Very good. Flan has cinnamon in it though. Service was great. Homemade hot sauce was good. Maduros are outstanding!My Husband is originally from Miami and since moving to California it's been rough trying to find proper Cuban food. Who knew we would find such a gem in New Orleans?! From the Coladas, Mojitos, Tostones and Pan Con Bistec everything was delish! Thank you for making our bellies so happy!!Growing up in South Florida, I grew up on Cuban food. Of all the Cuban restaurants I've eaten at in this city, I would have to say this is the most authentic Cuban food I have eaten so far. 
I went for lunch and ordered the picadillo and it was excellent as were the black beans and rice and the platanos.
I will definitely go back here again because the food was delicious.I'm Cuban so I'm very critical of other restaurants that serve the food I grew up on. 
It's pretty spot on. The croquetas are PERFECT. Just how my aunt used to make them. The media noches are also truly authentic! They even got the bread right!! Rabo encendido was amazing!! 
Only reason I give this place a 4/5 is because of the price. This is normally CHEAP food. It's soooo overpriced coming from Miami. I'm assuming it's because of the high rent on magazine street. Please keep in mind, I have been here 3 times so it hasn't put me off all that much - I will pay anything for croquetas lolMy wife and I stopped by after an afternoon of shopping on Magazine Street.  We were waiting outside at 5:00 PM when they opened for dinner.  By 5:30, the place was packed.  It only seats about 30, so get there early.
The place is small.  There are only 15 tables for 2 but the tables can be pushed together.  The servers were prompt and nice.  My entrée was accidently given to another table, so I had to wait a few more minutes than my wife, but it wasn't bad.
My wife had the slow roasted pork and I had the shredded flank steak.  Both were tender and very flavorful.  We closed with the flan.  It was the perfect ending to the meal.
I don't like to give out 5 star reviews.  I think that should be saved for the absolute best experiences.  I will give this 4 stars, but wish I could give it 4.5 stars.  The food is very good and the prices are reasonable.  Just get there early.The food and service were amazing. We went for an early dinner with two kids and they made sure to take their orders and bring their food quickly. We got the chicken croquettes with mojo sauce as an appetizer and Lechon Asado as the meal. It was amazing- from the chicken tenders for the kids to the beans, plantains, and the pork. So so good!Service was excellent! Food was excellent! I used to have family in Miami but no longer have ties there and haven't visited in a while. I miss good Cuban food and Que Rico hit the spot! I got a Cuban sandwich which was perfectly balanced with the right amount of each ingredient. The pork was delicious and I liked that it wasn't too fatty. My fiance enjoyed the lechon asado. Everyone who worked there seemed  genuinely nice, welcoming, and happy to have you as a customer. We will be back to try more!I took my mom to Que Rico yesterday for lunch. It was delicious. She got he special of the day, the oxtail, and i got the pork chop. Everything was great. The beans were flavorful, the oxtail super tender and the pork chop well seasoned. The staff was awesome as well. I can't wait to go back to try other things on the menu.One of my favorite Cuban restaurants of all time. Being a regular at their Slidell location, I was so happy when they reopened their location on Magazine Street. The food is incredible, location is perfect( next to lots of shops), and super friendly staff. My favorite is their Sandwich Cubano and their Pan Con Bistec de Pollo! Those are some of the best sandwiches I have ever had!Awesome food!! This place is amazing.  The food is delicious and authentic, and very reasonable.  Their homemade special dishes are to die for. We will be going back again soon.Great food and service!!! Came in to do a take out and the food came out quick and very fresh and tasty. I had been craving Cuban food, so I decided to get the lechon with black beans, rice, and tostones. Very flavorful and enjoyed all of it. I also had my all time favorite cafe....cortadito. So delish and definitely will be visiting again.I've been coming to this place since it was a little hole in the wall in Slidell. The best Cuban food around. Bistec a la palomilla is my go to. But let me tell you about the Media Noche, bawwww gawwwd!! Now that's a sandwich! If you're strolling down magazine just stop in for the LIT Cuban music and you'll be doing the salsa until the sun goes down or until they close in the early eveningPork tamale, chicken soup, lechón asado, fried yucca. All were awesome and fairly inexpensive. Also it's byob and portions are pretty large so you could probably have a nice meal for two and get out of there for under $20 all in.Que Rico was great.  I do not know about five star great, but solid nonetheless.  
We called ahead of time and got a reservation to Que Rico.  I strongly encourage this. There were a few people who were walk-ins and they definitely had to wait longer than us.  I suspect because they are not on OpenTable, people don't think to just call and get a resy.  In our case, I think it worked to our advantage.  I called at like 5pm on a Saturday and got a 7:15pm reservation.  They were right on time too.  
We had the Havana sampler for an app. Some stuff was good, some was just ok.  Our server did not tell us what was what, and I don't know enough about Cuban food to know what I was eating.  In the end, I try everything, so I didn't sweat it.  But for review purposes, I cannot tell you what I liked and what I didn't.  
The entree was more straightforward.  I had the single pork chop - Chuletas Fritas.  This was great.  I have had better cuts of swine, but the flavor was awesome.  Really solid entree if you're looking for a suggestion.
Overall, we really enjoyed Que Rico.  We will certainly repeat.This place is sooo bomb. 
Went on a Friday night. There was an hour wait. And it was well worth it! The inside is pretty small and cramped. We had a group of 10 and they made us a table outside right in front of the restaurant. Super accommodating and all the servers and the chefs were all so nice. 
Cubano - one of the best I've ever had. I would order this every freaking time. 
Tamal cubano - the tamale was so delicious. It was served with slow roasted pork.
Special oxtail dish - I love oxtail and this one was soooo tender. Fall off the bone tender. Wish they would add this to their menu! 
Habanero sauce - spicy! And it went well with every single dish we ate. I basically poured it on top of everything. The food was already great, but this sauce made it even better.  
Churros - comes in an order of three with condensed milk, a raspberry sauce, and chocolate sauce. Came out piping hot and crunchy. 
Tres leches - wasn't my fav, but still good. 
I want to come back and try everything! Def became one of my favorite restaurants in the city.Delicious neighborhood Cuban spot - arguably the best Cuban food I have had so far in the city. It is a smaller space with limited seating, so the possibility of a wait is likely (especially for dinner). No liquor license yet, but you can BYOB (would recommend a little rum for their excellent mojitos). They still need to work out some kinks -- as all new restaurants have -- otherwise it is a great addition to the area and city.Wonderful food. It's a couple that owns it and the service was great. I telling you REALLY good Cuban food. We went on opening night and somehow they managed to have great service. I will be going back again and again and again!Highly recommend! The lechon asado is SO incredible (order with the regular plaintains). You might think, "hey, I can get pulled pork all over this city," but this has an outstanding, unique flavor you will not find at a bbq joint or your local taco place. Next time we may venture into some of the other items the waiter recommended. We took home some extra black beans for leftovers. Great service - I only suggest they turn up the salsa music just a bit :)I got the pork chops and they were amazing. Plantains were perfectly cooked. I can't wait to go back and try the other items on the menu.Great coffee drinks and delicious sandwiches. We used to go to their location in Slidell and I'm so glad things are working well for them uptown!The buzz is deserved!  This seemingly simple cuisine is often disappointing but they really delivered here last night.  I ordered the sweet corn tamale over rice with pork, black beans and plantains.  
It was a beautifully presented dish.  Plenty of food.  I certainly didn't leave hungry.  The black beans had to be some of the best I had enjoyed anywhere.  The pork was tender and juicy and the tamale was moist and delicious.  Great combination.  The plantains were well prepared.  Sometimes they're dry or greasy and these were perfect.  
I don't like to leave 5 stars having dined just once but I will surely be back soon to make sure they stick!Fantastic! I had the beef platter with a side of pickled cabbage salad. Everything was amazing! Would love to try everything on the menu-definitely recommendation!The food is pretty tasty!!! The flavors are bold, and I like it!!!! I had the passion fruit drink and bistec a la palomilla (think steak).Que Rico is awesome.
It was awesome in Slidell and it is still awesome in New Orleans. 
I avoided coming to Que Rico once it reopened for a long time. I actually drove by right when they opened and it was packed. Like nowhere to park the work car nearby packed. I made several more plans to come during lunch, even going so far as ordering a co-worker to go here with me for lunch. It never worked out, but recently, I made it in. It is as good as I remembered.
It is funny that I almost had to order a coworker to come here since that is kind of the reason I was able to visit. One random night I had a work event to go to in the evening. I hate work events during the daytime so you could imagine my disgust at one in the evening. Even though the event had food, I couldn't wait to get out of there. When I finally escaped I figured I'd drive by Que Rico, see it was packed, and keep driving. But packed it was not! I guess I hit it at the perfect time because the restaurant was only half full. 
The restaurant has been completely redone since it was Saucy's. It is much more modern and attractive than it was before. Compared to the Slidell location, this space seems much smaller. As a result, tables are very close together. Normally I cannot stand tables this close together because I always feel cramped and that people are listening to my conversations. This time I was by myself so I got to listen to conversations. I can't believe Brad did that either Stacy. OMG!
I realize you didn't come here to read about all that nonsense though so I will get to the important stuff. The food is still delicious and service is still friendly.
I opted for my regular order of a single tamale to start and a pan con bistec de polo with a side of house made habanero sauce.
The Tamale - If you are from Nola and grew up eating Manuel's hot tamales, forget those tiny ass corn bombs. The tamale here is topped with slow cooked pork that will make you forget everything you have known about pork. I am not sure how they get the pork to be so tender or flavorful (sofrito? mojo?), but trust me when I tell you, this pork is like no other. If you top it with their not for the faint of heart habanero sauce, you will be in food heaven. 
The Sandwich- This is very likely my favorite non roast beef po-boy sandwich in existence. You would think a chicken breast sandwich would be fairly pedestrian. It is not. Again, I do not know what they do to keep a pounded flat chicken breast juicy, but they succeed. The addition of habanero sauce makes an already great sandwich truly phenomenal. 
Service - I was a regular at the original location. I had kind of hoped to slip in under the radar this visit, but that didn't happen. I was greeted like an old friend and treated very well. Service has always been friendly and that trend continued. 
Que Rico is an amazing restaurant. I am so glad they found a home in New Orleans.I was supposed to write this review a few months ago ... but honestly I was too satisfied to find words to embody this experience. I will admit I was  a Cuban food virgin, but this food... this meal... it was honestly a treat to my soul. The staff was fantastic: extremely welcoming and attentive. They are a must. You will not be disappointed. 
Winners: Bistek a la Palomilla, Lechon Asade, Tostones, And CHURROS!I'm obsessed! The Cuban sodas are yummy and the food is delicious! I had the ropa Viejo today. The meat was tender and everything was so flavorful. Seasoned to perfection. The first two times I went with the Picadillo which is also totally amazing! This might just be my favorite restaurant ever. It's that good! It helps that the service is quick and when you're ready you're not stuck waiting forever.Went to this very small restaurant for lunch and it was packed. Our wait was not long however and the food came out quick. Even though we didn't have to, it would have been worth the wait! Delicious, authentic, simple Cuban food. Just what I was looking for.I had a delicious dinner with my sisters here. Our family is Cuban so rest assured, we know good Cuban food. We ordered the Havana sampler, tamal Cubano with pork, yuca with chicharron and the ropa vieja plate. When we were done devouring our food, we had the churros for dessert! The chocolate sauce served with the churros is divine. Ready to go back for more!I was really missing the flavors from my island and I found them here. Starting with the refreshing virgin mojito with that touch a mint was delicious. 
Next, Fried yuca with garlic (mojo de ajo). It was so good we placed a second order. 
For our main dish I had a chuleta frita, rice and beans. Oh! and sweet plantains of course. 
My husbands ropa vieja was also delish! 
Everything was well seasoned and cooked.
The service was amazing. Everyone very attentive, including the owners son who brought our yuca to the table.
We felt so at home that we shared some of our extra yuca with the table next to us and stayed a little longer talking, drinking a cafesito and eating flan. Both were on point!! Great vanilla and caramel flavor on the flan. I really enjoyed it.
One of my favorite places now!! Lives up to its name... ¡Que Rico!
I am so glad they are now in magazine street.Finally! They opened! I went for dinner tonight...got there early because I knew they would be packed on Friday night. Being a new restaurant...I was satisfied with the quality and flavor of the food. Appetizers were amazing. Tostones were spot on. Tamal de Cubano was amazing. Tostones with the Picadillo was flavorful but was a little sweet in a odd way whereas I'm of Latin decent as well. Entrees Chuletas entree were awesome with the fried egg and Tamal with shrimp. The shrimp were flavorful but the quality of the shrimp were very poor and over cooked and not cleaned properly. The kitchen was busy of course but we ordered desserts...only got our flan which was WAY over cooked whereas Flan should be a creamy custard on your palette...yet curdled and spongy...disappointing....Churros were good. Totally understand being a chef and how a kitchen can get backed up and working out kinks to become better on the future. Wish the best of luck! We definitely needed a Latin restaurant in this city!Que Rico is a small restaurant on magazine street, and boy it was such great experience! The service is quick and friendly. This is a gem on Magazine that isn't quite talked about as much as other restaurants on this poluar street. We ordered the Cuban sandwich and the Tamal Cubano with a side of fries. Overall good place for a quick bite! The food was a little pricey but very filling. 
PROS: Good food and great service. Friendly staff and food tasted great. 
CONS: Small restaurant and can be pricey. Not a lot of tables inside so seats are limited. Plates can cost close to $20 each and sauces are extra 50 cents each. 
Definitely check the place out if you've never had Cuban food before! It's a good environment and positive vibes all around. Lovely place for friends, family, or anything in between!I really enjoyed this place everything is authentic Cuban cuisine and the staff is amazingStopped at this little gem for dinner and it was awesome!  Both service and food were excellent!  Definitely planning to go back!Let me begin by saying I am Cuban by birth (not a Miami Cuban), although as every good Cuban I lived there too for a while. Having Que Rico Restaurant in NOLA is a blessing as their seasoning and dishes are equal or better than what I am used to when I visit Miami. The attention to details, dish presentation and of course the Espresso Flan keep bringing me back to this little piece of home in NOLA. !Buen provecho!Never had Cuba food before and we thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant.  Charming server explained the dishes. The grilled chicken breast with grilled onions was fantastic. Great black beans, rice, and never tried fried plantains before.  Eow!I've been here twice and both times have been incredible. So far, I've had the Lechon Asado and the Chilenas Fritas (fried pork chop). Both came with plenty of rice, beans, and plátanos on the side. The pork chop was perfect -- spot on with being just crispy enough but somehow tender and juicy. The garlic sauce it's cooked in is unbelievably good. 
The habanero sauce costs an extra 50 cents. I usually feel like it's a little much to charge for sauce, but I can appreciate why this one costs extra. 
The cafecito (sweetened espresso) came out piping hot. Definitely one of the best espressos I've had. 
I don't know why it's only $$ because it's not the cheapest joint, but at the same time, it was money very well spent. I've eaten here twice in as many weeks and I'm going to be going back to work my way down the menu.It was difficult to figure out how many stars to give Que Rico! after three visits now. I went with three stars, but if they can figure out how to deal with their POS tech problems then they will be fully deserving of five. No problems with the servers themselves, they've been friendly- just... they've had a lot of apologies to make.   
Food is amazing. Five stars, easily- everything we've been served has been great from apps to entrees to desserts. The lechon, oxtail (special), and churros have particularly stood out, but there's no wrong thing to order. 
The last two times we've dined here, however, our orders were essentially lost. Both times we had our server realize 20-30 minutes later that the kitchen had never received our order- so we've had to wait about 45 minutes+ to actually receive any food- even including our appetizers (which during the third visit, even got left off of the next order and thus arrived about halfway through eating our entrees). 
And of course the same thing happened for dessert as well the second time we went, which is why we didn't even try to order it the third time. The manager stepped in after, again, we waited 30+ minutes to get our dessert, said that he would "take care of it personally" and finally... churros showed up. Then he showed us the bill (which didn't include the dessert- we assumed pretty reasonably that he had comped it)- but then added it back in after we had given him our card but before I signed anything. Didn't notice until afterwards. Hopefully this was just a misunderstanding but seriously- if you forget someone's order twice in the same meal- something should get comped. It took a while to go back after that fiasco, but like I said, the food is soooo good. But then it happened again. 
Please, please fix y'all's tech problems.The food here is phenomenal! Was so sad when they closed in slidell but so excited they are back open in new orleans!Tried this place out recently and was pretty impressed. I had bistec de pollo and it was tasty. My wife had the traditional Cuban dish ropa vieja which to me resembled a shredded roast beef but with different flavors in the savory sauce. We also had a soupa de pollo to share which was good also. They currently do not have alcoholic beverages but the waiter told us they are I. The process of getting a liquor license. Can't wait to try one of their Cuban cocktails.Enjoyed dinner here Friday night & what a treat it was!  For starters, we enjoyed the pork tamales which were aaaamaaazzing.  Tender pork with a very flavorful au jus that made the actual tamale flavorful, and not soggy 
For our entrees, we enjoyed the Cameron dish and the pork sautéed with onions.  Next time we are in town, I want to try the churros.  The restaurant itself is quaint and the staff is very attentive and welcomingIt's finally here!
So, for those that don't know, Que Rico! had long been touted as easily one of the best Cuban restaurants in the area. At the time, it was located in Slidell, and as badly as I wanted to dine there, I just never had the opportunity to make it out that way. This was a major bummer as all of the reviews and photos made Que Rico! sound like heaven.
Cut to a few months ago. Que Rico! was forced to close their Slidell location and it was rumored that they were considering opening a new location in New Orleans. Could this be a dream? If I could have easy access to the amazing food that I've heard raves about, I'd be on cloud nine. Then I got the word from a real estate friend of mine that the owner of Que Rico! had signed a lease to open on Magazine St. I had to keep the secret until they were ready to announce the big news, meanwhile my anticipation was at an all time high. They went to work restoring a space that was once a BBQ joint and I started stalking their Instagram and Facebook waiting on an announcement that they were ready to open for business.
The word finally came this week, and some friends and I made immediate plans to eat here as soon as possible. I was the only one who hadn't experienced Que Rico! for myself, so I was going in totally blind. When we got there the first thing I noticed was that the restaurant has been completely renovated. The inside is gorgeous and, although it's a smaller space, it doesn't feel cramped. Since it was my first time I was eager to try a few things. 
Tostones a la Cubana: We started with this and I had never had it before. It's green plantains topped with roasted pork, cheese and olives. My description doesn't do it justice. It's delicious and a perfect starter. 
Fried sweet plantains: These are always a favorite and I try to get them whenever I go to a Cuban restaurant. It's a simple dish, but so tasty. The version here is perfection.
Cubano: You know that if I came to a legit Cuban restaurant that I had to get a Cubano. I'm not exaggerating when I say that I think that this is the best one I have ever had. This was a huge sandwich with delicious pork cheese and pickles pressed into fresh bread. The cheese with melted into the meat perfectly and the sandwich was full of flavor. The pork was tender and juicy. 
Cuban coffee: Finally, at the end of the meal, I had a Cuban coffee. This strong shot was the perfect end to my lunch. It was just sweet enough and had just enough of a caffeine punch to make me happy.
Service was excellent and Don made sure that we had everything that we needed. Everything was delicious and I can't wait to go back and try all that they have to offer.
New Orleans has definitely welcomed Que Rico! with open arms. We got there right when they opened for lunch and the small space quickly filled up. My hope is that anyone who enjoyed this restaurant in Slidell will visit their New Orleans location- it's worth the trip.talmal cubano de cerdo ($9); 10/10 recommend. the sweet corn tamale goes perfectly with the salty roasted pork. the talmale wasn't too doughy or wet. the texture is light. the pork and onions were very well seasoned.
yucca con chicharroon ($10); 10/10 recommend. i know this appetizer may not sound flavorful because it's boiled yucca and onions. but that thought is far from wrong. the boiled yucca has this nutty meaty flesh that absorbs so much flavor. i can't quite describe the texture, its dry and fluffy but delicate. the pork skin adds this savory slightly crunch. soo perfect and satisfying.
chuletas fritas/ double pork chop ($19); 10/10 recommend. there's just so much flavor in the pork chops. pork chops were a little over cooked, but didn't stop me from annihilating this dish!
ropa vieja ($18); 6/10 recommend. shredded tender flank steak stewed and infused with rich flavors. which flavors, I'm not exactly sure. i haven't had anything similar. it's delicious and very tasty, but compared to other items on the menu, i could easily pass on this dish. maybe I'm not a stewed meats kinda gal?
cubano ($12); 2/10 recommend. if you don't like mustard, shy away from this. it's toasty, but once you've had other menu items, why eat a cubano when you can have yucca con chicharroon!
tres leches ($7); manfriend devoured this with zero complaints. i had a few bites and it was okay. the pieces i had, the cake texture was crumbly, but manfriend didn't experience that.The place was delicious. The customer service made it even better. Everyone's really friendly and kind. I really hope they eventually move into a bigger space because my friend and I were stuck in the tiny little corner which was slightly uncomfortable, but the food just was so great!This is a hot spot!!! I am super excited to get get my ( tres leches )espresso here! Its sooo good! I love the plantains! Maduros. Mmm
The food is as good as it smells! Just delishSimply amazing food! The Media Noche was exquisite. Perfectly seasoned with a great crunch on the bread from the press. They have a surprisingly large coffee selection as well. Always a plus!We went there for lunch on a Saturday. It was amazing!!  True authentic Cuban food, and the waiter and staff were great!You get home cooked meals with just as much class. This place is heart warming, and will always remind you of home. I love the meatloaf special on Fridays, and the one Tamal Platter. 10/10 recommend this place even from the very beginning:)Love love love this place! Haven't had Cuban food this good since living in Miami! If you haven't tried this place you should. Food & drinks are great. Kid friendly!Truly delicious, authentic Cuban cuisine. The Tostones are to die for..... I'm addicted!The food was so good in this little restaurant. Don was our waiter and had us laughing so much. The price was very fair for the amount of food, atmosphere and laughs that came with it. I can't wait to go again!W@W!!!!!!!
Extremely refreshing to finally have some authentic hispanic food in this area along with amazing service! I came last week and happened to show up as they were closing for the lunch hours to my disappointment..... Made it today with plenty of time left in their early open hours and boy am I glad I did! Had the ropa vieja, AMAZING !!! I grew up in little havana in Miami and by far the closest thing to being there is Que Rico! Do yourself a favor and give these guys a try! Real food done really good! Thanks guys for the delicious lunch! Get used to me cause I'll be a regular!I was looking looking forward to trying this new restaurant a Magazine Street. Although I really like the barbecue place that was there before it. It's a Cuban restaurant, or at least Cuban food. I went in for lunch.
Server was nice and had me sit in an empty table and I got a chance to look over the menu for a while. It's a one pager, but I didn't see the sandwiches on the back so be sure to look for them.
For an appetizer I had Croquetas con Mojo. 
I had chicken,  but it also can have ham in it. Battered and fried, just a great start.  There is a garlic dipping sauce that's just bursting with flavor.. so tasty!
For my entree, I ordered the Masitas de Puerco Frita which is described as "pork chunks marinated in our sofrita mojo sauteed and fried and topped with onion."
Comes with rice and black beans.
As the bus'r brought the food, some of the juice from the pork spilled over and landed on my shorts (yes it was hot). He was extremely apologetic,  and brought napkins, a towel and some hot water. It was a pretty big stain, and the liquid was dark so...it was a mess. The manager came over and apologized also and said the meal was comped. The server also apologized. 
I was kind of irked, but they handled it well, and (luckily) it was an old pair of shorts. I washed them when I got home, but the stain didn't come out. I can't say I would be so nonchalant if it were a more expensive pair of pants.
The pork had good flavor, but was kind of hard, like it was overdone, and I was kind of out of sorts, so I only ate half. 
The beans and rice were good.
This morning I nuked the leftovers, and could appreciate the deep flavor of the sofrito,  and the micro softened the pork. Turns out it was excellent.The food was absolutely amazing. The service was impeccable. There was a wait, but it was worth the wait! This will definitely be one of my favorite restaurants on Magazine Street. I am so glad they made the move to NOLA!!Absolutely fantastic! I was in the mood for something different and I found this place on yelp. Let me tell you, they have the best cafecito in town (that I've tried so far). But let me start from the beginning. 
Small place on magazine, has a family owned kind of vibe which is nice. The staff is really friendly and helpful. 
We had the media noche- the bread toasted perfectly, bread and pork super soft it melted in my mouth.
The sampler- ham croquetas, maduros, yuca, and tostones. Really nice to try them all. Comes with mojo and a red sauce. Wish the sauce was thicker.
The virgin mojitos taste amazing! Like the real thing and they have lots of mint. 
For dessert we had the tres leches- super soft and moist, sweetness was on point. And the churros it's enough to share. Mine came with condense milk on the side.Delicious food,  friendly service!  Cute and quaint atmosphere!  Nice addition to magazine street!Food was very good, service good as well.  I realize there is only so much you can do with space, but the place has a rather cramped feel and was loud enough that I could not have a conversation.  Will go back, but probably for carry out.I love this place. The food is well prepared and won't disappoint anyone. Highly recommendI got the iced bombomb and I didn't know it had carbonated soda in it. They were more than willing to change my drink for me. I absolutely recommend this place they have great service and great coffee. They were super friendly and the decor is very cute.The food is authentic Cuban food.  The taste and presentation is very good.  The restaurant is handicapped by its small size.  Tables are small and crowded.  The kitchen is about one third the size of my home kitchen, resulting in long times before being served.  Lack of parking is another problem.amazing !! off magazine street so parking is always a pain but worth it. great flavors and drinksA tiny Cuban restaurant located on Magazine street. They do take reservations for 6+ people in a table but if not, you can easily walk in and grab a seat as you walk in. FYI, four of us walked in at 7 on Friday night and got seated right away. But yes, the restaurant filled up pretty quickly after that.  It was my first time trying the Cuban cuisine so I went with their national dish - Ropa Vieja (shredded beef in light red broth). It was so delicious! It came with black beans, rice and fried sweet plantain. I thought the portion was small at a glance but after finishing my meal, I was so stuffed so it was pretty good deal I believe! I definitely will be back to try their sandwiches and what not. I was told that they are in the process to obtain a liquor license so hopefully they can shake up some decent Cuban inspired cocktails in the near future. Cheers!Can't wait to eat here. Their previous Slidell location was outstanding. It will be a longer drive from Waveland, Ms. however the food is soooooo good we will probably go twice while our RV is parked in Bay Saint Louis area. 5 stars.....This restaurant is relatively small so going at a somewhat off hour is a suggestion. Excellent meal. Piccadillo was delicious as was the black beans and maduros. Good service.  Remember they have no liquor license but bringing your own is not a problem.Que rico! SO happy that they relocated from Slidell to Magazine street!! We arrived at 6pm for dinner on a Saturday to see that they had a "Closed" sign on the door. An employee came out and informed us that even though they had made double the food, they ran out of everything by 4pm and were going to reopen at 6:30pm. SO glad we waited!! We had the Havana sampler (pretty much a sampling of all of their appetizers), lechón asada, and ropa vieja. Everything was fantastic and rivales that to what I had had when visiting Cuba. The entrees come with plantains, rice, and incredibly flavorful black beans. Pro Tip: they are currently BYOB, so next time we will be back with some rum for Cuba Libres ;)Great food! Great music! Wish it was little bigger but it's in a great location with awesome service! We will be back!Que rico, my God. I've been a loyal patron since I lived in Slidell and was DEVASTATED when y'all closed. You will be hard pressed to find better Cuban food in the area, or in general. The ropas viejas is perfection and so are all the sides. The tamales too. And my god, I thought I hated ketchup until I had their homemade garlic ketchup. They have a homemade habonero sauce you can ask for too that's killer. Their sandwiches are great. Everything is great. Everyone is friendly and passionate about the food. It got a lot pricier when they moved to Magazine (but I totally get it, overhead is higher plus their food is worth every penny and is cooked with love. Bonus is not having to drive to Slidell now to enjoy it!) Don't pass this place up. Seriously.So delicious it's insane! The finance lived in Miami for law school and after and his first wife was Cuban. He's had an affinity for Cuban food since so when I saw this hot new place pop up I thought we'd give it a go. It did not disappoint! He had the bistec and I had the media noche both excellent. We split tres leches for dessert. It's byob right now while they await a liquor license FYI. Which sounds fun to me. It's small - the old Saucy's location. But feels more Cuban that way for some reason. Super attentive staff and just a warm vibe. Go see these people and eat their amazing Cuban food. We cannot wait to go back.Signed up for yelp JUST so I could write this review. I've had really great Cuban food in my life but this restaurant is on another level!!! 100% would recommend. Incredible food, wonderful service. You absolutely cannot go wrong here. Give this place your business!My family and I have been several times, my mom loved the bistec, the tamal, the plantains! I loved the Cuban vegan and the cauliflower criollo, so I was very happy to have a vegan option! My aunt is in love with the croquettes. The churros looked amazing but I have not tried them yet. The owner and the workers are so humble and friendly and treat you like family, hope to come back soon! It is a pretty small place, so it's often packed so keep that in mind. We will be back!Just walking down Magazine street and popped in to this nice little Cuban restaurant. The special was chicharrón de pollo which was amazing!! I also had the Bistec pollo which was a little too citrusy for me.Went in with only 3 tables being served.  Sever was talking up a storm with another table.  We stood at the door wondering if we needed to wait or seat ourselves.  I had to get the server's attention to find out.  After we sat, we waited a few minutes and decided to get our own menus.  Waited a bit linger and decided to leave.  We were finally asked if we were dining in as we left.  Poor service.  Too bad.  The place smelled great.This place was amazing!!! I recently moved to New Orleans and this is hands down the best meal I've had. Employee told me about how all recipes are handed down thru the owners family and it is so delicious and authentic. As a vegan I was so excited to see vegan options! The cauliflower criollo was exceptionally good.This place was AMAZING!! We went on a Saturday night and were immediately seated. Ordered the palomilla and the pork chop (both were good but the pork chop was superb!!). They serve alkalinized water and have wonderful drink repertoire. Dont serve alcohol but you can BYOB. The server was excellent. He was like superman doing everything from hosting, serving, taking to go orders, you name it. Wonderful place and wonderful food!WOAH!! We were absolutely blown away by this place. We started with the Havana Sampler and I personally had the Ropa Vieja Sandwich. DELICIOUS! We are all very happy Cubans!! Will be returning regularly and you should as well !! Would give 10 stars if I could $!Este lugar no tiene buena atención. La comida estaba bien. Hace falta personal amable!!I'll give the service 5/5. Our server was very friendly and accommodating. The food was great. I had the tamale to start which was great, but you can definitely share one for two people. The fresh mango juice was soooo good. The Cubano here is pretty good, but I think it could use some butter between the press. It is BYOB which isn't really my thing, but I am sure most people wouldn't mind. I would definitely go back.I'm not sure where to start. How about, terrific?! My husband and I had been wanting to try this new Cuban spot since they opened, but our schedules hadn't worked out. So, we had the opportunity to go on his birthday, March 13th. And, omg, was it ever worth the wait! I can't remember the appetizer we ordered, but it was something like plantain fritters with mojo sauce and they were incredible. For dinner I ordered the vegan Cuban, and I get chills of thinking about how good it was! My husband got a pulled pork dish, which he devoured. Our waiter, Alex, was so kind and attentive. He suggested we bring a bottle of wine or our favorite beers next time since they don't serve alcohol. Which, we will, lol. We did share a watermelon soda that was really tasty. I love food, I have been a vegetarian for years now, but have an allergy to eggs and milk so went vegan in May. I am so appreciative when restaurants show us Vegans some love, we like to eat too. 
We will be back!! That's a promise!Great dine in (back in the day) and they're doing a great job with takeout. Everything I've had there is delicious and the service is friendly and efficient.Not my abuela's cooking (although still decent) and we found it a bit overpriced for the type of food; but understandable because of the location. I know there are not many options in the area so it's a good option when feeling home sick. The sweet plantains were great and so was the coffee!We had the Ropa Vieja and Pork Chop Chuletas Fritas, both were really really good. We loved the flavor! The beans, rice, and plantains were all delicious. We sat outside and had the space to ourselves which we appreciated.