Soooo, we are staying next door and were thrilled with the prospect of having Sunday brunch with $10 unlimited mimosas at one of the busiest times of the year (first weekend of parade season) and you're closed at 10:30 am when you're supposed to be open at 9 am!!!! Truly a WTF moment!!
This location (under various names) has a checkered past and it appears as though that tradition continues.This is a review for the patio/bar/outside area.
We were wandering around the Saturday before Halloween kind of just looking for something to do, and after not finding much, when we found ourselves here. The place had a good crowd and there was a band and a place to sit, so we were all about it. The patio area is really nice, there's a lot of space and the bar is right there so you can get some drinks with no hassle and without having to push your way through the crowd. They do have a few local beers on tap, so I enjoyed that while we listened to the band and took in the space.
This seems like a cool place to just hang out, so we'll be back.This place is still new but constantly improving!! I came here once and the kitchen was closed but I was committed to coming back and trying the food. I just recently decided to go vegan and they have plenty of options for me!! I was so surprised! The food was amazing and they have a vegan gumbo! Did I forget to mention they have bottomless mimosas for brunch?! I will definitely be back. The staff was absolutely amazing and accommodating. Will be back and will tell more people about this place. It's amazing!!This is one of the best jazz bars you can hit up on Frenchmen Street. No cover, good music and even the bar food was good. Other bars were crowded, had lines or were more club-like. We ended up here twice in two nights and we don't regret it. Save yourself the trouble and stop here first to get a good seat.Piece of junk bar who can't handle their manners. The entertainment is not what was advertised either so don't go in expecting one thing. You'll get another and no apologies about it either. I ain't impressed...Two of only three people at the place when we sat down to listen to live music by Nervous Duane. Not sure why the place was empty since it was the only place with live music at that time of day. Nervous Duane was excellent mixing some of his own music with some covers. It's a great beer garden that likely is packed certain days of the week. I can't wait to go back next year when I return.Standard bar, you can get good beer or good cocktails. I really like it because of the live music. They had a really good band playing old blues and they had misters on the outdoor patio to keep us cool in the heat while we drank and listened to the music. Definitely worth checking out!I have eaten at Rare Form a couple of times now, and I love it there. Casey, the bartender, is a great conversationalist (or at least willing to argue Star Wars theory) and the chef there (Elwood) makes a burger so mean that my eyes rolled into the back of my head and my pants grew tight.Great atmosphere. Outdoor seating was very inviting. HOWEVER, if you have a New York State id do not count on getting a drink here. Bartender declined to serve my friend because her drivers license was "papery".Stop in here. If Miss Tess is working even better. Hard to find a chill place on Frenchmen Street. Very romantic and fun. Well done! This place is awesome sauce!Fun bar at the very end of Frenchman street. The patio bar has a nice vibe. You can enjoy the Live music with your cocktails. My old fashion was good. While they do offer food, you'll want to stay with cocktails and find a place in the area for dinner. Better yet eat before you arrive. Oh, don't expect to hold a conversation, though. It's much too loud for that.Dog friendly!! Cool shade and breeze as we listened lo great live music on the patio. Bacon, Brie, onion marmalade sandwich.....outstanding!Great place to hang out for live music and drinks! The bartenders are super friendly!!! Def a place to visit on Frenshmen st!!!Ew. The worse. Staff comped all of our beer because the chef must be on crack. He forgot to make our food!!! The beer was cold at least... 1 star is at least for a nice bartender.We happened upon this place, and decided to have dinner here because of the reasonable price and the great live music. We were blown away by how fantastic and delicious it was!!! We had the shrimp remoulade salad, shrimp creole, and rice and beans. When the food came out the chef also sent a sample of the fried chicken--I have never had better fried chicken! All the food tasted like something from a fine dining culinary restaurant, but with filling portions and a reasonable price. 
When we were finished, a lady came to take our plates and we were so impressed by the food that we asked who does the cooking, and she said she does. It turns out that she just took over the restaurant as the new owner. Best of luck to her in this new venture! I would definitely go back again.Live band on a Sunday night was playing jazz in the patio area it was nice. The wings were good but our drinks were extremely watered down unfortunately the worst drinks my husband and I have ever had.Every visit to New Orleans always includes a visit at Rare Form. We never know what to expect but know we're in for a good time regardless. Drinks are strong and reasonably priced. Outside area is beautiful to relax in and enjoy the warm weather. 
Side note: they're bathrooms have amazing artwork and I feel like it's worth mentioning.My husband is vegan, so we sought this place out because a friend told us they have several options for him. We both had the vegan gumbo and I have to say, it was some of the best gumbo, in general, that I have ever eaten.  Service was friendly and their drinks are huge!  I love PIMMs cups and these were the best I have had.  My husband loves their "clockwork orange."
When we returned for another visit, we found out they have gone so far as to add vegan wine to their menu!  That is truly a treat for us!
The courtyard is beautiful and they have wonderful entertainment.  You can't go wrong seeking this place out for a great dinner and drinks.Rare Form won the lotto on location, atmosphere, aesthetics - it's a BEAUTIFUL patio with ample seating and great taste in musical acts. The food is excellent - top notch creole/Cajun grill fare.
I really hope this new venture succeeds - but it will not unless the service and personnel can do the place justice. I sincerely hope that management can quickly adapt to a seemingly very popular debut and staff up as needed with experienced servers. The guests wanted to be there, loved the entertainment and atmosphere, the vibe was hip and mature - but the long wait to get the attention of a single bartender for a glass of wine was leaving many crestfallen. I have heard this from several others so it was not a one-time observation.
So much potential to be a top hang for locals! We're rooting for Rare Form and will still be back - although we may need to buy our drinks across the street first! I want to come back again and again for the great fare, EXQUISITE and sophisticated musical acts, and beautiful courtyard. I won't give up yet!Definitely worth a stop if you are on Frenchman but don't want to deal with that crowd or covers.A very nice patio bar. The outside setting is wonderful when the weather is nice. We had great service and enjoyed the band very much. The facility is a very attractive outside courtyard.Food was awful! I got the redfish with couscous. The fish was just ok and the couscous was horrible. No flavor at all-literally. I put a good amount of salt on it and then noticed a rancid taste. Maybe the olive oil...? 
No one ever came to check on me. When I went to the bar to pay, the bartender asked how it was and I told her the food wasn't very good at all. I felt bad saying that and then added that the drink she'd made was good. She said, "Well, I'm glad the drink was good." No sorry, not even a mention of the food. 
There was also an older rocker type guy siting at the bar talking loudly with foul language to people who walked in. I drop an f-bomb myself from time to time but it was literally as if I wasn't even there. So unprofessional! I think he may have been the manager. He was criticizing the bartender for the way she held up two fingers to some British customers. Like, really? 
I loved the courtyard and on a good night, I'm sure it would be nice to go and enjoy a live band (it was too early for the band to be playing when I went) but I would not recommend the food if that dish is any indicator. And don't do there if you want to enjoy a nice ambiance. This place is only good for music and drinks.
Also, a rat was crawling in the bushes in the courtyard. Maybe that's to be expected in this part of Marigny but still-not nice to see while you're eating.We went there early afternoon and the band started playing some great tunes. Nice and awesome patio. It's great to get away from the rowdy frat boy crowd. Also they started  making some boiled crawfish. Watching the entire process was pretty fantastic!I went to see a great guitar player here, but they didn't have a working fixture to light him. While trying to enjoy the music I was straining to see him play I also had to endure the wine vendor walking back and forth talking very loudly, seemingly oblivious to the musician he was walking in front of. People walk in off the street on a very lit path and the trees are lit brightly while leaving the one providing music-in the dark. I personally felt both the audience and musicians were neglected. Too bad because they feature a ton of music.I held a birthday Brunch here last Sunday and it was amazing!! I'm not sure if they have live music every Sunday, but this particular Sunday they did paired with the perfect weather and the bottomless mimosas my birthday was made!!! I had the chicken and waffles topped with a Siracha maple syrup, sounds off the I know, but it was a PERFECT combination everyone LOVED IT!! I also tried the shrimp and grits it was a huge portion and seasoned to perfection!! I will definitely be coming back to this place the ambience was out of this world!! The server never skipped a beat he kept my party of 18 happy with the bottles and bottles of champagne!! Definitely recommend!!Love the energy of this place. Has a great courtyard with live music. I enjoyed their drinks, I would recommend their Hurricane. I would defiantly go again with a group of friends the next time I'm back in NOLAStopped in one night while visiting New Orleans, at night by the way. We spent a few hours here while listening to the jazz playing outside, which was wonderful. The light is a red glow which gave it a wonderful atmosphere. The people were great and so was the vibe. Thanks for a great night. The only reason I'm rating it a 4 star is because I only give 5 stars to extraordinary experiences.I am losing hope for Rare Form. The servers are so insultingly lackadaisical and unfamiliar with this industry I will be surprised if the place stays open before the end of the year. What an absolute shame for such a primo location, atmosphere and kitchen quality. I tolerate the juvenile servers and just treasure my food and drink to enjoy the entertainment, I even tip - but I have to witness how they treat ALL customers while doing so. Astonishing. Please management: bring in a career bar/restaurant trainer.We didn't eat or drink here but we did stop in for the awesome music that was playing outside. The cool purple lights outside were what drew us in, but once we got closer we heard some of the best jazz music playing right through the gates on the outside patio. They had an outside bar and we were going to stop for a drink but since we had been drinking for a solid three days straight we figured we should just chill and listen to music. We sat and listened to them play for a good 45 minutes, and lots of people started showing up so we figured we would give up our table to some paying customers. We tipped the performers and went on our way. I definitely recommend it if it's a warm night and you want to sit outside and listen to some good music. They did have an inside bar, but since it was such a nice night it wasn't being used, and it was one of the only bars on Frenchmen Street that had an outside area playing really good music!This location keeps changing names but the awesome patio stays the same.  The waitress came to the table and said she could take food orders but not drink orders so that was rather unusual and I've actually never heard that before anywhere in New Orleans.  There was a decent two musician band playing and it was a very pleasant environment.  I didn't get food so I can't give any feedback on that.Stopped in there at the beginning of on the night, Heather was super awesome and friendly. Come back a few hours later at the end of the night and there was some awful bitchy bartender. Hospitality service is not for her! Also, the bathrooms smell like a petting zoo. I would have rather peed outside in the garden area!We darted in here on Wednesday night thanks to the rain and discovered this little bar with live music.  The music was really good - just one guy - but he was real good.  The hurricane that the bartender whipped up was a nice one - glad I was going to eat something soon!  Bar food is bar food so you can't expect greatness.  My husband had fried chicken fingers basket and fries and I had the blackened catfish basket with fries.  Not much of a basket when there is only one sad piece of fish.   The flavor was good but for $12, I expected at least a really big piece or at least two pieces.  The chicken basket had two medium size and one small piece of chicken.  For $11, again I expected more.  The only redeeming part were the fries.  They were perfectly seasoned and crispy. 
My recommendation is that Rare Form is a good place for live music and drink but find food someplace else.This place is a hidden gem.  The burgers are great.  We also the wontons and the shrimp Bo boy. The best po boy in NOLA.  Super great chef and a must if you go to Frenchman aremVery cool place, great outdoor seating and a nice guitarist. Beats the hell out of listening to college kids sing Nelly on Bourbon StEasily our favorite bar away from the crazy that is bourbon street. Bartender (Patrick) and musician (Beardsley) were great. A perfect way to end our trip. We would happily go here again.We came for the Sunday Brunch with bottomless mimosas... The mimosas were good, coffee was bad, service was less than to be expected, food was cold. Good place for drinks and to listen to music.This applies to the outside courtyard only. The music was great which is why we went in. Drinks were good. But the bathrooms were SO disgusting I wanted to call the health department. The smell in the ladies room made me gag and the men's room had puke everywhere and clogged toilets. I can't shake these memories to ever go back. Such a shameUnfortunately have to give this 1 star because we were there under 5 minutes before getting kicked out by a psychotic bar tender. My friend ordered 3 beers and 1 water, bartender came back with 3 waters all of which she slammed down onto the bar and splashed at us (completely intentional). We shrugged it off thinking maybe she had a bad night. Then she mumbled something to us when she handed the bill. Unsure of what she said we continued on to listen to the live music. 
Without warning she storms over and says the two of us can get the f%*! out of her bar, that we can both f'ing leave. Apparently she thought we were sent by someone to mess with her. We tried explaining it must be a misunderstanding, we aren't from around here just on vacation, and she told me "you're not f'ing cute". She was furious, people were staring, we were VERY confused. The woman needs help. No other workers in sight that we could talk to. Really ridiculous that this woman is employed.This place rocks. I have ordered from here 3 times from UberEATS and each time the food was hot, freshly prepared and delicious.  The food is well prepared with just the right seasoning amount for me. I will continue to eat here cause it is hard to find quality food at a fair price and can be delivered.  And even more difficult to find any place open late other than fast food, especially when you work till midnight. Thanks you Rare Form!!!We walked by this place and heard live music and saw there was a nice sized outdoor area that wasn't crowded at all, so we decided to grab some drinks here. The space is super cute. Pretty spacious, lots of greenery and a fountain. There is a bar outside as well as inside. The musicians were playing outside, and we loved that. Service wasn't so great, but it wasn't horrible. The bartender was busy chatting up her friend, so when she went to hand me my drink and change, she gave it to some other girl at the bar. Whatevs. Wasn't the end of the world. 
We stayed for quite a while, and loved the band that was performing. This is a great place to just savor the night air, hang casually with friends, and knock back some drinks. I don't know how it gets on a Friday or Saturday night, but on the Tuesday that we were there, it was perfect. I would highly recommend if you're looking for casual live music outdoors.Went here on a Sunday night and watched Hpyerphilly rock out in their beer garden. Incredible! Hyperphilly was amazing and we loved the open air venue. I was also impressed with the beer menuI haven't been inside the place, but I love the quirky courtyard outside. It was the perfect place to kick back, have a drink, and chill after a busy day of walking amongst the masses. Our bartender was great. She was all the things you'd want, welcoming, friendly, and attentive. The drinks were perfect.
The music coming over the speakers was laid back and relaxing. We were treated to live music as well, also laid back and relaxing. A talented trio comprised of a young lady singing, accompanied by a really good guitarist and bassist. I love the sound of a stand up bass.
The courtyard isn't fancy, and probably isn't the most tidy, or even the cleanest, but I didn't care. I liked the atmosphere and mellow feel to it. Watching the resident cats play about was an added treat :)On the night we came, there was a pretty spectacular performance by two of the singers. So I can't say it's this good every night, but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt with 5 stars.
Seating is plentiful here, so that's also a plus. A lot of other places run out of seating pretty quick and it's just not fun to stand around for hours holding your drink.
In terms of drinks, I had a beer here, so I can't speak to if the cocktails are good. I suppose I'll have to come back to find out.When we walked in brunch had already ended. The chef said "I can make you something!" I was sold. My veggie burger was freshly made sweet potato and black beans with avocado. The pineapple upside down shot, tempura veggies and bruschetta hit the spot! They have great vegan options.We were looking for a late night place that still served dinner around 11 pm and had some great music. Stumbled upon this wonder and had a shrimp creole that was to die for! It was nice taking in the sounds of the band on a very mellow patio. :)Great little place to enjoy live music and a good meal for a reasonable price.  Limited, but creative menu.When my girlfriends and I went to NOLA for 6 days, we found this spot third night in, and continued to go there every night til going home. Awesome bar food paired with a bourbon cocktail bar? string lit patio with awesome local blues music? We were regulars before heading back to Massachusetts, I've referred every friend headed that way and will definitely be stopping in on the next trip down there! Thanks for being an awesome laid back environment, tall male bartender was totally swamped with customers and maintained a cool positive attitude, and never left us hanging for long. Cheers, rare form! Good timesThe food is amazing - drinks generous. A must stop on your trip to NOLA. If you get the chance, speak to sous-chef Hilary... She's so passionate, and her wantons are out of this world!We stopped in for a drink, as it's one of the first spots on Frenchman- there was a live band playing jazz and lots of folks enjoying the music on the outdoor open patio. The vibes were excellent! I dont know about the food, but the atmosphere is great and a must stop on your Frenchman bar crawl.Absolutely beautiful courtyard! The bar staff were very friendly and attentive! Live music and the food special, to die for! Mango Pepper ribs, crawfish potato salad, and creole corn! Nom nom nom! Check this place out! Can't wait to go back!This is one of my top places on Frenchman street. It's mostly a local spot - I've never seen a tourist here. Great outdoor area that's very low key and always has live music. The servers don't bother you and you have to go to the bar to get your own drink, but that's why I like it. I can go and have a great evening and just enjoy music/being outside. Haven't had food here but I wouldn't say it has a wide selection.Sooooo many awful things today.   Humorous really. Sign out front says FREE music all day never a cover....   
Proceed to eat and drink and get our bill. There is an 'entertainment' charge per drink.  
Then they proceed to try and justify the bs. 
F this place.Really cool spot we came across while walking around near Frenchman St. The perfect place to  sit outside and enjoy some music. The patio is perfect a great place to relax and get away from the busy Frenchman crowd on Saturday night. I will definitely check this place out again when in town, we did not try any food just had some drinks was a really nice time.We stumbled in the Saturday before Halloween and this place was absolutely incredible! They had a great band, decent bartenders, CHEAP drinks, and a really fun ambience. It was pretty loud, but we were in costume and dance-happy, so no one cared.Disclaimer: Review only for Patio bar*
We stumbled on this venue roaming around Frenchman St. trying to find a band we could sit and enjoy. It is a little further south than I normally venture but I'm so glad I did. The patio features black wrought iron tables and chairs and water fountains. The band is tucked under the patio and the sound level was perfect.  The bar area is a good size and also covered. The mature palm trees and lights add the finishing touch to this tropical themed bar. The weather was perfect and you could see the moon from our table :) 
The drinks are reasonably priced and mixed well. 
The band Steve Mignano was great! Could listen to them all day!!
I am adding this to my must do when on Frenchman street.