Great food for Gluten Free Diet. 
Bring family and business associates here often. The food is excellent and the sunday brunch is best in the city. They have excellent gluten free options including waffles and pancakes. I am extremely sensitive to gluten and have never had a reaction. 
Worth the money!Despite the not so favorable reviews, we decided to try the restaurant anyway, due to Eric Ripert's fame.
I had the grilled octopus and my husband had the corn chowder for appetizers. For an entree, he had the short ribs while I ordered the trout. We also shared the mac and cheese on the side. While the appetizers were mediocre at best, the entrees are ok. They are not great by any means, and certainly not the standard I expected from a famous chef such as Eric Ripert. 
The only highlight of the whole dinner was my cocktail. I had the grape (specialty cocktail) which was amazing, which is why I gave it an extra star.
All in all, we were pretty dissapointed. We definitely would not come back.I would like to give this restaurant 4 stars, but yelp doesn't allow. Since I have to choose, I will round down.
The space is nice. I love the lobby of the Ritz Carlton. We went during restaurant week but found out (after we got there) that it was not participating. Ugh. The place is a bit pricey, so that was kind of disappointing. 
For the most part, the service was good. Our waiter was attentive and the glasses of water were filled quickly.
I really enjoyed my food, but even though the place was not very busy (maybe 3-4 other tables occupied) the waiter entered the wrong entree for my friend. I got the halibut and he ordered the steak. After waiting for our food, we got two halibuts instead. Since my friend is not a huge fan of fish, it was not the best news. The waiter was very apologetic and entered (again) the steak. In the mean time, we were allowed to keep the two halibut. The fish was well prepared. There was just the right amount of sauce. When the steak came, it (too) was good. 
The cocktails saved the day (and meal). Flavorful and fancy!
Overall, for the price of two meals, I would like a bit better service.I decided to end my work week with a gew drinks, eats, and friends.  The setting and ambiance of 10 Arts is really amazing.  Incredibly high ceilings, beautiful furnishings...it's a pretty classy place.  My friends and I split 5 different small plates.  The presentation almost made the food look too pretty to eat.  We all had the white wine on special - which was not amazing, but not bad either.  If I had the money, I would've stayed for dinner.   I would recommend 10 Arts for anyone looking for a classy place for after work drinks and dinner.This is your classic tale of a restaurant that has a pretty gorgeous interior, solid (if still obviously very new) staff, and a kitchen that cannot live up to its billing.
First, it's in the Ritz, so the place is immaculate.  Huge columns, night club-style lighting, holographic light walls...all pretty cool looking.  I liked how the club lighting contrasted with the old-world columns.  The circular wine cellar in the middle of the lobby/restaurant was amazing.  I want one.  
We were seated immediately by a very nice hostess.  Very professional.  The restaurant was nearly empty at 8:45pm on a FRIDAY...eh, that's a bad sign 99% of the time.  
Our server asked if we wanted Fiji or Pellegrino.  Did not even ask if we wanted tap.  Bad sign # 2.  
We were promptly brought menus and the water came out quickly.  The  wine list is just average.  The prices were absurd.  A bottle of 2005 Duckhorn sauvignon blanc sells for $24 at Total Wine.  They had it for $85!  Terrazas Malbec sells for $11.  They had it for $42.  We're talking four times mark up on wine here, people.  That is simply unacceptable to me.  I settled on a toreador cocktail.  It was fine but it was also $15.  Oh, and she brought us the wrong drink the first time, the second time she said they don't have it, and the third she returned with it.  I can excuse that because she's pretty new, I'd assume.
We ordered an order of the pretzels with three sauces from the lounge menu ($10), the salmon rilette ($13), two of the flat iron steaks ($26 each), the bouillabaisse ($28 I think), and the striped bass "Grand Mere" ($34) and a side of mac and cheese ($10).  
The pretzels were good, if too salty.  The dipping sauces were good but nothing special.  In fact, this appetizer was something that tasted pretty similar to what you'd get at Auntie Anne's pretzels but with a bit harder shell.  They did come with a jalapeno jelly that I liked a lot.
I didn't try the salmon but our guests seemed to like it a lot.
The steaks came a la carte.  This was a bit surprising, but I guess it shouldn't have been as the menu didn't say anything besides "shallot sauce."  One steak was ordered medium and one medium rare.  Both came out the exact same degree of doneness.   Awful.  You're a "top" restaurant!  Learn how to cook a steak!  The medium steak was done rare in the center.  My girlfriend wouldn't even finish it as it was cool and red in the center.  The other steak was the same but our friend likes rare steak so it wasn't a big deal.  The steak was pretty tender and carried a nice flavor.
The bouillabaisse was incredibly fishy.  The shellfish were good according to our friend but the striped bass was overcooked to the point of being almost inedible.  Dry, chewy, ruined.  Also, the waitress could not specify what sort of shellfish were in the dish (as our friend is allergic to scallops and wanted to avoid them...there weren't any but the waitress didn't know for sure).
The Grand Mere was probably the best dish at the table but it still had its flaws.  Two pieces of bass were served in a slightly bland broth with various vegetables (fingerlng potato slices, asparagus, snap peas, haricot verts, sun dried tomato, all fresh).  The smaller piece of bass was tough while the larger piece was cooked perfectly.  Obviously, they were cooked for the same amount of time and the smaller one just became overcooked.  
The mac and cheese was so salty that I could not eat it.  It had a sea salt crust on top (at least the bread crumbs had a lot of sea salt in them).  Who does that?
We did not stick around for dessert.
I'd probably not recommend.  I'd not go back any time soon.Wow. Where to begin. Cold bread, cool ratatouille, and pork pies that felt like they were stolen from the passed hour dourves tray at a wedding that happened 5 hours ago. We tried to get through a corn chowder that was almost too smoky to eat. My bouillabaisse was ok but lacked any wow flavors. My wife had a braised brisket that was very good, the only high note in an evening of lows. Philadelphia has come to expect a lot from its restaurants, 10 Arts just doesn't get up to the bar.Food was excellent.  Simple things like the Romaine salad were excellent.  Main courses are generally very good, especially the beef short ribs.We had an occasion to dine at 10Arts a week ago for breakfast.  The setting is beautiful, relatively quiet in the lobby area of the Ritz Carlton.  The food, however, was quite disappointing.  I ordered Eggs with Smoked Salmon served in the Eggs Benedict.  The hollandaise sauce was thick but bland.  The eggs were cold and the accompanying potatoes were greasy and bland.  The dish was also served with a few grape tomatoes that had been sautéed with oil and garlic.  Pretty much an unremarkable breakfast and no were need the value or quality you expect for the price.  Breakfast for three with coffee was well over $100. Service was a bit overpowering, we were constantly interrupted by a server adding or removing something that had nothing to do with the actual service.  If you want to top up a coffee don't come and ask, just bring the coffee pot and then ask.I took my girlfriend here for a lovely birthday dinner. The space is gorgeous, it's in the Ritz-Carlton in a beautiful old bank with towering columns.. the lounge is fun, inviting and the ambience is welcoming yet chic.
The food was a little slow but it was good! Try the octopus appetizer and the Pennsylvania Brook Trout with brussel sprouts is prepared to perfection. My girlfriend had the Roasted Lancaster Cty Chicken with spaetzel..she loved it! For dessert, try the beignets, they're not exactly New Orleans style but they're good, savory treat!
If you're in Philly, enjoy a drink in the lounge or grab dinner, the space is beautiful.I give it 2 stars solely based on the price of our meal versus the quality of the food. 2 drinks, 1 appetizer, and 2 of the cheaper entree's was a little over $100. If I'm paying over $100 for a dinner for 2, I expect the meal to be amazing. I got the Scottish Salmon because it looked good in other people's pictures on Yelp. While it looked nice in person, it tasted very bland and was unimpressive. I expect much more from a restaurant in the Ritz Carlton. Other than the food, the service was great and the drinks were just ok. There were some stains in my cloth napkin. Again, I expect more from a place in the Ritz Carlton.
Just noticed that a lot of the reviews for this place haven't been recent. I suspect that the quality of this place has gone down since 2014.Let me start off by talking about the great customer service. We had reservations for 7:30 PM but my friend was fashionably late.  He arrived at 7:45 PM. We were told that our table was not yet available but that they would get us a round of drinks on the house.  Shortly, our table became available and let me tell you how amazing the food was!  I had the mussel chowder, trout, and the carrot cake.  And it was all really good, not to mention this is only for restaurant week so I could only imagine how it is with the regular menu.  I will definitely try this place out another time!My favorite thing about 10 Arts was that it was a great place to dine alone. I often find myself on my own and looking for a nice meal, but some places - especially those without bars - just don't feel right for solo dining. 10 Arts was not only non-awkward, they made me feel especially welcome. While it's not an inexpensive lunch spot, the service and ambiance justify the price tag. 
The restaurant is in the lobby of the Ritz Carlton and is both beautiful and comfortable. I had been for dinner before, when the lighting is low and the rich reds and purples of the decor more intense. In the light of day, the ambiance is still rich and pretty but not as intense. The seating is plush and comfy - I enjoyed being able to relax into the couch-style seating at my table while enjoying my meal!
I planned to try the $22 lunch tasting menu, but ultimately decided against it as they did not have the lobster roll on the day I visited (I am guessing that Hurricane Irene may have effected their ability to procure crustaceans - the crab in the soup I ordered was replaced by shrimp, as well). My meal began with good bread with very, very good butter. I ate more bread than I intended because it was such a good vehicle for the butter. Mmm, buttery goodness. That was followed by a chilled carrot soup, which was thick and flavorful with a generous serving of large shrimp. (It was not quite as amazing as Sam's chilled carrot soup at Sycamore, but that's not really a fair benchmark now is it?). I also wanted to try the mini soft pretzels that were available as part of the tasting menu, and was able to order them as a side with my burger - unexpected but appreciated! I really liked the pretzels, they were a nice size and the pretzels themselves were full of flavor. I loved the jalapeno jam; the cheddar dipping sauce was good but could have used a little something (beer? hot sauce?). The burger was cooked exactly as requested and was messy and delicious. I'm not exactly sure what was served on it, but it had a lot of great flavor - definitely worth going back for. 
Service was attentive without being overbearing. I felt genuinely welcomed by everyone, from the hostess to my waitress to the server who brought my bread basket. It's clear that they choose their staff well and hold them to a high expectation for service - I'm surprised by how brusque or just inattentive servers have sometimes been even at Philadelphia's best restaurants, so it is a great pleasure to dine somewhere that clearly values their customers' experiences. I'll be back!My fiance' and I went to 10 Arts to celebrate his promotion.  It was a weeknight after the big snow storms we had and most people were still snowed-in... needless to say, the dining room was quite empty but allowed for the PERFECT intimate dinner.  The setting at The Ritz Carlton is very nice!  
Our meal was amazing!  We started off with the Chicken Soup (with alphabet noodles!! great touch) which was by FAR the best chicken soup we've ever had!  The chicken flavor was so fresh and robust!  We also got the grilled shrimp apetizer... it took me by surprise when it came out with the heads still attached (eyes staring at me), but I qietly removed them and set aside... the taste was out of this world!.  For our main course, I got the striped bass and he got the special (a HUGE porterhouse steak).  Both were VERY delicious!  The presentation of our desert was so cool that I took a picture with my phone!  Not only was it presented beautifully, it tasted AMAZING!  It was Banana Creme Brule with Peanut Sorbet and Chocolate.... YUMMMY!! 
We will definitely be back!So my girlfriend and I stopped by for drinks only. So this is a bias review in that sense.
The drinks were very good. Creative and flavorful. The service was spot on and speedy. Our server was well informed about the drink selections and cute to boot.
The setting is very trendy and the crowd was welcoming.
So a short review. If you're in the area and want to stop for a drink, 10 Arts is a great choice.
IF YOU ENJOYED MY REVIEW, PLEASE RATE IT AND SEND ME A COMMENT!I came here with my girlfriend during restaurant week. I got to the restaurant a little early and hung out at the bar until she arrived. The bar had some amazing happy hour specials including half price apps on everything except for the oysters. They also had $5 glasses of wine on 6 or 7 wines. The happy hour was one of the best I've ever seen.
I started the three course meal with salmon ceviche. The salmon was very flavorful and was the perfect start to the meal. My girlfriend had the creamy cauliflower soup and it also was very nice. I ordered the Berkshire pork chop for dinner. It had great flavor but it was overcooked and not quite juicy enough. My girlfriend ordered the trout and it looked incredible. I was jealous.
For dessert we split the carrot hazelnut cake and white chocolate semifreddo. The carrot hazelnut cake wasn't a traditional carrot cake, but had a cream cheese sorbet and was absolutely incredible. 
I don't think I would ever eat dinner here outside of restuarant week, but the happy hour has to be one of the better ones in the city. I'll def come back for some drinks and light eats the next time I'm in the area.don't go here for lunch if you are thinking about getting good service or good food.  we waited forever for our sandwiches despite the place being nearly empty.  my friend's was some steak sandwich that was so incredibly greasy she could barely eat it-the baguette it was on was soaked through with grease.  my fish sandwich was also very greasy and overpriced at $19 and tasted like something you could get at wendy's even though I have never eaten a fish sandwich at wendy's or any other fastfood location. my point it that it tasted and felt cheap and generic.  
the worst part was not the food, however. it was the service.  there were about 5 active people wandering around the place recleaning the same table over and over and over again and rearranging the plates and silverware.  I had to ask 3 different people for our check because our waitress was in la-la land and never checked on us again after she gave us the food. and it still did not come after about 10-15 minutes, so i had to actually get up and go find someone to get us the damn check.  and then no one was there to give us back our coats they had checked, so i had to just go back into the closet and retrieve our coats back myself.  ridiculous place. hopefully evening is better but something tells me they are just as out to lunch even at dinner.Love this place from top to bottom!!!
Chic with the scent of old fashion high ceiling. The light was perfect. Dreamy!!!
The food was spectacular. First time having trout in an upscale place & it was so awesome! Simple pasta dish was done right & that was something to keep an upscale restaurant apart.
Everything was so right including the service. Delicious & great experience reminded me why we love to dine out!One time during a Top Chef vegetarian challenge, Jen Carroll made an offhand remark about how she can cook without meat...when she HAS to. Based on the 10 Arts menu, I'm not so sure. 
During a work lunch, an employee repeatedly warned me against the house salad, one of maybe 3 meatless options, none of which are entrees or even sandwiches. Our server steered me toward a $9 cup of the roasted corn chowder, which was perfectly edible, if a bit salty and lacking in roasty flavor. Lemonade was freshly made but the balance was tipped too far to the lemon juice side, and service throughout was friendly but lagging. 
Things were looking up during dessert. The kitchen sent out a sweet little amuse bouche with a perfect brownie bite and a marshmallow (not veggie, for those keeping track). My red velvet dessert, with cream cheese ice cream, was great, and my coworker's beignets and minty sauce were a pleasure to eat. 
The setting, a replica of the Roman Pantheon, is certainly spectacular, but I would send fellow vegetarians elsewhere unless you're looking for sweets.We saw that this place had mixed reviews, but as it was Saturday and didn't have reservations at any other place, we sprung for Eric Ripert as you can't go wrong with someone so knowledgeable as Eric. The place was pretty dead for a Saturday night, and we felt a little bad about that, but the atmosphere was nice... The restaurant is actually in a big old bank with a large open air space - so it's different and a little laid back. This was kind of a bonus considering we have a one-year old.  As for the food - I thought it was quite good. I had the salmon cured in olive oil for my main dish - which was very tasty. My wife ordered a cocktail and the salmon tartare.  Interestingly her cocktail was more expensive than her meal! ($15 for the drink and $13 for the meal). To be fair, the cocktail was pretty elaborate and contained moonshine along with a bunch of other hard to find items. All in all, this isn't the most eclectic place in Philadelphia, but if you're in a pinch and would like to try some good (kind of expensive) food, this is a good option.This is the second time I've been to this place. The first time was a total Top Chef stalking since my girlfriend and I wanted to see if we could get a photo with Jen Carroll and taste her food. This time, because we needed a second great meal. 
We were not disappointed. 
First off, the cocktail selection is great as well as the many different wines by the glass available. Tonight we tried a glass of house merlot (pretty good) and a Blackberry Manhattan (pretty awesome).
We weren't very hungry so we skipped apps. For entrees, I had the Pennsylvania Brook Trout which came on top of some baby bok choy along with an amazing brown butter glaze. I can't say enough about how well cooked and flavorful the dish was. Wow.
My girlfriend is vegetarian so she asked our server if the chef could mix something up for her. The waitress took a second to head back and check and came back with not one but two options! We chose the second one which was a corn filled ravioli. My girlfriend was in love with it at first bite.
Dessert was the Beignets and pastry chef Monica Glass added in two plates of Petit Fores. We loved the delicate little cakes but the beignets were a little off for my taste but I really didn't complain much as I ate them all up.
Overall this was a wonderful meal. We ended up spending about $120 (including tip) for the 2 of us. 
A note about the feel of the place. This is where problems could arise since the place is sitting right in the middle of a hotel lobby. But they do a fine job separating it while still enabling us to feel the energy of the gorgeous lobby. But to be a tiny bit critical, we can't wait to see Jen win Top Chef this year and open her own place that is a bit more focused (space wise).
Go here while you can. You will not be unhappy.I had looked at the menu when I saw Jen on Top Chef but the menu didn't seem interesting. Then my friend from NYC wanted to go to this restaurant because he and his wife were excited to see what the top chef contestant has to offer in her restaurant.
As appetizers we had the heirloom tomato salad, grilled octopus, cobb salad, and calamari. The grilled octopus was the best thing here but still not as good as the one from Raddichio. The calamari could be easily confused with the one from Olive Garden and the heirloom salad looks like something my  year-old niece could put together.
Okay...so I held my reservation until the dinner. We had the Striped Bass with "Baby Bok Choi", Short Ribs, Roast Chicken, and Salmon.
The Striped Bass was unflavorful and the bok choi wasn't bok choi at all...they was scallions (gasp). Short ribs were okay but have had better at other places. Roast chicken was cooked nicely but too much salt (I rarely complain about too much salt as I like things slightly over-salted). The salmon was just plain at best.
So it's between 1 and 2 stars.  I feel like giving 1 star but the meal wasn't atrocious...just very very forgettable. But I had to try it once, I guess.Disappointment = The Act of Disappointing. 
10 Arts = The Expensive Art of Disappointing. 
Rather than starting my bitch list about this place, I have decided to take the high road and recommend 10 Edible Arts and Crafts that you can do at home. 
1. Marzipan Pottery 
2. Vegetable Puppets 
3. Carrot Prints 
4.Turtle Bread 
5. Fruit Leather Purse 
6. Vegetable Landscapes 
7. Sandwich Art 
8. Mini Bread Monsters 
9.Cookie Paintings 
10. Log Cabins (no political ties) 
For the location, the price and to compete with other Philadelphia Restaurants in this price range they need to do simply much, much better. I guess if the do not improve soon, we will need to review the next restaurant at this location. Looking forward to it. 
For more information on edible crafts please go to FamilyFun.comFirst time at 10 Arts last night and I have to say it was a great experience. What really blew me away was actually spotting Eric Ripert in the back lobby of the Ritz Carlton on my way in! I was super geeked out and regret not asking for a picture. The ambiance is very cool; a mix of classic and modern which I like. The food was outstanding; my husband and I both ordered off of the menu and my best friend and her boyfriend ordered off the restaurant week menu. Everyone was happy. The service was impeccable too. I would highly recommend it. I can't wait to go back!I'm a fan of the decor.  That was a great martini, and the ambiance was well worth the price of the drink.  Downtown on business, a colleague and I stopped in for a bite to eat and a drink.  I do understand that the Chef just changed.  We'll give him/her some time to settle in, then we'll return.  Such a large space, it took a bit of time to get our meal, temperature was little cool for my taste. 
I plan on returning in a few weeks for lunch again.How long would you be willing to wait for a fantastic, memorable meal?  How long would you be willing to wait for a really good meal?  How long would you wait for a decent meal?
Those questions begged for an answer last night, as the DH and I sat for close to FOUR hours at this restaurant, trying, mostly in vain, to enjoy a five course meal.  It wasn't any other night,  Ms. Top Chef, was in the kitchen, (or she was supposed to be as she was shaking hands and kissing babies on the dining floor), it was her night in the big lights, as the season opener of Top Chef 10 was being shown on all screens.  Featuring Ms. Jennifer Carroll and her winning Top Chef dishes. Oy vey.
Of all nights, this night should have been the night when Ms. Top Chef and her kitchen shone - pulled out all the stops - and impress their adoring foodie public. However, this was not to be - I was not impressed in the least. I was utterly and completely disappointed. Angry, even. The meal, our experience from beginning to end, was totally average, almost bordering on not so good at all. Top Chef, my derrière.
First of all, the kitchen became mysteriously slammed (the bar was packed - not many eaters there- and the dining room was about two-thirds full-- and servers just hanging around) and the service took on an immediate glacial pace.  This really set the tone for the entire night.  Had we not ordered the tasting menu, we would have left before the second course was even served.
The first two courses of our tasting menu, a ceviche, and steamed mussels  (two dishes that should not take that long to plate)  took nearly two hours to serve. TWO hours.  For TWO very mediocre dishes.   Meanwhile,  a large number of VIPs who had arrived long after us lowly general public, were being served quickly - in front of our very eyes, and we seemed just a general afterthought.
The final three courses, improved sightly, a poached halibut was served very dry, with little flavor - the only saving grace being the accompanying peppercorn lobster bourbon sauce.  Followed by, our fourth course, a kobe skirt steak that was cooked to the correct temperature, but served not even warm.  Which brings me to the following, did I mention that save for the ceviche (of course), all meals were less than room temperature - even with the accompanying sauces?  Yes, it seemed as though each dish had been assembled and set aside and forgotten about.  To wait three and a half hours, for a semi-warm, not terribly special or delicious meal, at $75 a pop - I felt cheated... and almost violent.  Obviously, I had set my expectations pretty high for Ms. Top Chef and her Ripert-approved cuisine.
Finally, the only star that shone that night, were the desserts. None of which were prepared by Ms. Top Chef, but her pastry chef Monica Glass. Thank god for that dish - a delectable take on S'mores - graham cracker ice cream (sweet jesus!), soft chocolate, toasted marshmallows and pomegranate.  That dish brought me to my senses, but only temporarily.
The real nail in the coffin though, was that our meal only ended nearly four hours later, and though we got complimentary glasses of dessert wine (which was appreciated), we also got the bill - a hefty one at that.  Had we experienced an incredible meal, even within that time frame, perhaps I would have been more forgiving, but an average meal? With no true, balanced service progression, on a night that was supposed to be a true representation of 10Arts' worth, with meals served barely lukewarm and then we've got to fork over the $300?  We felt robbed. Basic and simple. Not tempted to give this place another chance, I don't think my wallet or my schedule could afford that.The lamb shank was amazing, and quite possibly the reason I will go back to this restaurant, other than the wonderful service. As newlyweds, my husband and I went in for a romantic dinner, and were pleased with the service. The maitre d and our waitress should be commended on their hospitality. Many other swanky restaurants we've visited have felt uptight and stiff, but not 10 Arts. My husband and I felt very welcomed, never rushed, and very happy. Overall, 10 Arts is not just about food,--it's a dining experience of its own, and everyone should live it at least once.A nice breakfast with great service. Easy  way to start off a day. Recommend their fresh squeezed orange juice its refreshing.It used to be, a few years ago, that you could go to the Ritz during the holiday season and get this fabulous hot chocolate tray, while you basked in the shadow of a giant gingerbread house.  Sadly, this isn't so, since they've remodeled and are now trying too hard to be trendy.   
I wouldn't have a problem with the trendy aspect of it, if the service hadn't sucked to the point of us being on the verge of canceling our order.   At the last minute, our mini burgers FINALLY arrived, after waiting 45 minutes for them.    This probably wouldn't have been as painful as it was, had we not had our two small children with us, one who was excited about the prospect of this hyped-up hot chocolate I had promised him.   The staff, while trying to seem apologetic, fell short of the mark.   Top this off with us having to wait nearly a half an hour for the valet to get our car (also pretty much a forced "I don't really care" apology), and you've got your final nail in the coffin, here.  
Sadly, this isn't the first bad/lukewarm review of this Ritz Carlton.  But you can be sure, it will definitely be my last.   Sorry Ritz, and I mean that insincerely.Fine dining at the Ritz Carlton Hotel brings a lot of high expectations,I came in here from a doctors appt and basically had on sweatpants and a dress shirt,the original plan was to stop at the Kmart on Market st and change into dress pants in their fitting room and pay on the way out (was a mgr for Kmart for many years and have done this quite a few times lol) but as usual I was late.When I arrived I was greeted by an extremely friendly young lady who seated me right away.I always say that when you dine in these places the service is always top notch,but the service here was simply the best I've had yet,the waitress was incredibly nice and at my table almost every time I turned around which was a good thing since I needed to get to work.Now let's talk about the food
Bun--nice bun could've been whole wheat it was different from anything I've had yet
Meat--very good,between the meat and the service they easily get 4 stars
Toppings-- average,really nothing to brag about I like my burgers to be a little unique such as Rembrandts tavern with the fried pork belly and egg
I'm glad that I got away with wearing sweatpants(they didn't care at all) I heard about a place that puts scrapple and egg on their burgers so that is my next missionEric Ripert + Jennifer Caroll = top o' my Philadelphia dining list.  Indeed, Moms and I rolled into town, valeted the car, and went directly into the 10 Arts dining room...
...which is swanky and luxe.  Also purple and pink.  But if any man can rock purple and pink brocade, it's Eric Ripert.  The bar and dining area are right in the middle of the Ritz Carlton lobby, which itself is grand and gorgeous.  An all-around lovely and sophisticated setting for a double-Top-Chef lunch.
We went with the "5 Bite Lunch," at an affordable $22.  You get your choice of bev -- a Victory beer or a non-alcoholic selection; your choice of app -- soft pretzels with a trio of dipping sauces or watercress soup on our visit; your choice of two sliders -- lobster roll, cheeseburger, or fish burger; a salad; and dessert.   
I couldn't tell you what the non-alcoholic drink option was (I doubt many could).  Moms got the Prima Pils, and I went with the Golden Monkey, because who wouldn't?  Both were excellent.  And between the two of us, we sampled everything on the 5 Bite menu.  We liked the nicely salty, silky soup a bit better than the pretzels, although the accompanying jalapeño jam was a perfect topping for them.  All of the sliders were pleasing, too.  Moms' cheeseburger was cooked perfectly medium-rare, and we both thought the lobstah roll -- really more like lobster salad -- was delicious with tender chunks of meat.  The romaine heart salad was slightly overdressed but tasted lemony and fresh.  And dessert was a black raspberry sorbet and pistachio gelato sampler with butter cookies.  The gelato was out.of.this.world with an amaretto undertone.  And just when we thought we couldn't stuff anything else down our pieholes, our waiter swept in with a plate of the daintiest, most precious dessert bites compliments of the pastry chef.  An après bouche?  The caramel corn cluster and sliver of salted brownie were divine.
Service was excellent.  It appears that the 10 Arts lunch crowd leans heavily towards the businessperson, and the servers here know how to keep things moving.  
The cherry on our lunch cake was when Jenn Carroll herself came out to the dining room to chat with an associate.  I don't care much about actors and other celebrities, but I was star-struck, furiously snapping pics like food-stalking paparazzo.  Now, if only Eric Ripert's luscious lips had made an appearance...
[Top Chef(s): Eric Ripert & Jennifer Carroll]Wow! Loved the food at 10 Arts, from the tuna tartare and mussels appetizers, to the lamb loin and striped bass entrees, and finally the light-as air beignets for dessert, everything was delicious, beautifully presented and creatively flavored! The service was prompt and attentive, and the menu items were well explained. The restaurant itself is on the outer edge of the rotunda which is an impressive space with its huge marble columns. Unfortunately the rotunda does create a bit of an echo effect so it was not as quiet as it could have been. Nevertheless, this seating area was quiet enough for conversation. The prices at 10Arts are high so I would reserve it for a special occasion or an expense account meal.Zero stars. Is it possible to give negative stars?
Went to 10 arts (this was the 2nd time, my first visit was great) with the intent of impressing out of town guests. And impressed they were--with the columns, ambiance, and  soaring ceilings. After placing our orders, our guests admired the surroundings and we settled in for good conversation with great company.
An hour later, we were still waiting for our food. Our waiter gave some ridiculous excuse: "Your steak (which was ordered medium well) is holding up the rest of the dishes." blah blah blah blah blah. Another 10 minutes passed, and each of the seven ordered dishes slowly began to trickle out of the kitchen--the steak frites was last to reach the table, and to be honest, looked really unappetizing. A few bites in, and we all realized that the steak didn't just look bad, it WAS bad. The chef sent out a plate of spoiled meat from her kitchen. Yuck.
Service was mediocre. We waited around a half hour to have our empty glasses refilled, and the restaurant wasn't even busy on our saturday night visit. The manager wasn't particularly gracious, and we weren't offered a dessert menu or coffee after our meal. Perhaps they knew that we wanted to leave asap?
In all, I'm incredibly embarrassed to have taken my visitors here. Never, ever again. Totally unrecommended.We love the Ritz...in general anywhere in the world.  The rooms and service is always top notch.  The atrium lounge/bar at the Ritz is a comfortable, buzzy place to get a drink and see/be seen.  Unfortunately, I must share with you the restaurant is less than a stellar experience for multiple reasons.  We made a reservation for Friday night, later in the evening, pretty far in advance.  Things began to go downhill the minute we walked in the door - there was a large crowd/event in the bar, we had to wait for the host to show up for us to check-in, they were not using the main restaurant dining room because they didn't have enough reservations, we were sat (as were others) beside the bar, service was good, food was average at best.  We politely shared our experience with the host and a manager at reservations - nothing happened.  I sent an email to the Ritz and received no response.
Don't waste your time at the restaurant!  There are so many other places for you to enjoy your evening and spend your well earned money.As a fan of Top Chef, I was really looking forward to eating here! Went here on a weeknight as a party of four. It wasn't busy in the restaurant at all and we had made reservations so there was no problem with seating. I agree with all the reviews speaking highly of the ambiance of the place.
I ordered the salmon tartare to start, the Pennsylvania brook trout (with bok choy and brown butter sauce) and ended with cannelloni for dessert. Everything was great! My trout became so saturated in the butter sauce that it was becoming too much but it was still very delicious. 
So the highlight of the night was when Top Chef's Jennifer Carroll came on the floor and spoke to some guests at a table nearby. At that point I became soooo excited and nervous but when she visited our table, she was the nicest person and just very welcoming. She even took 3 pictures with us because the first 2 were in the dark dining room and we didn't have a camera with flash. She gave us a tour of the kitchen and that was also where we took a better picture in the light. 
So overall I had a great experience. Since it was a weeknight I was able to find street parking after driving around for a bit. The service was very good and everyone was friendly and accommodating. I'm not a foodie, I just like to go out to eat food that isn't disgusting and have a good time with friends. I would come back to 10 Arts but maybe for lunch next time.(I just realized that this has been saved in my Yelp for nearly a year!  Still deserves posting, though this review was written for a meal in March of 2011)
For starters, I was 100% compelled to join Yelp based solely upon our amazing experience at 10 Arts last night.  My boyfriend and I have been looking forward to dining at 10 Arts since Chef Jen Carroll starred on the Las Vegas season of Top Chef.  Our anniversary seemed the perfect night for such a dinner.
In summary,  
The staff is on top of everything:  We were greeted with a 'Happy Anniversary!' by the hostess (i'm guessing this had something to do with the bf and Open Table, but it was a lovely touch nonetheless). Our waiter was polite and friendly and totally on top of the service.  The front of the house lady circulated around the dining room the whole time, checking in and explaining the ingredients of the different dishes.  Chef Jen was out on the floor multiple times, checking on guests and chatting.   She is really friendly and approachable; getting to chat with her so casually was totally unexpected.  
Most importantly, the food is amazing: I was impressed with every course.   The Chef's Tasting is the way to go- Five courses of deliciousness.  Every course had tons of flavor and a little something special.  Last night was tuna tartar, salt cod (soup), bass, short rib, and a deconstructed chocolate mint dessert.  The dessert was really fun and the short rib is to die for.  Also, the cocktails are really tasty-  I had the Berries and Bubbly.
We had an amazing evening that ended with a special complementary anniversary dessert plate.  The attention to detail and the beautiful ambiance made
Definitely a special occasion locale and an amazing one at that.I hadn't been to the Ritz-Carlton in a while, so I was surprised to see that its newest restaurant, 10 Arts, literally takes up the entire lobby area (which was formerly a bar and cocktail/dining area for the hotel). There's definitely been a lot of hype surrounding 10 Arts so I was expecting more and was a bit let down. 
The food was good, but not mind-blowing. At 10 Arts, you can expect higher end comfort food...great mac & cheese, freshly made tagliatelle, burgers, great fries, corn chowder, etc...paired with a pretty good wine list.
The service was impeccable - the friendly and attentive host & waiter staff was similar to those you'd come across at The Fountain Room at the Four Seasons or Lacroix at the Rittenhouse Hotel. The service gets 5 stars for sure. I do agree that the space feels cold, especially when it the restaurant isn't full. The ceilings and columns in the space are beautiful but so high that being surrounded by marble feels a bit unwelcoming.
Final thoughts...
For the quality food and impeccable service, I really would have given 10 Arts 4 stars. But I think a rating over 4 stars means you plan to make a return visit. It's a place I'm happy to have tried once yet have no desire to return to. I'd rather spend a little less money on similar well-made comfort food elsewhere or for the money, ambiance, and hype I would hope for something more unexpected and a higher level of fine dining.Food and drinks were fabulous.  The restaurant is not completely secluded from the main hotel bar which provides an open lively atmosphere.  I had the rabbit and my boyfriend the short ribs.  Both were mouth watering...it took everything we had not to lick the plates clean!  The staff was very friendly and the sommelier ended up chatting with us for a while at the end of our meal.  All in all, a very enjoyable experience.It's my last night here at Philly and I just finished my 3rd meal at 10 Arts within a week (I'm lazy and I'm staying somewhere close).  To summarize, it's 3 star food and serious 5+ star service, thus the 4 star rating.  Read on if you want details.
I dined at the restaurant in the lounge area for all 3 meals (twice with dinner and once with lounge menu).  Like I said, the food is okay but the service is excellent.  My waitress for all 3 meals is a very cute girl, who remembered me by my 2nd visit.  
I ordered the corn chowder the 2nd time.  Loved it and ordered it again the 3rd time.  It smelled/tasted burnt.  I was hesitant to tell the waitress because I can't believe Eric Ripert's restaurant would serve burnt soup.  I thought my brain/nose were just retarded after a week-long science conference.  The waitress immediately brought the soup back to the chef w/o me asking.  The chef told her it might be the smoked salt but I said it was fine the last time.  The waitress said that's what she told the chef.  The chef made a small tasting portion (espresso-cup size) for me.  It still smelled a bit burnt but tasted better.  So she custom-made me another bowl of corn chowder.  The chef brought it out herself and apologized for the previous soup.  Like my boyfriend said, "That's the mark of a really nice restaurant, when they not only correct is, but custom make it and make sure it's okay."
I was watching the TV (Stanley Cup) in the lounge during the meal.  The bartender switched it to NBA Finals game.  One of them came out of the bar and asked me if that was okay.  Apparently he noticed I was watching the hockey and wanted to know if it was all right to switch the channel.  Of course!  The fact that he even noticed that and made the effort to ask me and chat with me about sports for a few minutes was really amazing.  
So in total, I've had 1 fish entree, a 1-person portion of roasted chicken, corn chowder twice, 1 fried calamari, 2 different desserts, and a few beers (no, not in ONE meal but over THREE; I'm not an oinker).  The fish and roasted chicken were equally okay/edible but not great, although Eric Ripert is known for seafood.  I think I'm paying for Eric Ripert's fame and the location (inside Ritz Carlton) more than the food.  But at least I know I'll get decent food, or if not, the chef will make it so it would fit my taste (see above corn chowder example).  
If you want great food, go somewhere else or try his NY restaurant.  If you want decent food, nice lounge to chill and relax over a few drinks and a ball game on TV, and awesome service, this is your place.Staying at the Ritz so I decided To hang at the bar to watch the Football game last night. The bartender is cold and has and attitude. The other staffs at the bar also have no customer service skills. 
With cocktail at $16 and situated in the opulent Ritz Carlton, I expected a much more service-minded staffs. 
Save your money and go hang at the local restaurant bars nearby. They will treat you with better customer service and won't charge you arms and legs.After reading the reviews of other Yelpers, my expectations were set pretty low for my 10 Arts dining experience. I think my low expectations were a bit too high.
I made my reservations over 6 months ago, because it was Penn graduation weekend, and my parents really wanted to go there for their wedding anniversary. I called ahead, the reservationist was pleasant on the phone. Any special occasions? Yes, anniversary. Any allergies in your party? Yes, my boyfriend is of a delicate constitution. So I thought I was all set. Wrong. Disappointingly wrong. 
My party of 5 got there right on time, but they didn't have the "quiet booth seating" that I requested for my aging and hearing impaired parents. No, we were in the middle of the lobby, with a full view of the kitchen door. When we requested to be reseated, we were rudely told that other people had reservations and there was nothing that could be done, despite the fact that the restaurant was half empty at the time.
On to the food: 
Prior reviewers recommended the octopus. I must say, not much about that dish was exciting. Octopus is not supposed to be rubbery, so I don't know that cooking it correctly merits any points for culinary excellence. The eggplant that came with it was mediocre. The corn chowder was a bowl of spicy, wet corn. The foie gras was fine. The server who served my poor mother her shrimp bisque spilled half of it on the table and didn't bring out a replacement bowl. Really? The entrees were even worse. I ordered the striped bass and it came out raw. I had to send it back. Not even slightly undercooked. Not sushi style tuna. Just plain raw. And the waitress didn't even take it off the bill. The waitress was also all over pushing the sides. My mother took her up on it and ordered a side of the saltiest mashed potatoes ever. I was glad they were there so at the very least, I had something to eat while I was waiting for the bass to cook. The steak frites were fine. The  trout was buttery, and cooked. 
As an aside, I thought the portions were really big for a fine dining restaurant. Maybe if they put a little TLC into their preparation, instead of sending out half a raw fish, the experience would have been a bit better. Needless to say, we didn't stay for dessert.
ERIC RIPERT, you should be ashamed.Walking into the revived historic atmosphere of this place was very cool - and it was downhill from there.  Mediocre food was made worse by truly terrible service (and I rarely complain about service).  I saw a $54 bottle of wine for $9 in the PA distributor the next day - I know there's always a restaurant mark-up, but 600% seems a bit much.  Maybe I went on a bad night, but I don't think I'll give them a second chance to prove me wrong.The ambience is beautiful and modern.  We went for restaurant week and were not disappointed by the food, cocktails or service.I went to 10 Art's for the Top Chef Premier Party and I had a great time. The cocktails were wonderful we had the Manhattan, Maple Ginger Press, Ri-Pear, and a Dirty Martini. My favorite was the Maple Ginger Press, you have to get this if you're ever at 10 Arts. My friend did the tasting menu of Chef Jen Carrol's favorite Top Chef dishes and he loved it. I'm a vegetarian and surprisingly I had a ton of options. I had the celeriac soup, which was wonderful, the casserole of seasonal vegetables and for dinner I had their vegetarian option which was pasta. It was absolutely amazing. We also indulged in a few desserts: Smore's, Spice Cake, Pettis Fours, and Beignets. My favorite was the Spice Cake, but they were all amazing! I'd honestly go here and just eat the desserts (they have a dessert bar every Saturday that I'm DYING to check out). I will definitely be back to try lunch and the dessert bar. Also, the waitstaff was great!Was pretty impressed by the food and service at Le Bernardin so thought I wanted to try Eric Ripert's restaurant in Philly even though he's not the chef.  I have to say if Ripert's name wasn't part of the restaurant name, this place wouldn't be half as popular.  The setting, food, and service was completely mediocre.
The restaurant is in the lobby of Ritz Carlton, and yeah, the lobby looked pretty nice but do you really want to eat a supposedly gourmet meal in a lobby?  There's really no difference between eating at 10 Arts and eating at the hotel bar.
Also, the food wasn't that great either, but that could be because we waited an average of 20 minutes for each course.  I'm not sure what took so long since the restaurant was somewhat empty.  In terms of what I had, the foie gras was tasty, the cod was pretty good, but don't get the trout.  It didn't have much taste and the sauce was too heavy.
All in all, I wouldn't go back to this restaurant again, and my opinion of Eric Ripert has decreased somewhat.Dinner party: husband and girlfriend
Overall rating: AMAZING! Everything was FABULOUS.  I mean it is inside the Ritz so it better be right? :)
Appetizer: Grilled Octupus, Salmon Tartar (little spice which was yummy!), Pork Belly,Tuna Tartare, 
Entree: I had the Striped Bass (so light and good!), hubby had short rib (yummo sauce) and friend had the Wild Salmon :)
Wine: Cab - can't remember name but it was super yummmy from Spain.  This was a reco from the manager
Dessert: My favorite part! Banana creme brulee, Blood Orange (my fave), Goat cheese filled candy sticks and then bread pudding dish!
They also brought out macaroons and rainbow deserts - yumm!!!!
Ambiance = 5  stars
Staff = 5 stars
Food = 5 stars
Vino = 5 stars
Go on special occasions or when you want a feel great about yourself meal, you won't regret it!There is definitely a wow factor as soon as you enter the Ritz. Multiple doormen open the doors and great you and once you are in you can't help but pause and take in the beauty of the lobby. Surrounded by columns and amazing lighting and filled with interesting people drinking cocktails around the bar, the Ritz lobby is something everyone should see! The bistro is set off to the side which is great because you can enjoy the view while you dine. It is a fabulous hotel but doesn't feel too dressy and the atmosphere is laid back and stress free. Out service was excellent and my food (cauliflower soup to start followed by the scallops) was delicious. Highly recommend!Yes, I came here because of Top Chef. Maybe that swayed my opinion then and my memory even now. It was a couple years ago for my mom's birthday, and she loved the food. To be honest, that always sways my opinion...she is hard to please. It doesn't usually go "the fancier the better," either, but we loved the decor, the seating, the service, and the food, so that's like the triple (quadruple?) threat of food happiness. I also enjoyed the food, a lot. It was rich and cher accordingly, but I think for a special occasion, it's worth it. Would like to have gone back again in the interim to be able to give a more relevant, up to date review, but c'est la vie.We came here for our small wedding dinner with immediate family and were treated wonderfully by the staff; congratulations desserts, personally signed menus, gifts from the ritz-carlton; it was special. 
Speaking of amazing, the food was outstanding, I ordered the filet and it was cooked perfectly, every side was seasoned to perfection. The entire meal from start to finish was impressive. We'll be coming back here again!Had a lovely Christmas Eve dinner with the family here. Very attentive wait staff and the dinner choices were delicious.Not impressed at all.  Overpriced, rather tasteless food.  Not surprised since this is a hotel restaurant -- think  Denny's and La Quinta.   Much better places to eat in the area.Went here for restaurant week last year and it was good, but not great.
The portions were kind of small and the menu was VERY limited.
I got the salmon tartar which was good and tried the caesar salad, which was all one big piece and grilled which was kinda weird. 
It's a nice atmosphere and makes you feel fancy.
I was kind of annoyed because we had a reservation and they made us wait at the bar and we felt obligated to get a drink while we were waiting. But then they forgot to transfer the drink to the bill so it was their loss!You have the lure of being in the Ritz, where you can find a damn fine dirty martini, and you have the lure of the Top Chef lady, who seriously kicks ass. The former goes to booze and ambiance, but the latter goes to food. 
And the food is pretty good. Damn good, fine, but not fabulous and amazing. Not even memorable beyond being that fancy kind of good, much like any Ritz hotel lobby.Came here today for Sunday brunch. They offer a buffet in addition to the al a carte menu - which is essentially everything on the menu except the cheese steak and eggs.
So for a place once associated with Eric Ripert and once helmed by top chef alum Jen Carol  - my expectations were high. 
At the end of the meal - all I could think was how underwhelmed I was.
Nothing was really impressive, nor was anything terrible. Just an average breakfast at a very high price in a nice setting.I'm going to say this right off the bat: if you don't want to spend a lot of money for fine cuisine, don't go here. It's pricey, but it's in the Ritz-Carlton Hotel in Philly, are you really expecting it to not be expensive? Aside from that, it's owned by a Top Chef judge, and his executive chef came close to winning Top Chef in her season. Anyway, I digress.
My friends and I are all middle-class people just out of college, but we decided to get all dressed up and have a fancy dinner someplace nice in the city, and 10 Arts was where we ended up. We had a lovely time. We went on a Wednesday night and the place was deserted; it felt like we had the restaurant to ourselves. The wait staff was very professional and attentive. We had wine, appetizers of octopus and tuna carpaccio, and entrees of rabbit and lobster ravioli. Everything tasted divine. I tried everything everyone ordered, and all of the food was flavored well and tasted sensational. The variety of the menu made me want to try new things I hadn't eaten before, and that's exactly what I did. Yes, the portions were small, but it was all delicious (and filling) so it didn't matter.
Chef Jen wasn't there, but I still enjoyed my experience all the same. Very cool place to dine if you want to be adventurous with your food and don't mind paying a little extra for it.First I guess I need to apologize to the Ritz for not wearing my Jimmy Choo boots and Scandal cape when I walked in here.  I have been to the Ritz many times with my Mom and daughters for tea, for happy hour with friends, have been a hotel guest and for business.  My sister and I walked up to a table and asked to join a lady who was sitting by herself at a large table.  The lady was gracious and was welcoming so we sat down.  As soon as we put our things down a waitress comes over and tells us we cannot sit there as a group is waiting for the table. Oh, but we could sit over there she said - pointing across the room.  I told her I did not see a reserved sign and the lady who was sitting at the table did not mind.  She changed her mind and said if you want to sit here then sit here.  but the damage had been done.  I felt unwelcome and embarrassed.  My sister and I moved which is the next part.  the waiter came over to take our order and he was not pleasant at all either.  I asked about the happy hour specials and he told us about the drinks and that the only available food items were fish and chips and dough bites.  really, I know there is a happy hour menu.  I asked what happened to the menu as I have been here before.  He proceeds to say - "i don't make the rules." he never brought over the menu.  all we wanted was a cocktail and a some food before heading out shopping.  My sister does not come into the city very often and I thought she would enjoy the happy hour and beautiful decorations.   I do need to add that the waitress who asked us to move did come over later with complimentary pretzel bites.  it will be a while before I return here again.Loved our first visit to 10 Arts. We're big fans of Jen on Top Chef and I was a little nervous that my high expectations might leave me feeling disappointed with reality, but it did not disappoint. 
Wine at the bar with perfect service started the evening off right. Once we were seated, I was pleasantly surprised to find the $35 3-course set-price menu offered as well as the regular menu. And the entree I wanted was on the set menu so bonus! :) Bread and apps were spot-on. My PA brook trout was simply perfect and my boyfriend says his braised short rib was very tasty and tender. Beautiful and decadent desserts and a glass of madiera topped off the evening without being so heavy we'd need to be rolled home. They even sent over a lovely little extra plate of treats for my birthday.
Looking forward to heading back again sometime. (GO JEN!)This was some of the best food I have ever had. 
The husband and I went for the top chef all stars premier which was a great decision because the special was a five course meal featuring entrees Chef Jen made during the season she was on the show.
The website said it would be a special night with the promotional menu and the chef greeting guests all night so we didn't expect to be rushed through anything. which for us is nice. who wants to be served five courses quickly? Our waiter also asked us from the start if we wanted to go slow and we said yes. good decision.
the portions weren't small, which was a plus since they were so delicious you wanted way more than two bites.
The were clams ceviche, mussels, halibut, skirt steak and a deconstructed s'mores.
the mussels and clams were delicious but the halibut! andthe skirt steak were the most incredible I have ever tasted.First I would like to say that I gave 10 Arts 5 stars but I want to do this with special exaltation.  Second, eating Ripert's food has changed me forever.  I also ate at Tinto during this stay (see review) and I know the food is different, but Ripert has perfect preparation, perfect waitstaff, and an impeccable approach. 
 Eric Ripert's 10 Arts is a not too busy restaurant in the bustling part of Philadelphia.  I think perhaps this is because you have to be present to eat Ripert's food.  It demands your attention.  The delicate wasabi sauce on the Tuna Tartar has a fragrance in your mouth that is so light, yet flavorful.  There is the so slightest taste of dill.  A drop of vinegar.  A little salt.  Moist tuna so treated as to not be treated.  James Dickey said you had to write a poem a hundred times to get the rewritten quality out of it.  This is Ripert's tuna.  The Philadelphia Trout brought me back to childhood.  There was the taste of butter and potato and a slight Dijon with brussel sprouts so good the sweetness lasted in my mouth until I got back to my hotel. I only hope it lingers until tomorrow.Grilled octopus app amazing and perfect.  Scallops mouthwatering - truffle was just enough not to overwhelm.  My colleagues steak too salty.  Overall service, atmosphere and food wonderful.Great, fresh flavorful food! The banana bread pudding dessert was amazing!  They had a side of Mac and Cheese that was very good as well. 
The service was attentive but not overly obtrusive. Overall, a great restaurant!If you want an escape from your middle class life, why not roll into the Ritz Carlton on a Saturday evening?  I think opulent is the correct word, or impressive.  Maybe I don't frequent high class establishments enough. 
Drinks were expensive, as expected. However, they had a decent beer selection for $5-7.  I guess even the Ritz can only mark up a beer so much.  Only MAJOR complaint was some of the patrons were being a little rowdy.  I'm all for getting drunk and loud, but not over $15 cocktails.  And if you are going to bother having a dress code, enforce it.  Sweat pants are not ' dressy casual'.  Sometimes you need to save the idiots from themselves, before they annoy the customers who almost have this place a 5 star rating.
Now I know reviews on Yelp are a little misleading sometimes.  How can the bar at the Ritz have 3 stars while Oscar's Tavern has 5 stars?  Its about perspective and expectations.  I come here, slap down $30 for 2 drinks and want to feel special.  And Besides the building/surroundings, I didn't get that.  It felt like a Manayunk bar in expensive sheep's clothing.  Don't get me wrong, I live in Manayunk and frequent the bar scene routinely, but again, its the Ritz... expectations.
I just want to know where a couple can go to have a quiet drink when they want to get all fancied up?  Is that so much to ask?
All that being said, I'll throw on a tie and attend $5 happy hour and feel important for a couple hours.  C'mon... It's the freakin' Ritz.OK first off, my wife was a big Jen Carrol fan and had been begging me to take her there for over a year. So we did a stay-cation in Philly and did a restaurants we have been dying to go to dining tour. Had two previous amazing nights out and hoped to finish the weekend off at 10 arts. Well maybe we should have quit while we were ahead.
Started out pretty badly, waited ten minutes to just get our drink order. Understandable on a Saturday night, but the dining room was maybe a quarter full. I ordered a Negroni and Chardonnay. Upon returning after what seemed like an inordinate amount of time, I was served the worst cocktail I have ever had anywhere on the face of the earth. I am a former bartender and have no idea how someone can get a drink that should equal parts vermouth, campari and gin to taste like a glass of chilled sweet vermouth. At least the bread was pretty darn good.
For appetizers I got the buffalo sweet breads, which were very good if a little bit chewier than preferred. My wife got the house salad, which was kind of a hot mess. The dressing pretty much tasted like salty garlic and the lettuce was really gritty. So at this point I'm praying for the main course to save this from being a disappointing night out.
And boy did I have time to pray...Enough time for me and my wife to go through a bread basket and a half. Finally the waiter brings the main course and quite frankly it turned from a miss to a full on I feel compelled to yelp about this train wreck of a dinner. I got the short rib, which quite frankly is one of my favorite meals. The short rib was perfectly tender. The dish probably should have stopped at that, sauce was a brown one dimensional salt bomb not so elegantly poured on top by our soul-patched waiter. My wife got the roast chicken, which quite frankly was inedible. Just WAY too salty and had the oddest deconstructed stuffing ever, are soggy strips of white bread fine dining? And at this point a scent of over used oil from a fryer started wafting into the dining room (area or whatever). That was it, tapped out... CHECK PLEASE! Oh forgot to meantion it was our fifth anniversary of dating and I let the restaurant know ahead of time. The soul-patched waiter begrudgingly spun a plate of cookies onto the table with the check and said "happy anniversary" and walked off. Then proceeded to take fifteen minutes to pick it back up, all along sitting in the dying room that smelt like a really crumby fry shack that doesn't change its fryer oil often. 
So to sum it up: Awkward atmosphere (unless you like the vague feeling you are dining in a train station concourse), Stick to the overly sweet signature drinks (Tip to waitstaff everywhere: if you are out of an ingredient to make something have the decency to alert a patron), Salt overkill, Where was the whole farm to table concept you preach Jen? (our visit was in early November and no semblance of a seasonal dishes or local ingredients) and lastly worst service I have ever seen at a fine dining restaurant. I have to say I got a lot of satisfaction last night when Jen got voted off top chef and threw a temper tantrum about her dish being perfect. Jen your a nice lady but your not Eric Ripert, being on TV doesn't make you a great chef. I think you need to be a little less reality star and more chef making her own mark because even if the dishes were seasoned better and the service was better the dishes would have still been ho-hum. I hate to say it but you reaffirmed my belief that when I venture into the city for a nice meal to stick to Vetri, Garces, Starr or an intimate BYOB. I really wanted to like it alot.I really wish I could give 3.5 stars for Jen, especially after representing Philly on Top Chef.  
But after dining with my wife, the food didn't merit more than 3 stars, and while we weren't disappointed, we won't be back until we try all the other good/great places nearby.
Every dish was good, but nothing was outstanding.  Hanger steak looked great, tasted okay.  Trout had a delicious sauce, but was fishy and the baby bok choy is a mistake.  Apps and desserts likewise are just okay.
So we won't be back, though we'll miss Jen and wish her the best.Well there were definitely hits and misses last night at the Top Chef viewing party. I arrived ahead of the rest of my party so I checked in then went to the bar. After sitting at a table near the bar for a while, it was so packed getting to the actually bar was not going to happen, a waitress finally wandered by. Took cocktail orders for me & the others in my party waiting. Several minutes later when the rest of my group arrived we flagged the same waitress down to let her know we were going to move to the restaurant. So we went and were seated right away. We waited several minutes to even be greeted by our waitress to get menus. We informed her we had ordered cocktails at the bar and were still waiting for them. A good 20 minutes later and still not drinks. Finally she returned with the cocktails minus mine. I had to reorder. So another 10 minutes go by and I get my drink. Not too upset I know the bar was slammed. We placed our orders and then began the waiting game again. 20 minutes later apps came out. I didn't order one because they all contain seafood. But I was told they were good. Now this was our shortest wait - about 10 minutes after the apps the salads & soups arrived. I ordered the Baby Beet salad which was very heavy on the salt. I mean to the point where you no longer got the natural sweetness of the beets coming through just salt. There were three varieties of beats diced into insanely small bits and made into slaw like salads of which there was about a table spoon of each on the plate. There was supposed to be goat cheese in there and I am assuming the overly salty dab of foam in the center was originally goat cheese at some point. 
So now we are waiting on main dishes. At this point we have reached the 10pm premiere mark for Top Chef. So now a gentleman in a suit came to fiddle with a flat screen tv that had been on the correct channel the whole time but muted. He proceeded to changed the channels just as the episode was starting. Messed up the input. Had to get someone else to help. So we missed a good five minutes of the premiere. Not a huge loss because that is just the intros & theme song but after finally getting it to work they turned the volume up full blast. We were in the small back room that is probably used for private parties normally, so we were all close to the TV anyway and this was deafening & annoying during commercials. 
We continue to wait for our mains. Now this cannot be all the fault of the kitchen. Because the waitstaff were spending a lot of time in the back of the room watching the premiere. Not checking on tables. Not checking on when the food is going to come out. Watching tv. I know it is the premiere. I know the chef is on the show. I know it is all very exciting and they are excited for her but seriously it is not like Bravo will not replay it into the ground all week. 
It is now about 10:30pm. Two hours in. We flag down our waitress and ask about the status of our food. She give a simple apology, promises to check. We ask for more bread, & refills on drinks as well as clear some used plated still sitting in front of us
. 
Our food comes out at about 11pm. Which I guess was convenient since we got to watch all the episode without the annoyance of actually eating. So Bravo plays an encore of the episode and we finally get our main dishes. I had the skirt steak. Which was nothing super special. It had a nice spicy kick but needed more acid. The two mandarin slices on the dish were not sufficient. So we finish up the main at around 11:30pm.
Our waitress wanders back and asked for coffee or tea orders and deposits the dessert menus. 10-15 minutes later we get our coffee & tea. Our dessert take another 5 minutes. About fives minutes after we get the desserts they bring out the petits fours for the coffee & tea. 
I ordered the Pear which was a panne cotta with small pear pearls, sunflower seeds, and tea ice cream, The ice cream was the star of the dish. 
So around 12am we get the check and settle up and collect our coats and leave. I am all for relaxed meals and leisurely dining but almost 4 hours is crazy.
Bottom line, the wait was ridiculous even on slammed night. The waitstaff were more concerned with watching the show than doing their jobs. And the food is far from worth the price tag. It will take something truly remarkable to get me to return.Friday night I dined at 10 Arts with 3 friends for 2 hours (I just wanted to throw another number in there).  And yes, we also went because 2 of my friends are big Top Chef fans...but we were not disappointed!  The space itself is a really pretty dining room, although it was almost totally empty.  I know our reservations were a little early for a Friday night (5:30), but we were the only ones in the room with the fireplace for a good chunk of time.  As for the food itself, I still wake up in the middle of the night chewing my Braised Short Rib in my dreams.  It was tender, juicy, and pretty much everything you would ever want in a Short Rib with no exceptions.  The only exception being I really thought for the prices we were paying that my portions were a bit small, which probably isn't the worst thing in the world.  Then again my friend Brian got the (excellent) Steamed Mussels appetizer, and that could have fed a horse.  
As for my appetizer, I tried the Grilled Octopus with Eggplant...my waiter was right on the money about the Eggplant, it was like no other Eggplant I've had before.  The Octopus were great, but the Eggplant was phenomenal!  The Wild Boar Prosciutto on Flat Bread was also pretty darn tasty.  
For Dessert I had the out of this world Banana Creme Brulee with Salted Peanut Ice Cream...or was it Sorbet?  I forget, but it was very good.  The saltiness made the sweetness of the Creme Brulee hit me even more.  Great stuff.  
All in all we had a really good experience at the restaurant even if we didn't get to meet Jen from Top Chef, and I'd definitely go back and try out some of the other menu items.God bless whoever came up with the Idea of restaurant week, cos 10 arts has always been one of those places that i wanted to go to , but never mustered enuff courage ( also finances ) to enjoy a hearty meal at. To start off the mesmerizing rotunda of Ritz Carlton on broad street provides ambient skylight over well stocked wine columns and marbled interiors of 10 arts and its lounge, a very pleasing atmosphere to help u settle in.
We decided to sit in the lounge to start off with drinks, they do provide full menu at the lounge in addition to the Lounge menu for quick bites. our waitress was phenomenal, she explained what to expect in each of their offerings and also explained each ingredient on the courses we were served.
for starters we had the Spanish Rock Octopus ( this is one of those u had me at Hello Moments ) , I was completely mesmerized by the serving of the octo , accompanied by fried chickpeas and ofcourse the  stellar and flavorful Eggplant which literally melted as u took the first bite into it .  This was definitely the RockStar on the menu with a healthy serving of lemon/olive oil. It probably was the best Octopus i had in the city ( there i Said it ).
my second course was rabbit with cider sauce, i have to confess i havent had rabbit that much, so probably not the right judge for it, but it was a little bit bland on its own , but the sauces did go well with the meat. It was a healthy portion size and was quite satiated at the end of the meal.
For the dessert course i had the White Chocolate which was amazingly divine and it did taste like it was right off a chocolatier's batch. topped with sorbet and some dark choc bits it was a perfect roundup for the meal.
After our meal, i did bump into Chef Jen Carroll and chatted for a bit, she is so down to earth and am so happy she is doing well and being on Top Chef has garnered a lot of new attention for her, So wish her all the luck.
The only downside is this place is a little bit on the pricier side, so not the typical bang for the buck kind. that's why i knocked of a star :(
In summary, Gr8 food , Gr9 Service , 10 Arts ( see the Pattern here? ) prides itself with fresh ingredients from local produces, with a creative chef and a brilliant pastry chef in its arsenal, it is certainly gonna be a war lord in the battle of Philadelphiaen Palates.
CheersExcellent gourmet food and drink here, highly recommend! They truly made our anniversary special any way they could.  The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the restaurant is open in a hotel and I feel it would've been a 5 star if the restaurant was more closed off.I will be perfectly honest in saying that I only wanted to go here because of the Chef. Jenn Carroll was one of two chefs from Philadelphia on the show. I was impressed because I was unaware the restaurant was at the Ritz Carlton. I liked the location since it is very close to most of the theaters in Philadelphia.
On to the food and service. The service was great. When I had first arrived they had offered to take my coat. I didn't have a reservation which normally would've been accompanied by a 30 to 45 min wait but lucky my guest and I sat down right away.
I loved the food but it was beyond expensiveHurry up and eat here before the menu changes.  Eric is supposedly out, and since Jen Carroll left, the menu has only gotten better!
Veal cheeks are like meat butter, melting in your mouth.  How do you describe something so tasty???
The butternut squash bisque was topped with toasted pistachios and a pumpkin oil drizzle.  Excessively creamy and rich and perfect for a cold winter night.
The duroc pork chop was like a "Light Steak".  Meaty and juicy and cooked perfectly medium rare but without the heaviness of eating a steak that big.  A great filling and healthy alternative if you're used to ordering steak everytime you eat out.
The salmon and tuna tartares were fresh and light and nice appetizers but there are more exciting options on the menu you can order.
The mussels are a huge serving and I think impossible for a single person to finish.  Order for the table and ask for extra bread as the broth it comes in seems to be never ending.  Maybe a little heavy on the garlic so  you won't be picking up anyone at the bar, but not unpleasant.
The staff is beyond professional.  The waitress knew the menu, ingredients and processes of everything.  She explained in detail everything we were asking about and we have to give her a personal compliment for putting up with us trying to stump her on the menu questions.
It's a shame that this sits in a hotel lobby.  As a frequent Philly diner, I feel like this is one of the top 5 restaurants to eat at on a regular basis, but is so often overlooked because it's in a hotel space.  I highly recommend taking a date here, or just going by yourself and ordering from the very comfortable bar.  With a lobby that beautiful and food this great, it's a sin to have access to such a great experience and not take advantage of it!I'm not sure if 10 Arts would get 5 stars from me every day of the week, but everything I ordered the night I went was fantastic. I kicked things off with an appetizer that was a special, a foie gras pate. The portion was unsurprisingly small, but each bite was fantastic. My main course was a striped bass in a garlic sauce. It was a pretty big, thick piece of fish-- cooked perfectly and the sauce was delicious. Here's a tip: be very sloppy when you eat the bass so that chunks of it fall into the sauce. When you get all done, scoop up the remaining sauce and fish chunks and experience food nirvana. The sauce also had Chantarelles, which I believe is French for "Awesome mushrooms." I capped off my meal with a trio of ice creams, and each one was delicious and original. I think they vary by night though. This restaurant is expensive, over $60 a person easily, and the portions vary greatly. If you're concerned about getting a decent amount of food for your money, ask the waiter about the portion size of what you're interested in first. Also, if you're looking for an appetizer on the regular menu, one of my friends got the mussels as an appetizer and they were amongst the best mussels I've ever had. The bucket was pretty big too. The dining space is a little weird because it faces into the Ritz Carlton hotel lobby, but there's also a room in the corner behind the coat check. That's where we ate, and we found the atmosphere and service to be excellent.Can I do no stars? First off, I made a reservation for the Saturday before Christmas, so it's not like it was a surprise we showed up or something. We get there, wait at the hostess stand for someone to acknowledge us, finally the host arrives but avoids looking at us for several minutes while he takes two phone calls. Finally we are seated. We order our food, quite pricey might I add, but we were at the Ritz and were expecting quality and service to match. We get our appetizers, some boring, tasteless salads and some beet agnolotti, which were decent but nothing to write home about. Oh, I forgot, after we ordered our entrees, which 3 of our party order the same steak, we were informed by our waitress a few minutes later, that they were actually down to the last order of the steak so two of us had to get a different entree they didn't order. So the entrees arrive, all the steaks were over cooked and the one steak that was the final portion was indelible, tasted old, and had zero seasoning on it. My husband took about two bites and ended up just taking it home to our dog. He said he could have gotten a better steak at a cheap chain restaurant for a 1/8 of the price, pretty absurd for this supposed caliber of restaurant. Thanks for ruining our Christmas get together dinner 10 Arts, you're a total joke.We were in town with a large group . We were pleasantly surprised by the excellent service , beautiful ambience , amazing drinks and food . Our waiter Dan was very helpful , really made the experience better . We had for drinks the Philadelphia , and wine . Excellent . The group shared the cheese plate , we had the green salad and for entree most people had the salmon, and the risotto all very delicious  . The prices are adequate to the superb quality, the service and the amazing ambience . We really felt we had a private party . Will recommendAte lunch here with a best friend on Memorial Day, we opted for the 3 course menu.  It did not disappoint!  Everything was delicious and the perfect amount of food for a long bacchanalian lunch.  The only reason It gets 4 stars instead of 5, is that our server was really a bit odd.  We sighed wistfully as the other server joked with her table and really looked like she was enjoying her job and loved food.  Our server was just lackluster in comparison and maybe a little creepy.   Also, I was hoping to make out with Eric Ripert, but alas, he was nowhere to be found. :(Nice atmosphere. Came here for City Sips which was great! The bartender was nice and attentive and it wasn't overly crowded. The venue was extremely spacious which was awesome. The staff at Ritz were incredibly friendly and kind.Good food. Great atmosphere if you're looking for the highest level of class. Great service. Gluten free options for waffles, French toast, and pancakes. Nice buffet. Standard brunch menu options.Good food great service. Small portionsIt was good.
Really like the building, and the lounge is a great spot. 
But alas, this review is of the restaurant. 
I had the 5 course tasting menu for $59, which seemed like a bargain compared to Ripert's Le Bernadien in NYC....
It wasn't.
I'll spare you the details but suffice it to say there was one aweful dish, one amazing dish, two good ones and one mediocre. 
Service was good.
All in all a fine experience that I'm glad I had, but it won't be one of my first stops next time I'm in town.A friend and I dined at 10 Arts during restaurant week on a Tuesday night for dinner.  I first had a drink at the bar.  The cosmo I had was very good, and it ought to be at $15.50 plus tip! I would love to rate the bar scene as vibrant but after sitting next to a man working on his laptop and a 75 year old lady with a craps tattoo on the back of her hand, fake leopard jacket and a mini skirt, drinking a Peroni,  I just can't do it.  The dining space is a bit odd; dinning is tucked into a side area in a huge lobby of a hotel.  The tables look like they are for folks to gather.  I had a hard time finding the hostess stand and ended up having to ask the doorman.  The place was pretty empty other then two other tables.  Despite the availability of tables and the enormity of the space, the hostess still crammed us into a two top right in between the other two other tables.  The tables are too close together for the space available, especially on a Tuesday night!  The food was very good but it was overshadowed by less than mediocre service.  We had two starters, the tuna and the octopus. Both were excellent!  We also order a side of the mac and cheese (sans the ham) and we both had the salmon as our entrée.  Again, all were excellent.  The unfortunate part was the service was terrible.  A gentleman continued to try to take our appetizer plates despite our repeated request to allow us to finish before he remove them from the table.  After his fourth trip to the table to remove the plate, we were finally done and a big smile came over him as he said "finally" and trotted off victories.  Overall I am glad we attended during restaurant week as the normally higher prices aren't justified until the continued kinks in the service are worked out.My experience was drastically different from the first reviewer. I thoroughly enjoyed almost all aspects of the experience, most importantly though, was the food. I am reluctant to provide a review based on one meal, but I felt this place deserved a better score than it currently holds.
Making the reservation was the first pleasant experience.  They asked if this was a special occasion and gave me a great list of cakes to choose from over the phone (it was my wife's birthday). Upon arrival, we were greeted quickly and shown to our seat.  
My wife and I started with cocktails from the specialty drink list.  The Toreador was perfect.  Tequila, fresh citrus, sugar, and a hint of sage.  For an appetizer, our kind waitress suggested the tuna carpaccio, a Eric Ripert signature dish, but we both were curious about the fish burger with saffron aioli and ordered that instead. Hands down, this was one of the top five burgers I have ever had.  The burger is large chunks of tender striped bass topped with a subtle saffron flavor that is pure goodness. I highly recommend this.
Our main courses were the rabbit and bouillabaisse.  I had never had breaded rabbit and am excited to say that it was very good.  The thin strips were crusted perfectly and served over a wonderful combination of fresh whole grain mustard and local peas and beans.  I am not a big bouillabaisse person myself, but my wife seemed to enjoy it - her only comment was that it could have used more starch or bread.  
The lemon, pistachio, raspberry, crème brûlée birthday cake was amazing, and very reasonably priced. 
It was a wonderful meal, and I would like to go back again and give it another try.  The food is reasonably priced for the high quality fare (12-36), but there is barely a drink listed under $15, which really adds up.  Like I said in the preface, I would not normally judge on one sitting, but this was a very good sitting that I can comfortably recommend.I went to here for a business lunch, and the first thing that struck me was the prices, it was actually really reasonable for lunch. I had the pork belly BLT and it was really done perfectly, the pork belly was thick and juicy, the bread was thick and crusty. The atmosphere of the restaurant is bright and open, its really beautiful and somehow fits in nicely with the detailed and intricate open lobby of the Ritz Carlton.