Very rude customer service.  Beer is extremely overpriced (4 bottles for $15-20+).  Also do not accept cards for bills under $10.  Used to go there for convenience, but now try to completely avoid this place at all costs. Do not give them your business!!!Love this place !!  Come here almost every day.  Staff is killer.  I call ahead and it's always ready.  This place has become a stable before my long shifts !!! It's family ran and they are always friendly and funny !  Lots of regulars from the neighborhood.   The chicken panini is my favoriteDeli food is pretty good. The sandwiches and breakfast are great. They have a wide selection of beer. They are relatively quick. One of the clerks is a little awkward, but other than that great placeIn some ways, this is a review update for May's deli. I was a big fan of May's when it first opened. It was a giant step forward from the typical corner store in the neighborhood. Something went wrong, The whole store slipped and the quality of product and service plunged down hill. My understanding is that May subleased the store to someone else, who did not have the same interest in making it a quality store. I believe May has retaken back the operation. A quick overhaul and a name change and presto, 19 degrees.
The new look store is great, the products are fresh and the La Colombe coffee is excellent. I have noticed more people sitting in, akin to a nice coffee house. The staff are nice and they recognize you pretty quickly if you stop in a couple times.  It has the potential to be a neighborhood favorite.
May told my wife that they will be selling bottle beers, and hope to have outside seating.  I would be very pleased to have a Food and Friends type place so close to home.I got a chicken sandwich from here and got food poisoning. Also I gave the owner a $50 for a $8 meal and realized once I got to my car that I only got $17 back. When I asked for the rest she called me "childish" and accused me of doing "inappropriate" things in the bathroom I'd rather not reiterate. Very weird experience here. Safe to say I won't be back. What a lunch break.Awesome! I live in the neighborhood and they sell beer cheaper than Omega. Great place for a good, affordable sandwichOK, so the neighborhood definitely needs more businesses like this so I really wanted to support these guys. At first, I was very excited about the good beer selection and the variety of stuff on the menu.  And they told me to bring the dog in. How great is that!
After about 15 trips to this store here is my experience:
-BEER IS WAAAAAY OVERPRICED
-the place always has a chemical (mothball) smell -not appetizing
-there is an ever-present douchey attitude with a few of the people who work there, high school caliber awkward douchey ...weird and annoying.  
I seem to feel better when I avoid this place.This place is a solid corner/deli market and a huge upgrade over the previous tenant.  They're a great option when looking to grab a sandwich or salad on the go.  They have a vast selection of chips/drinks and recently added beer.  The beer selection is also quite impressive.  The staff is always helpful and strives to satisfy their customers.
This is a great neighborhood anchor that serves it purpose.This place is adorable and for a little corner place, they sure seem to have a lot.  I have ordered their veggie wrap and its delightful.  The vegetables are fresh and its just the right size, served with a yummy honey mustard.  I also went their for breakfast and got an avocado, pepper and egg white wrap.   Also very fresh and delicious.  Very impressed.  Prices are also very reasonable!  They also have a great 6 pack selection.  We love it!Such a lovely gem in the neighborhood. However, being new to the neighborhood I was not received with open arms. I was not aware that the food was all microwaved and not cooked. I ordered a sausage, egg, & cheese sandwich on a croissant and specifically asked for the sausage to be well done as I assumed it was being cooked. To my surprise the sausage was gray & I immediately realized what was the issue and asked for a smoothie instead. I was ok with no refund. Easy fix is what I thought... Nope! The lady who already was the least friendliest advised there was nothing she could do. She also let me know that all of the other places do it (microwave food) like Dunkin Donuts. I advised that I don't eat @ Dunkin Donuts. Either way she still refused to accommodate me. Her customer service was sub par. As I attempted to speak with the cashier, she immediately intercepted to let me know that they work together. So I said to myself let me try one last time to plead my case as I'm in total disbelief at point. I explained that I'm not trying to "get over", I didn't know and just would like a substitute order. The cashier became mute all of a sudden and the lady who was already being nasty abruptly asks what kind of smoothie would I like. But of course not b4 asking for the sandwich back with an attitude and aggressively throwing it in the trash. The moral of the story is you catch bees with honey. She can benefit from a refresher in customer service or just get out of the industry altogether!Terrible owner...stone face...sandwich is old. don't go thereVery good sandwich's for lunch I would def recommend this place. I am going back when we visit againI live about 75 feet from here so I was extremely happy to see the transformation from May's Deli (though May's had its perks) to 19 degrees Cafe.  
They have a good selection of odds and ends as well as all the fluids and coffee (La colombe) I need in the morning.  The food is decent, nothing special, but I really like the chipotle chicken panini though.  A small gripe on the breakfast sandwiches is that they dont really pack much in there (one of those perks at May's).
Something I do love is how friendly everyone is that works there.  They really are trying to get to know the people in the neighborhood.  The place is also immaculately clean (I think a main reason May's went bye-bye).  
Hope they continue to refine the food and continue to become my go-to in a pinch.I go to 19th St Deli often, the food is alway good & fresh, the service is out standing. they are  open late every night.
A great place for lunch or just hanging out.Good breakfast sandwiches, reliable neighborhood spot. Wide variety of (not inexpensive) beer options, but good beer nonetheless! Only shop around this area of Graduate Hospital, so grateful to have it close by.Overpriced beer, mediocre sandwiches, awful service (always rude on the phone). Ordered a sandwich, got home and it didn't have sprouts, wasn't toasted and didn't have the cheese I asked for. I called back and the guy mumbled that they didn't have what I asked for so I asked why they didn't tell me while I was there and he said ok and hung up. I called back and he said "I thought the conversation was over". The sandwich was awful. I advise going somewhere else.I stopped by with a friend for a quick lunch. 
I ordered one of their panini sandwiches and it was pretty delicious.
I saved half of it for lunch the next day and it tasted just as good!
Nice place to stop for a quick, easy lunchI couldnt believe the transformation from May's to 19 Degrees- totally different place it seems. They have a good variety of sandwiches and the prices arent horrendous.
I've now been twice- and I am not blown away by either sandwich. I got the Italian Hoagie..and something just wasn't right about it? It said it came with a pickle, which I didnt receive.
I also got a turkey hoagie from here- which was good. But I dont think a turkey hoagie  is too hard to make either. 
This place is a huge improvement from the former May's Deli and a much needed place in Graduate Hospital area!I order there all the time. Awesome sandwiches and great food in general. Good people running the place. Do it.19 Degrees is a pretty sweet corner store in graduate hospital. They mostly sell deli fare and have a bunch of six packs and cases of beer..
I've had some of their hoagies before and have not been disappointed. You can eat in or take out, and most orders are ready within a few minutes..
The staff is really nice, it seems like the whole family works there. They remember you when you come in and are always very pleasant.
You can also bring your DOG inside to help you choose the correct craft beers. Yay!The people on this website that ripped Alex (the cashier) clearly have no people skills.  Alex greets me and 95% of the customers that walk through the door by name (he actually gives me the finger, but thats just his way of saying hello).  Great family that has put in a great deli.  The beer selection is really nice but to be honest, like all 6 pack shops, you would have to be crazy to buy beer there with any regularity.  It's a brutally pricey business, expect to pay at least $14 per 6 pack.
Paninis are great, hoagies are great, breakfast sandwiches are super cheap ($3.25 for bagel with egg and bacon).  If you are in the neighborhood this is really the clear winner as far as delis go.Still the same wonderful mom and pop deli - they now have peach Joe iced tea (my favorite!) and they're open until midnight on Saturdays. Perfect for when you need to grab an impromptu six pack late at night.Neighborhood gem. Great sandwiches and smoothies. Good beer selection. They deliver until late at night. A lifesaver. Love them!some bad attitudes working there. sometimes not greeted, thanked or looked at, sometimes ignored until whatever's on that stupid tv is over...  like you're in their living room bothering them and they're doing you a favor by being better than xing wang. for these reasons i avoid and order sidecar or something from south street.Love the #4 panini with no mushrooms!!! We get it ALL the time. The family who works and owns the cafe are so sweet too. Very friendly and very delicious!!!!!I came here needing a breakfast sandwich, and looked past some of the poor reviews. I didn't want a $7 egg sandwich from Honey's with 2 sides - just a decent egg sandwich.
I strive to ignore hyperbole on yelp, so I paid no attention to Mary S.'s comment about the horrible smell of moth balls and bad ice, but I should have listened. The smell is really bad, and weird. Unfortunately I can't leave a place once the nice person behind the counter looks me in the eye, so I ordered a sandwich. I then look back as their making it, and there are 4-5 people crammed in a little space fumbling around doing what 1 could have done more efficiently, when I see them put an egg patty in the microwave. I can't believe I didn't see this on any other reviews. You do not serve breakfast sandwiches if you're not going to cook them. Stick to beer and hoagie take out.
It took them over 10 minutes to microwave an egg sandwich, and they didn't even toast the bagel! If I ever run out of breakfast fixings again, I'll go to Honey's. I really don't want to be harsh because I'd love for a place like this to work in the neighborhood, I just wish they'd listen to some of the reviews.Cook eggs like McDonald's,tried to put it on a hoagie and charged me 8 dollars. For an egg sandwich. My experience in summary, first and last.Disappointed in the disaster that was my breakfast sandwich. Only thing keeping it from 1 star was the cheerfulness of the people and the fridge of beers.Lovvvveeeeeee this place.  The breakfast is awesome and the beer selection is amazing.  May offers awesome customer service and I feel at home.  I wish I lived closer.  I will be returning soon !!!!!Good selection of pre-packaged products and beer for sale, but stay away from anything they make and have to touch (sandwiches, breakfasts, iced coffee.) I've watched them handle things with bare hands and or scratch themselves and then continue food prep/cooking.Legit fresh deli sandwiches. If you're in the point breeze area, and just want a nice roast beef sandwich, maybe a nice turkey sandwich, maybe you're going wild and getting a ham sandwich, go here.
You won't be overcharged, you'll like the sandwich and you'll go about your day cheerfully.Have only been here for beer runs. A little more expensive than your beer distributor, but within walking distance to my apartment so it's worth the price of convenience. Selection is pretty good. Employees are friendly. My bf raves about the sandwiches, though I've never had one personally.Overpriced beer, lazy incompetent rude service, whole place smells like rotten egg salad.Good hoagies and beer selection. Friendly staff. My dog enjoys the walk there very much.I live right around the corner from this adorable family owned deli and probably go there 2-4 times a week for sandwiches, coffee and BEER!  The staff is friendly and accommodating and the beer selection is actually kind of amazing. They serve la columbe coffee and even carry some basic grocery items.Went in for a sandwich and was really turned off by a few things:
-gave me the butt end of wheat bread for my sandwich (who does that?)
-bad customer service by the kid at the register - basically called me stupid for not putting my phone close enough to the iPad to use Apple Pay 
Won't go backAfter moving around the corner from 19 degrees, I feel like I need to update my review.
I come here once a week (usually more...) and can not be more pleased with the selection of sandwiches,  the quality of meats, and the friendliness of the staff. I think they had a few bumps in the road when they first opened, but it all seems to be straightened out and am so happy this is my local sandwich shop!The customer service is really poor.  There are no prices on the things for sale.  You walk to the register to a guy who doesn't stand up to ring you up and is a angry since you are interrupting movie.  Avoid this place!My goto place for just about anything quick. Always has anything I need in a pinch. Milk, bananas, veggies, whatever. Good selection of beers is a plus. They seem like good people as well and it is nice to spend my money to support local businesses rather than the walmarts and wawa's of the world.The owner makes amazing bubble tea!  I was so excited to find out my local corner store makes bubble tea.  If you like bubble tea that is not overly sweet this is the place. When the owner makes it, it is nice and frothy and has a nice balanced flavor. There are also plenty of bubbles. Get you some!I walked in here to get a sandwich and the family who runs the place was in a heated argument in the middle of the store. They didn't even pause when I walked in, so I walked right back out.BEWARE their drinks, beer, soda, etc. are mostly all expired. I live in the neighborhood and have stopped in a few times to pick up a 6 pack or a soda. There have been more than a half dozen times when I have left with a flat Diet Coke or a skunk beer only to realize they don't turn over their expired beverages. 
I have never eaten a sandwich or anything so I can't comment on their food, but the drink issue is enough to make me never want to go back.A great neighborhood deli in the Grad Hospital area. It's owned by a friendly Asian family and they have one of the best beer selections I have ever seen in a delicatessen.
I love their Chipotle Chicken Breast panini (I can't remember the exact name) - but it's the first item on their menu under paninis. They use Boar's Head for their meats and I think it actually does make a difference... The sandwiches are SO GOOD! I'm a big fan of their Jewish hoagie as well.
Another reason I love this place is because they offer Joe Tea - I can never find this brand outside of Whole Foods, so it makes me ecstatic. They also have your other deli basics like coffee, but they sell bubble tea and smoothies too.
They're open late so if you want to grab a quick bite to eat - I highly recommend you to check this place out.I am in love with 19 Degrees and I'm not afraid to let the world know! 
So thankful for a bacon, egg and cheese bagel on Saturday morning and a turkey hoagie for lunch. Not to mention, a fairly decently priced beer selection. The staff is fantastic and will put a smile on your face. Weekend mornings can be busy, but you can always call ahead to have your order ready when you arrive. 
It's EVERYTHING you could ask for in a corner market.I love this place and am glad that it's in the neighborhood.  A true American Dream success story: I remember when this place was a tiny, dark corner bodega with barely any inventory, and now it's a terrific spot for delicious bogies and 6-packs.They now have beer (a surprisingly good selection), and are open late.  Not much more you could ask for from a corner shop.GET A PANINI! 
I love this place and the paninis are incredible. They use Boar's Head meats and they have fast service, interesting beers and they take debit. 
It's a great little local sandwich shop!As someone who lives around the corner from this place, I would highly recommend going elsewhere for your sandwich and takeout beer needs. The employees here are unable to correctly assemble sandwich orders. 
First time, I asked for avocado on a sandwich and even asked the employee if it had avocado in it as I paid extra for it. They said yes. I got home and there was no avocado in it. Every time I come here, I get charged a different price for the same item. Their excuse: "Taxes". I highly doubt taxes change on a weekly basis.
Second time, I went with a friend who ordered a sandwich with extra onions. The employees even confirmed that there were extra onions in the sandwich. When we got home, there were not only NO onions in the sandwich, but they had added pickles instead. 
The only reason they get 2 stars instead of one is because no one else sells take-out beer in the neighborhood. Go get gouged elsewhere, folks.Outgoing, colorful clerks, out-of-this-world paninis for ~$6-7, and a wide selection of booze. Even if they weren't close, I'd still make a trek to them.The sandwiches aren't bad, but they seem to have a policy of consistently "mistakenly" overcharging customers on every single purchase. This has happened to me repeatedly when I've gone there to grab a coffee. So, if you go there, make sure to ask for a receipt. You'll be surprised at how frequently their fingers slip when they are typing in the price, incredibly always in their favor...A friendly neighborhood deli with a large selection of beer and cider.  (I love cider and wish they had more, but beggars can't be choosers).  You feel really welcome when you go here, and the employees remember you and are not short in conversation!  It's always a fun trip!I work down the street and grab a sandwich here whenever I don't pack my lunch. Sometimes I "forget" to bring lunch just so I can stop by here. The woman who usually works the front counter is really nice, and I love that they have some interesting toppings that are an alternative to the regular lettuce and tomato options. I don't know anywhere else that offers fresh alfalfa sprouts on a $6 sandwich. This also brings me to how reasonably priced everything is. I can get a sandwich, bag of chips, and can of soda for about $8
This may be a strange compliment, but the sandwiches are always made really nicely. They put a ton of ingredients on there, but it's always tidy and easy to eat. It feels like they make it with care and don't just throw it together. The value for the price makes it one of the best lunch places in the area.just had my first meal here.  cajun turkey hoagie.  sandwhich was good and bread was fresh.  overall, above average deli.  the smaller space mean they have a somewhat narrow product selection but having beer is huge!Friendly staff, and a nice clean environment. The food was okay. I ordered a chicken caesar wrap. The seating could be better, but seems to more of a take out style.I don't understand how everyone doesn't love this place. The kids who work there are incredible and friendly and fun when you take the time to get to know them. They remember everyone who comes in which makes it feel like a nice neighborhood store. Sandwiches and coffee are great and beer selection even better. The family that runs this place is quickly becoming one of my favorites!!19 Degrees has changed a lot in the past few months.
To begin with, they are now open later:
11pm Mon-Thurs
Midnight Fri & Sat
10pm Sun
And, most importantly, they now sell BEER! This is a blessing in the South of South neighborhood, which used to be a verified "beer desert." They offer six packs, 12 packs, and single 24-oz bottles to go.
Over the winter, they've fully remodeled the place. Their Facebook page states that they now offer delivery, have outdoor seating, and are dog-friendly, but I can't personally verify any of those claims.
They sell sandwiches, wraps, sushi, fresh baked goods, La Colombe coffee, and fresh smoothies.
Just about the only thing that hasn't changed about 19 Degrees Cafe is the genuine "Mom & Pop" feel of the place. It's run by a family of generous, caring, friendly, and hard-working people who aim to please every customer and give back to their community.
This is the type of refreshing neighborhood spot where they get to know you by name, and if you're short a few cents on your purchase, they'll trust you to pay them back next time. Don't take advantage! This small-town style of generosity is hard to find in the city, and it doesn't always last!
19 Degrees Cafe is a diamond in the rough. Let's return their spirit of kindness with appreciation and frequent business.I always thought Mays was an underrated deli but looking back its like night and day compared to what 19 degrees has done. This place now gets 5 stars for cleanliness as I'm guessing the lack there of at Mays ultimately led to its demise. 
As for the sandwiches the new menu has a nice variety of classic deli sandwiches as well as more pre-crafted items such as paninis. Overall the menu is eerily similar to Palm Gourmet but that's good company to be with  They use boar heads meats (+1) and the ingredients are always fresh. The Jewish hoagie with Russian dressing would be what I go with most often but I have yet to make a disappointing order and I eat here at least once a week. The prices lean on the high side for the quantity and the speed of service can be slow but this is a fantastic lunch option in the graduate hospital area. 
Recently they have been closed on multiple occasions with a sign in the window related to a liquor license, I guess this review will have to be continued......I love this place.
-Open 7 days/week
- Accepts debit cards
- Great selection of beers
- Allows dogs inside
- Fantastic sandwiches
- Great selection of Ben and Jerry's
Favorites: breakfast sandwiches on metropolitan bagels and the P1 panini: chipotle chicken, gounda, avocado.This place is great. I live very close to it and eat here often. Their selection of sandwiches is great, they make good breakfast sandwiches as well. My go to is the Cajun Turkey panini. They also have a small selection of grocery items, a large selections of drinks, some fresh fruits and veggies, ice cream, etc. which are expensive, but convenient when short on time.
The family that owns it and work there are so friendly. The prices are reasonable. And they have recently applied for license to sell alcohol! Yay! It's a wonderful addition to the neighborhood.I want to have good things to say, I really do, but just cannot get past the rancid smell that permeates this entire place. It smells like a combination of mothballs and bad ice. Thought it was a one time thing but the smell is still there and grosses me out to the point where I wouldn't buy food there, despite the good reviews. Ideally, I'd like to visit much more often, but I just can't get past that. And the fact that I picked up 6 small sodas/iced teas the other week and it cost me close to $15... Ridiculous!Terrible customer service and I can't tell if they're too high to give good service or too high to price their beer properly... Or both. $16 for a six of Brooklyn Lager? Insane.
Jabba the hut behind the counter couldn't be bothered to stand up to check me out, and was clearly inconvenienced by needing to point out to me that I, not he, should swipe my card. Also, it's nuts that this place, like so many other s-holes in Philly require credit card minimums (which are technically a violation of most credit card company's processing agreements). Of understand if I were buying something under a few bucks, but $5 or $10 minimums are unacceptable.
I can't speak to their food, but it's probably average at best.i love 19 degrees :)
best store to have on the corner, sandwiches are so good - for breakfast lunch or dinner! really yummy baked goods, pumpkin bread, fresh fruit, eggs, milk (soy milk!), smoothies...
plus they are very nice!Just tried this for the first time today, and I am thoroughly impressed!
This is a HUGE upgrade to the previous tenants, May's Gourmet Cafe and Deli, which seemed to just disappear one day with 19 Degrees to move in pretty soon afterwards. 
They have a large sandwich/panini/wrap selection, which was well priced with most items in the $5.50-$7.50 range. The sandwiches come with chips and a pickle spear.
They serve baked goods from Metropolitan Bakery (!!). I saw bagels, breads, pastries, cookies, and granola. I am hoping that they do breakfast sandwiches on those tasty looking bagels!
La Colombe coffee is also served, and there is a lengthy coffee/tea/espresso menu. I also noticed a smoothie menu but did not check out the varieties.
There is also a small refrigerated/frozen section where you can pick up various beverages, a pint of ice cream to go, or a small variety of fresh produce (tomato, onion, avocado, limes, lemons). 
The inside was redone and has a classy look now. New rustic wood/granite counter was installed, and the place looks CLEAN and well maintained. I also enjoyed they staff quite a bit, they were very friendly, helpful, and welcoming. I had a chat with a fellow neighbor who was very proud to have designed the logo for the store and was singing its praises while I was there. 
Thanks for a nice addition to the neighborhood, I'll be looking forward to coming back!Came in for a latte and wifi. The latte was good but the "free" wifi is horrible, the worst I've ever encountered and it's only free for the first hour then $2.95/hour or $7.95/the rest of the day. What is this? 1995?Everything here is overpriced and quality of sandwiches for the price is disappointing. If you're going to get beer, you're better off going to the distributor on 21 & Washington.They take credit card. Not really sure I get the hate. Looks like a family-owned business; all the counter people have always been friendly with us when we stopped by to grab beer and sandwiches. Yes, the beer is expensive, but the convenience is nice in Grad Hospital for just swinging by and grabbing something. 
Additionally, they have tables to chill inside while you're drinking.
Sandwiches are kind of small for what you pay for, but they are tasty. I like the Chipotle Chicken Breast and my coworkers always go for the Chicken Pesto.Don't get me wrong. I want to love it because its proximity. I want to make it my home base, but they have too many flaws. Despite it being open from early to late (7-11pm i think), the beer is hella expensive (even the wooter beer). Can you get a Kensinger or something that is cheap and local? The sandwiches are pretty good but they could be bigger in size. Staff is overall nice (family run) and it is super convenient. Maybe I won't be a baby and start making adult money to afford philly beer prices...smhThis is our new favorite place! Their sandwiches are delicious and there are tons of options as well as salads, paninis, breakfast sandwiches and lunch meat/cheeses. They also serve La Colombe coffee and sell beer! The people who work there are very friendly too. This place is a great addition to the neighborhood. II just moved to the area and had a great first experience at this little deli! The two employees working there were very sweet and helpful. I got an Italian hoagie and it was delicious. The beer and hard seltzer is definitely on the pricey side but that's what you pay for convenience. I'll be back for sure!Amazing iced coffee, but mediocre sandwiches and  severely overpriced beer make this a three-star selection at best.19 Degrees is a solid step up from the market that was previously in this space. It still serves a similar purpose (deli/market), but the feel is much nicer. I'd be just as comfortable sitting down for a bite as I do taking my sammies to go. The counter staff is friendly and they also seem to have regulars at lunch time. 
That said, my sandwich was slightly off from what I requested when I stopped in last week. It was still tasty, just lacking all the components I wanted (which I actually had to repeat while ordering). I definitely like that they use quality deli meats and everything tastes super fresh. I'll keep 19 Degrees in the rotation for quick and inexpensive lunches during the week.Been here a couple times. Good if you're in a rush to grab coffee and a bagel breakfast sandwich. Got to the shop around 7:15. Yelp says they are open at 7am. (THIS IS NOT TRUE). One of the guys opened the front door told me they open at 8 am. 
Time to fix the yelp hours.I hadn't been to this deli in quite some time, but I wanted some beer for the game last weekend so decided to swing by for a six pack. This place is weird. It appears to be owned or run by a bunch of young guys. One guy, not sure if he was part of the crew or what, was passed out at a table. 
There are definitely better places to grab a sandwich or six pack in the area, and I probably won't be back.