Let me first say that I've never had vegan food. 
Walking down 20th St yesterday,I saw 20th St Pizza. Why not give it a try? See what all this vegan stuff is about!I
I stopped in and ordered a plain slice. Wow! I really liked it! Crust was better that any other pizza I've ever had; including the hundreds of regular non vegan ones.
I'll be back. Maybe even venture a fresh vegetable or two toppings (they looked great).
Interior of the place was clean, new and attractive
Staff was friendly and professional.
I'd recommend 20th St. Pizza highly as a first vegan 
taste for all non vegans who have gastronomic curiosity .I have grabbed quick take out from 20th Street Pizza multiple times. Always quick and easy, with a FANTASTIC piece of pizza at the end. The service is also great. My apologies to the staff when I ask which each type of pizza is EVERY time!
Bonus: They have Dottie's Donuts! (I debated whether or not mentioning this for fear of that they will now running out of them regularly...time will tell)This place has solid food with horribly blatant and discriminatory service. I don't care to write a long review but if you are a person of color looking for good vegan food... keep looking.extremely slow process ordering a slice, you even have to give your name and wait till its reheated to 500 degrees, just another rittenhouse pizza place that cooks the pizza hours before they open (or possibly the night before) and everything has to be re-heated.or in my opinion (finish cooking it ) why is it any pizza place around the square only has cold and hard pizzas out? ive never had a hot slice right out of the oven in 16 months around there, ive never even seen pizza come out of any oven, and ive tried every place there.Great food, great minimalism. I would say a must for any vegan in Philly. Loved discussing with the staff their ingredients and overall business model.Ordered their square version of Margherita pizza (tomato, mozzarella, basil) and added arugula. It was amazing- airy, but substantial crust, fresh tomato sauce, melted cheesy deliciousness, nice olive oil finish. Pizza has been the hardest thing to give up since going vegan but this is a superior substitute and even a meat eater agreed that this pizza was outstanding. The chef and counter person were very friendly and asked if I had any questions. There is plenty of seating in the back. They had other pies that looked freshly made but I hate mushrooms so just got a whole pie. I'll be back!Bro. THIS PIZZA!!! No words. Go eat it. Supreme was delicious and while I was a little skeptical about the mushroom slice offered, words cannot describe how hard it went. Holy. The best vegan pizza I've had (sorry blackbird). Made me cumThe best pizza ever. The dough is crispy on the bottom then perfectly soft and somehow never soggy. Best mushroom slice ever. Best plain slice ever.Two stars only because the cookies were pretty good - we got I think she called them dump cookies - mixture of marshmallows and chocolate and other stuff, crunchy. Everything is vegan!! Which is what had me excited but the pizza choices were minimal, not heated well and the service was awful especially considering the amount of staff and lack of customers at lunch time. Think there are enough vegan pizza options in the area to not go back here.Awesome pizza and service. Also the best lavender sugar cookies I have ever had. My pizza was so good. The smoke mushroom meatballs were everything. The presto had the right amount of garlic in it. Very pleasing to the taste buds.Garlic knots are ridiculously good. 
Tried the mushroom slice, balboa slice and the jack slice. All super good. 
The crust is perfect.I love this place! The pizza is so flavorful and inventive and the crust is just right. It's a perfect spot for a lactose-intolerant person like me to enjoy some pizza.Ordered the mushroom, kale and white pizza. In order of most liked to least liked. 
All were delicious and for portions worked to be split. My girlfriend and I split each slice so we ate 1.5 each. 
You can ask for side marinara for dipping the crust, highly recommend. It is cold compared to the hot pizza but I liked the contrast!We have already been twice and I cannot believe how good this place is!!! The menu is changing a lot currently but every piece we have had was absolutely wonderful! Nice staff and fast service! Couldn't recommend highly enough!Fantastic vegan pizza. Best vegan crust I've ever had! It's nice having a vegan pizza shop in your hood!SOOOOOOOOO under rated!!!! I don't know why this place isn't hyped. This place is a purely vegan pizzeria and man is it GOOD! There's so many vegan spots in philly that don't live up to expectation but this place surpassed it! The cheese was done perfectly and melted well. The flavors were on par with regular pizza as were the prices. It's a cute hidden gem that def deserves more business than it gets. Don't overlook this one!So delicious! The Margherita and Green pizza are exceptional. The crust is so great. Do not miss a chance to get a slice of this pizza!Being not vegan myself, I wasn't sure what to expect when my vegan friend recommended we head here for a quick dinner. I ended up getting the greens pizza with spinach, olives, swiss chard, brussels sprouts, and plenty of garlic (also think there was nutritional yeast on there for a cheesy flavor, but not sure). Absolutely blown away! 
The crust was one of the best I've ever had. It was perfectly crunchy, chewy, and more on the thin side (which I prefer). The greens were crispy and fresh, and the olives perfectly salty. The slices are heated fresh before serving and the guys behind the counter are so nice!
I also wanted to try the funghi pizza but my friend beat me to it. Pizzas are made fresh, so there are six slices per pizza available at a time. Don't forget the chili flakes and garlic powder too!
The seating area in the back is spacious and very clean. Just be sure to clean up after yourself.Meh. I got the "green" pizza. I scraped off the topping into the trash. It doesn't taste good at all. It tastes like mustard. Once that is gone, the pizza is tolerable. 
It's also WAY overpriced. I expected the pizza to be awesome for the price.
Will I order from them again?
Nope.What is up with the pizza here? I've had a good fair share of vegan pizza in New York City (where I'm from), but I can say for sure that the plain pizza here tasted subpar. It was extremely soggy and the shape didn't hold itself at all. There was an odd aftertaste each bite. I've had good vegan pizza that wouldn't bend the moment you lift it off the plat and that won't have a soggy mushy texture. Definitely not the best vegan spot, still looking for one in phillyIncredible pizza and to know it is Vegan makes it a winner hands down.  They create complex flavors by creating in house lemony cashew cream and tasted their garlic, and greens for a completely delicious bite.  I liked the end slices for the crispy edges and the soft and chewy textures that made this one of the best slices I have had South of NY.
xoxoDefinitely recommend coming in to pick up a slice or having a whole pie delivered. I had a delivery of several slices and it just didn't taste the same. I love the mushroom one and the sausage one. Did not love the garlic knots-not a ton of taste. You should come and grab a mushroom slice, very tasty!SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY! This pizza is the GOAT. Every slice is the best slice you will ever have but if you want to see the face of God then get the Hand of Shroom. It's perfect.My go to slice of pizza when I visit back home. I am not Vegan but this is my favorite place. I love that their pizzas are made in house using natural leavened yeast. I have brought several friends here that also are not vegan and have fell in love. The pizza choices are both unique and traditional and so amazingly flavorful, to the point where you ask 'How did they do that?' Ordering is really simple and staff is nice. All pizzas are made in the wood-fired oven. Try the Shroom Pizza!Pizza was SO good! Its great to have a little vegan pizza joint in the area. Super friendly staff and reasonable prices. Definitely reccomend!Fantastic vegan pizza, friendly people. Love that they are using Conscious Creameries mozzarella now. Also I get their garlic knots every time I go, they are absolutely amazing.Wildly inconsistent. Last week, I tried a white pie and it was incredible. Tonight, it was basically overcooked bread with vegan cheese and lacking any tofu ricotta. I have been disappointed numerous times and will not be trying again. It's a shame because this place could be good.Pizza is good, but, huge caveat: they reheat it in way too hot of an oven for the crust and it comes out with boiling cheese and overcooked crust like a cracker. Best to ask for a fresh pie and take it on its first round.The Balboa pizza is the best. Nothing beats vegan ricotta cashew cheese. Still thinking about this pizza.I chose 20th street pizza due to its high review score and the fact their food looks delicious. What I received was nothing less than a travesty. The pizza was raw, cheese tasted spoiled, after one bite I had to run to the trash can. This truly is the McDonald's version of pizza.Amazing pizza!!  The BEST you'll ever have in your life!! I love trying each kind. My favorite is the potato pizza, Spicy Potato. Their garlic knots are SUPERB. I love the vegan sausage equally as well. Just so yummyWalking down 20th and stopped in at the 20th St Pizza. Wondered "What's with this vegan stuff people are talking about?"
I bought a plain slice, my first piece of vegan food vegan (I was a vegan virgin). It was GREAT!!! Crust was better than all the thousands of pizza crusts I've had in my 76 years, Loved it. I will be backAbout a month ago I ordered a large tomato pie and it was amazing!! Probably the best pizza I ever had in Philly, even compared to pizza I had before I became vegan. But recently they changed their menu and only make small pan and round pizzas. I ordered the small tomato pie thinking it would be a smaller version of what I had and it was not. The crust was very thin and crunchy, nearing burnt. I feel like they took away what made them stand out from all the other pizza places, which was their thick crust that was baked perfectly. 
I wouldn't recommend ordering from here now. I tried the supreme pan pizza and the tomato pie, and they both disappointed. I would rate what I had subpar.I strive for objectivity when writing my reviews but every once in a while something comes along that panders to my prejudices. Finally decided to walk into a place that I've been meaning to try: "20th Street Pizza". I spent several years working at Mack -N- mancos on ocean City's boardwalk, and as such, plus the fact that I'm a South Philly Italian, I consider myself much more than a connoisseur when it comes to . I recently switched my diet to a totally whole food plant-based lineup. On my quest to stay committed to my diet and also stay true to what I like, I've been looking for places just like this one. Located on the westside of the 100 block of South 20th street in the Rittenhouse area, I found this gem. I went with a friend and we didn't just try a slice or two selections we ordered a slice of each option being displayed in their window, and were pleasantly surprised to enjoy each and every slice. Each one offers a flavor-packed variety of ingredients, which were very well put together and extremely delicious. In addition to the pie their soda case has all the old fashioned sodas the way they used to make them with about 20 or so soda flavors to choose from. This was an excellent experience all ways around and I will absolutely be back soon. If you try it you will not be disappointed. Their vegan pizza is better than most traditional pizza in the city, and now this will become a tradition for me for sure.DO NOT ORDER DELIVERY FROM THIS PLACE. Tried twice through cavier and fail both times! Apparently they use a third party delivery team (????) - there's obviously a huge disconnect between caviar/restaurant/delivery service. The food NEVER gets delivered. How does this happen? You order, pay, it gives you a time and then keeps delaying the time and eventually never comes. It's unheard of! This place should stop offering delivery.This is some of the best pizza I've had in Philadelphia, vegan or not. I honestly don't think anyone would question it being vegan if they didn't know otherwise. The crust is amazing and they have unique flavor/toppings. The staff have always been very friendly as well. A bit pricey but worth it.I remember walking past 20th street pizza months ago and wanting to try their pizza but I didn't have the time. Last weekend we were in the neighborhood and we stopped by to pick up a pie on the way home. We opted for the Supreme which is a  12" x 18" pan pizza with creamy "mozz", smoked onion, sweet peppers, vegan sausage, local mushrooms, vegan parmesan, oregano. The local mushrooms they had that day were oyster which I LOVE, it added such a nice texture to the pie. I loved the pan pizza with the nice crust but chewy doughy bread. I would definitely try another pie my next time in the area!Wow. What a treat to have a vegan pizzeria in Philly! Lots of different types of speciality pizzas, delicious desserts, garlic knots. Very affordable and definitely hits that pizza craving. Staff was so patient and helpful. Currently enjoying a "Balboa" slice of pizza. Can't wait to be back.Good vegan pizza isn't easy to find.. 20th street is incredible. Unique flavors/combinations and quality product.What fantastic vegan pizza! Slices are around $4/slice, but they're so big that someone with a good appetite can get full from two.
I tried a slice of the green pizza and a specialty lice that had homemade vegan sausace. Both were fantastic, and if I lived in Philly I'd be back regularly to try all of the slices. The crust is thin, and the toppings are generous; the vegan cheese is homemade and tastes great; I think even omnivores could get into this pizza.
They offer a nice range of bottled craft kombuchas for around $4 each; I tried a watermelon hops kombucha that was fantastic. The place is small, and there's more seating in the back.We went for lunch and got the Sicilian style slices. They have a nice variety and everything tasted great.My roommate and I split the balboa pizza and it was so delicious I didn't even want to share. The pesto was amazing. Got our order through caviar also and no problems with the temperature of the pizza it was perfect.We tried one of every slice. Wow! I'm not vegan, but my lactose intolerance makes pizza difficult. Their cheese is super good, and I loved each slice I tried. Mushroom was my favorite!Wow, this pizza is so good! First time I have had white pizza since going vegan and it was beyond amazing.  Plain slice was equally amazing! I'm so happy I tried it, will definitely be my go to pizza from now on. Everything tasted fresh, cheese didn't have that processed taste so many have, not sure if they are making it in house but it reminded me of the mozzarella I get from conscious creamery. Really pleasant staff too, wonderful experience overall!First of all. The desert bar has become amazing! I mean, it's always been good, but now it's gotten great. So many choices! I tried bread pudding today, and it was so tasty, moist, soft, melting in my mouth, perfect sugar amount, not too sweet, not too heavy, and just a right size. And...it had star sprinkles all over it. So adorable!!!
For actual dinner I had their classic margarita slice with basil and a special for today, spicy Hawaiian. As usual, I ate all of it to the last bite!Never had a pizza like this!. Way-out cheese experience with unique toppings in a little corner of life!. People are friendly with a anything goes attitude?.29th St Pizza, this pizza is really good fresh all my toppings were fresh, however it is a little pricey ; to take your mind of that the service is great the counter person was very helpful and courteous, well May it won't take your mind off it! But it's nice when you have nice people to talk to.
They do have slices I think they start at $4.50 and last be not least it's VEGAN !!!!!!!!!! Give them a try let me know what you thinkFirst time enjoying this awesome vegan pizza shop today. I had the balboa and the grandma.  The balboa was spectacularly delicious - beyond my expectations.  I will be returning for more of this one. The grandma was good, but  it had that typical vegan mozzarella cheese mouthfeel that keeps vegan cheese pizza from being on any level near dairy mozzarella pizza. Some like that, others may not. Stick with the balboa, it is definitely worth the trip, even from CT.This pizza is different and depending on your taste is very good. Yes it does have a mustard taste to it which some people may not like however I thought it was very good. No sauce on most of there slices or if there is I didn't taste it but the Kale pizza was very, very different and to grab one slice is okay. I would not eat more then one kale slice but again that is a good thing not to binge on unhealthy pizza.
The mushroom was quite good with I want to say bermuda onions on it and again alot of flavor. Your either gonna love there pizza or hate it botttom line. Will update review once I try more of there selection but I believe there thing is all vegan slices just an FYI if your looking for more of a meat fulled slice.Amazing! Can't believe there's a vegan pizza shop in my neighborhood. I'm dairy free and I thought I would never have pizza again. I usually don't like vegan meat but the sausage was so good and flavorful. Can't even tell this is vegan pizza, the crust is so good. Will be back here again soon.Got takeout recently and ordered the Supreme pizza and an order of garlic breadsticks. Breadsticks were amazing, as was the garlic butter they were paired with. Absolutely could not tell either was vegan. The pizza was also excellent, with fresh ingredients and a crispy crust. The cheese is obviously not as good or melty as real cheese, but it mimicked the taste and texture pretty closely! Overall it fulfilled my pizza craving and I didn't feel guilty about eating it. Will definitely be returning.Wow! I've been craving white pizza since I went vegan 8 years ago, and this place certainly delivered. (They also quite literally delivered my pizza.) Absolutely delicious. The vegan ricotta was top notch, and the hint of lemon really sealed the deal. 10/10.Hands down the best vegan pizza on the planet! More than that, some of the best pizza, vegan or otherwise that I've ever eaten. We keep coming back for more! Cannot recommend highly enough.Vegan or not one of the best pies I've ever had.  Do yourself a favor and get there now.People never believe me when I say this but 20th Street Pizza is some of the best pizza I've ever had in philly. It's perfectly crispy in all the right places, amazing flavor. Some other review said their pizza was burnt...one has to imagine this person considers Papa Johns gourmet. Balboa is the best. Regular is also good - cheese is gooey.I was excited to hear that the owner of Blackbird Pizzeria, my favorite vegan pizza place in the city, was opening a new shop in a neighborhood where I spend a lot of time. Blackbird's pizza is great, as a lactose intolerant person, I don't feel like I'm eating something worse than "actual" pizza when I order from Blackbird. 20th Street is no Blackbird.
Where Blackbird feels like it's trying to be an alternative to a corner slice spot, 20th Street seems to be a take on the pizza places that are slightly more upscale. You know those spots, the ones where the pizza has arugula and prosciutto sitting on top, and instead of garlic knots they've got ramp knots. That's 20th Street, and they do a good job of emulating that style of pizza. I just happen to prefer the corner slice style of pizza. 20th Street tastes more like vegan food to me, but it's still tasty and well made. I'll take Blackbird over 20th street any day, but it's nice to have an option nearby and I'll absolutely continue to visit for a quick meal.Pizza is so good!!!! And the vegan local ice cream is amazing. Sugar cookie flavor is phenomenal.I was so excited to find out there was a vegan pizza shop in center city. Blackbird Pizzeria is one of my absolute favorites, but definitely is a bit of a hike for me to get to. 20th street is so convenient and so good!!! I tried 4 different slides and each was fabulousReally good pizza with good flavor just not enough toppings for my likingSo excited to have a pizza outpost from the Blackbird folks. I've been to 20th Street IRL when that was possible, and also done a pick-up in this age of curbside/delivery only. The pizza is BIG. I love that. And didn't stop me from demolishing it with another person, but could be for more than two people, I -guess-.
Just a note on personal experience: If you're picking up, the walk home is gonna be difficult if you're trying to resist noshing on that pie.
Check their instagram for hours, but last I ordered, it was an evening situation; I called right when they opened and got a delicious pizza 20 minutes later; there's an alley next to the location so that's a place out-of-the-way of the sidewalk where you can chill once you arrive to pick-up your pie (don't hang around more than you need to!).
Thanks for continuing to have such a great pizza offering in Center City, miss seeing you all in person.We ordered 20th street pizza for a gathering with vegan friends, and I was honestly a little nervous since I am not vegetarian/vegan. I was so pleasantly surprised and would happily order from them in the future. The white pizza was my favorite - I loved the creaminess of the cashew mozzarella, lemon ricotta and garlic sauce. The balboa pizza with vegan sausage was also quite good. I absolutely loved the bread sticks and only wish I had ordered a second. It was great that I could order in advance on their website for the time I wanted - they texted when it was on the way and it arrived right on time. Very happy customer!Their Green pizza is absolutely one of the tastiest pizzas I've ever had. We always ordered a full pie. It used to be square, but now it's circle shaped. I like it better than even my favorite non-vegan pizzas. It is garlicky-salty-creamy-lemony deliciousness.  I love the crust as well - crispy and charred, so yummy. My mouth is watering at the thought of it's scrumptiousness! The Plain cheese pizza is delicious as well. I haven't tried any other flavors yet, cause I'm still stuck on the Green. I much prefer 20th Street Pizza to Blackbird. I thoroughly enjoy Blackbird, but the flavors aren't as satisfying to me. I could eat an entire 20th Street pizza without being sick of it or feeling like I'm eating "faux cheese".Hands down the best vegan pizza I've ever ate. I ordered a slice of the grandma and I was so taken back by how good it tasted I ordered another slice. After eating that, the next day I ordered a full pie and almost ate the whole thing. It's light, perfectly seasoned, the sauce and cheese is just amazing! When I go back to Philly to visit I will make sure I will come back here, even my non-vegan friends couldn't get enough.  
Sooo good!You are going to really like 20th Street Pizza. This place is a real treat whenever I visit the area. I was not expecting their Cashew Ricotta to be that terrific. Crew is super polite and will certainly help you with anything. Certainly worth checking out if you're in the area.Not only is the place one of my favorite vegan pizza spots in Philadelphia it is one of my favorite pizza places in Philadelphia period !!! I have been here a few times and have had the opportunity to try  the hand of shroom , balboa , supreme and the  hot potato slices . My favorites are the hand of shroom and the hot potato which comes to no surprise as  it is ranked as one of the best  all time vegan dishes in Philly by Philly mag !!!  It is the reason why I first checked out this place and boy am I glad I did ! The pizza slices here are sooooooo flavorful . The hot potato is spicy  with a deep herbaceous piny and creamy flavor . The mushroom   also has a deep  earthy  flavor that is balanced  with the bright pungent aroma and taste of red onion . 
I've also experienced the best customer service here ! I've been living in Philadelphia for a total of three years now and hands down have never felt more appreciated and valued as a customer . The two women cashiers were such a delight .  I can't believe I'm blanking on their names but one is a Pisces and has a really cute dog ! The other young woman who is a brunette was also really kind to me .  Highly recommend this place !!!This pizza place went from being my favorite to one I will not order from again. They eliminated the small pizza so I tried the 14" square. After 2 days of eating I had to throw out 1/3 of it. Then I ordered the expensive slices. They came in a huge box so they tumbled around during delivery. Also the toppings have grown fewer. The salad is very good. Looks like I will be eating Amy's pizza with pepperoni from Luhv deli.tl;dr as cliche as it might sound, the slices at this shop are "pretty good for vegan pizza;" however, the high prices and unpleasant service may be reasons to steer clear
Philly is no slouch when to comes to plant-based eats, and I've been itching to sample one of 20th Street Pizza's vegan slices for some time now. The forest-green exterior and a psychedelic pizza-themed mural always draw my eyes to the first floor of the otherwise dilapidated townhouse. Immediately upon entering is a display counter decked with a colorful array of square and circular pies alike. Industrial pizza ovens are tucked in the back of the staff booth. The narrow space stretches surprisingly far back with indoor seating. Unpainted, pressed-tin ceilings, exposed brick walls, and lo-fi instrumental music round out the atmosphere. 'Zzas here come either by the slice or by the pie. Slices run on the expensive side, upward of $4 for even the most basic varieties.
My friend and I stopped by for a few slices. Before even sinking my teeth into a slice, I was quickly off-put by my experience with the staff. One staff member commented that a different patron smelled familiar (just ew), while another staff member snidely derided a phone customer for asking to customize a pie. When I asked for descriptions of the pizza options, I got lackluster, single-word answers.
I opted to try a slice of the square Grandma pie, coated in olive oil, then topped with cashew mozzarella and tomato sauce. Despite being heated in their oven, my slice of pizza, unfortunately, cooled down after just a few block walk. The sourdough crust had a nice crisp on the bottom, and remained flavorful, light, and airy -- much more impressive than other vegan pizzas I've had around the city. However, the plant-based cheese had a bizarre texture (something akin to scrambled eggs). The tomato and olive oil were strong but one-dimensional without the richness of real cheese.
I might call the pies at 20th Street "pretty good," but I would have to qualify that description with "for vegan pizza". After my experience, I certainly won't be a routine player. Unless you are specifically aiming for plant-based 'zzas, there are better pizzerias within just a few blocks.20th Street Pizza is by far the best vegan pizza my wife and I have ever had. We visited Philly earlier in the year and stumbled across this tiny pizzeria. We couldn't believe how good it was. As soon as we got off the plane this trip we were lucky enough to try their Sicilian mushroom and cheese. They were both ridiculously delicious. We recommend this pizzeria to anyone who live in Philly or visits. It's that amazing.Pizza is one of those rare cravings that still comes up often since becoming largely plant-based, but it's generally hard to satisfy as vegan pizza typically just doesn't hit the same. 20th Street Pizza is a different story. Perfectly creamy cheese with solid, quality ingredients. I was super satisfied with it. Been itching to go back, but haven't quite made it yet. Sounds like it's time for another trip!Fresh ingredients. Unique pizzas. INSANE flavor. 
On the surface, 20th Street Pizza seems like your typical, Sicilian-style wood-fired pizza joint. However, not only is the food delicious, but it's VEGAN!! As a fellow pizza lover (who isn't?!), this place is SERIOUS competition - it tasted just as good, if not better, than regular pizza.
The staff was very friendly and informative - I ordered one slice of plain and was convinced to try the green slice. The crusts were soft and crispy at the same time. Both slices blew me away.
The plain was a margherita slice that literally bursted with flavor. I couldn't even tell that the mozzarella was plant-based. The tomato sauce and the basil were fresh and the overall simplicity of the slice was absolutely delicious. 
The green slice, which was a white slice with roasted kale, green olives, green onions, and lemon-pepper cashew cream, was the most unique slice I've ever had. All of the flavors harmonized perfectly. 
I can't say enough about this place! Even if you aren't a vegan, you NEED to try this place!Amazing!!! Sooooo so good, doesn't feel like it's great vegan pizza, it's just GREAT PIZZA, nothing is sacrificed in flavor by making it vegan. Will be back for sure!The food was great and the portions were generous.  The service was fantastic and the atmosphere was nice.Best vegan pizza in Philly. Hands down. 
We ordered a pie on a Wednesday night through Caviar. We got it with cashew ricotta and mushrooms on one side and other side was plain. I thought it was fairly priced. 
This pie was HUGE! It totally fed and stuffed 3 people. The cashew ricotta was UNREAL and the mushrooms were AMAZING! I really appreciated that they used shiitake and maitake mushrooms as opposed to plain white button ones. They were excellent quality. The red sauce had so much flavor and added so much freshness. I can't wait to try it again!Just discovered this place - and went back there 2 days in a row.  Excellent crust and toppings.  The texture and taste of the vegan sausage is indistinguishable from the real thing.  Bravo!Awesome pizza place.  Creative and delish pizza and it's all vegan!!  They play good music too!  I'll be back soon!!Absolutely excellent pizza, made with the best vegan cheese there is (Conscious Cultures) and a perfectly textured, thin, naturally leavened crust. With their quality crust and their use of that brand of cheese this is the best pizza in Philadelphia, no doubt!Called in an order, said it would be 15-20 but was less than half the time. The pie itself was perfectly cooked and delicious and my friend and I were digging in heavy. Then after my first slice I look back up at the sign and notice it said "vegan" and literally could not believe it. Sooo good and the cheese definitely fooled me, along with a whole group of homies who ate it too! 
Definitely coming back to try some other styles, honestly on par to be the best vegan pizza I've ever hadWOW - this place is incredible! We got delivery from 20th St Pizza on a weekend night and had an amazing dinner. We ordered the Supreme (vegan sausage, sweet peppers, smoked onions, roasted mushrooms, tomato sauce, and Conscious Cultures Creamery mozzarella) and the Plain Cheese (Conscious Cultures Creamery mozzarella, tomato sauce, basil, and olive oil). Both were so delicious, but I especially loved the Supreme. I can't tell you the last time I was able to eat a supreme pizza, and it really hit the spot! Both pizzas were so flavorful and the cheese was creamy and delicious.
I can't wait to try all the other pizzas from 20th Street!Place an order via door dash. The pizza was burnt and it was not a personal pan pizza. Very disappointed!