Cute little eatery in northern libs, luckily beat the brunch rush and seated at a small table. I'm usually generous with my stars but I would give this place a 2 1/2 if I could. First- the food was actually pretty good. I tried something different and got the veggie sausage with biscuits and it was really yummy. Gravy was tasty as well. My bf had the chicken and waffles- chicken was good, bbq(?)chicken fingers on top of waffles ( which the bf said was kind of dry). Now for the establishment and service- The table we were seated at wasn't really cleaned off from the previous patrons, but I didn't say anything and just brushed it off with a napkin. Fine. The server was really nice but she seemed overly frazzled for not being that busy yet ( like i said, we beat the rush hour and it wasn't that crowded) The plates came out before we got any eating utensils, we had to flag someone down basically to ask for forks. Little things also like messing up drink orders. I'm not that picky of a customer and I still enjoyed my meal, but figured I'd mention everything in my experience.BYOB for a nice evening sitting outside enjoying the area.
Shrimp Po boy was on point, and crab cakes were a good size (2) with alot of crab.  We ordered the vegan mac & cheese, and it wasn't as hot as we would have liked, but it was surprising good...for two avowed carnivores.
Hush puppies were spot on.  Light, enjoyable.  
Its not great, but its good.  My only gripe was that the crab was done before the shrimp, and they served it.  I would have rather waited and been served together.  
The had a great apple oatmeal crisp, with vanilla icecream for dessert.  It was very good, warm and crunchy.
After applying a $25 Gift certificate, the bill came to $11.72, and you can't beat that with a stick!A Full Plate was one of the first little spots I frequented in NoLibs. They put their own spin on some classics; the mac and cheese is made with whole wheat pasta and everything they fry uses a batter with some interesting seasonings.
The food is by no means classic soul/southern food and I don't recommend if that's what you're in the mood for, but if your looking for fresh yummy food that's a little out of the ordinary then A Full Plate is the spot.I've lived above A Full Plate for the past year, and I am moving tomorrow so it seems fitting for me to review it.
I really like eating brunch here compared to Honey's (and not only because I live above it) because the food is very unique and original. The ever changing menu has things I have never even heard of or knew could go together. That being said they also do an awesome job at standard food like grilled cheese (the BEST).
It's also not too pricey compared to other cafes in the area. I'm really not into the mismatched interior design inside but they have great outdoor seating.
I will miss you Full Plate and your awesome playlist of indie tunes that filled my bedroom in the mornings.Fantastic! I just moved to the area and my roommates recommended this place when I said I was looking for someplace local and delicious for a simple bite to eat.
Me: the special - shredded portobella prepared pulled-pork style, on top of a belgian waffle and garnished with avocado slices.
My Dad: a tuna melt and a cup of tomato soup.
Delicious! Great, calm service and a lovely place to catch up with Pops without breaking the bank.
Also ... bring your own wine!I hate to do this, but I have to... though I will update this after a later trip because I hope (rather than believe) that this place has more potential.  A friend and I stopped in for brunch recently and immediately got a cute table in the corner. We both ordered their giant mason jars of iced tea, which was really good and came complete with a mini forest of mint sprouting at the top.  I ordered the Huevos and my friend ordered the Babka French Toast so that we could get the best of both worlds (savory AND sweet).  
So, up until the ordering, everything was going smoothly.  Big but:  two servers and a busy dining room + outdoor seating area = unsatisfied guests.  We waited too long for someone to take our order.  We waited way too long to get our food. And then, we waited a long time for our check.  In all of this waiting, I filed my taxes, balanced my checkbook and received my PhD in the Psycology of Hospitality.  During all of this waiting, a server brought us some little chocolate cinnamon muffins (that I believe were meant to appease us, though I'd be more pleased if they did this every time).  Sad thing is that the muffins weren't that good!  And the last bit of sadness: my huevos - no bueno.  In fact, they were muy mal.  It was a fried flour tortilla with one side covered in rice and beans (90% beans, 8.5% rice, 1.5% still not sure), other side covered in fried red and white potatoes, topped with some sausage slices (not chorizo-y), and then topped again with a fried egg.  The main items in the dish, however, were salt and pepper.  And they were present in abundance.  Blech.  In happier news, the French toast was good, but nothing to write home to Mum about.  
I will definitely stop in again because I do like the staff/owners/etc and I think that they can definitely be better than this.I have been to A Full Plate multiple times for dinner and have been quite impressed so I decided to try brunch and satisfy two vegetarians (almost) and a vegan.
I had the Belgian waffles with the weird cream sauce and strawberries. Unfortunately, the waffles were cold in the middle and tasted like they were frozen or pre-made. We also had the vegan French toast but it tasted like a sack of old granola. Okay, well it was vegan French toast covered in granola so I guess I should have expected that.  Finally, the vegetarian (not vegan) biscuits and gravy with the veggie sauce were pretty good and I'll most likely return to try other things on the menu for brunch.I had a really good brunch here a few weeks ago, and I'm going to go back.
Service: I see reviews here that service is spotty, so I suppose I might've just lucked out. I did, however, have a great server. She refilled my coffee every time I was *about* to ask her to. She brought HUGE water mugs (great!), and was pleasant enough without being phony. 
Food: Came fast, was a "full plate" and was delicious. The "Toads in a Hole" ...freaking tasty. My friend ordered the Green Tomato Eggs Benedict, which was tasty and weird and great. The sweet potato/reg. potato/veggie/herb home fries were DELISH. I plan on trying different stuff next time, as it was hard to choose from a good menu.
Decor: Cozy and inviting and small. It slowly filled up as we went, but we were there on a rainy Sunday at around 11:30a, and there were only two tables full when we arrived. No wait. Sweet.
They'll get more of my money and recommendations to friends.A cute little BYO in a cute section of N Liberties. A GREAT area to visit when the weather is beautiful. Their portions are good and price is reasonable. We went with a few kids/babies and it was fine. The kids ate their "Lil' Plates"- mac n cheese and brussel sprouts au gratin (both really good except the brussel sprouts were too peppery for kids). I thought their Fried Chicken over a Belgium Waffle was really good. It was drizzled with this sweet & spicy BBQ sauce and the combination of the chicken, waffle and bbq sauce was pretty tasty. The husband thought the Slow Cooked BBQ Ribs were just ok. Their fries (a mix of regular and sweet) and mashed potatoes were also really good. The Southern Slaw was too drenched in the sauce so it wasn't that great. 
We went early on a saturday (before 6) so there was no wait, but the place filled up pretty quickly. Our server was nice and accommodating (they let us bring in our own dessert). It's a small little place but they were able to fit our large party of 12 (and surprisingly they didn't charge us a ridiculous gratuity fee though we still tipped well for their good service). There's an ice cream shop and a bakery a few doors down so it's a good place to hang out with friends (and kids).i was so happy the 1.5 hours we spent here! great vegan brunch (full of options) with outdoor seating and prompt, friendly service. we sat outside and enjoyed the dog friendly atmosphere and chatted it up with the amiable patrons seated near us. i liked being served iced tea in a jar and i especially liked the sweet potato home fries served with our entrees. I had the vegan french toast and the fi had the vegan sausage with biscuits and gravy. next time: vegan pancakes. love.Out of all the great restaurants in northern liberties, A Full Plate is my favorite.  It is one of the only places I've been where the majority of the options on the menu are both healthy and delicious enough for me to order them again and again.
I especially recommend brunch on Saturdays on Sundays.  Try the omelet of the week, it's always different and always amazing.
Also, try mixing the smashed potatoes with the brussel sprouts au gratin. Best decision I've ever made (excluding other better decisions).A Full Plate...
I went on a friend date with my friend Amanda who lives around the corner from liberties walk. So, I drove into the city wondering what exciting eating establishment she had in mind because I was starving and she was sick and needed some comfort food. She had settled on A Fully Plate and I was up for it. 
So, we walk in and we're the only people there, the adorable waitress was super sweet and did the whole giving us menu thing etc. I was overwhelmed because everything looked so good on paper and i didn't want to be disappointed, but i went outside of my comfort zone and ordered the Fried Egg BLT. Amanda got the Mac & Cheese. We both got huge waters.
(Love the water in the jars p.s.)
Ok, my fried egg Blt was seriously so good that i slowly ate the second half because at that point i was emotionally invested. What can I really say about a sandwich that good? It was awesome. It was perfect. I've craved it ever since. Amanda seemed to really enjoy her mac & cheese as well.
For dessert I got a blondie which was hella good and she got the Elvis cake to go. I didn't get a chance to try it, but i need to go back and do just that. The portion was...well....huge. Like a huge awesome brick of greatness. The best part was, at the end...I wasn't broke but i was VERY full and happy.
A Full Plate...I've got a big fat crush on you. You'll be seeing me as soon as I can convince another friend to travel out there with me or meet me there...and my mouth is watering already.What a refreshing menu with modern, yet homey style choices.  Yummy wheat pasta mac n chz.  I had the chicken pot pie.  I went to eat it and realized there was still dough under the crust and it wasn't cooked all the way.  They made me a whole new fresh one.  The waitress was also very patient with my group, as we had some people arrive late.Another place (from Liberties Walk, no surprise there) that bites the dust.
While El Camino (mehhh) stays, awesome places like A Full Plate are closing. Boo.
Per the owners, last day is 12/23.  :(
They are set to open a new venture called Cedar Point in Fishtown in January.Do you crave home-cooked meal? How about a nice, homey meatloaf on a toast, with a ketchup on it? How about a homemade chicken pot-pie? If you are getting sick of living off takeouts and deliveries, full plate may just be the answer for your home-cooked meal nostalgia.
The place isn't pretentious...in many ways. It's not claiming to be a southern food joint (at least I don't think so). So don't expect authentic southern experience. It's not one of those Stephen-Starr-ish restaurants that put fancy spin on something. No, it's just simple, reasonably priced, and comfortable.
If you do come here, I recommend the meatloaf. The meatloaf is tender yet has enough "bounce" to it.A great affordable stop in NoLibs with great mac and a BLT thats solid.  Sweet potato fries are always good and the salads are fresh.  It sucks that it's locked away in the corner of liberties walk but still back door parking is Available, not going to expand on that though.  Just looking for a little more every time.  But will still continue to visit whenever in the area.
BBQ sauce must be made there cause it could be the best I've had in Philly so maybe another str for that alone.Definitely a good place for brunch. I can't talk as to how well they do dinner here, but brunch has never disappointed me here. They have some very original menu options...try the Huevos Rancheros, very good!
Besides, I'd rather get a table right away here than sit for an hour and a half outside of Honeys (which is good, but a bit overrated in my opinion). Try A Full Plate on for size, you probably won't be bummed out.FAIL.
Went here with a date on Sat. night.  They had one (1) waitress and one (1) chef, both hipsters, on duty.  Ordered drinks and dinner.  Seventy (70 - you read it right) minutes later our food comes out, and they had screwed up my date's order.  I slapped a $20 down on the table and we walked out (to El Camino Real, to whom I've previously given 5 stars).  I returned moments later demanding my money back for the singular worst service I had ever received.  To their credit, they didn't try to fight me on that point.  It also turned out that there was no owner or manager on duty on a Saturday night in the busiest restaurant district in the city.  WTF?!
Overall, ZERO (0) STARS.  EPIC FAIL.  WOULD NOT RETURN.  Hipsters have got to realize that they can't only choose to serve other hipsters with alacrity, there are a wide mix of people in Philly.mediocre. bummer, because i really wanted it to be good--so many vegan options!  i went with the vegan mac & cheese, which i know is really tough to create, but i've had way better boxed mac & cheese, and i think restaurant food should always be better than what you make from a box.  it was just lacking spice/flavor, besides mustard, which was pretty much the only thing i could taste.  my side of ginger soy kale was uninspired and extremely wet, for whatever reason-- the plate seemed to be half liquid, half kale.
everyone else i was with seemed to like their food enough, but no one raved about it.  it's a shame, really, because it's affordable and has a ton of vegan options.  please get better!  i will come to you again!Finally went back to A Full Plate for lunch a couple weeks ago.  This time the service was much better.  We actually got seats, drinks and food!  The food was decent and they had a good veggie selection on the menu.  The prices were a little high for something so ordinary though.  It just wasn't anything special.  I wouldn't put up a fight if someone wanted to go back, but I wouldn't recommend it either.Upsides:  Food is fantastic, space is very cool, never a wait, BYOB.
Downsides:  Service is spotty, Liberties Walk can be sketchy, BYOB.
I prefer it over Honey's because there's no line and because I think the food is slightly better.
Whoever cooks for this place knows what they are doing!  All of the food is so good.  The mac and cheese is out of this world.  A very underrated brunch.I tried A Full Plate last night.  We sat at a sticky table, which the waitress said she was going to wipe off for 10 - 15 minutes without any service whatsoever.  We noticed there was only one table where people had food and decided we weren't in the mood for a dinner which would take all night.  It looked as if there were only two people working, which could explain the terrible service.  On a Saturday night I would expect much more staff.
The place had a relaxed atmosphere and smelled delicious, but we jumped ship and went elsewhere.  We ended up at Darling's.  While there we noticed another group of people who also left A Full Plate because they were sick of waiting.
I'll probably give it another try and hopefully get to try the food.I enjoy coming to Full Plate I love there winter options especially the Chicken Pot Pie. That has to be one of my favorite things to eat there. I also enjoy that it is a BYOB. It is a great place to get away from a large overly crowded restaurant with the same boring menu options. This is one of my favorite restaurants in Nolibs.My friend and I sat outside as we ate our early dinner on a Tuesday spring evening.  The food in general is as good as everyone says.  The mac and cheese!  Yumm!  The crab cake was tasty.  The waiter was very good at the beginning of our meal but disappeared towards the end.  Not his fault - he was the only server for both outside, inside and take-out orders.  While irritating, it won't keep me from going back if it came up as an option.  I'll probably try and make it for breakfast/brunch.This place is an ideal lunch spot.
I came here on Good Friday with a buddy of mine after a morning run.  I was observing the whole "no meat" thing and we got a tip to check out A Full Plate.  I'm really glad we did.
It's got great styling inside.  The decor is patchwork and nothing matches yet they made it look cool.  I'm a fan.
They serve One Village Coffee and they brew it right.
My crabcake sandwich was delicious.  It was served with a tangy remoulade sauce on a nice buttery bun and along side, this chickpea ceviche invention.  It was awesome.  We also tried the au gratin brussels sprouts which were also really good.
I'll definitely be back here to eat my way through the menu.Word UP to this little spot in Northern Liberties, Philly
Awesome comfort food and decent prices, BYOB too...
Meatloaf rocks.
Crab cakes are huge and filled with delicious crab not  filler.
smashed potatoes with mushroom gravy are top notch.
Brussel sprout au'grattin was amazing.
Homemade mac and cheese was some of the best i've ever had.
Service is friendly and quick too.
There is not a lot of seating so if you go with 2-4 people your fineMmm....Full Plate is comfort food at its best! 
A friend and I went using a Restaurant.com gift certificate so ordered a little more liberally than normal. We were very happy!
Have been there for brunch a few times and been quite satisfied, but this time we tried out dinner. Pierogies, Mac&Cheese, Roasted Beets, Vegetarian pulled "pork," and a catfish po'boy all met our expectations! The sandwiches came served with a chickpea salad that was a little weird, but other than that, the flavors were well balanced. 
Portions are huge! I took home a full meal for the next day, but still left stuffed! 
The only complaint was dessert. The only offered one selection (which contained peanuts) so we ended up with some freezer ruined ice cream (it had been unfrozen and frozen too many times). 
Would definitely go back and highly recommend the pulled "pork" and Mac & Cheese.My first encounter with A Full Plate was through the Northern Liberties Food Tour.  The samples of Mac and Cheese, Fried Green Tomatoes, and others were amazing, we had to go back for a full meal.  And it totally lived up to everyone's standards.
Good relaxed atmosphere, delicious home made food, and great staff.  Definately another winner in the No Libs area!A hipster restaurant with a relaxed feel.
Vegan and vegetarian options share the menu with deep fried pickles/okra/hush puppies.  It's an interesting mix that works.
The food is not great, and the service during busy times is lacking. . . but somehow the entire experience pulls it together.  A solid BYOB that is a good place to kick off a night in the Northern Liberties area.After a particularly late night of drinking in bars, then drinking in parks, a few friends and I went to A Full Plate for brunch.
Because of our twentysomething nature, we cannot possibly all be on time. Our waiter was ridiculously accommodating, even when the last of our party showed up nearly an hour after we agreed to meet. 
I don't really like breakfast foods (I know!), so I was pleased to see that we had the lunch menu. I got the tuna melt and the hush puppies, but little did I know, the tuna melt would be more than enough. It was slightly runny, which I found a little off-putting, but otherwise, a solid melt. The hush puppies were delicious, but kind of oily. Others seemed to enjoy their meals, save for the catfish po'boy, which took a verrry long time to arrive at our table. 
Also, I love the soda jars.I traveled from DC to Philly this weekend to hang out with some friends and we came across A FULL PLATE, in the Northern Liberties neighborhood.  This up and coming area definitely has potential for some great lil' places, and A FULL PLATE is one to try.  We ventured into this quaint and cozy spot  for a Sunday Brunch.  Great selections on the menu from: fried green tomatoes Benedict to fried chicken and waffles to biscuits and gravy.  As the neighborhood becomes more developed this place will definitely be one that people will wait to eat at.  Good wholesome southern food....with a city twist. Give it a whirl.The food is fine, though I think people give them more credit than they deserve, but the service is terrible.  I've never gone to A Full Plate without something going wrong.  Sadly, they're close enough that I keep going back, and I keep getting disappointed.  If you order take-out, check your bag before you leave to make sure the order is right.  If you eat there, plan a block of time, 'cause it's going to take a while.i will come back soon to give a more compelling review but my asparagus and swiss omelette was too airy.  everyone else had a great meal so maybe i need the chicken and waffles. 4 stars if you guys come through next time, until then 3.This is an awesome BYOB with great southern classics and creative vegetarian options. I must admit, my first time at A Full Plate was unimpressive. I don't know if it was all of the hype that was surrounding it or what. I had the spinach and black bread salad and I couldn't eat it. It was just unappetizing. So I ordered pierogies to calm my hunger which worked. They weren't the best I've ever had, but they were good. My friend suggested we try A Full Plate again and we did. This time I read up on the restaurant and decided to go with the Riblet Sandwich (Vegetarian pulled pork) Ben's way (with onions and cheese)! This sandwich alone completely turned my opinion of A Full Plate on its head. It's saucy, cheesy, and has caramelized onions! My mouth is watering now just thinking about it! It is the perfect vegetarian sandwich; even my non-veg friends love it! My favorite side at A Full Plate is their hushpuppies. They are the BEST hush puppies I've ever had. They are crunchy on the outside and soft and moist on the inside. I now love this place and look forward to getting a Riblet sandwich and hush puppies every time! It just goes to show that just because you chose the wrong menu option doesn't mean the restaurant is not great at other items!As a super-regular of A Full Plate, I figure I should update my review, since it's been a year or so. 
It has only gotten better in the interim. Regarding the food, some brunch places do sweet really well (see- Devil's Alley) while other kick butt with savory (the Royal Tavern, Hawthorne's). The thing it- A Full Plate does both so damn well. 
On Team Savory, you have what is no less than the best brunch menu in the city. The Stuffed Mini's- 3 little breakfast sandwiches on wheat rolls- are my go to item, but make no mistake, I love others too. Such as the Vegetarian Sausage with Gravy and Biscuits. I got it this morning and was blown away at how amazing it is. And I'm a carnivore!
As for Team Sweets, you can't go wrong there either. There are not one but- count 'em- TWO French Toast options. One is a super decadent cinnamon Bobka; the other a more down-to-Earth vegan french toast, coated with Granola. There's the wafflewich sandwich, chick and waffles (in a heavenly sauce combining maple syrup and hot sauce) and a weekly sweet special. 
All this is amazing, of course, but the food is only one reason to visit A Full Plate. Unlike Honey's and other popular brunch destinations, tables are almost always readily available. The acoustics are great too,  so no, you do not have to scream to be heard. 
I just love this place!I am almost hesitant to write a review for this place, because the first of the 5 stars I'm awarding goes to being seated right away. 
Yep, that-other-extremely-popular-brunch-place is fantastic, but I was not in the mood to wait outside for 45 minutes on a rainy Saturday. My party and I walked a few blocks down the road and decided to check out A Full Plate.
The decor is adorable and quirky, without being overwhelming (2nd star). The menu abounds with veggie-friendly options (3rd star). Our server was extremely friendly (4th star). And, I had the best french toast of my life (5th-1000th star).
I hesitated getting the french toast actually, because normally I don't even like it. At worst it's soggy bread, made even soggier in syrup. At best, it's fried and crunchy but sits in your stomach like a rock (see: that other delicious brunch place). The special of the day was peach and banana bread french toast, and when I asked if they could make it granola-crusted like the regular french toast, they happily obliged. 
I wish I took a picture of this french toast, because it was that epic. I was presented with 3 "mini loaves" of the stuff, lightly topped with powdered sugar and served with a side of syrup and home fries (the best home fries I've had yet-- including cinnamony-sweet sweet potatoes! No, that's not a typo). 
My boyfriend is a meat-eater but loved their vegetarian biscuits, sausage and gravy platter. Bonus: I got to try a few bites for once! The gravy was amazing and the veggie patties could've been bigger, but they were tasty too. 
I'll definitely be going here again, but it will be extremely difficult not to order french toast every time.The BLT brunch sandwich wad awesome. Put your big boy pants when drinking the black coffee. I'd return for sureI went there for lunch, sat outside and this place was great!  I think I sent back the waiter twice because I couldn't decide what I wanted.  I wanted to order everything off that friggin' menu!  When I finally did get my food it was much more than I expected.  Why don't we have places like this in center city... sigh..Went here on a Saturday for brunch.  They get one star for outdoor seating and water in mason jars (nice presentation!)
We both ordered huevos rancheros.  How can huevos be served without salsa?  Or cheese?  Or sour cream?  Why was the tortilla fried to a crisp so that it was unable to be eaten with a fork?  Why giant red beans instead of black beans or refried beans?  Why was that egg so tiny?  These are just some of the questions that came to my mind while trying to eat this.  Even though I was ravenous upon arrival I ended up leaving about half the food on my plate.  Very dissapointing and unsatisfying.  I am a vegetarian and I will not return here with the many other good brunch places in the neighborhood.Food is pretty darn good.  Service was also good, and i'm pretty hard to please.  Our waitress was respectful of our requests - and that goes a long way in my book.  Yummy vegan options.
Sensitivity Scale = +5Really not a big fan of this place.  Every time I eat here something seems to be slightly off, and always dry.  I understand there are vegetarian and vegan dishes here but they also have meat products.  So where's the grease?  How about a bit of butter, oil, spice?  My girlfriend likes this place so I get dragged here sometimes, hungover, and the food always takes forever to get out of the kitchen.  The Iced Tea sucks too.  Head to Green Eggs Cafe- it's not too far down the road.  And just because a place is vegan friendly, and veggie conscious doesn't give them a free pass to serve up mediocre renditions of this type of cuisine.I found this place a couple of years ago when seeking a new brunch spot and I've been happy as a pig in s... well, let's just say that I've been delighted ever since. The decor is wonderful - quirky and colorful with plenty to eyeball (like the infamous A Christmas Story leg lamp) while sipping mint iced tea from a mason jar. 
Although the place is small, I've never really had a long wait for a table and the waitstaff is awesome. Friendly, but not that saccharine overbearing kind of friendly. 
I've never had a meal there that I didn't like and I personally recommend the veggie Toads in a Hole for brunch. 
I'm withholding the last star because I think that they close too early during the week (9PM) and there was this one weird time where they were closed because someone wasn't feeling well (there was a tacky note on the door).If you don't at least try their Mac and Cheese you are crazy.  Best I have ever had.  It's whole wheat, but you would never know it.  Just try it.This is one of my favorite spots for lunch in Philly.. and great Sunday brunch as well.   The brussel sprout salad is by far my favorite dish.. brussel sprouts, capers, apples, sharp prove, and walnuts... sounds a little strange, but it really works!   Also not to be missed,  the fried chicken and waffles (for those not so healthy moments!)An omnivore, vegetarian and mostly-vegan loved this place! (Maybe it's because we were still on a high from the kickass four hour workout next door at Ploome, but still.) It's really rare that the two veggies of the group want to order everything from the menu, but that definitely happened here.
I had the huge delicious Mexican breakfast pizza, but it was incredibly hard to decide what to get from the amazingly varied menu. They were out of lemons for our iced tea (?) but the waitress put a shot of lemonade in mine and it turned out pretty good.  Our drinks were served in jars, and a giant golden Labrador lounged on the floor nearby while we dined.
I only took a star off because it was too hot inside for a 95 degree day (while we were there people came in and quickly left because it was so hot), there was a fairly long wait for the food, and for some reason, the waitress brought out a plate of steaming hot bacon for the ominvore a good ten minutes before the rest of the food. (Note, this is just cruel and mean to do to two ravenous vegetarians, no matter how much we love animals!)A great spot to bring out of town relatives , and perfect for brunch with a veg and omni crowd, since a good chunk of the menu is vegetarian or vegan. A little crowded for brunch (though, they've supplemented the handful of tables in the little dining room with outdoor seating), but dinner seating is always a breeze, since most flock to the bars up the Walk. And though this might be a ridiculous comment, I love that the beverages (water/iced tea/etc) are served in gigantic mason jars so you're never for want of something to drink! It's like they know me.Great home cooked comfort / somewhat southern food for lunch or dinner. BYOB. My husband loves the chicken waffle. BYOBCouldn't recommend this place more. Not only was the service great, the food amazing, and the setting perfect; the cost was staggeringly inexpensive. We got away with an appetizer, drink, two entrees (with portions big enough that we took some home), and a desert for $27 before tip, wow! The ingredients in the food were clearly carefully chosen as everything tasted incredibly fresh. We will absolutely be back for more. Pro tip: if you have a smartphone, pay with the LevelUp app to get $3 off your first purchase and to get even more off after spending a certain amount.Ah, A Full Plate. I have been going here once a month since it opened up, so it seems appropriate to review it now. 
As always, I'll start with the coffee. You know the saying, "You never get a second chance to make a first impression," right? Well, that's coffee for a brunch joint. Neither too strong or pathetically weak, Full Plate's mild breakfast coffee always hits the spot. 
Decor- love it. Bright, hip, silly. Service- very good. Never a problem. 
Onto the food. 
My fiance just chimed in, "Make sure you say they give you a LOT of f*&%ing food." And they do. After all, this place aint called "A Full Plate for nothing. Be prepared to get that satisfied, belt-unbuckling "maybe cupcakes arent such a great idea" feeling. 
There are a few staples I stick to on the  menu. I love their Stuffed Mini sandwiches, which consists of three breakfast sandwiches. One has Canadien ham and cheese, another tomatoes, egg and cheese, and lastly- my personal favorite- is filled with goat cheese and roasted reds. Outrageous! I also dig the wafflewich and chicken and waffles. 
My fiance- a vegetarian- likes going here because it caters to her sometimes-difficult-to-please palate. She usually gets the vegetarian sausage gravy and biscuits. To my knowledge, this is the only place in the city that serves such a dish. 
As for dinner, just go and get the mac n cheese. Thank me later.This place is adorable and the food is surprisingly delicious!  I didn't expect that the food here would blow me away and it totally did.  Went for a lunch over the weekend and ordered the veggie riblet sandwich and it was phenomonal.  You would never know you're not eating meat.  The home fries that come on the side are little cubes of white and sweet potatoes and the combo is really good!  My dining companions got an omelette and the special tortellini omelette - both were equally as impressed as I was.  We'll definitely be back again.I've been let down by this place twice now.  After spending some time in the South, I was craving fried okra, which is surprisingly difficult to locate up here in the Philadelphia area.  A Full Plate had it on the menu, but they were out on my first visit.  No big deal; the crab cake sandwich I had was good.  I returned some time later, craving chicken and waffles (side note: after you've had chicken and waffles in the South -- especially if they happen to be from Gladys Knight's House of Chicken and Waffles -- prepare to be let down by everyone else.)  This particular night -- a Friday night -- the place was packed, but I never mind waiting for good food.  While we waited for our table to be cleaned, a couple that were already seated discussed (loud enough for me to hear) the fact that you're supposed to seat yourself and that I must be some kind of yo-yo not to realize that.  I'm not entirely sure what business that is of hers, but I'm going to hold her obnoxiousness against A Full Plate.
Ultimately what I can and will hold against A Full Plate was what I perceived as pretty lousy service: everything took approximately forever, from handing us menus to taking our orders to actually preparing our food.  I guess my facial hair wasn't cool enough.
While they did have fried okra this time around (I prefer it cut into pieces, but it was good), I was disappointed by the chicken and waffles.  The sweet BBQ sauce was different, but I prefer maple syrup.  And I definitely prefer fried chicken off the bone rather than the vaguely chicken-strip like chicken here.  Maybe this is how white people do it.  Either way, it's two strikes and you're out for A Full Plate.  It's a shame as I thought this place had tons of potential.This is comfort food without the greasy diner feel. I've had brunch and lunch here and had absolutely delicious food. They have healthy stuff, veggie options, and also classics like grilled cheese. I haven't been in awhile so I'm having a hard time recalling my exact choices but I remember that I didn't love the hummus-veggie burger wrap but everything else I've had there has been great. 
Also has a really cozy feel. Sometimes I wish they had comfy chairs so I could sit there, eat, and read on a rainy day.Love love love for brunch!
Its nice to have multiple brunch places in Northern Liberties that have non-egg based breakfast options - Full Plate being on the top of the list. 
* The Veggie Sausage with Biscuits and Gravy is my top recommendation- I'm pretty sure my boyfriend and I have both had this dish about 20 times. My only wish would be that there were more sweet potatoes in the home fries - but that's a personal taste. Still awesome to have the multi-potato home fry combo! 
* Vegan French Toast - while I'm usually more a savory over sweet eater, I had this once and it was super delicious and so awesome to have a non-egg version.
* Tofu Scramble - Reliable, good dish. The part of me that envies all those huge egg dishes people get makes me wish this came with a side of toast, but there's definitely enough food on this plate that its not necessary. Though at 10 dollars, its a bit pricey for tofu scramble. There's also a Vegan Mexican Pizza that comes with the tofu scramble, also a pretty good dish - but loses the side of home fries that comes with some of these other dishes.
I haven't eaten here for lunch/dinner in a long time, and I see they have changed the menu and added some things I would like to try. Like the ALT melt. 
I can say that I wasn't a huge fan of the Monster Wrap, but I do highly recommend Brussels Sprouts Au Gratin. Brussels Sprouts rule.  As does the cake.
Lastly, I wish their web site didn't have a splash page and their Google Maps entry has the wrong phone number/address listed.Been here a couple times already.  A Full Plate has become one of my go to's for dinner before a show at Johnny Brenda's.  Great tasting sides, especially the hush puppies.
Also, the vegetarian riblet sandwich. Ahhhh.  It's so, so, so good.  Make sure you get it done Ben's way, with onions and cheese.
The crack and cheese is fantastic too!
I hope to venture out and try other things on the menu but that damn riblet sandwich is always calling my name...If you're easily impressed by simplistic "innovation" tactics (eg using a jar for water and putting a chalkboard in the bathroom) then go buy your ticket to this place and get in line. This is one of those trendy spots where sometimes it seems like more emphasis is on decor and signage than on good cooking. Hipsters will love it; savory brunch aficionados-- look elsewhere.
I really didn't enjoy my food here but the overall experience was okay, I guess. 
I had the huevos rancheros and was pretty disappointed. It was just nothing like a real huevos rancheros and I wish they would have written that on the menu. "Not typical huevos rancheros-- hipster huevos rancheros instead." I would have known to avoid them.
The other Mexican food items weren't really good either and the only ethnic thing about them was their name.
The chicken and waffles were pretty random too, despite being a simple dish to prepare (fried chicken + waffle... the end.)
The maple BBQ sauce: Inventive? Yes. DISGUSTING? Yes!
Emo-waitress girl did not help matters. We probably didn't sound vegan enough for her to care.
Will not go back and will also attempt to talk others out of going here. Overpriced bland food that is overhyped by vegan fans of this place. Good luck guys, you'll need it.My Chicken and Waffles cherry has been popped with a very good rendition, albeit an untraditional one.  The southern classic is usually served with gravy and sounds greasy enough to induce a heart attack, but a Full Plate serves it with Maple BBQ sauce, a tasty and healthier approach.  
The waffle is whole wheat which is perfectly golden brown on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside.  On top sits 3 strips of chicken breast breaded with corn meal and deep fried to a dark brown.  The chicken breast is wonderfully juicy, and the crust is crispy.  One slight engineering problem: breading was like a shell that fell of the chicken as I was slicing it.  
It also came with a slice of jalapeno cornbread, which is a fad.  The cornbread was decent with the appropriate kick, but it was a little dry.  Quite frankly, you could make a better version with Trader Joe's Cornbread mix and some fresh jalapeno, which means that I would not pay money at a restaurant for it.    
This is certainly a Southern Classic with a twist, and I paid $12 for it.  A bit overpriced? yes.  
Was it worth a try? Yes.  Will I have cravings for it? No.AFP is a cute little  spot with good food and tons of character.  A friend and I stopped in about a month ago for a late lunch, and we were pleasantly surprised.  We both ordered the Greek Platter with chicken and falafel, which proved to be yummy, but both light and filling at the same time.  Our waitress was cool, and the decor has great character.  I'd go back.One of my favorite places to get dinner in Northern Liberties! The brussel sprout salad is to die for and the hush puppies, YUM! 
The place is cute and quaint, the service has always been quick and friendly and I've always left full. 
I think I'm gonna go again tonight!When I walked in, I knew it would be the perfect dinner.  Old Country music was playing (they play an eclectic range of music--don't worry Country haters), we could choose our tables, the chairs were large and comfortable, and everything smelled good.  My brother and I ordered the black bread salad to start and it was perfect: perfectly fresh lettuce, perfectly cooked white beans, perfectly crisp and sweet tomatoes, and perfectly matched dressing.  Then I popped some lactase in anticipation of the mac & cheese I ordered for dinner, which is nicely complemented by stewed tomatoes.  It was delish!  My brother had the pulled pork sandwich, Ben's style (he couldn't resist since his name is Ben), which he loved, and fries, which were good but nothing special.  Our waitress was personable and interesting and the service was excellent.  This was seriously one of the best dinner experiences I've had out in Philly.I had lunch here on a recent sunny day with a friend - we sat outside, drank beer we brought from the Foodery (A Full Plate is BYO) and enjoyed the great service from a sweet waiter with black framed glasses (thank you!). The menu choices were extensive and really well-priced, but my attempt to go healthy kinda backfired on me. I got the Monster Wrap, which was, indeed monster sized, but also monster spicy for me. Yes, yes, it did say spicy sauce on the menu. Guess I was too engrossed in my conversation to pay attention. Life lesson #162 brought to you by your pal Carrie.We decided to try A Full Plate because Honey's had an extremely long wait and I was dead set on trying somewhere new.
When we walked into the restaurant I was surprised by how few people there were, both in terms of customers and staff. There were only two tables of people and two employees - a waiter and a cook. 
The layout/design of this place is what I'd describe as "borderline dirty." It's a very down-home, simple place, and it almost reminds me of being in someone's house. It's not as "sterile" as I've come to be used to, but it was still charming. If you looked too hard at the walls or the tables or the chairs, though, you might notice some dingyness, so I just tried to avoid doing that.
The things I liked about A Full Plate - outdoor seating, giant (and I mean giant) mason glasses filled with beverages, having your coffee mug refilled four times without having to ask, and the overall good, quick, and friendly service.
I was somewhat disappointed with my actual meal, though. What I really wanted was the wafflewich, which they couldn't make because they were out of banana cream. Since I wanted a sweet brunch, I opted for the special banana blackberry French toast. It really wasn't what I expected. It tasted like a loaf of banana bread, basically. I didn't get the blackberry at all. I also thought the home fries were kind of boring - basically just potatos cut into squares and cooked. Not much seasoning and hardly any onions. I also didn't like that a side of bacon was $3.50 and I literally got four tiny pieces. It might have been that they were halves, that's how small they were. 
My husband got the fried egg BLT and seemed to enjoy it. He also got the tomato gazpacho and while he liked it, I didn't. I think there was too much dill in it or something.
I think A Full Plate would be a good option if you're getting something simple - eggs, bacon, toast, etc. But if you want a fancier brunch, as I typically do, this might not be the best option.hey.  so i stopped by this place again the other day and i felt like these guys earned another star.   i mean the soup was good.  i forgot to tell my waitress that i am vegan (gasp) but the chef in the back recognized me and veganized everything without me even having to ask.   so, that is nifty, unexpected, and exceptional personal service.  We also enjoyed our dinner, by the way.  :-)And yet another delicious meal....  the fallafel balls were a tiny bit overcooked and the service was a tiny bit slow (for dinner) but im still a religious fan of this place.  great decor, cheap eats...  REALLy good hot sauce...  good food.  Highly recommend.  Best for lunch... not as crowded. :)It's a little overpriced for what you get.  Had the pulled pork - it was ok, but not worth the price.I have been eating at the Full Plate for years.  It is one of my places that I go when I want to *relax* and have a good meal out.  This may sound a little weird, but I went to a stress management class once and I envisioned the Full Plate when I imagined a 'peace place'.  I go out of my way to come to Northern Liberties to eat here.  I find the music is usually pretty good and I enjoy the artsy feel of the place.  I like the colors and the chalkboard walls in the bathroom.  I love the brussel sprouts au gratin, chicken salad sandwich with red grapes, and the Greek falafel platter with its quinoa tabouli.  My wife loves the spinach pierogies.  One of my best friends loves the jambalaya.   I agree with some other Yelp reviews that sometimes the service is bad and for no apparent reason, but that will not stop me from going back again.  I find that the food here NEVER makes you feel gross after leaving the restaurant.  I include their deserts in my gross-free testimony.   I mean this in the most A+ positive way possible - you're eating quality ingredients and meals here.  I usually give the waitstaff honest feedback on the meal and they have been more than fair on the rare occasion that things are a little off.  Overall, the Full Plate is a great place to eat and I hope to eat there for many years to come.Went here for brunch. Got the Fried Egg BLT.....best sandwich I have had in a long while. It came on soft, toasted bread, bacon was super crisp, egg cooked perfectly, tomato tasted like it was just picked.
The glasses they used were mason jars...at first I thought it was hokey, until I realized how huge they were and how much you get in them. Awesome.
Staff was super friendly, super attentive. 
Price? Pretty cheap considering how great the food was and size of the portion.Good selection, comfortable, vegan disco fries were pretty good and the veggie pulled pork sandwich was good.usually I leave this place wishing I had stayed home and cooked my own dinner.   it's weird because it should be totally awesome because there are several vegetarian and vegan options... but i have tried most of them and it was often mushy and/or lacking flavor.  
Their claim to fame is the vegan sunburger... and twice i went to try it and found that they were out of them for the day (that is why i ate the mush instead).   I did finally get one and i really liked it, but unless you call ahead and ask it's too risky to just show up and expect one.
Sadly instead of "A Full Plate" my friends and I call this place "Aweful Plate".LOVE LOVE LOVE! 
The food selections are completely original. Many vegan/vegetarian options, as well as some unique everyone-friendly options. 
The mashed potatoes (only served in the winter are so amazing!). I'm also a huge fan of the monster wrap, the sunflower veggie burger, vegan chili, and the vegan french toast with granola was one of the greatest vegan options I've ever tried. 
Prepare to try something new when you come here or don't bother coming. If you come and expect quick service, I'd say you need to chill out and relax. Remember, everything is made fresh so just hang out, talk, go write on the bathroom walk (with chalk!), and people (or dog!) watch. 
They have limited outdoor seating that is so much fun in the summer. 
BTW: the lemonade = the bomb!!! 
I think the only thing holding this back from a 5 star review is that I've had a few encounters here with food that was SO spicy that I literally could not eat it. It would be different if I realized I was ordering such spicy food, but it was not clearly advertised. I must say though, on one occasion they were completely accommodating and bought me different food, insisting that I "must eat" even though I repeatedly told them I didn't want to be a pain in the you know what. 
The restaurant is pricey, but worth it! 
PS: they are somewhat dog friendly when not busy :) 
I will be returning shortly.Hipster-vegan cornucopia -- all that really needs to be said. If you are a fan of said atmosphere and cuisine then you will be easily pleased here. 
The decor is fun..write something on the chalkboard in the bathroom...make it extra creepy. 
Their portions are phenomenal. Order a "small plate" of fries and you get a healthy serving of thick sweet potato and standard white fries together. Perfect for the one who can never choose between the two.
As for the food, I've only dabbled as far as the Turkey Club. This is my new favorite sandwich in Philadelphia when going for comfort food. It is not the thinly sliced deli turkey meat one on a diet would consume, but rather the intimidatingly large thanksgiving turkey cuts that someone ravenous for meat would slobber over. The bacon is cooked to perfection. There are some sweet potatoes, thinly sliced, crunchy yet delicious. The BEST component is the cranberry mayo. Do yourself a favor and ask for a decent amount of it. You will not be let down!
Plenty of vegan options which I have not tried and probably never will but definitely a good place to go for a carnivore-herbivore date. No one will be upset.This is a cute little place on the corner of Liberty Walk.
They are BYO and I have gone for brunch and lunch on several occasions.  They have inside and outside dinning, and when we sit outside they always bring my sweet Nyla dog a bowl of ice water!
Their menu is limited - which makes it easier to pick what you want to eat anyway!
I just had the breakfast burrito last weekend with eggs, portabella mushrooms and Gruyere cheese...It was D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S!
The wait for food was a little long and, the service was fine, but not overly friendly.
Still, a great place when you are not up for the wait outside Honey's!Nothing bad about it, but the food was overcooked. Tasty, locally grown food. My friend went back there on a separate occasion and also found the food to be overcooked. The ribs, though, were very good (I suppose there's no way to overcook those). Had some interesting and very unique creations. Also loved that the drinks were served in mason jars.I've always really enjoyed A Full Plate. I've been going here for almost five years now, and I always enjoy a delicious meal. One of my favorite things is I'm vegan with a lot of omnivore friends and this is somewhere we can go and all find something we like - from vegan mac & cheese to chicken and waffles and a lot of stuff in between. Highly recommended!This place is great for brunch or lunch.  Chicken & waffles were good, but I would have prefered a sweeter syrup rather than the BBQ syrup they offered.  Coffee was tasty.  BF got a Po boy which he thought was yummy, but still nothing beats Beck's Cajun Cafe.  Cute little comfy spot for a nice bite to eat, and lots of vegan/veggie dishes for your non-carnivorous friends.Full Plate lives up to its name.  You do get a full plate of food, no doubt.  You will leave full, but not satisfied.  We went there for breakfast this morning and split the Mexican pizza and a breakfast wrap.  Both were very very egg heavy.  I am guestimating that the Mexican pizza had somewhere between 18-27 blackbeans on top.  What's more, the food was flavorless.  We had to jazz it up with additional condiments.  (And we weren't the only table to do this!)  Foodwise, quite a disappointment.
Now: coffee/atmosphere-wise, this place is great!  A nice sunny nook with lots of character inside.  The coffee is excellent... probably one of the better cups I've had recently.
I don't think I'll be back unless I want a quick cup of joe and happen to be in Liberty Walk.A Full Plate Catered my sons wedding with 66 meals on 10-30-10.
Our guests raved about the food. No one but the Bride & Groom were vegetarian, and everybody loved it!  The food was great quality, set up was fast and on time. I would use them again without hesitation!Pretty good food here. I don't like the friend green tomatoes, or the fried pickles which are the original reason that I wanted to eat here. Neither were cooked properly, and the breading too heavy. Also, once I got the catfish sandwich and it was just nasty, i sent it back to the kitchen.h I didn't know it was possibly to mess up catfish this badly, but the waitress was nice about it. Actually, I had ordered the catfish on a previous occasion, and it was very good, but the recipe was switched from a catfish filet to catfish fingers, which tasted like they had been used to clean the bathroom floor. Anyhow, now the good....everything else here I've tried has been pretty yummy: crabcake sandwich, hushpuppies, darren salad, the other time i ordered catfish, sunflower burger thing, mac and cheese, etc. The hushpuppies and the mac and cheese are both awesome. Service is very good and prices are good.Ahhh Elvis.. The King of Rock n Roll! .. you are a cultural icon... you made crappy musicals look cool. even when you were over the hill you sold out shows in Las Vegas... your old home is a famed tourist attraction... your daughter married both Nicholas Cage and Michael Jackson... yet in my humble opinion your greatest feat is the Elvis cake at Full Plate was made in your honor. This bake good royalty of chocolate chip banana cake with peanut butter butter cream icing is a slice of heaven. I try not to eat it too often unless I too want to die of a heart attack on the crapper like u mr. king. Unfortunately it sells out esp on busier nights like Fri and Sat. 
Full Plate also has some really tasty fried chicken tenders in their take on the fried chicken and waffles. Unlike the chicken which is fried perfectly and has just enough spice the waffles take a major backseat w/ it's lack of punch- maybe a lil cinnamon? What the hell do I know I can't reheat an Eggo w/o burning it. Unfortunately a few of the other dishes suffer from that too: the middle eastern platter, quesadillas, pulled pork and cat fish fingers. They are all cooked well- not overcook or under cook, but they lack a certain wow factor leaving it mildly bland tasting. There untraditional take on mac and cheese w/ whole grain penne pasta is pretty good though, but I've had a better crab cake. My friends have enjoyed the burgers, sandwiches, chicken pot pie and ribs and the staff is very nice. Plus, there is a chalkboard in the bathroom so if you hang out w/ childish hooligans like I, they will draw inappropriate pics and scrawl obscenites.  It's a BYOB and usually I will use it as back up plan for last minute BYOB dinner plans within walking distance or if I get jonesing for some Elvis cake or fried chicken and waffles.There are only a few reasons why I am not a vegetarian.  One of them is that I LOVE a good Reuben.  I decided to try the Tempeh Reuben, and I really enjoyed it.  I am now one step closer to becoming a vegetarian; however, this place did not sell me on veganism.  I have had some really good vegan cheese before (Daiya products are moist and melty), but the vegan mac and cheese here was dry and tasted like cardboard.  I actually had to pour some of my water into it to moisten it a bit.  I also had the braised cabbage and poblano peppers with white beans, which were pretty decent.  I would say this place was not bad, but not impressive either.Ummm, I went here last fall and haven't been back.  There wasn't anything particularly memorable about the place, except there weren't many customers, and still service was very slow.  Maybe they've gotten their act together since then.  I don't know if I'll go back to find out unless there's a really stellar review of it on here.