I never use this app. So when i do it is either REALLY GOOD  or  Really Bad.  This is the latter.  
What a joke.  I am 33 and I have never asked for a refund in my life.  I was met with hostility, and  demanded that I show proof!   I am sorry that people have lied to you int he past - but I don't  Your food was crap  
Wings - not  at ALL buffualo wings.  The sauce was NOT buffalo sauce!  Cold small wings.  Just horrible.  Ate 1  and  felt sick --  had to throw it away.
The bacon cheese fries  --  4 strips of bacon laid on top of cheese fries.  Cold. 
So when I asked for a refund because the ONLY edible thing I ordered was the soda -  I was met with -- Well we want the  food back as proof.   Excuse me .. but I am not lying.  Your food was crap!  Was I supposed to tae a picture before eating?  
Maybe that's what you should write on your website and social media pages -- Make sure you take a picture before eating and or discarding it because the burden of proof is on you the customer if you want a refund!  Are you serious!?  
KEEP the  23.00!   If you lose one order worth 23.00 it will be worth it!  But you and I know  it will be more.    KEEP  the  23.00 !!! 
I don't need a response.   It won't make your food taste better!A friend of mine preferred Accu to the other choices, so I gave it a try. I ordered the Roasted veggie salad and a small plain pie. The salad...awesome! Fried eggplant slices on top of roasted asparagus, artichoke hearts smothered in garlic, roasted red peppers, raw green peppers, baby corn with a nice bed of dark green lettuce. So big and tasty, even after only eating 1/2 of the salad, I could only eat a single slice of pizza. the crust is a bit thicker than I usually like, but well cooked and crisp. Lots of cheese and a great sauce...more like marinara than usual pizza sauce.
I ordered through grub hub,  and it was delivered well before the scheduled time. I will order from them as my 'go to' for another pizza/salad nightOver the past few years their food is trash now. I don't know if they got a new chef in there or what but the hoagie are garbage, the cheesesteak are worse. Like who makes the food it's like a 6 year old don't know what goes into these things. It's dry.Accu, for some reason, never seemed appealing to me. The reviews weren't good and the place looked shabby. Recently, they underwent renovation and a neighbor said there burgers were good. I decided to give it a try.
The cashier seemed disinterested in her job and anything I asked, she seemed annoyed by because it meant she had to actually do something so simple as to talk.
I got this burger with blue cheese on it. I forget what it was called, but in the picture it had bacon. But in the description it did not list bacon. So, I asked if it did or did not come with bacon. I was told to ignore the pictures and go by the description. Who puts pictures up that don't represent the ingredients?
Anyway, I paid extra to add bacon. And I got some fries. The burger was passable, but the blue cheese was stank. It tasked too sour, like it might have been bad. I scrapped it off and ate the burger without it.
The fries were okay. Some were crispy and very tasty. But others were a little tough. I have no idea why they were inconsistent.
In short, I was disappointed and won't be going back to Accu.Accu used to be much better... I'm talking YEARS AGO. Ever since they switched from shredded sausage to ground it's been downhill. I have yet to see another place ANYWHERE with shredded sausage.
Let's see... they've messed up my orders many times over the years (15+ years), they can be rude over the phone and indifferent in person. Delivery guy usually has an attitude. Some of their past delivery guys were great though. I grew up on the pizza, but it's just not the same. At one point it was the best in the West. Now I'm searching for a new winner. I also think they're a bit pricy.
And I don't order their steaks, but people I know say they're dry. Eh.DO NOT order food from this place.  My order was confirmed at 6:06PM and did not arrive until 9:25PM!  We would have happily given up on the order but  these dishonest crooks continuously assured us that the order was en route. We kept calling for an update every 15 minutes only to hear the same lies over and over again.  When we made it clear that we were very upset (about 2 hours in), they finally made an honest attempt to look into the order.  They called back and told us that the order had accidentally been left behind and said if we still wanted the order, they could have it to us in fifteen minutes.  I asked for a little something to make up for the mistake and they agreed to send a slice a cheesecake. I asked the caller to confirm that it would only take 15 minutes. 70 minutes later - 70 effing minutes - the order finally arrived (luke warm as we expected).  The cheesecake that was promised was not included. 
To make matters worse, Accu's FOOD IS DISGUSTING. Their "Buffalo" wings taste like they were coated in ketchup and olive oil.  I am not exaggerating - it is definitely made with ketchup. I could taste neither butter nor hot sauce.  When we called to complain about the lack of cheesecake and fact that order was 55 minutes later than their last promise, they just passed the phone around eventually hung up rather than trying to do anything to make the matter right. I have never had a worse experience with a take-out joint in my entire life. Again, I am not exaggerating.
What a bunch of incompetent liars. I hate you, Accu.Poor service and very rude. They messed up my order, said it was my fault and wouldn't correct their mistake. That's after I was hung up on already. The food is not good enough to make up for the bad service!It may be for slightly sentimental reasons, but I absolutely love this place. This was my corner pizza joint in my old neighborhood, back when I first moved to Philly in 2005, and to be honest, it actually scared me a bit that I wouldn't be able to find a good slice of pizza in Philly at all. Thankfully, I was wrong about that, and so wrong about them.
I might still say "avoid the pizza," but when I say that, know that I haven't had it in at least 4 years, and they've majorly revamped the place and their offerings. The rest of their food, though, with very few exceptions, is fantastic. We're creatures of habit in my house, and I usually go for the chicken tenders (with fries &...well, more fries), and my gf gets the chicken gyro platter with fries & salad. Amazing, big portions of fresh food that tastes great.
I've had all of their appetizers over the years, and they were all awesome. Their cheesesteaks are pretty good (I typically get the buffalo chicken steak, but they're really all good, no matter how you get them), their hoagies are great, and they offer a ton more than that. I haven't been adventurous with the new menu stuff yet, but I'm a customer for life; I'll get to it all eventually.
More important than all of that, though, is the service. The location in West Philly used to be a little rougher than it is now, and sometimes you could tell because the counter girls would take precisely zero shit from anyone. But if you're in there often, and you're just--wait for it--nice to them, they're sweethearts right back. And the owner is an incrediblely nice guy, who remembers us immediately, even though we left the neighborhood two years ago. His family also runs J&P Seafood just down the block from them, and they're all really nice people. 
Add to it all that they've poured a ton of effort into remodeling the place, including loads of seating and making the place much more inviting than the take-out shop it used to be, and it's obvious they listen to the needs of then neighborhood. Good for them.
Yeah, I'm biased, but only because I've had nothing but great experiences with Accu. Good food, great people.first, their yelp page says they're closed on sundays but they're open on grubhub. hours are contradictory and so are the menu prices (grubhub vs yelp's eat24)
second, they are a 4 min drive away from me and it took over an hour for my burger and fries to arrive.
third, i RARELY EVER waste food...especially burgers and fries! either save it to give someone on the street or something...
all that being said, i paid $15 for a burger and fries. worst decision ever. the food is just not good. i ordered my burger medium. the patty and buns were so tough, i was actually fighting to eat it...also, was a little cold. i ate half of it and THREW IT OUT! that's how not good it was. fries were limp and cold. DEFINITELY not worth $4, that's for sure. i'll even go as far as to say that i've had better burgers and fries at fast food drive-thru joints. 
safe to say, i will not be ordering or eating here again.I frequent Accu Pizza only because it's the only pizza place within reach. Not the best pizza in the world, but certainly not bad and perhaps even a little better than just good.
Normally, their service is good. Once we called and the lady on the other line sounded like she was about to fall asleep. It was hard trying to understand her. Otherwise, I'd say Accu Pizza makes fairly good quality food for a great price with a pretty good staff.
-EddieSlowest most over priced food in the area. Only go there as a last resort and if you have allllll day to wait. Ridiculous.So I came here because it was convenient for me. I do stress unless you want to succumb to heart disease, stay away from their pizza. So much grease fell off of one slice of pizza I couldn't believe it. When I went to order my food the lady at the front counter seemed like she was having the worst day of her life. So I asked if she was having a bad day and her response was she just came in for the day. I couldn't believe she was so rude and seemed like she didn't want to be there when she just started. Customer service is HORRIBLE!!! I don't care if this is the last place on earth to eat at never again. Get new staff.....Okay... after giving Accu another shot out of the blue I have to give these guys a hand for turning their act around. Our pizza wasn't overdone and wasn't lacking toppings like before. 2 MAJOR tun-offs. Accu Pizza is redeemed! The pizza we got was the best it has been in the past few years. The flavor was right on! It was more like the Accu we remember. Pizza is what they do and that's what I care about. I can't speak to the other things I've been disappointed with (BLT club, caesar salad, cheesesteak) in the past couple years, but if they keep this up I may try those things again in time. But now that the pizza is back to where it was I don't want to miss out.
I know the place has undergone some changes as of late. I don't know if that includes new management and new staff though. Finally, you can sit down and have a meal now if I'm not mistaken. Also, I think the rude counter clerk is long gone. I tip my hat to Accu.This review is for my first pizza order from Accu pizza. 
I ordered online through Grubhub, the pizza was ready within about 10 minutes. I walked up, and everything was ready to go -- nice service no complaints. 
The buffalo chicken pizza itself was flavorful, good cheese and the chicken was what really set it apart, especially flavorful. 
The downfall of this pizza: not enough bleu cheese, and WAY TOO GREASY. This is the greasiest pizza I've ever ordered in Philadelphia.. in the 10 years I've lived here. Literally dripping through the pizza box and dripping through my plate. I haven't patted down pizzas since elementary school, but this pizza required a double patting.
Based on the yummy pizza I ordered, I would order again. But if it continues to lack some ingredients and that excessive grease, my reviews will be updated to reflect so.Oddly enough, this review is about barbecue not pizza. Haven't tried the pizza at Accu Pizza, but I will give them a thumbs-up for the BBQ. 
I love authentic BBQ. It's about the only thing I eat when in Kansas City or North Carolina -- which is not often enough, come to think of it. I'm not an expert but I can tell great from good from bad with BBQ.
The Accu BBQ lunch platter fell squarely in the good camp. The ribs and cornbread were solid. Sauce was tangy and thick. My tastebuds did a little dance, even though it was nowhere close to Jack Stack or Gates' in KC. 
Now, the service came with a bit of attitude. And the prices were just a touch more than you'd expect for the meal. But I'll order from them again sometime. Maybe I'll even try the pizza ...Ordering delivery, lady on the other hand has me spell my address 5 times at the least before she reads it back totally wrong, then tells me to wait and she hangs up on me. I call back again and a new guy answers and has the same damn probably spelling as the last lady pulling out letters from nowhere. Those 2 employees were frustrating and should not be answering the phone calls. I will edit after I eat their food. Decent lasagna. Didn't like the dressing for the salad, didn't like their jalopeno poppers.I ordered online, I wanted to check out a different pizza place. The order was ready quickly for pickup and the staff was nice and professional. Why only two stars? The pizza is horrible. It is the worst I've had in Philadelphia so far. I would compare it to bad cafeteria pizza: dry crust, lack of taste, worse than oven baked frozen pizza.
I don't know what ingredients they're using, but it seems they buy frozen crusts and apply toppings. Save yourself the trouble and go elsewhere. If you really want a slice, then add some flavor to it with ketchup and mustard (seems to be the only way to salvage it).Mmmm delicious. Burgers are the best as well as the milkshakes. Can't wait to try the avocado burger next.
Does take a while for food to be ready though.
Also, when eating the burgers, get ready for some heart burn.
Worth it for me but it is really intense in that area.Their hot wings are the best. Delivery is a little slow, but its worth the wait. I'm not a pizza fan but the household seems to love their pizza.My go to for a Stromboli, it's always consistently good and ready when you pick up. The ladies who typically answer the phone or check you out appear  that you are bothering them by calling but I guess Im use to it since I continue to support the business.Ordered two things last night one came the driver didn't know about the other. Delivery was over a hour for the first food item then another 45 minutes for the second item. The food is good, delivery is horrible and needs to improve IMMEDIATELY!!!Average food. Made me wait even though my food was already out. The lady at the counter is always on the phone and doesn't give a sh*t. Go somewhere else...This Pizza place is one of the most horrible places around.  The customer service is extremely horrible.  One night we ordered from there with no issue, however the next night we tried to order and they stated that they DON'T deliver to our location.  They were extremely rude and they left us a nasty voicemail. What my money wasn't green enough?  If I were you I would most definitely avoid this place like a plague.  Unfortunately it wouldn't allow me to post without a star rating.  So in reality my star rating is well below zero stars.Monique H I order from there a lot but I will never again the girls that answer the phone are rude and someone messed the order upI tried Accu one... more... time. It's just not what it used to be. I got the same pizza I always get and even the cheese tastes different. I notice the crust is consistently overdone too (brown/black vs golden). I'm gonna start seeking out some new options. For what they charge it's just not worth it anymore.The dumb girls answering the phone need to learn some manners and proper English.  
The food is decent but the attitude sucks, it's not my fault you have to work there.We ordered pizza and mild Buffalo wings. The pizza was good not greasy. The wings were fried great and not extra saucy like we like them. The Buffalo wings were mild but tasted a little like bbq sauce was on them. I would definitely go back.Went here for my second time today. This time I ordered the bleu ribbon cheeseburger. I ordered it medium well but it came out well done. Well done surely must mean burnt. The burger was still tasty nonetheless although it was a bit dry. The first time I went here I had a cheesesteak, the burger def beat the cheesesteak.
I bumped them up from 3 stars to 4, for the ease of ordering. They are on grub hub, and they also accept call in orders. You can pay thru the app and just pick up your food when it's ready, ez breazy.The French fries and chicken tenders are delicious. The pizza is better than my last pizza placeProbably the best pizza in West Philly... yes, service sucks... but don't all pizzerias? 
Their food is a heart attacks wrapped up in a lovely aluminum container but it's not like you're eating this stuff on a daily basis. I mean come on, when you get pizza it's because you want to splurge and not watch your waist line for once... If you're looking for non-greasy food from a pizza shop, good luck finding that in Philly! 
They're delivery is quite decent in speed and make sure they have your order down right! (in response to Stephen's post) that's one thing I've learned... I refuse to call back if they messed something up because you're just wasting your time. The girls answering the phones are pretty rude, I wish there was a way to speak to a manager without getting a 'tude from the girls. 
P.S. leftover pizza from this place is great. everything else needs to be eaten the day of. oh, don't get pasta dishes... they're terrible.Over the last year, I think I've tried at least something from every section of Accu's fairly extensive delivery menu.  I can't say that the service is the best, or that the food is medal-winning fare... however, I can say that my boyfriend and I continue to order from Accu, and that's not going to stop.  Where else in can I call to get a chicken cheese steak, a chef salad, and some carrot cake delivered at 11 pm on a Saturday?
Some of the things on the menu seem to be hit-or-miss... I was very unimpressed with the strawberry shortcake, but the carrot cake (both baked by Evan's) was actually VERY good.  After a try once with the pasta, I've decided that delivery pasta is a no-go.  But if I want a delivery cheese steak, Accu's actually pretty good.  I've also had good luck with their salads.  The pizza's okay, but most of the time we end up going for other stuff off of their menu.  They definitely DO remember you if you become a repeat customer, and the service seems to reflect it.Do you like grease?!
AWESOME. Then go to Accu Pizza in West Philly where grease seems as though it comes as a topping. Never in my life have I experinced the kind of gastric terror that Accu Pizza has given me every single time I have eaten anything from there. The pizza is so insanely greasy that there is literally a thick layer of it coating the top of any pizza that you order. Not to mention that the employees and delivery people are constantly rude. If you want to be sickened, irritated, and actually proclaim, "This pizza is HORRIBLE!" for the first time in your life, order from Accu Pizza.I recently ordered a buffalo wing platter and a large cheese pizza. 
The pizza was good. Nothing spectacular, just what you'd expect from a pizza store. 
Now the buffalo wings were rubbery. I had to put them in the oven to cook more. 
I've had other things from there were good. (Chicken fingers, cheesesteak, milkshake) 
I've also had things that were not good. (Burgers, quesadilla, buffalo wings) 
It's a hit or miss with this place.I may be a little bias since I have been eating here since at least the early 90's and I love it! 
This review is based off delivery (Order inside there is a bit of a tude) 
I have ordered here three times for delivery (EAT 24) during they holiday season, Thanksgiving through today, New Years Eve. All three times my food has been delish, hot, and quickly delivered and on scheduled via EAT 24. 
We normally don't switch up so our typical order is: Veggie Stromboli (the bomb), fries: they have a nice crisp on the outside and soft inside and have a seasoning on them, and wings: which are large, I was told "the skin is crispy and a good meaty taste and not too hard or soft" (lol)
High recommended! Thank you Accu for being consistent and reliable! XoxoFood is okay, however, service is horrible. Horrible customer service, very rude, especially the female worker that wears a head tie (non-religious related) daily. Usually order via GrubHub, however, went in to order and all three workers, including the managers ignored incoming customers. Stood there for 5 minutes waiting to order with several people behind me as they took every incoming call, back to back, without acknowledging any patrons. When addressed, I was told, in a very rude manner, that it was protocol to ignore patrons and prioritize phone calls, despite 3 workers being available to take an order.I go here often since its close. Decent food (no better or worse than most random pizza places in Philly). They're always friendly, though sometimes food takes a while. If you can, just call ahead!Ordered a chicken Alfredo pizza, probably not their top item on the menu but it was worth a try. Burnt crust and floppy pizza, I've had better outside of Philadelphia. My chicken tender platter is blah, Soggy fries and overcooked chicken tenders. It's okay for a neighborhood spot. Oh and my wait time was 45 mins for my order to go. It usually takes that long for delivery.They're NEVER on time, the food is just ok. Only reason i deal is because this area's other options are even worst. They're spinach avocado salad is good, pizza is good until it losing heat, then its rubber.Prices are to high i orderd a medium pizza
and a Deluxe cheese burger 22.00$
The pizza was so tiny u can put it in your
Pocket, the burger had a piece of Lettuce
and four thick tomatoes and that's it. 
That's not how u make a Deluxe.Pretty good pizza, the decor is cool. The milkshakes are weak. oh and they don't sell curly fries...I moved to this area and this is very close pizza place. I ordered through their website because seamless jacks up price. You can pay via credit card or with cash when you  pick up. I ordered a small mushroom pizza and greek salad. The Mushroom pizza, was not greasy, but, being from midwest, I like to taste my sauce, so, next time would order extra sauce. The Greek Salad was  huge, big enough for two people. They give you two cups of your dressing choice, which is good and some garlic bread. The place was jumping when I arrived with pick up. The dining room looks very clean. They have lots of different foods. Next time I will try the Chicken Gyro. The employees were very nice. My food was ready when I came to pick up 25 minutes later, so, website was true to their word.Their pizza was soggy and the cheese just flopped off when I tried to pull apart the pieces. Either it was undercooked or just made in a bad oven, not sure. Sad because it had a decent taste but didn't represent high quality pizza at all to me. The staff was clueless when I came in to pickup my order.I've been getting food from this place for my entire 24 years. But I have to admit this place seems to be going downhill. I'll list why:
1. The staff is horrible. I dread calling in because over-weaved, fake nailed bitches don't know how to communicate over the phone.
2. The prices have skyrocketed over the last 5 years.
3. Their pizza, which at one point was my absolute favorite, now has become habitually hit or miss. It used to always be a hit, hakuna mattata. Now I cross my fingers whenever I place my order.
4. I've come to realize their other foods leave much to be desired. Their strombolis aren't seasoned. Their wings are weak. Their salads are for people who are meat-lovers pretending to be healthy. The same thing goes for their wraps. Their pasta is comparable to  a bowl of Barilla noodles with Ragu sauce without salt and pepper. Accu Pizza does two things right: Pizza and, well, they remember your address according to your phone number if you've called before....Ha, I do like their cheesesteaks though.
5. Several times I've been disappointed with getting room temp food with delivery. 
6. They often forget to deliver EVERYTHING on your order. Be cautious when ordering sides.
I used to love this place. Now it's become very expensive for a West Phil pizzeria that sometimes isn't worth to treat yourself to. I feel this place nicking at my heart, chipping away at the way I used to remember it.Loved it! Staff is friendly and food is nice. We ordered french fries, turkey Hoagie and cheesesteak Hoagie. Huge portions.This place is o.k. I like the food like the menu but the management is unprofessional and hold they're selves in high regard to the next person they bought my son Ibrahim in for a 5 day trail basis mind u a stage aka. Trial is never one day it's either your capable or not he forgot to put bla cheese in a bag for a delivery order and they made it like it was a terrorist attack nothing's from scratch now to the cornbread to the fries so if you plan on eating there check your refridgerator...what they don't know my son is undergoing an internship to get rid of places that are not paying taxes so I wish them well but they need a new boss BIA US A FAKE AND SELF CENTERED PERSON people with a hear will understandSee, This is what I like about coming down to the city for haircuts. Not only can you buys a SOLID slice of pizza but also half a rack of ribs and rotissere chicken(with the sides to match). Where else...but in the city of growing waist bands and brotherly love.
I salute you Accu Pizza for all that your are and all that you aren't.After ordering on Slice, Supreme pizza arrived at the wrong time, then was redelivered cold and wet. I would have let it slide, but the crust tastes like cheap store bought, and now I'm not hungry but still sorely disappointed. Toppings ok, other than the canned mushrooms. Lots of other places to try!The fried chicken wings were nasty and the supreme pizza was nearly as good as it used to be. I was really disappointedMy medium size pizza was decent enough. It was the service that was the issue. My pizza and with a couple of drinks came to $17+. When I handed a $20, the person who met me at the door asked, "Do you need change?" I thought to myself: 1) I'm picking up my own meal; 2) This is a counter service restaurant; and, 3) Of course I would like change. But I was concerned I would receive a side order of attitude (or worse) with my pizza so I decided to let them keep it.
I understand we're in a pandemic and I'm happy to tip - and often extra - when greeted in a friendly way by servers who are short on customers. This situation just made me uncomfortable. The food may be alright but the approach won't encourage me to come back.The service was lousy The person to answer the phone was very rude very very rude The food was very nasty what I ordered I did not get will never ever go back to that place will call her please recommend it to anybody. And as far as reading it I'll give it a zeroI just ordered food online through Grub Hub.  They didn't have the shake flavor I wanted, so they called right away and offered an alternative.
The driver arrived 40 minutes ahead of schedule and was very courteous.  Food was delicious!  I got a steak sandwich and a butter pecan shake.  The sandwich was large and hot, with all the fixins I'd requested.  The shake was totally creamy and cold.  I would definitely order from here again!Super ghetto & disrespectful service. Ordered pizza at 9:51 at 11:09 still no delivery. When I called to inquire about the delivery she stated I should have been quoted over an hour for delivery however, I was quoted 45 minutes. When I told the woman on the phone the quote time I was given she screamed in my ear 3 times then hung up on me. Clearly this establishment doesn't have standards in the type of people they hire or care about customer service.I ordered a cheesesteak with provolone cheese salt pepper ketchup fried onions and mushrooms with a side of fries. It came in less than 30 minutes. When it arrived I tasted the meat first. It was delicious. The fries tasted delicious as well. I bit into the whole sandwich and I get a wad of mayonnaise in my mouth. I was very upset. I called the restaurant. I was put on hold. They then asked me what I wanted them to do. I just threw it out. I won't be exploring any more different restaurants for while.Being the son of the previous owner, and one of the family members preparing and cooking the food to all of our West Philadelphia customers, we are sad to hear there are so many bad reviews of our hard work to make a successful business. To the new Accu Pizza customers what you are getting is NOT what we served. Both the food and the service were a concern and if there was a problem it would have been addressed! There was only ONE thing more important to us then the customers, it was the food quality.Darn shame how they've fallen! Was a time the food was top quality and the service was likewise, but now, these days...
...I ordered a Stromboli that was more bread crust than filing...
...we order again (at the Wife's insistence), and it takes them over three hours to deliver the food!
It's a shame that such a good neighborhood spot has become so poor...
Time to find another go to spot...I used to order from this establishment pretty regularly because they had beef pepperoni.  However, that all changed after I called in to order their BBQ Chicken Pizza and asked them to substitute pulled pork for chicken and pickles for green peppers.
I was told "I need to check with the manager"  Which I thought was odd.  Then came the reply, "we don't do substitutions."
I replied, "Then I won't be doing business with you ever again." 
The reply..."Ok."  And they hung-up.
If you won't accept payment for food that you have every ability to make then I will never again offer to pay you for anything.not sure if cooks are different from 3pm or 8 pm ..I never know what i will get with their chicken Stromboli big chucks which i hate or cut fine like i love salt and pepper rarely. You use to be my go go for Stromboli's but you get a f .Now I need to find a new place..So let's start off with I had to call 10 times after getting through the phone was picked up and I guess sat down not put on hold just sat down so I could hear all the mess in the back after waiting 15 mins my order was taken I ask for my burger set on side and I was informed they could not do that... sit lettuce tomato and pickles on the side of a burger they could not do. Also as I tired to order I kept getting interrupted with the total never asking is there anything else and just saying a total as if I'm bothering yall as if y'all can run without your consumers money. I advise whom ever owns this place to ask every employee if they value their job because it seems as if it's a bother to do the bare minimum of the job they applied for.Decent food, good portions but seriously "$1.00 card fee", that's nickel and dime shit. Stop being so cheap, it's the cost of doing business and keeping customers happy!These ppl are rude as heck half the time but their food is good when they actually get your order correct! I usually get pizza but they have other good stuff on the menu. I don't order that often also because their rude and I talk back and they won't be messing with my food because I got smart back lol. Whatever tho go here,don't go here I don't care.Kindness woman answered the phone, she was very kind and patient while taking our long detailed order. Fantastic customer serviceTop of the line‼ I have placed orders with them on a few occasions and wow! Their food is mouth watering delicious and the portions are plentiful. They may be a little costly but believe me, well worth it. Should you order their large rib platter, come with an appetite. I got three portions out of the platter. Bon appétit‼Very Rude they don't take cards over phone forcing you to pay extra five dollars to wait 50 mins for wrong order when ppl can just order and walk to pick up their order Horrible place pick up 25min ordering 45 to 50 mins never ordering from there again And or J&P SEAFOOD RESTAURANT as well owned by the same ppl ON spruce stThis review is dedicated to the pizza place that delivered to our West Philly home the latest. When it comes to taking care of that food itch during a late night game of pool it isn't about quality of food, it's about feeding the beast! and for this Accu Pizza delivers (literally).
Low on quality. Big on Quantity. And free pudding once they start to remember you.
The next day feelings will not be commented on!