we were four for dinner and it was enjoyed by all. started with the foie gras poutine, a good portion of foie for the $$. the rest of this dish could be shared with 2 or 3 others if you're ordering an entree. I had scallops with kale and deep fried rice ball, very tasty, 4 large scallops, perfectly prepared. one of us had the pork belly and claimed it best ever. desserts were also high on the mark, apple pie with cinnamon ice cream in its own saute pan, bread pudding and ice cream for another was devoured. I highly recommend Adsum, good service, good food, good value.Had dinner with my husband and a couple good friends. Food was a little weird. I don't get the tastykake sliders, seems strange to pay that much for something that comes in a cardboard box and is sold at Wawa.Went here for dinner on a Thursday night.  It was surprisingly not very crowded.
We decided to try the rock octopus for an appetizer.  It was okay, but the portion was very small.
I ended up having the burger. I agree with other posters that its tough to eat because the shape of the burger is more round than flat.  Otherwise I thought the meat was perfectly medium rare, and the toppings were really great.  My fries were delicious.  My friend got the fish and chips.  He said the chips were amazing, but the fish was just one piece of cod.  I think it was enough food, bit it looked really small compared to the burger.  I tried his tartar sauce and thought that was great.  I almost asked for some for my fries. 
There are definitely other items on the menu I'd like to try in the future.I made my way here with my good friend Quinn on a Sunday for a quick bite to eat.  I heard Adsum has a great burger.  So at 5:30 we walk in and are seated at the bar.  Sunday happy hour, not bad: $2 cans of Yella Pils and Phoenix pale ale.  
The atmosphere here is kind of cool, it's trying to be an old time pharmacy. There are beakers and test tubes, and book shelves behind the bar filled with all kind of gadgets and books. Even though we were there pretty early in the evening and it wasn't busy, the service was surprisingly slack. We were the only people eating dinner and it took about 30 minutes to get our orders.
The burger is served with cheddar, which is not my favorite cheese for a burger. It's congealed before you can finish.  The caramelized onions, however, were an excellent topping.  But the size of the burger was the most problematic.  It more of a ball shape than a patty.  It's nearly impossible to fit into your mouth.  To boot, my burger wasn't near the medium rare that I ordered.  The duck fat fries, which were served on the side, were good and crispy, but had no flavor indication that they were cooked in any special way.
Bottom Line: This place is decent and unique. The service needs a little work, and if I'm back, I won't have the cheeseburger. I'm not going out of my way to visit Adsum again.Had dinner here last night and as I was telling a coworker about it this morning, I realized I was really underwhelmed by the meal. And the cocktails. It's cute inside and they were very nice to us. A cocktail filled with some of my favorite ingredients was nothing special, although my friend had something delicious. We had a tomato salad with amazing tomatoes but also some kind of tuna raspberry miso thing that tasted ok but was just over my head or something. Entrees were fine. I'm under the impression that menu changes often so I would certainly go back for another chance.I tried the Tasty Cake sliders.  People will likely be pretty polar about the taste combo.  I thought it was pretty good to have the saltiness of the cheese and meat mix with  the sweet tasty cake.  But i don't think i'd order it again.  
great service and extremely diverse menu.Came here brunch with friends and we had such a good time! I think my favorite part - aside from all the natural light and science equipment they used for decoration - was the bellini. I can't stop thinking about the amazing difference a small scoop of fig sorbet makes in a citrus bellini. It was refreshing and the perfect drink for a Sunday morning. 
I ordered the extremely cheesy mac and cheese and couldn't have been more pleased. You can never go wrong with mac and cheese you know. The fi ordered the poached eggs which were so fluffy but I wasn't a fan of the potato hashbrown it was on. Too crunchy. Also, if you come here, be ready to spend some money. I found it to be pretty expensive.Valentine's day is not a good day for dining out.
Love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love.
All you need is love.
And Adsum.
It was already crowded at 6:30.
And,
the service was great.
the food was great,
and all the sweethearts were having a great time.
Everyone loved everyone else.
And my sweetheart and I walked home 
arm in arm with smiles and full bellies.I read about this place in the Inquirer and decided to stop in last Saturday evening and give it a try.  Because of the nice weather I decided to dine outside. I walked right up and was seated immediately, without a reservation.  I ordered the fried chicken, collard greens, and corn bread platter.  The chicken was tasty and I was pleasantly surprised to find that it had been deboned so I didn't have to deal with that mess.  The collard greens and cornbread were also pretty good.  Next time I will try the burger and duck fat french fries several of those platters passed by my table and made me question by order. I found the service to be pleasant and they also have a nice selection of cocktails to enjoy with your meal.  all in all it  was a good experience.This place is so noisy that you can't taste the food. 
Seriously, though, the food is good, though the menu is contrived. No reservations (except before 5:30 or after 10 or for parties of 6 or more), so at times the place was filled to capacity with people waiting. Service was leisurely, which was fine, but everything was overshadowed by the NOISE.I went here with a buddy of mine because we heard the former chef of Lacroix ran this place. We are the very first table in there right at 5pm. Our server is outside smoking a cigarette as we sat there for 10mins with no water, nothing on our table.Thank fully the hostess gave us menus and water. Finally she notices that she has a table(even though we walked right by her to get into the place) she throws her cigarette down on curb, doesn't wash her hands, and greets us. I ask her a few questions about the beer list and menu and she really doesn't know what the hell shes talking about. I order a burger. How can they screw that up? I think there was suppose to be pancetta on the burger. I got caramelized onions and was served two to three little diced bits of pancetta on the burger. At least the burger was temped properly. Maybe "pancetta" was the onions cooked down in pancetta fat...or something.....fries weren't crispy either. Also saw the chef outside playing with a dog with his apron on and side towel on his shoulder. Hope he washed his hands before he worked with anymore food. Pretty sure he was smoking cigs out in front of the restaurant too. Could be wrong. I give it a F for FAIL!No other chef in the city of Philadelphia has made himself seem as accessible as Matthew Levin. The unassuming air about him, his proclivity for speaking his mind on Twitter, his body covered in tattoos; he's "one of  us".
Despite his time at the helm of some prestigious ships, he does not come off as pretentious or unapproachable. Rather, he is there to comfort you and give you what you want, if what you want is to be indulged.
The music blaring over the speakers is lifted straight from my iPod. The menu is tailored those who remain unconcerned about the nearing swimsuit season. The fried chicken portion is on scale with the size an average meteorite, the burger is brontosauran. An item on the dessert menu features bacon.
It's easy to buy into Levin's street level marketing. Long before I stepped foot in Adsum, I knew I'd be ordering the Tastykake Sliders. Was I sure what they were? Not really but that wasn't going to stop me. I would eat them, like them, and, as I forked over money for them, I would feel like I was personally doing my part to save the struggling Philadelphia institution, Tastykake.
So, when I finally did walk through the front door of Adsum, my mind translated his accessibility into some sort of personal relationship. When Levin appeared at the bar, carrying plates of food in his hands, I half expected him to come over to our table and personally serve us. 
"Marcello, we've been expecting you," he'd say. "I know how much you love gnocchi and chicken cutlets and have gone to great lengths to prepare them for you, just like your Nonna used to make."
He'd raise his hand, snap his fingers, and the staff would scurry behind him to begin assembling my meal. Being a reasonable person, I would understand if he did not have the time to stand above me and shave Parm Reg onto my pasta. After all, he's a busy man.
Naturally, my unrealistic expectations went unmet. However, we did get a sincere apology from our server who, due to a miscommunication, was unaware that we were seated fifteen minutes prior to being greeted by her. Any remaining tensions were resolved by a complimentary round of drinks.
From that point forward, we had a very solid and consistent meal that far exceeded the expectations set by some fellow Yelpers whose opinions I hold in high esteem. 
After dinner, my wife and I discussed the new restaurants we tried in the last year and came to the conclusion that, from start to finish, this was one of the better meals we have had. Nothing was subpar or went untouched, including all sauces and sides. Each bite or sip was equally enjoyable. 
Adsum has neither the highest highs nor the lowest lows of the Philadelphia dining scene but, assuming our meals were the norm, that's a fair trade-off for an unwavering dining experience.Three words:
FOIE GRAS POUTINE.
that's all.
The dish is so delicious, so perfectly executed and reminiscent of my hometown - paring a traditional Québecois favorite with succulent foie gras, it almost makes me poetic.  In fact,
"But soft! What delicious gravy through yonder cheese curds break?
It is the foie gras, and the poutine is the sun!
Arise, fair Adsum, and kill the envious duck fat fries,
who are already crispy and so delicious,
That thou their contents art as good as the whole."*
If you don't know from poutine, if you've never experienced poutine, I urge you, no,  I will push you to Adsum and have you order the dish. 
The fries, perfect in size, consistency and they hold up under the gravy that is perfectly seasoned.  Good amount of crunch and the only thing I would ask to have more of (but this might just be a personal thing) is that they add just a little more of those cheese curds (that somehow I can't find anywhere around here, assume it's made in-house)  No matter, poutine is the game here, and the poutine is what you must order.  Simple as that.
The former Coquette digs are just as Bistro-ish as ever and cozy.  Solid service, lovely menu selections, respectable wine list and wines by the glass at a reasonable price, although it could stand to have a couple lower price points on some of the red wine bottles, since all but one start at $40.   
Have only had dinners here, so I can't speak to the lunch or brunch menu, so I'll have to definitely mosey on over and indulge, although it might be difficult to tear me away from ordering the poutine, over, and over again.
* Shakespeare is always good to use to expound on food, no?I was hoping this place would be more gastro-pubby, and while it is somewhat, I think it leans more towards the bistro-esque feel.  
My dining partner in crime and I shared the apps of fried oyster and grilled squid.  The fried oysters were fine, as with anything that is battered and deep fried (I repeat...ANYTHING)...but the squid was awesome.  For entrees, my buddy got the burger and I had the grill fish.  Now, I've been getting grilled fish whenever I see it on the menu and I've yet to have one that distinguishes itself from the rest.  This unfortunately includes Adsum.  I hear the burger was great though.  
I wish I could have gotten the squid in some entree form.  Like a grilled squid....burger/wrap/pasta...I'm just saying, it was that good.  
It's worth a revisit, just no rush for it.I moved a block away from Adsum about a month ago and I have already been here 5 times. I have never ordered the same thing twice and I am always amazed at how good it is. I absolutely cannot stand mushrooms....period. Some friends we brought here order pickled mushrooms and I tried it not to be rude. Holy crap they were awesome. I ended up fighting them off for the last few. My highlights here to far are the Pork Sliders, Pierogies, and the Biscuit, Cheddar, and Maple butter small plate.  
On top of the food, the staff is awesome. Especially Jo, who is great and turned me on to Crown Royal Black. I can't wait to try brunch, the menu looks great.
Seriously just go. I don't know how other yelpers can give Adsum any less than four stars. We have lived in Boston, CT, NY, and now back to Philly and this ranks with our favorite spots.Loved it! Went here for some lite bites and drinks and was not disappointed.  Interesting wine selection and the bartender steered me in the right direction with the full-bodied Pinot Noir.  Also got the rock octopus and tuna carpaccio appetizers.  Perfection.  They were both two of the best appetizers I've had in Philly.  Seriously delicious.  My only negative comment is that the prices are just a little high, but I'd still definitely be back to try dinner some time.   In the mean time, I'd highly  recommend this place for drinks and appetizers to anyone looking for a fun and unique space with tasty food options.Adsum, Adsum, Adsum. I wanted to love you SO BADLY! You are beautiful and quaint and every time I walk past on my way back from the gym, the entrees on the chalkboard look so promising. Was here with a party of six Friday night. Our server was pleasant and helpful, reserving the last of a fish special for one of my co-diners. I had the short rib flatbread and a salad with sesame dressing that I cannot remember, so it must not have been that memorable - - oops. I did have two memorable poppy cocktails, which were delicious. Tried a few bites of the potine, which was amazing and a few bites of the mushroom sides. To quote Dwight Schrute: "Good, not great."down from the higher elevation wilderness to philly for a city meal.
where should we go? ah yes, adsum beckons.
heather makes us feel comfortable.
christina takes care of us. 
i pinot noir. pops has some new white wine.
fried oysters, always very good.
fish and chips, fantastic. malt vinegar with the fries. pickle tartar.
grilled romane. you will like this salad.
asian pig tails, no corkscrew curls, good like chicken wings.
after three glasses of wine each, pops does something unheard of.
she orders dessert!
some cakey thing she remembers from her childhood.
burp.
we waddle waddle home full and happy, thinking of the wilderness.My husband and I originally had our sights set on a "French bistro" meal, with Bastille Day still fresh in our minds.  We wanted to go to Bistrot La Minette, but it was closed on Sunday, so we decided to check out Adsum, just one block away, which advertises itself as a neighborhood bistro.
That was our first mistake.  We got seated at a good table, right next to the window, but our good table placement was quickly eclipsed by the fact that it was probably 85 degrees in the restaurant.  No fans, no air circulation . . . not a pleasant way to enjoy a meal.
Still feeling positive, we decided to get a few drinks and an appetizer to start.  The wine list had about 5-6 glasses of white wine.  They were "all out" of the one my husband chose, which was a little bit strange given the place just opened, but we were still feeling positive.  The cocktail (with poppy seeds, sort of whimsical) was good.  We ordered the octopus, and we proceeded to wait quite a while.  Thinking bread would be coming out at any time (it is a "bistro," after all), we stayed patient.  No bread ever came, and it didn't appear that anyone else around us was served bread.  When the octopus finally came out, we were underwhelmed.  For $12, you should get more than a half of an appetizer plate's worth of octopus.  In defense of the octopus, it did taste good, but I wanted three times as much.
For mains, we got the lamb and the whole fish.  The lamb, which was advertised as served with lentils and chickpeas, was overcooked and, again, slight on the portion size.  There were about two tablespoons of lentils and maybe 7 chickpeas.  Average at best, and not worth $22.
The whole fish also left quite a bit to be desired.  They filleted it at the table and did a very sloppy job and took away too much of the fish.  What was left was pretty good, but it was served with basically a guacamole ("green sauce" it what it said on the menu) and tomatoes, which didn't really add much to the fish.  I can make fish with guacamole myself at home, thank you.  The "popped wild rice" was, as a previous reviewer stated, a tablespoon of toasted rice, no more, no less.  Not exactly what I was envisioning.  Given that they didn't serve us any bread to start, the 1/2 ounce of octopus and the relatively small amount of fish with guacamole just wasn't doing it for me.
We ordered two more drinks.  One glass of wine, one can of beer.  The server attempted to pour the beer into a glass, but spilled it all over the table.  No apology, no new beer.
Overall, Adsum seemed like it might have potential, but it has a ways to go.  Neighborhood bistros need to serve bread.  They need to serve dishes that taste good and that are not skimpy on the portion sizes.  You shouldn't leave still feeling hungry, having spent $100.  We got a slice of pizza on our way home.  One star.This is a great new place!  Top to bottom we had a great experience with a large group.  I am not sure why it says it is not good for groups - We had 10 and it was wonderful.
The decor is impressive and interesting; there is a science lab type feel that actually works.  It certainly doesnt feel like a cheap gimic.  It has a fairly chill lounge atmosphere where if they took away the tables and added couches you could see it being the new hot bar.  In fact taking someone to the bar there would be a great date spot (they have a great wine list, about 20 good beers, and a very creative cocktail menu... I would stay away from the unholy water, its tasty and different, but in the end it feels like you are drinking tequila and chili powder).  Our waiter was also very nice and  knowledgeable. 
Finally to the food - Had the bibb salad, burger, and scallops.  Everything was top notch.  The salad had a ton of flavor.  The burger was great and I would compare it to Grace's Tavern with a char grilled tasted.  The scallops were wonderful and cooked perfectly.  Others at the table had the lamb shank, perogies ("best perogies ever"), and chicken, which everyone loved.  Our friend that had the biscuit said that sharp cheese really overpowered everything else.  Another person had the grilled octopus and it looked so good that I wish I would have ordered it. 
The only reason it gets four stars is because the perogies and scallops came with nothing else.  It isnt a quantity issue (there were four very large scallops served) but like others I enjoy eating different foods together with some sort of rice or vegetable.  It would have been especially nice with something as rich as scallops.  
I would absolutely recommend this place to others and will go again.  This is my first review - I had to give Adsum props especially in the face of some negative reviews which I cant imagine they deserve.5-star brunch!!!  Chorizo corn dogs are unbelievable and the home fries are so creamy and stick-to-your-ribs delicious -- Best. Home fries. Ever.  Beignets are also amazing, with a cream filling and a side of raspberry jam, and the stuffed French toast is fantastic.  (I have a sweet tooth so those two were right up my alley.)French Canadians should ban Adsum from labeling items on their menu as Poutine. 
There is no doubt that both of them use potato as one of their main ingredientbut their relation is as close as corn chips are to Goodyear 's BioTRED tires made directly from cornstarch.
The perogies were slightly rubber like and even their mac & cheese was undercooked. The grilled romaine salad was the only thing that we ate.Although I did enjoy my meal at Adsum there were aspects ofthe menu I found a little off putting. For example I had read that the tater tots were like no tater tot I had ever eaten. Wrong! They were tater tots that could have been served in a high school cafeteria. Two of us were very satisfied with our entrees, pork belly with black beans and peperoni and short ribs. But the third member was not happy that his lamb was rare and not medium and way to chewy. We split two deserts, one the ricotta dougnuts with a choclate ancho dipping sause that could definitely have used more ancho and a remarkable brown sugar bread pudding. The service was excellent if perhaps a little overly doting. The noise level was, however, ear splitting making it close to impossible to have a conversation. I guess the thing about Adsum is that it was for the most part an enjoyable but it doesn't give you any reason to go back.2 words,
adsum, awesome.Definitely is present, and incredible. Menu like I have never seen before. Things I would never have eaten together somehow taste amazing. The cheeseburger sliders with chocolate peanut butter tastycakes for buns was actually delicious. Wine is great and music is cool.Food is, for the most part, upscale comfort food. Decent beer selection (which is decently priced). Food is priced as upscale. Our waiter seemed knowledgeable about the menu. Wasn't thrilled with my appetizer (monkey bread with aged gouda), but then I'm not a huge fan of hard cheese. LOVED my entree (salmon -- cooked perfectly). We skipped dessert. Service was slow (went on a Saturday night). But would go back."'Refined Neighborhood Bistro' Needs Refining"
Adsum may be hot, but 1st visit left me cold.
Poutine: The potatoes were uneven temp, in the way that microwaved food can sometimes be. Made the cheese not melt well and the whole dish just weird in a leftovers kind of way.
Whole fish: Ill-conceived dish and a deep disappointment. "Green sauce" was an unexpected and not entirely welcome avocado-based affair: a sticky, thin guacamole-ish deal, and not a nice complement. Stewed side tomatoes seemed thrown on the plate as an afterthought, which cannot be possible, as clearly the chef here gave a lot of thought to his menu. They did not retain heat and tasted like they were spooned from a room-temp can. Accompanying starch: a single tablespoon worth of popped rice. And not one grain more. Hence protein and starch were not in balance. It was nice to see something relatively healthy on an otherwise cholesterol-a-rama menu, but God as my witness, I will never order this again.
Coffee: Tasted burnt. Diner quality.
I wanted something chocolate for dessert, but they don't offer chocolate. For a bistro, this is criminal. 
Bread pudding: I was warned: 'watch out, this pan is extremely hot.' And it was. Yet the entire center of my $9 dessert was room temp. Its primary flavor was sugar and there was no contrasting secondary flavor -- unless you count the bananas on top, which just tasted like more sugar. Room temp + sugar X 1000 - delicious = I pushed it away. At this point I was ready for my check (not to mention dinner do-overs.)
Look. Adsum has great potential. But on my virgin voyage tonight, the boat did not leave shore.
I spoke about most of these things with the waitstaff, who were very receptive to feedback. (It felt *very* awkward giving it, but I thought, better to speak than stew.)
As they were very receptive, offered to fix things every step of the way, and even removed items from the bill - i.e., they went above and beyond ... I really debated whether I should post this review, or wait and go a few more times. 
I'll definitely return, as others report great experiences here, and I very much want the restaurant to do well. (It's completely packed at all times, so I don't think they'll have any problems.) But the point of Yelp is to share your experience: good, bad and ugly. 
And tonight it was bad and ugly.Adsum is awesome.
I was so excited to eat here. SO EXCITED. And it delivered, I was so happy. My boyfriend and I visited on a Friday night, around 8. It was a packed house, as the space is very small inside. So we waited about 30 minutes. Not bad in my opinion. It gets very loud in there because everyone is enjoying themselves, so naturally, they're a little louder as a result. The bf and I are beer people, and we each got Sly Fox cans. I'd really like to try a cocktail here soon. ASAP. We ordered "tater tots, whiskey, bacon, ranch" and were delighted by them. So what if an order doesn't come with a whole mound of tots. They're wonderful, and they had some kind of green-ish pearls on them too. I was having a hard time choosing either the burger or the mac & cheese with cornbread crumbles. We both ordered the same thing: the "Adsum burger, farmhouse cheddar, pancetta-onion fondue, duck fat fries." For $12, you are fed. I took the other half of my burger home. It was a messy, melt-in-your-mouth, delicious burger. I can't get over Adsum. So inventive and delicious. The ambiance is great too. Crowd is very mixed, but I'd say my bf and I were probably the youngest folks there (we're 23) - didn't bother us. I can't wait to go back and dine outside or grab a cocktail. Really wanting those Kandy Kake Sliders. I am so excited to come back! Love you Adsum, love you Chef Levin.We started of with the fried lettuce. Never seen anything like this before ( nor did i think, lettuce will survive after being fried). Tasted amazing. I hand the lamb shank and my wife had scallops. The lab was very well cooked and blended well with the sauce. The place was packed on a saturday. You wont stand a chance here without reservation. The ambience and furniture design is very unique. I heard most of the stuff is recycled from a old school. Great concept. The menu is limited ( so dont go if are big on choices), but well thought through.Take this review with a giant grain of salt (or two or three or eight). We went here on a whim, following an already complete dinner (sushi - yum!). We went in, waited at the bar, ordered takeout, and left. All on a mission for one thing: Tastykake sliders.
Yes, it's exactly what it sounds like. Beautifully cooked (medium rare) patties on a chocolate Kandy Kake "bun." Gotta do what you can to support the dying Tastykake business (which is preposterous, if you ask me). It is not officially on the menu and a little on the pricier side ($11 for 2 sliders). The sweet sauce that is served with it is a little overpowering, but the combination of good beef, melty chocolate, and peanut butter filling is hard to match, though takes some getting used to. Don't try it if you're not willing to get messy.
Overall, I'd give it about a 3.5 (curse you Yelp for not letting us give partial stars!). Probably would be a solid 4 if it was a bit cheaper. 
And if I were hungrier. 
And perhaps drunker.Cutting through all the crap, this restaurant needs alot of work on its food. the dinig area is small, but still comfortable. The service is pleasant and professional. Adsum just needs to lose that chef Matt Levin. When I went there last year, this peacock just strutted around the dining room like he was posing.....or filming a cellular phone tv commercial since that was all he was doing while out there. There had to be more to do as the chef than walk around the front checking your facebook status on your phone. He should have been checking his octopus, cause it was rubbery and bland. The food just seemed like he tried too hard to be innovative, but forgot how to cook with love and FLAVOR. Anyway, please owners, get rid of that joke of a chef and I guarantee your restaurant will turn around. Levin is an overrated bum of cook!Everything the folks who give the place 4 stars are true, the food is good and the drinks are great.  I just didn't find it that interesting and rather overpriced.I get it, Chef. You want me to be fat and happy. Why else would you offer the super poutine: duck fat-fried spuds dusted in cheddar cheese powder then sauced with duck and foie gravy and topped with cheese curd, bacon, fried egg and foie gras? There can be no other explanation. 
I've heard a mix of emotions about this place and the heaviness of its dishes. I think that it's everyone's inner food voice giving them a guilt trip. Tell your inner food voice I said go suck on lettuce.
There is nothing to dislike here. Creative drinks that go down easily, service and atmosphere so friendly you'll feel at home, and food flavored on so many levels you'll want more. In a local food review I read an apt recount of a chef/patron saying the food was so good (poutine, specifically) that it makes you want to get drunk, so drunk you're ready for another round.
Agreed.Was here for my cousin's Bday. I had the adsum burger which was huge and messy, not bad though. The Super Poutine was yummy, along with the pickled mushroom.  The grilled octopus was ok. It had a sweet BBQ like glazed on it which made it tasty. My brother had the Short Rib and it was really dry. Not what he expected, but he ate it anyways.I've only been once and for brunch, but man was it satisfying. The two bloody marys I had were wonderfully spiked with liberal amounts of horseradish. 
We split the apple fritters. I'm not a huge fan of sweets, but these were dense and cinnamon-sugar laden. They're basically like gourmet Dunkin Donut munchkins.
My long-time, and unsatiated, desire for fried chicken was finally quenched by their large plate of just that. Huge piece of breast meat and a generous thigh (I think) as well. 
No complaints. Definitely would go back for dinner and splurge for their burger with foie gras.I was really excited to visit Adsum, but unfortunately, it just didn't deliver.
I started with the Unholy Water cocktail, which sounded really interesting, with blanco tequila, berry, and balsamic flavors, but ended up just tasting like watered down, smoky tequila.  Not a great way to start.  We continued with the poutine, tater tots, pickled watermelon, and bone marrow.  The poutine was a really strange combination of flavors-- a mountan of fries mixed with hunks of mozzarella cheese, topped with the foie gras and all drizzled with brown gravy.  It was all heavy and the cheese seemed to have no place in the dish.  I'm not extremely familiar with bone marrow, but I didn't love their interpretation of it.  The tater tots and watermelon were okay, but not show-stopping enough to overshadow the bad drinks and other two appetizers.  
The service didn't do too much to help, either.  After sitting for an hour and a half, our entrees were nowhere to be seen.  I also was brought a drink I didn't order.  When we (politely) pointed out the problems, our server seemed offended, even though we assured him that it wasn't his fault-- the place clearly had some kinks to work out (mostly in the kitchen).
The bottom line is, Adsum has potential, but with so many other great places in the city, I'm not sure I'm in the mood to wait around for them to get on track.Went here for Valentines Day with the boo and really didn't know what to expect because she seems to like "edgy" places and I let her pick the spot.
The space is small and we had to wait about 20 mins despite having a reservation but it's definitely understandable on V-Day. We stood by the small bar and took everything in.
We started with the tater tots and the smoked mushroom pickles which I thought were pickles but they were actually mushrooms (I've made mistakes like this countless times). My disappointment was quickly washed away after tasting the little bastards in their bacon aioli (I think that's what it was). We polished all of that off with a half bottle of wine and kept on pushing ahead.
I can only really speak about what I ordered because when the waiter placed in in front of me everything else seemed to fall away sort of like Inception. I got the fried chicken, cornbread and collards with ham hock. After my first bite of chicken I felt the plate and I were the only beings on the planet and was finally understanding the true meaning of Valentines Day. It was crispy, juicy, and huge. The sides were incredible but they were only preparing me for how good the chicken would be because I may have fallen out of my seat without them.
The whole night was perfect, unfortunately I left with the chicken that night and boo and I are no longer together.... cue dream sequence. 
So if I didn't creep you out too much definitely try Adsum, you won't be disappointed (unless you're a vegetarian)!!Why haven't we tried Adsum before is beyond me.
I remember walking by and seeing the logo but never really cared to walk in... but after reading a few reviewed from friends on Yelp and having an opportunity to go out while we got a night off from childcare, we decided to try it...
What can I say?
The menu was definitely designed for someone like me. I had a tough time trying to decide what I want and in the end, we ended up getting a bunch of appetizers, simply to try more different things..
Kumomoto oysters are always great and though personally I am against putting fish roe on top, I do agree that it is a cool idea and most people would like it...
Grilled romaine was pretty good, pork belly taco were great (though I made a mistake of eating them last so kind of spoiled it for myself), but the day belonged to the tastycake sliders - I honestly was not sure what to expect and was afraid I'd hate them... the first bite was kind of strange - it's a burger and a nice juicy one at that, yet my mouth is filled with sweetness.. but this strangeness was quickly replace by want of more and well, I wish they gave you 3 instead of two..
All in all a very good place and we definitely need to come back to try a few other things...I was very excited to try this restaurant...unfortunetely it wasn't as great as I thought it would be! Ambiance was great. Loved the bookshelves behind the bar. While the wait staff was friendly, the service was very slow. My table of 3 ordered 6 different dishes. Had the romaine salad first- I liked the dressing but the croutons were stale and had no flavor. BBQ pork sliders (had REALLY been craving these!) They would have been great if they had more pork in them. I barely tasted anything but bread. The horseradish/shortrib flat bread was OK. Though I felt like in the back of my mind I kept comparing it to the short rib flat bread at Amada...which is out of this world. The mac and cheese I really enjoyed, would definitely get that again. The burger was amazing. The fries were also very very good. Lastly got the biscuit with apple butter and Cheddar cheese. Very tasty though I wish there was more apple butter. The deserts looked amazing but we didn't have time to order any! I cant say I would rush back especially for the price.One of the most pretentious restaurants ever. Food portions are ridiculously small and expensive. I ordered shrimp and grits. The grits were basically a light smear on a plate with three or four shrimp floating on top for the crazy price of $22! If I'm going to pay $22 for grits I'd better get Paula Deen-sized portions.love the duck fat fries with foie gras....how can it get any better?Grilled Octopus.
Came here with a friend for dinner one evening.  We had a reservation and walked into the very packed restaurant.  I was here once when it opened but then I took a good break until this second visit.
As the review begins, we had the grilled octopus appetizer.  I have to say that it was one of the most splendid things I've had.  It was very tender and in a sauce that had good texture and complexity of flavor.  I did think the price was a bit steep for the portion size.
My entree was good but I think I wanted it to be better.  I had the fried chicken and while the chicken was cooked perfectly, it was the batter that I took issue with.  It seemed cake-like in a way and I felt it was a bit too heavy.  The collards along side of it were very tasty.  My friend had the lamb shank and I didn't even get to try it because apparently it was so good he tore through it before I got the chance to get a piece.
Service was excellent.  The wait staff was very pleasant and accommodating.  I like this place and it's very unique.  I shall return.I stumbled upon Adsum this past Sunday (7/18/2010) and I was taken to a new level of culinary heaven.  Aside from the amazing chicken livers at Couchon, I have never tried offal but I have always been curious about it.  So, throwing caution to the wind, I ordered Bone Marrow as my appetizer and KFC Sweetbreads as my entree.  Wow was I glad I took the leap to French peasant food here!  I've been eating American peasant food my entire life (Kraft Mac & Cheese) but French peasant food, well that was something I was holding off on trying until I hit the "Big Time."  Realizing that "Big Time" is all relative and I guess this is probably it for me, it seemed like the time was right.  So, just to let you know that I would not know spectacular offal from awful offal, I offer my humble review below.
The Bone Marrow was presented as two 4-inch veal shank bones with a small spoon to scoop out the marrow in the center of each bone.  Crusty toasted bread slices, caramelized onions, and chopped parsley were also included to allow you to create a small bone marrow sandwich, which is what I proceeded to do.  Once I got past the gelatinous texture of bone marrow, I found the taste very pleasing.  It was like a very rich and savory butter.  
My entree was the KFC Sweetbreads.  Being the poorly informed male slob that I am, I assumed that sweetbreads were just a good marketing term for brains.  But I decided to confirm my ignorance by asking the waiter and he corrected my saying that sweetbreads were thyroid glands (in this case from lambs).  I thought about it for a minute and I could not decide if I was relieved that it was only thyroid and not brain or if his clarification was a non-event.  When he brought the plate out it had 4 sweetbreads on it with a small container of dipping sauce.  I was immediately reminded of Chicken McNuggets and my stress level decreased dramatically.  The sweetbreads were very rich, moist, and had a crispy-fried coating, but maintained a spongy texture inside.  I enjoyed them very much.
Overall, the food was amazing (my first offal!), the service was very good and not intrusive and just perfect for a street-side French bistro.  
If you are interested in a great French Bistro experience with unique menu items and are in the Queen Village area, then I highly recommend Adsum.
Cheers!Had higher hopes for this place, but all around was OKAY.
Went on Sunday for brunch.  Upon first walking in, the hostess seemed stand-offish and didn't really talk much and acted surprised that we were there.  There weren't man people in the place and the waiters were just standing around waiting for something to do.
Our waiter was friendly though, and asked if we had any questions, so I asked if there were any brunch specials.  He said, "no what we have is on the menu".  I was surprised by this, as I find that most , if not all, places I have gone to for brunch in the past 2 years have pretty sweet brunch specials on the weekends.  
We ordered the apple fritters, which are fried dough with apple cinnamon coating accompanied by a sweet mascarpone cream dipping sauce.  These were awesome, and a nice sweet starter to our brunch.  Also had coffee, which was good, probably La Colombe, however the mugs they serve them in are very wide so the coffee doesn't stay hot for too long.
Our food came out quick - I ordered some dish with sausage gravy and biscuits with fried eggs.  My girlfriend ordered poached eggs and hashbrowns with some other small fixings mixed in.  Immediately upon receiving the plates I said to myself in my head, "Okay, this is totally cliche artsy square plates with barely any food on them but it's HIP."  I was kind of hoping for a more hearty, heaping pile of food than what I asked for, but it was tasty nonetheless.  I hadn't had biscuits and gravy in a long time, and I was pretty satisfied.  The biscuits could have been a little softer, but altogether the food tasted well together.  My girlfriend was pretty satisfied with her dish, but liked mine better.
It was decently priced, a bit expensive, but nothing outrageous.  Overall, this place was OK.  Nothing really wrong, but nothing stood out either.  I saw the dinner menu, and it looked pretty tempting, so I might have to check them out again one night.I went to Adsum on a cool Wednesday night with some girlfriends to catch up. We sat outside since the weather was perfect. I can see how it could be a loud dining room in the cooler months, though. There s absolutely nothing to soak up the sound. For being a Wednesday, business was in full swing since every outside table was full when we got there and the bar was busy. Fortunately for us, a table emptied out and we were seated.
The menu must change a lot because it was nothing like the picture here on yelp and I didn't see a lot of the things people here mention eating. It's short and creative, hard to say just what kind of cuisine it is. One friend got the beet salad and chips, another went with the burger, and I had the fried skate po' boy. Reviews were good for everything and even the salad eater ate every single one of her chips and this girl doesn't eat. Every trace of that burger was gone. And my skate sandwich had a surprisingly generous portion of non-greasy white fish. The aioli was a delicious kick to such a delicate fish and the coleslaw (which I usually hate) provided just the right amount of freshness and crunch. The chips were great, also surprisingly non-greasy. This means someone knows just how to fry things and takes no shortcuts with the oil. Drinks-wise one girl drank wine and the other beer. I had one of each of those plus one of the cocktails, one of the ones with absinthe, in keeping with my New Orleansesque menu choices. the alcohol menu is like the food, varied but tightly curated.
Service was friendly and unobtrusive. We were there much longer than we'd planned. The only real disappointment was we were never offered dessert. That as never happened to me at a restaurant before. Maybe they were trying to give us a hint to leave.
Overall, a pleasant experience but in a town packed to the teeth with great places like Philadelphia, they have to do better than that to get another star out of me.This was an enjoyable meal, met my expectations. We started off with 2 drinks, the poppy doble and unholy water. Both were very unique tasting cocktails, but I expected that since the bar manager used to manage at APO. Both drinks were refreshing, perfect for the summer. I have also tried the Lady Grey on another occasion, and that was really goood, although a bit lacking in volume. 
We started off with some grilled rock octopus. This was probably the best dish here! it was full of flavor, and the texture was great. Might have been the best octopus i've ever had! It's kinda expensive at $12, but it was damn good. 
Next we had the Tater tots, I would say these weren't your typical tots, different texture, more mushy and slight different flavor. The sauce that came with it was good. Worth a try but probably would not order it again because it wasn't really worth the price. 
We also had the kool aid pickled watermelon, which was basically watermelon with some pickles... kinda expensive just for watermelon, I didn't even taste too much of the kool aid. It was refreshing though for summer.
For entrees we got the Skate and the whole fish which was a black bass I think. I've never had Skate, and it was really good, cooked perfectly and the sauce was great. The black bass was great too, especially the sauce, it had a little spice to it which was great; it too was cooked perfectly.
For dessert we got the coconut bread pudding which was delicious! it came in its own small little individual pan, which gave it a nice burnt crispy crust on the sides. The taste was not too sweet but not too bland. This was definitely a treat, and one of the best desserts I have had.
I would definately recommend this place. Great drinks, great food! A bit expensive however, but great food always comes at a premium...I really hate to hype up an already over-hyped menu item, because it sets expectations too high...However, I have to say that I tried Adsum's perogies at the Fringe Feastival last night, and I am still thinking about them this morning.  DELICIOUS!!!It is tempting for me to give a scathing review and few stars to Adsum, but I will preface this review by saying that I ate at Adsum as part of a large group event with a set meal (you can't please everybody).
That said, even with the limited (and Kosher-style) menu choices, Adsum really needs to ADD SOME (Some food, maybe?) to their restaurant.
I will also qualify my review by saying that the chef is very talented and was so gracious in speaking with our group.  (Why did you give a bunch of pork, clam and sausage (Lamb Merguez) based recipes to a JEWISH group??? Weird.) He really knows his stuff, though.  The service was also good (save for our new - 3 weeks only - server - who made a few bumbles along the way.)
We started with a choice of soup or salad.  I chose the 100% butter (or is it Bibb?) lettuce salad (absolutely no crunch, kinda limp feeling) with delicious asian pears and honey/cayenne candied nuts.  Crumbled of Maytag Bleu cheese on top and a delicious dressing (Sweet) with black sesame seeds. (This is where our server said they were peppercorns.  Sorry, not true.)
The salad - while good in concept was really boring and unsatisfying to eat.   Salade Ennuis.
Now I am hungry.
The entree was sized like a large app.  3 ricotta filled "gnuddi" (Think Gnocchi crossed with ravioli) were delicious sitting atop a zesty lemony-cream.  But the 6 small bites (about 2 per gnocchi) were not enough.  There was also (5 star!) one - just one - fried green tomato presented with an olive oil powder on top.  I got tons of the powder, while my friend next to me had a light dusting.  I think because my tomato had so much powder I could detect a slight "chemical aftertaste" from it.  (The "top note - was great - a dry, green olive oil.)
I would have bet money that somehow liquid nitrogen was involved. I'd have lost money.  They make the Olive oil powder by centrifuging the Olive oil with a malto-dexttin aggregate or something. Maybe that accounts for the chemical aftertaste?
I am getting over the whole "molecular gastronomy" fad very quickly.
I am also not a big lover of sous-vide (so much of it is done poorly), but that is the subject for another review.
The other entree choice was a single (JUST ONE) deep-fried cod fritter.  Not my bag, baby.
Delicious gnuddi - just not enough food.
Now I am STARVING...
So dessert comes, and it is GINORMOUS.  (Nice salad, tiny entree, huge hunk of chocolate cake) and so dense and cold and rich you can barely eat it with a spoon. My friend wanted a knife - as did I.)
So I ate 2 bites of the chocolate cake, and felt my blood sugar spike almost instantly.
Not fun.  I boxed up the rest for my 6 year old to enjoy later.
For $46 per person??  I guess that's fair - if you had eaten an actual entree. (Salad, app, huge dessert.)
I literally had to eat a bowl of strawberries at 11:30 PM when I got home. I hate eating late at night but I was absolutely famished.
I am very, very disappointed with Adsum.
That said - the regular menu (Foie gras poutine?  The SUPER Poutine is like a platter of pure fat in many forms.) doesn't really do it for me either.
Sorry Adsum.
FAIL. The 3 stars is so you won't hate me.  I am so tempted to give only 2.man, was I happy with the place of what!?!? I realize that I am not easily pleased when it comes to food and service and Adsum managed to score very high. friendly local bistro ambiance: busy, loud (not obnoxiously), and low-key. tables are very close together to capitalize on square footage, but you soon forget that. 
service is prompt and friendly. 
drinks are nonconventional and delicious (though prices on mixed drinks are stiff). 
the menu offers a choice of well thought through dishes that are unique and mouthwatering. pork belly tacos are to die for. tasty cake sliders are for adventurous foodies and certainly interesting. 
yay all the way!It was snowing.
It was sleeting.
It was restaurant week.
It was my birthday.
Only one thing to do.
Go to Adsum.
We put on our ice walkers and negotiated the slick three and a half blocks.
At my age you don't want to fall.
Greeted at the door by the two lovelies who admired our ice walkers.
All the window tables were taken, we were given a nice table against the wall with a view of everything.
Our usual bottle of Pellegrino.
A glass of chardonnay.
Out of pinot noir.
Christina, a very nice person, suggested gamay.
Good suggestion, I had two glasses.
Here is what we had:
Tuna Carpaccio long hots, green apple, fried garlic-soy 12.00
BBQ Pork Sliders iceberg slaw 12.00
Fried Oysters pickle juice remoulade 12.00
Tater Tots whiskey, bacon, whipped ranch 8.00
Bibb Lettuce cashews, pears, maytag, honey black 10.00
The food was great.
The service was great.
The view was great, we watched the storm and the whiteout.
My birthday was great.
They did not know it was my birthday.
A nice man at a neighboring table said it was his birthday too.
He was 43, I was 75.
We sat at the bar.
Blanton's bourbon neat for me.
Chardonnay for my sweetheart.
Happily we walked home in the snow.
Didn't need the icewalkers.went to adsum thursday night 7:15.
greeted nicely by 2 lovelies.
seated in great spot by the window. bainbridge side.
jessie the waiter took our order:
sparkling water
chardonnay
pinot noir
(the wines by the glass were very good.)
grilled rock octopus
heirloom tomato salad
tater tots
fried oysters
bibb salad
we like small plates, the food was excellent.
we felt very comfortable in this nice place.
we liked jessie, jessie liked us.
we liked adsum.
we will be back, we live only 2 1/2 blocks away.
go to eat, not talk, it is very loud.WOW what a let down! After months of anticipation based on two of Craig Laban's reviews (the fried chicken, burger, etc.), we were totally disappointed with our food experience at Adsum. Mind you we live just around the corner from this restaurant. 
I had the fried chicken (two pieces with collard greens and a piece of corn bread $18), the menu listed ham hockss but they were missing in action. This was billed as the greatest southern fried chicken north of the Dixie Line. The chicken was ordinary, the corn bread was rancid and the only real highlight was the collard greens. We also tried the scallops which were ok, FOUR pieces @ $5/ea. served in a huge plate with no vegetables ($20) and the short ribs which were tender and tasteful but unremarkable, no vegetables either ($20). Also, for a French Bistro, no bread was served either. Not sure where the rest of the dinner went!
What do they call it when an "haute cuisine" chef's ego is confused with creativity? 
The best part was the desserts: Creme Brulee was standard but the real kicker was the four meatball sized chocolate donuts filled with butter cream. Sounds interesting? We can't even describe what it tasted like. For sure it wasn't real chocolate and it had a weird after taste. 
Lastly, this place is noisy as hell! 
I would be surprised if this place is still around a year from now. Not sure how Craig Laban could get this so, so wrong!* 3.5 stars
Adsum, only you could sway me away from shrimp and grits.
Sure, I was enticed by pork (again), so sue me. When someone utters the words "suckling pig", you stop what you're doing, you put on a bib and you get ready to chow down. Anything else is offensive. Please, think of the pig.
We stopped in here after already stuffing ourselves full of hot dogs and beer at the Flyers game (Go Flyers!), but knew we could find some room for anything tasty and we did just that at Adsum.
Fortunately, because we arrived early (around 5:00), we were able to get a seat, but within 30 minutes the house was packed. Doubly-fortunate, our servers brought their game with them as everyone was on top of everything, from the timing of the plates down  to the drink suggestions and even as far as Sunday brew house recommendations for a visiting couple. 
The Dogfish Head 60 minute IPA was a great recommendation to start and it conveniently paired well with the fried oysters appetizer. A little bitter to cut the deep-fried goodness and we were off to
the races.
My main, naturally, was the suckling pig special. Unfortunately, it was a little over cooked and not as flavourful as I was expecting. To be fair, I've had some really great suckling pig in Little Portugal in Toronto, so I'll go easy on this one.
We ordered the lamb shank as our second main and were a little disappointed with it as well. Again, despite asking for it med-rare, the lamb was overcooked, but the side sprouts and red pepper sarsaparilla made up for it a little.
And I finished with an Unholy Water: blanco tequila, smoked blackberry balsamic syrup, fresh lemon, house made ginger beer and mezcal. Hell yeah.
I'm going to chalk up the overcooked meat to a bad day in the kitchen since other reviews were very flattering and, frankly, I'd like to run a few items on the menu, so I'm not writing it off yet.Cool room on a rainy sunday. Based on yelp reviews was expecting something special. Turned out to be a total mixed bag. Some ultra creative dishes that tasted great and some average stuff. With a few cocktails the bill for a party of five more than I expected based on portions and satisfaction level.
Happy I tried it and was good. Just better choices in the area.Two words: FRIED CHICKEN.  Unf.  I break my no-eating-chicken rule for the Fried Chicken here, because it's battered in a crispy crust, served with a super-spicy side of collard greens, and a crumbly-sweet cornbread.  Can we just scream delicious?
We've been here twice, once for dinner and again for brunch, and both times service was decently attentive, if a little flaky (we had to ask our server for coffee refills and a fresh pitcher of cream after the third drive-by).  Grilled rock octopus and the pork tacos are amazing, and two thumbs up to the SUPER POUTINE, which my Canadian ex-pat heart proclaims as delicious as it is back home.  I'll stop raving about the Fried Chicken for now, but my brunch friend had a stuffed mascarpone-and-strawberry french toast served with black pepper maple which was out of this world.
Best time to come here for brunch is during a Phillies game, like we did - the place is just about deserted, which significantly drops the noise level tenfold.The manager and wait staff were super helpful.  I went with one of my friends and her 1 month old baby..and they were so accommodating and sat up with the highchair, took the stroller, etc.  So nice.
My friend and I ordered the tatertots which were good....small portion, but very flavorful.
Me: I ordered the Adsum Burger with fries....medium.  It came to me rare (probably a mixup in the kitchen...the swooped it away, gave me a an appetizer of the watermelon since my friend was eating her dinner)
It took a little while to get me the new burger, but i did not mind because it was very tasty!
Friend got the fish (white fish with mushrooms)--it was good-she said a little salty--but really enjoyable!
I think it is worth a try, and would def go back!we love adsum  - its our go-to friendly neighborhood bar and restaurant.
We tried out their new neighborhood friendly menu -- definitely a much lower price point than the previous menu.  And much more value.
Also, it's pretty kid friendly.
Definitely recommend it.Really disappointing. The service was painfully slow. Our waiter seemed confused and would disappear for long periods of time. The manager had to jump in one too many times to compensate for his lack of focus. I was really hoping to fall in love with this place since I live a few blocks away. I found the food to be tasteless, and over priced. I left hungry and annoyed, and do not plan on returning.Boyfriend and I came for drinks and snacks last week and sat at the bar.  I had decided that the bartender was surly, right up until she accidentally made me the wrong drink. Instead of giving me the death stare for pointing it out, she happily made me a new one and told me to keep the old one, because "throwing it away would be alcohol abuse." +1, Adsum.
We only tried one of their signature cocktails, something red with elderflower that isn't on their online menu. Wish I could remember what it was, because it was delicious. The cheddar biscuit with apple butter was a little dissappointing, but we saw two folks order the poutine and were tres jealous. I wanted to walk over and grab a fry, but that would have been rude.
Adsum will definitely get a return trip.  Dinner next time, and with any luck I'll be pursuaded that Adsum deserves a fourth star.I recently went to Adsum for my 30th birthday dinner. While the food at Adsum is tasty, the service and overall experience left something to be desired. We made reservations for 6pm and were one of the few tables there. The waiter immediately asked what we wanted, we said we needed a few minutes to look at the menu. We were ready about five minutes later and I made eye contact to the waiter to let him know we were ready. He nodded at me, but did not come over. Five more minutes passed and I again made eye contact and he again nodded but continued he conversation with another waiter. After another 10 minutes had passed he finally came to take our orders. We had the mac and cheese as an app and the fried chicken and fish and chips for entrees. My boyfriend had beer and I had the cocktail special- a gin and tonic that was excellent. The mac and cheese was good, but not better than anyone else's mac and cheese. The fish was fantastic, but the fries served with it (not the duck fat) were under seasoned and tasteless. My boyfriend's chicken was good and very crisp, but overly salted. The wait between our app being cleared away and out entrees being served was over 35 minutes. We tipped 15% for the meal. Several days later when my boyfriend checked his credit card statement he was deeply surprised that Adsum has decided to tack an additional $17 in tip onto our bill after we left, making the tip a whopping 33%. Luckily we had saved our receipt. However, Adsum has been slow to address the issue of overcharge despite our contacting them. After all the reviews I had read, I was really looking forward to dining at Adsum, however; given the overall exp I doubt we'll be back. Philly has too many good restaurants to deal with this level of hassle.I stopped in on friday before halloween.  I tried the Octopus, short ribs and apple pie.  All were delicious, but even better was the service.  The server with the tattoos and cute glasses was more than accommodating.  I will be back.Having sampled every cocktail on the menu I can enthusiastically praise their mixing prowess. These bartenders know what's up. 
Sipping the Lady Grey (cognac, orange oils, vanilla, earl grey syrup, creme yvette and egg white) at their darkened and romantic bar will make you feel oh so classy.
Chef Matt Levin is a culinary madman and I love him for it.Adsum is awesome!
I went to Adsum for the first time this weekend and was very pleased.  The staff was extremely friendly and attentive.  The food was excellent!  Just what I wanted on a cold winter night- warm honest comfort food! To start, I had a fun cocktail called the Poppy Doble. It was so delicious and girly ( the poppy seeds gave it a cute, unique touch). The pickled mushrooms were my favorite, served with a bacon mayonaise (to die for!) The super poutine was exquisite ( a fat girl's dream).  The burger was da bomb!  Oh and that warm bread pudding was killer!!!They only take reservations for parties more than 6, so we made a reservation and when we arrived our table wasn't ready - not a problem, we'll just get drinks at the bar, except for an 10 person bar, you'd think the bartender would be able to handle serving those 10 people.  Not the case.  We sat for an hour and a half waiting for our table and I had to fight to get the bartender's attention for my 2 drinks.  
When we were finally seated, the waiter only took drink orders for one side of the table and then disappeared for 10 minutes.  Our food came out at different times, and we had to do plate passing when we all recieved the wrong entrees.  I'd say the bad service was due to lack of staff, but there seemed to be plenty of people hanging around outside the kitchen.  
The high brow-junk food was wonderful, foie gras poutine was a heart attack waiting to happen - when was the last time you had fries cooked in duck fat? - but it was perfect.  The pierogies were crispy on the outside and soft and gooey on the inside (the bacon foam was a great addition), the grilled rock octopus was cooked perfectly, if a bit over-sauced.  
It's just a shame that the bad taste in my mouth from the service couldn't be covered up by the food. 
Oh and I hope whoever went home with my scarf enjoys it.I can't say that I've ever had a bad time here. (I see that some of previous reviewers have, but they seem like the type to make a complaint after they leave a venue rather than speaking up to get the matter rectified immediately... People in the service industry hate you.)
First time, a few co-workers and I had gone, we sat & drank various specialty cocktails (some people I know may have been scared by the ingredients used, but I'll try anything) & just fell in love with the fried green tomatoes with goat cheese. They even sent us another round (you guys are uber sweet for doing that!) I left with a mellow buzz & higher affinity for tomatoes.
The second time, I just went with a friend for a quick late night nosh and ended up splitting a few things at the bar with Jo (she's fargin' AWESOME! The word 'Cocktalian' came up... really!)
We had the mushroom pickles (very tasty), the tuna carpaccio (lé nom), and the Rock Octopus (super noms!) A couple asked us about the Crème Brûlée. We let them know that it wasn't anything outrageous but if we could select anything else, we'd go for the Bacon & Chocolate "snickers" with Hot Chocolate. Luckily, they went for it and even gave us a sample (even the patrons are nicer on slower nights.) If anyone at Adsum remembers who they are, please let me know. I miss kind people in this world.
It sucks that people are having such a bad time here because I'm enjoying it so so much. Maybe you guys should avoid going to places on the weekends, like the rest of the masses. That way, you'll get more attentive service and more love in the preparation, instead of the 'turn & burn' service that's required on busy nights. Or don't, I enjoy the quieter week days.
(P.S. don't blame the employees if your table isn't ready, some guests just choose to hang out with no regard for others... hint hint!)
-kSOME LIKE IT HOT.
96°
the lake is like soup.
in the jeep, down the mountain on 476.
right before the lehigh tunnel.
101°
pee stop and farmers market at allentown.
tomatoes, okra, onion, peaches.
back in the jeep.
104°
mid-county toll plaza.
jammed up for some reason. heat?
the toll taker was wet.
110°
schuylkill. slow. fast. slow.
unload the jeep on the hot asphalt.
89°
inside the house. 
turn the air on.
6:30pm
off to the coolest place and the coolest restaurant and the coolest people in town.
adsum.
roasted baby beets with goat cheese, fried oysters, chorizo flatbread with grilled octopus. a bottle of pellegrino. two glasses of vermentino one glass of chardonnay.
ahh. adsum. it was hot, but we were cool.Ricotta gnudi special was on point. This place is a hit all round. Had 5 apps. Each better than the last.Went to Adsum lsat week for my second time and I gotta say that I really dig this place.  We sat outside, it was a perfect 75 degree Sunday.  They had a sign up that said "half off select appetizers", though not the reason we went, it did get me excited.   We were sat, then told by the waiter, "oh, that's only for @ the bar".  Fair enough, but the sign should say that, we thought that was pretty lame.
WE had the fried oysters to start, good portion and cooked to perfection.  I had the pork belly entree w/ bananas, vanilla + lobster salad.  This thing flat out gave me an erection it was so good.   My wife had the risotto ball appetizer w/ tomato sauce that was ridiculously good and only $6.
The server was prompt, attentive, and kept my beers coming.  I'll see you again for a 3rd time in the future, Adsum.I'm hovering between a 3 1/2 and a 4 . . . Maybe a 3.75.  There's something I just don't love about the atmosphere at Adsum, it feels a bit confused to me.  That said, the fried chicken and the fries with gravy, cheese curds and  lardon made for quite the week night treat.  The menu is small, and as I split my entree and appetizer, I cannot speak to the other items, but these two were quite delicious.  The menu is also quite affordable.  Every entree was under $20.Had a wonderful dinner here. Our waiter was very accommodating. The atmosphere was very relaxed, we were not rushed at all. We agreed that the fried chicken was the best anyone had ever had. The softshell crabs were excellent. I wish it was closer because I would become a regular.I'm surprised by some of the recent reviews that suggested the service was off - we recently went with a six and nearly fell in love with our server: she quickly figured us out, helped with recommendations and kept us appropriately marinated.
This place is a classy neighborhood restaurant - the kind you'd bring home to mother. It is not pretentious, but more tongue-in-cheek; the dishes appeal to the foodie who craves variations from tried-and-true, but not to the extent that one embarks on a exploration on the level of Lewis-and-Clark (or worse, Donner-Reed). 
Step 1: order any cocktail, preference for any daily special.
Step 2: order anything that incorporates duck fat, bacon or truffle oil.
Step 3: Enjoy!First things first: Jose Garces, in the flesh, was eating at the next table over.  Very fun celeb citing, and he was so friendly!
Adsum has a great energy.  That might be because it's enjoying its 15 minutes before another new kid on the block comes around, but nonetheless, I loved the animated chatter, the clanking glasses, and the groups of boisterous diners out on a humid, humid Wednesday evening.
The offerings are quality and kitchy (Kool-Aid soaked watermelon), as is the decor (beakers, books, and black science lab counters cut into tables, with student grafitti still intact).  Although they seriously need to work on their AC - one wall unit is clearly not doing the trick.
The menu is somewhat pricey for what they're offering, but by no means outrageous.  After Rick Nichols' review, I had to try the fried chicken.  It was good and not greasy, which I appreciated.  If anything, though, it may have erred on the side of "too healthy."  I mean, it's fried chicken, I concede to the fact that I'll be clogging an artery or two once I've ordered.  The biscuit was soooo good - very dense with great flavor.
Also, the waiter was very accomdating and substituted peas for collard greens with ham hocks (I don't like the word "hock," and thus I shy away from eating it).
I'll put it to you straight - I paid $36 (including tip) for some fried chicken and two beers.  Could I have eaten the same meal for under $10?  Of course.  But you're paying for the quality of the ingredients, the ambiance, and the joy of going out.  Live it up.Baby Girl and I stopped in for appetizers and we got the SUPER Poutine and the an order of short ribs.
Both were so good. Meat was breaking apart very easily and tasted deliciousAdsum, definition: I am present.
Adsum, intention: I am current.
Adsum, reality: I am confused. 
I feel like lately in the Philly food scene that you can't hear 3 words without Adsum being one of them.  Anticipation has been high for Matt Levin's first independent venture, after such an acclaimed culinary pedigree: CIA grad, stints at Aureole and Charlie Trotter's, and a rare 4 bell review from Craig LaBan for his revamp of Lacroix. 
So it's natural that curiosity runs deep for how such a culinary talent will translate the subtitle, "refined neighborhood bistro." The menu is certainly intriguing with items like foie gras poutine, kool aid pickled watermelon and KFC sweetbreads, but this kind of scope leaves me thinking more "gastro" than "bistro." One wonders though if such outrageous concoctions will turn out to be culinary genius, or expertly prepared junk food. Both of which have a place (especially in this town), but I think Adsum is lost somewhere between.
Many star chefs have taken this route before, gathering accolades for haute cuisine on white table cloths, then moving on to gourmet burgers and fried chicken on bar tables instead. The trick is letting go. The food here seems to aim for the former, while hitting the latter.
Rock octopus in black pepper caramel was tender, but tasted like it was cooked in BBQ sauce. Tater tots with whisky, bacon and green goddess, tasted more like mashed potato tots with tartar sauce and were dubiously priced at 5 for $8. The pierogies I heard so much about did live up to their fame, and were one of the winning dishes of the evening. The subtle smokiness of the buttermilk they're served with got my senses revved before they even touched my tongue. Again though, 4 for $16? C'mon now... The fried chicken was another heralded dish (most recently by Mr. Rick Nichols) but the crust was under-seasoned and the meat more dry than moist. Once more, priced high at $18 for two pieces served with collards and a biscuit. 
The cocktails suffered similar fate. For all the color expected in outlandish mixes of 8 different obscure or homemade ingredients, the drinks we tried fell monochromatic. The "Poppy Doble" (rum, maraschino, poppy seed, fresh lime, almond and fresh grapefruit) tasted more like a classic daiquiri without much of a show from the almond or the eponymous poppy seeds. The "View of a Vieux Carre" (rye, cognac, spiced red wine reduction, angostura and peychaud bitters) tasted more like a stiff red sangria with the red wine redux outplaying the rest of the band. All these served by a skinker whose business card reads "cocktailarian." Ahem.
For 3 of us our total check came to $200 (before tip) for 3 appetizers, 3 entrees, a dessert and assorted cocktails/beer/wine. I'm not cheap by any means, especially when it comes to food, but that total was unexpected, and in terms of our overall experience, unwarranted.
I have high hopes for Adsum. Great talent, great location, great ambition, but if you're gonna be a bistro, be a bistro. Have a small room, with parlor chairs, tile floor and cacophonous sound. Have a cute bar with wacky elixirs served in chem lab flasks by a talented bar staff. Have misquoted wait times by the hostess, a service staff whose green abilities are more deserving of a black apron than a shirt and tie. Serve food til 1 am at the corner of 5th and Bainbridge. Adsum, for better or worse, has all those pieces in place. 
On the other hand, be a bistro: Have bread. Have a fair price point. Have a service staff that's more friendly and helpful, than one who's resting on the laurels of a success that's not yet earned. 
Dear Adsum, if you don't let your "refined" get in the way of your "neighborhood," I do believe the success you're so ripe for will soon be yours.One can of beer away from being a perfect meal.
To the folks at adsum: don't serve any beer in a can, even if you pour it in a glass. You're much, much better than that. 
Ok, that's out of the way...on to the food.
First course:
Homemade tater tots with whiskey & bacon, served over a whipped ranch sauce. So good. More of a latke consistency than a traditional frozen tot, luckily there were only 8 on the plate or it could have gotten out of hand. Clint Eastwood would be proud.
Biscuit with cheddar cheese and apple butter. All three things come together perfectly to make a perfect appetizer. I would have eaten an entire bowl of the apple butter if it were acceptable to do so. The biscuit was legit, as well.
Second course:
The adsum burger. I'm a pretty big burger snob, it takes quite a bit to impress me. Consider me impressed. This sucker was huge, perfectly cooked, and juicy. The cheese was perfectly chosen and complimented the burger the way it should have. The burger sat on an onion and pancetta fondue that was so tasty it could be served on its own as a soup. They also gave me a huge portion of crispy, salty duck fat fries. Good stuff.
Shrimp & Grits with dirty Andouille sausage. Wonderfully cooked grits (which are somehow surprisingly easy to screw up), spicy delicious sausage, and nicely prepared, tasty plump shrimp. Nothing to complain about here.
Dessert:
Chocolate chip & black cherry bread pudding with vanilla gelato. Actually couldn't finish it, the portion was so big. Still, the flavors were great. Nice to see that it wasn't overly sweet.
Bacon & Chocolate "Snickers" bar with Mexican hot chocolate. This is one nap-inducing dessert right here. So rich, you really should have help eating it. The caramel covered nuts on the side could easily have been their own dessert, they were that good.
Service was attentive and friendly, without ever rushing. The place is very small, and gets warm when it's crowded so dress accordingly. It's also a little on the noisy side, but they're busy...whaddaya gonna do?
Overall, I'll definitely be back.As a Gluten free person, they have fabulous food that I can eat!  I love them!!  You can't go wrong with their duck fat fries.  Seriously, sometimes I wake up thinking about them.I was under whelmed.  Expected more.  Not bad by any means, just expected more from what I read.  Not a big fan of the science class decor either.BACK TO ADSUM.
A rainy night in Philly. 
6:30pm, we walk up Bainbridge Street, through the puddles to the corner of 5th and Bainbridge. 
We came early to avoid the crowd.
There is only one other couple seated. 
My wife says we could have waited until 7pm.
Seated nicely at a table for 2 by the window. 
Jesse comes over and takes our order for Pellegrino. 
No Schuylkill water for us. 
A glass of Chardonnay and Pinot Noir. 
We share the oyster appetizer. 
She orders fried chicken. 
I, shrimp and grits from a new fall menu.
The fried chicken with collards is very good. 
The cornbread cakey and sweet. 
Yankee cornbread. 
The shrimp and grits excellent, a good take on this Charleston dish, nice heat from the sausage. 
It could use more grits. 
I love grits. 
A nice conversation with the chef, I promise to give him my cornbread recipe.
A very nice meal at a very nice warm and comfortable neighborhood restaurant.
Great service, (thanks Jesse), great food, (thanks Matt).  
By 7:30 the place was almost full!i am a little late with this.
before christmas the love of my life and i went back to adsum.
don't get me wrong, i love this place.
new wait person.
seated by window, my favorite place.
caraffe of chardonnay.
caraffe of pino noir. "the air right before it rains".
bottle of pellagrino.
she comes with tray of wine, full carafe of chardonnay.
not so full carafe of pino noir.
last dregs, they do not have any more pino noir.
i will only be charged for 2 glasses of pino noir.
aparently the rain has passed.
no discount for the fingerprinted and greasy carafe.
the glass was clean.
fryed oysters were good as usual.
wine was punky.
scallops were overdone.
short ribs were stringy but the flavor was good.
hover, hover, hover.
every five minutes, "is everything ok?"
we will be back, hopefully on a better night.
i love this place.Saturday, no reservations at 6pm, some at 530. Fine, that'll work. Get there around 515 and its empty. We decide to saddle up to the bar for a drink before sitting down.
Hostess comes up to us at 530 and "suggests" we sit down. At 6pm, I see why. It was mobbed. Wow. 
Waitress seems out of practice. She rattles off the day's special appetizers, but barely mentions the fish main course. Thank god bartender did a better job earlier. Order a bottle of white wine, and appetizers are caesar salad and fried oysters. Both are very well done. Salad had a bit too much dressing on it.
Main course was perogies and the fish special. Fish was whole, bone in. Waitress offered her services, but admitted she was not a pro at it. No problem, I've struggled through this myself. Perogies are delicious, as I was told by my wife. Fish is good. Plenty of meat and bones to work through.
Overall, a good experience. Pricing was a bit high, but the food was good enough to justify it.