This place is always busy. ......they provide good value for what they serve......they have been here for many years........that should be a great testament to their continued success....they do it as well as anyone...My fav breakfast spot!! The scrapple and egg on a long roll is to die for. Huge selection. Make the trip its worth it!Great hoagies! 
I come by at least twice a week for lunch since I'm a bit new in the area! 
Great quality meats. 
Great service.I have long been searching the area for a spot with a breakfast sandwich that is not a chain donut shop. Al's fits the bill.
The pork roll egg and cheese was huge for a nice price. Fluffy eggs and plenty of pork roll. While I like a harder hard roll, I don't think they do that in Philly, so that's my lone complaint.
The place was clean friendly and packed. They have a good system down so the people getting cold cuts don't overlap the sandwich crowd, which was nice.
The pastrami special looked enticing, but we will definitely be back for the breakfast.I used to love to order from Al's until yesterday.  I ordered online and paid with a credit card.  Unfortunately, their website is not professionally done and does not allow you to enter an expiration date past 2020.  I entered my card information and my food was delivered.  The delivery guy returned to my school to say that I needed to pay him cash because I had no money on my card. He made a scene in the office at my job.  I called to report him to the business where a very rude employee yelled at me.  I gave my credit card information to this very rude person who kept entering the wrong number.  Eventually, he got it right and of course my card was approved.  A series of errors on the deli employees' part and all I got was a very "dry" I am sorry from the female manager.  NEVER will I order from here again and I am telling every one of my colleagues at work and the sites near Al's about my horrible experience.  They also delivered my food 3 hours too early and by the time I got to eat it the bread was soggy.  The staff lacks manners, professionalism, and education.The foods okay nothing special just something quick to eat... not alot of flavor just is & only deliver to businesses which was a bummer because i dont live super close. 
Cashiers are more interested in socializing when you go in mostly younger kids...one of the best deli's in the northeast for sure. They arn't limited to typical deli cusine eaither, they offer great breakfast and hot food as well. If your ever in the area check it out.i absolutely love their food. I've alway had a great experience! excellent breakfast, especially their french toast w sausage! not to metion the hoagies!!!Als has great food and great people working there, I own a shop nearby and I go here regularly, I send all my customers there that are hungry!Another gem in Northeast Philly, great breakfast everything here is amazing you can't go wrong with Al's from hoagies to pre cooked meals hands down great food.The portions are large and prices are great. The customer service is on point. Check out Al's I guarantee you'll love it.I'm so glad I was introduced to this deli. Food is fresh and they have the best pasta salad and turkey Ruben which they make using their own house made turkey!Our go-to for sliced deli meats and cheese. There's a large variety of sandwiches on the menu, including lots of breakfast options, including pastries from Holmesburg Bakery.Catered food from these guys. KATHY is awesome! They handled all my needs in such a short time of notice. Thanks AL's!!One of the best hidden gems in the Northeast!
I order take out from Al's regularly, and I've never had anything I didn't like. The breakfast sandwiches are the best around, hoagies are made with all fresh ingredients, and their homemade salads are some of the best I've ever had. I especially love the Sicilian Italian hoagie made with sharp provolone and roasted peppers. The German potato salad is something I absolutely must buy every time I visit. It's perfectly balanced and not too acidic. They also have desserts from Holmesburg bakery, so it really is one-stop shopping.
They also have an extensive catering menu for any size party. I've been to a few events that used Al's and they did not disappoint.
The one thing that really stands out about Al's is the insane value for the money. I have no idea how they manage to keep their prices so low while delivering a truly superior product.Wow just finished eating my breakfast sandwich in my car on the side parking lot....WOW. This was one of the best breakfast sammies I have ever had. I'll be back.This place is great. Probably the best deli I've been to in Philadelphia. People are really nice and the service is great. I ordered the pastrami special, which was pretty good. The only negative thing I have to say about it is that they didn't put a lot of meat on it, however they did make up for that by giving me 5 pounds of fries, which was a small order. Prices are also very great. They seem to have everything in this deli as well. I'll definitely be back. If anyone is looking for a great sandwich at a reasonable price I recommend Al's corner deli.I used to love anAl's but recently their service has sucked. The employees are rude and the wait is forever. If u know someone behind the counter then there is no wait but for everyone else the wait is around  20-30 minutes, which is ridiculous. The staff is very unfriendly too which they never used to be.I have been going to Al's Deli for as long as I can remember. They catered my wedding back in 2009 with no problems at all and I recently ordered one of their trays for my daughters baptism. I dont think ive ever had any issues at this great neighborhood deli!Best deli in Philadelphia. Period. I get my lunchmeat & rolls & ryebread for work here every week, always fresh & reasonably priced. They have everything you could imagine, & probably a few things you can't. Have also had a few parties catered by Al's; never a problem. Great sandwiches, too. Family-owned & operated, which is a big plus, & the staff is very friendly. You couldn't ask for a better deli.this place rocks. fast and friendly service. their sandwiches are top notch. i had the cajun turkey club twice this week and wasnt disapponted at all. highly recommend.My biggest regret is not finding out about this place sooner! We were referred by the owner of another business, Johnny Rocks Grill, when we talked about not being able to find a good deli in the area. The owner was proud to mention this place and he was right on the mark! The place is CLEAN with many options, staff members are friendly and helpful definitely gives off the vibe that is is a family run establishment, prices are reasonable despite the fact that they were just raised (I was told upon visiting) It seems they do a ton of business, while we were there happy customers were in and out. I got a turkey melt platter option which comes with fries and coleslaw. It has been a long time since I've eaten my side of coleslaw because, let's face it, they never normally look good, but this one I tried it and it was delicious! My husband had a kielbasa sandwich and he was raving that it was the best sandwich he has had in Philadelphia in a long time. The fries were also perfect.
They seem to put a lot of effort into every element of their food. Even the bakery... everything looked so good. I had a slice of red velvet cake (a HUGE slice for $2.50) and it was very fresh even at 5:30 p.m. They also sell some great lunch or grab and go options. Needless to say we can't wait to go back. I've finally found a great deli in the area! Do yourself a favor and visit this place.Good good but a suggestion is not to double wrap the food. When my job orders and has it delivered its always wrapped double and the bread if we get hot sandwiches are a little on the soggy side. But food is good. Chicken salad is phenomenal!Great deli and quality customer service. The owners are conscientious and hard-working. Their deli meats are always fresh and the salads are very good. There is a large selection on the take out menu. My only suggestion is that a few of the deli employees don't know how to pack a hoagie/sandwich. The last few time I got hoagie or a sandwich on a long roll, it fell apart as I was eating it. Nothing more annoying than eating a tasty sandwich and it's falling apart. Some employees need to work on their sandwich making skills.Amazing. I have never had a better Reuben in my life. These guys are awesome. I highly highly recommend them and am looking forward to returning for something tasty,This place is a hidden gem! I do work over by Holmesburg Junction from time to time and usually stop in whenever I do.  They have tons of prepared foods and lots of nice things that are hard to find.  The sandwiches are excellent.  They slice the meat and cheese to order.  Stop in and the size of the crowd should tell you everything you need to know.Al's is great! The Hoagies are MASSIVE. Not just that, but they are absolutely delicious. I definitely recommend coming here. If you want to go where the locals eat, then come here. It is a staple of the North East. The only issue I have is that they do not sell any Coca-Cola products. Sorry guys, buy Pepsi and Canada dry just don't cut it in today's world.This place offers one of the freshest, tastiest hoagies you will find anywhere in this city!  I went several weeks ago after a friend recommended them for a good hoagie and I haven't stopped thinking about them since!!  We just made the 5 mile run up I95 again ( yep they're that good I bypass all delis in my own neighborhood) and once again they did not disappoint!  I can not wait to try their cheesesteaks!  My son loves their Tiramisu!  Highly recommend this place!Ahhh what a terrific Breakfast this morning, I had the Als omelet with tomatoes added and Cooper Sharp cheese, Hats off to the chef!! 
As always, Bruce and staff thanks for cooking for The family for years,  You and Your staff operate Als like a well oiled machine, The Best food!! Great friendly Atmosphere always :-)  Thanks Everyone!!Mannn..... This is one of my favorite deli's in the NE.. Although parking on the street can be a pain at times, it's worth the visit. They have a bakery/pastry display, and an endless menu of sandwiches and daily specials. For as crowded as this place gets, the staff is always accomodating, friendly, and the service is pretty quick.Meh, not sure what all the hype about this place is. This was my first trip in here this morning, I've been by it a million times. I stopped in and ordered a porkroll and cheese and a BLT. The porkroll and cheese was very good, packed with meat, it was a decent sandwhich. The BLT not so much. If there is one thing I hate, hate, it's cold bacon. I absolutely hate when I order a BLT and the toast is warm but the bacon is rock hard. For this reason and this reason alone I will only give three stars. It's just pure laziness on the part of the person making the sandwhich. This place is big and had a decent crowd at 630am. It's a little dingy and awkward though, there is an office are directly behind the registers? Kinda weird. This place could use some updating, kinda looks rundown. I may or may not return, wouldn't make a special trip.First time I was here was after a long night clubbing in NYC and just stepped off of the train right around the corner. Hungry, thirsty, and hungover, I stumbled into Al's on an early Saturday morning and ordered a Hoagie. It was good. Really good. Not the best I've ever had, but it was definitely what I needed and was delicious going down.
I've been back maybe a half dozen times since, and it's  always been to get an early AM breakfast sandwich. For not having any lunch trucks around the NEast like they do in Center City, Al's fills in perfectly and almost fully alleviates the pain of not having easily accessible kielbasa sammiches around every corner.
Almost.Delicious breakfast sandwiches! Home fries are great too. They seem to have pretty much everything a classic delicatessen should have. Looked clean despite it being an old building. Only issue that was glaring to me was a lack of "Pack Date" and "Sell By Date" on pre-packed foods.Good food, good quality.  We used to order from here more until they started a $2 delivery charge, which is understandable considering the rising costs of fuel, etc.  However, after hearing from their drivers who say that the $2 does NOT go to them, it didn't make sense.  So in essence, we're paying $2 plus tip on top of our usual $30/day breakfast or lunch order.  And we used to send one of our guys to pick up but there is very minimal parking available and we've been ticketed several times already at $53 a pop.  Too many good breakfast/lunch spots to have to deal with this hassle.Food is awesome. Everything I have ever ordered I really enjoyed. Their turkey hoagies are awesome, lunch meat is REALLY good. I order lunch from here often, I wish they delivered to homes!!This place is 100 times way overrated yes there hoagies are good but who can screw up a hoagie no one !
just got done working 19 hours. I was hoping to get decent breakfast. I asked for fresh cut potato they could not take the time instead they gave me some garbage that was pre-cut premade garbage
Season with what I don't know like nastiest season ever on potatoes . Salt and pepper that's it man
I don't know what kind of crack your smoking but man come on do you really make that type of potatoes at home? No way
So why are you going to feed anybody else that garbage?
I am German I like my potatoes I would like a fresh cut potato meaning I ordered it you take the potato and you slice it on the spot that's what we call a fresh potato not your sliced it it out an hour ago that is not fresh that is complete garbage 
not pre-cut I order out because I don't have time to cook if I wanted something premade I'll go to McDonald's.
I will make a bet with everyone that doubts taste their orange nasty potatoes then go down the street to the guys in the trailer and I guarantee you you'll never eat at Al's again because they do make fresh food not like the garbage that I find it everywhere around here I have yet to find a place that cooks report the only place doing that is the trailer funny as hell
Like how do two old retired  guys know how to cook better than a real deli LOL just funny
I really wish I could rate zero star.
I think this place is a three star at best way overrated. Sure they're friendly but I don't want to promise I just want fresh food
So if any of the Food Network shoed read this please help in the north east there's nothing but garbage everywhere it's an epidemicI was asked to bring 'real' German potato salad to a party once, and given a description of what to get. I was so confused so I asked around and everyone sent me to this place for it. 
They were completely right. This place not only carried exactly what my friend asked me to bring, but were very helpful. I had gone here as a kid and always had something tasty. Very fresh, and also very clean. A real staple in the neighborhood.I went to Al's for the first time this saturday at the suggestion of a friend who recommended their chicken salad.  The chicken salad was so good that I went back the next day and got a bigger sandwich than the day before.  I'll have to try other things, but I liked the blue collar vibe of the place and the chicken salad was some of the best that I've ever had.Greatest tuna hoagie ever.  Probably have other good sandwiches, but the tuna is the only thing I had.  Doesn't get any better.Went here for lunch for the first time ever..... why have I never been here befire?!?! Had a hoagie and grabbed a slice of cake. It was delicious!! I havent had a hoagie this good in a while. They also have hot meals to go, like chicken parm. I would definitely try thus place out. Employees are nice and didnt wait long for my sandwichI get hoagies at Al's all the time. I never had a better hoagie in my life! The price is low, and the hoagie is PACKED! It's the BEST hoagie place there is!  :D
~Cindy!  :)
..Al's has always had great sandwiches. I come here every once in a while. I have just recently visited and nothing has changed. The food is still just as good and the place is kept clean and tidy. Everything is organized. The staff is friendly and there is always ample parking. I would recommend Al's to anybody. Great StopThis is my favorite breakfast spot. I stop here about twice a week and the people are incredibly nice. I have never gotten a bad meal or sandwich. it could get a little bit busy in the morning but you can call ahead and they will have your meal waiting. Do yourself a favor and stop in they will  care of you. They also have Holmesburg bakery deliver pasteries which is an added plus. They are a one stop shop you can get prepared meals for dinner paper towels for the house.Best Corn Beef Special & Corn Beef Rueben ever!!! Their Jewish Italian Hoagie is something special as well... I'm gonna try them out for Breakfast, I see a lot of customers ordering off that menu.Ordered a sandwich tray this past Sunday for a baby shower. Everything was delicious!!! Enough food for everyone plus leftovers to send home and have the next day. We will definitely be ordering again!This place used to be one of my go-to spots several times a week. I would call and order ahead because I'm coming from a distance. For some reason now they never pickup their phone. I get put on hold for 10,15 minutes at a time with no luck. And when I rarely do get through, they tell me 45 minutes to an hour wait. It's a shame because it was one of my favorite places to eat. Love the food, but they need to figure out their call taking. It's losing them customers without a doubt.This place is a real old fashioned deli. Their food is delicious. They have great breakfast and hoagies! Everything is fresh and made correctly. Every time I am in the area I make it a point to stop. I love this place!I take my crew there every morning before we head to the shop, they have THE BEST BREAKFAST sandwiches in the northeast, and there priced right, great deli as wellAl's... Great Corned Beef specials,potato salad, actually any cold salad is good, and for some reason their lunch meat tastes better than anywhere else. I really like their cheesteaks when I am in the mood to really get my grub on. Rough joint, good food, lots of prison guards, and Im telling you the corned beef specials are among the best ANYWHERE... Even Mannyhanny, sorry big apple.Potato salad , sometimes its great, 2 weeks ago was off the hook, today, was just average, I guess it depends who make it, need more quality control, taking with some buddies the said same thing, love there sandwiches breakfast is always good,Al's Deli is the greatest! I get my breakfast at least twice a week from there. The food is always fresh. Service is great. Staff is friendly. I have been going there for at least 20 years. When I go there they always greet me by my name. They are always crowded because the food is good and fresh.   IDAThis place just seems to get it right every single time. The mushroom cheesesteaks are awesome. But the absolute best sandwich they have here is the meatball parm on a long roll. 6 bucks a sandwich and absolutely delicious. They also have, without a doubt, the best homemade chicken salad that I've ever eaten. Al's has the best deals in the city.We take out at least 4-5 times weekly.  There quality is exceptional and they are super nice and accommodating.   So glad we discovered Als a couple years ago.   Also, we have  had there catering numerous times too.  They do an awesome job with catering too!!I placed a walk in order and it never came out, I had to leave. People that ordered after me got their orders so I'm thinking the lady never delivered my slip. The staff looks very unorganized, very unprofessional. 
I wasted my lunch break waiting for a meal I never got to eat. Thank you!!Let me start by saying I love the food here and I've never had an issue until today. But as an ICU nurse at Torresdale Jefferson hospital, we order out a lot because we are too busy to go downstairs to the cafeteria. Also they close at 2 on weekends. Many of us don't get our breaks until after that time. We always place big orders with Al's but after today we are done. We called at 12 to place a large order and the girl, who already had an attitude, told us it would be an hour wait for delivery. We told her we would check to see if it was ok with everyone and call right back. When we called back the girl that answered said that she had to check if they were delivering. We told her we just called and were told they were but it was an hour wait. She then proceeded to put us on hold and when she came back she said the boss said no more deliveries today! And hung up. They won't be getting our business anymore.This place is a neighborhood treasure. They have the best Deli in the area all there prepared food are excellent with a large selection and alway highest quality. My wife can't get enough of there fried eggplant and I think there corned beef special sandwich is awesome (hold the pickles though lol) Businesses like this is what makes a Philadelphia neighborhood a true neighborhood. Thanks for all the great food and service all these years. Hope Bruce, Steve, rest of family and all there have a happy holidays and new year. Highly recommend.i recommend als to anyone who trying to save a buck and still eat good and service is speedy and food is done right...my fav is the hoagies and the breakfast sandwiches them things be huge...Friendly girls behind the counter will serve up the best breakfast sandwiches in the Northeast. You can grab a stack of pancakes for 4 bucks or go healthy with egg whites. I was impressed with the selection of groceries also available there such as cookies and snacks. What I will say is keep your coffee expectations low. They brew black coffee for under two bucks. It was fine for my purposes, but utilitarian all the same. The sandwiches and pancakes are definitely where it's at. If you have a sweet tooth they also offer pastries. I'm glad I don't live close to Al's, he'd put me a risk for congestive heart failure. Cause of death, greasy goodness. The deli offers parking and limited seating options. In addition to the parking options, there are SEPTA public transit buses and this location is super convenient to the Holmesburg Junction SEPTA station.Had a chicken cheesesteak.
Service 4.5
Timelines 5
Taste 4.5
Overall experience 4.75 
Good jobAl's Corner consistently serves high-quality reasonably priced food forever these three sandwiches were awesome. For all three it cost under 15 bucks and they were supper filling.It's dietz and watson y'all. They have good potato salad, cole slaw and they make pretty darn good hot sandwiches (cheesesteaks etc). When I was a kid we would go in and get their corned beef. It was REAL corned beef!! Now, it looks like Bologna and tastes like a boot insert. Bummed. Places usually go to the crapper when they get busy aka successful, but I never thought Al would sellout. Dietz and Watson is probably the worst (cheapest) lunchmeat you could buy. Why stand in line for fifteen minutes for something I can get at the Acme?I have been eating here for years and i still haven't had an experience that made me not want me to come back. I've been addicted to the chicken sausage sandwich with fried egg and hot pepper cheese on a English muffin... My tastebuds have a party when I eat this. The meat that they have all looks fresh. The prices are reasonable actually I'm lying they prices are pretty cheap. Talk about getting a bang for your buck. A lot of the people who work at the prison eat here so it's good for socializing too . Sorry if it's raining you'll have to eat in your car because the only seating is outside and it's limited.On the search for a new cheesesteak spot I searched yelp and stumbled across this neighborhood spot. Wish I didn't. I didn't order anything special. Just a cheesesteak with ketchup and mayo. I placed an order over the phone and went to pick it up. Very busy little corner store, with the locals picking up those deli meat for the upcoming week. Service was very friendly when picking up my sandwich, but when I was checking out when of the cashiers was too busy on her phone to even notice I was standing in line until after. Cheesesteak was very plain even with fried onions and peppers, but the roll was great. If you're in the mood for a great cheesesteak just keep looking.Kathy is great.  She is wonderful to work with.  We always get catering from here for work.  Best fries around, both kinds.  I really hate it when the kitchen gets lazy and they don't actually toast my toast though.  What a shame.  
Please lose the $2 delivery fee, especially when you are delivering .25 miles away and it takes over an hour every time.Rude attitude among the patrons and employees and the Italian hoagie was average at best. The best thing about this establishment are the cheap prices.I attended an event catered by Al's. Everything was fresh and hot. My favorite meal out is Eggplant Parmesan.  There's was excellent! I spoke to another person the next day. They raved about the food as well. Al's is now bookmarked on my computer, and I will definitely use them for parties and holidays.I've been going to this place since I was a kid.  Actually before that, as my mother's pregnancy cravings with me were corned beef specials from Al's.  All their sandwiches are amazing.  I steady rock the CBS though.  Also a favorite: the seafood salad.  But any salad, hoagie or platter you get from this place will take you back to the days before places like Subway or Quiznos plopped into our lives.  When real, fresh deli meat was present and the rolls from a local baker were key.Every time I got get food here I get a belly ache I think there is a bacteria issue here beware !!!!!!!Awesome food, best to get there early they get pretty packed but they have delicious lemonade and homemade iced tea. Delicious hoagies and their hot sandwiches are out of this worldBuyer beware came here for my graduation dinner and I got food posing first of all they was three hours late brought my sandwich tray in a hot van and nothing was cold All the sandwich had all the mayo and tomato very sloppy made well I woke up this morning and was going back and forth to the bathroom also I was thinking up I don't know what is going on I have there caritering service before never again hopefully I will be better by tomorrow they really need to get it together I will be not be coming back to this store if you had to many orders than don't take any more orders instead of making me sick could not enjoy my graduation because of the lack of compassion for the customer.Excellent breakfast sandwiches and you get a lot of food for your money.  The staff is very friendly. The place is clean and well organized. It can get very crowded but I always call my order in ahead of time and then pick it up so I don't have to wait too long. Highly recommend this place!!Just wanted to update to add that I was recommended trying their tuna salad by a few people.  I'm not a big fan of tuna but decided to try it.  People!!  Please try their tuna!  It's out of this world good.  I had it on potato bread with American cheese and I can't stop thinking about it.  Looking forward to going back to buy a lb of it to take home to make sandwiches!I love Al's, the food is great, the people are friendly to customers, even when the place is packed. I love all the food there. such a great staff.Different Cheesesteak #905.  I have been waiting to try Al's.  Big operation.  10 am and at least 10 other people waiting for sandwiches.  Big operation.  Salads and deli stuff looked amazing.  The cheesesteak was $8 and it is a corner deli.  Very Good corner store cheesesteak.  Very good balance, mix and amount of cheese, fried onions and mushrooms.I have eaten at Al's several times.  Their hoagies are the best. BBQ chicken breast hoagies and the chicken salad is the best anywhere.  Everything I've had was great. You get your money's worth there!   Service is good and fast.There are only twp places that make my FAVORITE chicken salad: my grandmom's house; and Al's Deli.  I absolutely get a little giddy when I know I am going to go to Al's.  First, let us start off by saying they give you a generous portion of chicken salad.  Second, when you pair that with their soft hoagie roll, and the always fresh tomatoes and onions, you have a winner.  I hope that Al's Deli remains in business, until I am too old to chew, lol. If you love chicken salad, then please, take a little trip to Al's Deli,and try theirs.  :-)We live right down the street from Al's so we have ordered from here many times.  They are usually on point but today I ordered a sausage and cheese on a roll (and paid an extra $.40 for the cheese) only to get home to discover they forgot the cheese.  :/
The Buffalo Chicken hoagie however was amazing! They also have awesome Strawberry Shortcake which I believe is from Holmesburg Bakery.  Also, they have the best home fries around, IMO.  All in all   a great place for breakfast or lunch.A coworker referred this Deli to me, and I am so grateful! I ordered ( before going) Two pounds of 'Al's Roast Beef' for company ( hot roast beef sandwiches). A man ( Bernie, who introduced himself) came from behind the counter to take and bring me my order. He was beyond accommodating.
 The roast beef, egg potato salad, coleslaw, and macaroni salad were delicious. The roast beef and gravy were amazing! 
Bernie was incredibly nice and helpful. 
My family LOVED the food! It was all delicious. I'll be back.Al's catered my mom's 90th birthday party this past weekend.  THe food was delicious.  The prices are great. Every person I dealt with was friendly and helpful, from Kathy who took and handled our order to the delivery guys who set everything up. Highly recommend!This is my absolute favorite place to order breakfast sandwiches. My family loves this place. I usually get the bacon, egg and cheese on a long roll. The sandwich is huge and packed and has a lot of cheese. The pork roll and cheese is also a great pick. This place is always crowded so I call and order ahead for pick up. Everyone is very nice in there and it is clean. There is also areas where you can buy specialty items while you are waiting for your food. I need to try the lunch menu out next.I'm new to this area and I go jogging pass this spot every day. I finally checked it out and when I tell you their food is hot, fresh and the service is great! Call in your order or be prepared to wait, but it's definitely worth it.