Let me start by saying that they are around the corner from me, literally. I am also a QE Fab 5 FANATIC, and they got me through a lot, but that's another story for another time. My mom and I sat outside, in these beautiful tables and chairs, with a beautiful flower arrangement (great choice Bobby!). My mom and I both ordered this roasted pear salad. I almost licked the plate. It was that good! We ordered a shrimp salad sandwich to go for my dad, and he said "really good, and well worth the price". I do have to say, the best part, was that they let me in, very quickly, to let me take a pic at the mural. Day made!!!!! It's my life wish to meet them, so this is as good as it gets. Please go here and enjoy. 10/10 I will be coming back!!!!!Best food ever! You won't walk away disappointed. So goooood!another gr.eat lunch at Alma's.  Unusual menu.  Friend got Eggs Benedict with eggplant which was fabulous.  I got the crazy Magno Salad which was fabulous. Unusual.  Mango and avocoda were so fresh; mixed salad greens so fresh also and crabmeat!!!!  I have a big appetite but I actually took some home (in a paper box which is environmentally conscious). such a very nice place.  Free parking at Municipal lot on 8th and Passyunk.Marco makes the best crab soup I've ever had and I lived in Maryland for 3 years. Restaurant offers outdoor seating and is super affordable. 10/10 philly stapleWonderful spot! Excited to visit, of course after watching Queer Eye. Food was absolutely delicious, lovely service, and socially distanced outside seating made me feel relaxed (even with the very busy surrounding Italian Market).Marco makes the best crab soup! This place is the best place in the world... Marco, I love you. 
Sincerely,
Your #1 fanOmg ! This place has the best tres leches French toast, everything on the menu is delicious and Alma is always super friendly and makes sure everything is the way is supposed to be !! Love this place !!This place is def a gem. Outdoor seating and cool vibes. Servers are lovely. Food is yummy- but limited. Mostly pork stuff but to Each their own. 5 stars to veggie burger  and tres leches. Craving it now. Con is smelly Italian village.Big fan of this place! The pulpo is divine--I've been to the restaurant twice but have ordered the octopus three times. Perfectly cooked and charred. Comes with grilled watermelon, which pairs beautifully with the octopus. Generous serving of silky avocado, too. Highly recommend. 
The ceviche anticuchera is also fantastic and also comes with generous heaping of avocado. Make sure to ask for additional chips--you'll need it to devour the dish!
Very intimate and wonderful service. Was able to speak to Alma afterwards and learned about the queer eye episode! Watched after my first time, of course!If you haven't been here yet, you are missing out! My boyfriend and I have seen their Queer Eye episode a bunch of times and have been dying to come all year. I have to say that I didn't have a single thing that I didn't enjoy. You read that right: everything was delicious!
We started with the calamari, which had its own unique texture due to the maseca coating. I was really surprised at how well it worked! My boyfriend had the swordfish, which he ate all of so I guess it was good. My shrimp tacos had to be one of the best I've ever had--that aioli was EXQUISITE. We finished off with churros, a true classic. Because of the heat warning that day, they also supplied a free glass of an agua fresca of your choosing. This family is truly so caring about their business and only want to feed people good food, so definitely give them a visit!Wonderful addition for the Italian Market. This place redefines brunch. The food is tasty...Marco's crazy mango salad, crab and corn chowder and salmon burger are fabulous. The services is loving and very attentive.  Will be back again and again and againI was amazed at the food, the service, and the absolute phenomenal family itself. The family was so kind and clearly so skilled at their craft. We ordered the salmon burger, lobster benedict, and 3 leches french toast and we're blown away! Definitely coming back!
Nos encantó todo sobre este restaurante! Increíble servicio y comida! La familia también es super buena gente y hasta se tomaron una foto con nosotras! Definitivamente vamos a regresar!
Lobster BenedictThis is an awesome addition to the Italian Market. So far I only had breakfast takeouts. There are many seafood items on the dinner menu I'd love to taste soon.There's an indisputable feeling of 'familia' that circulates the restaurant! The owner is very friendly . Great authentic seafood with a twist to it! Highly recommend the clam chowderSuch a beautiful restaurant! Right next to the market and everything on the menu is delicious. Highly recommend, we will definitely be back!Loved this place!  Unbelievably delicious food, great portions and fresh as can be. Fantastic service and a wonderful atmosphere. Loved the owner, his wife and daughter at first sight but even more after we saw the Fish- Phila épisode all about the making of Alma Del Mar on season 5 of Queer Eye. 
This is a don't miss kind of place.Amazing! Loved everything about this place! The food, I cannot wait to come back again and try more. Hands down one of the best egg benedicts I've ever had.  The crazy mango salad, so so freaking delicious!The perfect Coronavirus-Friendly dining spot. They have a really cool outdoor dining area in the middle of bustling 9th street. We went there when they opened (about 7:30am) with our 2 year old and he had a great time and loved his eggs. Mom had the french toast which was fantastic, and the lobster benedict was a steal at like $14 bucks for LOBSTER BREAKFAST!!! It feels very much like you are in the middle of the historic 9th street curb market and surrounded by great food. Thanks!!!!Perfect spot - great atmosphere, attentive service, and fresh food! Would be perfect for a date or for grabbing food with a group of friends!It's true - 50 Yelp reviews with an average of five stars! Almost unheard of.
Cute ambiance. I forgot I was in South Philly.
Homemade lemonade with different fruits added. Tasty!
And super-tasty grilled shrimp in the very reasonably-priced Greens and Seafood Salad.
The owner is very nice too. And great chicken mole tamales!Really nice small little restaurant located in the heart of Little Italy. I came here with a friend for brunch and ordered the lobster eggs benedict, chorizo as a side, bacon banana french toast, and some juice. Wow everything here was cooked perfectly. You definitely get a taste of both worlds with savory and sweet flavors. The eggs benedict is a must order. The hollandaise sauce with running egg and rustic potatoes were delicious. For the price of $14 its a steal. The restaurant has great outdoor seating with some mural art and white painted walls. This location is great if you love to people watch. As for the staff and Covid conditions, I have to give this place a A+. The entire staff wore masks and had gloves. The food came out quickly and the tables were more than 6 feet apart. Highly recommend this restaurant if you're in the area. Street parking is very easy to find. I'll definitely be back to try their other food items including their crab and corn chowder!We finally ate here this morning for brunch. We live just a couple blocks away and were very excited to try Alma Del Mar after seeing it on Queer Eye. We are so happy Marcos and his family were finally able to open! 
The staff are so friendly and respectful, and the food was delicious. I had the Molletes sandwich which was covered with chorizo, cheese, and an avocado spread, and paired with some hot sauce on top, it really hit the spot. My wife got the Tres Leches, which she is normally not a "sweets" type of person for breakfast, but she absolutely loved it. The menu is wide and varied and we will definitely be back to try more. 
Highly recommend this place, and it's BYOB!I had my graduation brunch here with my family and friends and they were super accommodating. The food was DELICIOUS and the place was super cute!! I cannot recommend this place enough!Great food, local business owners.   Best lobster benedict around.  The outdoor dining is pretty good, even on cold days!   Breakfast and dinner are both great.The food was good. What I found to be annoying were the horse flies, music so loud my date and I had difficulty hearing what the other said and the homeless guy that walked right up to our table to panhandle and proceeded to go to each of the outdoor tables before he was asked to leave. Not the ambiance I was looking for.Incredible food and atmosphere. The staff was accommodating and very kind. Hands down the greatest Mexican seafood I have ever had. Thank you!!!!!!I have looked at the Italian market for years but admittedly never looked twice at this place until after we saw it on the queer eye episode. 
The outdoor area is lovely and the fans make it refreshing even on a hot summer night. We got the shrimp and octopus ceviche to start which was slightly sweet with generous probs of seafood. I got Alma's branzino and my husband the airline chicken. The fish was well cooked and flavored gently so it's not to overpower the delicate fish. The chicken was satisfactory but not stellar. Given that the place is specialty is seafood this was probably not the best choice. 
The real star of the experience was Alma herself. From the moment we stepped in we felt welcome as though you read a table in someone's home. 
For three courses we spent $80 and given that the place was BYO this felt very reasonable. Will be back soon.Delicious! A lot of variety and everything is fresh! Great location and the restaurant is so inviting.  Can't wait to bring the fam.This was excellent octopus. The outside was well charred and smoky. The meat was tender. The portion was the largest I've ever seen. The price was a bit high. But not crazy.This place was saved as a place I wanted to go ever since seeing this family on Queer Eye. Yesterday I took a day trip to Philly and decided to finally try them for breakfast. I was seated in their outdoor space which was equipped with heaters. I decided to try their seafood and grits and I got an order of tamales. Baby when I tell you these were the best grits I ever had. It was absolute perfection. It was topped with fried whiting? 2 jumbo shrimps and scallops. The sauce just tied everything together perfectly. I don't care if I have to drive an hour and half the trip was so worth it. The tamales was just a greedy addition to my order. I ate them later and it was really good too! Also their orange juice is freshly squeezed. Everything just tasted so homemade and good. I'm so happy their business is still thriving and I will definitely be back!Strolling the Italian Market and stopped here for lunch with a friend. It's only a year old so I never saw it due to being locked away for the past year. 
It is a KEEPER! We shared molletes and a pear and Gorgonzola salad. 
The molletes is an open faced sandwich with chorizo, avocado, cheese and more. It is to die for!! A bit spicy and so tasty I was blown away with every bite. It's big enough to share. 
The salad was dressed perfectly and was loaded with Gorgonzola and perfectly roasted pears. 
Service was great and outdoor space was great. 
Don't miss this little treasure.Service: 10/10 
Food: 10/10 
Super friendly staff! We were immediately greeted with waters. When the sun started to hit our table someone came running over to adjust our umbrella. I was so pleasantly surprised by how accommodating and friendly everyone was. 
We ordered the corn & clam chowder, lobster Benedict and Marco's crazy mango salad. All came out amazing and we're super delish. We will definitely be back!My husband and I both tried the Crab and Corn Chowder, and split a Mango Salad for lunch. The soup was our favorite. It was creamy without being overly rich, and the corn was perfectly crisp and fresh. The salad was ok, but the crab lacked flavor. It seemed like it came from canned or frozen. I wouldn't order it again. 
We tried to come again for breakfast the next day. At 8:30 am, the restaurant was closed. Maybe next trip.Amazing food and great Covid safe dining. Service was great and BYOB. Will definitely return plenty left to try.A wonderful place for Sunday brunch even if it only has outdoor seating. A tried the bacon banana french toast along with a strawberry/ lemonade drink and it did not disappoint me as it was very filling.Every single dish was hit after hit. From the ceviche to the crab chowder, to the amazing fried branzino to the generous portion of wonderfully charred octopus -  DELICIOUS. This food must have been cooked from the soul. I washed it down with a refreshing horchata - just what I needed to finish off what proved to be an incredible anniversary dinner. I would definitely come back again if ever in the Philly area. This place is just special.This place is absolutely adorable. Finally decided to have a meal outdoors during this crazy time and Alma Del Mar was exactly what i needed. Tables were spaced outdoors and nicely spaced out. Because their dining area was quite big, I did not feel crammed nor did I have to deal with sidewalk seating. 
I ordered the crab mango salad and it was delicious. I embarrassingly inhaled the thing. I don't even love salads and this was just SO good. I also had the strawberry french toast bc carb is LIFE! Very good as well and just the right size that it wasn't overwhelming.
I would definitely recommend.Outdoor seating area is big and really nicely decorated. Makes social distance eating easy and pleasant.
Ordered the crazy mango crab salad and mango lemonade. The salad ingredients, specifically the crab, were phenomenal. It felt very fresh, light, authentic and natural. I only wish there was more! 
Good flavors and good menu options! I like that they even had veggie friendly options tooI've been to Alma Del Mar twice for dinner, first as part of Latin American Restaurant Week and second to introduce a friend to the Italian Market area. I love this place. I felt comfortable sitting in their outdoor patio which is fully covered and available in all weather conditions! I know going into this winter it will be difficult to find comfortable places to eat outdoors, but they have such a great set-up for COVID times. I recommend the corn on the cob, the crab & corn chowder, shrimp ceviche, octopus, and red snapper!AMAZING food would be an understatement.
Wonderful customer service. My family came here around 11am for brunch seeing the wonderful reviews. We were a group of 5, and had the following: 
Strawberry Explosion Smoothie
Wild Strawberry Smoothie
Veggie Burger (pictured)
2 X Eggs your way
3 Egg Omelet
Side of Fruit
Not to mention live music
I wish we found this treasure sooner and would come come all days we visited Philly.I can't express enough beneficial things about this flawless café. The lobster benny and huevos rancheros were stunning. Extraordinary measured segments and costs. My mother and I cherished sitting out on the concealed yard directly in the core of the Italian Market. Indeed, even the music playing overhead was incredible. The air is so charming and the staff made a point to inquire as to whether we delighted in all things. Extraordinary individuals, incredible spot! Energetically suggest.I really enjoyed my brunch at Alma Del Mar last weekend! The food was fantastic, the outside patio was so cute, the live music was fun (but a little too loud). I'd love to come back here!
My Huevos rancheros was delicious, and my friend loved her lobster Benedict. Surprisingly the lobster Benedict was only $14! What a steal! I guess that's the benefit of the owner also owning the seafood store attached to the restaurant. 
The waitress was amazing. It was my friends birthday and I did not tell anyone at the restaurant. I gave my friend a gift bag, and sure enough an hour later a tres Leche's cake with a sparkling candle was delivered. This waitress was soooo attentive to notice the gift bag that she got us birthday dessert on the house! And the live music guitarist started singing "happy birthday" and the entire restaurant was clapping. How amazing of that waitress!! 
Overall great experience. Delicious food. Fantastic service. Loved it!Really quaint and welcoming restaurant in the Italian market. We came on a particularly rainy day, but were able to stay (mostly) dry under the tent on their {socially distanced} outdoor patio. The wait staff was very knowledgeable and kind. We had made a reservation, but had to wait about 20 minutes for our table. This place is perfect for brunch and I love the location. The inside of the restaurant is nothing spectacular, but I did enjoy the Queer Eye mural on the back wall. 
I wish I could have tried everything on the menu because it all sounded very delicious. I ended up opting for the eggplant benedict and my girlfriend got the cappucino french toast. Both were spectacular and I was more than satisfied after the meal. My only quip is that our food was served in the paper containers. This was because we originally did not want to eat in the rain, but ultimately decided to sit down and eat when the rain started to decrease. It would have been nice if they could have transferred our food to real plates for the full experience. 
Overall, great spot for brunch with great food.Weekends in the city are made for brunch...and there's a new hot spot in town!! 
Alma del Mar has an awesome socially distant friendly courtyard in the heart of The Italian Market AND it was designed by the guys from 'Queer Eye'! There are gorgeous bouquets of fresh blooms on each table and a sweet mural inside & out. (If you're fans of the show, peep inside to see the cast!) 
There's something for everyone on the menu from fancy savory lobster benny with Old Bay hollandaise, to massive homemade veggie burgers complete with dairy-free chipotle mayo served with crispy sweet potato fries for the veg-heads, to simple eggs any way or pancakes or waffles with 3 toppings of your choice. This was a favorite for my kiddo! Swipe to see what she did with hers. It reminded us of Wilson from 'Cast Away'. Anyone else? Haha
Everything was super delicious!! Seafood was fresh. We were all very pleased and welcome another solid brunch spot (with no lines) to the city! 
We can't wait to come back and try the Tres Leche French toast and every other drool-worthy item on the menu! Such a great fusion filled menu! 
Oh, Don't forget some mango, strawberry, or peach lemonade! Hits the spot on a summer day! 
Service was very quick & friendly!
All around great spot!Cute little location right in the heart of the Italian Market with great brunch food and beverages!  White tent over head along with umbrellas gave us the ambiance of sitting somewhere other than Philly.  Lobster Benedict was delicious as was the Ribeye and Eggs (the frijoles were so good!!)  We also had an iced caramel macchiato and it may have been one of the better ones I've been served in a restaurant.  Service was attentive and we received our food speedily and with no issues.  Definitely make a reservation because seating is limited at the moment.This place is perfect for a nice outdoor lunch or breakfast. Staff is super friendly and helpful, very attentive. The restaurant itself is small but it has a nice outdoor seating area. The chairs are very comfy as if you are sitting at your backyard. Very relaxing with the umbrella to shield you from the sun. Each table is nicely decorated with a small vase of flowers. 
Mango salad: definitely get this. Mango is super fresh, sweet, and juicy. It has some sweet lump crab meat. The refreshing vinaigrette definitely completes the flavor.
Seafood salad: mostly are chopped if octopus. The vinaigrette isn't as good as the one with mango salad. It's very okay. 
Portion is pretty big. They use paper container instead is styrofoam. It's always a plus when a restaurant uses environmentally friendly container.
I definitely recommend this place when you visit Italian Market.This is the BEST kept secret in all of Philly. There is absolutely no doubt that if this restaurant was on Broad St or Rittenhouse Square, they would blow Parc and Capital Grille away. If there was a taste test, my money would be on Alma Del Mar's plate. I kinda want to keep this a secret, so I can enjoy their Surf & Turf and Lobster Benedict with the same convenience I always have. Do not underestimate this humble mom & pop shop. The quality and portion is a phenomenal value. This place is consistent, friendly, and a jewel to Philly food. Shhhh  Check them out, you're guaranteed to be thrilled, but don't tell anyone!   P.S. It's a BYOB... what are you waiting for?!Amazing restaurant honey! Absolutely FAB! A++ selection and menu!!! YES!!!!!!!!
I'm literally crying!! Clam chowder!!!Excellent breakfast on a gorgeous weekday morning. I had a very good, spicy (which I love) Seafood and Grits. The two others dining with me got eggs their choice: (1) poached and (2) omelette with tomatoes and carmelized onions. Came with home fries with peppers and multigrain toast. Waited on by owner and she did a great job in serving us and our requests for lemons and straws, for example. Would definitely go again!I had breakfast there today. Very pleasant atmosphere. I had the Lobster Benedict and I was disappointed in the quantity of lobster in the entree. I feel for it to be the highest price item on the breakfast menu I could have more than two small fractions of a claw. The huevos rancheros was very tasty and it was a huge entree that could have been shared.
I would visit again because the restaurant is promising just please attempt to serve the same portion sizes for all dishes. Everything was flavorful and delicious.Came here for a terrific brunch recently and had an excellent dinner tonight at Alma Del Mar.   The oysters Rockefeller appetizer was fantastic.  We shared the Seafood soup and grilled Branzino, both excellent!
Such a great addition to the neighborhood.   Marco the owner spent a few minutes welcoming us and made us feel at home.     You need to check out season 5 episode 8 of queer eye on Netflix.  Great background on the family and their journey to opening Alma Del Mar.   
Great atmosphere with the outdoor dining.  My wife especially appreciated the little touches like fresh flowers on every table.   We will be regulars.Delicious food and a warm atmosphere! We started with Ceviche Anticuchera which was beyond good. Not sure what exactly they put in the marinade but it's perfect. I wish there was some bread with it so you could dab it in the sauce. They gave us freshly made tortilla chips with it which were really good and nothing like those plain store bought ones. We then got Pulpo al Carbon and Alma's Branzino which were both amazing but I must say the octopus was a winner for me. It was so soft and perfectly seasoned and charred. Every bite was like a trip to heaven. The branzino was also very good but I wish it perhaps had garlic or cilantro. I would definitely come back to try some brunch items too.The food was amazing. Loved the outdoor seating and service was great. Will come back again next time I'm in Philly.This cute place is a gem! Great customer service, live music and amazing food! Definitely worth a visit when in PhillyCame in for dinner in the outdoor dining area. They put a big tent that provides nice coverage when it rains. When it gets darker at night they turn some lights on. 
Servers were friendly. I ordered the tamales with crabmeat. It's served without the corn husks. Nice presentation with some cooked greens underneath the tamales. Fresh cornmeal, perfect flavor. Highly recommended.
My usual is the mango salad. It has good amount of mango and crab meat. Dressing is awesome, not too sweet or too acid because you already has the sweetness from the mango.
Tiramisu is a nice dessert with strong coffee flavor. 
The small flower arrangement on each table is a nice touch for the dining areaOh my god, this place was SO incredible! As you can see from my photo I ordered the huevos rancheros and it was very VERY good ! I went with a few friends and we brought a few bottles of champagne since it's a BYOB which we love , and they were extremely accommodating.  They kept our champagne on ice and brought out an ice bucket to keep everything cold, our server was a younger man and very nice and attentive.  The food is extremely reasonably priced and I really love the atmosphere it's right in the heart of the Italian market . We can't wait to go back!Absolutely AMAZING! Went for brunch on a weekend, my partner and I had only just decided that morning we wanted to try out this new spot and got reservations day of. The outdoor dining is so adorable, the staff is incredible, my mocha oat latte was made PERFECTLY (I've been a barista for 7 years so I do not say that lightly), and our meals were absolutely delicious. I cannot recommend this place enough. I am excited to go back soon!Service was horrendous. It's like they went out of their way not to attend to us.  Literally everyone else had water except our table.  They took so long with our food (again many seated after we were and got their food ahead of us) I didn't even get to eat it.  I ended up throwing it out as I was too angry to eat.  I'm sure the food is good but don't go expecting decent service.Great overall experience. The wait staff was incredible. (It takes a lot for me to say that because I've been in the service industry for more than 10 years.) they were attentive and extremely cautious do to COVID. They asked permission to fill up our waters/ touch the glass etc. The food was delicious. Seriously, there were 5 of us and not one of us had leftovers. Decor / ambiance was perfect! I love it here and can't wait to go back. Highly recommended!!I have been dying to try the lobster benedict from Alma Del Mar (I lived in VT for a while and there was a diner just over the border in NH that did them SO WELL), so we ordered brunch this past weekend. 
My benedict was wonderful - large pieces of lobster, arugula was a nice touch, hollandaise was dreamy, and the potatoes were well seasoned! Total 5 star dish! 
My partner got the huevos rancheros, which he liked quite a bit. You should know that the tortillas come in pieces, under a lot of sauce, so got a little soggy... and this came with corn mixed in, which he is not a fan of (and the menu didn't mention). 4 stars. 
But the menu is amazing, we're excited to try some of the sweeter options, and I know I'll be craving that lobster benedict again!Fabulous!! Recommend the clam chowder! Beautiful on the inside and the food is sooooo good. 10/10. Best Mexican seafood I have ever had!Decor/service: mostly outdoor restaurant with a nice vibe in the middle of the outdoor market. They had live music going which is not my favorite thing but if it's your's then this may be the place for you. Servers were friendly but they deff need a better reservation system as they called me about being late even though I was sitting at our table already. Looks like they were using pieces of tablet paper to keep track of reservations.
Food: the brunch was excellent. Everything I tasted was flavored well and cooked well. The shrimp Benedict was above average and the home fries have a bit of a kick to them which I love. Deff a must try for brunch.My boyfriend and I just moved right down the block from Alma Del Mar in the Italian Market and have walked by their adorable (socially distanced ) outdoor dining patio numerous times. Everything looked and smelled amazing so we knew we wanted to try it for brunch this weekend. I got the shrimp club and he got the tres leches French toast for take out. Everything was EXCELLENT!! The colossal shrimp and bacon on the club was a match made in heaven. The bread was fresh and toasted to perfection. I've never had take out fries that stayed so fresh and crunchy! The tres leches French toast was also to die for! Portions are very large. The service was great over the phone and when we went to pick it up. Thinking we'll have to make this spot a weekly Saturday brunch traditionI'm amazed how good the food is in this simple but amazing place , I like the concept of the food and it is delicious, we are definitely coming back to keep trying different platesI ate the Lobster Benedict today and it was delicious. The mango lemonade was also a nice touch. Drove here from Maryland and I'm glad we made the trip here!Delicious variety of tamales! The fresh tomatillo salsa is great, especially when served warm. The mole one may be the best mole I have had in a few years. The Roja (with chicken or cheese) is also well flavored. 3 for six bucks is a great snack to share! The people who work there are also very friendly and the sitting area is well ventilated.Glad my friend decided on this place cause they are definitely worth a try! Tucked away between Italian market stores, this place has both indoor and outdoor seating options. My friend and I came on a chillier day and it wasn't too bad sitting outside since it's tented and has individual heating stands. The staff were welcoming and quickly showed us to our seats. I loved the extensive menu that covers all day meals from breakfast to dinner. We ended up sharing a few items including guac and chips, calamari tacos and lobster benedict. We had come during the day time and it wasn't terribly packed but in terms of service time, the food did take quite a while to prepare. We got our guac and chips and finished the whole serving of chips, got a refill of chips and almost finished that, all while we were having more lengthier casual conversations, before we got our other foods. The guac was really refreshing though, though a bit chilled. As for the calamari itself, that was really yummy and had a nice batter ratio. It didn't necessarily need the taco piece of it though as the two didn't quite fit together. For the benedict, the lobster was a bit dry and tough but otherwise can't go too wrong with lobster. Overall, a solid restaurant with some potentially good menu options but would only come here on less busy hours.Amazing food and smoothies !! Love the outside area :) nice af waitress!! Love it here and the marketA delicious lunch just off the Italian Market bringing the best of the Market together in one place: Mexican, Italian, seafood and family!Soooo delicious. The servers were so sweet to us and looked after us the whole time. Great atmosphere, outdoor seating, beautiful flowers on the table. Food was really great - highly recommend the brunch!! We got french toast and eggs benedict with lobster yummmm. Will go back soon!!Ew frozen milly yucky lobster on my Benedict and the breakfast nachos were not great. The coffee was lovely and the patio cool but the food was just so soThe food here is amazing and the service is great. We really enjoyed the crab tamales and the mango salad. The seafood was really fresh and delicious. The fact that this is place is byob is a huge plus as well!Get the tamales deal, these tamales are fantastic! Highly recommend every tamale they have(Roja, Verde)- but their Mole sauce is some of the best I've had. Get some extra mole sauce to drizzle  (or dump on these). Surprisingly filling and 6 dollars for 3 will solve a meal problem for you.Came here a couple of weeks ago for brunch and was pleasantly surprised!  They had a cute outdoor set up next to the restaurant and seemed to follow all covid guidelines.  The ambiance is actually nice considering that they are located in the middle of the Italian market. 
I ordered the huevos rancheros and lobster benedict and both were pretty good and flavorful!  The best part about this restaurant is that it is BYOB, so don't forget to bring the champagne for mimosas! They also give you fresh squeezed orange juice! 
I highly recommend coming here for brunch with friends!Alma del Mar has been on my list for the better half of a year, and I finally made my way for dinner with a friend this week. Food is a solid 4-4.5/5 and the service is a 5/5.
There were so many items on the menu we wanted to try, so we opted for ordering a bunch of things to try, versus any entrees. We ordered the grilled kale salad $15, crab and corn chowder $10,  grilled cauliflower $13, elote $4, calamari $18, and had the pineapple water $3. In total our bill came to $69 before tip and we both went home with 2 full boxes of leftovers. 
The crab and corn chowder was flavorful, and full of crab. The grilled kale salad was delicious with the char, but slightly overdressed, the shrimp was good. The cauliflower was delicious, loved the salsa rosa and salad that it came with and the portion was lovely. The elote was one of the best I've had, get it. The calamari had such a nice light batter and was well fried and seasoned. Our server forgot our pineapple water, and kept apologizing and was so kind through our night. The pineapple water brought me back to my travels in Central America, would definitely recommend, it will ship you straight to the tropics. Also, since we shared everything - I figured they would bring us 2 spoons for the soup but they divided the portion into two bowls which was so thoughtful and cute. Lastly, at the end of our night we were brought out flan for dessert on the house. Also *BYOB* no corkage fee!
Apparently they were also featured on queer eye, I had no idea. But I loved the food, the service, and the happy smiles of the lovely staff at this family owned restaurant. I would definitely recommend a visit and I can't wait to go back to try some actual entrees! (Although I swear some of their appetizers like the cauliflower can stand alone as an entree.. we ordered enough food for 4 people hah)An absolute hidden gem, skip the apps, go straight for the fish! This is the place to visit if you want to experience a pre-covid authentic restaurant dining experience. Dress warmly if it's later at night. BYOB.
Must get: octopus*, bronzino, mango salad
Meh: calamari
Missed out: all the fishes
It is so refreshing to write a restaurant review after the long covid hiatus. It is without a doubt that many establishments have struggled to balance a traditional restaurant experience, amazing quality food, and shortening each dining experience to allow for appropriate sanitation. However, Alma Del Mar figured it out...and it does so by having only 1-2 people take on the role of the cook, waiter, and greeter. They march at their pace, and your job is to enjoy the show.
I gotta say, before even going further into the experience, I really loved this place - we went during cinco de mayo and they had (slightly loud) live music playing and the overall energy was intoxicating. 
For food, the (everything) is very fresh, and I still can't stop thinking how Alma managed to put mustard on fish, and made it so unforgettable. Seriously, the food here is so filling and amazing that the price is entirely justified. My friend got the beef + seafood option, and they were quite pleased with both the quantity and the quality of the meats. Finally, the octopus - it was so perfectly cooked, but just a bit too salty. However, the grilled watermelon was so wonderfully paired to dilute the saltiness, sigh, it was so amazing.
Overall, I could go on and on, but you won't go wrong if you spend a little extra to try out the main dishes. Seriously, call to make your reservation and go already!
Food: 5 stars
Service: 4 stars (can be a little slow)
Price: 5 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars (it's really just a space between two buildings covered by a tent...but hey, it's got style.Lobster eggs benedict is a must.  and the tres leches pain perdu (french toast) for dessert if you have room.
A cute place to people-watch and dine outside in the Italian Market. The service was warm and friendly on a Friday morning, food came out quick, and was very fairly price. 
The lobster meat was heavily seasoned and cooked to juuuust-until crispy, no mush factor. There were a couple claws in the dish too--they didn't skimp.
Friend got a hibiscus iced tea which was very good, though also very sweet if you're into that. The iced coffee was just okay.
I would actually come back for that lobster benedict...and I don't return to many places twice.We got the Lobster Benedict and a Waffle with strawberries, bananas, and chocolate chips. They actually put the chocolate chips in the batter which everyone knows that's the way to do it!! This was my first time having a lobster Benedict and it was delicious. It was very well seasoned from the lobster to the potatoes that came with it. They added peppers and onions with a creole seasoning so it had a little kick but not overpowering! The staff was super friendly and nice. During COVID-19 they have the seating set up 6ft apart and the staff is always wearing a mask. The outside seating now has a tarp about two story's overhead and heat which is a nice alternative to inside giving you more air flow. Definitely want to go back and try some of their sweet breakfast items!!We've had our eye on Alma del Mar ever since watching their story on Queer Eye a few months back. Finally made it in for a late breakfast this morning and had a great experience! 
The outdoor patio is really cute and tables are very spaced out. There aren't too many places to sit and eat in the Italian Market but Alma del Mar is right in the middle of all the action, while still being tucked away from the street. There are signs at the front of the patio with all of the Covid precautions the restaurant is taking and requesting of their customers. There was hand sanitizer on our table and everyone we encountered was wearing masks properly. 
After checking out our menus, my husband and I both decided on huevos rancheros. Plus a trifecta of water, coffee and OJ. The OJ was fresh squeezed and tasted great. The coffee was awesome, too. 
We were presented with enormous servings of huevos rancheros and we each left about half of the dish behind. On a future visit, we'd probably order one to share plus something else from the menu. Looking forward to next time!Was shopping around the Italian Market with my mom when we decided to pop in for an early brunch. We have walked by this place so many times and now I totally regret not stopping in beforehand!! The restaurant is 95% outdoor as the inside is super tiny, but there is a huge tent up which is nice especially as the colder weather approaches. All of the servers were friendly and following COVID guidelines. 
We started off with some coffee and OJ and we were pleasantly surprised to find out the OJ is fresh squeezed!!! Sooo refreshing and I'll need to bring some champagne to go along with it next time. We ordered the Lobster Eggs Benedict and Bacon Banana French Toast and both were delicious. Highly recommend the Lobster Benedict - the portion is huge for only $14 what a steal!?! It was so flavorful and I can't wait to come back and order it again.