Been here twice in one week. Easily the best pizza in the city that doesn't require a dinner reservation. Anyone who give less than 5 stars should be kicked off yelp for life. While we waited for amazing mamas pie with fresh ground parm and basil on top they gave out free slices of some other amazing pizza.  Cash only. Praying for delivery to get added to mix.Ordered the PFD sandwich and a regular cheese pie, both were amazing...you really taste the freshness in every bite. It's hard to find a sandwich and pizza to this quality in the same joint but this place has it down! Will definitely be my new go to pizza spot.This pizza is ridiculously good. Probably in my top 3 in Philly. I like how they offer both thin and think crust, and I honestly couldn't decide which I liked better since they were both amazing. Do note that we came when it wasn't terribly busy and waited about 40 mins for 3 pies. There's no seating options inside as this seems like more of a take out place. Definitely worth it!Wow haven't tried Angelo's for quite some time simply because of convenience but WOW the specialty pizza was the best I ever tasted.!!!!This is the greatest pizza you will find in the area. The cheese steaks are awesome and you must try the cheese steak egg rolls!!!My boyfriend has always found something wrong with food I rave about, until I brought Angelo's Upside Down Jawn home. A bite into his second slice he said we had to make sure we wrapped the leftovers really well so we could eat it again the next night. No phone, cash only. Definitely worth itAngelo's Pizza is Incredible - They go the extra mile to serve excellent Pizza. The Upside Down Jawn is killer, I love the thick crust on this Pizza. It's to hard to explain why, just go taste it now. I also like to order custom made pizza's where I pick the toppings. Angelo's toppings are the highest quality ingredients. The cheese, sauce, pepperoni and sausage taste far better than most pizza establishments. The portions are huge. The sandwiches also look really good as well but I haven't tried them yet (and they even make the bread / rolls in house). Friendly and helpful staff. So happy I live nearby. Nice to see a Pizzeria focused on serving the best Pizza without shortcuts (and likely a hit to their bottom line in the process).  
Highly Recommended
BKThe best pizzeria that I've been to in a long time, the ingredients that they use are top of the line, the cheese that they grated on top of my meatball sandwich was delicious, I also had a slice of pepperoni pizza and the pepperoni, could be the best that I've hadLives up to the hype ! Great food ! Best ingredients ! Wish they were closer to my houseThis review I'm about to write is 100% true and not at all a lie or exaggeration in any way although I wish it were. My buddy and I found this pizzerias Instagram and were initially blown away by the pictures. The pizzas looked great and the hot sandwiches on the overly seeded rolls looked fantastic. We decided to give it a try. The first sign that this experience was going to be a let down was when I initially walked in the place. Barren white walls. One single metal table with 2 chairs and for some reason the place was 90% kitchen and everything was open so all you heard were the loud sounds of the dough being made by machine and cooks loudly talking in the back. Then I ordered a soda. A root beer to be exact. They carry some off brand name I've never heard of and it was awful. Just carry Coca Cola products or something normal. I don't need a craft root beer just a mug or an A & W or something. Okay so we decide we're going to order a plain pie and a cheesesteak. The cheesesteak comes out and it's a cheesesteak I can get anywhere. Not awful but nothing special. The big let down was the bread. It had no seeds whatsoever and looked like a roll you'd get at wawa not a place that claims it makes "homemade Italian bread". Then the pizza came out. My brother, my friend and I opened the box and everyone went silent. The second we opened it you could just tell it was completely and utter slop. Almost no sauce and way too much cheese. A good pizza should almost have a tan look to it when it comes out of a pizza oven. The crust should be dark and the oil should give the pizza an orange color. This pizza came out and was pale white. The worst part was that there was like a white liquid in the middle. Almost like the cheese has liquified into milk. From the undercooked crust to no oil drip, to no sauce, to globs of cheese it just didn't look right. So finally we decide we're going to try a slice. The second we ripped the slices apart all the cheese fell right off into a glob in the middle. I ended up eating dough and then a glob of cheese separately after each slice piece of dough. That was an embarrassing pizza and if I owned a pizzeria and had any pride I wouldn't have served it. This guy continues to post food that looks delicious on his instagram but it's all a lie. We were literally food catfished and he continues to dupe people to this day. He won't be in business long. His bread is awful, his pizzas atrocious, there's no where to sit, the list goes on and on. The woman at the counter also asked what 4 times before comprehending literally any part of the order. That was just the icing on this mess of a cake. Honestly I'm not even covering all of it but it's been like a month since I was there and can't remember every little detail we were criticizing when we were there. Unfortunately when we went at first this place didn't have a yelp page yet. The man is lying about the food he makes and gladly serving up slop and pretending he is some sort of new kid on the block that is a threat to the well established pizzerias of Philadelphia. Embarrassing. I'll never be back, I tell all my friends, family, and co workers to not waste their time making a trip over there, and the man deserves to go out of business. I've had some of the best pizza in the world in New York and Santuccis which is literally right up the block. I know good pizza and this ain't it. He should stop lying about his bread too. I can only imagine what other foods he makes that are a complete falsehood on social media but I'll never be back to try anything there again. There's too much good pizzerias and delis too close to him for me to waste my money.Pizza is my favorite food.  I have had it all over the world from Italy to India and from the streets of Naples to the streets of New York.  I moved to Philly four months ago and was waiting for great pizza.  And, after trying the rest (or at least a few,) I found the best.
There were people there from South Jersey, Italy and Ohio waiting in a small area in front of the counter for steaks, chicken and the amazing pizza.
The first thing you taste is the quality of the toppings and cheese.  The sauce is not overpowering but not too sweet or tart.  The crust was crisp and reheated well.  
This is not cheap pizza, nor is it really expensive. It was about $20 bucks for cheese and sweet Italian pie.  The sandwiches looked great as well and run about $11 for a sandwich which will feed to hungry people.
This is worth traveling for.Ok, so how I really feel. It sucks you can't call them to order, see a menu online, call them in general, need to order there, no seats, pizza was ok but my mouth was sore after eating 3 slices. Not great leftover cold either. Cheesesteak could use more meat or just cut your bread length a bit shorter.This place is terrible my dad ordered pepperoni pizza and we just had cheese, annoying but whatever then we eat it the and crust was burnt and there is barely any sauce this place is worse then Little Caesars pizzaMy 5 stars are not for the food.  Although the food deserves those stars.  My stars are for the two young women working the front on Friday 12-27-2019.  Took a chance to get a pie on the way home and was greeted by the expected crowd but my wife said, "What he hell, we are here".  So we strategized the parking, ordering, waiting plan and I stood in the store for about 30 minutes.  I watched these girls basically run the place.  I know the people making the food will object, but guys face it, if you make a mistake you can fix it before the customer notices.  These young women make a mistake?  Everyone knows.
These girls were skilled and efficient.  They did a great job.  But what they did more than anything else was treat everyone in a friendly and respectful manner.  Weather they were regulars and knew the menu or tourists acting like tourists. 
The result of their efforts?  Well how about a waiting room and sidewalk filled with people waiting...and everyone was polite and friendly.  I grew up in the city and worked in restaurants and know that shit does not happen by itself.  It happened because these girls set the tone. 
So thanks.  I appreciate your efforts.  I especially appreciate that you greeted this 64-year-old man, who is typically invisible to young people like you, the same way you greeted the young guys that came in after me.  Keep up the damn good work.No joke....hands down best pizza EVER!  Have not been disappointed yet, well except the day i was waiting for it to come home and they ran out of dough , o n no phone to call it in to pick up!!!  But i get it lolThe best cheesesteak in Philly. This place hits every element out of the park. Steak is tasty, cheese is sharp, and the bread is surprisingly the star of the show.
A few quick notes, Angelo's is cash only, but they do have an ATM inside. When I went on a Friday afternoon, the place was absolutely packed; they did manage to get our food out to us quickly. A few tables outside the store, and some standing room inside the store to eat, but expect it to be jammed. The girl taking our orders was very friendly, and helpful, recommending I get Cooper Sharp, over American Cheese, which turned out to be the right suggestion. 
The cheesesteak with onions and Cooper Sharp cheese is the way to go. Let's start with the surprising star of the cheesesteak, the bread. We're talking about an Italian roll freshly baked in-house. It's seeded, fresh, and used perfectly. Probably the most overlooked element to any cheesesteak, Angelo's nails it. You get this perfect crunch with every bite, and I cannot even begin to tell you how good a fresh baked Italian roll is. To talk about the cheese, go with the Cooper Sharp. It's basically a sharper American, and having tasted them both side by side, the Cooper Sharp adds the perfect balance of flavor. The steak it good quality, cut into ribbons, but not really chopped up too much. I will say, the only real knock on the cheesesteak is I wish there was a tiny more steak on the sandwich, as I did get a few bites with just bread (not that I'm complaining, but is wonderful). The meat is very tasty, and more ribboned, not chopped finely. Also, when you get onions here, you can taste them. Not finely chopped, so you really get the crunch of the onion. In terms of competitors, I think John's Roast Pork cheesesteak is close to it, but the fresh Italian roll, and Cooper Sharp cheese puts this over the edge.
I also had cheese fries while I was here, honestly, they were whatever. Just average, out of a bag fries with some cheese wiz on them. Not that there is anything wrong with that, it's a classic, but nothing special about the cheese fries. Price is $11 for a cheesesteak, which I think is a bit on the higher end for Philly cheesesteaks, but totally worth it.
Food (A-) Pricing (C) Atmosphere (B), Service (B+)Ordered the upside down jawn! This was delicious. Probably one of my preferred pizza spots in the city. Take out only.. cash only... no phone. I get the takeout and the cash. The no phone thing is rough. You have to go in, place your order, and then come back?! Well.. besides all that, the pizza is worth it! Nice thick crust on the upside down jawn. Good portion of sauce and cheese under it. Cooked nicely. I'm a fan of this pizza and will be coming back for it. $22 for 12 square slices. Nice little line too, so you know the food is delicious!I have not been able to find a pizza that I really like in a very long time. I think most pizza places have to compete in price with the horrific Dominos of the world (totally disgusting) and end up sacrificing quality. This pizza is totally awesome. If you go, be aware that this is not a restaurant (some tables outside), you can't order by phone, they don't deliver, it's hot inside. If you're expecting anything else don't go or don't complain. Less waiting for me.Pizza perfection!! The grandmas upside down with pepperoni - it's what dreams are made of.  The sandwiches are out of this world!  We loved loved this place in Haddonfield, and even though it's over the bridge now, it's absolutely worth the drive.  Everything they make is the best.   I can't say enough great thinks about this place, the quality of the ingredients, the food.  There's no better pizza place.Stopped on a beautiful Sunday evening and grabbed a few slices to avoid the long wait.  Sat outside at one of a few very small tables on the sidewalk.  The pizza is definitely worth the trip.  We look forward to ordering a whole pie next trip.   Glancing at food on other tables, hoagies looked huge and bountiful.   Can't wait to return to try the many options on their menu.   Cash only.   Small waiting area inside.  No phone to call and order.   Definitely worth the commitment.Food was great minus the Caesar salad (they forgot the croutons). Hoping they get their shit together soon though. No phones yet. Walked in and placed my order and was told it would be ready in 30 mins. An hour later my order was finally ready.Completely lives up to the hype. A week or so into being open and this place already stands out in a neighborhood with easily the best food scene in the city. Try anything and everything.The pizza is definitely worth trying. The lines have been crazy ever since it got a 9.1 review. There is no seating inside , its kore of a grab and go sort of place but its worth the hassleWe heard a lot about this from Facebook and wanted to try it. When we got there the line was down the street and about an hour wait. We came back later and only waited 40 mins. The pizza was great and I liked the cheese. The basil on top gave it amazing flavor. Great place.Just tried Angelo's for the first time. Walked up, ordered the Diavlo and waited about 45 minutes for it.  The pizza was delicious.  I'd say it's the best pizza I've had in Philly to date.  If you have time to wait for the pizza, it's definitely worth it.Yes it's hot as shit in the shop ... yes it's cash only ... yes I was sad to see Sarcone 's sandwich shop go...but this place has one of the best pizzas/steak/chicken cutlet subs under one roof in Philly. And for how busy it gets it's very fast.Service- super genuine and friendly, prompt.
Pizza? I got the UPSIDE DOWN JAWN. It's in all caps because it weighed like 30lbs and was outrageously delicious. Thick dense deep dish, tangy sweet red sauce, stringy high end mozzarella cheese, caramelized crispy crust. 
Hands down best pizza in the city. 9.2 non rookie score everyone knows the rules
FYI- one pie basically feeds a family of 50.
Oh- to the weirdos complaining about seating- welcome to Philly.FUCK, THAT'S DELICIOUS (the show was filming the day I went).
The title of the show perfectly describes the food here. Angelo's is takeout only, but don't let that fool you. They don't have a phone, so expect there to be a line. I went at an "off" time around 3pm on a Saturday (not typically lunchtime or dinner time), and it was packed. There is a counter along the front window and one wall in the front and a few tables outside, so you can eat in if there's room. The line moved quickly, and the wait wasn't too long (30 minutes for a thick specialty pizza and a sandwich). 
We ordered the Upside Down Jawn with pepperoni and mushrooms and a roast pork sandwich with sharp provolone, broccoli rabe, and roasted peppers. The pizza was incredible, and the sandwich was one of the best roast pork sandwiches I've had (at least at a takeout place).
The (specialty) pizza was thick and square. There was something about the sauce that just tasted better than other restaurants' sauces. Even the (imported) pepperoni was delicious. The crust is thick and crunchy. 
I can't wait to come back and try something else.Had the pizza here before and it was really good and I'm not a big pizza fan. Today we got cheesesteaks they where so so but the onions where to thick and that what makes a cheesesteak but not all thick it's not right. Also got some fries they weren't done! For 37.00 they need to step up their game.Miraculously found a parking spot right across the street. My boyfriend and I got two large classic pizzas and, once we were back in the car, agreed to have just one slice before we drove home. 
Yeah...that didn't work. We inhaled the first pie, it was so perfectly crispy- definitely try Angelo's if you appreciate quality pizza! 
Like everyone else has said, they are cash only and you can't call ahead (but it's so worth it)Maybe best pizza I've ever had!  In town for lacrosse tournament, friend recommended Angelo's as best pizza in town.  Off the chain!My sister and I got the Upside-down Jawn. This place was pretty hyped up by other reviewers and had the long line to back it up. The pie amounted to a Sicilian slice when it was all said and done. Great for a 1 time visit, not worth adding this to your favs unless you live within walking distance. 
Reminded me of Kate & Al's at Columbus Famers Market in S. Jersey. If your in Columbus, NJ on RT. 206, stop in and get a cheaper slice.My son had tried this place once before and raved about it so I figured I'd give it a shot.  I looked it up and saw they only had take out and no phone number to preorder.  When we got there a sign was posted up front "cash only" as well but had about 10 people waiting for food on a Tuesday night, so it must be good...right?  I have tasted pizza from just about everywhere Philly, New York, Chicago and this pizza at Angelo's is in a league of it's own.  It was cooked perfectly, pepperoni was crispy and slightly burned on the edges, the crust was like a taste of heaven.  Get this pizza, it's a game changer!!!I don't have to write much. Just go. Go get yourself some grandmom pie and a cheesesteak. It will change your life. It'll be hard to get pizza elsewhere after this. And their bread- their bread for their cheesesteak is ten stars! I can just have that and be happy but to think of combining it with cheese and steak brings me pure joy.Best pizza and cheesesteak in town. We hope it stays under-the-radar but it's too good not to share about. Limited outdoor seating so we do take-out. TIP: cash only and you can't order ahead, so make sure you have 20-30 minutes to kill when you arrive because you'll have to wait while they make the pizza!Awesome Pizza and Delicious cheesesteaks! Staff are always polite and on top of their game, even when the crowds get big for ordering.Delicious pizza! We ordered the upside down jawn with pepperoni which cost $28. The pizza weighed about 4 pounds and was HUGE! 
We went around 5PM on a Saturday and there were a decent amount of people there. It is cash only. After ordering, I waited about 30-40 mins for my pizza. Well worth the weight.We came here on 5/27/19 because Johns roast pork was closed. We ordered a couple of slices, a cheesesteak, and the PFD sandwich. When we came in they were cutting up peppers in the back. 
We tried a plain slice and a grandma slice. The plain slice was good. The ingredients are clearly fresh. The bottom half of the slide was very good- it has a great crunch leading up to the crust. It's not crispy to the point where you feel like you're eating a cracker (which in my opinion is good). It's crispy while still having the fresh and soft doughy taste. It's a good slice, but not great. 
The grandma slice was out of this world. The sauce is is done very well and it has a perfect crisp throughout. It's the best grandma slice I've ever had. 
What surprised me the most was the cheesesteak. The bread it comes on is fresh and has a great crunch to it without being overly crunchy. We had American cheese and it was melted throughout the entire cheesesteak, which is so much better than places which puts the cheese on just the top or bottom of the sand which. The steak was cut into slices and didn't dry out. I prefer when the steak is a little bit thinner, but this worked and was fine. I was a little disappointed with the amount of meat on the sandwhich. There were moments where I was just biting into bread and cheese. This was a very good cheesesteak and in my opinion could challenge my favorite cheesesteak (Johns) with a couple of minor improvements. As I noted before, the bread quality here helps take the sandwhich to a different level than most cheesesteaks. 
The PFD was of very high quality. The mozarella is clearly fresh and I assumed was house made with how fresh it was. The chicken cutlet was breaded beautifully and is presented perfectly golden. It also had artichokes, prosciutto, and balsamic. 
All in all, this is a very, very good restaurant. The pizza is very good and the cheesesteak was surprisingly excellent. From what I saw of their menu, they incorporate the chicken cutlet into quite a few sandwiches which makes sense considering how great their chicken cutlet is. If you don't want the PFD because of how busy it is, they have simpler sandwiches featuring the chicken cutlet.Came here because we were looking for a tomato pie. Was trying to find it in the bakery on the same block but they were closed on Sunday early. So glad we checked this place out. There were many people in and out the small place constantly, which is always a good sign. We got the tomato pizza with no cheese. Yes, we were specifically looking for "marinara slice". It was beyond my expectations! The pie was very large and has tons of tomato sauce on it. It was not overly sweet and has nice roast garlic slice. We chowed down the whole pie with no problem and it was so delicious. Definitely recommend!I loved visiting the shop when they used to be in Haddonfield, NJ. Now I drive 25 minutes over the bridge for their Pizza and sandwiches, IT'S THAT GOOD!!!Update: lowered review by 2 starts. I stand by my 5 start rating of their cheesesteak. They lost the 2 stars for wasting my time. Drove 15 miles to here this past weekend with the family raving about the steaks only to be greeted by the kid taking orders telling customers that they were only serving pizza - no sandwiches or salads etc. Waste of a trip. If you plan on going here, you might want to call ahead to see if they're serving the other 80% of their menu.
*********
I can only review the cheesesteaks as that's all I've ever had here. It's going to be a very short and sweet review because I don't want it to be hyperbolic. 
I had a steak with the cooper sharp, broccoli rabe, and the house made stuffed long hots served on a Sarcone's roll.
It is the best cheesesteak I've had in all my 50+ years on earth. Everything about it is perfect.
It's a little bit pricier than most, but well worth it. They're pretty big so consider splitting one. There's not much seating, aside from a few tables outside, so be prepared to stand and eat or take it back to your car or home.Great grandma pie.. can't wait to try some of there sandwiches.. first class place .. everyone is so friendly..I highly recommend it..I grew up on this pie, I might be bias but if you're a barstool fan I'm giving it an 9.0. Homemade and delicious!I clearly need to come back for a second try because my first experience a while back sticks out in my mind considering the recent hype (not that I trust the Barstool reviews at all).   My first and only experience was definitely solid from a flavor perspective.  We got the standard plain pie.  The flavors were certainly very good from all components.  But the pizza was sloppy and messy with the cheesy falling off the pie and the crust was too flimsy.  When you put this next to a Beddia slice it's just not quite the same.  I think we may have just gotten an "off" pie because I doubt their reputation could be this good serving pizza like that.  I look toward to coming back and hopefully adding a star or two.Awesome pizza and awesome sandwiches. You can really tell they care about what they do here and only use the best ingredients. The grandma pie is my favorite of the pizzas I've had so far.Angelos relocated from Haddonfield, NJ to South Philly. From their pizzas to their sandwiches to their Sunday Gravy- everything is awesome! The owner, Danny, puts his heart into his business and it shows through his connection with the customers and desire to only serve the best food. Try it out, you won't regret it.Had an upside down jawn (pizza) and drunk cutlet (sandwich). The type of pizza we got was a square pie. It was absolutely delicious. The dough left a flakey crust that was light and delightful. There was the perfect blend of sauce with cheese. The sandwich was also really good. That specific sandwich had phenomenal cheese in it that helped put it over the top. 
Highly recommend. But try to go on a weekday to skip the long lines on the weekend.A good friend of mine has eaten lunch here everyday for two weeks. I said damn man that's excessive! So naturally when we were meeting up to exchange episodes of the new Swamp Thing series he suggested it as the spot. 
So we go in and we're behind some jerk off that is having a fit about how much his 10 topping pizza costs. Then he goes on to order another! It's cash only so he has to leave to go get more money. So in between his first large pie and his next it's our turn!
I felt bad for the lady at the counter so we made some conversation! She gave me a free slice because she thought the first one she gave me was too small! Pretty cool! 
It goes to show that there is really no reason for you to be rude to someone who has a service job. These jobs are often very hard work and normally underpaid/under appreciated. So what do you really get out of being a dick?
The actual pizza was puuuuurfect! Pepperonis so thin they curl when cooked. Perfect amount of sauce on a thin crust. The crust had som great crisp to it. I was like oh this is why he's been here every day for two weeks. 
I wish this spot was closer to me. Unfortunately I'll only be able to have it when I'm in the south. 
If you live south get at this place!
Is 9th street magical? It always has the best pizza places.Honestly, the best pizza I've ever had. Went early before they opened and there was already a line... ordered pretty quickly and the food was ready in 30 minutes.Came on a Sunday afternoon, and though it looked like a decent line, people were actually just waiting for their pizzas to be made. Walked right up to the counter to order. 
Went for the Upside Down Jawn. $24 without toppings, but it was a big, heavy pie that could comfortably feed four. It was tasty, but not particularly unique. Didn't seem particularly upside down, but oh well. It was unfortunately a bit undercooked so parts of the dough were too soft, but the edges were nice and crispy. Actually enjoyed it more when it cooled off a bit and cheese congealed so that the dough wasn't as soggy. 
Also be prepared to wait. We were told it would be 30-35 minutes and it was closer to 40, so prepare to wait. Cash only! Atm inside.
Lower health score makes me nervous...I think I'm in love with seeded rolls . Lately I've been trying to find the best tacos and the best Italian sandwiches. So I'm randomly into Chicken Cutlets now. Roasted Red Peppers, BroccoliRabe, EVOO, FreshMozzarella, ShavedParmesan and the JYS hoagie w/ SlicedTurkey, prosciutto,  sauteedspinach, roasted red peppers, provolone, mozzarella, red wine vinegar, and dryherbs.
Angelo's bread is amazing and the ingredients are top notch and top notch. I'll rave about the pizza in another review. @foodielifemacI've been here once before and had the PFD sandwich.. it was fantastic.  The two stars comes from my visit tonight where I arrived at 6:30pm and they and they were out of bread for sandwiches. It's a pizza and sandwich place.. 75% of your menu is sandwiches.. and you don't close until 9pm .. oh and it's a long weekend.. it doesn't add up!  Fortunately for me.. I didn't have that trying of a time finding parking but it's impossible to park around that area for the most part.. so there's that.  However.. they don't have a phone so you can't call to get updates either.. communication is only vis their social media.. and at the time arrived.. there was nothing on their social media to state that they were only serving pizzas. So they get 2 stars for terrible customer service.  Honestly.. I don't see why more people aren't coming at their necks about this.  The owner really needs to address these issues.Had grandma pie and regular pie with pepperoni. Both were top notch. This is some of the best pizza I've ever had. Of note, there's nowhere in the place to sit and eat, just some counter space. Parking in the area is sparse and there's no phone to call ahead, so this isn't the easiest place to get pizza from, but if you're on the fence I can confirm that this place is worth the extra effortThe pizza is very good, but the sandwiches are the real stars of the show. Best sandwiches in Philly hands down. They are pricey, but they are really big and worth every penny!Well worth the wait. Yes it's cash only and they don't have a phone. Bringing it back old school! (Don't be a strapper) Take out only. We got a pizza and two sandwiches. That pizza. My god. It was so fresh and the dough. I can't. Not to mention it stayed hot (temperature wise) forever. Can't wait to make many trips back hereUpdate:  Went back.  Definitely better than my first experience in terms of being less floppy and messy.  Still think it's great but not amazing.  Too thick and doughey.  Without toppings I also found it to be a bit bland.  If it was close by and didn't require waiting 45 mins and eating outside I'd definitely go more often, but it's not quite worth it for me.  3.5/5 is more what I'm leaning toward.Angelo's pizzeria is the best place for Philly cheesesteak EVER. I tired there cheesesteak with every thing on it and it was amazing every thing was cooked well and also taste amazing!!Omg ! Cheesesteak with cooper sharp .... phenomenal .... that upside down jawn .... wow .. so goodSorry but this place doesn't deserve the hype. It's BS actually and I hate to be the first s*** storm to come down on this place but someone has to. Here we go:
1. No phone number to call to place an order for delivery/takeout OR ask if they are "out of dough" (more on that below. Forcing you to walk/drive there.
2. Cash only establishment.
3. Tried going 3 times here during normal dinner hours only to get turned down due to "we are closed early tonight" or "we're out of pizza dough..."
4. The only time I did manage to place an order the cashier recommended I get a cheese steak ("because that what they are known for in Philly").
5. The cheese steak was filled with onions, peppers, mushrooms and cheese. There was very little meat - almost non existent. 
6. If you do walk down there and get lucky enough that they have dough... get ready to wait another 45 minutes for them to make the pizza. Bonus: there is a nice park across the street you can wait at (I'm a nice person I promise). 
I do want to try the pizza as I've heard good things. But that's clearly impossible. 
I get the whole exclusive, marketing approach this place is trying to pull off but seriously this place is clearly only here to waste my time and yours. Good luck.Now that Barstool has reviewed it, this place has blown up in popularity. Our first try was on a Friday evening, they had run out of dough by 630. We tried again on a Thursday night. We got there by 6 o'clock, placed our order, and they ran out of dough 5 minutes later. We waited about 25 minutes for our cheese pizza. There's no place to sit while you wait. There are three two seater tables to eat at outside but we just ate in the backseat of our car. All this sounds miserable but it's worth it I promise! The pizza is amazing and it's a must eat on the Philly pizza list. When we go back we will be trying one of their delicious looking chicken cutlet sandwichesBest pizza in Philly. Don't bother going anywhere else. Expect long wait time and they only take cash. It's worth the wait.After trying Angelo's once I immediately thought to myself - why would i EVER bother eating any other pizza in Philly??
Their pepperoni upside down jawn is ridiculous with a crisp crust and a chewy smooth fluffy interior. The sauce is mild and the cheese is perfectly salty and gooey. Their pepperonis are out of this world (tiny thick ones). Each slice is super filling so I'm sure a large could feed a family!
After COVID they are accepting phone orders ONLY, they'll call you when the pizza is ready to pick up, and you can swing by and pay in cash. Cash only. 
Will be back soon. Silver lining of COVID: Angelos takes phone orders!!Good pizza horrible service.. they think they are hip for not having a phone. Went to go get pizza they entire pizza making machine were down.. lost my parking spot because they don't have a phone or let people know on social media..Had the roast pork wit spinach and sharp. And the sandwich "The tiny" delicious! Highly recommend this place. If your lookin for authentic s philly , they got it!  That's all that needs to be said.Ok ok ...the hype got me but the hype was also real...wow how did it take me this long to try this spot...order a chicken cheese steak a regular cheese steak and a pizza...ingredients are super fresh and highest of quality...this roll they use wow...I said a prayer while I was eating it cause it only felt right ...this spot is a must try rain or shine I'll wait in this lineStopped by Angelo's this afternoon and I wasn't disappointed!  I had the 'TINY'. I'm torn as to what was my favorite part of this sandwich.  Their roll was perfectly crusty but chewy, roasted reds were sweet and full of flavor.  Basil pesto added a touch of freshness too.  Can't wait to stop back and try another.This pizza and sandwich joint is the truth. The taste is amazing and the pies were better than Italy,The cheesesteak on fresh garlic bread was totally a foodgasmPhenomenal. Inhaled the pie vice liquid courage, says a lot about the quality.My wife and I stopped here for a bite to eat while visiting. We were very impressed with it. The pizza was great. The reviews are mixed, although if you're chill and want great pizza, this is a solid option.Strong 4, close to 5. Very accommodating - they quartered my requested toppings even though they typically won't. Not the cheapest pie around but not close to the most expensive and the superior ingredients are easily recognizable in the flavor. Only had the Grandma and it was close to being worth the 40 minute wait. I second the calls for a phone or online ordering option. All in all, worth the wait for quality pizza.They make the best hoagies ever made from fresh spinach, mushrooms, peppers...   They bake their own bread and brilliantly score it so it's the crustiest bread I have had.  Their pizza looks great too. 
I order a make your own up - Spinach, red peppers, long hots, mushrooms and coopers sharp cheddar.New pizzeria that relocated from Haddonfield. We tried a grandma's pie with pepperoni and a tomato pie. Both were great - it looked like some of their Jersey customers followed them across the bridge - the place was packed on its first Saturday night.
We'll be back.Amazing bread baked on site.  Great sandwiches.  Amazing pizza- esp the grandma pie.  
Worth the trip.One of the coolest experiences I've seen at a restaurant. Waited from start to finish half a hour. Line of like 20 people before me. So that Is very good. Got a basic cheese pie that was outstanding. It was good ingredients, typically at pizza places cheese slides right off the pizza not here it was perfect. Also got a chicken parm hoagie, I haven't had a wow bite in a long time but it happened when I took a bite. Everything from the bun to the ingredients in the sandwich was great. That seeded roll was fantastic
Definitely will be back highly recommendREALLY tasty pizza. Crisp but not crumbly crust, delicious sauce and cheese. I got the Square thin pie with hot sausage and long hots as toppings, which definitely gave it a good kick. This pizza tastes more real/less gourmet. Just the way I like it. Nice job!!Cash only. Take out only. Does not deliver. Has no phone number listed. Great little shop with great food. Pizzas are really good , so are the sandwiches.  Fast no nonsense service when I went.Was told about this place about a month ago and finally made it to Angelo's Pizza and the food was delicious!
5 The Communion - Fresh chicken cutlet, spinach, mushrooms, covered in white cheese sauce. Everything was Devine.
5 Upside Down Jawn w/Pepperoni- Thick Crust square pie pizza w/sauce on top of the cheeseAlways a long line and no seating, but the pizza is worth the wait.
I've had the upside down jawn and the grandmas. Grandma's is awesome.
I can't want to try the sandwiches.Quite an authentic pizzeria, but unfortunately with a broken mixer at the time of my visit. 
For a 32 minute wait to get 2 sandwich orders and fries, Cash Only, and the Hot interior with poor A/C and lack of sitting room, I'd give this establishment a 3/5.
Setting: My two friends and I came in with empty stomachs and great hopes for pizza. Plastered all along the walls there were signs of Broken Mixer, no pizza until further notice. Our hearts sank along with the beating hot sun. Unfortunately we were stuck ordering sandwiches, which the wait made quite disappointing. 
Ambience: Functioning like a well oiled machine, the two cashiers took order after order and people literally flooded in for a solid 20 minutes in a continuous fashion. 
Food: We waited for 32 minutes for our Karen and Philly Food Dude sandwiches, even though dozens of others had shorter waits. 
The Karen - prosciutto overlying lovely arugula, tomato and chicken. The bread was a little on the thick side for me, but overall it was quite refreshing and quite the hefty portion size.
The PFD - I felt had been a bit dry, I liked the sauce, but felt slightly disappointed.
The fries were like a classic skinny fry with a nice balance of salt and crisp.
Tips/Takeaways:
-I will have to return when the pizza does too, as per all the rave recommendations
-For the wait on a hot sunny day in a hot mostly take-out restaurant, I'm unsure how often I would re-attempt that again...
-Overall, I'd recommend a return every 8 months for a classic, hefty, sandwich.Really Really good, except they don't have a phone so pre-ordering is not an option!