Everyone was ordering hoagies as I walked in but their hot sandwiches were some of the best I've had. I went with the chicken parm and my brother with the meatball. Can't wait to try their hoagies next time I'm in Philly.Was in the neighborhood, stopped in for an Italian hoagie, pretty impressive for a new guy on the block. Apparently just opened. Definitely recommended!I live near here and so happy they moved in!!! Their whole menu is delicious!  I've been coming here three times a week and I can't stop haha.  And Tony always greets me with a smile.  Love this place. My new favorite food joint!Old fashion Italian is phenomenal. Taste exactly like a chickiespecial. Highly recommend the old fashion ItalianOutstanding Deli. Really fresh meats, great veggie hoagie. Always feature good lunch specials. Highly recommended.We reviewed a hoagie tray today and let me just tell you these sandwiches are amazing!! So fresh!!! Eggplant! Chicken Cutlet!! Italian ....I could eat the whole try myself!!! Definitely recommend !Best hoagies in south philly from Melanie and friends from American red cross!!!! I've had many hoagies in my lifetime,,, these hoagies are absolutely the best!!! Keep up the good work!!!!Born and raised in south philly, and THIS place gave me the best hoagie I've ever had in my life. I literally thought about it for several days hahahaha do yourself a favor and order a Cotechino with Prosciutto, it's amazing. Can't wait to try the Mortadella next.I'm an electrician by trade, which is a very stressful job especially when dealing with HIGH VOLTAGE LINES WITH SE RATED CABLE. To get me through the day, I look forward to lunch. What better than a hot or cold sandwich from Antonio's? Nothing! I usually go with meatballs although they have the best chicken cutlet in the city and their anchovy sandwich is ridiculously delicious as well! The customer service is extremely friendly to boot! At lunch I pick my sandwich up and I'll go in the back of my work van and enjoy the best time of the day! I'm also a sucker for dessert, especially chocolate (Tony has a wide variety of delectable tastykake desserts) , so I'll enjoy that right after my sandwich and then maybe a short nap before I get back to work. I used to be very irritable at work and rage out over little things like losing an extension cord etc. but not anymore! Looking forward to lunch being a big STRESS RELIEVER has made me a whole new man at my work place. Thank you Tony's sandwiches and chocolate dessert for making me a brand new person! I highly recommend this place! It's a must visit!Great sandwiches & friendly service. My wife and I split an Italian and a corned beef for under $20. Both were delicious.I'm sure it is annoying having Chickie's cited in almost every review of this new deli.  However; it is impossible not to reference such a beloved South Philly gem when reviewing the new shop that took over the location.  Great news is that Antonio's Deli knows how to make a great hoagie in their own right and that is wonderful news for all who were feeling a sense of loss at the closure of Chickie's.  This shop will not disappoint.   Antonio's you have it in hand and soon your reputation will be well established and past Chickie's glory will be just a very fond and delicious memory.3 Times I've used Antonio's due to being recommended and 3x I forgot to take pics! Sorry Folks. But trust me they are reasonable and great.  We've used them for 2 birthday parties and just this week for Penn graduation. 
We were not oing to trust these important occasions to anything other than the best and we've been happy every time. 
They are full of meat and the rolls are fabulous. 
You can't go wrong here.If your looking for a fresh and Authentic South Philly style Hoagie this is the place to go to! With a true Italian flair of authentic deli meats and the bread is very fresh and not your typical grocery store bread. If your craving for a delicious hoagie, this is the place to have it, especially with all the variety they have!great!!
i got a basic turkey, american & bacon hoagie with lettuce, onion and sweet peppers. it was really good meat, the produce was all fresh and crisp annnnd the bread was perfect. 
good price for a good size hoagie stuffed to the brimI was soooo sad when Chickies closed but no longer! Antonio has reopened it with the same bread and fillings. He is nice as he can be....I bought eight veggie sandwiches to take home to Georgia with me. Just like I have been doing for twenty years. Thanks Antonio!Olde Italian is outta this world. Glad I finally gave them a shot, one of the best hoagie shops in South Philly!!Effin great.  A classic, East Coast Italian deli with fresh, good food.
Every sandwich I've had is excellent and the people are nice.
The provolone is the best.
Thanks again!Best veggie hoagie since Chick's Deli closed! If you prefer meat, the olde Italian is very delicious and I will definitely be going back to try other stuff on their menu.Excellent hoagie sandwiches and other deli items. Owner is hands on and very much involved in customer satisfaction. I am more than pleased with this gem of a deli situated just off of South Philly's 9th Street Italian market.We ordered the small tray with italian and turkey.  It's awesome!  The owner was super nice and even included the pickles and hot peppers without me asking.Delicious roast beef and pork sandwiches! Just as good as Chickies! Friendly people and great service. We'll be back!Went for the first time today & I officially have a new favorite hoagie place.  The veggie sandwich was awesome... Great bread, fresh veggies that were marinated perfectly & the best sharp provolone I've had in a long time. Staff was friendly, prices are right & the place is spotless. Congratulations on a great business. I will be back again soon!I had Chickie's Veggie Hoagie once and immediately felt it was the best sandwich Philly has.  Then it closed and I was distraught.  Don't worry, Antonio's picked up right where they left off.I've been to Antonio's 10 or so times in the past few months and the sandwiches have always been exceptional. The Old Italian is life-changing and I haven't been the same person after having one. Don't walk by without getting something or you will regret it for the rest of your life.Best Hoagies and sandwiches in the immediate area in my book.  Old Italian is excellentGreat deli and super nice staff. I live around the corner and frequent Antonio's pretty often. I've never had a hoagie I didn't like...though the veggie is definitely reigning favorite.
Making my way through the menu and just had the chance to try the crispy tomato (fried tomato, turkey, bacon, provolone, roasted peppers)...it's tremendous, and very delicious.
I have friends so jealous that I have such a great spot close by that they're thinking about moving--- it's that solid.We were devastated over the recent closure of Chickies as we were loyal customers for ten years. We were happy to see someone take a cue from Henry and tried Antonio's last weekend. The sandwiches were great! Slightly less packed then Chickies but solid fresh ingredients. We will return!Best hoagies in the city.  Small shop but super friendly. They fed me pork while I waited.  Could you ask for anything more?Recently stopped by this joint, haven't been since it was chicks.. I gotta say, it was one of the better hoagies I've had in a while. The pasta salad was also awesome. I will def be back!The best hoagie spot in Philly!  You won't be disappointed.Wow. Serious sandwiches at this place ! Ordered the Old Italian and Crispy Tomato Primos who? Antonio's is the real deal, I'll definitely be back soonChickies used to be my go to hoagie spot, and Antonio's is in Chickies old location.
Every sandwhich I have had has been amazing, Old Fashioned Italian, Crispy Tomato, Cajun Turkey w/ Pepperjack, Soppressata, they are all great.  They normally have daily specials you can order as well.  
Tony also has fresh italian pasta salad with mushrooms and artichokes and potato salad, which are both excellent.
No room to eat inside the shop, however they have tables and chairs to eat on outside if it is nice out.Best hoagie in Philly that I have tried. Italian is classic and the Olde Italian is a nice twistYes, the sandwiches are as good as everyone else says, but so is EVERYTHING else!  Cannot wait to use for a party.  Even take credit cards, which is hit or miss for this part of town but super convenient.  Delish!I live a few blocks away but never thought about trying this place simply because I already have the delis I'm loyal to, however thanks to a sign proclaiming they had Italian wedding soup when I happened to be heading home with a cold, I gave them a call and wasn't even judged for wanting a delivery 3 blocks away. The soup was so good I basically inhaled and entire quart immediately, with the giant piece of delicious seeded roll that was included. Long story short I'm pretty sure I've been cured of my cold now and I'm ready for a nap. According to my boyfriend his chicken italiano sandwich was also amazing and so we have a new go to deli.Tried these guys last week and loved it. They use Sacrone Rolls, which is a must have on any Hoagie. I had the Italian hoagie w/ everything, meat was delicious, everything was fresh and made to order. Will be ordering often.Great Italian sub.  Equal to best in New York.  Bread was a big fresh hoagie.  Full of cured Italian meats.  Special was the sharp provolone cheese, amazing flavor and very interesting served shredded.  Also have fried tomatoes, get a slice as an appetizer.  Worth a drive, small hole in the wall near Passyunk Ave, say hello to Antonio behind the counter.  Highly recommended.We had a work event where we ordered a bunch of different cut up hoagies and pasta salads and cookies from here.  We expected about 35+ people and ordered accordingly and there was SO MUCH FOOD!
I liked the bread - not soggy and it was seeded.
Very generous meat toppings. I liked the roast beef and turkey ones.
Pasta salad had a nice kick to it.
Simple salad was basic but the lettuce was fresh.This review is long overdue..........The service and food at this place are unparalleled to any other deli in the entire tri-state area. As it relates to the service, you can only expect a warm, smiling, congenial salutation from the legend himself, Antonio aka Tony. This guy is a true professional at his craft. In one visit he feed me half the menu: stuffed peppers with rice & cheese, 4 types of pasta salad, stuffed mushrooms and the infamous Fried Tomato Sandwich. Everything was too die for, but I really need to elaborate on the ingredients of my customized Fried Tomato Sandwich (minus the meat as I am vegetarian) as this was the most amazing thing I have ever tasted on a hoagie: Fresh seeded bread from Sarcone's bakery, fried breaded slices of tomato, thinly sliced pepper-jack cheese, sharp provolone, lettuce, onion, long hots, roaster peppers, seasoning, oil, vinegar and extra thick mayo. AMAZING ! AMAZING ! AMAZING ! I am craving a sandwich right now.............. 
Thank you TONY! Your food and service are the best of best and top of the top. All the way up !!!!!!! 
5 Star PLUS! Yelp needs to create a different rating scale just for you. 
Best, 
AnkitThis is seriously the best hoagies I've ever had. That crispy tomato hoagie is soooooo good. The old Italian is good as well, but you must get the crispy tomato sandwich. Perfect bread, overstuffed hoagie with bacon, turkey and fried tomato. Get it with sharp provolone and you have an amazing sandwich. I can't wait to go back and get another hoagie! They're only open until 4pm and you may need to be a little patient calling in your order, but it's totally worth it!If you used to frequent Chickies deli (same location) this is the place to go! Excellent hoagies and service. The prices are decent too. Nicely done.The crispy tomato hoagie is one of the best in the city. The anchovy hoagie is not. The tomato hoagie is huge; with delicious bread and ingredients. "Crispy " refers to the tomato, but also might as well refer to the copious amounts of bacon and the seeded roll. All in all it's a great amount of favor and brightened a bad day for me. 
I saw the anchovy hoagie on a list of unique Philly sandwiches. "Anchovy hoagie" is a misnomer, it is rather  a bell pepper and vegetable hoagie with a sprinkling of anchovies. I noticed prior to ordering it's one of the cheapest hoagies on the menu - that is why. You pretty much only taste peppers and bread. As someone who likes anchovies, the kind in here was overly salty and detracted from the taste. The bread used in this was also not as good.
Customer service was great and I'm definitely returning for the crispy tomato.Best Italian hoagie in the world. Ask for the homemade long hots! I drive 1 1/2 hours to get hoagies from Antonio'sThe hoagies at this place are perfectly made not alot of meat and really good lettuce!! Plz try these hoagies they are hands down the best in philly!!!From menu to mouth, I was not disappointed, tried the Crispy Tomato and all the flavors just bounced around the palate.  I definitely will be ordering this again.
I also had the Caprese but added chicken cutlet, well worth it too, probably trying prosciutto next time.  This was an interesting find using Yelp...  I hope this Deli continues to come up with unique tastes to put on Sarcone's bread...
Try it for yourself, you won't be disappointed either!Very good!! I got an Italian hoagie with potato salad and marinated mozzarella balls. One word - YUM! Asked for extra mayo and actually got extra mayo unlike some other places where you ask for certain additions only to go home and be disappointed when you open the sandwich - not the case here!This place is the SPOT for good chicken salad hoagies and just every hoagie. I got mine today, but the roll was toasted a bit too much, it was hard to eat because my teeth isn't so good. I'm sure it's just a mistake. But I'm trying to eat it because other than the bread it's so good lmao. I want to live near this joint, honestly. Pregnancy has me cravings things like this.Hands down one of the best hoagies in the city! It's not even up for debate here. I have been to Antonio's a few times and I always get the same thing. I love the fried tomato hoagie, every time i want to try something different but I can't. I hooked! I drive all the way from the northeast to get these sandwiches, they are that good. The owner is a nice guy, the place is immaculately clean and the aromas are unbelievable.  The have everything from soups to hoagies and it's a fantastic place. Solid 5 starsEvery now and then I shoot over to souphilly for a hoagie. Antonio's is one of the big names and I think they do a nice job. The italian hoagie is very good. It has great bread , solid meats , and the right amount of oil. I like more lettuce and tomato but still very good . Worth the trip and the cutlet sandwhiches are also greatJust found this delicious lunch spot today! Yummy and fresh sandwiches for around $10 or less. 
Look at all this goodness!!!
Note - the bread is a bit tough & chewy - I assume it's the style, it's very yummy but don't recommend if you like softer bread!I absolutely love this place! i grew up eating here since it was Chickies their traditionally subs are just as amazing now being called Antonios.Unparalleled hoagies. Philly special and chicken Fantasia are the highlights of my week. Ingredients are top notch--I hope they never change anythingWow best hoagie in Philly. I've been trying to find a good spot and this hands down is the best spot for hoagiesIf you haven't been here and you're from philadelphia then shame on you. Best sandwich spot in the city. I've never had a bad thing here, quite the opposite, it's all amazing, especially the chicken cutlet caprese hoagie!Oh wow. What an absolutely perfect Italian hoagie. 
Crispy Sarcone's roll too? Man, I'm spoiled now: every other roll is gonna taste like yoga mat in comparison. 
I just finished my hoagie five minutes before writing this and am seriously considering getting another sandwich already. I'm seeing talk of a fried green tomato sandwich? Ummm, yes. And that Chicken Fantasia sandwich.... chicken cutlet, baked eggplant, prosciutto, provolone and red sauce? Dear lord. Sign me up. 
Can't wait to go back. Mad I hadn't gotten here sooner, but happy I know about this gem now.Probably the best hoagie in town and the atmosphere reminds me of Philly in the old days. Awesome stuff.There is a reason Antonio's Deli has 5 stars .... my sandwich was AMAZING. 
I will be the first to admit no one has ever heard me say "Oh my I have a hankering for a hoagie (lol ... does anyone ever say that) and you probably won't hear me utter that phrase again but the crispy tomato hoagie has me speaking jibberish. The recipe has to be from a higher power. There is no way a mere human put this together, it is impossible. It's a hoagie on a hard seeded roll filled with FRIED TOMATOES (yes you read that right) lettuce , turkey, bacon , peppers , mayo and we opted for the sharp provolone . It a deliciously messy sandwich I totally regret offering to share with my colleague.EXCELLENT Italian hoagie. Today was my first time ever eating from Antonio's, and it was, by far, the best Italian hoagie I've ever had. I had to call to make a small change to my order, and whoever the guy was that answered the phone, was really nice.