The service here was def above and beyond. I showed up at the time of my reservation and our table wasnt ready. The manager introduced himself and offered a drink on the house for my guest and I because of the table wait. The thing was there was only at most a 3 minute wait for our table to be ready!! Service was as excellent as we were dining and made for a great experience. We were there for restaurant week so i can imagine how hectic things were but service was not compromised. The food was really good as well! I did NYE at the same Ritz 2 years ago and it was the same excellent serivce and attention to detail. Def recommending to friends and coming back!Food was either bland,  burnt or too salty.  I liked my cocktail and the service was good but food was quite lacking. For the price,  I would recommend going  elsewhere.The food was phenomenal and the venue was pretty awesome, but the service sucked.
I highly recommend the crab guacamole and the lobsta tacos. The lobsta tacos are small so you may want to order two. The NY Strip and crab mashed potatoes were really good. I would not recommend the ahi ahi - we ordered rare but it was cooked well done. The drinks were also great but took thirty minutes to come.I am a bit underwhelmed with our experience here.  We decided to visit Aqimero for Restaurant Week and we faily disappointed.  For a three course meal, they managed to mess up every course. 
1. Croquettes come in servings of 6 pieces. Two of us got the 6 piece, and the other had 4.... maybe the other 2 pieces rolled off. However, they were courteous and apologetic and brought a new platter of 6 pieces, so the lucky duck had 10 total. I was not to crazy about these... they were a bit more dense and doughy than what I am used to for croquettes. However, the chipotle-like schmear they used was very good.
2. Grilled octopus... three of us had at least 6 generous chucks of octopus tentacles.  One got gipped with only two tentacles burnt to a crisp. This one we just ignored. Beside that, the octopus salad was amazing. 
I also really liked to mushroom flatbread so I'd say the mushroom flatbread would be my go to if I were vegetarian.
3. Short ribs... everyone who had the short rib had mostly meat except for one that was at least 75% fat. This one we had to say something... and again they were generous enough to replace the meal. The flavor was good though.
The beverages are amazing.  I highly recommend the Maple Manhattan and there was another one with Bourbon and maraschino liquor (I cannot recall the name).
Given the number of errors, the management team and waiter took full accountability and I was very grateful for the compensation.I've been here a few times. I love the ambiance of this place. On the entry floor of the Ritz-Carlton hotel, Aqimero is a great meeting space or a spot for dinner.This is impossible to give an accurate rating because the bar was awesome both times this visit (and every time I've been there) and breakfast was just stupid bad service for overpriced food. 
Probably overall a 3.5 star.
Here goes...
Bar: absolutely 5 star!!
Started with cocktails here before going to dinner. 
Our bartender Stan was great and very attentive. My martini was perfect . Most Drinks and water are served in cut crystal glasses. The lobby is picturesque. We moved from the bar to a table two feet away to accommodate several others joining us. We had to cash out in between which always sucks. The Kentucky Derby was on the TV which added to the ambiance. There was an elegant wedding party at the bar as well. The second night we came for drinks after dinner. Stan made up a cocktail that was fruity and delicious. I love this bar and will be back.
Breakfast: three of us came for a business breakfast. The VIP who was paying didn't get his meal (eggs) served with ours and when it ultimately came, she forgot his toast. Never remembered. Took nothing off the bill for the long delay in good. The other guy never got his toast either. My green juice was delicious. I got the bagel with salmon and two poached eggs on the side. They served it in arugula and I loved that!All the splendor of the Ritz brand, great service, with extremely dissapointing food and mid afternoon coffee that was not freshly brewed and sitting on burner since this morning. If I wanted burnt coffee and a burger dropping grease, could have gone to a diner for a third of what I paid.Best Menu Item: Dayboat Sea Scallops (with pork belly!) Gordon Ramsey would be proud of these tender seared scallops. The sushi rice is delicious and vinegary and gives you the starch needed to make this dish filling enough for an entree. Also do yourself a favor and try the Lobster Tacos, Swordfish Dip, and Ahi Tuna Tartare!
Kudos to the Ritz Philadelphia design team for the recent stunning updates to the property. Aqimero, surrounded by enough marble to make Rome jealous, feels comfortable and classy. 
The food here is the real star. Renowned Chef Richard Sandoval created a new and exciting menu that's just familiar enough. You will find mostly seafood here (aqui), but there are plenty of other choices if you're not in the mood.
Hot Tip: Don't leave without having a mezcal cocktail. Aqimero has already amassed probably the largest collection of mezcals in the city and I was told they aren't stopping!Had an incredible meal and experience at the Ritz Carlton last night. The staff was amazing. Greeting us from the moment we pulled up to valet. The hostess who seated us with great patience, the bartenders who served us great food and cocktails and the restaurant manager who could not be any more helpful or attentive. What a great vibe. It's sexy, cool , hip and elegant. 
Let's talk food. We started with oysters, tuna sushi and mushroom flatbread. Let's just say we could not stop from smiling at the delicious tastes. The mushroom flatbread was unbelievable. The oysters clean and fresh. A salad was next. Again fresh and good. Entries were filet and seafood risotto with a side of asparagus. Again the food was fresh, tender, flavorful and delicious. Great presentation. Cocktails and desert did not disappoint. 
I would recommend this restaurant highly and will absolutely be going back again very soon.The first place I visited in Philadelphia. Delicious food and drinks. I had BBQ Sweet and Smoky Wings that were cooked and seasoned well. I also tried the quesadilla which was served with a tangy pico. It was pretty good too. Aqimero is structurally gorgeous and is reminiscent of the architecture that embodies Philadelphia design. Service was also fantastic.Great place for groups! Delicious food and drinks! Great place for happy hour that slides into a nice dinner.Can't say I was very impressed or pleased with the quality of food and service here.
During a recent first-time visit, I was given the impression by the server that the food was going to be great. The server described the swordfish dip appetizer as "absolutely delicious" which was anything but.
The organic chicken adobo was also highly-touted but was sub-par because the chicken breast portion was certainly quite dry. The steak that a fellow diner ordered was not cooked to order - not once but twice had to be sent back! I understand this is not a steak house but I expected better especially from a restaurant that's located in a grand five star hotel. Even the complimentary bread was disappointing. I also had a side order of fries, which were not better than something you'd find at a fast food eatery. The halibut entree was the only highlight as that was seared very nicely and the flavors were decent.
Pertaining to service, the experience was not much better. We were seated at a table in a questionable location as lighting was not very good and was a problem for my fellow diners that had trouble reading the menu. When asked to be relocated, I was told that other tables were booked already for a number of other groups. Lo and behold, those reservations never worked out. I couldn't even be seated one table over where the lighting was significantly better. In a dining room of about 8 tables, only 2 others were in use - one group table that was there before us, and another group that arrived shortly after. Our seating was very confounding given the availability of others. I don't believe asking to be seated else where is out of the ordinary or even asking much but apparently it is.
The ambiance is great, but that's probably more credit to the hotel and building more than the restaurant.
There's way better options on this block than Aqimero. As a matter of fact, Capital Grille is right across the street. I bet they can cook a better steak blind than the folks at Aqimero.Came here for Sips- great drinks and great prices. I didn't have the food, but it looked good. The inside is gorgeous and they have a ton of casual/cozy seating areas with couches around a coffee table for casual hanging out or actual tables if you want a dining experience.The slowest service ever.  Waited 30 minutes for a bartender and then another 15 minutes for drinks. During a convention you would think they would over staff. Rude staff, no selling and no help.Aqimero is finding its stride as a great place to dine in Philadelphia.  The food is amazing and continues to be enhanced by their innovative chef  and team.  On our most recent visit, their service was a great compliment to their food.  Meredith was our server and she was among the best ever!  She was informative, there when you needed something yet gave us space to enjoy our dinner.  She gave us the best, most detailed explanation of the origins of the cuisine.  She also made recommendations and helped us navigate the menu.  
Among their top menu items, I have found the sweet corn soup, the spicy crab guacamole and their scallops to be among the best menu items.  Drinks from their bar have never disappointed either.   
The architecture of the Ritz Carlton lobby is great for energy and the historical perspective of Philadelphia.The hotel is good, but the restaurant is a mess for breakfast. First we were told they may not have space for five. A table for four was converted to a table for five but the leaves didn't lift up appropriately, leaving an angled surface that threatened having our meals slide into our laps. $6 grapefruit juice is actually some unappealing grapefruit "drink."  Two of us were given coffee without asking for it. Food was fine; service inattentive.I don't understand those who rate this less then 5 stars. Brunch was top of the line. Unmatched flavor profiles, amazing champagne cocktails, and no pressure to leave the table. My family (including baby) spent three hours here enjoying the experience and the amazing food and drink with no pressure. They may be The Ritz, but they are sensitive to the needs and wants of the next generation.Stopped in for hot chocolate over the holiday. Beautiful space in the lobby of the Ritz. Service was awful! Food was brought out with no place settings, napkins, silverware. Hot chocolates came to the table one by one, 15 minutes apart.  While food was good, this is the Ritz after all and service should be better.We went for unlimited brunch and bubbles.  Thank god for the bubbles because the brunch was so terrible.  The Cinnamon Roll that was supposed to come with "spicy wet nuts" looked like a straight up Pillsbury cinnamon roll out of the can.  I didn't even eat mine.  There were no nuts on it.  It wasn't even hot.  The Manhattan Bagel was pretty decent.  No major complaints there.  The Egg in a Jar had so much oil swimming on top that it wasn't even edible.  Let's not even talk about the "poached egg" that was at best a hard boiled egg.  The Huevos Rancheros was passable at best.  There was no corn or ranchero sauce on it and the fried egg was sunny side up but the yolk was not runny at all.  The Lobster Avocado toast was decent but when you have it served with spicy guacamole and chili flakes, all you really taste is the spices.  The lobster was cooked pretty well though.  Nothing was hot temperature-wise, not even the coffee oddly enough.  The drinks were decent.  We had a mimosa, a Bellini, and a kir royale each.  The only complaint about the drinks is that the kir royale did not have the raspberry garnish.  I don't know that it needed it though.  And the service......where to begin.  It was awful.  The servers spent all of their time standing around the computer.  Not once did she ask how the food was.  The busboy and person that delivered our drinks provided the best service to us.  I am appalled that the Ritz has this shoddy of a restaurant under their roof.  Thankfully we had our "brunch and bubbles" cost in our bubbles because if we had been paying for the food, I'm not sure that we would have.  I will never go back and highly recommend that no one else makes the same mistake that we did in going there.There's been quite a bit of hype about Aqimero, the new "Latin-American fusion" Ritz Carlton restaurant helmed by Richard Sandoval - we finally stopped by on Friday for a celebratory quick bite after a rough week. 
The setup of the restaurant is a bit confusing - we were seated in a kind of lounge area, which had super comfy chairs, but because the chairs were so plushy, it made it somewhat awkward to reach the food on the tables! The maitre d' was one of the worst I've ever encountered - she did not tell any waiters that she had seated us, so we were not served until 20 minutes later, when a confused waiter came over and asked if we need menus / were there to eat.
The rest of the meal was very good - not outstanding, but definitely an interesting and inspired menu worth trying at least once. For us, the standout dish was the jidori chicken in adobo - the chicken was tender, perfectly spiced, and accompanied by amazing creamed corn. The spicy crab guacamole was a bit disappointing - the crab was piled incongruously atop the guacamole and was not at all spicy - as was the wild mushroom flatbread, which tasted like the flatbread found at many higher-end health-food chains. The oysters "a las brasas" were quite good, though a tad too spicy.
The drinks were excellent, albeit pricey at ~$16 per drink. Most drinks at Aqimero are mezcal-based, which I had never had before but discovered may be my new favorite liquor. We enjoyed the M&M, an intriguing smokey-sweet cocktail, and the refreshing (but very strong) tamarind fizz.
Our server was one of the best - once we were finally able to get a server. She was very attentive, very friendly and courteous, and had fantastic suggestions for drinks and food. She really went above and beyond, making up for what had initially been a very unenjoyable dining experience. 
With its posh location and really unique drinks, Aqimero comfortably fills the void of a good luxury hotel lounge / bar in the Philly. Given the high prices and strange dining setup, I don't have a burning desire to come back for dinner; however, I would definitely return for fancy drinks.Came here while staying in the hotel. The Ritz Carlton in downtown Philadelphia has a beautiful old dining room right off of Penn Square with a stunning modern bar. I chose a lovely glass of Austrian wine and the Seafood Risotto. For a meal with a moderate price point the dish came with large perfectly cooked scallops and shrimp as well as hints of lobster, crab and mussels. All served on a bed of saffron rice. Delicious!! The restaurant's focus is spanish fusion but offers great steaks and seafood dishes. Difinately a must with great atmosphere, food and service.Really nice environment. Perfect for a romantic date. Amazing food. I highly recommend. Only problem is service is a bit slow.I hadn't planned on hitting the Ritz Carlton after a brutal work week, but as my train was delayed I felt called to a familiar refuge. Imagine my surprise and at first dismay to see my tried and true classy bar had morphed into aqinero. But as the Bar Grooves-style music brought me some degree of comfort and the bartenders were just the right amount of friendly I decided to settle in and try my first mezcal-based cocktail, Gato Diablo AKA Devil Cat, much like a feline I have at home. With its rustic, earthy taste the beverage was a pleasant surprise. Next up was the sweeter pina pastor that featured pineapple and cilantro vice elderflower, ginger and egg white. As I couldn't make up my mind on the variety of seafood dishes and variety of appetizers I went with a sampler of two oysters, two cherrystone clams and four shrimp cocktail for $16. Must admit I'm not a huge oyster fan but these plump blue points won me over. But have no fear meat lovers! There are a number of steak as well as a chicken option on the well-rounded menu.Went here for Mother's Day. There was 7 of us. 2 out of 7 had their steaks cooked correctly.... either too well done or bleeding.... and these are some pricy steaks. The side dishes were edible. Don't usually like writing bad reviews if I've only been to a place once, but for being inside the Ritz Carlton, and the prices of everything, I'm so sure I won't ever go back again. Don't even get me started on the side dishes...Happy hour review:
This isn't my first Richard Sandoval experience so I went in with high hopes for well crafted drinks and decent small bites.
Went on a Wednesday during SIPS of course but wow lets start with the space. It's in the Ritz, super swanky but plays on the original structure very well with a modern twist and so does the menu.
So with SIPS a lot of the places use the sponsored liquor as the base for the happy hour special so I had one of them it was an orange mojito, I requested because everyone around me had it and it was so good! Food was great too I had their wings. 
The wings. Wow. It's was recommended to me by a regular. Thank you. I'm not sure what the sauce was on the wings but it was everything. 
It's definitely a more professional vibe. People there after work, business meetings, etc but don't get intimidated by the high class atmosphere and doorman. It's a great spot for anyone looking to take a break from dive bars and just want to find a guaranteed comfortable seat. But again, it's the Ritz, so you'll also have exceptional service from all around.Located inside the Ritz-Carlton Hotel, Aqimero is a refreshing burst of Latin American flavors. As soon as you walk into Aqimero you know it's going to be a great experience because the atmosphere is breathtaking! The open space layout is creatively segmented into intimate seating areas, some with live foliage. Classic and modern, Roman columns stand among vintage chandeliers and floor to ceiling drapery sheers.
And the food is just as great as the ambience! My boyfriend and I shared a mix of appetizers and sides that made for quite a feast. We ordered the wild mushroom flatbread, caramelized  plantains, lobster mac and cheese, grilled asparagus, roasted corn soup, and the spicy shrimp quesadilla with lobster dumpling.
We enjoyed all of our bounty - however the soup was surprisingly sweet which we hadn't expected. If you've been out to eat often you know that lobster mac and cheese has to be done right. Well I'll tell you this, Aqimero obviously knows how it's done because it was delightfully tasty. But surprise, surprise the meal frontrunner for us tonight was the grilled asparagus! It was truly delectable  with a smoked flavor that stirs up memories of your best-loved summer BBQ.
And let's not forget the wait staff. They were very attentive and accommodating. Actually, everyone from the manager to the servers was impeccable! Each time they served the table it was done as an artful presentation that held our attention and earned our awe.
This was my boyfriend's first visit and my second, we both loved our experience at Aqimero and plan to return soon!I absolutely love restaurant week! This place was my first stop. It's conveniently located just outside of City Hall inside the Ritz Carlton. The decor is beautiful. Everything on the menu was fabulous! I tried the poké, avocado salad, adobo chicken (a bit dry), skirt steak (fantastic flavor), but my favorite was dessert. I'm not usually into sweets but both the banana bread pudding and the churro waffles with ice cream were delectable. I was excited to get a pisco sour since I haven't had one since I last visited Chile, but this one was a bit too tart. The service was wonderful also. I would definitely come here again.Honestly the food is super mediocre for the price. I have never had anything here that wowed me but nothing has ever been bad either. Everything has always been cooked perfectly, but honestly expected as a minimum for this price point. The presentation has always been clean as well. 
However, credit must be considered considering how beautiful the atmosphere is. Extremely high ceiling has a different feel. I take out of town guests here to enjoy the atmosphere. 
Over all, i wouldn't come here just for the food. But if you enjoy the experience of dining its worth checking out.Came here for a work cocktail party event. My It was fantastic. Katelyn, Eddie, Jordan and Jenna made the night lovely. They had great service and kept the drinks flowing and people smiling. My only concern is that the appetizers are pretty dainty :/ I wish they were more upfront about the portions. The space was magnificent though. Loved the building architecture. The super high ceilings made the whole place feel super grand. Very cool. I would def venture back! The Spanish garden was hands down my fav drink! Great tequila based bevy so you don't need to stay with a margarita all night.Beautiful atmosphere and love the decor but the food was not up to par. Drinks were good. Burrata salad was bland. Not a fan of the skirt steak and they forgot to add mushrooms to my dish. For dessert, I had banana bread pudding but I swear it was the churro dessert. It was a tiny donut ring with cinnamon and sugar but the waitress said it was banana bread pudding. Overall, I'm confused with the food but this place would be good for happy hour or casual drinks.Wow. Service off the charts. Food is unbelievable and drinks are very creative as well. A must on your dining experience and the ambiance is amazing. By far one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. Be daring with your dinner choice.CAUTION - GAVE MY GF AND I FOOD POISONING!!!
After we ordered our cocktails on our Valentines Day Date, my GF and I waited over 15 mins to get our drinks.  During that wait, the people who came after us and sat down was served water while we had to ask for water after seeing them being served first.  
First course came.  Hamachi.  Oh but wait...the soy sauce saucers were dripping wet so so dried it off ourselves.  For a restaurant located in such a high end hotel, service is subpar thus far.  Back to the hamachi - the fish was good alone, but everything else that accompanied the dish drowns out the dish.  
Octopus was strangely sweet and tough to chew.  Could use some salt and citrus. 
Shrimp ceviche was free - thanks! We didn't order it, but the waitress came over to give it to us anyways.  Doesn't really matter because it was pretty flavorless.  
Tuna Nekkei - why served with sweet potatoes?  Doesn't make any sense and none of the flavors came together.  
The salmon we had to send back because it was extremely fishy.  In fact it was BAD! Why would you serve us spoiled fish. 
Wagyu - portion was so small.  THere was hardly any beef in our roll.  
Lobster roll flavors didn't meld together.  Tastebuds were confused. 
Overall - this place was overly ambitious with trying to be a Japanese Fusion restaurant?  I do not know how else describe it.  All I can say is that both my GF and I had food poisoning for the next few days.  I would never go back here and would not recommend it to anyone else.Something is always lacking every time I come here. Either it's impossible to find someone to seat me at a table, or the breakfast smoothie I like from here has came out tasting three different ways on three different occasions. Their breakfast omelettes are good. I love their mushroom flatbread! Would make a trip to here just for that! It's appetizer size but has the perfect amount of cheese, arugula, red onions and flavor. Oysters are just so-so. If you're coming for a quick bite don't expect anything crazy.   The menu lacks variety. Burgers are average. Lackadaisical serviceTheir lunch menu is pricey but luckily they have a lunch special where you can choose one option from the social section and one sandwich or taco and it comes with dessert. I ended up ordering the spicy tuna sushi roll and the chicken taco. The rice on the tuna roll really was sub-par and the flavor was off. There was no spice in the roll either. The chicken taco needed something else in it besides the bbq chicken and slaw... avocado maybe? Just a disappointing meal overall. The dessert was three cookies (raisin, chocolate chip, and sugar cookie) and they were OK. It's a decent amount of food for $25 but don't expect to have the best meal of your life here.Went for restaurant week. Food was ok. I've been to a lot of restaurants and this was ok, presentation was great. Beautiful restaurant but...The service was AWFUL!
Food took forever to come out. Especially the dessert. The manager came out to see if everything was ok. We told him about our wait. He did nothing. Other tables that came after us were served faster!This is an amazing new lobby bar and restaurant in the Ritz-Carlton Hotel! I enjoyed mezcal cocktails that were mixed to perfection. The city needs a high-end latin spot and I was excited to try it out during it's first week of operation. 
Aqimero is off to an excellent start. I can't wait to try to the raw bar and food menu soon. I'll be back soon.Happy Hour Review: They have a great happy hour! I went on Friday with my fiance to greet my parents since they were staying at the Ritz. He and I enjoyed happy hour for about 1.5 hours. We both got mojitos and also the chips & guac. The mojitos weren't very sweet (which I was happy about) and had plenty of lime and mint flavor. The seating area is so comfy and it was so nice to end the work week there with my fiance. I definitely will be returning to this happy hour. Crazy that I used to live 5 minutes away and I never took advantage of it!Ambience was incredible but I expected high quality food for the price and the fact this restaurant is in the lobby of The Ritz Carlton.  I ordered eggs Benedict with smoked salmon. The dish came out cold. I expected the English muffin, egg and the Hollandaise sauce to at least be warm however everything was cold.  Also, there was barely any hollandaise sauce on the dish. When I ordered some extra, I got maybe 2 teaspoons.  Super disappointed!Came here with my fiancé, to celebrate getting engaged and it was an amazing experience. The general manager heard about the engagement and came to our table to congratulate us with two glasses of champagne. And to top it off, the food and service were both great. We will be coming back very soonI selected Aqimero for a 'fancy' dinner.  Walking in, I was a bit underwhelmed as the restaurant is basically the hotel lobby!  However, I did make reservations in advance and we were promptly seated in a slightly more private area.
Aqimero describes their food as a type of Latin Fusion.  Overall, I'm not sure that is a great description, although I did see a mix of Latin and Asian influences.  Our serve took the time to describe a few of the offerings and offered to grab us drinks.  A yelp photo convinced me to order a Tamarind Fizz and it held up nicely.
We started with the Chifa ceviche and table bread.  The ceviche was a smaller portion than I imagined, but was full of Salmon.  I wouldn't say it was a unique flavor, but it was good.  The bread is probably better described as slices of pita, but with more flavor.  Unfortunately, I wasn't paying attention when it was described so need to gloss over the details here, but would call it very good, especially with the spreads that accompanied it.
For our main, we split the Pescado Zarandeado for two and a side order of Kale.  The Pescado was ok.  I was disappointed when I found numerous bones still in the fish and wasn't wowed by a portion that was supposed to be designed for two.  Still, it also came with a few plantains which I enjoyed. The kale may have been the best of the evening.  It was sauteed with murshrooms, onions, and topped with pig skin flakes.  Again, my description may not do it justice - order and enjoy.
We ended by splitting the strawberry ginger ice.  A good dessert and palate cleanser.  Service was great throughout the night, locking an overall experience in the 3.5 star range.  I'd be willing to go back to give them a chance to differenate themselves into that 4 or 5 star range.Abysmally Awful-- can't believe Aqimero gets to be at the Ritz!
We stopped by for a drink on our way to the Academy of Music this past Friday, thinking that we'd have a quiet drink in a civilized hotel bar.  Nothing could have be further from our experience-- frankly, we'd probably have had a better time at a Best Western out by the airport!  2 fairly ill-dressed greeters were lounging at the steps, blocking entry (not holding doors, btw) as we entered on Broad.  We waited 15 minutes to get a menu.  3 confused waiters kept asking us if we'd been helped (um, not yet, but we think we know what we'd like).  Finally, someone who looked like a manager apologized for the "chaos" in the empty lobby/bar area, and took our order-- gin and tonic for me, a caipirinha for my husband.  What we got was bad water and no gin for me, and a lime-y something. A bartender has to be ***seriously inept*** not to mix a decent gin and tonic.  Back it went.  Another 20 minutes before a caipirinha appeared.  Another 10 before our nuts came--after numerous apparently obligatory smiling reminders.  Since our event at the Academy was now about to start, we asked for the bill, and got one for someone's "lobster taco":  $18.  Somehow, it seemed only fair we pay for it rather than for ours which would have been $30+ for the slosh.  (So it seems incompetence actually hurts your bottom line, Aqimero!)  
It's not unusual to have bad bars around.  But why and how the RITZ could risk this mediocrity on their brand defies imagination. The experience was SOOO atrocious, we actually found it funny.  A group of amateurs who can't take an order, mix a drink, or provide a check in a mostly empty bar on Friday ca. 6pm.  Really.  At the Ritz?  Come on, guys.  Visit a Starr property to see how it's done.  Steven may have spoiled Philly, but no reason the Ritz can't at least keep up.
Oh and btw, the interior could use a real facelift:  the carpet has been around since Reagan; the chairs looks awfully Miami ca. 1980; and well, the drinks, you needn't bother... 
A real shame!Just had Christmas dinner at Aqimero with 4 family members.
We ordered cocktails and didn't receive them until after the soup was served. The Cosmopolitan was below average. 
Then we got our salads, which were served with the empty soup plates still on the table. After that, four of us received our entrees, but the waiter forgot about the fifth member in our party, and we waited a good five minutes until he brought it. Dinner was good, nothing special. The dessert station was below average. Service was poor.
For $80+/person, this dining experience was very disappointing.Wedding Anniversary dinner. Ambiance was amazing. Love that it was quiet at the time we went for dinner 9pm. Waiter and waitress very attentive. Food was ok. I wouldn't go back for the food but I would go back if I want to have a relax time with family or friends. Ordered the only non alcoholic drink they have, orange mojito, it tasted like water and sugar with a hint of mint. For dinner i ordered the filet mignon, it was over cooked a tiny bit, flavor on the steak wasn't there. I love the potatoes and the arugula salad that came with it.  My husband ordered the scallops and he said they were good. (I'm not a sea food person so didn't tried his food).  For dessert ordered the banana bread pudding which was pretty good, not overly sweet but on point.I believe this place is a bit overrated. We came during restaurant week and experienced cold food and over seasoned food (overly salty).  I realize that restaurant week is probably a busy time to visit, but we were expecting much more (better service, food, etc).  It was frustrating to find out as we sat down that it was an all or nothing deal. We both had to do the restaurant week or just order off the regular menu. 
We came back tonight because we heard happy hour was great, which I will agree, we enjoyed it a lot better than truly dining in. We enjoyed a beverage and some oysters. I believe we learned if we ever decide to come back... it will just to be around the bar.Had brunch there. Was very disappointed for a Ritz property. Service was good, food was ok and cold. Had pancakes, oatmeal, and French toast.  Sent items back. We had reservations at Parc, but decided to try something new. In hindsight should have stuck with the plan! The bar did look great. Would just go for drinks next time. The lobby area was stunning.I have not sat down at the restaurant, as I'm not a huge eater.  I have tried a number of items at the lounge.  The lounge is as beautiful and classy as it gets.  Bartenders and servers are attentive and friendly.  Drinks are great.  Shrimp/bacon tacos with a margarita was one of my favorites.  Guacamole with chips even manages to look fancy.  Happy hour is half price drinks from 4-8 pm.   I've been here at least 5 or 6 times and it is my favorite place in Philly.  When in the lounge, look at the ceiling.  I recently noticed they were playing silent black and white movies.  Such a great, great place.5 Star for the lounge manager - handled a situation for us and went above and beyond. We had a slight misunderstanding with an expensive glass of wine we were not prepared for.  The food was great and the ambiance was something out of James Bond. Thanks Eddie.I hosted an international group here during a board meeting a few weeks ago. Beautiful venue, delicious food, fabulous wine- you couldn't ask for more! Working with Alayna was fabulous. She had great suggestions and was so easy to work with. On-site, Eddie was fabulous as well, always making sure we were taken care of. We will definitely be back!Awesome experience with exceptional service. Ended up making a reservation for Aqimero during Center City Restaurant Week which was a great decision. Between the two of us we got to experience a ton of different offerings and the drinks were one of a kind. Highly recommended for a special occasion dinner or anytime you are looking to impress. They have happy hour from Monday-Friday featuring $1.50 oysters from their extensive raw bar and I've heard great things about their weekend brunch as well.Stayed at the Ritz and decided to give this place a shot. Ordered the filet - medium.  The steak seemed to be a quality piece but the charred exterior ruined the flavor for me.
I would pass on this place and walk a block or two for a better experience.Service was great. Food was good. Drinks were...eh.  interior is beautiful; expected that though as it is at the Ritz Carlton.I had dinner here Friday night with my sister and friend. The three of us really enjoyed our meals. We started with the spicy guacamole and a tuna ceviche, both excellent. Then we ordered scallops, halibut and catch of the day in mojo sauce. Everything was delicious but the standout was the striped bass in mojo sauce cooked on the woodfire grill. Dessert was just ok as others have mentioned. Service was great. We had Richard who is amazing,  friendly and knowledgeable! We'll be back for sure. You can't beat the breathtaking ambiance!Food was okay, service wasn't too good. Service was pretty late, and very slow. We ordered a few items, some were very good some were just okay pretty average compared to the price I paid. I was expecting the food and service to be excellent since the place is pretty expensive, but quality wasn't upto the mark but not bad, some dishes were really good.I expected more flavor from a latin restaurant run by a restrauntier with a background in latin food.  Don't get me wrong, what we had was very good, it just didn't have much latin flare.  The restaurant is in a striking space in the lobby of the Ritz Carlton, unfortunately it is off in a corner blocked by curtains.  We had an early dinner before a show and were one of three couples.  While I wanted to love this place, I just didn't.I just attended a luncheon $65/pp here.  It's not worth even 1/2 of that.  Butlered appetizers were just so -so.  One was shrimp on cracker, the other was something beef.  
Salad was mixed greens - very average.  This was served with burrata which was very good.
I had arctic char entre - truffle chimichurri on the side.  Fish was good - did not care for sauce.  Others at the table also did not care for the sauce.
Dessert was churro waffles with pineapple and dulce de leche ice cream.  Waffle was ok, ice cream was runny melted but tasted good.
Service was VERY poor. Lunch was well over before I got coffee, had to ask for spoons for ice cream.  Overall service was 5 out of 10.  Waaaay to expensive for a very average lunch.  Never again!Came here for brunch with a group of 15 people or so for the endless brunch and bubbles for $55. Kicked off to a rocky start. Our reservation was at 1pm and we sat at 115pm. No servers or anyone came around and our food/drink order was taken together at 130pm. We waited with no food or drink till about 2pm. Food started arriving before everyone had a drink. 
Overall the food was great, service was so-so but improved after one of our group complained/we got our first round of drinks. Manager did bring out a complimentary charcuterie board, swordfish and guacamole spread but was a bit silly considering we were at an all you can eat brunch.
Highlights: lobster avocado salad, blueberry empanadas, crab + avocado salad, fruit salad, king oyster mushroom toast, Serrano toast, crab and shrimp enchiladas.  
Lowlights: chicken in the chicken and waffles was a tad pink, bacon was too thick for my liking. We argued we should get another round of drinks after 330 caused we sat for 45 min without drinks - they refused. 
I would come back just with a smaller group.The good, the bad and the ugly
The Good:
Absolutely beautiful open room design. Sky high ceilings lined with marble pillars. The place, even though filled with people, had a very quiet atmosphere. You only hear minor chatter and soft music playing in the background. The service was exactly what you would expect from the Ritz Carlton, the best. We ordered multiple items but the best was their ceviche, and prawns. Light, refreshing, and filled with taste.
The Bad:
The menu was limited. A lot of small bites but no real meals. More of a tapas style approach even though not advertised. Oysters had little to no taste.
The Ugly:
The price for not having too many options and mediocre food was daunting. Two people: 1 app, 2 mains and two drinks $150....a little much.Food was good- I highly recommend the following: Lobster avocado toast and Crab and avocado salad.    The French toast was ok as was the chicken and waffles. The service was not up to par but we spoke to the manager afterwards and they wanted to make sure they addressed our concerns.This review is for the bar service at Aqimero - we did not have anything to eat, so I cannot comment on the quality of the food.  
My wife and I stopped in here for a night cap on Wednesday night around 9pm after attending a charity dinner.  The place was relatively quiet and although we were able to get seats at the bar right away, we sat there for at least 10-15 minutes before someone even approached us.  Finally, one of the 2 bartenders said, "Hey, you don't have drinks.  Has someone waited on you?"  We replied no, and he said, "Oh!  I must have walked by you at least 2 or 3 times already.  Sorry, I guess I should have stopped and asked before now [chuckle] ."  He was nice enough, but had the attitude of a bartender you'd see at a college bar - not what you would expect from an upscale bar inside the Ritz-Carlton. 
My wife order a glass of cabernet (The Originals) which was poured right away, but my Mezcalita Azteca took another 10 minutes because they ran out of agave nectar and were waiting for more to be brought up to the bar.  The drinks were fine, albeit grossly overpriced.  I understand that there are significant markups on wine at bars/restaurants and am generally willing to accept those, but $20 for a glass of below average wine from a bottle that only costs $12 is a bit extreme.  It took about 20 minutes to finish our drinks and during that time we did not even see the bartender until his manger came over to speak with a patron who was also dissatisfied with the slow/inattentive service that evening. (Side note:  It fittingly took about 15 minutes for the manager to arrive after the patron requested to speak with her).  After a lengthy discussion, the manager offered to comp his bill, and the patron was nice enough to suggest that the restaurant should comp our drinks as well for enduring the poor service.  Unfortunately, we had already paid our bill and just wanted to leave.
While the restaurant is a separate entity from the hotel, Aqimero needs to realize that the Ritz sets high expectations with their superior world-class service and those expectations will be projected onto the bar/restaurant even though it is not owned/operated by the Ritz.  At the current time, Aqimero is operating well below those expectations.There are actually two separate areas: the lounge and the actual restaurant. The menu of the restaurant is VERY limited. They have around eight "social plates" (to share) and only FOUR actual entrees. That's is. The menu of the lounge is actually bigger and those plates look way more delicious. We absolutely recommend that area instead, not the restaurant. The server was alright. Not very attentive, actually. 
We were expecting way more from a Ritz-Carlton restaurant. Recommended only if you don't have anywhere else to go.My Luv and I dined at Aqimero for restaurant week January 2019. I was lured by the beautiful setting. Alas the food was as terrible as the environment was lovely. This restaurant presented a pitiful menu for the event, not so much the ingredients as the execution. I had skirt steak, he had black bass. The food was prepared lovelessly as if they couldn't careless about the new clientele restaurant week would surely win other restaurants who gave a damn about what was being served. I will say not all of it was awful the banana bread pudding saved the day , otherwise I would have felt COMPLETELY CHEATED. We spent about $125 altogether with drinks.Where do I begin? This place needs help, lots of it.
I arrive for 8:30 reservations early and meet my friend who's at the bar as we wait for the last person in our party. I look towards the dining room and the lights are off. So, I walk over to the hostess stand check in and ask why the lights were off and she looks and is surprised herself and doesn't have a response to where after I am standing there she says let me ask the manager. She comes back and says it's Earth Hour in a way as if I should know what she means... I say Earth Hour??? 
She explains they dim the light for an hr and have candles. 
So, here's the problem- I say where else can I sit? She says lounge, bar has full menu, doesn't bother to walk me over or see if there was seating. She was the first of a few people encountered who just didn't give a shit. I should have left then because the bartender basically ignored us, the manager walks over and offers glow Sticks for Earth Day- wrong you all called it Earth Hour and Earth Day is in April. I say no, what I'd have liked is the lights on in the dining room to where he responds excuse me and I repeat myself.
At this point we are drinking our cocktails and ask for menus, we get handed one, really? Was it too much trouble to give us each one? We look at the menu, decided on what we wanted as again the entire staff doesn't give a shit. We were so fed up that we paid for our drinks and decided to spend our money where we knew we would get great service and food- thanks Cort at Davio's!
The kicker is when we walk out, lights are still off in Dining room and all  floor chandeler lamps in lounge are on and on the other side.
Get it together Ritz, was thinking about staying at the one in Cancun in April, not after this.The ambiance of this restaurant is amazing. It's conveniently located in the Ritz Carlton. The service was great. The menu is a little hard tO read but someone will translate are for you. I had the romaine as an appetizer, the chicken as my entreee  and  thE chocolate biscuit for dessert. The chicken was the star of the show. It was perfectly season with an amazing pairing g oof potatoes. It was lighT but very filling at tHe same time. The chocolate biscuit was also amazing. I'll definitely coem back here.Wow, this place has such horrible service!
It is hard to believe it is affiliated with the Ritz Carlton brand. 
If you want to feel invisible, this is your place... regarding food, it is just so so I. Quality. Some dishes have no sense like empanadas with beef, cheese and lobster? You can't taste either. Drinks are decent.Loved this spot for post dinner drink cocktails. The bartender was excellent and we were able to enjoy the architecture and overall ambience. I tried the clover club and had the bartender make a bee's knees which were both excellent cocktails. Also my friend tried the four roses on the rocks which was great, lots of whiskey options on the menu.The worst service ever, I went for Brunch and the options nothing to write home about. For bottomless brunch the service is beyond slow. I went with 3 guest totally wast of money ihop would have been a better option.thought we would get a warm drink.  We popped in and were immediately treated like second class citizens.  I wanted a table they forced us to sit at the bar.  I decided to order breakfast potatoes and sausage in addition to my hot chocolate an my friend's tea.  The server girl took a long time to bring the tea and she spilled my hot chocolate.  She was very nervous, she brought out the potatoes a long time before we got the sausage.  It was terrible service and timing.  Many minutes later a young man came to our rescue and brought us more potatoes and finally we got the sausage.  He was good and tried to make up for the terrible service of the young girl. We should have been given our food and drink at no charge for what we endured.  To make matters worse, on the way out, I asked the Doorman,  "is the service always this bad?"  He replied, I will get the manager to write you and email and you can eat here again for free.  Well, I never got the email from the manager.  I told the doorman I am a Google Local Guide.  I have no choice but to warn other not to expect 5 star service from Aqimero.  This was not may first experience at a Ritz so I know what to expect.  I have had much better service at McDonald's. Don't waste your time you will be sorely disappointed with the service here.Ask for Mary for great service! 
The steak and chicken skewers are amazing! Also try the swordfish dip.Wonderful food, drinks, and service! Best margarita in town! I also highly recommend the cheesecake. I went with a group of friends to happy hour to celebrate our graduation and we were very well taken care of. Happy hour prices are hard to beat too!Avoid for breakfast. Eggs overcooked Taylor ham undercooked . Coffee and food lukewarm. Only saw waitress to order and when we got up to leave. Totally unimpressed.Great atmosphere, great customer service and the manager Gabe did a excellent job making us feel at home and providing everything we needed. Went for a late light snack and turned into a all nighter. Great server as well Chloe did an excellent job with timely check upsChecked out this place for Sips and it was great! It's definitely a hotel restaurant (huge open area with lounge seating). And, the menu is pretty pricey, so I wouldn't necessarily shell out for a high-end meal. BUT, to grab some great drinks and apps for Sips, it was great!
The crowd was mature, even during sips, and the servers were all so nice. The drinks were interesting - one had activated charoal that was a little grainy (obviously) but also whitened your teeth! The other was a mojito, and was good but extremely sweet.Wow. Perfectly cooked steak, amazing service. The chef came out to greet us, and made sure everything was fantastic... have to get the charcuterie.Really good drinks and apps. Waitress was super nice and the place was comfortable with a great selection of drinks.This place is beautiful. The food is quality, but the worst was that it took 3 hours for us to finish our dinner. They were the slowest restaurant I've ever been to in my life. By the end of hour 2 they stopped refilling our waters. Just to be clear, we ordered cocktails, appetizers, and a main course. How could that take so long!? The Ritz is cool but i might not come back. Sorry.Very bad service which is funny considering we had at least three servers that were "helping" us. Our food arrived before our silverware. They told me my entree came with rice on the side but it did not. 
Chicken- just two heavily seasoned pieces of chicken. Plain plate. 
Tuna steak- good flavor but again, plain dish with a handful of greens thrown on the plate.Went on a date here recently and it was so lovely! The inside looks like a grand old bank with a huge bar area and plenty of little couch areas. We sat on one of the couches - really made you feel like you had some space to yourself! We had oysters, tuna tartare and steak skewers. A small thing, but they brought tiny bottles of hot sauce with our oysters - love when people do that! 
This is a great place for coming with dates, work colleagues, or groups of friends. Probably not great for kids or families, simply because the vibe is more adult and lounge-y.The ambiance is great but the food is not that great. When your old supervisor calls and says we must get together, the gang has to join him...
There were 5 of us that met for lunch and not one of us were pleased with our food. The fries were overly cooked, the burgers were too well done and the fish was dry. I love the building and the ambiance but was not impressed with the food. I was actually quite disappointed. 
This place definitely will go on my one and done list...Nothing beats fresh King Salmon, it puts farmed salmon to shame.  Nothing beat simple, salt pepper and grill. Nice location at the lobby restaurant at the Ritz Carlton in central philly. A bit on the pricey side, but considering the location and this fresh salmon came all the way from the west coast, I am ok with it!  Fresh Guac was a nice start!First off I'd like to say I love the ambience in this place. Second, my service was impeccable. My server Jasmin went above and beyond to make sure we had 5 star service. A truly pleasant face along with personality that this place needs to keep around. When I go back I'm definitely going to ask for her.