I initially stopped in for their happy hour.   I was quickly surprised to see what wonderful menu placed in front of me.  Fantastic Spring rolls and Aisian fried chicken, paired with a couple of glasses of Chardonnay and I was done.   
I will return very soon to experience an Entree. 
The service was great.
JamesI should have known, when they had barely few tables filled up on Friday 8:00 PM. Me and my friend ordered a vegetable spring roll for our sides and a coconut curry soup. The soup is below average and instead of vegetable spring rolls, we got chicken spring rolls. 
Called the owner and returned it. Didn't ask for replacement. The main course was just edible. Tofu and shitake mushroom were dry. Hardly I could eat it with the rice. My friend ordered pad thai, which is the only good meal out of all we had. I would never come here again.So I live close to here but never went before. I was feeling sick.last night and so checked it out so Indian have to walk far. I ordered spring rolls, soup and Thai skewers. My check was about 20 bucks.
The spring rolls were delicious. Very fresh, not too greasy and a nice size.
Soup was good. Skewers were a bit spicey, but good.
I think my big complaint for this place is that it seems like it is trying to be fancier than it is....the food is good, but I can get similiar quality in Chinatown for less. I didn't try the entrees,  but sweet and sour chk, for example,. was around 13-14 bucks.
That being said, I would go back since it is so close to my place. I would not hesitate to get the spring rolls, that's for sure. Additionally, the service was good. So no complaints there.A friend at my table realized that his water glass literally had lipstick on it. And not just a mark or small wipe, I'm talking a full on imprint of a very full bottom lip. I don't have the picture, but I will post it as soon as I can get my paws on it. The fiasco was brought to the waiters attention, who shockingly scoffed at him and proceeded brushed it off - which stunned all of us. I know that in this day in age, make-up and lipsticks are crazy - with the abilities to have X amount of hours in lasting wear, but you have to question the sanitation of this establishment if they're really serving customers on clearly used tableware.Mediocre food and bad service; very disappointed!
I meant a colleague here for lunch. I was very interested to try it considering how often I have gone by this place. She had been here in the past and recommended it.
Inside it was pretty empty. We sat outside at the only table available since the weather was really nice. We waited for what felt like a long time until the waitress ran by us. We had to flag her down a couple of times to get our order in. I ordered the crab and Singapore noodle salad, and my colleague ordered a salad and the tofu satay. My salad came out to be about the size of a half side salad with lettuce, noodles, and about 2 tablespoons worth of semi frozen crab meat. There really wasn't much to it but we had trouble getting the waitress to come back with another menu so that I could order more food. I eventually decided that I would just eat more food somewhere else. For a salad that cost $7.50 I would have expected a bit more food or something else like more veggies with it.The food was good and it came out SUPER quickly. However, my vegetarian penang curry had all of 3 cubes of tofu in it, along with a few green beens and some pieces of pepper. My bowl of brown rice wasn't full, so I went through it pretty quickly (I don't know if I've ever finished the entire bowl of rice before at an Asian restaurant) and when I asked for some more, she said it would be $2.50 (on top of my $13 vegetables and sauce). So I declined (more out of principal than anything) and was left with some green peppers and some soupy sauce. I didn't try my friend's pad thai, but it looked and smelled tasty. The flavor was very good, but it was EXTREMELY overpriced for the portion and ingredients. If they gave you your money's worth, I'd come back, but otherwise I must take my business elsewhereWaste of time money & belly space. Fucking aweful.jdhddjdjfjffjjfjfjfjfjxjdjdjdjdjdhdjdjhfjdjdjI want to give a five star review for the food because it really is delicious and fresh. Highly recommend. But don't expect them to deliver to you if you're more than 5 minutes away. Their delivery minimum is $15. I called and ordered $18 worth of food and the man told me it was too far for them to drive for so little food, despite me meeting the minimum. According to Google, it is a 9 minute drive in current traffic.  Needless to say, I cancelled my order. Huge thumbs down on the customer service.It's pretty standard fare, but excellent if you work in the area. I used to work at 16th and cherry. They are always speedy and prompt with big orders. The food is typical chinese-american fare. A little greasy. A little bland. However, it's great for if you are at work. I would not come out of my way to eat here!We love this place!  We eat there every time we're in Philadelphia. I like the mango chicken or the moo goo gai pan. My son loves the shrimp lo mein.Bland food with decent service. I had the vegetable Thai curry, the quality was okay, but it was not very flavorful. The location was nice, and helped by the fact that it is beside my hotel.As with most "fusion" restaurants they probably do some things very well... but whatever that is it's not what I ordered. Sesame noodles tasted like, well just plain noodles, impossibly bland. Gen. Tso's Chicken... wow, where to begin? HUGE chunks of shockingly dry chicken breast. Unless you have a distended jaw I defy you to eat these (publicly) with chopsticks. Totally counterintuitive serving of food that should be bite-sized. More importantly, as mentioned very very very dry chicken. Sauce would have been okay if not for the nauseating hint of fish sauce... never ever again thank you.Food ok but not my favorite place in this area. Beer and wine list pretty poor. 2 starts mainly because the price is different between the menu and the bill on some item...sorry that's a big mistake. Fix it and will update my reviewA definite fave in the area!
Things I liked:
1. Shrimp in rice wine sauce. Mellow & tasty!
2. Mango chicken (a hold-over from their 1st restaurant, Sqaure on Square)..but just as tasty!
3. Friendly owner and staff!
4. You can park at the hotel right next door and they'll validate your parking slip (at least for lunch!). Very handy as parking in that area can be rather dicey. 
Things I didn't like:
1. Again, a tad pricey!They're a bit more expensive than regular Chinese food. So I only come here when my dad takes me for lunch. But it's gooood. Their wonton soup is perfect, the dumplings not too mushy. Their spring rolls are great. And my very favorite entree is the beef chow fun. So much more flavorful, better quality meat, than anywhere else. Chow fun is not that easy to find, but every other place I've gotten it, the noodles are so mushy that they're just clumps of goo, basically. Here they're nice, actual noodles. Would eat here daily if I could.They have a new delivery person who is very nice. Try the Hunan chicken.TERRIBLE food and service! I tried an entree dish that was really salty and oily and wasn't offered a discount they claimed at the front desk, even after an employee told me about it when I walked in. Would highly recommend avoiding this overpriced and terrible restaurant. Servers were rude and didn't even give me a chance to talk.Adequate to good food. Nothing special but the service was friendly.Not gourmet, but pretty decent for what it is. A step above your run of the mill chinese takeout. I have had the shrimp  & scallops in lemongrass twice, pretty good. The one item on the menu that keeps me coming ba ck though is the harvest spring roll. So delicious, & a great portion for only $4.00. I haven't tried the sushi, & I won't because I KNOW I will be disappointed. Good place when you don't feel like cooking. Bonus: plenty of outlets to charge your phone. :)Yesterday, I had General Tso's chicken from here it was horrible!!! The chicken was chewy, iI couldn't even eat it the serving was small for costing over $10.00.  It was made with some poor looking string beans instead of broccoli, and white rice.  A true waste of money$$.It's... fine. 
Our food was tasty but nothing special in my eyes (my boyfriend liked his meal much more than I did and can't wait to come back). Service was fast and super-friendly. 
Sitting outside on the patio and people-watching on the parkway is nice, but I found the place overall a little overpriced for what it is. 
It wouldn't be my first choice for a night out, but you could certainly do worse.The Spicy Shrimp lunch special was very tasty but not spicy. Asia on the Parkway is only a rock throw from my office and offers pick up and delivery. 
They lunch price specials are, in my opinion, not "special." At least what I ordered. I came to understand the portion size is smaller but I am used to a lunch special included a soup, salad or fried roll. But not here. 
It gets pretty busy during the lunch hour, especially after 11:30AM but a step above your average chinesee spot.Green curry has good flavor. Will definitely order from here again. Current rating of 3 stars seems low for overall quality and price for food.One of the worst dining experiences I've ever had...and unfortunately right after being privy to a great concert and fireworks display at the Philadelphia Museum of Art. 
Hungry for something other than room service at the Le Meridien where we were staying, we stopped here for a bite on the fourth of July. Big mistake. We should have made a beeline for another restaurant as we noticed garbage being pelted out of the apartments directly above the restaurant onto the sidewalk in front of the restaurant, and even fireworks that were hurled at other dining patrons. After our drinks were brought to us (and sans glass for my boyfriend's Guinness) we asked to move to another table that was not within the line of fire, we were told we would have to pay for our beers and tip before moving to another table because the waitress did not cover the table that was DIRECTLY DIAGONAL from ours. The restaurant was not that empty and it seemed there were only two of them working the area. We chose to remain in our original seats and take our chances (again dismissing another red flag). My boyfriend ordered a spider roll, that was not only in the shape of a rectangle, making it a sushi cube, but consisted mainly of rice and little to no crab. My crab salad was literally lump crab from a can atop a bed of cold glass noodles on top of lettuce. Without seasoning or taste. My beef satay was made up of chunks of undercooked meat accompanied by a runny, oily peanut sauce. Although starving from a night of revelry, I couldn't stomach the tasteless food and we called it a night. The cherry on top of this disastrous sundae - our fortunes cookies, whose messages seem to have been created in the most oddball fortune cookie factory on earth. Mine read - "You would prosper in the field of wacky inventions", my boyfriend's - "You constantly struggle for self improvement - and it shows". Huh??? 
From literal start to finish, the most disappointing dinner experience for  (a) a person of Chinese descent, (b) from NY, (c) who is a foodie and indulges in all types of cuisine regularly at all price points, (d) who has just been to China and experienced real Chinese food. 
The after effects of this dining debacle were felt by both of us  the next morning as we took turns in the bathroom before commencing on our 2 hour journey back to New York. 
If I could give this place zero stars I would. Avoid this place at all costs...We had dinner here the other night because we were going to a concert at the Cathedral and wanted some place nearby. There are not a lot of good choices in that immediate area. 
I agree with some previous reviews, if your principal criteria is that you want Asian food, then head down to Chinatown, but that said...
What we got was good, but not spectacular Americanized Chinese food - Moo Shi Chicken and Singapore Mei Fun. We also got the Hot & Sour soup and Spring Rolls.   The soup was quite good, but the Spring Rolls were mediocre (I wouldn't get them again).  The mains were good, but nothing to write home about. The portions of the mains were quite large, so if we go again, we will likely get a larger appetizer and share a main.  
The service was fine, attentive without being overbearing. 
Yes, it is a bit pricey for what you get, and you would be better off in Chinatown; but for us it was just across the Parkway to the concert venue.  Given the other restaurants in the immediate area, I think the tab would be a wash.I actually like this place. I like the food. If I order Thai or Chinese food, I order from here.
Lately however they don't want to deliver. Honestly, it would take 10 minutes from their restaurant to my house.
To top it off, they have the MOST SULLEN delivery man ever. He's got to be somebody's resentful kid. 
People, get your act together. There are other Chinese places that want my money.This is a very mediocre place for expensive, not quite "Asian" food. The place doesn't seem to know what kind of "Asian" it wants to be. It tries to be a lot of things, but it ultimately falls short of expectations. You're better off finding some diner, going to whole foods, or even ordering take out over this place, unless you are staying at the hotel, then you get 30% off (but even then it's hardly worth it). 
The staff service is mediocre and unhelpful. Asking them anything about the menu and waiting for them to reply is like waiting for a cat to cough up a hairball. You wait and wait and nothing comes out, and when it finally does, boy did it take a lot of effort. Aside from sitting around, looking intimidated and refilling water, the wait staff doesn't do a whole lot.
The portions are small and unappetizing. I ordered the lamb with scallion from their "luncheon" menu. What I got as a side of white rice, 4-5 pieces of averagely-cooked and stingy portion of lamb that made up less than 25% of the entire dish. The Rest was scallions and onion (50%, with the rice being about 25% of the dish). Not very appetizing, at all especially as a $15 tag. Needless to say the dish was not filling and unfulfilling terms of taste. If you're looking for good "Asian" food I recommend you look elsewhere or get it delivered via one of the various food delivery places, like GrubHub. You'll get better value, taster, and especially better service than what you'd get there.
I would not recommend this place to anyone, except those looking for a pricey, yet average and unfulfilling "Asian" dining experience.terrible service!! if u don't want online orders, u should call customers or delete your online info!!! 
i waited for 1 hour and you told me u don't care. why you could be so rude to your customers? it's not my problem and its your problem with online apps. you don't wanna pay to apps, it's your choice not mine. 
okay, i don't care about you too and i won't come again.We went here for a quick HH on a Friday bc most other places near by were just too crowded. I'm glad we decided to give this place a try. Not the most hip or the most popular place...but we got our drinks for a great price. HH beers for $4 and 2 HH appetizers - $4 wings and $7 fried calamari. Cant beat the price and the food were delish. The calamari were tender and the sweet & sour dipping sauce was a great combo. The wings were packed w flavors...the batter was light but oh so crunchy. we will def come back again.Best Happy Hour deal this side of town.  The drink and food specials are inexpensive and pretty good too.I went by myself for an end of winter March early dinner. I ordered the Peking Duck and it might have been the best I've ever had. And....I've been in Beijing five times and dined at fancy and casual restaurants with Peking Duck. Homemade pancakes, all the accouterments, crispy skin and succulent meat. It was way too much for one person but, of course, I ate it all.
I also ordered some side dishes which were good, too. The service was outstanding although there were only about eight of us in the restaurant at this time of day. Next time I'm in town, I'll go back there; I haven't stop thinking about their Peking Duck!Snuck in before 10p closing time for dinner.
Big menu of Thai, chinese, assorted cuisines.  Went with the chum chee duck, which reminded me of Malaysia more than Thailand but was very tasty.  Tom yum soup was suitably spicy.  Shiu mai were very large and a highlight.  Somehow mango and sticky rice were not on the menu - their desserts are cheesecakes mostly.  So opted for tiramisu cake, which fit the bill.  Nothing extraordinary here but service was good, menu offered lots of variety, prices were reasonable, and we had a nice meal.I ordered room service. I was impressed with speed of service and attention to detail.  I didn't ask for plates and plastic ware but the restaurant included it.  Everything was great from the phone call to the delivery.  I will definitely order again.  The prices are compatible to the other restaurants.The food is ok, not very authentic compare to other Asian restaurant and over priced. One thing makes me never go back is that once the manager charged me $2 on paper plates and two plastic forks and spoons when I asked for take-out. This is ridiculous and funny, but I was stupid enough to check my receipt until reached home. Just be careful and remember to check your bill to make sure everything makes sense.
Update:
The other day I went there and they charged me $2 for rice! Doesn't it come from the dish I ordered? Ridiculous! They are so depressed to charge customers? I barely see customers inside, they are just trying to attract tourists. Locals won't go there! Chinatown is just half mile away.I initially stopped in for their happy hour.   I was quickly surprised to see what wonderful menu placed in front of me.  Fantastic Spring rolls and Aisian fried chicken, paired with a couple of glasses of Chardonnay and I was done.   
I will return very soon to experience an Entree. 
The service was great.I wanted a quick lunch, but I also wanted to sit outside, since it was such a nice day.  The outside seating is fun for people watching.  It took a while for us to get seats outside, but once we were seated the service was fast.  I ordered the Chicken with Basil Sauce and it included asparagus and bell peppers.  I like that's they had the option to order brown rice or white rice with my meal.Never disappointed by Asia on the parkway. The food is always so tasty and fresh! The ingredients are good quality. Hands down my favorite Asian take out place in Philly. 
I typically order shrimp lo mein and wonton soup. The potions are huge and the shrimp are always a good size as well! The wonton soup is very flavorful and doesn't taste like it's overloaded with sodium like most wonton soups. Great place for tasty and quick take out!Yes I had. All these dishes.   Shrimp in lobster sauce.  Had there. Pork ribs. Won ton soup. And. Shrimp with vegetables.  E very thing was so good. It's located on Ben franklin pky. The service was great place so clean. Everyone so friendly. And very crowded. And they have a bar.  It's nice for family and friends get together. If your in the area you should stop in you be glad you did.Food was good, atmosphere was nice, service was cool.  
We went as a family.  I don't remember a children's menu, though.  Boys shared a huge bowl of fried rice.  They are not stingy w/ the servings.I am pretty forgiving and have sampled Chinese/Asian food in many ciities and overseas. Ordered delivery found this the most inedible food I or my dining companion ever attempted to consumed. Everything had a horrid fish taste. The satay sauce was like brownish baby poo. The main course pf beef was thrown in the trash.The food here is pretty good.  Good enough that I would return if the service was better. It took a long time to receive our food; we waited 30 minutes after finishing (not receiving) our appetizer to get our main dish. We asked three times for our food. The last time the waitress asked what we ordered. Really!! When leaving we asked to split the check, the waitress asked twice which dishes belonged to what person.  There were two of us.I had this delivered to my hotel and found it generally disappointing. Not bad, but not good either. I love Chinese food so I was hoping for something more flavorful.Came in for dinner while here on business. Service was a bit slow even though they were not busy. I asked if they had sushi and was told they did, although they only had two rolls and no sushi or sashimi. I had the California roll and it was OK, lots of rice, little crab and very little avocado. Also tried the orange beef and it was also OK, I've had better at PF Chang's. Based on this meal, I would not go back.Eh. Same response from all four of us as to how the food was. Service was decent, can't complain about that. However, as many others have said, the food is overpriced for how marginal it is. We went because it was close to work and just to try it, but will probably never go back again.Food tasted pretty poor. Think old microwaved chicken. And on top of that it was pricey. 
Used an online ordering system and they told us that we should call in instead next time instead of ordering on seamless (probably because they have to pay a fee to seamless). They said it like 3 times. All three of our orders were ready by the time I walked over.
Food Quality/Taste = 2 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 2 Stars
Experience with Staff = 2 Stars
Decor = 3 StarsOne of my fav dinner place in Philly. Love the food here. Penang curry and pineapple fried rice is my std fav. I am vegetarian but my friends are crazy abt  seabass. 
It's bit pricy, but i think it's ok if you leave the place happily :)If you like generic Americanized Chinese food, then this place is for you. The chicken pad Thai was slightly greasy and had rubbery chicken. The green curry actually had a little spice, but very thick and mediocre beef. The dumplings were a little doughy.
Service was slow but it was busy due to a conference in the attached hotel. Ambiance was cheesy, dining area was clean.Ordered some 'thai' but totally doesnt taste like thai. Definitely could get a better meal somewhere else for the same price.a "pan-Asian" place but I tried two Chinese dishes, a roasted duck noodle soup which was served with Chinese broccoli for $10 (it was pretty good but did not have much in the way of seasoning, I asked for chili sauce which resolved that issue ; most of the chunks of duck in the soup were mostly bone - but that is no surprise that is why they make soup of these leftover parts, but there were some larger fleshy chunks with fatty skin layers..   I also had an order of 6 steamed vegetable dumplingsfor $6.50 - I liked the dipping sauce as it was flavorful but not sweet, I added chile sauce to some of the dumplings but they were actually quite good with the dipping sauce..  Kirin was $4 during happy hour and my second Kirin after happy hour was over was $5.50.. I found the staff to be very attentive and friendly, the restaurant seemed quite clean.  A short walk from a lot of the museums..I am sorry I didn't hear the words of the Yelpers who hated this place. This is the worst Pad Thai I have ever had. I am not one to send back food but I am halfway thinking about it and asking for something different. Only thing is now I don't have faith anything else would meet the standards of Thai or Chinese to which I have become accustomed.
Follow the advice and avoid.I had the orange peel chicken and Tom yum soup. Tastes just like mom's... Delishhhhhhhh!!!This is the kind of place that you would definitely walk by without noticing it. A couple of work colleagues and I came here for dinner one night after work. I had seen the reviews and not many photos on here so wasn't sure what to expect. First, there doesn't seem to be a specific specialty (Thai, Chinese, Japanese...) Just Asian in general. With that being said, some similar places can have very mediocre food. We ordered the shrimp dumplings to start and then the three of us split the Panang Curry with chicken and the cubed beef and green beans. The dumplings were actually very great. You can tell they were handmade. The dumpling part was sticky as it should be. The cubed beef came in this fried shoestring bowl and it was tender and delicious. I'd say cooked medium to medium rare and full of flavor. The curry was just ok. Had great flavor but there was not enough of the curry broth and lots of peppers. Chicken was good and tender. I guess it's not a bad thing that it was full of chicken and vegetables but I also prefer a good mix of both. The curry part was also a little thin. I gave this four stars instead of five only because the menu left me wanting more. What we had was very good. Also a decent crowd in there when we went - business men, couples, etc. - definitely worth the try if you're in the area.This is a staple for us - as we can take our 3 year old daughter there and the plac is never that crowded.  She likes the fried chicken dumplings and we like the Tom Kha Gai soup.  As for the regular chinese style dishes - they are good but not outstanding.
The prices are reasonable - although they did go up last time we went in.
The Shu Mai are huge with lots of meat (pork, shrimp and fake-crab) filling - but I would not get that again.
I did enjoy the chicken with sugar snap peas.Surprisingly great food! I guess I was expexting it to be boring and flavorless because of its location but it is one pf the best pad thais I have had in Philadelphia! The staff is really nice and friendly. A tad overpriced, though.Ordered through here since it was the closest to my hotel room and they had room service.  The price for the food we ordered was ridiculous. I ordered a general tsao chicken and a side of vegetable fried rice and ended up paying 22 bucks. They said the fried rice was extra $6. I didn't want to argue since I was desperate for some food. The order came quickly but the food was disappointing. Probably the worst general tsao I've ever had. My boyfriend and I couldn't bring ourselves to even finish it. Had to put extra soy sauce on the rice to make it tasty. Needlessly to say, the best thing about this place is the fast delivery but I wouldn't recommend this place.It's just okay Chinese food. It's not too far to Chinatown from here so consider continuing east on Race and get the real deal. I have always been impressed with the care they take on to-go orders, by adding a small piece of cardboard to the bottom of the bag to keep the bag flat. Pretty cool, but the food is underwhelming.BEWARE!!! I went to this restaurant 4th of July evening due to a thunderstorm in the middle of the free concert on the Parkway. The service is extremely slow but I typically don't make a big deal out of that. We ordered Beef Skewers as an appetizer before ordering our meal. When the Beef Skewers arrived there was a small roach in the sauce for the skewers. Yes, a ROACH. The manager of the store then offered to take the appetizer off the bill as if I should order something else from a place that served me a roach. Long story short I will be reporting them to the City.The Thai fried rice was flavorful with a hint of sweetness. It's also very convenient to the Embassy Suites which was perfect for my tight work schedule.I ordered two dishes for delivery. The garlic chicken was so bad that I had to throw it away. The Phad Kra Pao was atleast eatable. The food is bad, and its a waste of money.Never had orange steak.  The sauce was light enough to not overpower the meat..  Great foodI'm not much for updates - especially if nothing has changed- but a friend & I had a nice lunch at Asia on the Parkway today.
It was exactly as it always has been.  Good vegetable dumplings.  Good Tom Kha soup.
Efficient service got us outta there in time for my friend to go back to "the foim".
Also - during the snow of 2010 we ordered delivery from Asia - and it was very good - and a life saver inour snow-bound state.
SKIP the shumai.  Get the chicken or veggie dumplings instead.Unimpressed. Sorry Philly but this place does you no justice. If I could go back in time just once in my life I would use the opportunity to eat at the subway across the street instead of this place. Food: eh, Service: Slow, Price: $$$Avoid this place.  When I first arrived in Philadelphia in April 2009 for a stay at the Windsor, the first thing that greeted me at the hotel was the smell of a typical Chinese take out restaurant which you can find anywhere, (think: "Can you smell the MSG?")
One night, I wanted to be 'daring' and went in for something which could not be messed up.  I had the chicken dumplings and they were absolutely horrible.  Even with the soy sauce, they were terrible.  Then I had the chicken skewers which were a trifle more tasty but still well below any expectation of Pan-Asian cuisine.  The iced tea was old.  I was even asked if I wanted more after my first glass and I refused then saw the waitress empty the iced tea container into the sink!
The most foolish $25 I ever did spend was here.
AT YOUR OWN PALATAL RISK!This was one of my first meals in Philly. It wasn't anything special and I would not go back, though the staff were friendly and it was ready quick and pipping hot. 
All I got was the beef pad thai to go. It was basically tasteless. After squirting the provided lime on my dish and drenching it in all the soy sauce they gave me, I still was glad when I was full enough to stop eating...then chucked the rest.Came here after the marathon just for a quick meal before taking off, food was below average service was okay, not a place I'll visit again if I'm back in Philly.This is the finest Asian restaurant in the area. It has a great selection of Chinese and Thai food. We always eat here when we visit Philly. The Thai iced coffee is excellent !  I had the snow peas and water chestnuts this time and it was so tasty. I've had a different menu item every time and it's going to be a long time until I've had everything. So far, every meal has been memorable. I love this place!  The three bars on either side have subpar food, but better beer. That's the only drawback.Dine IN do NOT order out. At least if you like pad thai. I DO NOT understand why i order pad thai there and i get this lovey dish, i order take out, and i get dry noodles. I would have given 4 stars if i never ordered out...Loved it. We had an excellent first time here. Friendly, attentive, prompt service. Terrific martini along with a spider roll appetizer and two delicious entrees.  We eat lots of Asian food so we tend to be picky; we'll definitely be going back.Very good food here. Nice clean upscale looking place. Great spot for lunch with customers. All in our party of 5 were very happy.This place has the best panang chicken curry I have ever tasted.  And that's all I need to say.
Update:  my husband just ordered the shrimp panang curry ($16) and he was amazed by the portion and size of the shrimp.  He got at least 8 ENORMOUS shrimp.  He loved it.This place has the best spring rolls I've had anywhere to date. I mean they were really good. I'm not usually one to order them because it's always the same old mediocre roll at every asian restaurant  -- but these are different. I'm glad my neighbor recommended them.
They tasted really fresh with hunks of shrimp, chicken and veggies encased in a perfectly fried, very light wrapper. They're about six inches long, a good girth (heh) and you get two. For $4 this is a great and cheap lunch/snack.
The Shrimp Pad Thai was very good too but could have used a smidge more tamarind sauce. I've had better elsewhere but this item is no slouch.
The green tea ice cream is really good, too, although I doubt they make it on site. It's thick and rich.No frills American Chinese food, with some Thai  dishes tossed in as well. It's definitely just food service ingredients but for the price & portion it's acceptable. I'm not sure what people are expecting for service but when my wife and I were there it was fairly busy on top of a table of 14, our drink &  food orders were taken, beverage and food brought, water topped off, dishes cleared, desert offered, ordered and brought, while the leftovers were boxed and the check settled. No one asked us for our life story or anything, but it worked like every other restaurant I've been to does.Great spot. We were visiting Philly and wandered in and had a really nice meal. We look forward to checking out dinner next time we are in town.It is less than tasty;
Unmotivated and unfriendly stuff;
It is sad that such a great spot on Benjamin Franklin Parkway is occupied by such a poor vendor.this place doesn't serve real Singaporean food. I'm Singaporean. Please don't say "Singaporean" to be hip and trendy if you're not going to do justice to my home cuisine. BUT 3 stars instead of 2 they did deliver really quickly to the hotel Windsor Suites, right next door, way faster than expected. It's basically generic (not that authentic) Thai food. 
why isn't it Singaporean? WE LITERALLY STAYED NEXT DOOR FOR OVER TWO WEEKS and we were walking/cabbing it to Penang in Chinatown. they have much better Singaporean food.Great for delivery, they are pretty speedy. 
We had take out from Asia On the Parkway last night. They give good portion sizes. Its definitely an easy go to place for take out. If you are ordering a spicy their "spicy" Pad Thai isn't all too spicy just a heads up.I wish I could give 3.5 stars. It's good for location and they're quick for take out. I've had the pad thai, orange chicken, and beef fried rice each on separate occasions. It's just okay, I found the food to have quite a lot of oil in them (pad Thai and fried rice). Orange chicken so far has been my favorite. Only because it's near where I live I'd order from them again.I previously frequented this place when I worked right across the street.  I loved the food so when visiting the city on today, I decided to drop in.  Big mistake.  The owner or manager was rude, dismissive, and seemed bothered from the time I ordered to when I asked for condiments. Also, my chicken was not done, and my order wasn't completely correct.  Now, we have to spend more money because we are still hungry and have no interest in going back DOWNSTAIRS to this place.  Thanks for a horrible experience, Asia on the Parkway.No idea why this place is only rated 3 stars. I stopped in for lunch one day, and it was extremely busy. However, the service was great, and you get served green tea before you meal (which tasted amazing on a cold snowy day). I had the chicken and broccoli, and it was the best. Hands down my favorite Chinese restaurant in Philly, or possibly anywhere else.I had the best vegetarian dumplings I've ever had here. They seemed to be handmade, and weren't just cabbage and carrots but included tofu and mushrooms, too. The waiter also got the kitchen to make their vegetable and tofu soup with actual vegetable stock instead of chicken. Reasonable prices, too. Yay!