Stop here for hot buns all the time... the rest of the buns are a lackadaisical approach, and the bubble tea is super-sweet (but the bubbles are some of the best).
Friendly staff, three tables, and a fridge of drinks, this place is best for the hot pork buns or pork and vegetable. You can also see on the LCD TV who's making what in the back, a nice touch.TERRIBLE. My wedding was 2 Sundays ago and we ordered Red Bean Moon Cakes. We also called them the week before to confirm the red bean moon cakes. The day of my wedding we cut open the moon cakes and it was BLACK BEAN. Then the woman that owns the bakery tried to argue back with us saying that we wanted black bean. First off, they were wrong for taking our money and giving us the wrong moon cakes. Second off, what kind of customer service do they have to ARGUE back with us saying that (since my husband is Filipino) that Filipinos like black bean so she put black bean in it instead? The red bean was for our wedding to be lucky. I can't believe what she was saying to us over the phone. She even blamed us... Why? We are the customers and we weren't the ones that were wrong yet she tried to attack us saying that she wanted to put whatever she wanted in the moon cakes? Not only that, they were pricey and not worth any cent.
They tried to trick us and we were long time customers of theirs. I suggest if you are ordering from them to make sure you check what they are giving you is worth what you are paying. I am extremely disappointed and the fact that this happened on my wedding day at my tea ceremony makes me really angry.Friendly staff, great dessert buns and sponge cake. Try the coconut bun, egg tart and the pandan sponge roll.Came here right after eating an egg tart from KC next door. Turns out, their egg tarts were better! At 85 cents a tart, they were cheaper too. The custard had more flavor to it but the tart could have been better. I tried some other buns and they were pretty good and cheap as well!It's relatively spacious in here. Not crowded at all. I like that. There are three sections for the food: one for the cookies and pastries, one for the bread and baos, and,one for the cakes and rolls. A cool thing is that this bakery offers big almond cookies, which I would have assumed all Chinatown bakeries would offer. It's $2 for a large cookie. Decent deal. In addition to a self serve station is the workers who may get whatever you want, like other bakeries. The pastries are warm, and that's a plus. They also have moon cakes year round, so if you need some, get them here - they're decent.  However, I bought a pineapple bun with coconut filling ($0.80). The top was crunchy but not flaky, and the bread warm. Unfortunately, the filling was quite the bush! It wasn't as solid or sweet as they usually come, but rather... Mushy and bland. Probably one of the worse pineapple buns I've tried so far in Chinatown.Not the largest and prettiest bakery, but whenever I'm in town I always get their Pate Chaud which is a Vietnamese puff pastry with minced pork meat inside. Absolutely delicious and a must try! 
Personally I find this Asian bakery to be the best one with the largest variety. I've only ever been to this one in particular and the one next door and have skimmed others, but they never seemed to have a large variety like this place. 
I listed as a TIP, but they do have a buy 12 get 1 free promotion they always do, so if you want to try a bunch of different ones it's a good promotion to utilize. Most of their baked goods range from $.75-$2. 
The place itself isn't big, it's probably large enough to fit maybe 10 people at max, but it's a stop and grab type place, even though there are seats there for some who might want to sit and chat while munching on goodies. Otherwise, great place to quickly grab something. 
I don't know if they heat the pastries up there, because I always grab to go home and reheat later (which still tastes fine) but they aren't warm unless heated.While KC Pastries is my go-to spot for sweet pastries, Asia Bakery's savory buns are much better! Try the char siu (BBQ pork) baked buns.... MmmmM. The owners of this place are Chinese/Vietnamese and I like that there are other Vietnamese bakery selections as well. If you haven't tried it, try the "Pate So" pastry, which is a crusty pastry with ground pork inside. Also, their Cafe Sua Da (Vietnamese Iced Coffee) is awesome and cheap. :)Banh Bao FTW!!!
Also, I'm usually not a fan of taro and durian (esp the latter), but their birthday cakes always win me over!I gave 5 stars based solely on their fried sesame balls. They are HUGE, delicious, and very inexpensive. When I went it was 2 for a dollar, but be sure you eat them within 2 days, they'll harden pretty fast.The review is for chocolate and cheese bread. I asked for it to the staff and she picked it up for me. It turned out the bread is dry and stale. The combination of chocolate and chese is great, though, although I wish the filling is more in it.My parents have an insatiable obsession with Chinese bakeries and they keep mental notes of the bakeries' comparability to the less-than mediocre ones in Chicago. Therefore my typical souvenirs from domestic travels are pineapple buns, wife cake, barbecue pork bun, cocktail buns, etc. Cheap and fulfilling! 
With Asia bakery, I bought a few wife cakes which are individually packed and a little more than 3 inches in diameter. They are dense but soft. The exterior crust is also pleasantly flaky. My major dislike is their strong application of banana oil or perhaps it's vanilla extract paired with winter melon that makes it smell like banana? I can't be certain. I also bought a few paper-wrapped sponge cake which were very soft and moist.I worked at the Aramark building a few blocks from here in 2002 and my boss brought me the most amazing pork buns.  I was absolutely in love with the sweet flavors of the roll with the pork and onion filling.  I believe a relative of my boss worked here, but this became a weekly lunch of mine.  The price went up, but I'd pay just about anything for these.  I still buy a box whenever I can.  I've had the chicken buns too, but nothing compares to the pork.  
The staff have always been so friendly and accommodating, especially when I would try to explain what I want.  After fifteen years, these are still just as great as the first time I ate them.The deserts at the Asia Bakery are very authentic. Serving sizes here are generous for the bottom dollar prices the pastries are marked at. The employees are fast moving but give great recommendations. I ended up with some sweet bread roll filled with a fruity bean paste, and it was delicious. The woman who helped me also threw in a second pastry for no extra charge which definitely resulted in a positive experience!Whatever they put inside those white savory buns, it cracked and broke my back molar tooth!!!!!!!!!!    I swear I'll never go there again!  When I appraoched them the next day they said they wanted to see the evidence and that they have insurance.Amongst the many signs and storefronts in Philly's Chinatown is this little shop. lots of choices to choose from in regards to buns, and even a few other quick snacks. We ordered a few baked Roast Pork Buns and a few fried shrimp dumplings.
The buns were luke warm and the dumplings were certainly oily and on the cooler side.
It was a good experience, one of the ladies even noticed that I had dropped some of my money on the floor.This place is one of my favorite bakeries in Chinatown. 
First off I love their pork buns. It actually have real pork in it! You gotta try it. Second, I love their almond cookies. Idk if its homemade, but it sure looks and taste like it is. My brother likes their custard buns and egg tarts, he says it has the right amount of sweetness.My mom comes here all the time, so this place must've done something right by her. We usually get vietnamese sandwiches (which do vary in spiciness and ingredient proportions sometimes) and sesame balls (a bit greasy). Good food at a pretty cheap price.This review is ONLY for the bubble tea.  It was one of the best in the bubble tea taste test (aka birthday extravaganza) I just went on.  It seemed to be made from real tea and was very milky and pretty sweet.  Not the sweetest in the bunch, but a close second.  Overall, it was tied for 1st place in my book (and about .50 less than the other front runner).  Yeah!!!!  Very excited to have found a great bubble tea place right off of 10th :).At times it can be rough trying to narrow down which Asian bakery offers both the best price and quality, especially when they are all bunched up together like peas in a pod in Chinatown. Likewise, I am telling you guys, if you want to save all the time and effort of having to go into each and every bakery, don't. 
The owner at Asia Bakery basically treats all her guests like they're her "usual local" customers. or like your Aunt (assuming your Aunt is a nice woman). Also, the price is relatively generous for the size of each baked good. 
Most of the other Asian bakeries in the area weren't so welcoming and the baked goods don't seem all too fresh, actually seems like they've been sitting on the shelves for at least a a day or two. Made the mistake of buying from Asia Bakery's next door competitors and found mold on most of the baked goods immediately following the next day in the morning.
Can pretty much guarantee that you will be more than satisfied with Asia Bakery and their services and goods! Been coming to Asia Bakery every time I'm in Philadelphia since I found it.This is bakery definitely does not have the shiny, bright or trendy you'd style you may expect from the typical Asian/Korean bakery. It's almost the reverse.... cramped, a bit dark, and the bread and pastry selections are lighted under a bland neon light. The signs of each bread are not clear or even misplaced (better off asking the baker lady what each tray has). She will stand there in between baking and help you decipher the selection and tell you the price. When you're done with your selection, she transforms into a human calculator and tallies up your order in her head (it's correct though). The store ambience even pales in comparison to KC Bakery a couple of doors down.
Don't let all these fool you. They serve very good bread, ESPECIALLY the pastries (beef/chicken/pork puffs). These puffs are heavenly, crunchy with perfect fillings inside, and the crumbles even have a tinge of sweetness in them. I am nuts about bakeries, especially when visiting those in Philly Chinatown, but these puffs are the best! The curry beef bread as well as their raisin buns are also superb specimens. Will try other selections next time I pass by this hidden gem of a bakery.My family and I have been coming here for years. They speak the same dialect of chinese as me, and whenever they see me they shout, "HI MUE!" ( it means little sister) the baked goods are what I live for in chinatown. Sweet but not overpowering. They make the BEST sah siu bao (bbq pork buns) in the city.This is my favorite bakery in Chinatown! It's tinier and a bit more run down then other places, but the pastries are amazing! The coconut tarts are a must have!! They are oozing with coconut filling, not overly sweet, and if you're lucky, you can get a hot one on the weekend. The butterfly pastry is also flaky and delicious!My mom gets the pork buns from here.  These are seriously the best! They're generous with the amount of meat they put in it and its so sweet and salty. Yum!  We usually get 2 dozen at a time - freeze 12 and put the other 12 in the fridge for snacks.  I'm not sure what they're called though because these are different from the white, streamed pork buns... Both are great though!
My dad also loves the raspberry Danish.  And, I'm really hoping to get a beautiful cake from here for my birthday!!! (Will update in a week or so!)I have finally found my favorite baked cha siu bao (pork buns) in Phila Chinatown.   The owner, when around, is so sweet, too.  
These baos have legit meat in them (not too much fat cubes) with the right mix of sweet and savory with a hint more minced onion than other places.  So good.I ordered a durian fruit cake for my birthday party. IT WAS AMAZING. The cake was super soft and fluffy. The durian was fragrant and soft (lots of shops sell me hard durian). Fruit was fresh and a bit sour to balance out the taste of sugar. 
The cake itself was had very little sugar! Just what we wanted. 
I'm so happy with it. It's $25 for 8" of heaven.One of my fav asian bakeries. Egg custard is great but my all time face is the sticky rice in a rice flour steamed to perfection. This is a pastry piece you can eat tons of. I have also bought tons of BBQ buns, curry buns, banh Bao, and so forth... No complaints in the pastry section.
The coffee here is ok. Needs more sugar. They also make rice porridge. Pretty good for breakfast. These items are all to go. The space is ok and a typical asian bakery but they make some of the best buns you can get. 
The ladies in here are funny. Girl, what do you like? Lol. Meaning what kinda pastries do you want? Lol. Very nice ladies. I love it when they call me pretty in Chinese or Vietnamese. Makes me feel like a special customer. Lol. I enjoy the small compliments while picking-out my buns.
Must try if your in Chinatown and in need of to go items for a road trip or mornings on a run.I'm sorry, but this place is a hit or miss for me. I stopped by here before and got my favorite pineapple bun with cream inside and I felt that the bun was flaky and the texture was off. I also tried the pork buns and while the inside was good, I thought the bun was flaky too. The only good I found here is the egg tart, but it is just okay, nothing phenomenal. Their warm milk tea does taste good and authentic like I can find in China, except it was a tad bit sweet for me. I don't know if they just don't like me or what.. but I prefer KC's pastries down the street. I also don't like how they have to pick the buns for you. I just feel like they rush me every time so they can take my money faster.This review is primarily for the durian cake.  
Parking: limited street parking and they will ticket you. 
The bakery is small and didn't seem to have too many varieties of baked goods. Although, we didn't arrive until after 4 pm and they close at 7 pm on Saturday so maybe that's why they didn't have much left.  Looked around and didn't see anything that I wanted to try so we opted to just pick up the durian cake we preordered the day before. 
The durian cake: 
- 3 layers of sponge cake (a bit more dense than the fluffy sponge cake at most asian bakeries but I think it has to be that way for a multi layer cake or the cake will collapse)
- 1 layer of whipped cream
- 1 layer of real durian filling (my favorite part of the cake)
- topped with more whipped cream and fruits (beware of the fruits, the strawberries didn't look so good and I actually saw moldy strawberries in the glass displayed case).
I didn't really care for the whipped cream as it was bland and it's only there to decorate the cake but not for flavor. I enjoyed the cake and durian filling. I plan to order the cake roll next time with just cake and durian filling if they make that and just skip the old fruits and bland whipped cream.  With that said, even though I wasn't completely satisfied with everything about the cake, I am really glad that I found a place that make durian cake with a good amount of durian.This is a great bakery to stop by. The buns all look really fresh. Many are wrapped in plastic for easy transportation. The lady at the counter was rather friendly as well. I ordered a cream bun which was pleasantly less cream-saturated than usual. It was also dusted with coconut, which seemed like a nice touch. The one thing that is bad about this place is that it has far less seating than its competitors. So, while it wouldn't be the first place I would go to sit and eat, for the times when I just need a bun on the run, this is a decent place. One odd thing about the place is that many prices aren't posted. However, the prices seem to be in line with Chinatown norms.I always come here for the yin-yang (coffee and tea combined) iced drink --- no one else makes it as good they do. These ladies are so quick to help and always very friendly. They always ask if I want something to eat even though I come fo drinks and vice versa; never fail to take care of their customers. I used to come here regularly and once I short some change but they let me off. I appreciated that a lot and came back to pay them back eventually.
Their baked goods are good too! I usually stick to my favorites -- hot dog buns, egg tarts, etc. but they have a large variety of things that I haven't been adventurous enough to try. Definitely will update if I do !Love this place, for Some of best Chinese/Asian Pastries. If you get dozen, usually give you one or 2 for free. Their Steamed pork buns, to small custard tarts, my favorite Gai me Boi. It's a baked bun, with coconut paste or coconut consistency inside.They make theirs -great!! 
I usually get them have one for breakfast at work. The staff is great,Regularly go there, so they are pleasant. they are located on left, same st as Arch is.Came in looking for pandan buns like I had in Bangkok, but couldn't find them here or anywhere else in Chinatown. Still, they had pandan cake, and one of the ladies behind the counter recommended another pandan product (like a jelly cookie) that turned out to be quite good. Very friendly and helpful staff! Will be back next time we're in town for a durian roll!I really like this place - their steam buns, mainly. (Having said that, this morning I had the red bean & it was flavorless...The bread saved it.)
Hate going on like this but I also WASN'T nuts about the hot dog, I ate here for breakfast, cause it NEEDED mustard & they didn't have any (guess that's an American thing?). I used soy sauce,they provided after I requested it, in its stead. Unfortunately it didn't improve it much. Item is so cheap, ($1.10!!!!) i shouldn't be kvetching, really, I suppose...?Review is only for Birthday/custom cakes. 
I really think that Asia bakery used to have great cakes. However, they are now always a hit or miss. Either the cake feels like they baked it the day of or that it's been sitting there for a day.. or two. And maybe if you rushed in to buy a last minute cake, then you may have expected the cake to taste old. But our cakes were always custom ordered, and still always a gamble. Sometimes it'll taste super dry and like cardboard, sometimes it'll taste heavy and dense, or sometimes it'll taste like the light, fluffy cake it's supposed to be. But I'd rather pay a little more for consistency at Saint Honore's than gamble and play cake roulette with Asia.Asia bakery is my go to place for buns and pastries--just not their cakes. I ordered a cake from Asia bakery a while ago for my dad and the presentation was beautiful! I ordered a 11 inch cake with fresh fruit filling (the day of pickup). The only problem I had was that the icing wasn't sweet at all and so was the sponge cake. The fruit wasn't sweet either, so the entire cake was lacking sugar or some sort of sweetness. Once in a while I find egg shells in the cakes and it's very disappointing. 
   Other than that, their pork buns, egg tarts and taro buns would have to be my all time favorite.Love this place. Pastries are delicious and fresh daily. The ladies here are friendly and amazing. Show me everywhere to go for the best bites.Since I live 2 hrs away from Chinatown. I ordered 3 durian cakes from this bakery. Just cut them open, they are not durian cakes at all, but just the plain cakes. I contacted the bakery & they admitted their mistake. They will reimburse me the price difference the next time I an there. I am totally disappointed of their mistakes. I feel like they should refund me 100% for my trouble. Just a warning...double check your cake order.I don't know about any of their other items on the menu, but it seems I'll have to stop by for some of their savory items and throw in some sweet ones as well judging by the other reviews.
My family has come here for their durian birthday cakes for years. We swear by it, live by it, and uhh eat by it. Lol if you're a fan of durian(and my whole family is), the durian cake will not disappoint. They bake their cakes fresh, and they use real durian that is slightly blended, but more so mixed with a bit of white sugar. What you get is chunky durian that you can still bite into and feel like you're eating from the fruit, layered inside of a soft, light, and fluffy sponge cake that is the epitome of Chinese cakes. I have durian cake for my birthday every year, ever since I was born, and will probably continue to do so until the day I die lol. Durian FTW!
For those who don't know, durian is a fruit encased in a shell that looks like a spiky weapon. Heavens forbid you ever find yourself sleeping under a durian tree, with ripe durian. Anyways, if you can get over the smell(which I've heard smells like stink socks, cat pee/poop, gasoline etc etc.) you will be golden, because durian is known as the king of fruits. The fruit itself is like sweet cream encased in a very thin covering, and it's slightly stringy. People who can't stand durian don't know what they're missing, but it's always fun to watch those videos as foreigners take on the challenge of trying it.This is the only bakery I come to buy my birthday cakes!!  They have the best and freshest cakes and its a reasonable price.  Also the cakes are not overly sweet which I like. 
The pasteries are great also!  The egg tarts are the best in the city!  They usually run out by the time I get down there in the evening times, but usually there is a couple left hidden somewhere lol.  Besides the tarts, I always get the Gai Mei Bow, its a bun with conconut paste filling inside.
Great place for bakery and cheap too!
Happy Eatings!!Recently I've been an early bird because of work. I was very happy to have found the 4 season food court in Chestnut but sometimes I crave more Asian-oriented eatery like Asia Bakery.  
The store itself is small but does offer a couple seatings for dine-in. It was early in the morning and the minute I walked in, I can smell all the fresh bakeries being brought out. I was overwhelmed with what to order since there were so many choices. Luckily, the owner, miss Kim was there to help. She not only recommended the best pastries based on my references but was so happy and energetic, she made my morning.
I got a roast pork bun, beef bun, fried meat dumplings, and a fried meat dough. The roast pork bun was hands down the best I've had in Chinatown! Maybe it was because I was really early and the bread just got baked fresh. The dough was soft and pillow-y. The meat was sweet and fresh and steaming with flavors. Their meat dumpling was equally delicious, tasting like an egg roll in dumpling form. The beef bun shared the same pastry with different filling. The beef filling also had some corn in it, making it sweet and texture-ly unique. 
I could go on about how each item was amazing but it would take a few pages. 
This is probably one of the most underrated bakeries in the city. If you are an early bird in Chinatown, do not miss this place, come in and try all their items. Make sure you ask the owner for recommendations, especially on the savory pastries, they were absolutely delicious! Highly recommended! Oh and pricing was dirt cheap, they might as well have given away the food, an amazing bargain!With so many bakeries to choose from in Chinatown, one has to be extra careful in selecting one 'favorite bakery.' In my opinion, Asian Bakery, despite its generic name, makes the best eggy, puffy cake that's posted in the video. Unlike the other bakeries, I think these mini cakes have the perfect blend of subtle sweetness and eggy delight, making every bite feel like a bite of a dense cloud. I will say that the consistency changes from time to time, but most of the time, it's the best in Chinatown. I've tried some of the other cakey desserts, but there's a bunch of other options, all of which are within competitive rates.Forget all the bubbles, the thick plastic straws, and the high tech cup sealer. This place makes iced milk tea old school, and does it right. I've been here for almost 20 years now and the same lady still runs the shop, although the location has changed once. 
As for baked goods, it's hit or miss, depending on the moisture of the treats. My favorites are egg tarts, bbq bun, and curry pastry. 
You can't beat the price or service here!gross, they picked up the bakery from the floor and resell to other customer when they weren't aware of.. also one more time we bought the cake and next day already got mold in it.. its not about money but your health is at stake..In my initial review I neglected mentioning "bottom end" of this establishment 's steam buns have some sort of paper that's ALWAYS a pain to remove! Having gotten steam buns elsewhere I'm aware that they ALWAYS have these "casings" (whatever they're called). I'm highlighting this issue, only, because when I've gotten them from other place the paper was easier to remove, usually. In light of above if you get bait  from here microwave or steam them first and then they should be wieldier (latter's a word! I just looked it up) to tackle!  Steam buns are better warm, anyway!
*I didn't alter (decrease)my rating as despite this "glitch " I really enjoyed my recent baozi purchase (got 3). They seemed slightly better, actually, than initial one.Whenever I'm in Philly I have to stop here to get my mom the steamed pork buns. She absolutely loves them. They also give us the option to get the cold ones because they know that we are traveling pretty far with them. We always order at least 20 if not more. On this last trip we actually brought home 80. The lady said in the future we should just  call ahead so she can have it all ready. The buns are huge and packed with meat, eggs and I think some other stuff. We also bought some pate chaud to try. It's a decent size bakery and they carry kinds other pastries and baked goods but that's basically all I come there for. Unlike other Asian bakeries when you make large orders some give you a couple things free on top of what you buy that hasn't happened here. The only reason I keep coming back is because my mom likes the buns here. I'm too iffy to try another bakery and her not like them after driving so far to get them.Their pastries are reasonable prices. Especially their egg tart is super good. Can't go wrong that if you go there. We usually order a birthday there as well. Their durian birthday cake is the best in whole Chinatown. It can be a little pricy but they make it really well. The cake is really moist, fluffy, and light. The icing is not too sweet which balance well with the cake. The durian they use is not cheap durians. It's actually good quality durian. Close enough to Musang Durian if you know how that taste.The banh bo (steamed rice cake) here is bomb! The fluffy texture is so unique. The best part is it's only 50 cents! That's right my friends, only 50 pennies for the best banh bo in Philly. I also like the taro bun here too. It's made with real taro, not that weird purple paste crap. 
Highly recommend for your bakery needs!I was pleasantly surprised at this little inconspicuous whop along 10th. Wanted to grab a few things from different bakeries in the area and was excited to get a mix of what Chinatown had to offer. The rain kept a little made it fairly easy to get in and out quickly but was pleased with the service provided and general advice given while stumbling though what was available. The lady manning the register placed a call on hold even to help me which was greatly appreciated. I only picked up a pineapple bread which in retrospect due to how tasty it was made me wish I would have grabbed a few other things. The dough was flavorful and stuffed with a bid of pineapple mix in the center. Overall the price point for the general area wasn't too bad either and the quality was great bang for the buck.Affordable and the milk cake is absolutely delicious. Prices are very affordable. Service is great! Products are always fresh.The Durian cake hands down!! Ordered it in the morning for a birthday and it was down within 20 minutes/same day. The lady that picks up the phone is extra nice and friendly. Must try and very delicious!!!!Great egg tarts can be found here! A family owned establishment with awesome service. Great place to drop by and grab a snack or two (or three).I really didn't like this bakery, and that's saying a lot. There's just something about the way the meat is marinating that it tastes unappetizing. I'm not sure the flavor but my typical pork/Chinese sausage/egg steamed bun here just didn't hit the spot. I wish I could support and give more stars, but it just didn't work out.I had high hopes here, but unfortunately I've had much better Chinese baked goods elsewhere. The pork bun was pretty light on the pork and overall not that flavorful. The red bean cake was also quite bland and not as sweet or tasty as ones I've had before. I'd advise trying a different bakery in Chinatown.Little shop on 10th street that I've been going to get my char sui buns and avocado smoothie since I've moved to Philly. I used to come here pretty often, the woman knows me now.. The baked goods aren't really any different than other places but they do have more savory buns than sweet ones. Go to one of the other bakeries, like KC's, for sweet pastries. The avocado smoothie is the only drink I get here and it's usually very fresh and on point. Once, they ran out of avocados so the lady asked me to wait for her. She actually ran to the market at the end of the block to buy an avocado to make the smoothie for me. I only realized what she was doing when she got back, otherwise wouldn't have made her go do that...   Many other places don't have this. I've had it at a couple of other places and they were watery. Pho Cali across the street also has avocado smoothies that are pretty good. I think they are the same owners?Great portion and great price. Their buns and milk teas are delicious. They have so many different buns and desserts that other bakeries don't have. Highly recommend.Dark. Grungy. Gritty. Small. No seating. No ambiance whatsoever. Nothing but glorious old fashioned Chinese pastries at a low price, quite competitive with similar bakeries in Chinatown here!
This type of bakery is nothing innovative, don't come here for anything "trendy", and it's strictly take-out. However I have a love for old-fashioned Chinese sweet buns. Pineapple buns, coconut buns, pork buns, you name it. We visited during the evening towards the end of business hours. The older lady working there spoke Vietnamese with her fellow staff, so we chimed in and had a conversation with her. This may or may not have contributed to her throwing in some extra free pastries because they were going to be trash anyway at the end of the day - who knows - but it was  welcome addition. The buns, despite being left out for hours, were still filling and delicious as always. Highly recommend this place!Asia Bakery has been my go-to for steamed big buns (dai bao) for years - I seriously don't think that any of the other bakeries in Chinatown make these. Their hot milk tea is also my favorite, and they make Vietnamese iced coffee too (cafe sua da). There are only a handful of buns from here that I haven't tried, but you can't really go wrong.
Buns are cheap, service is friendly and quick. The woman who owns the bakery has been running the place for over 20 years (albeit in a newer location), so she must be doing something right!I love coming up to Philadelphia Chinatown since the one in DC is essentially non-existent. This bakery has a great selection of buns and its hard to leave without a dozen things. Most are about a dollar each, so its pretty cheap too. Pork, pineapple, coconut cream, bacon/scallion, and meat pies were all great.5/29/20-They are officially open today! Was craving their egg tarts and sponge cake which didn't disappoint! Definitely my go to spot! Owner is great!After a traumatizing experience at Mong Kok (refer to my Mong Kok review) I was looking for a new bakery in Chinatown ... literally walking back and forth on the streets ... and low and behold I run into Asia Bakery.
I was really craving Egg Tarts and Custard Buns and they had it! The two women at the counter helped my find the things I needed and were super hospitable. When I got home and was able to share them with my partner both the Egg Tarts and Custard Buns were delicious but not too overly sweet which I appreciated. Usually some custard buns are pipied with sugar but Asia Bakery's was not -- thank God.
When in CT, get your baked goods from here! Buns galore!Package of 6 buns cost almost $20. It was good, but expensive. I noticed that their buns came from Asia BakeryNothing like these fresh buns in the morning and only a dollar or three! so amazingly delicious, especially after a long night of work, or play. Definitely love them and this spot has stayed consistent over the years! Favorite is the combination bun, fluffy outside and juicy meaty inside and an egg for extra protein!When I'm craving for Asian pastries, this has always been my go to place! I would leave earlier just to get downtown for some delicious egg tarts before heading to work! So worth the 45 min drive!! Other yummy items include the sticky rice wrapped in a bun, pineapple bun and the coffee and tea mix!Came here in the afternoon on Christmas day and it was pretty popping! There were quite a few people in the store and the ladies at the counter were shouting "next!" and "can I help you?" at the people coming in. 
The store was stocked even though it was late in the afternoon. They had a lot of cake slices, roll cakes, and the classic stuff like baked buns, sesame balls. They also had some banh mi (filled with carrots, cilantro and probably some meat) on the cashier's counter too, which was cool but seemed out of place at a bakery like this but ‍
I got a slice of cake labeled "almond cake". I'd give it a 4/5, the cake was moist and the icing was light and not overly sweet but the icing did not taste fresh. It had a slight taste that made it seem premade from a factory. Also, I didn't taste any almond flavor. But that's okay, the cake was still pretty good. 
To be honest, I'd give this a place a 5/5 if it weren't for all the cashier ladies shouting and stressing me out while I'm tryna figure out what I want LOL But that's the real asian bakery experience I guess
Would def come here again. Don't forget to bring cash! (Most asian bakeries in Chinatown are cash only / they strongly prefer cash)We have been going to this place for the past 20 years because their pork buns are the best. We tried other places but the others fall short. And when we go, we always order a lot to take home for the family. It was always cash only but now accept credit cards if you spend over $10 or you will have to pay an additional fee. The same lady who helped us with our order also gave us our total of $53. She also processed the payment. It is my fault that I did not look at the slip before signing, but we never had a problem there. She charged us $60. It was Chinese New Year. She knew exactly what she did. According to their own customs and beliefs, I hope she gets what she deserves.This place is great for buns but so random with their pricing. I've been coming here for years but recently they charged me $20 for a baker's dozen (13). I was here a week or so before and it was about $16...I didn't order any steamed buns just 3 pineapples, 5 char SIU and 5 ham and egg. Averaging about $1.66/each. I chopped it up to price increase but I doubt that since KC is still averaging 1.25/ea.I like this place for their reasonable prices, and excellent choice in buns. They have a great selection of steamed buns, which I'm not exactly sure where else to get them from. LOVE their "big bun" (dai bao). Also -- the staff is incredibly friendly!Fellow yelpers, I will begin my review with this: Today, 3/9/19, my friends and I did "The Egg Tart Challenge". This was Bakery stop #5 of 7.
Asia Bakery looked like a bread store! This had the most bread of any other place we went to. I would love to make french toast with a loaf of that yummy goodness! So definitely plan on taking home a loaf!
Staff was friendly and ready to serve (definitely a language barrier though), as there weren't many other people inside. The bakery is just a square with some stools at a hightop counter against one wall- and a large mirror to watch yourself chow down on some asian grub.
The Egg Tart ($1.00) was different than any other thus far- the crust was so thick like Cake! I loved it!! It tasted like rice pudding- like a thick dense vanilla pudding- like flan! Super dense and less egg-y. Resembled an Italian dessert! Served room temp.
We also got their version of Pork Pie (but we got plain pork pie this time)! It was a croissant with a great flavored pork inside. The ratio was off (again) and I would have wanted it served warm, but it was super delicious. Definitely something to try.
Thank you Asia Bakery!