Y'all! When I say this place is good I mean this place is fiiiiiiiiire. I got the goat bowl and let me tell you, the naan was soft like a pillow and when I was at my spinning class hours after, I was thinking of the curry goat. 
Y'all are missing out if you go elsewhere, brb I'm gonna see if they're on grubhub nowA real find! Open just 2 weeks, had chana masala (vegan), with a drink (non alcoholic) less than $10. I was delighted - a huge plate of food with complimentary (very good) naan, perfectly balanced spices, friendly staff. I am quite pleased with the place!First time here. The food was delicious and the owner and his son are very kind and Friendly. I ordered the Briyani with a side of Garlic Naan.   The Portion was huge and the taste was delicious!!  I can't wait to go back and try the samosas.I just discovered Ateethi today. Yay! A new Indian restaurant here in Rittenhouse in what was a juice bar. Good inexpensive Indian eateries are needed here. I wasn't disappointed. I had the chicken tikka masala bowl which consisted of sizable chunks of chicken, rice, 4 pieces of naan, & a tiny salad consisting of mainly tomatoes & onion. I could taste the sauce just by smelling it. It was that aromatic & flavorful. And with a soda just $10.80. The owners are very nice. They let me in a little early while they were still closed. I saw later that they are closed between 3:00pm & 4:00pm, between lunch & dinner. 
Ateethi means "guest." I intend to be that at this place again. You'll want to be too.Quaint location with great service and hospitality. The food was deeply flavorful and filling. Would definitely recommend the bowls. The lamb was tender and of good quality. The naan was crispy and chewy. Definitely adding this to my go-to list!My boyfriend and I came here and ordered the dosa and it was so good! Tasted homemade and healthy. Definitely recommending this place to my family and friends.We tried Ateethi after hearing good reviews. The prices and portions are generous, but the food is lacking in comparison with our favorite places. Better to go to or order from Indian Restaurant or Amma's!
Spinach Masala Dosa- thick crepe and sambar lacked flavor
Samosas- perfectly fried and good coconut chutney but curious neon green chutney
Chicken tikka bowl- perfect amount for a meal but not the best flavor
Chicken 65- tasted like sweet and sour chicken from a Chinese restaurantWe love some of their dishes 
we take out often
They are clean and have a good selection and are very nice people, a small enterpriseI ordered take out #quarantinetimes. It was my first time here but I'm loving the food. Enjoyably spicy not unpleasant. Rich flavours! Perfect comfy food! I got Garlic Shrimp and Chicken Chettinadu Curry be sure to try them!I've been here probably 5 times since it opened. Once to eat in with friends, and 4 times for takeout. The food is pretty good, it's convenient to where I live, and compared to most Indian places, the prices are much cheaper. This, to me, is the main reason to get food from here. 
That being said, there's like a weird bootleg vibe to the place like they don't really know how to operate an Indian place, and they do some strange and cheap things. First of all, coleslaw doesn't belong in biryani. It's weird. Second, basically every Indian place I've ever been to either gives you raita by default, or has it. They don't give you raita. I've had to ask for it every time I've been there. I just got takeout from here, and noted in my Grubhub order that I would like raita on the side. When I went to pick up my food, I asked if the raita was in there. The guy says no, but goes back in the kitchen presumably to retrieve a little cup of raita that they have nicely given me every time I've asked. The guy comes out of the kitchen to tell me that they don't have raita, but it has coleslaw 'which is similar' (no). I clarify that he's telling me they do not have any raita, and he confirms.
Now what kinda Indian joint doesn't have raita? If I went to a Chinese joint and they had no soy sauce, or a Mexican joint that had no salsa, I'd walk out. They need to get their stuff together, because that is unacceptable. There are plenty of other ethnic options in the neighborhood, and via delivery.Fabulous authentic Indian food. Can't say enough good things. Had the chicken nasal and the butter chickenI did takeout, and it was delicious. The tandoori chicken was the juiciest I've ever had. The chicken tikka masala was really good. The sauce had a nice fragrant tangy flavor, instead of being overloaded with cream/sugar. Even the rice was fluffy and soft.
The only thing that wasn't great was the chicken in the masala was a bit rubbery compared to the tandoori chicken.
Portions are reasonable.Wonderful delicious food that I desperately needed to sooth my soul from a long day of travelFirst off, the food is amazing 5 stars. HOWEVER, this is a 3 star review due to them randomly closing EARLY 2 times that I've tried to order. Friday night they closed very early I tried calling them at 9:20 PM even though they're supposed to close at 10 PM, and I had no response. I called them over 10 times. Subsequently, Saturday night when they also close at 10 PM, I called them at 9 o'clock and I had no answer at all yet again. I specifically called them that Saturday night at 7 PM to confirm what time they close. I asked the guy why did they close early the previous night as it said on their website, on their door, and on Google that they close at 10 pm on Friday and Saturday night. And they specifically told me they close at 10 PM on the phone. They told me they would take my order until 10 PM. I was sitting on the phone calling them yet again and I had no answer. This is ridiculous. I love their food. I will give them another chance as I have been going here on a regular basis for a while now. But if this happens again, I will no longer purchase food from here. I have been ordering ateethi for the past 15 months on a weekly basis, however you cannot have great food with terrible service!!We have been casual takeout regulars of this place for the last year. The restaurant used to be one of our first go-tos when we are lazy at cooking. I remember how surprising we were for the first few times because two entres were good enough for three meals for two guys. The flavors were always rich and warm. Perfect for a cozy night with wine.
Overtime, we discovered that the portion decreased quite a bit, which is okay because it was never pricey to begin with. Fast forward to today, however, my lamb korma consisted of 40% bones and tandem and only 60% meat. This may be a one-off but it began to feel like the diminishing of quantity has creeped into the quality as well.
We still love their flavors and may continue to visit in the future. I only hope the management understand older customers notice these changes.Small family owned restaurant that just opened up recently with a good size menu, good portion sizes and very reasonable prices.  It's what I would call a "hole-in-the-wall" kind of place so it's not fancy or trendy but the food is solid and the owners were friendly.  The food was seasoned nicely and had good flavor.  If you're seeking a good meal for a reasonable price this will make you happy.  If you're looking for a place to impress someone this would not be the venue.I got a dosa and navratan korma, and everything was incredible. It's great to see an Indian spot with an extensive menu of both North and South Indian cuisines, it definitely stands out.Some of the best Indian food I've had. The Saag Paneer was subtle and rich. The biryani was delicious..Ordered pickup for doordash and showed up with no food prepped. The man working there said they didn't make the food but that the door dash should be cancelled and they'll make the food after being paid in store. He was abrupt aka rude. The other woman was kind and apologizing. But if you don't want to do doordash, don't do it. Instead of customers taking the time to show up for no food. 
Meanwhile I also have to contact doordash support to refund me. It became too much trouble for what should be a easy pick up.The only reason they get an extra star is because of the customer service. The employees there are nice.
Otherwise, this place is probably the most mediocre and bland indian food I've ever had. Maybe its an off day but its we ordered on whats basically a friday. 
We got the lamb korma, gobi manchurian, chicken 65 and some garlic naan.
- Gobi manchurian was straight up breading with a hint of sweet tomato, the look of cauliflower, and a wish there was more than an aftertaste of spice. 
- Chicken 65 is pretty much the same as the gobi manchurian but better only because it has spice and spiciness covers everything else. 
- Lamb korma has pretty decently cooked lamb. It's soft and tender but that all the good I have for this dish. Korma is supposed to be creamy but instead it taste like straight oil. It was akin to eating lamb with a spoonful oil. No real spice or flavor at all.
Prices are decent, but I think that's all that's enticing about this place.Got the lamb biryani to go, I think it was a great value. Ton of food and the lamb was great! Rice was a little bit bland though, we ordered medium spice but 3 of us all found the medium to be not spicy at all. Maybe they just don't make things that spicy here but otherwise was a solid meal. The whole spice pods used really amplify the different flavors.This is a great little family business with delicious food and excellent service. If you want some really fresh Indian//Bangladeshi food this is your place. The seating part is small as it's mostly a takeout restaurant. But if you do end up dining in , you will absolutely love the waiter.This place is a very authentic place. The food is on point and I love the waitery. The naan was   fluffy and went great with the chicken tikka masala.  The  waiter was an optimistic woman and was amazing. I am sure to come again and I encourage you to come too.I had really high hopes for this place. I was disappointed with food here . Ordered masala dosa but it tasted even worse than chutney company restaurant. I hope they would hire better chef.SO GOOD! SO FRESH! SO AFFORDABLE!
I have been searching for a decent Indian place in Philly for over two years now and have had mixed experiences, but nothing like this. Such a great menu, the freshest ingredients, incredibly generous portions, Ateethi you are my new permanent Indian go-to!!Fast service and delicious authentic Indian cuisine. 
Small joint, but the flavor of food makes up for the lack of space.Just found out about this place! Tried it for the first time today and loved it! Will become my go to for indian food in rittenhouse !I ordered take out tonight for dinner and the food was delicious. I highly recommend the tikka masala and naan. I will definitely be going back! Great service too!I don't understand all the rave reviews.
Usually Thanal Tavern and Amma are my go to spots for Indian food and Veda my happy hour/bar food pick. Since I was not in the mood for a buffet lunch (Thanal) or the ridiculous lines and wait time for food (Amma), and it was too early for Veda's happy hour, Ateethi seemed like the logical lunch choice.
Snob that I am, I will never look down on generic or faux ethnic food if it's delicious so my review is not based on how 'authentic' Ateethi's food was.
This is a tiny place with a few stool and bar seats in the window and a handful of tables. It's clean and pleasant. The restroom is handicap accessible and utterly spotless. 
The menu is composed of mostly North Indian standards-chicken tikka masala, aloo gobi, palak paneer and so on with a few South Indian dishes-mostly dosas and an uttapam. There are the naans, lassis and usual desserts, too-kulfi, kheer, rasmali and gulab jamun. As much as I love kulfi, I was too full to try Ateethi's. Then, too, I've found that many places list this as a dessert but don't actually have it. Can't comment in this case. 
When I walked in at lunch time, there were 2 diners and I stood for a bit until a young man came out and told me to sit where I pleased. He was not unpleasant but not friendly, either. 
Ateethi has a selection of 'bowls' that come with rice, plain naan (1 piece cut into 4), "salad" (more about that later) and bottled water or a soda for $10. That's not a bad price by any means for a Center City lunch, especially in a place off Rittenhouse.
Ateethi is bare bones and uses paper plates and napkins, plastic straws (I always bring my own straw) and plastic utensils if a diner is concerned about the footprint left by their consumption.
A very cordial woman came out a few minutes later to take my order. I chose a chicken tikka masala bowl, asked that it be very spicy and requested garlic naan instead of plain, stating I'd pay the additional price for the replacement. I also ordered a mint and chili lassi. As I waited for my lunch, the restaurant began to fill up; first another single diner, then a party of 6 Indian men, then a take out order and 2 more Indian men. To the folks who say "it is always a good sign when you see 'the natives' eating at a restaurant," wake up. One of the most inedible meals I was ever served was in SF Chinatown in a restaurant probably 99% full of Asian diners. Anyway...
Within a very short time, my food arrived. The portions were generous and I was secretly glad that I'd not gone with my first inclination to start with samosas. The naan was hot, pillowy and fragrant with garlic. The rice was nothing special and the spicy tikka masala was utterly bland and could have been a thickened tomato soup posing as sauce. The "salad" was nothing more than  a few TBS. of some undressed and diced cucumber, onion and grated carrot. It could have used some salt, pepper, lime or vinegar and a touch of yogurt to make it a savory kachumber. I just mixed it in with the rice. The mint/chili lassi was delicious and somewhat made up for the exceptionally bland chicken tikka. Nay sayers can claim that this is a new restaurant still working out the kinks but that does not explain very bland food. The folks taking orders and serving seemed quick, competent and efficient without new restaurant jitters so I have to put the blame for non-descript food on the chef. Yes, I cleaned my plate but only because I was very hungry, not because the food was so savory and exquisite I couldn't stop eating it. The carbs filled me up. Period. 
Ateethi's "mother ship" restaurant is on Krewstown Rd. and has an extensive menu. Given the miniscule quarters here, I am not surprised by the pared down offerings from the Sansom Street kitchen.
I was checked on several times as I ate. Other diners seemed to be as hungry and non-picky about their lunches as me. I don't recall any music so if there was any, it was unobtrusive which always suits me. 
My check was produced as soon as I asked for it and again, the gracious female server asked if I needed anything else before I left. I was not charged for replacing the plain naan with garlic naan.
I'd be mildly curious to check out the dosas here but there are too many other places, new and old, and much better than Ateethi, to make my return visit a reality.
Go only if you are low on cash, are afraid of spice, you are really really hungry and have the lowest expectations about what Indian food should taste like.Solid spot. We got the dal tarka and chicken vindaloo. The garlic naan was super garlicy and delicious. Dal tarka was kind of plain and the chicken vindaloo was a good spice level and chicken was moist. Would go back for Indian in the area.As a vegan, I do not expect every restaurant to have vegan food on the menu, particularly in traditional Indian cuisine where even many vegetarian dishes like dal use ghee for tempering. That said, it is incredibly disrespectful for a restaurant to *claim* that they have vegan food, and mislead customers into eating animal products, when the food is not actually vegan. Just as we are not entitled to eat at your restaurant if you choose not to serve food to our ethical standards, you are not entitled to lie to us to increase the size of your business by 5%.
The dishonesty of this place is frankly incredible, and they should be ashamed. First, on their menu which can be found online on their website, several items that are explicitly labelled "Vegan" actually contain butter or eggs, which are not vegan. Similarly on their Grubhub menu, several items are labelled "Vegan" that contain butter and paneer, which again, are not vegan. The same items containing paneer *that are explicitly labeled vegan on Grubhub* are listed on their website's menu, but are not listed as vegan, meaning they definitely are not made with a plant-based paneer substitute, which a vegan might reasonably but incorrectly assume. Is this an innocent mistake? I don't think so. Because:
They have created a second "restaurant" called "Vegan Tastes India" that is listed on Doordash as a vegan restaurant! The address is the same as Ateethi's address. The point of this is clearly to give the impression that they are a fully vegan Indian restaurant and indeed, they have pared down their menu on Doordash to eliminate all meat-containing items. And yet again, all the dishes containing ghee, egg, and paneer, are explicitly labelled as vegan. For a vegan who is casually browsing Doordash for dinner, they might see this place, assume it is fully vegan, and that the dishes that have paneer and ghee are actually using plant substitutes. I am lucky that I decided to investigate further.
This restaurant has repeatedly gone out of its way to lie to customers about how much of their menu is plant-based, and has likely mislead many vegans to eat food that violates their beliefs. The menu across all platforms must be updated immediately so that this does not happen any more. Not everyone will be as careful as I was, or as knowledgeable about what terms like "paneer" and "ghee" mean.Took a wrong turn on the way to lunch yesterday and came across this new Indian restaurant. The menu looked good and we decided to give it a try. Glad we did! We ordered Chicken Biriyani, Chicken Tikka Masala, and Roasted Goat Masala; all of which we couldn't compliment enough. The staff are friendly and attentive. We will definitely be back.This place is a very authentic place. The food is on point and I love the waitery. The naan was   fluffy and went great with the chicken tikka masala.  The  waiter was an optimistic woman and was amazing. I am sure to come again and I encourage you to come too.Delicious meal. Lime soda made from scratch. Best masala dosa I've had. Staff is friendly and quick to ask if you need anything. I recommend this restaurant.Just got take out from here this past Saturday. What a great Indian food experience! Not sure how I didn't find it earlier. 
Very easy ordering experience over the phone (although the website and mobile ordering app had slightly different menus). Food was ready in about 20 min and packed very nicely. Had the goat curry which came with the bone and was delicious! Good amount of gravy, and the spices had really gotten into the goat. Got a good helping of rice as well. It was rice...not much else to say. Ordered one garlic na'an which was good and not too greasy. Also had the samosa chaat as an appetizer. Great mix of flavors and a generous helping of it (enough for two people to split). Finally had the masala dosai with spinach. Unfortunately they had to kind of smush it into the container so it was a bit discombobulated when we got it home. Crispy and flavorful. Came with coconut chutney which was excellent and some sambar which was good as well. Also ordered kulfi and I totally forgot it was ice cream. Might be nice if their online menu had some descriptions of the food items so that people not familiar with Indian food or who have forgotten can learn what they're ordering. 
Overall delicious food, good helpings but not excessive. Didn't seem too oily/doused in cream which is a problem with Indian food from restaurants a lot. And the price wasn't bad at all! Unexpected, but actually one of my favorite Indian food experiences in Philly!One of the best authentic Indian restaurants in the area. The staff genuinely cares about their patrons and the food is made fresh. You know it's about to be good when the food is served on paper products. I highly recommend their Masala Dosa and Aloo Gobi Bowl, which is ironically served on a plate.Have gotten take out from here a number of times since their opening. 
Portion sizes are decent, prices are reasonable. Their food is above average, but certainly not the best I've ever had. That being said, I get take out from there every few weeks. 
Try the masala dosa, saag paneer, and garlic naan -- my favorites. 
I'll continue coming back.Very small place easy to miss, good food and portion size.  The Malai Kafta was good.  Friendly staff.Solid take out option for Indian food in the Rittenhouse area.  I'm a fan of the goat curry especially, which is flavorful and full of just the right amount of spice (you can customize the level, of course).  It takes about 15 minutes from when the food is ordered to when it's ready to go, and the staff are always nice.Highly recommend the goat curry and garlic naan. I got it spicy and it still wasn't that spicy so keep that in mind if you like to kick it up a notch. But very tasty and hit the spot.
Only 4* because they forgot the soda I ordered for pickup.What a nice little find! Ateethi is such a hole in the wall, there isn't even a noticeable sign out front (like a banner or large sign). There is just a decal on the door, so I walked right by it.
The service was quick. I ordered on GrubHub for pickup, and my order was ready in fewer than 10 minutes. I ordered the Lamb Briyani. The portion was huge for the price ($13) considering the neighborhood. Unless you have the metabolism of John Cena, you could probably get two meals out of it. It was spicy and came with a small cup of raita. 
My only complaint is the lamb was a little overcooked, but maybe I'm being too critical. It's a fast-casual lunch place, not a fancy restaurant in the same tier as the nearby Veda, so don't expect it to be the best Indian food you've ever had.I order the lamb marsala bowl and it was excellent. It came with rice, a coconut chutney and some Kerala Paratha (flakey flat bread).  I wish they told me it came with bread as I also ordered naan which was different (and not as good) as the included bread.
The marsala was very mild so be sure to tell them if you want it spicy.
The owner threw in a mango smoothy for free which was also excellent.Between chestnut and walnut, little bit of cuisine from the sub continent!. Hole in the wall couple of tables?. Not very formal but with a couple of friends night to remember!. Prices in the range of 10 to 20 dollars?. Eat in or take out!.!.Great spot, great price, and tasty authentic Indian food. Ordered the Lamb Korma and Palak Paneer; they were delicious. The Garlic Naan was good, but could have been a little crispier. Would definitely be ordering from this place in the future.Such a lovely family business with the sweetest chef. I ordered a mysore masala dosa with the most generous potato stuffing I've ever received in a dosa (I've had so many in NYC and Houston) with the perfect flavorful spice level to satisfy this spice fiend. I picked up my order a little late and was warned by a saddened chef that my dosa would now be soggy, and I could really sense how much love he puts into the food and our experience of it. I hope word makes it back to him that the dosa was not too soggy and that I thoroughly enjoyed it. 
Chicken curry was so flavorful and incredible! I wasnt bloated after my meal, and I was blown away with every spoonful by how benign-ly flavor packed it was. Such complex flavor bundled in a warm home-y vibe! It has no dairy (cream nor ghee), so it's safe for dairy-sensitive people. I've never had the honor of having Indian home cooking before, but I imagine this is what it would be like. Beyond the flavors, their food is just so fresh and full of love that it truly brightened up my day. 
I rarely take the time to write reviews, but I wish them the absolute best and all the recognition they deserve. The chef asked me how my day was going and genuinely cared to hear my response and deliver his good wishes. I loved his energy, you can absolutely experience it through his food, and that makes all the difference. Ateethi makes me excited to visit Philly again!Yum! First time I tried it here and I got the chicken tikka masala which was delicious. The sauce was a little bit thin but they gave so much rice to mix with it so no problems there! The dosa was delicious and love love love the coconut chutney it came with. Good food good prices.We regularly order takeout from here and it's always fantastic. If you want authentic Indian food with great customer service in Rittenhouse area, this is the place for you!The service here was very friendly. The set up is small with likely a strong take-out game. 
The chicken tikka masala has really thick sauce with a sour aftertaste; this dish not appeal to me. There were onions and peppers as well as chicken which was nice. Overall it tasted like regular chicken tikka nasal with ranch dressing in it. I'll be trying somewhere new next time as this wasn't my favorite style of chicken tikka!Ateethi is a nice Indian restaurant offering classic Indian cuisine at fair prices. I ordered delivery through Yelp (fulfilled by Grubhub) a week ago and enjoyed the meal. However, my order was canceled the first time (I think because I ordered ice cream and they didn't want to deliver that), so I needed to call them and reorder which was a bit of a pain.
I tried the chicken tikka masala, garlic naan, and veg samosas. The food certainly hit the spot. Compared to some other Indian restaurants nearby, Ateethi was a little less remarkable but also cheaper, so it worked as a nice value meal. I'd eat from here again next time I'm craving Indian.Loved the Chick Pea, basmati, and roti meal 
I had for dinner! always can go for a good 
indian cuisine during the week, this is definitely a spot to try. yum nom yumI've gotten take-out several times and will keep going back. The tandoori chicken is moist, flavorful and delicious. Rice and naan are nice accompaniments. Portions are generous and the value is excellent. I feel lucky to have Ateethi in the neighborhood!So glad to find this place for a dosa when I realized that Philadelphia Chutney closed. The masala dosa was fantastic - perfectly spiced and really tasty sauces too. Will definitely be back!Overall the spices and taste of the food was good. The place is small and quaint. We ordered the paneer masala curry, the chicken Tikka masala curry and dosa (spelling it wrong probably). The garlic naan was good....the dosa was spicy and overall okay. I wasn't a fan of it as I felt it was a lot thicker (breadier/doughier) than others that I've had before. The curry potato filling wasn't bad....both Curry's were tasty and overall good. I would've given four stars but I felt that using plastic plates and utensils at a sit down restaurant is weird and cheapens the food quality. Although it made it easy to pack the leftovers up to go....
Overall 3 star experience.We got the chicken tikka and makhani bowls. While the portions are great in size and the service was really great too...the food was just disappointing thought. we asked for medium and it was super mild and lacking flavor.  I'll give the place another try eventually..after they have been open for a bit.It's extremely frustrating to put a bad review on Yelp. I love supporting local businesses, however when they fail to deliver and are still misleading, I feel responsible for informing my fellow Yelpers. 
Ateethi would have worked back in 2010 or even 2016 when Dana Mandi aka fondly known as Aunty wala place, was serving piping hot parathas and chicken and curry disguised as Biryani to college students. 
But it's 2021, Philadelphia has evolved into a prime culinary destination and we have seen a bunch of Indian places open and fail, some couldn't maintain their recipe (think Philadelphia chutney company) others didn't survive the pandemic (samosa vegetarian). 
It's truly baffling to see how Ateethi has managed to stay operational when there is Amma's for truly authentic and never compromising on quality food. And then there is Thanal probably the most underrated Indian restaurant. Worth mentioning here is also Indeblue and Veda which serve Indian fusion favourites. 
Heck !!!! Masala kitchen is the bomb DOT Com when it comes to late night Indian  street food. 
And Virasat Haveli is trying to strive and survive ! 
I am truly disappointed in what is being rated as really good Indian food, this is fake Indian food. Sorry ! 
The 2 stars belong to service and packaging. 
However no condiments were packed so go figure. 
Give this place a miss please, give them a reason to be better.A mom and pop place that will give you amazing traditional Indian food. Tried this place on a whim for lunch, saw it recently opened up and thought I would give it a try.
Went with my coworker and we ordered the veggie samosas, garlic nan, he got a lamb dish, and I had the palak paneer.  We asked for medium spice but it wasn't that spicy. Next time, I'll probably go hot. The garlic nan is insane, huge chunks of garlic on everything. Spinach paneer had a lot of spices I was not familiar with but it was still delicious. Lamb dish was probably the best though! ALSO, LOVED their vegetable samosa, it was just the perfect crisp ones without being greasy.
It was a great lunch find, and found out they do delivery... so will definitely be ordering again.Came here with a coworker for lunch and left satisfied. I ordered the half tandoori chicken, which was one of the more flavorful tandoori chickens I've had. It came out very juicy as well. 
My coworker got the chicken tikka masala bowl, which the portion size was amazing. Indian food tends to be expensive, but the food here is very reasonably priced. 
I did read the reviews on the coleslaw that came with the bowls, and I do tend to agree that it doesn't go well with the rice/curry but overall we were satisfied with the meals. 
Suggestion:
A good hot sauce would be a great addition to have.AMAZING Indian food! This is one of my favorite places to order from. My favorite dish is the shrimp molee, which is tender shrimp served in a ginger coconut sauce. If ordering more than 1 entree, I will get the chicken tikka. I always order the 3-piece samosa as a starter and an order of garlic naan to eat with my curry!I'm not a huge fan of Indian food, but from what I tried everything was very good. I wish I can  name all the dishes, but I have no idea what I ate. I would like to come back and try their lunch buffet to acquaint myself with the names of all the dishes and experiment with a few others.So I don't eat Indian food, not a fan of the spices used.  But my daughter does.  She's as brutal as a food critic and doesn't hold back.  She had nothing but rave reviews for her food from Ateethi!  She ordered Chicken Tikki Masala and samosas which I picked up from the restaurant.  The staff was friendly and the food was fresh and hot.V poor.  I could hear the micro wave pinging all evening.  The door handles and windows grubby.  The rice was hard like it had been made earlier.  I ordered a beef special of the region and was promised it was made to order.  Impossible.  The dish was evidently a long slow cook.  V dry and tasteless.  Ice cream for desert was full of icicles.
I'll not be in a hurry to return.I have ate at this restaurant several times and the quality of the food kept getting worse from the beginning stages ... However we had an Indian event for our family  and we decided to trust them for an event for 25 people. 
1.We picked up the food half an hour before the event and minutes before the event we realized they forgot a main dish(beef olathiyathu). So we had to rush back and get it in time for the event.
2. Upon opening the beef and the fish we realized that there was a stale smell. But it was too late and upon testing it after the guests left it was evident there was something wrong. 
3. 12 of the 25 ppl who were at the event got diarrhoea and food poisoning after the event. As enraged as we were we decided to return all the remaining food back to the restaurant..and they decided to play with us by saying that it wasn't that bad and to give them a hospital bill!!!!! 
4. They said if we give them the hospital bill of all the 12 ppl who got sick they will reimburse us!!! So we decided to leave the restaurant and never enter again.
It is a sad tale of Indian restaurants in this area as they start of really good and then in an effort to save money, lose their reputation. I have hope that the management will fix what is required and bring in some quality control. But I will not trust them with any event especially involving my family.
Suggestion- never take out and eat in the restaurant if you absolutely have to go, as then you can return the food if it's bad right away and not be forced to eat old food.I've been coming here for about 3 years now... I always do a take out since it's really awkward and weird to sit there and dine. Okay so long story short, I am disgusted by their biryani because it's simply drenched in massive oil.... and the chicken bone in there is so hard and tiny that I'm going to break my teeth. Total cost when I'm picking up always freaking changes I don't know how?!?! Told me at the phone that's it's blah blah but when I get there it's blah blah blah?sigh..... I'm never coming here because it's such a bad quality and trust me I try so hard to love this place since I love love love Indian food..!!!! But.. sorry. You won't see me ever again...We normally patronize another Kerala style Indian restaurant in the Northeast, however it was closed and we were craving Indian.  
The restaurant was completely empty when we entered...it's seems that they do quite a bit of take out business.  The staff was very friendly and helped us with a few suggestions.
We ordered the Chicken Lololipops and Samosas to start.  Both were good nothing out of the ordinary.  For our entrees we ordered Lamb Korma, Lamb Ularthiyathu and Boneless (they will take the bone out if you ask) lamb shank biryani.  The Korma was some of the best that I have had, not as spicy as I would have liked it though.  Next time we will ask for the highest spice level.  The biryani was enough to feed both my boyfriend and myself if you took away all of our other selections.  The flavor was amazing, true Hyderabadi style.  We also ordered the Kerala paratha, a flakey bread, which was good but not the best.
For dessert, as if we didn't have enough food, we ordered Gulab Jamun.  This was fried donut holes soaked in syrup.  A nice sweet treat, but would probably not order again.
All in all, compared to other Indian places in the North East, this ranks pretty high.  The price per serving size was very good and the service was fantastic.  We are going back later on this month for a Kerala style party that they are throwing.  If you are looking for a great lamb korma I would highly suggest Ateethi!Great place for some authentic Kerala cuisine which is a rarity in PA. We went there for the Onam Sadhya special and were pleasantly surprised. 
Great meal and reasonably priced and the staff were all friendly and courteous. Will be back to try their regular menu. 
Note - definitely worth it to make reservations. I took away one star because despite our reservations they took half an hour to seat us and were disorganized in seating arrangements.Good Indian cuisine here!  The mint chutney was excellent!   I've never had a mint chutney before that tasted quite as good!  I ordered the curried vegetable entree, spicy, of course.  They were a little bit timid in the spices, though.  Not bad by any stretch, but I could tell that they hold back a bit.  Garlic naan is very good.  But, as for the spices......be bolder, friends!  Don't be afraid to turn up the heat!!!First time eating here and the food was delicious. We ordered the spinach masala dosa, plain and garlic naan, palak paneer, and chicken tikka masala. 
The dosa was perfection. Well spiced and hearty with a crisp crepe-like exterior. The coconut chutney was surprisingly savory and the soup served alongside was spicy and almost meaty tasting. 
The naan came out crisp and flavorful and hot fresh from the kitchen. 
The rice served with the entrees was perfumed with clove which may have been nice for some but I personally didn't like it. I was grateful for the naan and If it weren't for it I would have asked for plain rice. 
And now for the entrees-the chicken tikka masala was super flavorful. The curry was bold and not overly creamy but a few pieces of chicken were gristly and tough. The palak paneer was tasty but not necessarily the best I've ever had.  
Overall we will be coming back the food was very delicious and the service was friendly. Can't wait for the weekend to try the buffet! We are now leaving with plenty of leftovers and all for ~$40!I don't know how this place got as many Yelp stars as it has, because it doesn't deserve them. Why?  Excruciatingly slow service, to start with.  Only one waiter was working, and we suspect he did kitchen work, too.  It felt like we had to hound him for almost everything, including the check.  I saw a party of four abandon their table, after being seated, then ignored for 15 minutes.  The food? We ordered Gobi Manchurian, which was okay tasty, but seriously overcooked and soggy.  The sauce may have been from a jar; the Spinach Masala Dosa lacked flavor, and the dosa wasn't crispy (unforgivable!), the Sambar lackluster as well, not enough ingredients and not very spicy, especially as we made a note to let the waiter know we wanted authentic spice levels; Banghain Barta was basically okay; Malabar Kerala Duck was not boned at all, just chopped up and thrown in the sauce, which like the rest was kind of one-dimensional.  Overall, I felt like everything was a missing something.  Even the mint chutney was thin as water.  What's up with that? I really wanted to like this place, which is not too far from my home.  But, sorry to say, good Indian food is still pretty elusive in Philly.Great experience! 
Our server both times, same guy, was super friendly and sweet. We bonded over our vegetarian ways. Very accommodating to my dairy free needs. He knew what all of the dishes consisted of and what he didn't, he didn't hesitate to ask the kitchen for me immediately. 
The food came out super fast!
Very reasonably priced too. They have $8.99 lunch specials! 
The samosas were some of the best I've had. Perfectly crispy, not mushy but hot and filled completely on the inside. So good I ate them all! Sorry kids, Mommy didn't save you any of the appetizer for an after school snack. Part of me feels awful. Just a SMALL part haha Too delish!!!
The I had the Aloo Gobi, cauliflower and potatoes stir fried with mild spices and rice with tiny carrots pieces came with it. So flavorful and just a tad spicy the way I like it. I got mild. 
I brought my family back and we all enjoyed our meals. This time I had a chickpea dish they made special for me. It was again, delish! If you have an concerns or restrictions, just ask! 
It's hard to find good food in the NE (sorry folks but it is) This was an unexpected treat. I will be back for sure. My parents live around the corner so when they order Station for the 123,550th time, I'll be sure to head right next door and grab some of this goodness. 
Highly recommend!Best kept Secret in My neighborhood.. New owners but same Authentic Flavors! Great Restaurant for Vegetarians..I appreciate what they're trying to do here, a bit of Southern and Northern fusion take on general Indian cuisine. Ultimately I think the restaurant feels a lot more south Indian in nature, but I'm not complaining.
My group started off with the Gobi Manjurian, which was very east Asian inspired, but not at all bad. The cauliflower was cooked well and it wasn't overly drenched in sauce. I got a sheek kabab dosa, which I have never seen elsewhere, and was not disappointed. It was spiced medium and tasted maybe a wee bit spicier than a medium, but once again I was not complaining. Also they have quite a few interesting lassi combinations available as well.
I can't score them perfectly though. Their rice seems to be predominantly flavored with clove. I like clove, and it was too much for me, so I can imagine those who dislike clove would be greatly disappointed. Their naan is nothing special either. I could overlook both of those, but what I can't overlook is the sweltering heat in the dining room. Towards the end of my dinner I felt very faint from the heat, and at first mistook this feeling for a bad reaction to the food. I assure you the food is fine, but the heat is killer.
Their staff there is very helpful and attentive, and their food is generally pretty good. Unfortunately the overbearing heat inside killed it for me. Not a bad place, they just have some kinks to work out. I'll still give them another shot.Found a place I like. Stopped in today for lunch with my sister and we enjoyed ourselves. It was pretty quiet during the day. Food was great, prices are reasonable and service was nice. The server took good care of us. I would go back.Just went to dinner at Ateethi. It was great. Family style. Large portions. Attentive service, very nice. Good flavors. Can't wait to go back again!I have been to this place a couple of times and the quality of the food varies from time to time! They do have different chefs and depends on the chef the quality and taste varies as well! 
This one time I was at the restaurant, I ordered fish fry. It tasted so bad and asked them if they can fix it the waiter was nice enough to take it back to the chef to see if they can do something! I was astonished by the response the waiter got from the chef. I was told to just add more salt that's on the table‍
When I first went to this restaurant I loved it and we started recommending it to our colleagues but since my last experience I have been discouraging people from going there! It's sad to know The quality of what they serve is diminishing over time! My family and I got diarrhea the last time we had food from them! I would recommend not risking it! I would t even give this place a one star review. I am dismayed by their unprofessional and arrogant behavior.I've had this bookmarked for a while after reading many positive reviews. 
We came here on a Saturday evening at 5pm and had the place to ourselves. Not a single other table occupied throughout our dinner. 
The waiter was excellent. Very attentive and knew the menu well. He was able to guide us in selecting great entrees. We had a goat dish, a chicken curry, and the basket of bread (naan). The portions were great and the food was delicious. 
During the meal, the owner came to our table to greet us and check in our experience. Very nice touch. 
For dessert, we tried some type of white cake that was soaked in a white sauce. Not my favorite but I'm happy to have tried it. 
Overall, the dinner was great. I would gladly return here for dinner.There was a cat in the dining area when I came in for dinner; for someone allergic, this is a big deal. They removed the cat at my request, but how often is it there? Feline malfeasance isn't the reason for the poor review, however. My waiter lied to me, intentionally, about a dish containing dairy. I asked him to please make sure my dish was dairy-free. He assured me it was (after speaking with someone in the kitchen). However, halfway through my meal, it became quite clear to me he was lying (he also told me a chutney was dairy-free when I knew it contained yogurt, but since he hadn't asked the kitchen about that, I just didn't eat it). When I confronted him about my meal containing dairy, he replied that it was "just a little" trickled on the top of the dish and that there was no dairy inside the filling. I don't eat animal products for ethical reasons. It might have been life-threatening to someone with a dairy allergy. As it was, as I have not eaten dairy for a decade, the meal left me with a foul taste in my mouth an an upset stomach. Mistakes are one thing. Intentionally lying to a customer about the contents of a dish is inexcusable.Pleasantly surprised and what a gem! I found this place on Yelp since my friend was coming into town and we both love Indian. Unfortunately, the lunch buffet is only available on weekends and not during the weekday BUT they have a great lunch special deal for 8.99 which includes dessert and naan! It was perfect since you get a selection of 5-6 dishes so it's your own personal buffet anyways! The chicken tikka and paneer was delicious as well as everything else that came with the lunch deal. I had leftovers for days! Seriously I had 3 different meals with the leftovers (we ordered the paneer as a separate dish since it wasn't on the lunch special) but still! WOW! Indian food is the ONLY food I'll eat leftovers from. I have yet to check out the buffet (which I will asap) but for lunch buffet in my eyes so far is karma in old city. You're welcome :)
So ironically since I wrote my first review I had a craving for Indian so we got takeout from this place! I (myself only) got paneer tikka masala and chicken tikka biryani and of course garlic naan. They ask which level of heat you'd like on your dish which is a definite thumbs up (got extra hot) which it was so that was very nice. The biryani was a tad dry but the chicken was moist. The paneer was not fresh but still edible. Just disappointed because I've experienced it's hard to get really fresh paneer because the texture is softer. All in all I really enjoyed everything! I'm just going to mix the sauce with the biryani and I had meals for the next couple days :)Visited Ateethi last night, which is the third indian restaurant at this location. Have to say this restaurant surprised me and the food was way better than what I expected. Have to agree with the person who said this restaurant has unique food items on the menu, which I haven't seen at any other Indian restaurants I've visited in Philadelphia. I'm glad that Ateethi has something different to offer than many Indian or Pakistani restaurant in Philadelphia. We ordered three different types of biryani (Tandoori chicken, Lamb Shank, and Shrimp) from this restaurant and have to say all three of them had a different taste. Some of the items on the menu were bit pricey. I do not regret paying few dollars more for huge portions they had to offer. I'm upset I wasn't able to try anything else at this place at point, but I'll be definitely coming back to explore more unique items on the menu. Customer service is very friendly and helpful. This place was definitely worth my money. I Hope they make the dinning area look more comfortable and build more vibrant atmosphere, which I think is understandable at this moment since its a new restaurant. Also, seriously hope they don't drop their standards once they build a name. Goodluck!I'm really glad I found this place. I've been looking for a nice Indian restaurant I can take out from and I think this is it! I want to try their weekend lunch buffet. I ordered chicken biryani, chicken tikka masala and plain naan. It was perfect the first time I ordered. The second time, the biryani had too much spices making it taste salty. And the third time, it was really dry and had bits of white rice in it, making it taste bland. I think they used leftover rice from the lunch buffet.. But I'll still go back! I also like their huge portion sizes. I also had chicken korma once and it was delicious, tho I'd rather stick to the chicken tikka masala. And their naan is good too and the veg samosa was also good but I didn't love it. 
One thing that bothered me was I ordered the SAME EXACT THING 3 times but the total prices were all different! It wasn't couple cents difference..it was about $1~$2 difference. I asked for the reciept once and the guy said he doesn't give out reciepts.....hm..... I don't like that. Why is the price different every time I order the same thing? I even order it on the same day every week during the same time frame!! LolBest dosa I've ever had. Really delicious S Indian cuisine you don't find often. This place is great, I recommend it highly!We had what was likely the best Indian food we have ever had here tonight. I can't even get over how unexpectedly awesome this was. We weren't even going here -- we were here to check out the Mediterranean restaurant next door, but they were closed. We checked out Yelp to see what else was nearby and found this gem! It was so unassuming. 
They have an extensive vegetarian menu and it was all so flavorful and different from things we had gotten in the past. We will absolutely be back and telling everyone about this place!My new favorite Indian restaurant! Little odd that restaurant was empty during dinner time (6pm)but I went for take out also. Chicken Korma was excellent, all good portion, reasonable price and quality of food.The quality of the food just didn't impress me: a lot of the food was just plain salty. Out of the buffet the only thing I liked was the tandoori wings. I'm not sure if this was just because it was a busy day (Father's Day) or if it's a regular issue. The layout of the store is good and it does have potential I just think the Buffett should have better food. Didn't like the tikka chicken nor the chilli beef. A lot of the food was watered down yet very salty. I also think Naan should be at the buffet table itself so that the waiter doesn't have to bring it to the table each time. Desserts there were ok but the mango based desserts were a bit too tart (should be smoother). I suggest adding coconut milk or oil to dishes so everything tastes smoother and consistent. The owners seem like nice people and the place has potential I want this review to be just constructive criticism I believe you guys can improve. I do remember the restaurant under previous owners about 10 years ago and the food was better back then. The location is decent and is convenient to the large Indian community near by but some tweaks can go a long way in improving this place to the next level.Went here on 2/14/15 for dinner with some friends. We had the chicken tikka Biriyani, crab roast curry and deviled fish. The chicken tikka Biriyani was delicious and the portion size was enough for the three of us. The deviled fish was good but the crab roast curry was probably our favorite. The staff was friendly and the waiter was always checking in on us to see how things were. Give them a try, you won't be disappointed!I have never had Indian food before coming here. I felt very welcomed when I walked in. The service was fantastic. You can tell its a family operated business so they take pride in their work. Above all else, I have decided that Indian food is now one of my favorites. If you want it to be one of your favorites too, I HIGHLY recommend stopping into Ateethi.Let me begin by saying that my three star rating has more to do with my personal taste and how the restaurant compares to frankly better establishments. That aside, the restaurant was clean, the wait staff friendly, and the prices decent. By no fault of Ateethi, I just couldn't help remarking during the meal, "it's not as good as over there." The one standout though was their garlic naan bread which was excellent.Ordered take out half tray of mutton biriyani. All I got was few small pieces of meat and rest was all rice. Called the "chef" to let him know and he just gave me an attitude. Had guests over from out of state and I was embarrassed to serve this. I will never order from here again.I thoroughly enjoyed our first take out order from Ateethi last week. We had ordered a wide assortment of things, both vegetarian and not, and everything was outstanding!
I am not the lover of Indian food as some people as I know, and actually only started to really enjoy it a few years ago. But there are a few dishes here that will turn you into an Indian lover if you give it the chance. First off, the butter chicken. One of my favorite Indian dishes, hands-down, and they do a superb job here. Not spicy, tons of flavor, delicate cream sauce. Next, Chana Masala, a vegetarian dish mostly chickpeas and tomato sauce, terrific and a tad spicy. Eat over rice. The garlic Naan - nice, soft an super fresh. The Malai Kofta - vegetarian balls, almost like falafel in texture, served with different flavors and sauce. Everything I tried was great.
Do yourself a favor and bring a large group and order a bunch of things and eat family style. When we came to pick up the order, there was what looked like a private event going on, so you may want to call first if it's a weekend night. I can't speak for the service as I didn't dine in, however, everything was ready to go when it was supposed to be, and packaged really well for takeout, which is saying a lot especially because there were a lot of saucy dishes that could have, but thankfully did not, leak all over the place.Out of all the Indian restaurants in the area I like them the best. Their biriyani is not greasy like some of the other places. Their portion sizes are good. The South Indian food especially is on point! I have only done take out there though, need to dine in one day!If you can look past the shabby carpet and austere furnishings you will be rewarded with some of the best Indian food available.
Try the Lamb Marsala and Chicken Biriyani. Outrageously good.When with a friend spur of the moment I had Chicken Tikka Masala and friend had Goat Curry we enjoyed both dishes and I loved the mango lassi so great it's affordable and nearby love Indian food. Great find.This was my first time being at an Indian restaurant. I arrived for the Sunday lunch buffet and it was very delicious. The waiters are very helpful and will tell you about the different kinds of foods that are on the buffet station. If you like to try new restaurants, I would definitely give this one a try if I were you! Be sure to eat some of the naan bread with the curry chicken over rice. They were awesome. I will definitely be returning in the near future.0/5.
Pretty terrible experience. Called in an order for pick up, call was not answered for at least 2 minutes - I gave them the benefit of the doubt. 
They said it would take 45 mins for the order. Went to collect the order. Walked in the restaurant, did not see any staff. Continued to wait for at least 5 minutes, then called them to check on my order. They said another 15 mins because the chef was busy. There was one other couple eating in the restaurant. So could not have been that busy. A guy came out with my food an hour and a half after I placed the order. No apology, no greeting, just the amount that was due. DEFINATELY WILL NOT BE GOING BACKGreat food and service
They are closed Tuesday's so I have  not to eat Indian food on Tuesday 
Great server always smilingAmazing place to get some authentic Indian food! Everyone is friendly and food was amazing. The best part is its BYOB!I had an excellent masala dosa here. Dosa was crisp and buttery, the masala stuffing was flavorful and filling. The accompanying coconut chutney was spicy but you could taste the sweetness of fresh coconut. We had a mango lassi as well, and it was an excellent balance of sweet and tangy. 
The ambiance is very nice, and the location is very convenient, being located in a strip mall with plenty of parking. The bathrooms are clean (to me, very important in a restaurant) and there's plenty of space in the dining room. The owners are very nice, coming over personally to make sure that every part of our experience is perfect. The menu is diverse, with selections from both North and South Indian cuisine. This may not be the cheapest Indian food in Philly but it's definitely a great value. The portions are heaping and you'll definitely struggle to finish an order. 
I would recommend Ateethi to anyone craving a little exotic flavor for a great price.Ordered. Extra extra spicy like a dummy but thankfully the chef delivered! Food was spicy and food was hot (temp). Everything was flavorful minus the dessert (gulab jamun were kinda lame but its typical for restaurants to just use store bought gulab jamun). 
But best items that ive tried so far is
Goat biryani (dum biryani style)
Hot wings - kerala flavor 
Aloo tikki 
Chicken tikka masala could use a little less butter
And as mentioned gulab jamun could be fresh.
But servers were nice and very accommodating. Glad to see this restaurant finally come back to some life.Services here is pretty drawling. Sever pour me water without any ice and my water is warm.... Overall food decentExcellent! Excellent! Great atmosphere and hosts. Best keep secret with a variety of food options for all.We went here for a Saturday lunch buffet and it was delicious! They had so many different options available with a mix of north and South Indian. The staff was so nice and very attentive to us and our needs. The price was very good as well. The food tasted authentic and reminded me of a home cooked meal. The place was simple yet nice and clean. The presentation of food was exceptional.I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and Garlic Naan from Uber Eats. Regarding the delivery, the Tikka Masala came carefully double wrapped so the sauce wouldn't leak out of the container, which was a good precaution that most other restaurants wouldn't take.
For the food, if you want a rich, hearty, cultural meal, this place hit the spot with my order. The portions were huge for the price, and while the chicken dish and naan were great on their own, dipping the naan in the masala sauce and taking a bite out of chicken + sauce wrapped in garlic naan took it to the next level of flavors.
I know they have an open buffet on weekends, and I can't wait to stop by and try the rest of their menu!Great Indian food! So many good dishes it was hard to choose. I highly recommend this restaurant!No good restaurants for indian food in the philly centre city area... This is the closest to home cooked / authentic Indian food in the area.. Krupesh (owner) is great and always super helpful, friendly and accommodating.. Food is yummy as well! Craving for Indian food.. Go here!!!Great experience! 
The server was super friendly and sweet. We bonded over our vegetarian ways.He knew what all of the dishes consisted of and what he didn't, he didn't hesitate to ask the kitchen for me immediately. They were very accommodating to my dairy free needs. 
The food came out super fast!
Very reasonably priced too. 
The samosas were some of the best I've had. Perfectly crispy, not mushy but hot and filled in the inside. So good I ate them all! Sorry kids, Mommy didn't save you any of the appetizer for an after school snack. Part of me feels awful. Just a SMALL part haha Too delish!!!
I had the Aloo Gobi, cauliflower and potatoes stir fried with mild spices and rice with tiny carrots pieces came with it. So flavorful and just a tad spicy the way I like it. I got mild. 
It's hard to find good food in the NE (sorry folks but it is) This was an unexpected treat. I will be back for sure. My parents live around the corner so when they order Station for the 123,550th time, I'll be sure to head right next door and grab some of this goodness. 
Highly recommend.Been here twice now and the food is definitely worth your time.  Naan was delicious, curry was amazing, and the chicken was cooked very well. Will be coming back for sure. One request, that a menu be added to Yelp. Would make things much easier for customers ordering and picking up.  Food enthusiasts give this place a try.
that was my original review. I have been going to ateethi at least twice a month for over a year. last few months however the quality has just gone horribly down hill. they must have a new owner or a new chef that are trying to cut costs. the last month or so the rice has been plain white rice not basamati rice. there is literally a Indian market next door!! the chicken is frequently dry and portions sizes are very decreased. what a shame I really did love going to this place. not anymore sadly.Very rich and flavorful food given in generous portions and affordable prices. I particularly love their breads and vegetarian dishes.Simply Amazing .. great management and greate food and great quality with quantity
Good luckSo when you place an order ahead of time (8 hours ahead) and state that you'll pick it up at a certain time the expectation is that it's be ready close to that time. One would not expect for them to start cooking when you show up. I'm sitting in this empty restaurant for the last 30 minutes waiting to pick up my order that I ordered 8 hours ago. They're laughing it up in the back and I still don't have food. Zero sense of urgency. Zero customer service. I've had the food before and it's average at best. Shameful. Infuriating.I used to love this place.  I ordered biryani all the time and have done the buffet a few times ... noticed a drop in quality lately, but still holding out hope it can still do wellThe worst rice and saag paneer I've ever had. Soggy rice and way over creamy saag. But the naan was good and so was tikka masala.How does one travel to a faraway place, experience a mood of tranquility yet uplifting atmosphere, and dine on exotic dishes without international travel and spending a fortune? Dining at the Ateethi restaurant was all of the above and more. The simplicity of the place, along with music, house temperature, and excellent wait staff transformed a small strip mall restaurant beyond the ordinary of daily dine out.  
My family went here for the first time and were surprisingly pleased with the experience.  The waiter was efficient and kind, the food was excellent. Something as simple as a fresh glass of perfect-temperature water (no ice cubes, yes!) in a clean hefty glass opened the introduction. We ordered a variety of appetizers and entrees and everything was perfectly cooked.  Their garlic naan bread is great!  What I noticed was that all of the entree dishes had a distinctive and unique taste to themselves, which is often not the case in restaurants.  We had Samosas, Pakoras, Aloo Tikkis, MALAI KOFTA, CHICKEN KORMA,  GOAT BIRIYANI, and other foods.  Our food was brought out in a timely manner and our waiter was attentive and professional. Their menu is extensive, so we'll have to go back on numerous occasions to try other dishes.
Ateethi is a hidden gem for quality ethnic Indian food at a reasonable price. I'm so happy to have tried this place after passing it on the road so often.  Instead of the usual take-out and chain restaurants, give this place a try for something exotic, unique and fulfilling in many ways.Value from my perspective = Great Food, Reasonable Price, Courteous and Accommodating Staff, Respect for My Time
Thank you for meeting and exceeding all of my expectations Ateethi! 
Dinner tonight was truly an excellent experience and I look forward to visiting you again soon.I really enjoyed the food here! The goat biriyani is very flavorful and the naan is full of delicious butter ( can't get enough). Also the Kerala meal felt like a true home cooked meal. It is spicy and it has a rich coconut   flavor. Also, the people are really nice and it is an awesome place to take friends and family! Can't wait to go back!Will not order from here again. Thought I'd try something new in the Northeast. The chicken tikka was horrible. It was 1/3 oil. Not edible. No flavor. Quite frankly it was a turnoff. The tikka biriyani tasted no different than the vegetable biriyani. Shouldn't the tikka add another dimension? The only redeeming part of the meal was the naan. Galub jamun was okay. A little overwhelming with the excess clove.I'm so glad my husband and I finally tried Ateethi. We had high expectations and were pleasantly surprised. I feel like due to the location, no one would know about this place or show interest which is a shame.
The interior is beautiful---like a fine restaurant which reminded me of my favorite Indian restaurant in Levittown. The waitress was very sweet and attentive. The samosas were fresh and packed with flavor, and our lamb and chicken was cooked perfectly. 
We had the Lamb Biryoni and Tikka Masala. Tender meat, perfectly spiced, and completely authentic. The portions are enough for two which is great because Indian leftovers are the BEST! They also have an awesome lunch deal on weekdays which is available for takeout.
The only reasons for 4 instead of 5 stars are because it thought the chutney was more sour than sweet so I did not use that for my samosas (not that they needed it anyway) and the Biryoni had too many clove pieces. The Chicken Tikka was definitely my favorite. 
I personally think they should get rid of the giant banner out front because it gives off a cheaper low quality vibe that may hurt business. It's definitely a high quality restaurant that deserves to be packed out on a Friday night.
Bring your friends or go on a date sometime! I hope Ateethi gets the business it deserves. We will be returning to try much more on the menu!Great taste and quality..had a delicious mendu vada after a long time..All the items we had (mendu vada, alu tikki, uttapam, paneer biryani ) had authentic taste..i will highly recommend this restaurant..Hubby & I headed over here on the coldest night in Feb. We were THAT hungry & wanted a warm satisfying meal. First, the atmosphere is not very inviting @ all. It's cold & no frills & reminded us of a hall one would rent for a graduation party, only without the decor. That said, our server (the only one that night), was very friendly & prompt. We ordered the bread basket which was some of the best Naan I've had. For appetizer we had the fried veggie dish which consisted of samosas & other veggie/potato goodies. I was very impressed with how crunchy & oil-free everything was. For dinner we ordered the lamb shank, which was a bit tough but the sauce was amazing. The chicken tikka masala was delicious as well. They really know what they're doing with their sauces. The chai was hot but too milky. We had the Payasam for dessert, which is a creamy rice & vermicelli pudding, with milk steeped cashews, so yum. We'll definitely be back to try more of the menu, as its huge. Prices are reasonable as well.by far one of the worst Indian restaurants in philly. 
First sit down buffet style restaurant you'd expect table cloth, plates and actual silverware but here you eat on bare tables, get plastic plates/forks/spoons. 
You get bottled water thats left out on a shelf for you to self serve. 
ask for a soda, get it in a glass w no ice. 
the food is subpar. No taste. Bland. And typically in most Indian buffets, naan is included and brought to you when you sit down...we had to ask for the naan half way through our meal. 
Awful place to eat. not worth getting a star or any rating. dont waste your time money or appetite on this restaurant.This restaurant is one of the best Indian restaurants in the northeast area. We ordered the Chili Shrimp, Samosas and Garlic Naan bread. It was so good and so flavorful. You can tell everything was made fresh except for the rice. The rice did taste as if it was cooked earlier but with the flavors from the chili shrimp, it didn't really make a difference. I'm sure you can ask for fresh rice but Basmati already has that al dente taste to it. Anyway the food was portioned nicely and seasoned to perfection. You can taste the fresh peppers they use and the fresh cardamon. I definitely recommend this place for take in or take out.Ateethi is the third indian store/management that has opened up in this location. My husband and I came here for lunch the other day, and we're not too impressed. We walked in and told the lady standing near the register we need a table for 2. The waiter then comes out and took us to our table, seated us and asked us what we would like to drink. Then went away. There were 2 other tables having lunch when we entered. We did not get a menu until the owner came around about 3 minutes later. We placed our orders: 2 mango lassies, one order of meat cutlet, 1 fish biryani,  and 1 chicken Tikka masala that came with rice. We didn't see the appetizer until 30 minutes had gone by and the mango lassi (a yogurt based drink) didn't come out until a few minutes before the app. They did bring complimentary banana chips to the table that I kept munching on, wondering where my food was. I think the place was overpriced. $5 for 2 pieces of cutlet and $15 for the fish biryani. The chicken tikka masala was lacking in flavor. My husband like his biryani but there were only tiny pieces of fish in the dish. 
The waiter did not come around to refill our water even though the place was empty, and he wasn't too sure about what spices/base was used in most of the dishes. I think this place needs to step up their game in getting waiters to know the food thats being served, especially since it's a new place in the northeast and you'll have cultures other than indian frequenting the place. The owner said they'll be starting a weekday buffet in the next week. I think we'll give the place another go for the buffet.I love Dosa and good Sambar! Ordered Masala Dosa with Sambar from here once and I was not happy at all.Purchased Onam dinner for 5 people, a week ago. Never had food that has been so bad in the continental US before. The dessert was made at least 4 days before, smelled of bad coconut/milk. It reeked a foul odor
I had the misfortune to call this guy who (apparently) is the owner. Couldn't call sooner, the place was closed for the guys sons wedding for a full week. 
The owner had the gonads to say that I'm lying and that the food he sells is "always fresh". With the internet, in this age; all foodies deserve better.
*PLEASE do not go to this place*..
there are many better places to eat really great Indian food in this city.This place is AWESOME!! The food is top notch and the best part no buffet during the week. This venue really does offer you a chance to come in and enjoy a variety of dishes from Northern and Southern parts of India! 
Your palate will be thanking you kindly for the deliciousness from the food. Also, spiciness can be altered to your liking. Besides the food, there is one other factor. The outstanding service provided by our host Jeffy was by far nothing short of amazing!Garlic naan - good! 
Lamb - great! 
Chicken tikka - even better!
Went there for dinner on a Sunday evening. Had great service, in a comfortable atmosphere, with delicious food! As a foodie - this place hit the spot, esp when you end your meal with a mango lassi!Ateethi is on my top ten when it comes to Indian cuisine.
 I went there for a quick bite on my birthday, it's a quite place with a pretty large seating area and awesome food. The meal my boyfriend and I ordered was the chicken tikka masala and it was delicious, although the masala could of had more spice I was very pleased with the amount I received especially for the price which is about 8.00$. With the masala we got samosas and naan for the both of us which came up to about 26$! A meal for 2 for under 30$ and it was good and authentic? To me that was a steal. The only down side to my experience at Ateethi was when you walk into the restaurant there is no one waiting at the front to seat you or for you to give your order to for take out. My boyfriend and I waited a good 5 minutes for the man to ask us what we wanted just for him to walk away and tell us to hold on, but other than that I will definitely go back to get a great meal.We have been getting food from Ateethi for a while now. Some of their food is pretty good, should try their chicken biriyani. 
But dine-in is very lackluster. I have been to the dine in more than a couple times and each time worse than the previous. The last time I was there about  a week ago, the food was dull, the tables had no table cloth and disposable plates and it was  dark. One of the guests had to request to have the lights turned on. There was absolutely no ambience and uncomfortably awkward. Please pick up your game.My daughter and I stopped in for dinner tonight it was on the way to get my wife from work so we gave them a try. I would only give them 2 1/2 stars but the app only allows you to give a full star so they get three. So let me explain why 2 1/2 stars. I don't want to slam the place but when I go out to eat there are certain things that i expect when dining out good service and your meal to be served the way you order it which was not the case tonight. Our waiter was soft spoken to the point where you could not understand what he was saying so if the place would have been busy (there was a party of 4 in a private seating area and a couple 3 tables away) at the time it would have been impossible to order our meal. Our waiter was also inexperienced about the food on the menu so when questions were asked about what was in the dish we had to wait for someone who knew and then she took the order. Now I ordered the spicy chicken wings as an app and curried goat and was asked how I wanted it and i ordered spicy. The wings were brought to the table and looked great but when I went to eat them the first piece I bit into was raw and ice cold in the center not my idea of good eats. So when the waiter finally came out of where he was hiding I brought it to his attention he apologized to me and replaced them with another order and I guess it was the manager came over to see what the problem was and she took the wings off the bill which was nice. Then my curried goat was brought out it was good but not spicy. I would have expected some mistakes if they were busy but this wasn't the case. They need to do a little work on service and the kitchen should be turning out properly cooked food for not being busy. I would have no problem giving a four or five star rating but they just didn't earn them and as I said I don't want to slam them. I would probably go to the other Indian restaurant I frequent than give them a second chance but this was my experience many yours will be better if you choose to try them.We arrived at 6:40 on a Saturday night in springtime. Music was playing, tables were set, but no one was there. An employee came out and asked if he could help us. We asked for a table for two. He said, "We don't open." We thanked him and left.Sorry Yelp but you steered us way wrong on this restaurant. 
This was the absolute worst Indian food we have ever had. The restaurant is way understaffed, many tables are left with dirty dishes piled up from the buffet. The food at the Buffet was horrible some foods were only filled with Curry sauce and no meats. The Gulab Jamun had the spoon floating in the syrup.....Imagine how many hands touched that handle now floating in the food.
As for spice, they only spice this place uses is salt. Everything was drowned in salt and really dry. Also the Tandoori chicken was floating in Grease. They also had some weird Beef dish??? What real Indian restaurant serves Beef? I was also hoping for Spicy as in Heat which most south Indian cooking calls for.....Forget it, there are no hot peppers in anything being cooked here. 
Seriously, don't waste your time money or calories eating here.Never order delivery from them.  They took over an hour. When I called them, they were extremely rude and said it was my responsibility to call the driver. I paid over $20 for delivery and they did nothing. Crappy service means crappy food. No thanksCan I give it a 0. Was excited to eat here due to the reviews, but after my boyfriend saw a cat walk out of the kitchen, we left in a hurry. So disappointed. How do you have a cat walking around in a food 
establishment? Next call, health department.Great food! Large quantity! Wonderful quality! Perfect price! The place is clean and service is very friendly. I made a point to stop for the $8.99 lunch special. I wanted to go yesterday, but it was Tuesday and they are closed. I have tried Indian food down town, jersey, three northeast places and a place in Bensalem. This definitely ties for the top on quality and flavor of food but is even better price wise. The naan was fresh and warm! The soup was delicious! I never has the pickles, which came with the lunch special. It's not a pickle its a spicy flavor explosion that just makes you keep eating it. The vegetarian dish was mouth watering. (Can't remember the name) I ordered the banana honey Drink but they didn't have all the ingredient so I opted for the mango lassa. It was thick and filling on its own. I loved how fresh it was and it was so think it coated the glad as I drank it. I can't wait to try more and will definitely be back. I can't imagine why someone would complain about the food. You can tell it is fresh and made with love. I did hear a microwave. But seriously, Indian food takes a long time to prepare and cook. Look up some recipes. Even if one item was warmed, it was still homemade and all the food gave the impression it was personally prepared. Like sitting at someone dinner table. 
The place was quiet and only one Indian family came in right before I was leaving. I loved the decor. I'm so happy I finally tried this place and even happier I love so close by.Ateethi had pretty yummy food. Appetizers and tikka masala were pretty good. It's difficult because I've had some really amazing Indian food. Overall, a good experience and it is decent Indian.Is this place new? Wasnt open last week. Went in at 5pm door was locked but people inside? Asked for a menu and they said they don't have takeout menus. What restaursnt doesn't have a take out menu? I mean come on. So I looked at the menu that was on the counter. It had writing and scribble all over of things I guess they don't have but apparently the just opened? Doesn't make any sense.  I ordered and then she told me after I ordered that it would be over an hour? Seriously? Theres 2 people in the place and the order is going to take an hour? I'll pass. Good luck.If i could put a zero here i would. I'm gonna guess the owner of this restaurant sent me this hateful message. The restaurant doesn't deserve anyone's business. Nice Job Ateethi.
6/26/2018, 11:06 AM
Sofia S.
Sofia S.
You're an idiot for saying what real restaurant uses beef?  first of all are you even Indian or Pakistani to know what our food is? How it's supposed to be cooked or taste or even know all our dishes???????? No. We use beef, chicken, some use goat, and lamb. And nowadays a lot of restaurants are incorporating seafood. So have your research together next time dumbass.Excellent flavorful food! The lunch buffet has multiple yummy options for everyone including tons of vegetarian options. I have also done take-out from the restaurant and it is delicious even at home! Nice employees- overall great place.Been here twice now and the food is definitely worth your time.  Naan was delicious, curry was amazing, and the chicken was cooked very well. Will be coming back for sure. One request, that a menu be added to Yelp. Would make things much easier for customers ordering and picking up.  Food enthusiasts give this place a try.
that was my original review. I have been going to ateethi at least twice a month for over a year. last few months however the quality has just gone horribly down hill. they must have a new owner or a new chef that are trying to cut costs. the last month or so the rice has been plain white rice not basamati rice. there is literally a Indian market next door!! the chicken is frequently dry and portions sizes are very decreased. what a shame I really did love going to this place. not anymore sadly.Was in the area and decided to try this place as I love good Indian food. I was pleasantly surprised. The food was pretty darn good. I ordered the Chana Masala and the Veg samosa's. Very flavorful and not too spicy. The perfect amount of seasonings.