Have to describe my most recent experience here as overly disappointing. Came on a Philly summer Friday night and told a 20 minute wait for an outdoor table. This ballooned into 45 minutes due to lingerers so not the hosts fault but he could have been apologetic as he watched us sitting on the bench outside patiently waiting.
Nonetheless a solid meal could have redeemed this start but throughout the meal I was left feeling underwhelmed. The salmon grilled flatbread was a true disaster. The fish was not fresh at all and the matzo-ish bread was burnt which killed any chance to enjoy the hummus. Luckily the mussels were as delicious as I remembered from my last experience although trying to get extra bread from the waiter was a job in itself. For an entree I went with the pork chop which I am a big fan of and it was a solid piece of meat but really was skimpy on the apple butter which is  my favorite part of the bite.
With so many great BYOBs in the city this experience definitely took Audrey down a few notches and out of my goto rotation for the immediate future. This is a great neighborhood spot so hoping it was just an off night, such a shame.This place is definitely delicious and had some fantastic items on their menu including the mussels (the broth was just EVERYTHING). 
I like that it is small and attempts the cozy feel, but I was having trouble being cozy as it was CRAMMED. I felt like I was sitting on top of the tables on either side of me and it was just really difficult to get comfortable. 
BYOB is the way to go and that's the best part because it's usually the drinks that really weigh a dinner check down. I had a great time here but it only gets 4 stars because I felt like I was eating dinner with everyone as opposed to just being there with my bf. Too crammed.. maybe take out some tables?Have been here a few times and I have nothing but good things to say about Audrey Claire. First off, the waiters/waitresses are super knowledgeable and personable. The food is also awesome and not too pricey. My personal favorites are the sprouts with shaved parmesan as an appetizer and the pork chop as an entree. I also like the fact it is BYOB.Service was incredible! And the food amazing. I read previous reviews and decided to order few dishes for myself and the price was very comfortable for the quality of food.Pros, it's an intimate setting to share with friends, as well as getting a peek into their open kitchen. Cons, it is rather noisy and the food, while all were presented well, not all were seasoned equally so.We have been coming to Audrey Claire for years and have always enjoyed it. We visited last night for the first time in several months and the first time since new ownership took over. We were not impressed. Some of the best items that have been menu staples for a decade are gone (Mediterranean dips, rack of lamb) and other items have clearly taken a slide in quality as some sort of cost cutting measure. 
My boyfriend ordered the pork chop, which was previously a duroc pork chop about 2 inches thick. The duroc has been removed from the menu and replaced with some sad little imposter that was dry and flavorless. I ordered the short ribs, which I don't think I've ever done before. What I got was a plate of stew that had likely been cooked in a crockpot. The vegetables were obviously frozen and from a bag and the short rib was doused in some version of south Philly red gravy. Not appealing. 
We will return and hope this was just an off night, but because of the new ownership, we fear this may be the way of the future.this is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in philly.  not only is the food delicious, the ambiance is also super pleasant, not to mention it is also BYOB with a beer store right across the street (talking about convenience!).
i've tried many dishes here and the food just never disappoints.  the flat breads here are just amazing, especially the pear with sunflower seeds one (this is a MUST! and i melt every time i take my first bite of it) and the braised short rib one.  the brussel sprouts, the butternut squash risotto, and the tiger shrimp with baby arugula salad are delicious.  the brisket entree was so juicy and tender.  if you like mussels, you can get an order of (2-lb) mussels, which can be easily split for 4 people as appetizer, or, in my case, have it all to yourself.
the place itself isn't big, but it's got great ambiance - very open, high ceilings, and bright (white walls with sunflowers as decor).  they have an outdoor seating area that is open during the warm seasons, which makes the dining experience even better.
2 things to note, the place does get LOUD especially during dinner hours, and it's CASH only.  other than that, enjoy!The first of many reviews I will give for Philadelphia area restaurants. Having read reviews of Audrey Claire on Yelp.com I decided to finally make my way to the restaurant. Living 5 minutes outside of center city I have to drive to the restaurant which ended up being very inconvenient. I drove around for 20 minutes trying to find parking. If you live in center city it is ideal to take a taxi to the restaurant. 
The area is by Rittenhouse Square and is very lively. There are a ton of restaurants within that block. Our party of three ended up getting to the restaurant at 10:40. The dreaded late night customer! The server who handled us couldn't have been more gracious. She sat us and did not rush our table nor give us any attitude while we ate.
The interior is very simplistic. The walls are painted with very light tones with fantastic lighting throughout. The kitchen is open for all to see which always makes for a pleasant dining experience. The aromas of the kitchen open and extend throughout the restaurant.
The crowd seems to be 20-30s crowd all well dressed and attractive. There is enough space in the restaurant that sounds do not seem to echo so you can have a nice conversation without having to scream to hear the persons at your table.
The servers dress was very casual. Our server was wearing some cut up jeans and a sleeveless undershirt. She was fairly knowledgeable with the menu with the questions we had.
We were a bit rushed with ordering and the presentations of our appetizers and entrees but as is to be expected since we go to the restaurant 20 minutes before the kitchen was closing. I normally like to have a 5-10 minute breathing period between appetizers and entrees. It allows the customer to talk about what they just ate and to digest their food in anticipation for the entree. There was no wait period as soon as we finished our appetizers the entrees were presented. Some people may like this but I do not.
Before appetizers are brought out we were given a basket of warm pita bread with oil for dipping. I always prefer oil to butter. It is healthier and tastier in my opinion. The oil was VERY mild and had almost no flavor. Perhaps some spices could improve the dipping sauce.
For appetizers as a table we ordered the grilled flat bread spicy hummus, smoked salmon and mesclun w/ tahina vinaigrette. A lot of times anything that includes smoked salmon has trouble competing with the overpowering flavor and taste of the salmon. Not the case here the hummus blended perfectly and the mesclun and vinaigrette was very mild and was a nice touch.
We also ordered the Mediterranean spreads. You have a choice of seven spreads. We chose the spicy hummus, sun dried tomato & garlic and the baba ghanoush. All were good but nothing amazing and not in the same ballpark as some Mediterranean restaurants ive been to when comparing the two. It also came with pita bread. I recommend the sun dried tomato of the three.
For entree I ordered the potato crushed ahi tuna topped with crispy beet shavings. The potato was very mild but the tuna was cooked perfectly. I had mine medium rare. It was not the BEST I ever had, but it was damn close. Perfectly done.
We skipped on the dessert as it was almost midnight and the servers were beginning to clean up. We were not rushed nor did we receive any of the dreaded "hurry up" stares from any of the servers. We enjoyed our wine without any rush and ended up leaving at about 12:15.
Overall I would give the restaurant a 3.5. I think the hype the restaurant received was a bit of a letdown, but given the time we entered the restaurant could have played a part in the delivery of services. I don't see myself going there again for dinner for awhile, but find it to be ideal to go to for lunch or a sunday brunch. Especially in the spring and summer when it is warm out with their outdoor seating.
If you want a great meal with no frills attached I suggest Audrey Claire. The attention is solely on the food and this is why the restaurant works!This is one of my all time favorite restaurants, serving some of the best meals I've ever had. Everything is fresh, flavorful and simply delicious.
For one of my many visits, I came for a birthday celebration with a party of 12 and they accommodated us well with a prix fixe menu featuring family-style appetizers and desserts. We didn't feel rushed and everything was just as good as when you order off the normal menu. All in all, it was a great night out.Audrey Claire is a hidden gem! I came here on a Sunday night with a couple of friends and the food was incredible. We ordered the antipasti, which I highly recommend, the pear flatbread and bread pudding for dessert. Everything tasted fresh and the service was quick. Since it's a small place, I recommend going early and definitely trying the antipasti if you want a healthy way to start your dinner.Lovely little neighborhood feeling BYOB.  While the prawns that I had were fantastic the waiter gave us a lot of lip.  I was there with a party of three and we each had a twenty so we asked for individual change because we were splitting the bill.  Rather than being gracious about it he complained before making it happen.  Made it feel like we were burdening him.  Pretty sad because we really enjoyed our meal.Adorable little restaurant. It is normally pretty crowded so we went during the week and made a reservation. The short rib and portobello flatbread was delicious. The salmon was also a great choice. It gets pretty loud in there if there are big groups. The waiter was very attentive. Overall was a great experienceI just love Audrey Claire. I think its safe to say that it is my favorite BYOB restaurant in the city. I've many wonderful, memorable meals over the years. Getting seated on a Fri. or Sat. is always a wait, but its always worth it. Generally though, its rarely longer than 30 minutes for a small party. 
Food-wise I ADORE the pear gorgonzola flatbread, the mussels, seared brussel sprouts and the sole. All regulars on the menu and never fail to leave you happy and stuffed. The portions are quite large, but its so hard to stop...too delicious. The only only tiny thing I dislike is the large couscous salad thing that appears as a side. Its horrible and chewy and boring. 
Our most recent waiter was awesome. He made sure to help clear the empty wine bottles promptly (we had a large, boozy group) and put up with our annoying requests for group photos. Thanks...very much appreciated.
The service is very good, the food is SOOOO yummy and the location is perfect. LOVE.A nice Saturday evening out: knowing they don't take reservations and a table of more than 2 is generally harder to seat quickly, we made sure to come a little early and were actually the second table filled (an hour later there was a small crowd waiting at the door). I appreciated both the simple decor and the large windows, which (thankfully) seemed airtight in the February night!
The bread (made in house) was delightful: soft and with a nice flavor all on its own. The traditional olive oil/balsamic vinegar/herb combination actually detracted from the bread, as it was over the edge of bitter (and I like tonic water straight!).
The trio of mediterranean spreads was lovely: white bean-tuna, spicy hummus, and pumpkin hummus, which were served with pita bread and some cucumber pieces. Spicy hummus was my favorite, though not of the consistency I associate with Zahav and Dizengoff.
Greatly enjoyed the pappardelle with portobello mushrooms, sautéed arugula, toasted sunflower seeds and shaved locatelli. I think (didn't inquire) the pappardelle's made in house: it was spot on in consistency. The sunflower seeds were a nice (unusual!) addition, bringing another layer of texture to the dish.
We finished the night sharing some chocolate cake with whipped cream, which moist and flavorful.
Next time I definitely want to try a flatbread (a neighboring table were enjoying one and I was intrigued!).
PS. Don't forget, it's BYOB!Second time here. Called in for a reservation at the chef's bar and was seated instantly while others were standing for regular seating. There's a beer market across the street; nearest wine is btwn 20&21 on market. 
Ordered the shallot crusted lemon sole ($21) and the penne pasta with tiger shrimp ($22). The pasta was whatever, I prefer the pappardelle over it. But the shrimp in it wAs big. The lemon sole though was AMAZING. the crust was perfect and the fish was so tender and soft. The flavor was great too. Would highly recommend it. 
Also added a creme brûlée ($6$ at the end of dinner. It was bad. The top was freshly torched (saw the waiter do it since we sat at the chef bar) but the bottom of it was cold. Wouldn't recommendA true dining experience. Located in the quaint but happening Rittenhouse, this restaurant fits the neighborhood. Although very small and you may have to wait, the food is well worth it and the staff make your dining experience unforgettable. Fresh, flavorful foods, we ordered a variety of dishes and every single one was exceptional. 
We ordered the grilled octopus and it was the best I've ever had. Chicken Milanese was also outstanding. Grilled artichoke will knock your socks off.
BYOB. Highly recommend.I'm pretty torn about Audrey Claire. It's a fun, trendy atmosphere and I've had some great meals here. But I've also had some thoroughly "meh" dinners here that didn't merit the price tag by any stretch of the imagination. And it always has a long wait.This was our third visit to Audrey Claire since we discovered it, about six weeks ago. This time we brought my in-laws, who are from NYC. Once again this little restaurant did not disappoint. Each one of us absolutely loved our selections! The food was delectable and the service was top-notch. Incidentally, the Brussels sprouts are about the best that I've ever had. Mmm mmm mmm!Amazing! I had heard great reviews from friends but I finally got to try it out tonight. I met a fried around 7, she was a little late but they sat me at the last table outside even though she wasn't present yet (great move). By the time she arrived the waitress had opened our wine (don't forget it is byo and cash only!). This friend I hadn't seen in a few weeks so we were really busy talking. The service would have been called a little slow if we were looking to get out in a reasonable amount of time but tonight we were enjoying a relaxing dinner with no where to go. 
We split the short rib flatbread that was delicious! We later noticed that other tables received bread while we were not served any. This didn't kill the evening but if we had been with our significant others this would have been an issue. 
She had the chicken and I the duck. Both were amazing! We will be back with friends for sure!My daughter and I went to Audrey Claire's last night and we were expecting to have a long wait. We were so thrilled to be seated immediately inside at the window table. The service was exceptional! In fact, shortly after we ordered we saw someone from a different table receive mussels and wished that we had ordered them as well. After some discussion I found our waiter and asked if we could switch one of our apps to the mussels; he was incredibly accommodating and assured us that it was no problem. They were very juicy and the broth had a great kick - delicious sopped up with their crusty bread. We were able to order a second small loaf but overheard another person ask for bread and noticed that they were dismayed to hear that the restaurant had run out of bread. The hummus trio was very good (esp the spicy hummus and avocado hummus.)  By the time our salmon arrived, we were not the least bit hungry so we had them box it up. 
All in all, I would definitely recommend the restaurant and plan to return on my next trip to Philly!I dined here at the end of November with a girl friend who brought a few bottles of wine that she made and were just finished the fermentation process. We offered our waiter a taste, which he graciously accepted, and that is the only reason we found why he gave us a complimentary appetizer and two desserts. My review is more of a 4.5 than 4.
The complimentary dishes we received were the Brussels sprouts with shaved parmesan, homemade chocolate meltdown cake and the homemade berries and vanilla cake dish. Somehow, that was my first experience with Brussels sprouts and I am absolutely hooked! The blend of vinaigrette and parmesan is incredible. The chocolate cake was beyond decadent and I did not get to taste the second dessert as I am allergic to strawberries.
For my main course I had the maple brine pork chop with wild boar bacon, candied dates and gorgonzola-granny smith apple butter and it was mouth wateringly delicious! The maple brine pork was absolutely outstanding. I would do back just for this dish. Sure, it is an extremely tight squeeze but the coziness and the fact that it is always busy just serves as a uniqueness factor for them, and to me it works!Cute BYOB right off of Rittenhouse square. It's usually pretty crowded and for good reason, the Mediterranean inspired cuisine is original and delicious. The menu is seasonal using meats and vegetables that the chef thinks are most fresh during that particular season. The menu is divided into 4 parts: flat breads, antipasta, small dishes, and large dishes. The flat breads typically have some cheese and vegetables. They seem to be a big hit, but weren't my thing because I only like simple cheese (yes, all cheese lovers can cringe). The small dishes provide a nice variety and include some salads. I had the PEI mussels which were perfectly cooked and a generous portion. The large dishes are mostly meats/poultry/fish though I think there was a vegetarian one. Most come with a starch of some sort. I had chicken with pomegranite molasses which was amazing. Pefectly cooked. The salmon and lamb my friends had were excellent as well. Desserts must rotate pretty often because they are written on a chalk board nearby. We split blackberry-apple bread pudding which was outstanding. I pretty much wanted to try all of them. IIRC there was also pumpkin pie, vanilla risotto pudding, and a pot de creme. Definitely worth checking out and very reasonably priced. The only downside for me besides not loving the pita breads was that they don't take credit cards.The antipasti for 2 assortment was excellent - plentiful and tasty. Entrees were rather ordinary. The service was quite good, upbeat and pleasant.This is a charming restaurant in Rittenhouse Square that, while good, looks cuter than it actually is. We arrived at 6pm on a Friday night (no reservations on Friday and Saturday). There was ample seating and our order was taken quickly. However, the wait staff, while polite, paid us no special attention and forgot several requests for more water, vinaigrette, etc. Additionally the dining room was relatively small and noisy. 
The food was good - I had the Zuppe de Pesce which was fine, though a tad salty. It is byob, which is nice but common in Philly. 
Overall I had a nice time here but probably would consider it to be a bit overpriced- not worth it to come here on a regular basis.We've come to this little quaint restaurant so many times and cannot stop coming back. The food is always very delicious. We highly recommend the grilled flat bread and mussels for appetizers, pork chops and duck breast and ahi tuna are tasty main courses.I had a great time when I went here a few weeks ago. It was one of the many hot days this summer, so we chose to sit inside. I was very comfortable under the ceiling fans, and the large windows were open so we still had the feeling of sitting outside, but without the sun/heat. 
It was a little crowded and noisy, but that's what you get on a friday night at 7:30 at a popular restaurant. And actually, it wasn't so bad- I could pull my chair in and out unobstructed and there was nobody seated directly next to me. I could even carry on a conversation without yelling, so all things considered it was fine. The only thing that bothered me a little was the narrow aisle right next to me where the waiters/waitresses had to pass with large plates of food. 
My boyfriend and I split a spread plate to start. The warm pita bread was fantastic. We chose the babaganoush, tuna spread, and spicy hummus as our three spreads of choice. The babaganoush was only good in my opinion, but the other two were great (although the hummus could have been spicier- that's just my preference). For our entree we split the char with lentils. I hadn't had char before as far as I can remember, but it was a tasty fish. It was a good portion, too. The two of us left feeling pleasantly full (but not stuffed) despite splitting everything. 
The fact that this place is BYO is an added bonus.This is a great place and a philly byob classic.  When we walk past it we're always jealous of the people sitting at the tables with the green apples as a centerpiece, enjoying their pear and gorgonzola flatbread (a must-try).  Sit outside on a beautiful day and watch the philly natives go by.  And save room for the bread pudding.I am not a fan. The BYOB is great but the food is just average. Seating is limited and if you are on the sidewalk you get to enjoy people frequently walking by on top of your meal. I have been twice and can not say I am a fan.I had heard so many great things about Audrey Claire, which caused me to go in with maybe too high of expectations. I went during restaurant week and was impressed with the large selection of menu options, compared to other restaurant week menus. For an appetizer  I had the seared haloumi with candied dates and fig, which is basically fried cheese (hard not to love!). The dates and fig paired perfectly with the cheese. Pretty generous portion but it was too good to waste. My friend ordered the brussel sprouts, which were also delicious. Was never a fan of the vegetable but this definitely converted me. Then came the entree... I ordered the potato crusted ahi tuna. Unfortunately, the whole dish was extremely bland and forgettable. Similarly, my friend's salmon wasn't anything special either. For dessert we shared the chocolate cake and cranberry bread pudding. I wasn't a fan of the cake but I did enjoy the pudding. I really wanted to give the restaurant a higher rating; it had a great atmosphere, good service, and I love that it's BYOB. However, I couldn't get past the disappointment of the entree. May go back just for the haloumi... :)I was cautious about going here at first because of the reviews on bad service, but maybe I went on a good day. Service was good, not spectacular. The hostess seemed overwhelmed and the restaurant clearly needs to hire more staff. 
But, the most important part if this place is the food. We went for restaurant week and pretty much everything was delicious. The Tiger Shrimp appetizer was kind of bland, but the Brussel sprouts with Parmesan was delicious. My favorite dishes were the lemon sole and pork ribs. The mashed potatoes with the pork ribs was devine and the sole was juicy and soft. Dessert was wonderful as well. 
My only complaint is that it was very loud in the restaurant. I had to shout and lean in to speak to my dining partner. Otherwise, I had a very pleasant experience and would go there again.Such delicious food in a laid back atmosphere! I use to live across the street and loved going here for dinner. It's byob and they cork and chill (if needed) your wine (or beer). It's the perfect example of a simple neighborhood restaurant with beautifully crafted dishes. Obviously I'm a fan!! I wish they had a cook book for sale as we've moved away but I still crave their dishes. Octopus salad, wild boar, and pappardelle are my current favs.Very cute BYOB.  Who doesn't love a BYOB with good food.  Location and outside seating is very idyllic.  Service was very friendly and efficient.  Menu was classic and everything we tried was delicious- the charcuterie tray was a great option to try some of everything- great for the indecisive.  Mussels were some of the best I've had
In the city.  Salmon was simple, but delicious.  Plating is simple and classic.  Love the apple on each tableAudrey Claire is incredibly noisy, busy and the staff is underwater. Nevertheless, the food is outstanding and the grilled baby artichokes are the best appetizer on the planet. Pecan crusted tuna was perfect, mozzarella and bacon very tasty and everything else being served looked good as well. Now that there are tables on the sidewalk, you might get in without too long a wait.I was hesitant to make a reservation here but a friend wanted to try it since he was in the city.  Called ahead and made a reservation for 7 PM on a Thurs. night.  
Arrived to a pretty chaotic situation.  They were understaffed that night with only 3 waiters/waitresses.  Took a while to get our table and after we did get seated had to wait about 15 minutes for the waitress to take our order.  She did bring over a bottle of complementary mineral water though which was really nice.  Service the rest of the nice was pretty solid which largely was due to the waitress.  She flat out hustled to take care of the 6 tabletops she had.  Did a damn good job too given the circumstances.
If you don't like going to restaurants where other tables are right on top of you or loud restaurants, this place isn't for you.  It also isn't a place that I would bring more than a party of 4 either.  Mostly a younger crowd of people in the early/mid 20s but there were a few older couples also dining.  Generally a healthy vibe and minimal decor (refinished wood floor and tables with white decor).  It works.       
Since it is a BYOB and my friend brought a '06 Cakebread Cab from home which is always a good way to start a meal.  No corkage fee which is always a plus too.
Started off with the pear and Gorgonzola with sunflowers flatbread before cracking into the wine.  'Flatbread' is definitely one of those popular trends among urban bistros that will likely wane in a a year or two.  Basically, it is a small Neapolitan pizza with plenty of creative license on ingredients.  It was good but a little too crispy on the edges.  Stil decent.
The letdown was the main course.  I ordered the zuppa di pesce and my friend ordered the duck.  The zuppa wasn't bad although it was too bland.  Broth and the tomatoes make it or break it.  You need robust plum tomatoes and a good seafood stock. This didn't have either.  Plus a few of the mussels were gritty.  Friend's duck was overcooked a bit and too dry.  
It was bad.  It just wasn't very good either.   Zuppa was a real letdown because it was something one of my coworkers had recommended and it was a dish I grew up having alot of having Italian grandparents.  Maybe it was better in the summer with fresh plum tomatoes locally.  
Skipped desert and coffee.  Dishes were reasonably priced although I wouldn't say it was a cheaper bistro.  Zuppa was $19 and the duck was $25?  Just needed cash though we were knew in advance.  
Verdict:
- This is a place I would go back to but not for a main course nor in the winter time.  I would try it again in early summer or early fall.  Sit outside and almost treat it like a tapas restaurant sampling 3-4 small flats including an order of flatbread with a nice summer wine.Creative, but simple, fresh tasty food. The cuisine is French-ish, creative American, with a touch of Mediterranean. 
I got the wild-caught salmon with lentils and crisp green beans, preserved lemon.
my friend got the penne, simple and straightforward with some flavor and spice.
It is an intimate dining experience. You are dining with the entire restaurant. It is very loud but romantic in a way. I would dress nicer for this place, but that is always my philosophy. There's always the person with jeans and sneakers on to validate the lazy or the too-busy.Had a great time at Audrey Claire on a Wednesday night. I brought someone who must eat gluten-free and they were very well accommodated. 
I recommend sharing a bunch of things. We ordered the three dips which were awesome... a salad with figs that was OUTSTANDING and then two entrees, chicken and shrimp. Shared between three people it was perfect. 
We didn't bring wine but slummed it with beer from across the street. Classy.
The only thing I wouldn't recommend was the iced tea. It was very tasty but in a tiny glass that was not refilled for $2.50.Pretty interesting place. Went there on a Tuesday night with a friend. We tried different things but what I enjoyed the most was the duck. Delicious!! Must try!
One thing that I thought was funny is the fact that their wine glasses are so small, I guess because of the space they have they have to minimize as much as they can the space on their tables. We asked for "regular" wine glasses though.One of the early neighborhood restaurants to offer BYOB back in the day. It is a very lively and social place. I enjoyed the mussels and seafood here. I wouldn't sit outside though - it's just on a narrow sidewalk with quite a bit of pedestrian and auto traffic nearby.We had a great meal at Audrey Claire this evening. I've been wanting to try it, but have stayed away based on the fact that they don't do reservations on the weekend. Snuck in on a Sunday night. Grilled octopus was really good. My husband loved his duck entree. I would definitely go back to eat.Visited Audrey Claire for the first time last night, which was the last day of restaurant week. The space is intimate, but sparsely decorated. We were a group of 4, so had a bit of a wait, but the host couldn't have been friendlier. Once seated, our server was great too. The seared haloumi was amazing. I was disappointed with my pork chop though. The flavor was nothing special and the meat was tough; super difficult to cut! Dessert - banana bread pudding - was good, not great.Loved close to everything about this place. The decor was very festive. The crowd mostly consisted of young professionals, which in my book is a huge plus. I gave it 4 stars because my date's entrée wasn't quite as perfect, and though the chocolate cake I had for desert was pretty good, I have had much better.  
For the first course we got the Antipasti for two. Every sampler was great and just enough for both of us for the price. We also got a tomato bisque, though it was something my date ordered, the waiter brought us 2 spoons, trying to play cupid I assume. It was cute. However the tomato bisque I had at Audrey Claire has now probably ruined every other tomato bisque I will ever have. 
We got their specials for the day for our main course. I got the fish special, while my friend got the rib eye. The fish was cooked to perfection complete with a crispy skin :) The rib eye however was a little too fatty. 
Desert, we got chocolate cakes. They were pretty good, but I have definitely have had better.I wasn't impressed at all, but my friend loved the spot.  I felt the mussles were average -- her dishes tasted average; it just didn't resonate with me.  The quanitty wasn't the issue, because there were a lot of mussels -- it was just not that great (i.e. got to Monk's cafe for mussels!).  Overall, you won't ever find me back there again, but the service was great.BYOB. Food is amazing! I had the Sole and my brother had the lamb. Both were delicious. We did not have a reservation.If you visit my profile you will see I typically leave positive yelps, but this place might just be the most overrated restaurant in Philadelphia.  I've been to Audrey Claire twice and so far I am unimpressed.  We made a reservation 3 days in advance for four people to celebrate a special birthday.  We arrived on time for our reservation and they offered us the only table available which was right in front of the busy door where everyone crowds in waiting for a table.  It  was also 34 degrees out so this means we had a nice and chilly draft visiting the table every time the door opens.  The person in charge tells us we can take this terrible table, or wait 30 minutes for another.  Is this how you treat someone who made a reservation?  I don't think so.  Right behind us walked in three gentlemen.  They waited about 5 to 7 minutes and received a nice little WARM table away from the door.  From what I overheard they did not have a reservation.  This is just poor costumer service and poor planning.  Especially for a birthday dinner.  The waiter comes over and he is friendly, but it's so incredibly loud that he has to basically scream to us what the specials are just so we can hear him.  In fact, everyone at the table noted how loud it was so if you are looking for a quiet dinner this is not the place.  The menu sounded good enough, but to be honest the meals were mediocre  for "hype" the place receives.  It really was no better than some other restaurants I've been to where I 've received much better service.  The food wasn't bad, but this place is popular because it's trendy, looks cool and has a good location.  
They don't give their customers that warm and fuzzy feeling and they act like they are doing you a favor for giving you a crappy table.  If you are planning a special night, I don't recommend this place.  I hate to be so negative and if this was my first experience here I would give them the benefit of the doubt.  When I am this disappointed by a lack of customer service, I have to be honest and say something.
PS - No HEAT in the ladies room. Classy.This place is too noisy and the kitchen smoke takes the entire room. The food don't even get close to compensate for the bad ambiance. Oh, and they don't have proper wine glasses.I just visited Audrey Claire for the first time last night and had suuch a great time. Granted, it is currently restaurant week so the price was great and the amount of food was right on par for the price (ie: regular sized portions woo!!)
Highlight of the meal for me was definitely the appetizers and desserts although the entree was still quite good. 
Appetizers: Smoked Houlini is/was AMAZING. It was perfectly sweet with the drizzled honey but also salty. We also had the tiger prawns and those were also very tasty. with both appetizers, I hoped they would be bigger since they were so good but alas and appetizer is an appetizer. 
Entree: Pork chop with asparagus and mashed potatoes. The mashed potatoes were sooooo good. They're the very starchy kind of mashed potatoes that keep to the potatoey taste. Yet there was still a good amount of butter and salt in there. Asparagus wasn't amazing but it wasn't bad either... Only small issue i had with this dish was the pork chop. It was a little dry for my liking but the flavor was all there. Nicely seasoned. 
Dessert: Banana bread pudding was DELICIOUS. I dont particularly like bread pudding but this was soooo good. It was served with fresh whipped cream I think and a toffee/ caramel sauce. mmmmm. We also had the chocolate cake which is served warm with chocolate sauce and vanilla ice cream. Both desserts you can't really go wrong with. 
Overall, i really liked the food and the atmosphere. Definitely coming back.So,  this place has been here forever, ownership has brought us the wonderful 20 Manning and Cook. I went here this Saturday, not knowing it was restaurant week, that was my first mistake. I should've left when I learned this,  but I gave them a shot. Bad mistake. The dining room crowd resembled the Penn student cafeteria. So, I understand the servers crappy attitude, because they were probably getting stiffed all night. I'm a mature looking guy, some say distinguished looking. My wife looks considerably younger(good husband brownie points). So,  we definitely should've been a sight for sore eyes for our server. Instead,  a rumpled, grouchy, balding and sour young man, only identified as "L" on the hand written check,( they only accept cash),  showed up like his girlfriend just broke up with him and his cat died. Horrible personality and demeanor.  He should NOT be in hospitality!!!! He let us sit there for over 15 minutes before opening our wine and another 15 minutes before taking our order. We pleased and thanked him to death and he just became more unprofessional and rude. If I wasn't with my wife I would've definitely had told him what a rude jackass he is. We finished our meals and sat with dirty dishes for another 10 minutes. Hey L have you ever heard of pre-bussing? He wrapped my wife's leftovers but left a dirty plate in front of me,  so I placed it on the unbussed table next to me,  as a not so subtle hint for L to do his job. Now,  fully exasperated, I asked a delightful young female server if there's was a manager on duty. It was obvious there was not a manager present. She told me they "self-manage"!!!! Holy Crap!!!! A cash business with no management present!!! No wonder it sucks so hard!!! How much do you think the staff steals from the owners?Had dinner here after a show at the Art Alliance on 18th St.
We all thought the food was wonderful. Really good. 
What was off putting was the noise level. They could really use some rugs or IKEA carpet tiles and perhaps drapes or curtains, something to absorb the noise. 
It was so bad we really could hardly hear each other. 
The walls were also bare, crying out for something to fill the large empty space. This would be a perfect venue for emerging artists to display their paintings or better yet, weavings. There is an Art School only four blocks away.
Other than that, a great place.Really clean, fresh delicious food. 
We started out with an order of mussels (it's a huge order, fyi), grilled artichokes, and mozzarella with pancheta. All were fantastic and flavorful without being overwhelming. Our entrees included the potato crusted tuna (seared to perfection with that crispy crust), penne with tiger shrimp, and sole. The sole fillet was different from what I'm used to, this was much thicker than a typical sole, which did cause a problem. While the thinner portion of the fillet was incredible, the thicker portion was a little undercooked and chewy, but not to the point that it hurts this review. Each fish dish was served with fresh green beans and a grain. For dessert, warm chocolate cake did the trick. It was the most incredible dessert, but certainly passed the chocolate test.
Oh, and don't forget that this place is BYOB! And they don't take reservations on Fridays or Saturdays.Best caesar salad you will ever have.  The chefs here said, "screw shredded lettuce" and just opted for the whole head of romaine, char-grilled and smothered in the best damn caesar dressing/parmesan topping you will ever have.
Went for a late, late 10:30 restaurant week dinner on a Friday night and everything from the amazing flatbread app with sunflower seeds, apples, and melty gorgonzola to the buttery pappardelle with more sunflower seeds and mushroom/spinachy goodness was fresh, organic, and made with love.
After a couple nice helpings of bread dipped in oil combined with the hearty apps, entrees, and two bottles of wine, we were beyond stuffed when our delicious dessert of caramel-heavy bread pudding finally came out at midnight.  Despite not being able to move I put a dent in it cause it was just that damn tasty.
The $35 a person was definitely worth it  though I'm not sure how high the bill would have been had it not been restaurant week.  Perhaps dessert really wasn't necessary cause the appetizers and entrees are pretty sizable.
I knocked it down a star due to the small space, lack of seating available, not taking reservations, and being cash only.I have always passed by Audrey Claire's numerous times and always wanted to try it. What always attracted me was the outdoor seating with a granny smith green apple used as a center piece- hm, cute, simple, and unique. The atmosphere holds a simplistic raw flair-- where the waiters and waitresses wear white cotton tees, and the flower decors are real & fresh!  It's an adorable little restaurant cafe with an open kitchen that puts on a good show for those who can see it.  
The food is (really) awesome, but the ONLY reason it lost stars is because I felt quite claustrophobic. It's..... tiny.  The waitress had to squeeze through to get our orders which made me feel a little uncomfortable watching.  I went with one other friend, and I was sitting literally back to back to the group behind me. I was shoulder to shoulder to the couple on a date next to me where I can easily listen in on their conversation and possibly could have mistaken my water for their white wine glass (Mmmm!!). 
Nonetheless, my experience here was awesome!! I'm definitely going again.  It's very quaint~ and marked with elegance where I felt like I had escaped to some countryside cafe in Europe.  I wish I had brought some wine with me-- which I'll bring for my next visit now that I know it's BYOB! :) enjoy!!
Few tips:
1. Make sure to RSVP 
2. BRING CASH
3. Bring Your Own Beverage!
Things to eat:
1. Spicy hummus, smoked salmon & mesclun w/tahina vinaigrette
2. Maple brined pork chop w/ wild boar bacon, candied dates & gorgonzola-granny smith apple butter
3. Goat Cheese & Leek Tart on polentaGreat atmosphere and great food. I heard mixed reviews about this place for a long time but always wanted to visit. I have to say I was not disappointed.Just tried Audrey Claire about a week ago and it's definitely one of my new favorite BYOs! Walked in with a friend and we were seated right away & had a really nice waitress. The restaurant itself is very cute and was decorated with little paper cranes in the windows. We split the hummus dish - my friend is gluten free and they were very accommodating with giving us veggies along with the pita. We each also got the grilled octopus salad which was awesome, cooked just right! Everything was reasonably priced and you can't beat a good BYO. 100% will go back.Fresh, delicious- I really appreciate their style. Geared towards veggies & freshness- its a great byo date place.I ate at Audrey Claire last night with my daughter - on a March evening so rare and warm that we could enjoy our meal at a sidewalk table.
That was a good thing because the decibel level indoors exceeded that of a 1972 Led Zepplin concert from which my ears have yet to recover. Given a choice, the only reason to eat indoors would be that you don't care what your dining companions are saying. Given the conversations we overheard outdoors, that could be distinct possibility. Or, you might consider listening to your iPod while eating.
But enough grousing. We had wonderful food. My daughter ate a great bowl of pappardelle with grilled arugula and portobello mushrooms. Fortunately, she's not a big eater so I got to finish it off. I enjoyed two appetizers - a warm salted beet and yam salad, with goat cheese. The sweetness of the vegies, accented by the salt, was remarkable. I also had a portobello mushroom "tart" - layered polenta, ricotta, mushroom, goat cheese and grilled leeks. Fabulous, and I don't use the word lightly.
Attentive service set off an unexpected al fresco dinner. And I could hear every word my daughter spoke.I think I need to try this place again before I judge it. I think I was coming down with a cold when I went so to be fair I wasn't bringing my A game. 
None of the food "blew" my mind but perhaps the cold and my expectations were built up a bit?    The veggie app plate was tasty but kind of greasy.
I will go back again to give it another try....My boyfriend and I came here the other night for some late night small plates. It was a great date place. We came a little after ten and asked to be seated outside. Even though they apparently have a policy to not seat outside after ten, the staff was very accommodating and had no problem seating us out there.
First we ordered a flatbread. We couldn't decide between the pear/Gorgonzola and the special (fig/Gorgonzola). When we asked the waiter which he thought  was better, he suggested doing it half and half! Awesome! Both flavors were wonderful
We then had grilled portabellas. They weren't anything super unique or special. Just grilled mushrooms. But I will say that they were cooked perfectly.
We had the crab and apple terrine after that. It was very fresh tasting. My boyfriend loved it, but I'm not a huge seafood fan. I enjoyed the few bites I had of it, but I let him devour the rest.
We also shared the dip platter. very good. The tzatziki sauce was awesome.
Dessert was wonderful as well. Banana bread pudding with fresh whipped cream. yummmm
Plus it's a BYOB!No, there's a ton of hype on this place. The place looks like it should be making the hippest tastiest food in town. And the menu makes everything look incredible in the way it describes the dishes. But unfortunately, it's really not all that. I went with B and we had four bland, poorly prepared, misidentified dishes that the waiter strongly recommended. We kept wondering if we had ordered the wrong things, but four for four is a pretty good indicator. The lamb that B got that claimed to be "encrusted" was actually fried in breadcrumbs. My pork that claimed to be "maple glazed" was brushed on the top with a glaze but had zero flavor underneath the surface of it. The brussels sprouts were big and undercooked. Feh.
When we got there, it was less than one third full but the server put us at the "chef's counter" because we didn't have reservations. We left an hour later and it was still half full. Thanks a lot :p The service was otherwise very good--nice and positive waiter.
A cash-only BYOB? Already a warning sign.
The place across the street (where 20 Manning used to be) is perfectly fine. Go there. Audrey Claire is loud, uncomfortable, and not worth the time or wait.We dined at Audrey Claire this evening to celebrate a family milestone. The restaurant deserves greater than five stars! Our meal was superb! We shared the grilled octopus, which was amazing! Entrees included Arctic Char, Chicken Milanese, and the Monk fish special. Each entree was outstanding! The service was excellent, the room comfortable, and the overall atmosphere was inspiring! And, we shared the blueberry cobbler which was the perfect dessert to cap off our dinner. I can't wait to return!!!brussel sprouts rocked. great salad. cute little place.I've been here before and went back again last night--the food was very good, as usual. Two people got the zuppa di pesce, a seafood stew. Some places skimp on the seafood; this was not one of them (and for a very reasonable price, too). Huge bowls loaded with a whole variety of seafood, and plenty of broth for dipping with bread left over. Other things we ordered were the octopus salad, Brussels sprouts, and duck entree--also both tasty.
Only two negatives to comment on. First, while the Brussels sprouts were delicious, as they've been every time I've gone, it seemed like the portion size had been reduced (it's been a while since I last went, but even if not, the portion was still quite small). There were about 10 halves, and while they were huge Brussels sprouts, I'd still expect a bit more. It's not like they're expensive in any way.
Second, it was fairly loud. We were there around 7-8p on a Thursday. You could still hear across the table, but even being a small place, it was quite noisy. They were also playing music, not loudly, but seemed a bit odd, considering.
One last positive: we hadn't made a reservation and called around 6:30. There was a group coming in at 8, so they said we had to be finished before then, but I thought it was noteworthy that they were willing to squeeze us in.
Last thing to note: they only take cash, so make sure to bring some.
Overall: highly recommended.Audrey Claire is just charming!  It was the first visit for myself and two friends.  The food is amazing and our server was very attentive.  Try it, you'll love it!  Can't wait to go back.I adore this place.  It always has amazing service and the food is consistently amazing.  The first time I went was 2 years ago and of course it's a BYO.  We tried 2 fish dishes, one of which I remember was rainbow trout, (which changes every once in a while) and both were delicious.  The next time I went, I sat outside and the service and food were still great. The menu is seasonal but I always get the antipasto platter which has a ton of delicious selections.  I have never had such delicious brussel sprouts and have tried to replicate it at home but can't get it as awesome!  Also, I'm not a huge dessert person but their creme brulee and bread pudding are amazing.  They don't take reservations on weekends but just try to get there at a reasonable hour and not in a huge group, although I always see big groups there.  The kitchen is open so you can watch the chefs cook as you dine.  The lamb chops are also really yummy but I'm not a big lamb fan so I usually opt for one of their fish entrees, which they always have a few to select from.  They have amazing soup as well and the last time I went, we ordered the grilled whole fish which was delicious.  They always use the same sides for the fish dishes so maybe they should change that up a bit?  Their Prince Edward Island mussels are very yummy--sizeable portion with a very flavorful tomato based broth.
I think it's a great place to take a first date or somewhere to return with close friends.  I once went with a bottle of sparkling wine and just enjoyed the bottle and ordered dessert.  The restaurant was totally cool with that (given it was 9:30pm or so).  I really love this place!Went looking for Melagrano and stumbled across Audrey Claire. VERY LOUD inside as the outside tables had over an hour wait. Very pleasant menu and wait staff and service was very good. 
Ordered the brussell sprouts for an appetizer and were not cooked enough. had a hard time slicing them with a knife. The Trout with crab meat and spinach was good but a bit over salted. Would try again but wasn't overjoyed with first visit.I imagine Audrey Claire doesn't need another good review...just like it doesn't need color or wall-hangings in its space to make it feel homey.  But I'm going to rate it anyway...because even the most steadfast need a boost every once in a while.
I think I go here about once a year.  Their food is delicious...I'm usually never disappointed.  The last time, I had their mussels (of which I'm a connoisseur).  I believe they hail from Prince Edward Island, or somewhere in Northern Canada...don't quote me on this.  Regardless, they were ample and tender (I feel weird saying that...oh well) and the sauce was basic but good.  
As others have mentioned, the acoustics are kind of crappy.  It IS hard to hear others at your table when the place is full.  I think it's the ol' "talk-louder-because-others-are-talking-loudly" concept...and then everyone is yelling.  When the noise-level is at the endearing/quaint level, the place could probably be a backdrop to a movie...about food...which are my favorite (i.e. "Big Night").  
Lastly, I grade the waitstaff.  I believe they're knowledgable and friendly...not TOO friendly, which I like.  I've seen one of the current waitstaff rise through the ranks there.  He was a host before and now a competent waiter.  That really warms my heart.Love this place! 
Make reservations if you can (they don't take reservations Saturdays) but if you can't, come in early (7 at the latest) and you'll be able to beat the rush and increase your chances of getting seated without a reservation. 
Items we had that I would STRONGLY recommend:
- Seared brussel sprouts with shaved parm. The cheese practically melted on the brussel sprouts as we ate it. 
- Mediterranean spreads (pick 3). My two favorites are the spicy hummus and the sun-dried tomato. We also got the white-bean tuna for our 3rd choice, which was good, but nothing to rave home about. The spicy and sun-dried tomato, however, were ridiculously amazing. Best hummus I have ever had, and being a pescetarian, I have definitely had my share of hummus.
- Butternut squash risotto. If you order only one item at this restaurant, it should be this. I don't even have words to describe how amazing this was so I apologize for not being more helpful here, but I'm too busy dreaming about going back and eating more. Just order this and you'll see what I mean. 
- The lemon sole was AMAZING. Second best thing we had here the entire evening. Light and crispy on the outside but incredibly tender meat on the inside. It comes with a side of couscous which was really good also.
- The ahi tuna entree was good also. They give you really thick chunks of tuna, which I found pleasantly surprising since when I usually order ahi tuna, I find the slices a bit thin and always only get a few and am left wanting more. Not the case here. Very healthy portion, I almost didn't even finish. Although the ahi tuna was good, i have to say the lemon sole still blew it out of the water and would recommend ordering that instead.
We ended dinner with coffee and the vanilla creme brulee. My boyfriend loved the creme brulee (it comes topped with strawberry slices which I thought was a really nice touch) and I must say, it was one of the better creme brulees I've had, but nothing to rave home about. Good, but not extraordinary.
Would definitely come here again!Don't mistake this place for just another one of those teeny BYOBs in Rittenhouse Square - this spot is a gem! 
Cozy atmosphere is complemented by truly well-executed dishes. Though the appetizer was a bit small for three people to share (we literally each had two pieces of duck and two pieces of pasta), it was the most delicious amuse-bouche I've had in a long time. The salmon with latkes and salmon skin salad was perfectly done and a nice-sized portion at that. The chicken was also really tasty and juicy, which I've found is weirdly hard to find at most places.
Though we didn't do dessert, the tables to our right and left both had the hazelnut crepe with ice cream and it looked divine! Judging by our neighbors' mmm's and the fact that their plates were practically licked clean in two minutes flat, I can't imagine they didn't love it.
To top everything off, since it's BYOB, the check was shocking (in a good way). 
The only thing I feel I should warn about is that it's really tough to get a reservation, but well worth the wait.I really wanted to like this place. 
The food is creative and they mesh flavors well. We ordered their special for the evening (a NY Strip steak), lamb, and the grilled octopus. 
The octopus is great, but it's more of a salad which was unexpected. Maybe I just read it wrong? 
The steak may have been the worse steak I've ever had. Tough, fatty, and utterly bland. Looking back I shouldn't have ordered steak at this place but if it's on the menu it should be cooked well. My wife's lamb was bland but she did not complain. All the sides were fine. 
I will try this place again, just stay away from the red meat.Came on a Monday evening around 8. I had called ahead and they said there were reservations inside up till 9, and that there were seats available outside. When we got here(5 minutes after the call), there was a 40 minute wait for outside and instant seating for inside. It is louder inside but I ain't complaining about getting seated so quickly. 
Onto the food, we decided on the Lear and Gorgonzola flat bread based off all the good reviews on yelp. The flavor was definitely one of a kind. The mix of the sweet pear with the cheese. Glad we got it. 
The octopus salad and pappardelle  were recommended by a couple waiting with us. The salad was definitely something different. It was not chewy as I expected octopus to be. Really refreshing and light. 
Pappardelle had great flavor. The noodles were perfection and the mushrooms were delicious. I just didn't like out oily it felt on my lips. 
We were both really full so didn't get any dessert. Overall very pleasedI've tried for a really long time to "like" this restaurant. You know...they have apples, an appealing green color on the inside that says "Come on in"...I've thought about writing a review about how small the mediocre menu is and how tastless the food is but I've tried to hold out. Tonight I wanted to get a gift certificate for my friend for $50.00. I went in around 6:00pm. I was approached by a small man in a tight vest that I assume was the hostest (excuse me host) and he said: "I don't have time for that....as you can see." I asked if he was kidding. he WAS NOT. I asked again...he said no..and motioned toward the semi-full restaurant. I asked another waiter if I could speak to the manager, he said they were "self managed." Still not sure what that means. Anyway, I live literally across the street and that's the last time I'll even walk toward that restaurant. There's so many great places nearby....you don't have to give up your decency to go there. Make good decisions.It's a well known fact that I am notoriously picky. And the 4 stars Im giving Audrey Claire is not because I love the food so much. The menu and I have a pretty rocky relationship. It wants me to like it but the things it's offering are just a little too weird for my taste buds. However, I have had really good food here, even if it wasn't the most exciting thing on the menu. The 4 stars is for the service and attractiveness of the waiters. Here's the story: My best friend's family lives around the corner from AC and they are Sunday night regulars  so I've been here on multiple occasions. One visit, a waiter (who wasn't even serving our table) noticed that I was the only one not indulging in any appetizers and he brought me over a bowl of Mushroom soup hoping that even the pickiest of eaters would try and like it. I tried my friends, but only because he  was cute. I then passed the soup over to my friend's dad and just waited for my pasta dish to come out. 
But seriously, how attentive and nice is that?!  A complimentary bowl of soup (and the food is not cheap here)? Where else in the city would that happen??
 Also it's BYO which is always nice.I was leaning towards five stars, until a minor snafu at the end of our meal with the bill that I'm still not quite sure I understand. But more on that later. 
Audrey Claire is a cute, TINY little restaurant. I went at 8:00 on a Sunday night and the restaurant was full and loud. I can't imagine you could get in without a wait if you didn't have a reservation. It was easy to get a reservation, though - I called a few hours ahead, the person who answered the phone was very friendly and accommodating, and suggested that we would be seated more quickly if we came at 8:00 rather than 7:30. Although we were seated right in front of the doorway, it was not too cold (except for the 30 seconds it took people to leave!) and was very comfortable, especially considering how many people they fit in the space. 
The food was delicious. Given some of the other reviews, I was prepared to be underwhelmed - but I really enjoyed everything. We started by sharing the gorgonzola and pear flatbread. The portion is much larger than I was expecting, and the flavors complement one another very well. We also shared the grilled haloumi with figs, which was absolutely delicious - very simple, but full of flavor. For an an entree, I had "Bubbe's brisket" - which actually surpassed my own grandmother's! It literally fell apart at the touch of a fork, and was served with seasoned root vegetables and mashed potatoes. My dining companion tried the papardelle, and from the silence during the meal, I think she was quite happy, as well! She is vegetarian, and there were plenty of options for her on the menu. The dessert options sounded so good that we couldn't decide on just one, so we shared the lavender creme brulee and warm chocolate cake. The lavender flavor was very unusual - it had a somewhat strange aftertaste, but was definitely worth trying. The chocolate cake was simple but delicious. 
As I mentioned, the only reason Audrey Claire is not getting five stars is because we had some confusion over the bill. It is a shame, because overall the service was wonderful and attentive. Our bill came to $72, so we left (so we thought) $86 (they only take cash). Our waiter brought $4 in singles back to our table. We checked in with the waiter because we wanted to make sure he had gotten his full tip - we were not quite sure how the math worked out to leave us with $4. He told us that we had only left $65. I'm fairly certain we had left more than that, and definitely know that we left a five dollar bill and a single (although there is not a big difference between $65 and $66 ...) What we could not figure out is why, if we had not left enough to even cover the bill, they did not return all of the money to us and ask what had happened. We still can't figure out how you end up with our table getting $4 back, whether we had left $86 or $65. Long story short, we ended up leaving another $20 - service was excellent and we definitely did not want to deprive our waiter of a well-deserved tip, but I was left with a lingering feeling of confusion and concern that, somehow, we ended up spending $20 more than we owed.I finally came here for the first time on a Sunday night. Overall, had a good experience, but I wouldn't say it was outstanding, and didn't quite live up to the amazing things I've heard.
Whenever my boyfriend and I go out to dinner, I think we order too much food. This was the case again. To start, we got the Antipasti for Two. It was really big, and is the equivalent of at least two, maybe even three, usual appetizers. It was good to try everything, but it was a little overwhelming for me. The best parts were the brussels sprouts, asparagus, and beets. 
We decided to get 3 smaller dishes, and one big dish. This was too much for us to eat. For the small dishes, we got the Butternut Squash Risotto, the Grilled Octopus, and the Grilled Tiger Shrimp, and the Papperdelle big dish:
- Risotto: I really liked this, as I have never tasted risotto cooked with squash or anything of the sort. However, the flavor gets repetitive in your mouth, so definitely plan on sharing.
- Octopus: I only had a bite of this, so I can't say much - but it's more of a salad.
- Tiger Shrimp: I love shrimp, so I might be biased, but I really liked them. They are served on top of sweet potato so it was delicious.
- Pappardelle: I love Pappardelle, probably my favorite pasta. I liked how the pasta was light, but that also meant it was a little bland. Could have used some more spice/flavor, in my opinion.
The ambiance is intimate, and there isn't much to say besides that it has an open kitchen. It can get really crowded/cramped. The service was pretty good also, however they are cash only so beware of that. It is really nice that it is BYOB though, so you can come here on a date but bring your own choice of wine!I must say I'm impressed with my ability to choose restaurants during restaurant week.  I'm never disappointed! This was true with Audrey Claire.
Appetizer: I had the pear and Gorgonzola flat bread and it was amazing. AND HUGE! My friend had the arugula salad which was good but nothing extraordinary
Entrees: We chose the lemon sold and the ahi tuna and shared some of each. They were really good.  We even enjoyed the sides which included couscous and green beans.  
Dessert: My friend and I both agreed that dessert was the BEST part.  We had the bread pudding and the chocolate cake! YUMMM
We were way to full at the end but it was totally worth it.  And the BYOB status is a definite plus!amazing, amazing, amazing. from the moment we walked in and were greeted by an enthusiastic  fluffy haired guy we knew all the yelping about the bad service was not to be believed. yes, we had to wait an hr, but on a sat night with no reservation, thats short. and it flew bc we didnt have to stand there, we got a drink down the street and they called us. the food was incredible. the same fluffy haired guy was our server and he was amazing. on the top of his game. def order the seared haloumi w candied dates. for an app. omg omg omg. and then go for any large plate - they are all fantastic. and the cost wasnt crazy since its byob. def worth every penny.Disclaimer:  This star is purely based on the reservation process, and not the actual dining experience as I was not able to have one.  
This place has been on my list to try for a long time, and I was very excited when we planned to have my friend's surprise birthday dinner there.  Unfortunately this did not work out as they never logged our reservation for us.  We called a week in advance to make a reservation for 8 and as far as we knew things were taken care of.  We never got a confirmation and luckily called an hour beforehand to make sure everything was okay.  Needless to say, it wasn't, and we had to scramble last minute to find another table for 8.  I know people make mistakes, but it's frustrating that they don't take online reservations, and I felt like there was no accountability for this mistake.  I even emailed them the next day just to let them know what happened and that we were very disappointed, hoping to at least get an apology or something, but no one ever responded (this was a few months ago now).  
I'm sure I'll still end up eating there at some point, which may bump this review up, but for now my saltiness warrants only one star.Audrey Claire always delivers. Such a fantastic meal and great service. I'm so happy that this is a regular neighborhood spot.Charming, pretty little restaurant. Loved the outdoor seating on a warm May evening. Excellent service. Food came promptly. Tempting menu. Very good pear & gorgonzola flat bread. Execution slightly off for other dishes. Grilled octopus was tough with little flavor. Perfectly cooked spring pea risotto lacked depth of flavor. Arugula salad with warm figs and berries, very good except for some yellow leaves. Overall terrific experience, but attention to small food details and fine tuning seasoning will make it a keeper.We were in town visiting and came here on a friend's recommendation.  Audrey Claire is great!  The food, atmosphere, and service were all exceptional.Review is a bit delayed since I was there at the end of October, but glad I finally got a chance to see what Audrey Claire has to offer outside of Restaurant Week. We ordered mussels for the table and I went with the tuna as my main dish. The mussels were cooked in a tasty red sauce and were enough to share between 4 people. The tuna was nicely seared and served with crispy beets, couscous and green beans. I've tried beets since then and definitely prefer them crispy. Both times I've been here, the food has been good but not anything special.
Added bonus is that this place is byob.. there's a Food & Friends across the street if you forget to pick something up. Also worth noting is that it can get very loud inside.. the combination of big open space and high ceilings leaves you asking "what?" a lot.