i love this place! it has an immense amount of publications, chocolates, coffee and other cool stuff. a cute place to buy gifts.It's been so long since I last wandered into Avril 50. Years ago, when I was a regular, Jonathan, the owner, used to hook me up with fancy cloves. The thought of smoking cloves now gives me a stomach ache. Either way, if I couldn't get to the store before closing time, I'd ring him up and he'd hide a pack in the bushes for me. If that's not service, I don't know what is. 
The store is no different today than it was years ago, and Jonathan still maintains that foreign charm of his. His little shop is a European beatnik's refuge. I mean, you don't have to be European to be in his store, but if you have a foreign sensibility, you'll feel right at home. 
You can find everything from coffee to chocolate you've never seen before, international fashion magazines and communist press. Even though it's a pint-sized shop, you can get lost in there for hours.Adorable little shop packed with interesting magazines, artisan chocolates and candies, and a range of coffee to choose from.  The man behind the counter was welcoming and explained the different coffee choices when I asked what they were.  He had a dark roast, a medium roast, a flavored coffee, and I think a decaf.  I chose the medium roast.  it didn't exactly hit the spot in flavor notes, but it was not bad...it had a deep coffee flavor with woodsy notes and was not bitter like several I've tasted from other shops lately. I'm learning to appreciate just how hard it is to find a good cup of black coffee.I discovered Avril 50 only recently and it's quickly become my favorite coffee shop in University City. The quaint shop is hidden along the row of restaurants and shops on Sansom St, but inside you'll find magazines, vintage postcards, fancy European chocolates, cigars and coffee galore. 
John, the owner, is also a delightful conversationalist and makes a great iced latte with frozen coffee ice cubes (brilliant idea). There are no tables to sit at indoors, but on nice spring days I've passed afternoons sitting at the cute outdoor table with a friend. You'll definitely feel transported to hipster heaven.This place is so neat.  From the wide array of international magazines and newspapers, to the great selection of classy, specialty cigarettes, cigars, and tobacco, this place has it for you.  For those of you who are looking for the Black Italian Vogue issue, you better get it while it's hot.
It's easy to get lost in here, as the shop is tiny and it's decked from head to toe in all kinds of cards and publications.  You can even grab of cup of coffee with a hookah and sit outside on the patio .  The place is well stocked with different kinds of coffee beans, but I don't tend to get a cup of joe here, because all the coffees of the day are left on little burners which is a coffee snob faux pas.
Sit back, relax, and pretend you're in Paris for an hour or two.The coffee is the best in the area, the publications available are often difficult to find and mesmerizing, and the owner is lovely.  Definitely the place to stop in, grab a coffee, and peruse some magazines while on break.John's coffee is amazing. He's very friendly and cute. He has good french cookies imported and also british stuff. DeliciousIf I was a true intellectual and had more space in my apartment, I'd hang out here and figure out the best magazines from the awesome selection to buy.  Sadly, I live in a small place made smaller by the fact that my wife's non-profit employer doesn't give her a proper office, so growing the stacks of paper seems like not the way to go.
So I just go for the coffee and chocolate.Eclectic?    Check
Good Coffee?   Half-check   (I would choose Wawa's if you're into medium to light roasts)
Convenient? Check
Reasonably priced?  Check
Friendly?   [Blank]It takes some time to truly appreciate Avril 50. The first few times I was in there, I was intimidated by all the stuff stuffed into this little shop and suffered from sensory overload. I went in wanting coffee, which is the first thing one sees when walking in. Initially, I always just got my coffee and got out, perhaps out of a subconscious fear that the packed shelves were going to fall on me.
Over time, I ventured deeper into the store to discover an impressive selection of magazines and a unique collection of cards (recommended if you want to send something other than the tired old Hallmark crap). The store also carries an unexpected variety of food, including muffins, biscotti, chocolate and sandwiches. Avril 50 also has a big selection of smoking products.
Each day, they provide a variety of different coffees in addition to the mainstay Avril Blend. The coffee is out in pots for self-service, which in lesser hands would be stale and burnt. But the coffee is always at the perfect temperature and the place is busy enough that none of the coffee ever seems to have been sitting very long.
The same guy is always in there (the owner?) when I go in and is always friendly. He seems willing to chat if you are but willing to just wish you a good day if you want to get in and out.
Because of how packed the store is, I feel like every time I go in there, I'll discover something new.LOVE this place. The iced coffee with frozen ice cubes is awesome. I can take my time drinking my coffee and don't have to worry about it getting watered down.Oh man. I always forget about Avril 50 'cause even once you remember there's the cute little Sansom Street, it's still easy to miss. Avril is definitely a throw back, but unortunately without the throwback prices. This is your corner magazine/candy store, but with a global selection of magazines, cards, and snacks. 
There's coffee too - grab a cup and fill it yourself with one of the dozen flavors being brewed - kinda of like Wawa, but not at all. Coffee isn't great, especially if you're a coffee snob, but you're here for the experience, not just for the coffee. 
If you prefer, grab your *bucks 1/2 a block down (you're 1/2 a block away from one on Walnut or 1/2 block away from another one on Chestnut) + come to Avril for European cookies, magazines, cloves, a lighter, and whatever else you need to complete your Euro experience.If you like art mags, this is the place to go.
Plus, Jonathan is cooler than candy wrapped in cash.
I want to move in, cot in tow, and have free reign over the magazines and Jonathan's cappuccinos til death.
That is love.
Also, the array of smokes is pretty impressive. Smoke 'em if you got 'em (at Avirl 50?) Hah.This place is great. I am not too familiar with their coffee or food offerings, although I did get an excellent cup of cappucino here once. But this review is mostly about their magazine, journal and newspaper selections. 
As far as I know, this is the *only* store in Philadelphia with an extensive selection of literary journals, and it is close to the only independent store (not a Barnes and Noble or a Borders) that has a decent selection at all. The staff is very helpful and knowledgeable, and can assist you in finding that obscure poetry journal from Wisconsin, or what have you.
In addition, they have a wide selection of magazines of all varieties, including international and imported, and an incredible selection of international newspapers. Ex-pats of Philadelphia, come here for your news!
They also seem to have a decent cigar and specialty cigarette selection, although that ain't my thang so take it with a grain of salt.What's not to love? coffee & news from around the world??  Starbucks be gone, come here instead and you'll be happy. Unless it's raining and you want to sit, but whatever :-pI'm only here twice a year to pick up the latest issue of Fantastic Man.  It is the only place in the city that stocks it; it's very likely the only place in the city that stocks a majority of the magazines that it carries.  This establishment is so delightful and crucial and unlike anything else that exists in Philadelphia.  If I lived nearby this would absolutely be my neighborhood hangout.This place looks like a damn dirty and chaotic tabac (although I guess I have not been in any crazy dirty tabacs in France so how would I know...) but I come here for one reason only and I love it for one reason only--they have bahn mi every day from a Vietnamese restaurant downtown.  I don't even bother to look around (and there is a ton of stuff including other food choices) because I'm in and I'm out with my fresh spring rolls or a pork or fried tofu bahn mi.  It's pricey at $5.75 but worth it when I'm in a rush and stuck in W. Philly and have to get back to the library.  The bun isn't toasted (the bahn mi is kept in the fridge) and the flavors may be a bit lacking, but it does the job.  (One time, however, I came in to buy bahn mi and another law student came in and showed the owner that the peanut sauce that comes with the fresh spring rolls was rotten.  The guy promptly refunded her money and called the restaurant.)
This place is damn cluttered though--tons of newspapers (from all over the world) and other periodicals (lots of magazines).  They also have loose leaf tea and fresh coffee.  Overall, seems like a charming (but dirty) place that I should spend some time exploring in!what a pleasant surprise!
after stopping by bubble house for an afternoon drink with a friend i had not seen in years, i strolled down sansom row back to the trolley.  jonesing for a coffee and some reading material on the way back to south philly, i stopped in.
and wow!  i had an amazing selection of hard-to-find smokes and magazines.  the owner was a pleasant gentleman and recommended some good reading material and a pack of cigarettes.  i felt like i was back in ye olde france.
though i really have no reason to visit university city much, i think that this might be worth the trip again.I've been back here dozens of times since I last wrote a review. The coffee is consistently great and really fast because you just pour it yourself and then pay - so much better than waiting in the 20 person line at Starbucks.Magazines, especially the big beautiful European ones on fancy paper, have long been a not-so-guilty indulgence of mine. The town I grew up in had a pretty flash international news stand, and ever since then I've regarded the presence of one in a metropolitan area to be a sure sign of civilization. 
I am also a coffee and tobacco snob, unabashedly. With this in mind, I was verklempt about Philly's lack of respectable purveyors of my Sunday trinity until I found Avril 50. John is a shopkeeper in the Continental tradition; he'll look you in the eye when you come in, but lest you ask him for something, he'll leave you in peace. I personally like this, as I am hounded by over-eager nitwits enough in the rest of my life, but I can (almost) understand if this is a little off-putting for you. 
His shelves are full to bursting with an incredible array of periodicals from around the world, both up to the minute and of a more aged variety. Beautifully printed words and pictures are not cheap, nor should they be, but I never leave Avril feeling like I've been hosed. He stocks my favorite Canadian smokes, Italian Vouge and imported chocolate for the lady and all the art, design, culture and fashion rags a man could want. Pulls a mean espresso, too. 
Some tactless Penn B-school idiot gauchely asked the proprietor as to his heritage last I was in; Iran doesn't know what it's missing with this gentleman here, but the city of brotherly love should be glad to have him.Peppered throughout New York City are mid-size stores stocking arrays of magazines, newspapers and journals from throughout the world.  When ever I visit, I always make time to stop in one of these places and browse.  You can find some really great reading material that is generally unavailable anywhere else.
Then I found Avril 50.  This place is just like those New York newsstands, but they also have fresh espresso and and a great selection of greeting cards.  In the warmer weather, there is outside seating available.
While it is not conveniently located unless you live in University City, the extra few minutes are well worth it.It's so Euro. In a good way. The way that makes you remember that there are still people who read international newspapers, love diverse magazine and lit journals, and purchase postcards. People who want to do this while drinking a cup of coffee, selecting a high-end chocolate bar, and requesting specialty cigarettes from behind the counter. Sigh.I'd say some of the best coffee in west philly, definitely.  John's awesome and makes things perfectly!  The hot chocolate, topped with a touch of nutmeg.  Beautiful.  You walk in, the sweet smell of coffee, delectable chocolates, cigars, cloves surrounds you.  Buy your local paper from wherever you are around the world while getting your international flavor from all the magazines that he has.  Down side is that there's no place to sit though when it's warm, he puts a couple of tables and chairs outside.Seriously, the best coffee I've had in Philadelphia so far. Nearly every visit I've come to University City, it has been my first stop. A tiny place with the bright yellow awning on tiny little Sansom, it has a certain Old World charm. They seem to have every magazine from around the globe, they keep their coffee selection in a good rotation, and I find myself getting a cup of something new to-go every time and am never disappointed. Avril 50 also introduced me to my new favorite chocolate ever (which is Belgian.)Amazing tea, magazines, and foreign chocolates! Definitely stop by if you get the chance, I'm so glad we did!When you walk into this place it is like stepping into a time-warp.  Before big box stores, brightly lit boutique shops, and aisle upon aisle filled with identical merchandise stacked twenty deep, there were places like "Avril 50."  But, somehow, this shop survived the great mercantile holocaust that began in 1997 when mass culture began its precipitous destruction of privately own retail businesses.
Although, things have certainly not been easy for a magazine shop with the current trend in viewing everything online instead of reading news in print.  I overheard the owner talking about how business was very slow.  He exclaimed to a long-time patron, "No one's reading anymore!"  But, he continues to keep a smile on his face, five pots of coffee hot, and enough reading material to last anyone a lifetime.
The walls are chock-a-block with fine cards, magazines, and specialty postcards.  It was actually surprising to see some of the postcards because quite a few were highly political and some were slightly vulgar.  Hallmark would be sued by someone if they carried this stuff!  None the less, very interesting.  I bought a few.
The magazine selection is amazing.  Yes, Barnes and Noble/Borders/et al. all carry a large selection, but I guarantee you that they do not carry the same selection of political, artistic theory, independent, and philosophical magazines.  There was stuff lining the walls that I had never seen before.  Definitely check it out.
I'm not a smoker, but I will say that there was a wide assortment of foreign and fine tobaccos and cigars.  There were dozens of brightly colored boxes with foreign lettering.  In addition, he sells full-size hookahs and flavored tobaccos to go with them.
I'm not a coffee drinker, but there were great smells coming from the five pots of coffee that were sitting on the burners at the front of the shop.  There were also a selection of pastries and desserts.
Credit card purchases have a $10 minimum, so either buy enough or bring cash.  I forgot cash and ended up buying a magazine and some cards.
I can't say how much longer this place will be around, so make sure you stop in and check it out.  Buy an interesting magazine for yourself or as a gift for a friend.  For more information, the store's email address is avril-fifty@verizon.net.Someone brought me here during my first year of grad school. He raved about the place, so I wanted to like it. But 7 years and several visits later, I just can't muster much enthusiasm.
The coffee is okay, but a bit weak for my taste. The owner often seems condescending and sometimes becomes annoyed by questions about the products. I like some of the cards, chocolates, and candies, but many items are far more expensive than elsewhere. I sometimes find a magazine that interests me, but I am not a big consumer of magazines and I wouldn't visit Avril 50 just to check them out.Avril 50 is awesome because John is awesome.  This shop wouldn't be what it is if not for him.  And what does he bring, you ask?  I'm glad you did.
1. Eclectic selection of publications from random places about even more random subjects
2. 99% Dark Chocolate. That stuff is no joke.
3. Wide assortment of nicotine products.  When I was a smoker, this shop caused me to declare bankruptcy.  Luckily, just in Monopoly.
4. Lovely Espresso drinks and some good coffee blends.
5. Wisdom beyond his years: "You got problems? What do you know about problems? Whatever problems you have you're still young - you can fix them.  You're a spring chicken."
No one at Starbucks ever offered a side of wisdom with a caramel macchiato. Which worked out for the best because that caramel and sauce and syrup were going to my thighs.Avril 50 only gets 4 stars because it was a little intimidating the first time I walked in here.  The dude who runs the shop is pretty nice, and would help out with any questions.  They have coffee and tea available, as well as, some sweets.  They do have a nice selection of newspapers and magazines, not crap you can go to the bookstore down the street and find.  I was impressed with the sweet and enormous selection of postcards they had.  Seriously, there's a postcard for everyone here.
Go here to support independent business!Go here just to see the postcards. Or for that obscure European magazine.
Or for a 50c piece of dark chocolate. Or get extravagant and spend on Marzipan. But better still, just go there to have a chat with John. He is the friendliest proprietor in University City without ever going over the top in his friendliness.
Basically, if you are in University City, please, do me a favor and skip Starbucks and go to this store instead. Stores are like this are sadly disappearing.This is the cutest place! They have really unique cards, a wall of chocolates, magazines and newspapers from all over the world, and a really awesome owner. They have lots of tobacco too, since it  is a tabac, and coffee. They also have really cool sandwiches that I want to try someday with pear confit, yum!
I want this hidden gem to remain a secret for those in-the-know, but it's too great to keep for myself, and I think we should support these great local businesses. So next time you need to pick up a card, or chocolate, or tobacco, or lunch, or a cup of coffee... try out Avril 50 :)I passed by Sansom and by chance I had noticed the place due to the sign which advertised gourmet coffee-- Something very easy to miss unless you actually are looking for it.
The inside is dense-- no space seems to go unused. I haven't take a good look as my only interest is really the coffee here, but my guess, based on the coffee selection, is that the owner is trying to sell only a few things, but a few things well.
As for the coffee itself, I've only gone through a pound so far, but I really couldn't be happier than such a place exists on campus. There are at least 20 different kinds of beans to choose from, some are decaf, some are flavored, and some are plain beans, although all of them seem to be imported from somewhere exotic. (One tip-- If you don't have your own grinder, you can get the beans ground on site, which may be useful.) As a word of caution, the beans are a bit pricers than something you might pick up in the supermarket, but, as mentioned, they are not your average beans.What do you get when you cross fantastic coffee, hilarious Facebook updates and high-quality tobacco? The answer is Avril 50. John, the proprietor of this small University City business is always dressed to the nines and never has any lack of advice or satirical material. This is a perfect joint if you want to pick up some nice cigarettes and a coffee and step outside. The availability of outdoor seating is a plus, but beware, your chops will get busted if you use them without buying anything. If your on a lunch break, there is also les bus sandwiches available. AVRIL 50 4 LYFEI love this little coffee/magazine shop and stop here just about every day before work for my morning cup of coffee. The coffee is far superior to Starbucks (which surrounds this tiny shop on two corners), especially the flavored blends which are divine. And the hot chocolate is amazeballs. The chocolate selection is amazing, but be forewarned it's pricey. The store is filled with international magazines, cigars, candy, sandwiches, fancy schmancy drinks, and cards.. I'm also happy to support a local, independent coffee shop & highly recommend Avril 50!
One suggestion? Maybe a coffee club or frequent coffee cup card, eh? Buy 10 coffees, get one free or something like that?Somethings never change... nor should they. 
Avril 50 has remained pretty much the same amazingly coffee scented experience for the last 10 years I've shopped there.
First tea, which is what I first started buying there.  The tea is stored in clear glass airtight jars lined up across from the service counter.  Now I've bought tea from many locations across the city and I'm convinced that Avril 50 is very well priced and has a diverse selection.  By the way, the Russian Caravan is so good that a former roommate, who lived here 7 years ago, actually demands it when he visits.  The Kenyan Marinen black tea is also delightful in the morning.
As far as coffee, the selection here is even more diverse.  I'm not sure if it's the grinding process or the brewing, but the delicious scent of coffee hits you as soon as you come through the door.  I'm currently getting through the Avril 50 blend and enjoying on mornings when I don't feel like tea.
The proprietor is always pleasant to deal with and knowledgeable about what he's selling.  He also has a great selection of classical music going.  As far as reading material, you'll be hard pressed to find a better selection of publications.  If it's an obscure literary journal, it's probably here.  
To sum up, once you get coffee, loose tea or an international publication here, you won't want to go anywhere else.I like it! Little cosmopolitan place with a lot of character. The coffee's pretty good too.I wanted to like this place. I also hoped there was a place to sit down inside, but there wasn't. That's not why this review is 2 stars. It's 2 stars because I paid $3 for a bite of Toblerone and a 12oz coffee that I expected to taste halfway decent. I opted for the Kona rather than the Avril 50 blend; I wasn't in the mood for something super dark. However, this coffee tastes like straight up water. It is marginally better than the Starbucks around the corner (and I hate Starbucks coffee). I'll probably be back to explore the store, but not to buy a cup of coffee.I could quite literally spend an entire day here.  They have everything, and it's all crammed in the tiny shop.  If this atmosphere doesn't make you go " YESSS!"  this could make for a stressful shopping experience. I love their awesome selection of magazines from around the world, postcards, and regular cards. GREAT.Three stars is fair. I think the guy that owns this place is a pompous prick. But still the coffee is good, and while I haven't actually bought anything from the shelves, it does have the obscure titles of lit mags and stuff that no one probably buys.
Overall, if you want coffee, this is a five star joint. If you want a Michael Musto look-alike whose French attitude makes you want to vomit on his copy of the Kenyon Review, then you also have a five star joint. If you don't then you get three stars and hope the dude learns to respect his customers.Generally, to get my magazine haul involves going to various B&N's, purchasing online, and scouring eBay. This place pretty much has everything I'm looking for. And then some. Literary journals, international fashion magazine, offbeat arts & culture publications.  My husband has to gently steer me out, otherwise I'd be in there all day.I love this eclectic little store. The coffee is good, and there are different specials daily. I always stop in on days the coconut coffee is there. 
The chocolate bar selection is fantastic. I love super dark chocolate, and Avril 50 carries 99%. Score! The chocolate selection as a whole is of really good quality. 
I don't care much for the other parts of the store (magazines, hookah, etc.), but I think it's impressive that the store caters to so many interests. 
The only reason I give 4 out of 5 is because as many have said, it can be intimidating. That's no reason not to go though!An awesome store. A great collection of magazines and journals. I live in New York, have lived in LA and honestly haven't seen much to rival it in this country. The coffee is great too. Skip the over-roasted junk at 'bucks and get it at Avril 50 instead. And the chocolate is absolutely fantastic too...As long as Avril 50 remains intact, there is good in the world.
Functionally, it's great - it has any periodical you could want and a great coffee / snack selection.  Esthetically, it's absolutely amazing - an intellectual's paradise.  I love going here for coffee when I have a free moment and am even happier when I have some time to get lost in the magazine selection.I came in for coffee, but didn't realize he required a minimum order amount to use a credit card ($5 I think). I was about a dollar short in cash, but he told me not to worry and that I could pay him back later- which I certainly did the next day. It has since become my go-to place for eclectic magazines and unique cards/postcards.I can't believe it's taken me almost four years to write a review for Avril 50. I was taken here by a friend during my first week in Philly and it was love at first sight. I don't know what my favorite aspect of the store is:  the *excellent* espresso (*and* you can buy the espresso blend, too), the (good and reasonably priced) cigar selection, the cigarette brands that you'd be hard pressed to find elsewhere, the vast array of journals and magazines, the delightful postcards, or the chocolates that test my will every single time.  It's especially pleasant when the weather is good and you can take your coffee and smoke to one of the tables outside. As other reviewers have noted, if you're in the area, avoid the evil Starbucks and its bad espresso! 
Also, I can come in here and have a normal conversation without having to endure the fake geniality of, say, a Starbucks barista. And I can browse at leisure for as long as I want to without, again, the annoyance of constantly having someone at my elbow asking me if I need any help. Is this shop run by some drone who dishes out insincere prattle at regular intervals? Thankfully, no. If you're looking for that, as one of the recent reviewers below seems to have been, you're bound to be disappointed.Best coffee on Penn's campus hands down.
I had heard about this place from a friend at brunch this past weekend and thought why not skip Starbucks and try this place. Now from the outside this place is super quaint.
When you walk in, the first thing you think is that you're pretty skeptical of what's to come. Inside are news papers, some filter coffee, chocolate, and cigars. I asked the owner if he had espresso coffee, and thank the lord, he did. His tiny espresso machine makes espresso from the gods.
I love espresso coffee and asked for a Latte. My god, it was amazing. He even had a little bag of freshly shaved chocolate of which he added to my drink. Not to mention, he doesn't carry snickers or KitKat, but rather chocolate imported from France, Italy, and the likes.
This place is a hole in the wall of amazing. I will be back and I can't wait. I wish he had seating room for I would sit there forever.Great place.  Ive always stopped in for a cup of coffee or tea.  Cool assortment of magazines with niche topics like cars, watches, art, etc.  Theres also a lot of funny postcards, great for sending something unique and non generic but be careful because some may be off color depending on who its going to.  They have loose tobacco and cigars too if you're into thatI don't care that Avril 50 is pricey- it deserves to be. It is a luxury hot house. You can get limited edition euro mags here. You can get hand-painted wrapping paper. You can get fancy pants sandwiches and spring rolls and desserts and chocolate and all the coffee and tea from far and near. You can get cigars, and you can get cigarettes that are 20 dollars a box. You can even get whatever quirky postcard you thought no one else had thought up before.
And you can get some good conversation from the store owner if you try. :)Simply the best.
First, this is the best coffee in University City, if not Philadelphia. John's Avril 50 blend apparently took him 2 years to create via experimentation. Also, it is hands down the best iced coffee I've ever had: He makes his ice cubes out of the different types of coffee and then when the ice melts your coffee is not diluted! Genius! 
Secondly, John is wonderful and hilarious. He brightens every day I step into Avril.
Third, if you are looking for any magazine, no matter how rare, John will have it or order it for you. 
Fourth, great selection of European candies. I try a new one each time.
Really top notch. 
I've been trying to convince him to install indoor seating and wifi so I can sit and sip and read.Interesting little shop. My sister's boyfriend took us here when we mentioned we needed coffee and I was a little perplexed when I walked in. I'm still not entirely sure what the shop is supposed to be but it was an experience going there for sure. 
The coffee is self serve and there are several different selections, each with a short description up on the wall. My boyfriend and I each got a medium (I believe it was $2.25 per) and loved our coffee. Both were tasty and exceptionally strong. I'm not sure if they do anything fancier (lattés, etc) but I doubt it. Nonetheless, if I were a student at penn and needed a coffee this is where I would go.This is a really cool shop! I love the vibe. It's certainly unique. Has a New York bodega vibe, mixed with a European vibe. 
I went for the chocolate, hearing it's imported. I give this place 4 stars due to how expensive the chocolate (and everything) is. I went to pay for one bar and the guy said "$15". No joke. That was the brand from France. The Belgium chocolate bars were $10. And they are just your average size candy bars. I get they're imported, and maybe that is average price for imported chocolate, but I was taken off guard. 
The scone was ok. It was soft, but didn't really have much flavor. The chocolate croissant looked great, so I'll have to get that next time. 
The coffee is decent. Its better quality than DD and Starbucks, but also overpriced. 
Everything in that shop is pretty pricey, except for the scone which was shockingly the cheapest thing I bought. 
Anywho, I'd recommend checking it out if you're in the area. It's a really cool shop, and that's why I have to give it 4 stars. Doubt I'll be a daily customer though.I have GOT to be missing something. 
I had to be in university city yesterday and had to kill an hour or so. I wanted a coffee spot to post up in. I know university city is dominated by a young crowd, and thought id have lots of options. Starbucks is there but I wanted something independent. 
I saw this spot on yelp and had to check it out. Seemed like everyone had rave reviews. I read about a nice magazine selection, teas, and cigars. Many people described it at unique. I'm sold.
Walked in and a man with glasses (appears to be owner) came out from behind the counter. He muttered "let me know if you need any help" with the tone like he rather be dead than be at work. I almost wonder if something personal was going on, or if he's just a a grouchy older dude. He made no eye contact and swiftly ran to the back of the store.
That's when I saw the coffee display. Call me a coffee "snob" but pre roasted coffee sitting in pots is for wawa. They looked old and dirty. I had no desire for them really. But I cannot attest to the taste. I decided that based on the owner and the front id find somewhere else to grab coffee. Specially as there's no chill area in here either. 
The tea selection is truly sad and in old dis colored mason jars. Something about this place looks depressed. 
As far as the mags some looked really cool and I can imagine that this place might be the only around to stock certain issues. He had a nice cigar set up, but I don't know much about them. 
I would not return.In one word, Avril 50 is authentic. With good coffee and international publications, it's a unique hole-in-the-wall that doesn't pretend to be anything cool - it IS cool. 
I love coming in here a few mornings per week for the Avril 50 blend of coffee and a constant soundtrack of classical music.I have passed this place for years, but today was the first time I went in. It was kind of like stepping into a newspaper store in Paris. It is not a big store, but every wall, and corners are filled with goodies. You get greeted by the aroma of coffee, and you see various high end chocolate bars, then coffee beans, tea leaves, and coffee/tea accessories. If you want unique postcards here is a place to go. I also have not seen this many different magazines from around the world before! It is actually overwhelming because I wish I can sit and look through all these magazines in this store. 
Seriously, this place is a perfect store if you want to gift someone who loves to read. As for me, I recently got into Dolfin chocolate from Belgium. This is the only place I can find them. You can buy these chocolate cheaper online, but I think I always end up buying more and spending more online. If you are nearby Univ of Pa, this store is a must place to stop by.I almost don't want to write this review, because I love that right now I can run to Avril between classes to grab coffee without having to deal with a crazy line.  This place is fantastic -- good coffee and espresso drinks, a great selection of bottled drinks, and delicious French-style sandwiches made by the proprieter John himself.  
It's also an incredible newsstand, particularly for international publications, and carries lots of tasty imported chocolates as well.  And John is so nice and always makes my day a little a brighter.Wow, what a gem.  Its unassuming location save for the bright yellow awning makes me think it's invisible to Muggles, TBH.  If Platform 9 3/4 at King's Cross Station had a newspaper and cigarette kiosk, it would be this.
Truthfully, I'm a sucker for Dunkin to a fault, but when I get a mid-afternoon craving for a well-made hot and caffeinated beverage, I'm coming here.  I still have no clue exactly what's on the menu or how to order.  Last time, I saw a girl exiting with a to-go cup and asked her what it was.  "The creme brûlée latte."  So I got just that, and boy, was I impressed.  Most lattes (read: all) that I've had are either too bitter or too sweet and make me nauseous and jittery upon first sip.  This was SPOT ON (but $7, so just be prepared.)
It's the remainder of this place that does it for me, though.  It's like you stepped back in time.  An entire wall of coffee beans in varying nuttiness and earthiness and strength, waiting to be dispensed.  Magazines and newspapers from around the globe, journals for every niche interest.  Postcards and maps and artisan chocolate bars and Zippo lighters.  My eyes didn't know where to look.  
I think it's cash only and the guy owning the place works alone manning the register, which I love.  Thinking of coming here to buy everyone on my Christmas gift list something special and unique.