Recently spoke to Dani the manager after some back and forth discussion and some stern replies we managed to work out a few kinks in the delivery process! didn't want to knock the place for bad delivery service its something that is hard in this area due to all of the new buildings going up. So after a few mins over the phone he smoothed everything over! communication is key my friends~ now back the the pizza!! its as good as it gets in university city!By far superseded all of my expectations I would pass by this place all the time thinking it was just your typical run of the mill PIZZA SHOP until I tried the food and boy was I sadly mistaken I was actually pissed off at my self for not going there sooner! The food is incredible made fresh to order there are NO microwaves in this hip joint ! The pizza is off the wall the Italians wouldn't believe what these guys can do with a little dough I highly recommend the buffalo chicken pizza it will blow your socks right off ! The atmosphere is perfect.  A bunch of hungry college kids looking for some good food and the prices are just right. Oh one more thing the chicken soup is a real winner I still haven't been able to reproduce it , this soups is prepared fresh daily with super chunks of breasts of chicken so don't be shy use the scoop it straight  from the bottom and serve it up hot!Axis Pizza is very convenient- its 24 hrs and within walking distance of two universities. With that being said, it still manages to produce meals that are surprisingly quality. This place boasts about using fresh ingredients, and you'll see what they mean after your first bite. 
The food is simple, good, and fairly priced. Its my go to for late night meals and it hardly let's me down!Awesome thin crust. Nice spot
You won't find a better pizza in Philly
Great food, salad bar, fresh fruit
Gourmet slices
Fantastic food and large dining area with TV.
This is legit 5-starThis was our first pizza place in Philly and we loved it! Pizza tastes great, thickness is perfect. I think the best part is the variety they have on the menu. In particular, the create your own salad option is amazing. So many choices and you get a huge custom salad (can easily be shared between 4 people). Wings were also very good as was the blue cheese dressing that came with it.
Wish there was free delivery instead of a charge, but it's only $1.75, so not too bad. Prices are very reasonable and quality is great.Though I am no longer living in Philly, the owner of Axis Pizza reached out to me and offered a gift card to try the new pizza. In ernest, he agreed with aspects of my review and wanted to let me (and you) know that Axis has new brick ovens.
This gesture was beyond expected, and if I were living in Philly, I'd be back at Axis in an instant - gift certificate notwithstanding.
It's a gem to find owners so caring and open to feedback...so please, give Axis a go, and let me know how it is!If you're looking for a late night snack/pizza joint, look no further! Axis is the perfect place to stop by after a night of going out or hanging out. Being one of the very few restaurants that open late nearby Penn's campus, Axis is a solid choice. Even better, they open AND deliver 24/7.
However, don't expect much from the quality of their food. My friends and I ordered a medium pizza and an order of mozzarella sticks. The pizza was bland and all the topping fells off after taking the slice. The mozzarella sticks were hard and cheese definitely did not melt in your mouth as you would expect them to. 
Despite this, Axis is such a great option, or probably the only option that actually delivers late nights! But due to it's convenient location within the UCity area, I'll give it another try!Ordered a pizza here and when received it looked as if the toppings were thrown on as the pizza was throne in the box. The taste was NO better. Save your money, and your taste buds order somewhere else.I have been ordering from here via GrubHub for a few months now, and it has been hit or miss. I have a regular order: chicken quesadilla, black and white milkshake and bacon cheeseburger deluxe (double meat.)
The first time I ordered they slathered my burger with Mayo which was really upsetting because you are given the option on GrubHub to choose your toppings and I did *NOT* select it. However the quesadilla was SO AMAZING that I had to give them another chance.
The second time I ordered I typed in all caps "ABSOLUTELY NO MAYO" and my meal was superb. Their burgers are fresh - no pre-made patties here - and everything is just great right down to the side of fries. (I don't eat coleslaw so I can't speak to if it's any good.)
The *THIRD* time I ordered was a disaster. They forgot my shake, they brought regular coke instead of diet. I was at a party so lots of people had ordered, so we got a free 2 liter. The delivery guy had to leave and come back again and it was really frustrating. GrubHub actually refunded part of my order.
The next time I ordered, I called first and told the manager what had happened previously. He sent out a free 2 liter to replace the OTHER free 2 liter, and this time everything was perfect again.
The LAST time I ordered, the quesadilla was a disaster. They hardly put anything inside of it so it ended up just being mostly tortilla.
So, as you can see, it seems to be a luck of the draw situation. The reality is that it's usually quite good (surly delivery guys almost every time though), and one of the few 24 hour places in West Philly.
*UPDATE* - I have upped my review by a full star. Here's the deal. Things still tend to be hit or miss here, but the hits are so delicious I can deal with the misses. I had another quesadilla disaster, but I had a really solid conversation with the owner and he sincerely wants his customers to know that they are working HARD to make things the way they want them. He also sent out a replacement. You know, in this day and age when a small business owner actually give a damn, it means a lot to me. A LOT. They could send out mistakenly prepared food every time and as long as it wasn't legitimately BAD - which it never really has been - I would remain loyal because I know that they care and they're trying.
So I really do recommend you give Axis a try. We've got enough shitty McDonald's around, you know? Support locally!So I had the opportunity to try the new Axis pizza.  Huge improvement to my first experience.  More in line with pizza available in Philly.  
The owner was very courteous and sent free pizzas to my job.  The staff really enjoyed the treat.
I appreciate the owner taking heed of the reviews and caring about his customers.
I would order again from work :)The saddest part of this review is that I used to like Axis and frequent it all of the time but my last experience was telling. In ordering a chicken finger platter, I asked for a side caesar salad along with BBQ sauce and honey mustard for the fingers. When I get back to my office and open my meal, I find that instead of the salad, I received chicken noodle soup and instead of BBQ sauce, I received maple syrup. What's even more annoying is that I paid extra for the BBQ sauce. When I call them and tell them of their mistakes, they only offer to remake the salad. I still had to travel back to the restaurant and exchange my food myself with no reimbursement for my time and inconvenience. Axis, do better.I ordered two chicken Caesar salads and I'm literary waiting about two hours for it to arrive not a phone call check up or anything fuck Axis Pizza I'm over this shit business completely horrible experience.Axis is great to order late from GrubHub, and usually they deliver in a timely fashion. I have never had a major problem from this place and the food is decent. Milkshakes are a little runny, I can't recommend them, and the paninis aren't entirely awesome either. However, I love their cheesesteaks and I'm actually a big fan of Axis fries. One thing I haven't tried here is pizza. Maybe that will be my next late night food order.I've been an avid customer at Axis for a few months now.  One thing I must say is that their food is awesome and very speedy.  The only problem I have with them (which is a big one) is that their customer service SUCKS.  I just now ordered a delivery order and I requested that the delivery driver call me when he arrived here because I live in an apartment building.  Lo and behold, he called, but for some reason my phone never rang, so I didn't even know! I called Axis to see what the update on the order was and the guy who answered the phone (which was a late night worker) was EXTREMELY rude to me, saying he did not know what was wrong with my phone, MAKE sure I answer it next time if I wanted my food.  Honestly, I'm. Not a cell phone provider so I do not control the technology.  My phone was on, the end.  This is a general miscommunication, but he NEVER apologized for anything, he was just a dickhead about it!  If you want a successful business, customer service needs to be heavily focused on! Axis' customer service is shit and that takes a heavy toll on its business.  I love Axis, I really do.  If I didn't then I would spend my money elsewhere, but I expect to be respected when I order something from there because honestly, it is people like me (customers) who are the reason those workers even have a job! Axis Staff, please do some work on weeding the rude cashiers out because, trust me, they have a huge negative impact on your business!  Now please excuse me while I go eat my COLD food that was just now delivered...Not bad for the money. Good quantities. Not very tasty dishes though. Panini and sandwiches are doable. 
Overall a grab and go place.It's a place that microwave ovens your food for you. Food is meh at best and way overpriced for what it is.
Two words: steer clear.still lagging in terms of delivery and service , the food is good if you eat in only.I've gotten the greek salad from here twice...the second time the lettuce was meh.  But they don't skimp on the feta, and that's my kind of salad.  The office says that the sandwiches are very good, although I've yet to try.  I'd be interested in trying the salad bar if I ever dined in.  They do have a pretty spacious dining room.  If you're ever interested in going, check out what specials they have going on.  Apparently yesterday was 1/2 off burgers, when the burgers are already $3!I LOVE this pizza! Seriously don't understand the low reviews! 
Slices are huge and packed full of flavor.  The base is thin and crispy, perfect ratio of sauce to cheese to topping, lots of variety, cheap, cheerful and the staff were friendly too.  
I also need to mention that the mix in their pop-dispenser was excellent.  Really tasty coke zero (this is important!!) 
What I gave an extra star to (and would have given it 10 more) is their limoncello cake - sweet baby Jesus it's one of the nicest cakes I've ever tried in my life (and I'm a fussy home-baker!) so much so that I went back two days in a row, for cake, for pizza and for a cheap feed on the way back to my hotel from the Children's hospital!Only reason why I'm giving this place a 5 star is because they saved me many nights of choosing between starving or wawa. 24/ hour spot in U City. Oh and they have great pizza if it just came out the oven.Not horrible, but nothing special either.  Stopped in for a slice and a drink one afternoon and was satisfied, but not overly thrilled.  They have a salad bar for those who are looking for a healthier alternative and plenty of seating; great for students looking for a place to hold a study group with easy access to sustenance.  If I do return, I will most likely for something on the menu that is not pizza just to see how their other options measure up.Ordered room service my last morning here in Philadelphia. Why did I do this!?  
Lame food!
We got eggs sunny side up with toast... no toast! 
French toast and pancakes no syrup. 
3 sides of bacon... received 2 sides of bacon. 
We waited 48 minutes and got the missing bacon. We were done eating like 20-30 minutes earlier!  
I'm never ordering from here ever again.Ordered a shef salad today. It arrived with an egg with green slime and blue mold in it.I like your food, Axis, I really do.  Unfortunately, I can not give you higher than three stars because you consistently fail to adhere to my instructions when I order from you.
Last time we ordered a pizza from Axis, we asked for all but one topping on the whole pizza, and the final topping on half of the pizza.  What we got instead was a half-plain pizza with all of the toppings on one side.  Whenever I order a pasta dish, I ask for croutons and extra dressing with my salad instead of green peppers and tomatoes.  What I get varies from "misread the instructions" to "completely failed to read the instructions at all".
Very frustrating.Summary: So it's definitely gotten better, and I'd be more than happy to revise to a 4-star rating now, within the category of pizza shops and college eateries in the area.
After constant requests from the owner to come by and try out their renewed and refreshed restaurant (supposedly new ingredient suppliers and new pizza ovens, etc.), I did. But not at the promise of the gift card or complimentary order - those things would have just skewed the review, since I don't feel that Axis would have given me a taste of their daily grub if I pre-announced my arrival (gosh, do I feel like a critic or what!). Nope - I got food out of the blue - and under a friend's name.
My stealth tactics aside, the food was actually pretty good this time around. You can definitely taste the better ingredients in the pizza and in the other items, such as the hoagies. We only had a sampling of the menu, but we'll definitely be ordering from here a LOT more often now, since I'm now a fan. I'd recommend this and Ed's for the best low-cost campus eateries in the area, for sure!The food is mediocre. The service can be rude at times. I ordered breakfast today, spent 15 dollars, and got the wrong order with missing items. No bacon or sausage. Fries instead of home fries. I called back and he tells me he can deliver the missing items, but i will be charged separately, which would come to more than the amount i would have paid for had the order been correct. He doesn't even offer to send home fries. So my food is getting cold while I wait to pay more for a mistake they made, Terrible customer service.Ordered small Pizza with sausage and pepperoni, the pizza was lukewarm and the sausage was mostly on one side, they only had to travel down the street.Clean as any restaurant, freshly cooked food and a stocked and tasty salad bar!  I have tried the pizza and salad bar and it was delicious and so many choices! The place is open late night too! Can't beat it anywhere at 2 am!Fresh ingredient but very undercooked. Vedgies were still raw. Ingredients were fresh and taste was good but wasn't cooked enough, crust was cooked but all the ingredients were raw and the crust was pretty doughy.We ordered a pepperoni pizza on grubhub for pick-up. It was ready quickly, which was nice. However, the pizza was the most bland tasting pizza I think we've ever had. No part of the pizza had any flavor, even the pepperoni. It all tasted like cardboard.Well, I hate to give TOO bad a review, because although the dining room was pretty vacant, the kitchen crew looked like they were working their asses off to fill delivery orders.  This place apparently has a contract to provide room service food for the Sheraton hotel across the street , which was where I was staying.  Although I did not order as room service, I went down and ordered in person.
Anyway I ordered a "Caprese Panini," and long story short- their version of caprese is some reasonable fresh mozarella, sliced tomatoes, and... dried basil flakes, like from the spice section.   I had go
tten my food to go, but decided to take a peek real quick before heading out, and honestly thought a mistake had been made.  "I don't see any basil," I complained, and this dude started pointing out the tiny flecks that had come out of a shaker.  I could tell he felt bad about it as he immediately started apologizing and offering me a different type of sandwich.  He knew damn well this did not qualify as a "caprese" anything.  So hey, maybe the pizza here is decent, I don't know.  But if they're not prepared to keep any basil on the premises, they need to take the word "caprese" off the menu.I was trying to grab a quick lunch near work so I stopped by Axis for pizza.  The place had a decent amount of people inside dining.  I got a slice of plain and a slice of sausage.  Both slices were enormous for a low price.  I took them back to work and they were very bland and overly doughy.  The salad bar did look pretty nice though.  But there's a lot of better choices for pizza in the area.  They also stopped taking Level UP.Good food - great salad bar and pizza. But...neon sign outside advertises $4.99 for 2 slices and a drink and I was charged $6 at register. Excuse: we can't change the sign outside so we have a small sign inside. Really??I ordered here for the first time yesterday. After placing the order, I received a phone call saying that they don't usually deliver to that area, but they would make an exception today because they didn't catch it right way. The guy was really polite and I thought the phone call was handled perfectly on their end. 
When the pizza arrived, the guy who had called me (not the delivery guy), was the one who delivered it-- again, he apologized that they do not usually deliver to the area, etc. Super nice. So...if this was about the service, it would deserve 4 stars! 
Unfortunately, the pizza and stromboli we ordered were some of the worse I've ever had. Very bland. The stromboli (which was supposed to be Italian, but was a plain stromboli), was so tasteless that we could not even distinguish the ingredients (sauce+cheese, I think). Everything tasted like it came out of a can or from the freezer. Super disappointing. We ordered wings as well and they turned out to be pretty good. Definitely more tasty than anything else. 
And then...this morning I received a phone call at 9:30 am asking how my experience was ordering from Axis? I would call that slight overkill. 
Still- great customer service, not so great on order details, not great at all for taste.The service at this place is dreadful. The guy who took our order was condescending and rude. It was even more annoying because he's a 90 lb loser. 
My wife and I decided to check this place out because we heard they had a decent salad bar. Well, we didn't know the salad bar charged by the pound--what is this, Whole Foods? The annoying order-taker rolled his eyes and spoke in mumbly broken English, like he was so inconvenienced that he had to take nine seconds to explain this to us.
The salad bar itself was decent. The selection was a bit broader than you would expect from a hole in the wall pizza place and most of the foods was relatively high quality. The greens, however, which are the most important part of a freaking salad, were wilted garbage. This factors pretty heavily into the low rating (coupled with the awful service). 
We also got a shrimp appetizer. It was pretty good--decent portion and alright quality. Not amazing, but not bad by any means. 
Back to the terrible service: We had our one-year-old with us and they didn't even offer a high chair. We had to take turns holding our son as we ate. Considering the fact that no one else was in the entire restaurant, they could have at least offered some assistance in this area.
It sounds like this a place for college kids to show up for late night pizza and wings. That's cool, I guess, but don't expect to get acceptable service and don't expect much from the salad bar.I ordered spaghetti meatballs and i found a hair as long as the spaghetti. Called them saying hey i was there 5 mins ago and i found a hair in my food i didn't still touch my food since i found the hair the moment i open the plastic lid so I asked if they can deliver the same exact food and I will hand the driver the food the I have and added a coke! He asked me if I'm going to pay for it! I said you should give it to me on the house since I worked in a restaurant before and i would've done it if it was my restaurant fault but didn't want to argue over a coke and said yes I will pay for it. The guy said that I had to pay for delivery fee and I tried make him understand that I shouldn't pay for a delivery fee because I picked up my food and I found a hair in it and it's not my fault to walk all the way to them to get my food. Delivery was late for an hour when I called them back asking about my food they said they lost my address and phone number so I said ok here's my address again please hurry up. Driver gets to me at 5:30 AM and i picked my food up at 2:30 AM. 1st time experience and the last time it will ever be.Cheesesteak and fries were terrific. I hope to find consistent high quality with their meals in the future. Good job.The buffalo chicken pizza is awesome! That being said, last night, I received extra food that I had not ordered, that I had apparently been charged almost $50 extra for. When I called and asked if I had been charged for the item, and if I could send the item back and have my card recharged, the man on the other end of the line got incredibly nasty, blaming me for making a mistake ordering, when I have email proof that I did NOT order the extra item. After about 20 minutes of him refusing to admit the error on his part, and me refusing to pay for the item, he finally voided the original charge and charged me for the correct amount. No matter how good the pizza is, I would never order from here again.The few times I eaten at Axis it was for the pizza. From what I understand the pasta is very good also. The slices are big and have great flavor. Just make sure your pizza is warm enough to what you want.Try the bbq chicken pizza. Its very good. Plenty of seating in an open space. Its also open 24 hours which is awesome.The salads are ginormous. But they don't have any avocados and that's crucial to a salad. Plus they couldn't accommodate to any requests when ordering. Like hard boiled egg on the side.We ordered from here on Labor Day because our usual spots were closed. I don't like giving reviews that are negative, but I have to say I was disappointed. The pizza crust has to be frozen crust. There is no way that is handmade crust. It even tasted frozen. I don't think we will order again however, I've heard great things about their salad bar.The pizza from this place is decent and they deliver 24/7, but the customer service is apparently pretty terrible. After ordering from GrubHub and tipping on my card, my phone died. I figured that they would, you know, ring my doorbell when they got here. Nope. It was 3am at this point, so I just ended up going to bed, thinking I would deal with it the next day. 
I called the place up and explained, and the man said "That's not our problem. If it was our fault, I would refund your money. Maybe you should be careful with your phone." Um, alright. He refused to acknowledge that the delivery person could have rung my doorbell and just said that they only deal with customers through the phone. 
So, great. Not ordering from these jerks again.Axis pizza is one of my favorite places to get lunch near work. They have an incredible salad bar - the veggies are always fresh (for the most part), and their grilled chicken is really delicious! The best part is that they charge you by weight, so I basically get the same salad I'd normally get at Sweetgreen for $9.0 to $11.00 for less than $7.00 (this is including protein!). Of course how much of a deal it is really depends on what you like in your salad. I also bring my own dressing to work so I don't have to pay extra for the weight of dressing. 
Their pizza is also decent. I haven't tried any of their other dishes, so I can't attest to the rest of their menu. I would definitely recommend salad and/or pizza there though. 
The one negative comment I have is about their garlic knots. Near the salad bar they have a basket of rolls that are complementary with all salads. It's a great gesture, but the rolls are always nice and cooked on the outside and completely raw/uncooked on the inside. It's like someone rolls the dough into a swirl, cooks them in an oven on too high a temp, and takes them out as soon as the outside looks done, while the middle is still dough.
Axis Pizza, cook your rolls better and I'd be up to 4 stars!Nothing unique or special about the pizza.  Small soda and large slice was less than $6.  Good price for a campus restaurant and convenient location across the street from the Sheraton.  I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there, but wouldn't go to bed hungry trying to avoid.  Decent late night snack if necessary.Pizza took over 2 hours to arrive. When we called to inquire the person on the phone lied and said the order never went through (despite the fact that they sent confirmation to Grubhub regarding having received the order). We were then instructed by Axis pizza to re-order and pay twice for our one small pizza. Grubhub contacted them and The pizza itself was decent except for the canned mushrooms. I will not be ordering from this establishment again. Ever.This place is unprofessional. They messed up my order three times and took over an hour to bring me the correct order. I will never again order again from this place!!!!!!!!! BAD SERVICE AND NASTY PEOPLE!!!!!I'm so disgusted with this place I had to calm down before writing a review. Okay so today we where blessed with our first real cold weather day so I decided to order breakfast to avoid taking my kids out in the cold. I called to place an order for delivery and gave the women my address. She asked me to repeat it and placed me on hold. I heard shouting in between her and a man about my location. Then before the lady who answered, even took my order she said ''We don't deliver ''up there at night,''  '' I said ''Okay, why are you telling me that and I'm ordering breakfast?,''  ''It's 8 in the morning,'' She says I'm just letting you know,'' WTF? I Feel like that mess was low key racist, classiest or just both. Yeah, I live in the Hood but that was completely irrelevant when I am calling at 8:00 am to order Breakfast.  It gave me a really bad vibe so I was considering canceling my order. Right when I went to cancel the guy showed up.  The food was abysmal the bacon was not cooked like I asked. It was leathery and greasy. Then they're was the muffin, oh God, the muffin....It wasn't a muffin it was Muffin-esque.  I bit into it and to my shock and dismay I bit down on a ROCK.  A bleeping rock!   At that point I snatched the food from my oldest and threw it in the trash. They should be ashamed of themselves and I definitely will be going in and demanding my money back.  I will never in this life or the next, or the one after the next, ever order from this establishment again and I will only be recommending Axis Pizza to people I hate.Love the fact that they are 24 hours. Not too fond of ordering through the GrubHub app because it doesn't accommodate specialty orders too well or factor in additional charges there might be. Their breakfast is especially delicious (the pancake platter is my favorite).I like that they have slices always ready and a nice selection. The salad bar is nice and a nice variety too. The slices are really tasty and they're generous on the cheese - not that I care for a lot of cheese or not. The only complaint that I have is that the NEVER clean the little oven that they use to re-heat the slices and it's always black and burnt on the bottom of my slices.I appreciate places that are 1. Open 24/7 and 2. Deliver! I came into town for one night and got in late. I ordered two salads from this place and they were here in under 30 min. I got the Greek salad and the Bentley salad with additional grilled chicken. Both salads were huge! Their menu has tons of different kinds of foods to choose from which I also appreciated. Not easy to find places that will deliver great salads, especially at late hours. I kind of wish every city had this place!Axis Pizza is amazing, especially for the price you pay! The quality of the good isn't bad, but the quantity is enormous! It's also 24/7 which is a HUGE plus for those late night munchies. They also deliver and are usually fast at doing so.
The place is very fast, and their service is amazing. Bring food right to your table and have many condiments.The guy who works the phone on late Sunday nights is confrontational. He is rude. And did not help me at all to order food.  He was argumentative and refused to process my order. I will never order from axis again I was an a frequent customer before and hope to advise you against ordering here. There competitors papa John's or even California pizza are much more professional and courteous then the man I spoke with.Horrible food and even worse service. I was in there today and asked for fries with my burger. Didn't get them and when I asked the server she never came back.It was absolutely terrible.
First, I had ordered cheese fries only to have received regular fries. 
Second, the state in which my order arrived was a COMPLETE MESS. The hot sauce from the wings leaked out of the styrofoam container and proceeded to cover everything in the bag. After we had pulled everything out, there was at least half a cup of liquid sitting at the bottom of the bag. The wings themselves were gross: the chicken were just sitting in a ocean of oily sauce instead of being nicely coated. They were literally swimming.
Third, I didn't receive a fork for my cake slice. 
Was it my fault for not ordering pizza at a pizza joint? Maybe. But if it's on the menu, I should at least get what I had ordered in edible condition. (I had ordered delivery at around 1:30 am for some late night feasting and the choices were limited.)I work in center city and this is the place to order breakfast! best costumer service overall!!! i ordered extra bacon and expected it on the side but they included it in the sandwich and i didn't know. so i called and she offered to deliver extra bacon or refunded me $2 for extra bacon. I of course chose to be refunded but as i was eating, i realized there was extra bacon in the sandwich so i felt really bad about it. I did call to apologize because the costumer is not always right! she still refunded the money but i felt horrible... all in all, you want good quality and quantity food for your buck?? Axis Pizza is the place to be...than you guys for the good food and great costumer service!!!I'm very picky with my pizza and there's just something about this pizza that just doesn't cut it for me. Their salad bar on the other hand - best thing ever. They have so many toppings and has literally everything I love from craisins to sunflower seeds, they have got it all! Sometimes they even have garlic bread for free on the side for customers to enjoy - not the best bread, but still pretty cool! They have kind service and it's been very clean each and every time I've went!This pizza was DELICIOUS!!! I was visiting Philly from Chicago and after a long night of drinking I was a bit skeptical about ordering from a 24/hr pizza joint. Well damn! They delivered (literally!) even though they told us 35 minutes the pizza arrived in 19 minutes. Warm, cheesy and irresistible. Definitely recommend Axis! So good, so cheap and so worth it!  I will be ordering from here when I'm back in Philly, that's forsureThe pizza here is consistently solid. I like to come here for late nights when the other joints are closed. It feels a bit college-y (it's attached to a student apartment), but it's considerably less rowdy (and the food better) than Allegro's. The buffalo chicken pie here is worth a try.Everything I've heard and read about this place says that the issue with the restaurant is consistency. I have to say, after ordering a pizza, I have to agree.
I ordered a pizza from the kitchen with high hopes of a pie that would be properly cooked, with the right amount of toppings, and be delivered in the time suggested. The online interface is easy to use and straightforward enough; the driver followed my special instructions. 
But the taste? Meh. Here's the issue at hand. After the pizza arrived more than 30 minutes after the quoted time, it was undercooked. There's just enough cook on it for the crust to be lightly browned on the bottom but doughy the rest of the way through. Also, the proportions of topping are way out of whack--tons of some but very sparse on others. If this is the way the pizza is meant to be, that's fine, but I won't be ordering again. Unfortunately, even if the service is good, a bad pizza still tastes bad.You have to know what to get at Axis. Certain foods are actually pretty good while others are quite horrible. Even though it is a pizza place, I would NOT recommend eating pizza here. There are a lot of better places you could get a slice.  I order the chicken pesto panini and its not bad for a cheap, late night meal. I have seen people get breakfast here late at night and it doesn't look too bad either. Overall, probably one of your better options for post 2AM foodThis place is clutch for late night drunk food- they deliver 24 hours a day!  They are also available on grub hub and you can order with your credit card, so drunk food is only a few clicks away.  The pizza is super super cheesy and they load on the pepperoni and exactly what you're craving at 3AM.  The mozzarella sticks, jalapeno poppers, and cheese steaks are all really great as well.The customer service is atrocious. Never a nice/kind word. Got my order wrong, first off they disnt even apologize just looked my order up and kept me on hold for a minute. Then transferred me to another person who began to yell at me, did not listen to my complaint and hung up. So I called back. And called back until they answered. The man blamed me for clicking the option scrambled but putting fried hard with cheese on the notes. They have me a disgusting patty of eggs mess. And I also ordered Turkey bacon, but there was pork bacon in the order as well. Last thing was an old fruit salad that was watered down with soggy fruit. 
It had been months since I ordered from.them because I knew the service was horrible. Only ordered because they opened early. Just call, don't even order and see how hospitable they are. Rude and unhelpful.Axis has the entire best pizza in the entire University City area.  I not just love their pizza I also love the chessesteask, stromboli's, & salads!   Everything is fabulous!  I love the food!I've been meaning to write this review for weeks now because I have been enjoying lunch here for all those weeks.  This place was a great find as it met all our needs during the two days a week we come to west Philly.  not only does it have great food, but it's clean, has two TVs going (sports, news, or talk shows), and has very kind and helpful employees.  Especially nice and professional, are Danny (mgr) and Nick.   A huge plus is the free wifi, enabling me to have a great meal and work at the same time online.
My son enjoys getting a late breakfast here, around 1 p.m.   I am pretty sure they serve it all day..  he loves the platter, which comes with two eggs, sausage and/or bacon, potatoes or fresh fruit, and toast.  I can't remember price, maybe $6.oo?  All are nicely cooked, not greasy, and tastes very good, according to my son.  I have only had the pizza here, but there's a reason....I can't pass up their pepperoni pizza ( $2.50 a slice).  It melts in your mouth.   Simply amazing.  Come hungry and it tastes heavenly.   There are many kinds to try, and the slices are hot and keep coming all day, but when I find something I love, I tend to be a creature of habit.  I.M.H.O. Greek pizza is the best.  it is thin, crispy, and allows the cheese, sauce and toppings to shine through and be featured.  None of that giant fortress of dough effect that leaves you bloated.  You will enjoy having room for an extra hot slice because of this.  sauce is good, not too sweet, not too tart.  If salad or fresh fruit is more your thing, they have bars for both of them, and all are kept filled and fresh.
One nice surprise was their coffee and tea selections.  No only can they make you an espresso or cappuccino  or whatever, but their selection of teas are made with real, loose tea!  They will actually fill a little empty cheesecloth tea bag with one of the great blends they have.  very classy for a pizza joint.  I think I am starting to get spoiled by this place.      
I like the diversity of the people who come here; all races, ages, professions, and of course, college students.   Axis Pizza is located below level in an apartment building, with a large sign out front, and a few nice table and chairs to use on warm days.  Downstairs, the inside of the restaurant is large, with tables to accommodate all group sizes.
Overall, this Pizza snob gives Axis Pizza 5 stars, for meeting both our culinary desires, as well as offering  a good place to relax, eat, watch tv or use their free WIFI.   Oh no, a lady just sat down next to me here, with CHEESE FRIES...I LOVE them.....what to do.....a second slice or cheese fries?  I feel lucky to have this dilemma cause I know both will be great, just like this place and its employees.They changed their pizza recently and that  really made a huge difference. Tried the BBQ chicken pizza and I'm not sure yet but it might be the best I've had. I've tried the salad bar too. It's huge and delicious. Many good options. I never know what to get! Overall it's a 4 star place.This is your pretty standard pizza place.  So far I have no complaints.  I've ordered an sausage egg and cheese on a bagel and it was hot and ready to go when I arrived.  Tasted fine.  The sausage to egg ratio was a bit off, but no big deal.  Later I ordered chicken fingers and they were delicious.  Again, quick, hot and ready when I arrived to pick up.  The staff seems to be SUPER nice which I appreciate. And if you notice, to the left when you first walk in they have their menus and some breakfast coupons just sitting there.  I haven't used one yet, but I plan on it.  I'll definitely be coming back when I'm in the mood for some greasy pizza place kind of food.Yuck yuck yuck. I finally decided to give Axis pizza a try since it's practically on my campus. The space itself is really big and I guess a good place to quietly do your work on your laptop.
The slices are huge for the amount you pay. A full pie is around 13 dollars. With the only positive being that, the pizza was bland and tasteless. Came out cold as well. ( I suspect we were given the slices on display which were probably old and cold by now) Ordered half half of pepperoni sausages and buffalo 
chicken. 
The pepperoni which you would expect to be salty was flavorless. So strange!!' The consistency of the pizza doe was again... Flavorless. Nothing good to say about the buffalo chicken either. The chicken chunks were huge but absolutely flavorless. Not enough sauce on the pizza as well.
The only thing that had flavor was the orange soda I had at the fountain stand. So sad, won't be coming back here.Let me tell you , i order from here weekly . I've never really had a problem . Tonight we ordered and it was disgusting . I ordered a Steak Quesadilla . Well its basically a cheese steak . WIth a cup of grease . The grease was leaking out of the container and in the bottom of the bag . I will not be ordering from here anymore . I will take my business elsewhere .Pizza is really good, also has the best salat bar that i had in Philadelphia and also I think that they actually deliver the salat bar...So I unfortunately have to down grade Axis Pizza a star.  While I still like their food, they consistently get my order wrong.  I order through Grub Hub and I don't know if they are not reading the order correctly or what but it has been consistently wrong the last few times. Ordered 2 pizzas- one pepperoni and one plain.  Both showed up plain.  The time before ordered a salad and specified spinach leaf and got iceberg lettuce and was missing other ingredients on the salad.  Axis....learn to read the orders and get them right.Staying at the Sheraton next door and I had a funny feeling that axis cafe was actually axis pizza but the food came and confirmed it with the box and receipts. 
Ordered a small pepperoni pizza and a chicken Cesar with soda.
The salad was good. It could have been great because the dressing croutons was nice but it lacked Romain crunch. Was mostly thin lettuce. But it had really good grilled chicken and a large portion too.
The pizza was great. A little nice flop and decent flavor. Not a must try best in the city type but was still great. Fast service and a nice delivery guy.Good cheese to sauce ratio, crust is crunchy. Slices are pretty big. This is my favorite place to grab slices in University City. Do not let the location fool you, it's pretty good. Big fan of the buffalo chicken and meat lovers.Truly the worst.  Seems more like a cheap cafeteria than a restaurant. In town for a trade show and wanted a quick bite close to the hotel.  Came in at 7pm and was deserted. 2 people behind the counter- one was the manager and worker was sitting on the counter.  They recommended the pizza and pasta.  Pizza by the slice was so old it looked like hardened plastic in the case- which he offered to warm up for me.  Wouldn't make anything fresh and it tasted like warmed up cardboard.  Ordered the baked ziti because he said that was made from scratch with a garden salad.  Salad was indeed super fresh (made from the salad bar) and portion was big. Pasta arrived and it was a bowl of penne noodles with what tastes like old nacho cheese on it and a heaping lump of greasy melted cheese on it. Not baked ziti- or unlike any I've ever had.  It was orange in color and so unappetizing.   The manager told me that was indeed the baked ziti and refused to change it.  So, for the first time in my life, I literally paid and walked out and left it there.  Service was awful, management clearly doesn't care  and food was some of the worst I've had.  Don't bother... the deserted dining room should be a clue.  If I could give it half a star, that would be a stretch.Unfortunately, I can vouch for the issues people have had with order accuracy.
I ordered a turkey hoagie late at night.  I waited a while (slightly longer than they said on the phone, but I can deal with that).  However, it turned out to be tuna.
Other than that, the tuna hoagie was alright, but not great.  I thought it was light on oil and vinegar (I specifically ordered it with oil and vinegar).Mixed experiences with Axis Pizza.
First delivery was a large order was for a party (5+ pizzas, multiple salads and sides) and went fine -- it was all delivered right when/where it was supposed to.
The next time we ordered delivery not only was the order late (and cold), but both halves of the pizza were incorrect and the "chicken caesar" had no chicken. They rushed another pizza (with the correct toppings) free of charge but at that point it was too late to even eat.
For the price the pizza is ok -- the salads are decidedly lackluster though (especially when they're missing toppings!)great salad bar, pizza is good with slices and whole pie( like the idea of combining differ slices :) french fries are nice,hot,and crispy. at lunch can get busy staff are generally pleasant and even more so when ya just give them a smile and are cordial  with them. overall consistently goodWell my Axis Pizza was great it was a specialty pizza but I could stay the lady on the phone she was quite impatient just because I asked her about changing one of the toppings on my pizza from anchovies to bacon.Plus it's the beginning of the call she put me on hold and yelled angrily I could hear in the background of my phone call. That is not a way to treat them when dealing with people over the phone. I'm in customer service and I treat people with respect. And she also got very whiny when I asked her about the breakfast sandwiches on the menu. She wondered if I had a menu in front of me. To sum up for this review if you want to get delivery from Axis Pizza know what you want because the lady might not have the patience dealing with you over the phone. And make sure to have the menu in front of you because she doesn't like referring to it!When I first visited this place for food i thought about a small "AXIS PIZZA" restaurant but when I went inside I saw I big place for enjoyind different kinds of food
and they also have "80" items salad bar.
  I tried a pizza with piece of chicken on it and they had BBQ sauce on it. It was delicious I "LOVE" it.
  Also, I like the new style of cheese pizza and when you order at the cashier you have the option to put any kind of vegeatable topping.
Don' t worry it's not an expensive restaurant. We are talking about a friendly place with different kinds of foods.
Don't forget about the breakfast "all day" because you can make any omellete.
I "love" this place, "AXIS PIZZA"Axis pizza is open 24 hours a day, has tons of seating, great variety and good prices. Centrally located between Penn and Drexel, Axis Pizza is definitely a drunk kid's paradise. 
After having been to Axis many times, I wanted to write a review after I witnessed a squabble there Saturday night. I was waiting for my order with my boyfriend, when a group of rude customers came in. Not only were they throwing disrespectful remarks at the staff, but they purposefully caused a huge scene. Instead of refusing to serve them and kicking the group out, (what I probably would have done) the worker's remained cool and professional despite being heckled at their own establishment. The entire staff of Axis Pizza is to be applauded for keeping their cool in such an offensive situation. Axis Pizza, I want you to know how much all of your loyal customers appreciate you and your establishment!So I started ordering from here after being totally fed up with Allegro pizza. I have ordered from here about 3 times now and everytime my meal has been very good.  Great burgers and milkshakes.  What I love most..... They are open 24 hours (Allegros is not.  Many times when the students are on break they just close whenever they feel like it which really annoys me), they deliver milkshakes (Allegros won't), they are nice on the phone (Allegros is usually rude).  They also serve breakfast 24 hours a day.  They also give you a free liter of soda if your order is over 25.00.  So..... Axis is my new favorite pizza place close to me and I will continue to give them my business as long as the food stays good and the customer service continues to be on par. Keep up the good work and put Allegros out of business.