I've been ordering food from this restaurant for about 4 months. On average once every other week. Over this time, everything has been fantastic every single time.  The crab meat and cream cheese appetizer rolls are to die for, although they could be just a tad cheaper. Also, the atmosphere inside is absolutely beautiful. The only recommendation is to clean up the menus and put new ones out that are not damaged/destroyed. But overall, the shortcomings do not bring this down the perfection that leaves the kitchen!Great lunch specials and speedy service!  Sushi is always fresh and portions hearty.  Love the beef with mixed veggies.  Pork fried rice is delicious!Second time I tried it and I have to say it was better then last time. I got delivery took about 1/2 hour. But they charge a $1.00 per roll for delivery. I got 3 rolls came to $22. I would definitely suggest to pick up instead. But overall I would get again.Everytime I come here everything is great. The servers are kind there are sushi specials which are great the food is always greatThis place has one of the most freshly made sushis around the area for an inexpensive price. They have a good variety of other food choices and appetizers also. Good enough to visit at least once a month when I am craving for sushi. Give it a try when you're around the area.Plain and simple, this place really just isn't that good. The workers are rude, god forbid you order sushi for delivery, they jack the prices up. And it's really just not that fresh! I've had it a few times because the location is convenient and I always question why I even bothered afterwards. When eating sushi you really need freshness, and this sushi is just not fresh at all. There is way better out there!Best Chinese/Japanese food in Mayfair and quite possibly anywhere in the city except for China Town. Sushi is always fresh and the food is always ready quick and delicious. Never a bad experienceFor sushi in the northeast Philly it's not bad.... The speciality dishes are not much to rave about... sushi is okay again you get what you pay forWe've eaten here with our kids twice and have been impressed both times. Beef Satay, Pad Thai, Basil Chicken, Avocado Salad , and Spring Rolls all were delicious. The restaurant owner and his girlfriend are incredibly sweet and the service was excellent. We wish more people knew about this place as the restaurant deserves more business than it gets.Make sure to bring your own beer or wine.I had sushi (california roll,Philadelphia roll and shrimp tempora roll) delivered, the people were very nice over the phone.The food was delicious and came promptly.What more could u ask for!!!I LOVE THIS PLACE! I've always wanted a good sushi place in Mayfair and this was the answer. Their prices are super fair, great lunch specials, and wonderful service.
I would definitely try the Philly Rolls!
Delivery is an options as well!We love this place. It's so different from all the pizz joints in NE Philly. We mostly eat in and it is BYOB. Great service and a good value. Fresh fish!This is my all time favorite sushi place! It's the only place I get my sushi and I crave it all the time! I could eat it everyday! It's fresh and delicious and the staff is very nice!The food is always amazing!!! The owner and his wife are very warm and welcoming, they always remember our favorites. In my opinion one of the best sushi restaurants in Philly.We have gotten take out from here 3x's and every time it is delicious! The shrimp fried rice is fresh and homemade with big pieces of shrimp! The fried California roll is yummy! Every thing is good that we have gotten so far!This is my local sushi spot and thank goodness for that. The owners are super nice and the waiter is really nice too. I always have a party of 5 or more and they always make the orders right. The 50% off sushi is a must try like where else can you get good sushi and for a good price! Even the regular food items are delicious! Highly recommended!Very nice place to eat, fish is very fresh. For people who dont not eat raw sushi they have cooked sushi which is very good.My friend asked me to take her to this place since she's not familiar with philly, I told her I never ate in and last time I was a little disappointed. 
We sit and there's no one there but us. We order soda, the waiter comes back and hands us glasses with ice, and cans! Are you serious. We order calamari for appetizer and it comes out very fast I might say. They are the big calamari and I didn't care for them. The sushi was good, dessert was great. The waiter kept constantly coming over to us though and rushing us with our stuff. My friend finally turned around and asked him if he was indeed rushing us and he left us alone. Words to everyone don't eat in order out!! Also when we got home with our to go boxes we did not receive any chopsticks soy sauce wasabi or anything for our left overs!! Thanks!I've eaten here several times. It's generally good, but the last few times have been bad. 
A few weeks ago: My wife ordered food to be delivered and gave them her credit card number. The driver showed up and said he forgot the credit card slip for her to sign. I told him not to worry about it because I think I had cash in my wallet. We paid the driver cash but 10 minutes later the sushi place called saying we never signed the credit card slip. When we told them we paid the driver in cash, we could hear the driver in the background saying we never paid him! The driver pocketed the money and lied about it. 
To make things worse, when we opened our order, they gave us the wrong food! 
We gave them a benefit of the doubt that just had a bad delivery person, so I ordered from there two weeks later and picked up the food myself. When I got home and opened it, the sashimi dinner I ordered smelled like rotten fish. I tossed it without eating it and will not order from them again. 
It's a shame because before these incidents, the food was good and the place was within walking distance.BEST ASIAN FOOD IN MAYFAIR. Love the sushi and seems very clean inside. Also nice to eat there, very quiet and peaceful.I wish I could review the food at this place.  I received two menus on my doorstep, so naturally I thought they would deliver to my neighborhood.  I called today to place an order, and was told that since they could not locate my street in the computer (I spelled it out at least 5 times, it's a simple name), they would not deliver to me.  I told them my exact location and even how to get here, (I'm about 10 minutes from them), and they abruptly told me they couldn't help me and hung up on me.   Needless to say, they will not be getting my business in the future.Mayfair is not known for great sushi.  Until now!  Tony (owner and Chef) had a great run at another somewhat-local japanese place, and his move to open his own place in Mayfair makes me happy as an Oyster (Kumomoto please).
His fish is always super-fresh and delicious.  I tend to favor sushi and sashimi over Maki, but all the rolls I've had have been great.  He even brought one of my favorite rolls over from his last gig, the Crispy Salmon roll...Do NOT miss this gem!
The oysters are always fresh and big, another favorite of mine.
My son is thankful they have chinese dishes( he loves a lo mein noodle), and my wife favors thai, so it's one place we are all happy to visit.
Now all Mayfair needs is a solid Dim-Sum house...anyone?Ordered delivery from here for the first time.  Holy crap it came fast.  The food was piping hot, and delicious.  I highly recommend it.I tried the sushi out here last night because its super close to my house and I'm a sushi fiend! 
I gave it 4 stars for a few reasons. The food itself was ok. Most certainly not the best sushi I have ever had, but for a quick fix? It's worth it. The prices were fair and their delivery was lighting fast!
I would go there again to grab a roll or two!My fav sushi place in the neighborhood. I usually get delivery once a week and it's always fresh and super fast! My son loves their California rolls and they also have some really good Thai food. I recommend their Thai green curry. The dinner bento boxes are also really good value. You get a lot of food in them!Thank God finally a local, reasonably priced sushi restaurant!! They do have other eats but great stop for sushi. Definitely give the "yummy yummy roll" a try. You'll be glad you did!my dream of finding a fresh and fast delivery sushi restaurant in mayfair has finally come true.  Sushi is delicious, special rolls are really good and its convieniant.   Definitely a good find and our new go to sushi place.went on a sunday night and were the only ones there. beautiful, elegant interior and pretty plating. not sure about the other reviews because the sushi was FANTASTIC! everything is very reasonably priced as well. I will absolutely be going back, and getting delivery often!Aya is fairly new and I think I have been here at least 5 times since it has opened. I live close and was so excited to try it since the variety of food in my neighborhood is limiting. If you are looking for pizza, wings, or steaks there is no shortage, but when it comes to food from other cultures there is not much to choose from. Aya is clean, has an attentive and friendly waitstaff, delicious food, and relaxing atmosphere. I have not been disappointed yet. I love everything I try. To start I recommend their avocado salad with a yummy wasabi vinaigrette. The dinner bento box is a great value for the price. I would also try the pineapple chicken fried rice.I cannot say enough good things about this place. The staff is very welcoming. The food is great. The dining area is very nice and clean. If you are looking for a true sushi place in the Northeast, this is the place to go. Their tuna tar tar is the best I've had so far and so are their tuna dumplings. Try it, and tell your friends as well.My boyfriend took me to this place on a Saturday night. It was my first time eating sushi. I loved it. I made the mistake of eating Wasabi by itself, never again. The place was not crowded which was great. The staff is not too friendly, but the great food makes up for that. I highly recommend the Eel Avocado Roll and Dragon Roll.Had the sesame chicken since I'm not a sushi fan. Only four stars because of price and fried rice being $2 more with my meal.Sushi is delicious but expensive. I mean, you can make about the same quality at home for 1/10 the price. Japanese food is about average, about as good as the stuff you can make at home. Chinese food is average, but good.Fresh food, super clean atmosphere, relaxing vibe and great service.  I was very impressed with the variety off food and how great it was.  This place should make Makiman sweat.  BYOB paradise.Initially when this place opened years ago, they were No good. So I had such negative things to say.
However, after a few more chances, I discovered that they got their sht together and its delish! 
No longer ever disappointed. Delivery is very quick usually. But ranges from 20-50 minutes some days. 
Their sushi is fresh, I always get different rolls which are all great!Awesome sushi in the northeast... Yes please get in my belly!!! Had the Godzilla roll.. Really good. If everyone in area that likes sushi doesn't already know it's legit you are on notice. YumI'm very pleased with my purchase. A day of shopping, I didn't want to come home and cook. I saw in the Northeast Times in their advert that they had 50% off sushi. That got my attention. I called to place the order but was told there was a special menu, so okay, I stopped in and was overwhelmed by the choices. I knew I was looking for a spicy tuna roll, so the first thing I look for with something that included spicy tuna or spicy salmon. There was something that jumped out at me called a double salmon so I got that and I also got a roll with salmon and asparagus in it.  Both were topped with salmon so I was in omega-3 heaven. Before I could finish my check in on Yelp, my 2 rolls were ready. They were ready so fast, that I was afraid to open up the bag and see what I got when I got home. Suffice it to say, I was extremely pleased. Had I not already passed Krewstown road, for the same amount I could have gotten a Maki combination at taste queen (3 rolls, plus soup or salad). But I was already in the neighborhood, so why not try something new?  I would go in there again and dine in, instead of doing take out. The fish was extremely fresh and the rice, to me, seemed right on. I am sure there are inconsistencies with their rolls, but I had no problems whatsoever with the rice or fish. Good job!Omg! So I order from here a couple times a month, and I dine in occasionally. I was on grubhub (which I can't stand but it's easy to browse the menu) & noticed they added poke bowls to the bottom of the menu. Holy crap, I've always wanted to try one. Well, I got one and must I say..... amaze! Since it's the only one I've ever  had I don't have much to compare to but it was so fresh, it's loaded with everything I asked for in it (which they let you put sooo much in) I'm in heaven and will probably start ordering these for lunch / dinner once a week :)Sushi is yummy. Delivery is speedy and accurate.Best Chinese food I have had in a long time, very fresh.  Great sushi can't say enough about this place.Back down a star. I ordered like 5 days ago. I called to place a pick up. The guy puts me on hold and puts the phone down, 10 min later I hear the other phone ring and he picks up and takes there order. He forgot about me. I hang up and call back, the guy tried to put me on hold again and when I told him what just happened he was short with me and said "what do you want then" I placed my order. Picked it up and was not honored the free roll over $30. When I arrived home I was not given wasabi and very little ginger for my order. The rolls we're falling apart. When I walked in they had 3 booths filled, which is more then I can say I've seen it filled before. So maybe they were busy, but it's not good customer service and I will be looking for another place yet again. Highly, highly disappointed which this experience.Aya is a good place in Mayfair to go when you are craving sushi. It is inexpensive and will meet your needs. The service is friendly enough (except when you attempt to substitute). 
Some of my favorite rolls are the dynamite roll and AAC roll. I would always recommend going in and sitting down, the sushi is always much better when dinning in than delivery.One of the best sushi bars in the Mayfair area hands down! The first time i came was for lunch with one of my friends, the lunch specials are awsome i got three different rolls, a soup or salad and a drink all for under $10 a person. Service is good and it has a pretty inside interior.This is the best restaurant I have ever been to, the food is so good so amazing clean and everything come out fresh and hot there friendly and sweet, its so good to eat, there sushi is so fresh, it is also so relaxing to dine in love it so much it just so delish.Aya Asian Fusion really good sushi nice place. Service is ok. I would go again. Good place to go, if you don't feel like driving in the city for sushi.Best place in Mayfair to grab sushi . I've never been disappointed. The yummy yummy and Godzilla roll are my favorite, would highly recommend. Even the pan fried wontons and fried rice are delicious. Plus it's BYOB! Their is no need to travel to center city to grab good sushi anymore.I had called this place 20 minutes before closing and asked if it was okay to place an order. The lady over the phone told me it was fine. I proceed to place my order. 5 minutes later she rudely called me back and told me to hurry and come pick up the food because they were soon closing. I told her I will be there. As I was driving there she called me 3 more times in the matter of 10 minutes. She told me that they were waiting for me to close the store and that I need to hurry up and come get the food. Then she told me someone will be outside the store to give me my food because they didn't want to wait. The lady on the phone was really angry and very rude. I got there 2 minutes after closing....2 minutes. I could understand if she was waiting 15 or 20 minutes. Also I would have been on time if she didn't keep calling. I was using using the navigation on my phone. I have ordered here before and had a bad experience with the service but I wanted to give it another try. I was so angry. I don't understand over the phone I asked her if it was okay to order. I even told her that it was okay if it wasn't because I knew they were closing. Anyways horrible service.Today is a holiday. I ordered they said 40min. Arrived under 30min. Today it was awesome. I got 3 rolls off the discount list and spicy tuna, they honored the over $30 you get a free California, which last time they stated they didn't do that with the 50% off list. Everything was extremely fresh and yummy. I love the yummy yummy roll. It really tasted great. I don't know if it's a different chef or getting there food somewhere new, it was extremely good. I give them 4 stars because everyone I call the lady makes me repeat myself like 5times.I order from here AT LEAST once every two weeks. Sometimes more than that. The tuna tartar appetizer and the rock and roll roll are usually on EVERY order. Don't fix what isn't broken! I've picked up and eaten there as well. It's usually pretty empty which is surprising but I assume everyone gets take out like me. I highly recommend trying this place whether you like sushi or not. My boyfriend likes their Thai and Chinese entreesBest sushi in the Northeast by far! The special rolls are amazing and refreshing compared to other sushi places in the area that like to put avocado in every single roll.  
The tuna tartar is always a must. It comes in a mango sauce that is so good that I often find myself scraping the bottom of container just to enjoy the sweet creamy sauce one last time. 
I always try to get something different every time and I don't remember ever being disappointed. 
I found out about Aya about a year ago and have had it delivered many times and last week, I finally went there for dinner. The restaurant is very pleasing and the staff is nice. Overall, a positive experience.Good sushi and fast delivery are the reasons I keep happily ordering. I love the veggie dragon rolls! Tonight, however, I decided to try a Chinese entree. The broccoli in garlic sauce was so sweet it was nearly inedible. On the plus side, the broccoli still had some crunch, which is rare for takeout around here. Sadly, though, no amount of sriracha or soy sauce could hide the sugar in this dish. So thumbs up on the sushi, but not so much on the other stuff.I have eaten here a few times and ordered take out a few times, I have to say I haven't been disappointed. The sushi is always delicious and you can't beat the lunch specials! No where else can you get a deal like this. A must go spot to try sushi in the area. Not to mention BYOB and no uncorking fee.From hang up to doorstep it was 12 minutes for them to deliver. Probably took me longer to decide what to order. Good menu, truly is a "fusion". I had a Bento box so I could get my sushi and curry fix. A lot of food for the price. I wouldn't say the food was top tier Asian cuisine for all of you food snobs out there but I was satisfied and it is certainly better than all those "yum yum good panda moon china" places.I work in Mayfair and I generally try to bring my lunch because everything around me, at Cottman and Frankford, is pizza and strombolis and sure to make me feel terrible after eating. I discovered Aya and love it! They have great lunch specials.. I always get 2 hand rolls with a soup or salad for $7.95, which I think is a fair enough deal. The staff is always super friendly and make me feel like they appreciate me as a customer.I really love Aya for their sushi and service. The rolls are creative and reasonably priced for the excellent quality. The staff is super friendly, answers any questions and never rushes you in or out.  Most of the specialty rolls are 10 large pieces and they really put a lot of thought into their presentation. 
I will say that the take out doesn't seem nearly as delicious as the dine in, so if you can, you should go in for a nice sit down meal. It's BYOB and there is usually plenty of street parking. The Chinese and Thai food on the menu is also pretty good, so if you're gonna order out, go for that!I tried this place for the first time this weekend. I felt it was a descent enough. The waitress was kind but whoever the owner and/or chef may be not so much. The staff seemed a little reluctant to substitute things since they always needed to run it passed the chef. 
I asked if I could substitute one dish for another at the same price, both under appetizers, and the waitress explained that the chef refused to do that without charging an extra $4. She admitted herself that it would be cheaper to order something for the whole table. Needless to say, we just accepted what was already there but we were grateful for her kindness.  
I told the waitress I don't like avocado and picked a cooked sushi without it. When it arrived however, there was the offensive thing staring back at me. I brought it to the waitress' attention and she pulled out a menu to look where it had not been listed. I find it a little strange that the waitress herself didn't know it contained avocado and had to even pull out the menu to prove that it wasn't listed.
I liked the food. It was pretty good sushi (had the cooked only) but please skip the tempura dishes. Everything else is alright. The atmosphere is calm.  All in all, I enjoyed my experience there minus the chef's issues. The price was a little much for what you get. Still going to keep looking for another place outside of the city for my sushi needs.Finally, a place to get great Japanese around my house!  This place doesn't look like much from the outside but inside is very nice.  It's very clean and inviting.  So far I've had Philly, Spicy Tuna, and Kani Tempura rolls and Shrimp Teriyaki.  All were excellent!  Rolls were filled with good quality fish and held up well while dipping in soy sauce.  The shrimp teriyaki was hands down the best I've ever had with big, fresh shrimp sprinkled with sesame seeds and a perfectly balanced sauce.  Thank you, Aya, for great food plus great service!  I will be back (again and again)!Love their sushi and edamame. Ordered from here well over 20 times and the food is always delivered fresh and hot. Delivery is really quick too. I like that I can order sushi and the rest of my family can order traditional Chinese food from the same place.Spent $33 for delivery of two benton boxes that were gross.  Hard nasty shrimp, cheap gross rolls, etc.  I was skeptical before ordering, but when you read so many positive reviews, it's easy to be influenced to make bad decisions.  If you love mediocre overpriced "Asian fusion" served by a restaurant with an extremely short and rude employee that answers their phone (owner?), then this is your spot!  I won't make the mistake again.WARNING! This place is a rip off!!!!! 
first off I wish I could give this place ZERO stars. The delivery guy dropped off my food (a roll and sea weed salad) 
He didn't give me a chance to breath while I was busy at my office before rudely asking where his tip was in front of all of my co workers. Than I open my food and there was HAIR in my ginger! Not to mention the rolls were tiny and the fish was NOT FRESH! 
I will NEVER order there again. This place needs to learn customer service. Funny thing is that if the delivery guy ( who is also the manager apparently) didn't humiliate me for his tip would have received 5$ that would have been deserved. This place needs to learn what good customer service is.The sushi in this place was sub-par at best. It didn't taste fresh, and it wasn't seasoned at all. I ate one piece and couldn't eat any further.
however the general tsos chicken I ate was good.
But then the chicken satay was cooked to death and to dry I couldn't eat that either.
so 1 item out of 3 was good, that's not very good. I would not order from here again.This is the only sushi place that delivers in the area.. it's decent and cheap. Their lunch is like $7 for a Cali roll, seafood dumplings, soup or a salad, and a choice of entree. It's not bad but it's not good quality sushi in my opinion. You can get fresher sushi if you want to travel a little bit further.Decided to go there since it was close to my boyfriend. I was really skeptical since I do live in South Philly and work in the center city area where the sushi is really good. Overall, the sushi was good, i will say though that the cuts and amount of meat isnt uniform. You'll get a lot of salmon in one bite and little in the next. I would recommend the dynamite, spicy salmon, and spicy tuna. Save your time on the Out of Control.
We also got the walnut shrimp which I usually love, however something was off about this shrimp. I appreciated the portion size since it was great for the price, but the batter was way too thick and chalky! I found myself peeling part of the shell off just to get a normal bite. Also, the cream had way too much honey/condensed milk which made it overly sweet for my taste. Also, the broccoli was rubbery
Bonus points; our plates didn't match and the light next to us was shaking. The menus also had the old restaurant name on them
TLDR; Good food for the price, I'll probably order again, but if i had a better sushi option, i would go for that.Just tried to oder genersl tso's chicken with the sauce on the side. First he SAID huh , you want deep fried chicken? I said yup i dont WANT IT TO be soggy and smothered with that sweet sauce. He said idk if the kitchen can do that. WHAT, if you cant communicate with the kitchen about POURING sauce on so called chicken then ill find a place that will. They JUST lost my business,  What happened to SANNIE. PLZ COME BKThis is an forgotten review so details aren't that fresh but the experience was enough to make me never order from here again let me say that typically the food is good their fried rice is rather tasty( I add onions and egg to mine ). With that being said the problem I had with my order was amount spent versus what I got or better yet what I paid for and didn't receive. Customer service was horrible on both the restaurant and grub hub only offered me $10 coupon and I didn't receive a refund. So it list it's rice as a quart they sent a pint even though I paid extra to add protein for a quart. Small maybe but not when you have to feed 3 adults on a pint of rice when it's listed (or was listed) as quart. The restaurant of course said that's the size they send and made no attempt to rectify the situation. While grub hub made an effort to resolve they failed to accept their responsibility in the matter (wrong size listed on sites menu). I wasn't refunded my money , I received only a ten dollar coupon for a $50 order and I had to reorder from another place. On top of all that my sushi was horrible tasted old and thrown together. 
With that being said out of 4 orders placed in this restaurant this is the only bad review I have.Fast delivery. I ordered Chicken and broccoli. Not good. There's no seasoning. Everything taste like water. This was my first time ordering, I'll probably never order from there again.I love this place. It's one of the few sushi places in the area but its still good. I've never had delivery, always dined in. The restaurant is small but typically not packed since most people order out. They're always friendly and the sushi is good.This place is shit, Deadass. Food isn't fresh, Rolls are tiny, Management is a total dick. Not to mention oil on top of oil. If I could I'd give this place ZERO STARS!This place has some of the best (inexpensive) Asian (sorry, it's not really region specific) food in Philly. 
I've been here several times in the past few years, and ordered take out several times and have yet to be disappointed. I primarily order the general Tso's chicken and I love it! I'm not a huge fan of sushi and have sampled it but it's not my thing. Everything everyone I've been with has been great (according to them and my tastings of their food.) 
It's been several months since I've visited, I'm just writing this so I don't forget next time I go. So... To be continued! (Sometime soon)Pretty good food. However, I didn't like the customer service. I awesome because I'm a black woman with locs because the patrons who entered after me appeared to be approached nicely.So I'm the former employee at this place. The owner is a totally cheater who only knows how to pick up girls at work. He's acting so nice to the customers but yelling and cursing to his employees in the back all the time. Sushi rice were being reused over and over  even though this is under violation. Those used napkins from the tables were reused to cover the sashimi for freshness gosh!It was ok. They messed up my order and the delivery guy had an attitude both times he delivered my food.. The best part of my food was my soup.. Wish the sushi could have been betternew update: Decided to try these guys AGAIN. And our office was giving them a ton of business. When they messed up  my order i called and asked for the roll i wanted, spicy salmon because they gave me spicy tuna accidentally. They tried to argue with me that it was spicy salmon but i know the difference considering thats what I ordered yesterday. This place is STILL cheep as hell with shitty service. 
WARNING! This place is a rip off!!!!! 
first off I wish I could give this place ZERO stars. The delivery guy dropped off my food (a roll and sea weed salad) 
He didn't give me a chance to breath while I was busy at my office before rudely asking where his tip was in front of all of my co workers. Than I open my food and there was HAIR in my ginger! Not to mention the rolls were tiny and the fish was NOT FRESH! 
I will NEVER order there again. This place needs to learn customer service. Funny thing is that if the delivery guy ( who is also the manager apparently) didn't humiliate me for his tip would have received 5$ that would have been deserved. This place needs to learn what good customer service is. 
UPDATE: 
The manager proceeded to call and harass me after I left the bad review. Super turn off. NEVER AGAIN.By far the WORST pineapple fried rice I've ever had. It was so bland I had to use two soy sauce packets just to get it down and the rice wasn't completely fried. Also, the pineapples chunks in the dish tasted awful, like they were old and were soaked in alcohol. I LOVE Thai food, but this was just bad.Ordered from here for the second day in a row. The food came incorrect. Rather than send my correct order the gentleman who answered told me to keep my order because they were having a busy day. I told him that I'm couldn't keep it because the order that was sent contained crab meat, which I am allergic to. He then asked what did I expect him to do. He argued that the order was more expensive.. ($1.50 more). He refused to fix the issue. I threw my food in the trash and chalked it up as a loss. By the way, I live 1 block away from their restaurant.So far, I've ordered delivery from this place and mainly got the $9.99 bowl in which you choose two proteins and etc. The food came quickly and was nicely prepared in a clear bowl container. It honestly didn't look like much as I thought but after going halfway through the bowl, I was full. The greatest part is that you can put in all the add-ins and toppings if you want to. The miso soup is a good addition to have with this bowl since it softens the saltiness and tastes great in general. The mushroom soup is a container filled with a light broth and a bunch of sliced mushrooms. 
Overall, food is great and delivery service was quick and the driver was one of the few drivers who actually smiled to give me food.I will never order from here again. The staff was rude! Never received my order but they kept saying it was delivered to someone. Poor customer service! She said call Grubhub and hung up....I've been back here several times since moving away and their quality has gone up significantly. This is now my fav sushi place in the NE.This is by far the best delivery Chinese I have ever had. Everything is always fresh and hot when we get it. Never takes long for delivery either. Highly recommend the dynamite roll and general Tso's chicken. Portions are enough to share or for the next days lunch!Extremely rude gentleman that takes orders over the phone when You order for pick up (yes- it's always the same guy). But I never have any issues when I dine in with my family. I have been a loyal customer for the last 3 years and nothing has changed but I continue to dine with them because their food is so good!