Great cafe, nice staff.. but good luck getting a table, place is always very crowded with lying, miserable one-star yelpers.This is truly the best cafe on the Avenue.  Delicious baked goods -- honestly the best cupcakes I have ever eaten!!  Perfectly brewed coffee.  Incredibly courteous and welcoming staff that actually shows gratitude upon receiving a tip, so be sure to be generous with these folks!  Not to mention the interior has amazing feng shui.  Large wooden tables, lovely window seats, huge cafe bar.  Plus, the staff has superb musical taste, and they play it at just the right volume.  I always leave B2 feeling relaxed and satisfied.  Can't wait to get a cup today!This place has a great location and a cool atmosphere. I was excited that they had green juice options at a price that isn't over the top. The problem is that I feel like I am imposing when ordering juice and I also feel like I am not "in" with the staff. It is ridiculous but this place evokes adolescent insecurities in me. Absurd as that may be, I don't want to give someone money for making me feel a little worse (I only like my S&M with alcohol).
   I chose to live in this neighborhood because while there is a lot of growth and change happening, the people who lived here for generations patronize the new businesses. Having lived through some rocky gentrification periods in No Libs, Fishtown, West Philly and even Manayunk over the last 20-some years, I know that this is a wonderful anomaly where natives and transplants are building a mutually beneficial community. It kills me to read reviews stating that B2 staff treat South Philly locals like they are morons. I totally believe it though. I look real working class and incognito when I am on my way to my studio. Maybe if I write "working artist"on my hoodie I will get my coffee without the side of superficial disregard.
  If the staff were professional and kind this place could be so awesome.This place is amazing. The coffee and food is great. They treat the customers exactly how they deserve to be treated. I'll go back many more times.Non-dairy frozen yogurt and smoothies, fresh juice and Wi-Fi.  Need I say more? 
The only downside is that I wish they had couches/more comfortable seating options.  The window seats they do have are lovely, though.I've brought my tiny tot friend into B2 to eat many a messy peanut butter & honey sandwich. No one has EVER given us any huff at all - and I'm straight up admitting to letting my friend go hard with the peanut butter and honey all over the cafe table because i didn't have to be the one to clean it up.
The food is great, they've got vegan soft serve ( SERIOUSLY! ) and the prices are reasonable.
Basically b2 is great, and all the BS you're reading is just that - BS.I'm disgusted that I even have to put ONE star for this awful place. It's filthy in there & I mean filthy. Like how long was that cream cheese sitting out? The staff are always rude & impatient like they are the only coffee shop on the block (they aren't) Black & Brew is right down the street and they have much better coffee & food!I love the juices here... apple beet ginger ginger (yes, double ginger!!) or the banana peanut butter with vegan soft serve are my favs.  Great teas with great names - Tranquili-tea anyone?My wife and I stopped in to grab a cup of coffee and walk the neighborhood. The place was hopping! Even with the line of customers we were served quickly. What was most impressive to both us was the lady who served us kept an upbeat attitude, smiled and talked with us - she never seemed frazzled or frustrated. Such great service.
And the coffee... so good. I drink mine black and this was legit. Thanks B2 we will be back soon.yeah this place has the worst service. went in a few times for a small coffee (super easy order) you would've thought i was asking them to pick the beans, roast them and make a fresh new pot along with clean my house. i won't go back here ever.I've never disliked anything from B2. They have some seriously great smoothies, and the option to choose fat free, sugar free, or dairy free frozen yogurt earns them extra points in my book. 
I've also been please with the baguettes. Something as simples as avocado, toffuti, red onion, and sundried tomatoes on crusty bread turned out to be seriously delicious. 
My only gripe is that they are cash only. If you have the time, run to CVS or Acme for a pack of gum and cash back and save A bit on the ATM fees.Have been coming here for years and have noticed the staff getting progressively worse in terms of service and attitude. I love the fresh juices but after my experience today, don't plan on returning. There's plenty of other coffee shops in the p'unk area that give great service, employ nice people and have better coffee.Coffee bar!  There's a bar where you can read the paper and drink coffee.  Bring your own mug if you wanna.  You should tip.  Remember to tip.This is a great little local coffee shop that serves excellent coffee and doesn't charge you an arm and a leg for it. The atmosphere is great, with good music, cool art and folks enjoying their day together or clicking away on their laptops. They also have a wide array of baked goods (some of which are vegan) and everything I've sampled has been delicious. I love to stop here and enjoy coffee and a cookie when I'm trying to get some work done and just want to get out of the house.The vegan ice cream with vegan sprinkles is amazing. I like the discount on BYO mug coffee too. I can't wait to try some of the baked goods from B2 on my next visit. I hate that it's not closer to me, but if it were the prices would probably be double. Can't wait to go back.This place is like my second home. The soy lattes are always great and don't get me started with the sandwiches here, AMAZING!!! Staffs are friendly and funny at times. It's a good hang out place with friends or simply with my books. The walls are always hung with different art each month from local artists, which is another big plus. I have been going back there and will keep going back!I've been here a couple of times and both times it felt like I was bothering the employees, which is amusing actually. So I'm bothering you to do your job?! Asking for a regular cup of coffee in a polite manner and getting an attitude equals no repeat business from me. By the way, this has nothing to do with the incident recently. Thanks Yelp for removing my review and making me repost it. I wouldn't go to this place if you paid me and for whoever reported me..well thanks!I came here because I was craving a little pastry and some tea to go with reading with my book. I saw the yummy looking pics of several pastries in Yelp so hence my inclination to try them for the first time. Two people were behind the counter. The young gentleman was nice and took my order while the woman looked generally unhappy while she was looking at her phone multiple times. I got a rooibos tea and a vegan lemon poppy seed muffin. I sat down and situated myself for some thrilling reading. I got a call and had to leave suddenly. I asked the employees behind the counter if I could have a To Go cup and a bag for my dry, dry vegan muffin(it seriously crumbled so easily). The guy again was the helpful one while the woman gave a blank, cold stare. I really don't think I heard her say anything or look remotely happy the entire time I was there until her friend popped in while I was leaving and her attitude perked right up. If you're in the service industry, just fake a small smile or somewhat happy facade. Too cool for school brooding attitudes and negative energies don't go unnoticed and easily transfer. Also, the vegan muffin recipe needs some reworking, unless that muffin was getting old. It wasn't satisfying at all.What a wonderful, wonderful cafe with the  most professional, upbeat and HONEST employees ever!!!  I hope everything turns out for the best for you and that your restaurant is flooded with GOOD people that don't say horrible and UNTRUE things about you!!!Nice staff, tasty vanilla latte, as they make their own vanilla syrup. 
Cash only, $1 off if you bring your own cup. Be sure to know the size of your cup!Stars for serving vegan soft serve; only 2 for putting so much sugar in it that I had to throw half of it away. 
The staff were nice.So, this place has a bit of notoriety from all the drama, but that did not deter me from checking it out. The cafe has a very relax feel to it, and has a decent amount of tables. A few of the tables are very large, which is good when you want to be on your laptop, with your coffee, and some food. The barista was real friendly, so I do no get where the rude behaviors come from. The coffee was a nice pick me up and the bagel with cream cheese was good. The only drawback, they only accept cash. They have an ATM, but I rather not pay a fee. Still, the place deserves to be checked out regardless of what ever useless mudslinging that is being hurled by the "natives" in South Philly.DISCLAIMER: No. I am not writing because of the cell phone incident.  
PROS: actually good sandwhiches and moderately good pastries
CONS: The cappuccinos and lattes taste as if the milk has been scortched - and this is from several baristas. Too much money for a bad product 
The layout is pretty uncomfortable. The bar takes up a lot of space and the line ends up going out the door but no one is really sure where to stand and order, pay and wait. 
The staff, though not all, is fairly rude. Order swiftly, correctly, and with no substitutions otherwise you will get a rude response. 
Also, I find I am treated the worst when I wear my work ID (I'm a local teacher). Not really sure why that has made a difference. 
The music is really loud and uncomfortable. 
The bar area is typically cluttered and messy. 
An order can take a very long time for unknown reasons. 
Cash only, and the ATM service fee is whoa.
Eh. The pros don't quite outweigh the cons on this one. I'd say if you enjoy rude service and a $4.00 cup of bad coffee, this place is for you. 
If you like good service and bad coffee for $4.00 try Starbucks. 
Otherwise, black and brew (down the street) is pretty good and the people are nice.  
But all the locals know that best mocha is at Capogiro.Came here the other day for vegan ice cream. Wow! So good and SO cheap! $1.50 for a huge portion! Can't wait to come back.The coffee was bad! It was bitter and burnt tasting. It felt like they were trying to cover up that it was actually a weird 50s diner. The wi-fi was fast...thats the best think i can say about this place. I didn't taste the food.Best place to hang out or do work. Great location. excellent service. The baristas are always willing to chat even if I am just being a needy pain in the ass; they are always kind. Coffee is good, food is yummy. Lots of outlets too. All in all it is solid if you are looking for an unpretentious, friendly, yet "artsy" coffee-shop to  get your shit done, or just hang out.Coffee is good but the place needs to be soaked in clorox.  It smells like a Phish show...dirty hippy smell.  I walked in took a whiff,  and was looking for the nitrous tanks.This would be my 3rd time in B2 and will be my last. I was there yesterday around 5. 
The first time I felt uncomfortable. I never really felt this place was friendly but the smoothies and muffins here are good. 
I walked in and ask to know what muffins were available. The employee (female) told me which were available and I told her what muffin I wanted. She asked if I want a bag and I said no, thank you. She walked over with the muffin in her hand and said there's no seats. She didn't say it in a rude tone she just seemed annoyed that I was planning to stay with the two year old I was with. I told her there's seats in the corner and that I would like a plate please. I paid her and she never gave me a plate. Without a plate I took the muffin to the corner window seats. She never returned with a plate and I just felt uncomfortable being there with the baby so I left. 
Like I said she wasn't down right rude but I just don't appreciate the fact that she said there was no seats when indeed there was 3 seats available (4 seats available if you count the 1 seat at the bar which an employee was sitting on) and that she didn't give me a plate at all. 
Chhaya on the other hand is wonderful and friendly period. If they didn't close at 3, that would be our spot for afternoon muffins.Been watching B2 for a number of years and never went in until this past Saturday. Now, I am afraid, I have started a habit. A cute coffee/tea/bagel/pastry place with very little frills and a cool, calm atmosphere. If Brunch is not really your thing, and you are just looking for a quiet place to read your newspaper or facebook page while having a bagel, B2 is your place. They have a variety of breakfast sandwiches available on a bagel or baguette, fruit smoothies, coffees and teas. The crowd moves quick here, so you won't be waiting for an hour to eat. Dog Friendly!For the coffee enthusiast that I am,  my friend who lives in the neighborhood recommended this place as her top coffee shop so naturally I had to indulge once, twice, three times, daily?! (yes!) My normal Venti Vanilla Black Eye that I used to get a Starbucks is half the price at this joint not to mention you bring your own cup - $1 off the price! Who doesn't like a discount? Coffee is great, staff is attentive and there is plenty of tables and space for strapping in for an afternoon of studying for my PMP certification. Love recommendations and love my coffee!Eh. I don't really get the rave reviews for this place. I went in today to get an iced coffee, and I was really thrown off by the layout. It was cramped and odd, and not really cozy at all. The people seemed to be having a nice time, and the gentleman who served me was fairly nice, if perhaps a bit indifferent to my being there. And I have to agree with Greg B. on the menu thing. It's nice that they're trying to be different and artsy, but all I could see when looking from afar was a jumble of letters. Very tough to read. The coffee was enjoyable and I got a refill for $1, but just not really my cup of tea (or coffee, har har har). I guess I'll have to give it a second chance to try the food, because that seems to be their strong point.i have officially defected from black and brew, after an incident with bad milk, i wandered sneakingly across the street to B2. Love, love, love this place. dog friendly, staff is great, and i have even found myself craving the vegan peanutbutter cookies, which is big for me as i denounce all desserts vegan. i also love that they allow me to convince myself that i'm having a "smoothie" when we all know that when it has ice cream its a milkshake!B2 could be great- it's in a great location, the coffee is pretty good and the cafe itself is cute and quaint however the baristas are constantly complaining behind the counter. There's one very nice man who is super sweet and professional but that's it. It's not ideal sitting at your laptop trying to work listening to how much the baristas hate their jobs. They also complain openly about other customers non stop. It just leaves a bad taste in your mouth. I'm surprised this particular individual still has a job. Replace (some) of the staff with courteous generally happy positive people, and you will have 5 stars from me.Food selection is spot on and the coffee is decent. They have exactly what I'm craving on a Saturday/Sunday morning: bagels, sandwiches, smoothies and more.
I had a bagel with chive cream cheese, which they give you on the side so you can spread the amount you please. It was really good! previously I have had the chicken salad sandwich which was also very good. You don't pay for your food until your about to leave which is a little awkward considering it is a coffee shop.
A great place to do work except the internet is a little wonky. But the space is a nice light green and usually has artwork up from a previous art opening. The staff is generally friendly except for the male barista I had to deal with (major 'tud).I love this place!  I live close by and am thrilled that such a great place is so close.  It is so casual and comfortable, a great place to sit and chat with friends or get some work done.  The staff is always very friendly and helpful.  The coffee, while not the best I've ever had, is definitely good enough to buy on a regular basis.  The best thing about this place is their food...they have really unique and delicious sandwiches and bagels for very reasonable prices.  I always come by on weekends when I'm in no rush, so the slowish (only for food) service has never bothered me.  Check this place out if you're in the area, you won't be disappointed!2 stars for 50% of the staff being polite and super friendly / Vegan soft serve.Coffees great, foods awesome, the people that work there are nice too! Bit pricey for some of the food but it's delish, and if you bring your own cup you get a discount off your coffee  recycling and saving is always cool in my bookHad the everything bagel with cream cheese avocado and tomato.  It was delicious.  But my double espresso sat chilling on the espresso machine for several minutes before I had to ask about it.  Also, make sure you tone down and smiles or peppiness before entering B2, as you will just receive disgusted glances in exchange.  And watch out for dogs on chairs that knock over drinks which spill on your coat.This place is great, and for a variety of reasons I will list short-hand.
1) relaxed atmosphere. 
2) window seats. I love them & they make for great reading nooks with excellent sunlight. 
3) dog friendly. I love dogs, and was so happy to find another place in the city that welcomes our furry friends. 
4) juices and sandwiches. I've had three different sandwiches so far and all excellent. Their juices are amazing too. Pick what you want and they juice right in front of you. I'm also a big chai latte gal, and their chai is delicious. 
5) plenty of seating. They have tables, window nooks, and bar seating. 
Final Notes: 
-It is cash only, so a heads up.
-staff has always been super friendly to me, so cannot relate to other experiences mentioned in reviews. 
-I also see an ice cream machine and am looking forward to returning when it's warm out to grab a cone.Loved their coffee, sandwiches are ok (like someone else wrote, it was often enough that I saw brown spots on my avocado). Really limited seating and also the staff to me seemed pretty moody here... Maybe it's a city thing but pretty annoying to me when I thank someone for the service and I only get silence in return. I used to go fairly often but only because I lived across the street.Friendly service a wide-ranging but manageable menu with indoor and outdoor seating makes an inviting environment. The walls seem a bit bare but do match the wide plank floors and antique feeling of the space. The menu consists of tasty sandwich's for carnivores and vegetarians alike. The coffee is not all that special but the freshly pressed juice and soft serve yogurt are great additions to normal coffee house fare. 
The small space doesn't fit many tables and getting a spot can be troublesome at times. There's also a few sidewalk tables, though not much shade outside.Super cute small coffee shop. I always get whitefish on a bagel with a strawberry and banana smoothie and they're both delicious. A lot of vegan options. My roommate usually gets an iced coffee which he loves. The atmosphere is friendly and a nice place to bring your laptop and do work at. Nice staff also!!Yes! No frills, great cappuccino for really affordable prices. It's a nice place to sit and read for an hour or so. I recommend a quick stop in here for a hot drink during the winter.Yep, this is a great spot - both for food and coffee, and as a meet-up or work space.  I met with another remote co-worker and we spent most of the day there working and chatting.  Coffee, tea, chocolate+peanut butter smoothie, freshly squeeze grapefruit juice, and I think some sort of a muffin or scone were all consumed throughout my hours there (I was super hungover, so I was thirsty and hungry for everything).  Everything I had was top notch, especially given my fragile state.  The staff made me feel at home - I was able to walk up to the counter and say, "I'm really hungover and I need something tremendously satisfying" and get a good recommendation!  The wifi was free and worked without issue.  The tables were big and there were plenty of outlets.  I shall return.Perhaps my favorite coffee place in all of Philly. Friendly, low-key, neighborhood atmosphere. Baguettes are excellent, as is the vegan or dairy ice cream. Bring your own mug and save a $1. Across the street from the Pope, couldn't be a better E. Passyunk location.I came to B2 last night with a friend for a quick bite and some coffee. It has a very laid back atmosphere, with lots of space and huge tables to spread out for work. If I lived in the immediate area, it would be a top pick for laptop work or a comfy coffeehouse read.
Though they were out of my initial choice (chicken salad), the avocado, tomato, and cream cheese on a toasted everything bagel was top-notch, and the thoughtful sprinkle of pepper and salt was a great touch. I appreciated that they prepare everything as it's ordered and not pre-packaged. My latte was also amazing, if a bit on the foamy side.
Cash only, so be sure to grab some bills beforehand.This is a great place that offers much more than your average coffee shop. Their smoothies are fresh, and delicious, and they have a ton of great brunch/lunch options. Its quick, delicious, and usually a great atmosphere to hang out, study, or catch up with friends. Plenty of veggie/vegan options as well!though i do love B2, due to its proximity to my bus stop AND my apartment, i've never been a fan of their awkward set-up.  
i'll start with the only thing that really, really bugs me.  when you come in, you get served as if you're at a bar ordering a drink.  while it's nice when you're not in a rush, it's a little frustrating when there are a billion other people trying to order (ie., on a saturday or sunday morning, especially).  
they really know how to pull a shot or make a cappuccino.  their coffee, however, isn't my favorite.  
the food, however - DELICIOUS!  great bagels, sandwiches, and baked goods.  and the smoothies?  swoon.Terrible customer service. My friend left his phone at one of the outdoor tables and called to see if it was still out there. The guy sat silent on the phone for a minute and said it wasn't there. Clearly just too lazy to give the minimal effort it would take to walk over and glance to see if it was still on the table. 
My friend walked back to see for himself. Sure enough the phone was still sitting on the table. Good looks man.The Benna's tradition continues, and gets better! I'm a Benna's Original regular, but B2 serves up some good eatins' and drinkins' and I stop in whenever my schedule permits. Delish!!!!!I'm a huge Benna's fan, and I love b2 almost as much -- it just depends on the atmosphere I'm looking for/purpose of my visit. I head to b2 when I need VEGAN SOFT SERVE with rainbow sprinkles (!!!), smoothies, or when I'm with others and we want to sit around and eat yummy sandwiches and need a little more space to spread out (b2 is bigger than Benna's).
All of the staff I've encountered at b2 are sweet, outgoing, and attentive. The outdoor seating is lovely in nice weather. There are also large windows that make the place open and bright inside. I've seen b2 get crowded, but I've never had a problem finding a seat.
Also, the P.O.P.E. is right across the street, in case you need a drink after your bagel? Just saying.I absolutely love the vegan cream cheese, avocado, and tomato bagels here.  Couple that with a Sweet White Van decked out in the cute crocheted cozy, and I'm set for hours.  Also, as a city dweller who can't have a dog of his own, I love getting to go see the pups here!When I was apartment hunting in Philadelphia in 2010, I stumbled upon B2 for the first time. I walked in and was instantly intimidated.
With that being said, I've been going to B2 since 2010 and it seems like a lot of things have changed. The baristas go out of their way to get to the customers in line as fast as they can. Maybe they're not as chatty as you'd like them to be, but come on. Would you really want to see the person you're waiting for to serve you laughing it up with someone four people ahead of you? I don't think so!
I really like their iced coffee, I always feel happily caffeinated.
In terms of food, I'm into the tomato, mozzarella and basil sandwich on a baguette. Only on a baguette! I can't get behind the bagels. I usually can tolerate any bagels, but there's just something about theirs that feels wrong to me.
Depending on the time of day, it's kind of hard to sit. Every table is usually filled by someone camped out, glued to their ipad screen.
Personally, I'm more offended with the people that go to B2 than the people that work there.I've been here only once so far so I don't want to be too judgmental.  Perhaps I'll have a more favorable opinion after another visit or two.
Really I don't need to say much other than echo other reviewers' comments re: hipsters.  I simply didn't feel welcome when I sat down to order my honey and brie sandwich.  I asked for some water and after the girl behind the counter poured it then started to bring the glass over the counter.  I met her hand to take it and a bit of water spilled.  "Whoa, just let me set it down, OK??" cried the barista.  I didn't think this was a thing to get one's panties in a bunch about but my attempt to take the glass seemed to agitate her.  I didn't have much interaction with her afterwards as I watched her bob her hipster head to the nondescript emopop blaring in the background.
Now I know this isn't a full service place but I wanted more water and had to eventually go to the other end of the counter to finally get the attention of the other girl working there, who was engrossed in conversation with a friend.
Pretty much every baked good is vegan.  I wish there were more of a non-vegan selection.  Some vegan baked goods can be good, but only certain kinds of items.  If you think that any baked good can be just as good if its vegan, I'm sorry but you have no taste.  If I go there a few more times I wouldn't be surprised to run into someone I remember from college who ate at the co-op below my dorm, where dessert could be a sugarless cake with tofu-based frosting.
So yes I'm using some hyperbole here but I just didn't get a very good vibe from the place.  Further bulletins as events warrant, and I actually try a few other things.Nancy defintely knows how to run a coffee shop.  I feel fortunate to share a 'hood with such a fine establishment.Great place to chill, work and read with good coffee and food. It's pretty crowded on the weekends so save chilling for weekdays. Can't write a review of B2 without mentioning owner Nancy Trachtenberg who is always cool and friendly. Try the Benna Cap and Almond Croissant.Went last weekend and fell in love! Got some sort of vanilla latte with almond milk and a sandwich on gluten free bread. So.freaking.good. I've been to Chhaya, Black & brew, plenty cafe and grindcore and B2 has the BEST gluten free bread (most of the places I just mentioned don't even offer GF options.lame.) The staff wasn't overly friendly but they weren't rude. And the music was great, I'm pretty sure the entire cafe had a singalong to a Stevie Nicks song. Def recommend it.Although the cafe-style food options are great, this is not my favorite coffee shop in the city. The workers are rude and have been for years. Having managed several coffee shops myself including one in Oregon, I expect a certain level of service that should be a cut above McDonalds and it just seems like the girls who work there have attitudes and chips on their shoulders no matter how friendly I am towards them. This isn't Elixr or Ultimo, coffee shops that have been nationally recognized for their superior coffee and serious professional baristas. B2 is a quaint cafe with a decent vegan friendly food menu, semi trained baristas, average coffee beverages, and snobby pretentious hipsters.I like the Iced coffee sandwiches! Feel free to bring your dog in here too while you're ordering- dog friendly! Quaint little cafe.
I got the avocado, tomato, cream cheese (I think this is #3) on a toasted white sandwich. The sandwiches are made to order so it takes like 20-30 minutes especially if they get busy just fyi. Slow Service. Iced coffee is average but I think the sandwiches are good quality and they give a decent amount of toppings. Sandwiches are about ~7. The bread makes it pretty filling.
Cute spot to grab a bite to eat for lunch. It get kind of crowded inside but I saw some people with laptops doing work/studying.
I think this is a good place if you're vegan.I agree with the review below. I really like B2's smoothies ,bagels, and coffee. However, the staff is insanely rude and self righteous. No eye contact, total disregard for general components of customer service. I work in restaurants and have my whole life. I have a feeling that a lot of people who frequent B2 work on the ave, in the industry, etc. There are a few VERY nice people who work there, blonde girl, short girl with glasses always wears a hat. But that short haired little barista needs a reality check. She is so hard to deal with it's just out of control. I wish I knew her hours, so I could not go in when she is there. When I walk in and see her there I am so irritated. One time her and someone who was slightly new were just BLASTING gangster rap with the N word every five seconds, it was honestly pathetic. I will go to plenty instead from now on, unless I glance through the window and see the nice girls working. Get real short haired bike tattoo girl- you aren't saving the world, and everyone our age works in and out of hospitality industry. 
GO to PLENTY where they are ALWAYS more than polite, and not judging you for not being HIP enough.I like my order (tea w/ soy milk).
You can add your own sweeteners at their self serve condiment area.
Went on a Sunday morning and did not dig that theres so many people there. 
Hipsters wont do you any harm. So chill and enjoy your cup of joe. :)Yeah, so I'm not sure who Gary and Bridget G. are on here, but they are complete tools looking for a fight, obviously.  It's totally rude of you guys to trash a local business that depends on reviews like this.  If this were a business that warranted such remarks, then I get it, but I know for a fact that it is not.  I think I know who the blue-haired girl is and the last thing she is a "rude snowflake."  LMAO.  Please go to B2; the staff is hands down the best on Passsyunk (Black 'N Brew = yech, ich, and blah all at the same time), and the smoothies, coffee/tea selection, sandwiches, and muffins are top flight whether you're a vegan or not.  5 STARS!Very cute and cozy coffee shop. The staff was really friendly. I really love their long hours on weekends! I've only had their 2 shot expresso over ice. But it was really good. I also had a piece of sweet pound cake! It was freshly baked which was nice. I am definitely coming back.I have to admit.  I'm a sucker for iced coffee.  I don't even feel bad anymore about spending $2+ on it because it is like my lifeblood and it keeps me going.  SO, what's a South Philly girl to do with no Starbucks in a 10+ block radius?  Go to B2!!! (or Gleaners, but thats a different review)
I always felt like I would be intruding on someones reading group at Benna's, but I have to say, I get a different vibe here.  It's more spacious with more room for customers and beautiful natural lighting.  The layout is a huge improvement over E's, and has a bar counter and bar stools like Benna's (which I think is genius!)  
Although there are a ton of tempting food and beverage options written on the blackboard menu, my main mission whenever I hit up a coffee shop is the iced coffee and theirs is a real treat.  It cost between $2-2.50 for a large depending on whether you get it to stay or to go and is  delicious!  Strong enough, not watery, not too much ice - just the way I like it.   Plus they don't charge you extra for soy milk if that's what you prefer.Great coffee and teas and a nice quiet atmosphere.  They offer large tables if you're looking to do work in a quiet setting and there are always people there working or studying.  The staff is very friendly and the tip jars offer daily votes on odd conversation starting comparisons.  Sit at the bar or a table and relax in this nice little (dog friendly too!) coffee house.Pros: Juices are tasty, bagels are good.
Cons: Music is always realllly loud even though people are there to either a) talk to a friend or b) do some work.   I also unfortunately have had similar experiences with the staff that other posters have written about.  My most recent interaction was when I ordered a grapefruit juice with basil in it.  The employee responded that she didn't know if she *could* do that, and that she thought the basil would "interfere with the integrity of the juice." I'm not really sure what she meant by either of those comments, especially because I didn't ask what she thought of the combination (a favorite of mine) and because the combination was one that was introduced to me by a B2 employee a year ago... It seemed that she just didn't really want to be bothered by having to add basil? I'm not sure...but it was a pretty weird experience.  
All in all, I've enjoyed Chhaya and ultimo much more and have felt they have very friendly staff and tasty food/beverages.The vegan vanilla soft-serve was amazing here.  On a summer day, hang out here and enjoy a cheap coffee (much much less than the price of a Starbucks cup of coffee) and treat yourself with a vegan/non-dairy vanilla soft serve ($1.50) with vegan chocolate sprinkles ($0.50).  I will certainly be back to hang out and study here more often!  The girl at the counter who served me wasn't the most friendly, but not so much that she made me want to stay away from this place.Good food but really shitty staff. I can't stress enough how irritating it is to order something from here. It's like they get mad when there's a customer. If you hate your job then maybe you should quit.I recently moved to the Passyunk area and have taken forever to find the ideal spot for frittering away a late Saturday morning. My problems were solved today when I finally girded my loins and entered B2 after passing it every day for the last few weeks.
Although the bar-style ordering might seem intimidating, I found that the line moved very quickly. The staff was immensely friendly and timely with my order -- the barista even helped me find a seat, since the place was relatively crowded. What nice service! 
The bagel sandwich I had was amazing -- generous amounts of goat cheese, thick slices of cucumber, and fresh basil leaves on a delightful toasted wheat bagel. All of this for 5.50, and I am still full from it! The coffee was satisfactory, and I got a complimentary refill with the mug-sized serving. The rest of the menu looked just as appetizing, with a ton of vegetarian and vegan-friendly options to boot! I can't wait to come back again and try something else.
I'm not 100% sure why people complain about "the hipster crowd" here --  it feels pretty petty and detracts from what is a cozy, reasonably priced cafe with friendly service and yummy food. My only (very, very minor nitpicky) complaints are that the place is cash only and the table I sat at was perilously wobbly. Definitely recommended!Another very cool find in the city of brotherly love! B2 sits directly across from the Pub on Passyunk along the up and coming East Passyunk Avenue in South Philly. B2 is definitely worth a visit, as they provide a very nice view to people watch, whether you decide to sit inside or out. The coffee is fresh, the sandwiches are good (brie, honey, apples, and walnuts on ciabatta anyone?), and the staff are friendly. I have yet to try any of their other coffee drinks or even the delicious looking baked goods that line the bar, but that only provides more incentive for me to return.I'm the dork who goes to coffee shops all the time but doesn't drink coffee, so I can't comment on the quality of that black, bitter brew everyone else seems to like so well. 
The friendly baristas at B2 hook me up with iced tea garnished with lemon and ask if I want a refill when I sit at the counter with someone else's cast-off Inquirer or the City Paper.  They substitute sun-dried tomatoes on the tomato-basil-mozzarella sandwich and endure me whining about crappy out-of-season tomatoes with a smile.  They blend up my weird smoothie requests (yes, I really want cucumber-melon-pineapple-mango, vegan, please) and laugh at my bad jokes. 
I love B2. It's a real community hub down here, just like its older-but-littler sister Benna's down the way.  Also, vegan softserve!  It's only $1.50 and lac-tards like myself love it.I come here every week to get the peanut butter smoothie and coffee. It's one of my favorite breakfast joints in South Philly. Everyone is super friendly and inviting. This place gets really busy on the weekends, but it's totally worth it!So I basically signed up for yelp because I hate this place so much. If you love hipsters with huge dogs who do nothing but talk about the fountain porter, this is your place.This place is great, and for a variety of reasons I will list short-hand.
1) relaxed atmosphere. you don't feel like you're in an uppity coffee shop where you get stared at for not wearing you trendiest outfit. 
2) window seats. I love them & they make for great reading nooks with excellent sunlight. 
3) dog friendly. I love dogs, and was so happy to find another place in the city that welcomes our furry friends. 
4) juices and sandwiches. I've had three different sandwiches so far and all excellent. Their juices are amazing too. Pick what you want and they juice right in front of you. I'm also a big chai latte gal, and their chai is delicious. 
5) plenty of seating. They have tables, window nooks, and bar seating. 
Final Notes: 
-It is cash only, so a heads up.
-staff has always been super friendly to me, so cannot relate to other experiences mentioned in reviews. 
-I also see an ice cream machine and am looking forward to returning when it's warm out to grab a cone.Good spot for a quick bite--muffins, bagels, pastries, sandwiches, etc. especially for those vegan hipsters out there.  The also have vegan soft serve which, according to our dairyless friends who recently visited for the weekend, is beyond fantastic.  It was a pit stop every day of their trip!
The only criticism is the hot tea....a pint glass? Really?  Although the little knitted/crocheted yarn coozies are cute, they don't make up for the scorching hot glass and all the schmutzy tea leaves that are undoubtedly floating around in it.Love it here! Such a great neighborhood spot. The coffee is good and they have great bagel sandwich options. It's a good place to come for a bite and I often see people working or reading. The staff is always very nice. I believe it's cash only but they do have an ATM on site so that's no big deal. Definitely recommend for a coffee or breakfast/lunch on East Passyunk ave.Terrific place; my wife and I come in all the time and sit with our 2 dogs by the window. We have never been treated impolitely; the staff have always been cordial and even coddle the pups. And they've not been snide about the menu either. People certainly have different experiences and I want to in no way invalidate someone else's perceptions, but we come here very very often and we're not punk rockers or Hipsters and the staff treat us kindly, respectfully, and are extremely easygoing.when i approach the counter, im not sure whats going on.  whose in line, is it my turn, etc.  then they only accept cash, okay its 2011 not the 1970s, if you wanna do cash only give us a free atm in the corner.  when i walk up to the counter i expect to be greeted with a hello, do you need help.  last but not least, you should put some ice in your smoothies.  drinking warm smoothies in the summer time is whack.really good coffee, amazing sparkling lemonade, and tasty bagel sandwiches - i love b2. the servers are always friendly (unlike last drop). 
tables can be pretty scare sometimes (especially in the winter). 
they're totally cool with bringing dogs in, too!This coffee shop is the BEST.
There is always soy milk available, the coffee is a delicious, balanced roast, and their sandwiches are so good!
Fresh tomatoes, avocados aplenty, and many vegan options make this place amazing.  Cozy seating and nice baristas make it a great visit for some reading on a Sunday afternoon.