Ba Le is a hidden jewel! People are very friendly and helpful. I recently began to go in there to try different type of dishes and so far, everything I've tried was delicious! I especially love Banh Gio, which is made with rice flour and pork. The humongous grilled chicken thigh, Dui Ga, is also to die for!Good dessert... a tad over priced though. Poor service too...  actually very very very very poor service... but still good dessert :) go che! Have to try the pink one I usually do not like dessert but this is yummyI don't know what happened, but something changed over the past few years since I first reviewed.
The #2 (pork banh mi) has changed for the worse. The sauce they marinate it in is different and it seems like a fattier cut of pork than it used to be from the last few times that I've had it.
It's pretty tragic considering how great the #2 used to be. Cafe Cuong makes a better regular banh mi and Lee's makes a better pork banh mi.I was torn about how to rate this place for a few reasons. First of all, the sign says restaurant, but there is no seating available inside. The prices were very reasonable. I got a chicken hoagie. 
The bread was amazing, very fluffy and delicious. I loved the sauce that they put on the sandwiches, but was not too impressed with the quality of the meat they used. I found myself picking out the fatty pieces and was left with barely any meat on my sandwich. My boyfriend got the pork hoagie and did not seem to have the same problem. 
I would give this place another try because i loved everything about the sandwich besides the meat. Maybe it was a fluke. The staff was very friendly. There was a young man working who very pleasantly answered all of our questions about the food.Banh Mi sandwiches here are awful. Bread sucks. Veggies are cut big, and too sour. Less pate and too much soy sauce. Mayo had a funky stench to it. Was craving a Banh Mi, ahh did not like at all, very disappointed. 
Best thing about this bakery is that certain foods are ready to pick up and already made. From random meats, pasteries, smoothies etc. convenient and great. 
Parking in this plaza is a pain. Might want to park on the street.I visited this place years ago before I started Yelping.  Then I read reviews of this place and figured i'd give it a try again.  Well I wasnt disappointed.  The place is a 100x better then my visit years ago.  It was bad back then.  
I order the chicken banh mi.  It is very good and my favorite in the place.  The bbq bahn mi was recommended to me by another customer but i'll order that next time.  Bread is really crusty and soft just the right amount of veggies and mayo/butter they put on it.  Im not sure what they put on the bread, taste like butter to me lol.  The only thing I do warn you about is that my chicken had small bones in it.  I dont believe that is supposed to be, but i'll tell them next time.  I still recommend this place!
Happy Eatings!!My quest for delicious banh mi in Philly is unfulfilled. If you have a good rec, please help! I got two sandwiches, the special combination and one with anchovies (to try something that isn't on everyone's menu). The sandwiches were ok (better than Cafe Cuong, the only other banh mi I've had so far in Philly), a decent size, with fresh bread. They use these see-through plastic wrappers which I thought were cute, but didn't help the taste any ;) The place is quite big but didn't seem to be busy. I'm craving CA chains like Lees, Paris, and other joints like Saigon right now.I just wanted a good, tasty banh mi, and they gave me a PRE-MADE bland sandwich.  (I've never been to a place where they don't make them to order.)  
In my whole life, this was the first banh mi that I didn't finish!  Bleeccch!!!  Bad bad bad!!!Be Le is the king of Vietnamese hoagies (Banh Mi) and quick-to-go-grab Vietnamese baked goods in south Philadelphia. If you don't know what a banh mi is, your best bet is to google it first. It's definitely not your typical hoagie and you'll shock your tastebuds from the savory flavorful meat and sour fermented vegetables.
Their menu of banh mi is compact, but they have all the options you would want. Recently the prices HAVE gone up, but $6 for a hoagie still isn't too bad.. but it is not something I would buy all the time. My boyfriend loves the shredded chicken banh mi here since it includes a delicious home made sauce that makes all the difference. He always pairs it with the Vietnamese iced coffee which he loves from here. Usually, I opt for the cold cut or the dac biet (special). Both have very unique tastes -- both so satisfying.
I am also obsessed with the heated quick-grab foods here. The egg rolls are tasty and crispy (better than ordering at Vietnamese restaurants imo). And the sesame seed balls are also made to perfection. With these you have to eat immediately because even a day of storing them will change the flavor and texture completely. 
The bakery itself can be disorganized since there is just a counter with food all around it, but you're free to just walk around and browse the store. Most of it is self serve other than the drinks and banh mi. After you know what you want you simple walk up to the counter and place an order or pay for what you picked out.
This is the "go to" banh mi place and is great for a quick and affordable bite to eat. It may not be the best, but it is convenient!The first place I ever had Vietnamese coffee and I'll never forget it. So delicious. The banh mi here is good too, and I'm a sucker for cute packaging.
P.S. - The owner/manager is hottttThey have the best tofu banh mi in the city.  We get them for parties and all of the vegetarians (well...everyone really) RAVE about these sandwiches.Take my money! 
Ba Le is a spot where people from different states travel to and pack a whole car of food to bring back. They remind me of Vietnam due to the numerous types of food that they carry. 
BEST CHA GIO! Yea yea you can't get cha gio anywhere else for real. 
I usually come by for a quick pickup of banh mi and nuoc sam/nuoc mat. They have recently remodeled the place and it looks great! Cleaner and more modern but that comes with a price. Their prices has been increasing since the last however long I've been a customer for. Their banh mi are a bit overpriced and hey, at least their banh mi is worth the size!be careful when you check out, they might over charge you :) it happen twice. I didn't notice they over charge me until I get home, and they are closed. 
At second time, when they told me the total, it sounds over charge and I look it on receipt and yes, they over charge AGAIN! 
All in all their food is nice, love it hoagies, Vietnamese-coffee, and summer rollYou know what's better than well made sesame beignets filled with mung beans? 
Nothing.My husband and I have been living in Bella Vista for a while and have been meaning to venture into Ba Le for some time. A mutual craving for banh mi finally brought us there today for lunch, and we weren't disappointed. We walked in to find a lively atmosphere filled with all sorts of goodies -- from hot food to a wide assortment of snacks and takeaway foods, as well as and desserts sold by the cup in a back refrigerator. We ordered the grilled pork (#2 on the menu) and shredded pork (#9) banh mi, and also tried the fried bananas for dessert. The fresh and flaky bread, the pickled vegetables, the healthy dose of cilantro, and slices of jalepeno came together beautifully. Of the meat choices, I have to say #2 was much more to my liking than #9; the grilled pork was full of favor, whereas #2 seemed to be more like cut strips than proper shredded pork (like the kind you'd get in a BBQ sandwich) and seemed to lack flavor. The fried bananas were covered in a thick, crispy dough, making them into a super rich treat. We'll definitely be going back to try more banh mi varieties and other Vietnamese treats!"Banh mi" "hoagie" "sub". Whatever you want to call theses sandwiches they are on fresh baguettes and and packed full of fragrant herbs and greens. Watch out for the jalapeños. My sandwich had one, but not until the end so it was a pleasant surprise when my mouth caught on fire. There's also usually a long cucumber that can make the whole thing fall apart if you take bites that are too big. The Bubble tea is mighty sweet, so if sugary goodness is what you seek this is your spot. 
I make a habit of trying the foreign things on the counter top. The spring rolls are fresh like the sandwiches and come with flavorful peanut and fish sauce. The brown baked balls with sesame seeds are sweet, fried and soft in the center. The things wrapped in green leaves are the only thing that I have found unappetizing. Sometimes they are stuffed with a sticky substance that is similar to uncooked dough with various ingredients in the center. Other times they are filled with sticky peanut stuff. If you can get past the texture then give them a try.
Service is not trying to charm you, but they are fast, and pleasant enough.Been frequenting this place for almost 10 years. They definitely have their ups and downs and it seems like they sometimes switch up their bread recipes. Was not a fan of their bread for the period 2015-2016. However, they switched it up and this year 2017 the bread finally taste good! Their banh mi's are good. Not the best in the city in my opinion but can't beat the Buy 5 get 1 Free deal they offer. Also, they have Vietnamese snacks and desserts - sorta like a one stop shop for me. Also, they recently updated their menu board and counter so it looks a bit better. Their drinks are also slightly bigger compared to some other places at the same price so that's also a plus.I have never had banh mi and my sister in law and brother bought one for me and it was meal changing. The pork sandwiches are so delicious. They are fresh and the cilantro and jalapeño give the sandwich an extra taste of freshness. Every time I get one I immediately want one the next day. I got one yesterday and now I want another one.. I should just buy 5 for the week and keep the extra one in reserve :) I love being introduced to new places and delicious foods and Ba Le is on my list of favorites now.The cashier made my sandwich using the same gloves she had worn to touch the money that myself and the customer before me paid with. It's not that hard to change gloves before making food!!!Have a large selection of food. A quick stop for all your Vit munchies! All these sandwiches are amazing!Bottom line: Yum, inexpensive, and fresh. 
Lots on here about banh mi thit, but I come for the premade lunches (typical viet lunch fare of noodle and rice dishes) and my favorite - banh bao (steamed rice flour bun with peppery seasoned ground pork and a hardboiled egg inside).  
The banh cuon (broad rice noodles with pork and mushrooms) is usually fresh and warm, they have spring/summer rolls with chargrilled pork or shrimp - both are great, and their cha lua (pork roll wrapped in banana leaf) is insane when fresh (in the mornings) on one of their warm baguettes.  I want to try their kim chee.
Most things are $3-$7. The pork roll is $10 but weighs about five pounds and will feed a family of 4 for a week, lol.  Goooood stuff.
CASH ONLY under $15, and no ATM onsite (boo).It's a shame the restaurant part of this establishment closed, it was really pretty, and a place for all the guys to go watch their sports on a huge plasma on Sundays.  BUT the bakery part is still up for business.  Though I find the stuff they offer are a little over priced, it is still worth it for their huge selection.
Their hoagies are eatable,  not the best, but not bad either, [ I still think cafe Saigon has the best hoagies.  Check out my review!]  Their coffee is good, but they don't use the traditional Condensed milk which is what gives cafe sau da their creamy yummy rich texture.  Instead at Ba Le they use regular half half YUCK.  BUT it's a large cup and at .75 more then the other places, the quantity definitely beats out the quality of it.  They have a huge selection of Vietnamese desserts [my favorite is the pink pearlies in coconut milk with jellies ] ask for it to be mixed in ice [ as you should with all their desserts]   .  
Go in the morning when all their pastries are fresh, and try everything!!Their banh mi thit nguoi is always solid! Decent sized cup for avocado smoothies and is always consistent. As far as efficiency, you can't complain, as busy as they are on weekends, you're in and out. Totally great for quick bites! Especially their eggrolls!Just had a taro bubble tea and my husband had an avocado bubble tea. So good and so close to our house. Kinda pricey ($9.45 for both our drinks) but worth it. I think it's a blessing in disguise it's not cheaper otherwise id prob be here everyday.This place is just awesome!  We come here pretty frequently to get Vietnamese subs and desserts.  It is traditional Vietnamese food.  You can get Vietnamese ham and all kinds of traditional foods.  They have a very large fresh dessert selection.  Buy 5 subs and get 1 free and a few other buy # and get one free items.  They have fresh made beef jerkey.  It's very expensive but it is very good.  No pain no gain. ;-P  They also sell Bubble Drinks here.  If you get the Vietnamese subs to go... always get the vegies on the side.  That is if you are getting a few subs to eat in a day or two.  I like putting the vegies in myself because I toast the sub first before I put the vegies in.  There are two main Vietnamese shopping centers.  This one has a lot of parking, the other one is most of the time a parking problem.  There is also a handicap ramp and the staff is very nice.  They speak Vietnamese and English.I think of Ba Le as the wawa of viet hoagies.  Not the best quality but fast and affordable.  I only come here for the hoagies.  I usually go for the grilled pork or the pork roll with pate.  Great place to stop by when looking for a quick bite.  The service here is not the best.  Sometimes im standing there for a few minutes before anyone takes my order.  A few times I've ordered a hoagie with extra meat and unfortunately I arrive home and find out I only received a  regular portion.  Parking is a plus.Good, cheap banh mi, nasty, NASTY service. The older woman behind the counter made a store full of people wait while she ranted at the staff for 15 minutes. It made me so uncomfortable I left my purchases unpaid for on the counter.Now that I've graduated and been back in Philly for the past 4-5 months, I have finally gotten reacclimated with my love of all sandwiches.... the banh mi. Now being from Philly, one would expect me to love the cheesesteak.
Fact is.. I do love the cheesesteak. I just love the banh mi SO SO much more. And so I've chosen Ba Le, which is my go-to banh mi joint for now since I haven't been to many of the vietnamese places in Philly after being away for roughly all of the past 5 years.
Each sandwich costs roughly $3.50 and when you buy 5, you get 1 free. (I don't eat all 6 by myself, but every Friday afternoon, I'll buy them for myself and my little sisters as an after school snack). The consistency of these sandwiches varied, but usually they were more than satisfactory.
Just gather up 5 of your friends and enjoy a nice ol'  banh mi.In and out in about 5 minutes on this busy first of the year.  It took a good moment for someone to take my order just because it was chaotic.  I retract my previous statement of a shareable sandwich.  Maybe i was just a bit full prior to my previous visit.  After a night of nye libations i inhaled my vegetarian banh mi with a  side of iced vietnamese coffee with boba.  I literally could have easily ate two.My two friends and I tried the "banh day" for the 1st time today at BaLe. When we were there, the cashier and staffs were not supportive and kept pointing at us and whispering something, which was very rude. We did not mind at all until we tried the "banh day". To be honest, it tasted really good, except the stupid packaging which made it really hard to tear off the leaves and enjoyed it. However, after around 1.5 hours, we started feeling nauseous and uncomfortable. We were on our ways to the beach and had to stop in the middle of the trip to throw up. Initially, we thought we got car sick. The situation got worse and worse when we could not stop throwing up for 3 hours. We went to the pharmacy and were diagnosed with food poisoning. Our stomaches hurted a lot and we pooped continously for the whole day. My friend sweated a lot, got cold and her stomach felt like someone continuously pumped at it. We even thought about going to the emergency room and got our intestines cleaned but we even were not able to move. We had to rent a room at a hotel and luckily got two of our friends take care of us. We were so pissed off. The poison ruled our trip, which is the very last trip I go with my friends before I move to another country. I would recommend anyone to not risk their lives trying Bale anymore.So I woke up today in a fuzz from a night of karaoke with two clear thoughts in my head: I need a Vietnamese hoagie more than anything in the world, and I want it to be as close as possible to my house because it's a god damn sauna outside. Thank goodness I live in South Philly, because there were plenty of places to choose from, this place included. 
I wasn't really sure what to expect because you Yelpers made it seem like a weird place, but I will say this: for being in a HUGE building, it's really just a small place. It has a hot bar of food, none of which I am familiar with, a cooler containing salads with weird looking meats that I'm working up the urge to try, and a side part that offers a good assortment of juices, bubble teas, and smoothies. Unfortunately, I was there for none of that and put my eyes on the prize: an extensive Bahn Mi menu. 
First of all, their choices for Bahn Mi are pretty wide. They have about 10 different varieties, ranging from the regular house specialty to meatball and kebab. I decided to make both lunch and dinner Bahn Mi so I ordered the house specialty and kebab, extra spicy. Let me tell you, I was in heaven as soon as I took the first bite of the house specialty. The roll was crisy and flakey on the outside, but soft and warm inside. The meats and pate had such a good flavor, and the jalapenos were crisp and fresh. There was a perfect amount of vegetables in there, and didn't overwhelm the meats at all. Also? Only a tiny bit of mayo, which really made me happy. I only had a bite of the kebab but it was definitely just as good. I hope I stop being so full because I can't wait for dinner now :D
Oh and the best part? Not a single sandwich was over $4. My two hoagies and 2 sodas brought me to $9.25. Take that, QT! I am SO happy I decided to bike through the desert that is summer in Philadelphia to try this place. I will definitely be back here as much as possible!
(Oh, but note this: vegetarians may not like this place much because there is only one vegetarian hoagie option)Ba Le is located in a really busy shopping center along Washington Ave. If you're lucky, you'll score a spot in the parking lot, but be careful because it can get prettttty tight. The bubble tea here is crazy expensive ($4.00 - $5.50 depending on what you get), but they are served in 20 oz. cups so you get a ton (I'm used to like 12 oz.). I can't speak to any of the baked goods or other foods but everything in the case looks really fresh. It can be a little chaotic here when busy, but the staff are all very attentive and will make sure you have been taken care of (i.e. you won't be left standing there forgotten, like some tea places in Chinatown). A great stop for refreshments if you're in South Philly!the coconut bubble tea was amazing! totally unexpectedly fresh, no artificial flavors, it was delish! i also had the tofu bahn mi it was a little sweet which was good but i had to take the peppers off because it was making me cry a little from the heat but still a really good take on a hoagie.Excellent banh mi and a great choice for lunch, with added goodies around the store available for purchase. I wish there were a few small tables to sit at (either inside or on the little terrace outside) so that it's not  a mandatory take-out store. We got BBQ pork Banh Mi's which were delicious and crispy, filled with plenty of pork. We also got sticky rice rolls with mung bean and pork belly inside (Banh tet, per my Googling) which we had for dinner later that day! 
Agree with Philly Mag that this is one of the best in the city: https://www.phillymag.com/foobooz/2018/01/22/best-banh-mi-philly/I have gone to this place since I was a little girl and this place has changed throughout the years. The prices have gotten higher and the food quality hasn't changed, if anything, they have lowered their food quality. 
It's a nice place for a quick run for brunch or lunch. The shop is pretty clean. If you go, I would recommend getting the banh uot cha lau or their viet hoagies. They also have a deal that if you buy five hoagies, you get one free so that's a plus. They also have coffee jelly for their drink options!Rude is an understatement. I politely complained about my drink and the girl says "uh ok... so what do you want me to do?" Are you kidding? You tell
Me what you're supposed to do. What do you do when customers are unsatisfied with service/product? You offer them something better or you can correct the mistake. You're supposed to keep customers not push them away. 
I ordered avocado smoothie. Before ordering I MADE SURE that they use REAL FRUIT. She told me they use real fruit so I went ahead and ordered. Dummy me should have asked do you use 100% fruit?I'm vietnamese and if you respect your taste buds, stomach and yourself, I would highly recommend not coming here. You are in the center of vietnamese town when in Washington street, there are too many other options to get vietnamese food for you to come here.  I just had to make a return on a purchase because when I opened the container, the food had a slime coating. Clearly the food spoiled and they were nice enough to give me a refund.  Aside from selling spoiled food, the older women who work there have no manners or understanding of how to treat other people.  Not that they are upright rude, but not welcoming or friendly at all. 
All their other food options are laid in the open with a few flies  buzzing around so I would be cautious also. The place does not seemed air conditioned and I would just give it a second thought about buying things in the summer there. 
As for their banh mi, I feel like people who gave it rave reviews don't know what a banh mi should really taste like. Cafe Cuong and huong lan are just two other places that make fresh banh mi as you order. 
Just please don't go here and think you're getting fresh vietnamese food.This is one of my fave spots for banh mi (viet hoagies) and for all kinds of other viet goodies.  Desserts, appetizers, snacks, main dishes, drinks...you name it, they have it!!  So even if you plan on spending or buying only so much, you may walk out with more..
Plus a great buy is the 4 french bread rolls (plain) you can buy for like $1?  The price may have gone up not sure, but you can take them home and make your own sandwich creations.  Same bread they use for their banh mi.  Altho get there early, sometimes they run out of the 4 packs.
Plus if you buy a lot of banh mi (i think 7, you'll get 1 free).  If that's more than you need, just remember you can pop these in the oven or toaster to reheat, just make sure all veggies are on the side cuz you don't want those cooked.  Plus helps w. keeping it soggy free and smells a little less if you're going to take them in a car.How I've missed you! Since my daughter
 moved away from Bella Vista, it's not something I get often. Back in the neighborhood this week and oh my, so good. Got 3 big Banh Mi (2 veggies, 1 chicken) and drinks for $20. None of us could finish our sandwich--so yummy and so big and so inexpensive! Would be a perfect 5 stars except no seating. It was a nice day so we sat on the steps. Not the best ambience watching the Washington Ave traffic go by, but the food makes it worthwhile.Best place to get Vietnamese hoagie!! I love getting the steak hoagie as well as the sugar cane drink. It would be perfect if they had a little spot to sit down to eat. Otherwise its definitely a place to stop by.So overrated. The food is overpriced and the hoagies are not that great.  Before it was more authentic had a very homey feeling now they are so rude won't be spending my money here again.Great place for a cheap and delicious lunch.
I can't lie, I've only had the Bahn Mi & their spring rolls so far, but I'm REALLY excited to try everything else. Especially the stuff which I cannot identify. I love food adventures! Their Bahn Mi rolls are so good that I have bought the rolls to go to use for sandwich making at home. And I've learned that other high end restaurants in the city buy them for the same reason too...
This is pretty much the only place I know that I can get a huge delicious sandwich, and spring roll/other appetizer type thing, and a drink for around $6. That is a win in my book.Several reviews cited bad service and unfriendly staff.  Either I just have a way with people, they turned over the bad apples, or both, because I had an awesome experience.
I needed a bubble tea, that much I knew, but was indecisive about which flavor.  Should I go with coconut, my tried and true, or opt for the Thai iced tea peeps have Yelped about?
I asked the English speaking staff person what Thai iced tea tasted like and he offered me a sample to try.  And it really wasn't even a sample, it was actually about half of the standard portion size so we're talking like 8-10 ounces.  Very generous.  
The Thai iced tea did taste amazing but, in the end, I went with my coconut.  $5.50 and worth every penny.  Now that I've tasted a bubble tea with real fruit - not a powder - I'm forever spoiled.  
I've had banh mi in the past and they never quite did it for me.  But safe to say no Pho visit in the South Philly area will be complete without dessert at Ba Le.I'm not a big fan of Ba Le. I think their pre-packed foods are bland and overpriced, and their drinks are too watered-down, besides their iced coffee.
The only thing worth getting are their Vietnamese hoagies (Banh Mi), which are priced between $3.00-3.50. The portions are generous, but I've had better within blocks of this place. They have a daily "Buy 5, get 1 FREE" Banh Mi special. It also applies to other various items under the heat lamp.If you want authentic banh mi (viet sandwiches) come here! It's around 5 bucks - which i think is kind of pricey since most banh places sell it for like 3.50-4. Decent amount of meat tho and super tasty!
Clusterf**k to park in this parking lot..be warned.A few years ago we went to this bakery, back then it was dark and not that clean. Fast forward to 2013 we went here and saw 10x major improvement. They have a menu posted there and so many ready to eat foods! I was hesitant at first to try their bahn mi! I would say my most fave is the veggie bahn mi. The tofu is well seasoned and yummy goodness delish. I loved the picked veggie not bad $4.50 for the whole baguette! I love their baguette it is crunchy on the outside but soft in the inside!! Well done Ba le bakery !! I will go back to try ur boba teas next time as I only live three blocks away!!! 
As for other helpers in here how do u get if u buy 5 and get 1 free? Is that in one order??I usually only come here for their drinks. Their banh mi is terrible to me.Delicious Bahn Mi.  Nos 1 & 4 killed it.  Ba Le would be a perfect place to order sandwiches to eat before a Philly's game.  They also had tasty Vietnamese deserts and even a half-decent Kimchi.  Good look.Banh mi is good! So are the smoothies/bobas. I like Mango and Taro. It can be busy in there sometimes (not very big) but that means the business is good!Small viet bakery, dropped by for some vietnamese goodies. It's a order and go spot, but has a whole fridge full of desserts. I'm not viet so not too sure how authentic it is, but have family that loveee to shop here.I go here to buy some sandwiches and bring it home to eat. Once I got home just to find out that they got my order wrong AGAIN! I was mad but it's too far to go back to change it. This is TWICE now. And the red meat in the special combo sandwiches taste like rubber. Go somewhere else the kitchen dirty tooGrowing up in a Philly Viet household, you can never get enough of their cha lua. I also recommend the banh bao and the banh bot loc. They seem to have diversified their options over the years without increasing prices too much.  Credit card minimum with ATM inside.I'm really surprised with some of the more negative reviews here since I have always had a pleasant experience. The service is fine and the bahn mi, specifically the grilled pork, is always on point. Philly has a lot of great Vietnamese places and Ba Le is definitely up there as one of my favorites.I'm slightly disappointed with the recent price hike (almost $5 for a hoagie). I don't think the quality of the hoagie has gotten any better. It seems like the baguettes have been really inconsistent, some shorter or thinner, the pickled veggies don't give you that characteristic crunch, and getting stingy with the amount of meat. My banh mi xiu mai (meatball) smelled appetizing, but the flavor was mediocre. 
I think I'll stay away from the banh mi and stick with their other small snack/meal options. I really enjoy their banh bot loc (tapioca shrimp cake). The filling is seasoned well, the shrimp (and pork?) are browned with garlic and brown sugar for a balanced savory/sweet combo. The fish sauce for dipping is mixed well. For about $4, it's a nice app to have for lunch or dinner. Eat it while it's soft, steam or microwave to reheat, but don't refrigerate which will harden the tapioca. I also like to substitute the jalapenos with thai chilies for some heat.
Until another tasty banh mi shop pops up in Philly, this still remains the bakery to visit. Their redemption factor is the variety of Vietnamese fare they also sell. Going to set a goal to try something new on my next visit.This place makes a great banh mi.  I got the chicken.  The bread is warm and crusty and the vegies are fresh and crunchy.  The place was busy but the wait was reasonable.  I could see it getting pretty crowded in there during lunch.  I want to look around at the refrigerated selections so I'll head back in the early part of the day.  They also make fruit smoothiesexcellent authentic vietnamese cuisine in convenient prepackaged takeaway and fresh, made to order bahn mi (get either one of the pork bahn mi and you will melt!). I've had better in terms of some of the side dishes, but it's still a worthwhile visit. The banana cake is delicious!I have been visiting Ba Le with my family since we moved to Delaware 18 years ago! We frequently drive up to Philly to get our groceries and Vietnamese food fix and no trip to Philly is complete without stopping by Ba Le. Everything here is legit and tastes just like home. 
You can't go wrong with anything here, the banh mi, banh uoc, banh tieu, eggrolls, banh cam, bubble tea, along with everything else. Come here, and try something new! You won't regret it.They get one star for having bad attitudes. They should have got no stars but that's not possible with yelp. Their drinks are always inconsistent. I'm highly disappointedEver since I picked up earlier work shifts, this is my go to place. They always have summer rolls and I love getting them here because they have a crunchy texture in the middle of the rolls. I think it's a fried rolled up wonton wrapper.The banh mi here are delicious - and very affordable.  My favorite, the BBQ pork (#4) is a delicious sandwich with creamy mayonnaise, pickled carrot and daikon, cilantro, pork and jalapenos on a nice, crispy, soft roll - for $3.50!   Secondly, the boba teas - amazing.  My favorites are the Thai Iced Tea boba and the Taro boba.  Great spot for lunch!Everyone knows that Asian people don't make hoagies. They're made by brusque Italian Americans who hate you. 
This is why Ba Le is special. Everything about it is the opposite: It is cheerful inside, like when Bill Murray goes on that talk show in that movie. Hoagies that are small, run you about $3, and made by Asians who don't hate your guts. Sure, they put all kinds of silly things in them, like cilantro, but c'mon, live a little! 
I went to one SP sandwich shop where I ordered an Italian tuna hoagie. The goon in the sleeveless shirt dumped a can of tuna on a roll, sprinkled grated cheese on top which came out of a bag,  then put his hands on his hips and sneered at me as if to say, "whaddaya expect for $12, buddy!?!?!" 
Ba Le is the opposite of that.Parking lot is a hassle but this is really the only place to get a banh mi sandwich. I refuse to get one anywhere else. The bread is perfect & it is very authentic. There are other things available for purchase too but I've been so stuck on the sandwiches that I can't tear myself away.I'm a fan. I'll have to go back a few more times to make sure, but on first visit, I liked it.
I've been looking for other places to get good tofu bahn mi other than Fuh Wah, and this is the first one I've found that I'm keeping in mind as an alternative. I love Fuh Wah, but sometimes you get tired of the same thing, you know?
Ba Le's veggie bahn mi hit the spot. It was unfortunately more expensive than all their other offerings (Why, Ba Le? Everywhere else it's priced lower!), but it was tasty. The bread was fresh, the bahn mi itself zesty and savory. The jalapenos were really hot (I might have to take a few out next time)! The tofu had a distinct (yummy) taste and a different flavor profile from Fuh Wah's, which is was what I was looking for: something that tasted different, but delicious. The veggies were really refreshing and I liked that you could really separate out their taste, giving the whole sandwich a springlike, crisp kick.
I will definitely come back again.In the past, I purchased many items at this bakery and was quite satisfied.  One of them was their banana cake, a soft, spongy concoction that tasted somewhat like comfort food for superannuated babies - I liked it.
Today, I wanted to buy this cake but did not want to purchase the prepacked small bites.  Instead I got a half cake, reddish and still warm.  I tried a bit in the parking lot - it was greasy and tasted mostly of burnt bad oil.  I went back to the store to return the purchase (did not ask for my money back) and talked to the effervescent and nice owner who assured me that the cake was made of tropical bananas and would taste better if left in the refrigerator to settle.  I took it out late today - same burnt grease taste that made the cake inedible (I threw it out).
I like to owner of Ba Le and I am sure that the place turns out some really fine things (the pork and shrimp rolls I also bought (goi cuon) were ok, but this cake was beyond the pale bad.I had managed to rush over here with just 10 minutes before closing time. Thankfully the workers were nice enough to still serve me!
I ordered the thit nhuong banh mi, a $4.50 sandwich. It consists of grilled pork and everything else that usually comes with a typical vietnamese banh mi sandwich (cucumbers, cilantro, jalapeño, pickled carrots and daikons). They filled the sandwich up pretty well with the ingredients. Truthfully, I think the price is expensive for a banh mi sandwich, especially in Philly too.
The service here was nice enough to serve me even though I came in so late, so that was a plus! Honestly, I'm really curious as to how they store their meats here because it looked as if they were planning on just leaving it there overnight to be reused without refrigeration or anything. But I could be wrong. Due to the pricey sandwiches, I'm not sure if I would want to come back though. Maybe I'll give Ba Le another try...Sad excuse for a banh mi dac biet. My parents use to own a banh mi shop when I was younger which was $2.75 for a banh mi. The ingredients aren't expensive, especially if you buy in bulk. I understand the price hike but I would expect to get the same amount.One of my favorite bakery places for spring rolls, hoagies, and other goodies! Although, this place is a little pricey.I've been going here since I was little. Growing up it was the "it" place to get Banh Mi. Would I call it the best place to get it? No, I've definitely had better. I go here because my boyfriend doesn't really like pork and there's a choice for chicken on the menu. 
I also feel like this place is a bit overrated. I've had other food they serve there and the meals are just "ok". 
The store is a bit overwhelming. I'm Vietnamese and I'm used to the chaos, but my boyfriend is not. There's really no real lines and it was a bit disorganized on how people took your order. (This doesn't bother me, because it's just how the Viet market is). Anyway, just note if you're going during a busy time get ready to use your outside voice. 
Once you order, you do get your food in a timely matter. I can't complain about that. The women in the back work fast! 
I knocked down two stars because of 1) you'll get a pretty decent banh mi (it's just not the best I've ever had) 2) Price- Some of the things there are just plain overpriced. 
With this being said, I feel like if you can compare the popularity of this place to like a Pats or Genos. Most people know the name of Ba Le, so people automatically think to go there, but if you know your way around the city - smaller stores who serve the same thing will give you better quality for a better price.I'm a banh mi fan, but honestly never paid much attention to the bread.  I guess I'm not really a bread person.  Ba Le Bakery gave me a new perspective, allowing me to see how critical of a role in can play in a sandwich (especially a banh mi).
For just under $5, you get a delish, freshly made banh mi.  You can order a variety of options. I started with a #1, the house special, because well always start with the house special.  I've had good banh mi, but think this one took the sandwich game to a new level.
The portion was fair.  They filled the sandwich well.  The service solid.  They also had a variety of other options, including shakes and smoothies.  
$15 minimum for credit card orders can be reached if you take advantage of their buy 5 get one free deal.  While I wasn't in the mood for 6 sandwiches this go around, I might be next time!So many sweet beverages and goodies! Soooo happy =). It's inexpensive and they're open everyday until 9pm.  They even have drinks made of fruits that I've never even heard of!! Wah?  My main issue is that they don't speak great English, in fact there's only one person who does. Barely... I guess, it can't get more authentic than this!The hoagies here are pretty decent, a step above any other place.  Order 10 and get one free!  Make sure you get the veggies on the side, that way you can make it yourself and keep it from spoiling faster.  Get the combination, any other type of sandwich is NOT the way to eat a Vietnamese hoagie.
Bubble tea drinks here are good.  They have fresh pennywort juice (rau ma) looks really spinachy green and from what my dad says, it tastes good.  But I love the taro milk - soooooooooo addictive.  Yes, they make it w/ half and half so its super fattening and sweeten it w/ simple syrup, but it is SO good!  If you want tapioca pearls, they add on 50 cents....
Their to-go plates are pretty darn good too!  Rice plates with pork chop or the fried tofu noodle dish with veggies - all run about $6.  awesome to take to work next day!
be careful when you first step in, floor is iffy!I felt like a kid in a candy store when I stepped into Ba Le (I went through the wrong door and almost walked into the kitchen so it already started off fun). There are so many goodies, sweet and savory, for decent prices! I was there for a Thai Bubble Tea and a baguette (#3 I think?) since they were both highly recommended by my coworkers. The Thai Tea was perfectly sweetened though I could have used way less ice. The baguette was SO tasty; they make their own bread and the veggies, including the cilantro, perfectly complimented the meat. For less than $4 each, this place would be the death of me if it was closer to my work. But its close enough so I'll probably stop by on a regular basis.This place brings back memories from high school when I used to go to this one bakery for their Vietnamese hoagies. They were never made fresh and I always wondered how it would taste if it was handcrafted on the spot. Ba Le is what I've been longing for.
The standard hoagie is what I usually get, with extra peppers tried the bbq roast pork hoagie, but I think the standard is best, in terms of the sandwiches. 
They also offer other selections such as spring rolls, summer rolls, seaseme balls, salads and so much more. The salad with dandelion greens with the pork and the spring rolls are delicious.They have the best bread ever! The sandwich was delicious and one of the best I have ever eaten. Great for the price!I just ordered a chicken hoagie and spring rolls for dinner. The chicken hoagie had fatty pieces of chicken and two pieces of bone. I get that chickens have bones but don't like having to spit them out as I eat a sandwich. I've had the vegetarian hoagie before and think I will stick with that from now on. The meat hoagies are $4 and the veggie hoagie is $4.50 so that probably tells you something about the quality of the meats. The spring rolls were very tasty and I loved the sauce it came with. The best part about this place is that it is open until 9pm and has a larger selection of sandwiches than the other vietnemese hoagie places in the neighborhood. And they accept credit card for orders over $15.The Vietnamese sandwiches were great tasting! My favorite was #1, the special. It cost $4.50. This place has a buy 5 sandwiches and get 1 for free deal. Also, I really like the xôi they sell, it tastes very authentic. It's always crowded in here, so get your stuff and hurry out because a crowd will most likely be swarming towards you. Despite that, I Will be back!One of my favorite places for a quick meal, I always order the special Bahn Mi. Not a fan of their bubble tea though but give it tryBa Le Bakery needs to drop the "& Restaurant" bit from their moniker, seeing as the sit-down portion of the business is shuttered. This leaves us to grab our delectable and astonishingly cheap ($3.50 average) banh mi and cast about for elsewhere to eat it. 
I am no Viet food pro, and picky to boot.  The porky pates and crispy ears found in the most authentic banh mi don't appeal to me particularly, so I stick to the moist, shredded dark meat chicken sandwich or crunchy fried tofu versions here at Ba Le.  Both provide enormous satisfaction for such a low price -- the ratio of carrots to daikon to cilantro is always on point, and you can't beat Ba Le's perfectly crisp Viet baguette with a stick.  Proof positive of their gluten superiority is found at fancier restaurants doing banh mi -- Supper, Sampan -- and using Ba Le's bread. 
Choose your banh mi, add on a bubble tea (Tip:Thai iced tea or classic mango) and get to a park bench or handy stoop to savor the flavor.  Two banh mi, two bubble teas = $16.This is the only place I'll go to for a Viet Hoagie. I tried a couple places in Chinatown and I use to love O Sandwiches before their quality went down after a year. Ba Le is my go to spot now for Viet Hoagies.
If you don't know how to speak Viet, no worries, there's a sandwich menu with pictures and you can order by the number. Several of my veggie friends enjoy their Vegetarian Hoagie which is made very differently from the tofu hoagies at Fu Wah in West Philly. Btw, I like Fu Wah's tofu hoagies too.
if you're feeling adventures, check out their summer rolls and other small goodies on the counter and on the hot rack. You'll find a larger variety of food in the cases on the weekend because that's when all the shoppers come out.
Tip #1: If you're ordering a sandwich for later consumption, ask to put the veggies on the side.
Tip #2: Buy 5 hoagies and get the 6 free!Nem chua and banh mi dac biet.  Those are the two things I come to Ba Le for.  They're also two sterling creations of all things pig.
Even though their nem chua isn't wrapped in banana leaves which is the authentic way to do it, it's still pretty good.  What's nem chua you ask?  Well it's minced pork leg meat, thin sliced pig skin, garlic, fish sauce, and seasoning.  All raw and formed together, then fermented for a little less than a week.  The thought of controlled decomposition of raw meat will either have you interested and excited or otherwise repulsed.  It's really awesome with beer or sipping rice whiskeys or vodka.
And then the banh mi dac biet.  So full of pork liver pate and head cheese.  Ba Le's baguettes come so crisp, it'll definitely tear the roof of your mouth to shreds.  Delicious pain.
I think I need to make another visit.