BabyBlues has never failed to please me! It is always so yummy and the service is great as everyone is super friendly and cool! The ribs are hard to beat, and the banana pudding is unreal. Definitely recommended!!Baby Blues is not a bad place at all. It's pretty affordable and the food is decent. I really enjoy the catfish sandwich and the collard greens. I'm not a fan of the mac and cheese (they use bleu cheese which gives it a weird flavor, but some people like it.). There service is pretty good there too.So...I ordered food from Baby Blues while working an evening shift.  I was super excited to get my food since most of the reviews rave about how good it tastes.  Well...it never came.  I ordered at 6:43 and now it is 8:59.  I called the restaurant, I called GrubHub and still no food.  Can't comment on the food itself cuz I didn't get to enjoy it.Fantastic food at this place. This was our first time but well definitely be back!  Service was phenomenal, they're recommendations were spot on (we had the half bbq chicken with Mac and cheese and creamed spinach), it was clean, cool and fun. Outdoor seating looked perfect as well! 
Can't wait to come back and try more from the menu!Great everything. I tend to do the greens and chicken. But everything from the ribs down is great. Even the corn bread is legit actual corn bread. In addition, there are a bunch of different hot sauce / BBQ sauces available. The xxx sauce is no joke. Messy and delicious.I was wavering between one and two stars, but settled on two because the pulled pork wasn't bad and I liked the pecan pie. I had dinner with 6 people. We were seated immediately and the waitress took our drink order right away. We got our drinks and she took our order. Then the waiting began....our food arrived about 40 minutes later. I ordered the three meat platter - pulled pork, brisket and blackened catfish. My sides were fried okra and mashed potatoes. Pulled pork was moist and flavorful. My brisket was beyond fatty and basically inedible. The catfish was flavorless. My sides were cold and nothing to write home about. My husband's mac-n-cheese (also cold) was underwhelming. Everything seemed to need salt (which we had to ask for as there was none on the table). The corn bread was funky and not in a good way. After we got our food our waitress all but disappeared. We had to flag someone down to get us water. The space is pretty tight in there and I ended up getting elbowed in the head by one of the waitstaff, who exclaimed "don't worry, it was just my elbow" as he rushed past. It was just his elbow as opposed to what? A greasy, dirty plate? No idea. In sum, it's expensive and the food is mediocre. I was also unimpressed by the portions, not that I was dying to eat more of anything, mind you. We won't be back.I stopped by today for lunch and wanted something a little tasty. The portions are small and the prices are high. The cornbread leaves a lot to be desired. The taste is good but in these economic times people want value. I don't know that I would recommend it.Immediately when I walked in I enjoyed the scene, a vintage BBQ spot! The place looks way bigger inside than it does from the outside. At first I wasn't sure where to go to be seated, there are signs, but the final sign is a bit hard to find. I'm not sure if they do take out but I would NOT recommend coming here on your lunch break, once I ordered it took 40 minutes to get my food (you can determine if that's long or not) but once I got my food I enjoyed every part of it. I got the yard bird (white meat) and it was juicy which is hard to do. 
Also, if your looking to have lunch and read a book or catch up on some work, THIS IS NOT THE PLACE, though this can be great to catch up with a friend or have a meeting you don't mind being public because it's loud yet chill. The prices are also extremely reasonable! 
I would definitely come back but not during my lunch again!Absolutely delicious! Had the pulled pork platter with Mac and cheese and the blues corn. My boyfriend had the brisket sandwich with pork and beans. 
Excellent food and service. Great ambiance. Just a heads up, it gets busy during peak hours. Will definitely be back.Very good BBQ- not the southern style more commonly known around the country, but it's own style of delicious food. The dry rub ribs and sweet potatoes fries are amazing as is the BBQ sauce. The sauce has a distinctly fruity flavor missing in other sauces I've tasted, making it quite distinctive and delicious. The collards are also unexpectedly good for a BBQ restaurant in the heart of Philly!My friend and I came here for lunch. Hostess Christina gave us kind reminder for menu of lunch special. I chose the 1/3 baby back rib and pull pork with chicken smoked rice. The rib is perfectly seasoned but Just a little bit burnt. I love the honey taste with a hint a ketchup. Pull pork is fine. But not reach my expectation, since it is recommended all the time. Btw corn bread is tasty but greasy. For that portion it is still good to have a try. Overall, a good lunch but we will check out other places next time.I sure am thirty! The service today is really a problem. Multiple people in our party have had empty glasses for 15 minutes and the appetizers ? At least the food was goodI tried their brisket sandwich at this spring's Manayunk food truck festival. The sandwich came with coleslaw, and for a small additional fee, was topped with slices of extra sharp cheddar cheese and caramelized bacon (dubbed "Pig Candy"). It was the undisputed food truck winner. The brisket had the perfect amount of smoke flavor, and the richness of the bacon perfectly complemented the tangy slaw. A must try!Surprisingly perfect is all I can say. When my friend brought me here, I assumed (which you shouldn't do) it would be some fake regular glorified BBQ place. I was wrong. The food was delicious! Especially the Suicide King appetizer-- get the hot link meat option.
Dae was our server. Nice girl- polite, friendly and attentive. She also recommended the app to me :) The drinks were also really really well made. I came back again about 2 weeks later. All in all, I'll be back for a round 3.I got so excited after seeing the menu and some reviews. I am disappointed. Our server was slow and seemed like we were a bother to her. The ribs were a little tough, the brisket they gave us a hunk of fAt. The fried green tomatoes had no flavor. My mother in law ordered the catfish, it was good but the portion was small. Overall I was not impressed. Our table has crumbs on it and so did the booth seat, as far as cleanliness I would give them about a 2 as wellI give this 4 stars keeping in mind its category. ( informal bbq). We had a family birthday dinner and ordered the family-style Teaser ($149) which included a little bit of everything. Great ribs, brisket, pulled pork. Smoked chicken was a bit meh and if it actually was a whole chicken (as per menu) it was a tiny one. Fantastic cornbread and sides of mac n cheese and mashed potatoes ( not so fond of the way the collard greens were prepared in a tomato sauce base). Everyone (5 of us) ate our fill and still took home leftovers at least equal to what we had consumed. we sat downstairs and they let us bring in a birthday cake ( we shared leftovers with the staff). Our Waitress was fantastic-wish i knew her name. Will def go backWe entered this cosy restaurant on a snowy night and felt that we had come to the right place. The front room was warm and hospitable with a fire burning in the hearth. We were seated at once a a booth in the center section where we could watch the cooks at work as we tried to decide which items to order.
My friend ordered a mixed meat platter which I thought was enough for a small family while I got the ribs I'd been hankering for and chose the entree that included shrimp as well.
The food was delicious. The powerful aroma that drew us in from the street certainly delivered on its promise. The ribs were meaty and tender with a tasty crust. The shrimp were even better. The sides offered tasted like real home-cooking and I enjoyed combining the spinach with the mac n cheese.
Too full for dessert but would go back again anytime. The next time I want to try take out to see how well the ribs travel home.I went here for dinner a few Saturday nights ago. I was hoping it was going to be good, but it turned out not to be.
First thing I was not happy with was my table. The four of us were sat next to the door, and it was a cold Fall night, which sucked. Luckily, however, we were also sat at the table which was directly below the heater, so we just aimed all the air right back at the four of us.
The food was not good. Mediocre at best. The chicken was the only edible thing we got. We decided to do the meal for four then get an extra set of ribs in case it wasn't enough food. The ribs were fatty and undercooked, and the sides were not good either. We opted for the mac n cheese, creamed spinach, and mashed sweet potatoes. the sweet potatoes tasted like nothing but butter, the creamed spinach was in some sort of yellow-ish sauce, and the mac n cheese was just ok. 
The service was even worse. I had asked for a refill on my soda, and had to ask a second time 15 minutes later for a refill again. The waitress we had was friendly, but not too helpful. She actually had suggested the big beef ribs for all of us when we were ordering our food. I really did not want to act like a Flinstone while I was out to dinner with friends!!
I am definitely not going back there if I have a craving for bbq... there are much better places out there!The grilled wings at this place are really good. A bit on the pricier side but worth it: perfect amount of char, and they offer a choice of dipping sauces for extra flavor. For a sweet finish, I tried the key lime pie. The pie was overly sweet for my taste, think sweetened condensed milk, with too little lime. But if that's how your prefer your key lime, then this version is right up your alley. Customer service, on the other hand, needs work. I came in on Saturday evening when it wasn't particularly crowded. The bartender at the time must've been having a particularly bad day, because despite seeing me sit down directly in front of him, he decided to strike up a conversation with his coworker about...wait for it...customers complaining  about bad customer service. Since, it took him 15 minutes to give me a menu, 20 minutes to wait for a 10 minute order, and another 15 minutes for him to realize that the to go order brought out to him was actually mine. Yeah, I can't imagine where a person would get such a poor impression. The food is worth it though.I was very nervous about my meal here because when we were seated(at a very cramped table), there was rice on the table, an old cup with a straw and napkin in it, and my place setting had something yucky on the napkin. If I wasn't starving and it didn't smell amazing in there, I might have suggested to my friends that we choose another restaurant.  The waitress quickly removed everything from our table and seemed both surprised and embarrassed that all of that was left behind. Once we started looking at both the drink and food menus, I started feeling excited again. Pretty much every cocktail sounded both delicious and dangerous, I went with a vodka-spiked Arnold Palmer. We started off with some hush puppies and some mac and cheese. If you like mac and cheese, you should just get your own, you won't want to be sharing. We moved on to sandwiches - two of us got pulled pork and one got bbq chicken. The pork was served on long rolls which threw us off a bit, but it was so good it didn't matter. All the sandwiches came with mountains of regular and sweet potato fries. Portions were very generous. When the check came we had a little discrepancy where we did not receive the day's drink special, but once we finally found our waitress she happily corrected the problem. Overall food was good and service wasn't bad - just a few kinks to work out but when I am in the mood for pure gluttony I will keep this spot in mind.Good bbq in South Jersey is not an option. When we crave brisket we go to Phila. Baby Blues not only does bbq right it does all the sides right too. Tuesday night you won't find a crowd and if the weather is nice you can dine outside. 
Start the night with one of the tap beers and  hot wings. Wings were killer had to use some of the regular bbq sauce to cool them down. Ordered what we came for the brisket with pork and beans  and collard greens on the side. The beans were several kinds and were topped with shredded pork. I could make a meal out of them. The collards were just the way you expect them to be cooked perfect. 
Don't worry if the flavors are not spicy or not sweet enough for your taste. On the table you will find four flavors of  bbq sauce and a bottle of vinegar you can use to change the heat. Thank you Jamie R. Great service always makes it a better dining experience. Expect to pay $25 plus per person. See you next timeHush puppies! Not only is that a cute term but they are delicious pieces of fried cornmeal cake that you must get if you come here. Unlike some of the other reviewers, I didn't have problems with it being too cramped or busy. Maybe because I ate at 7pm on a Tuesday night, but my brother and I enjoyed ourselves. I could see how this place could get more crowded on a more popular night, and how the wait staff might be a little overwhelmed, but the girl waiting our table was pretty attentive and service was good. 
The food:
- HUSH PUPPIES. Do I need to repeat myself? Cuz I just did. 
- Beef brisket and Memphis style ribs were both pretty good. I'd like to see how their baby back ribs are ... maybe next time. At least for me, the brisket beat the ribs. 
- There are four sauces available to go along with your meats... I wasn't the biggest fan of the really hot one but the rest of them were pretty good. 
I don't know where everyone else has been getting their BBQ, but for convenience being close to where I work and decent prices, I will keep this on my list of go-to places for a chill night of BBQ.We arrived with 8 of us (including children) last night. We were seated downstairs (and that was perfect since we had little ones)... approx 15 minutes went by, no service. Finally a waitress arrived and said, "sorry, I forgot you were down here". I ordered 2 beers on your menu that you didn't have in stock, finally the 3rd time was a charm. The food was mediocre. My ribs tasted charred, the Mac and cheese was not good, and we were very disappointed that there weren't any options for the kids, especially since yelp the restaurant listed as "good for kids". The burgers and the Mac and cheese that you guys have are not really kid friendly, so that was a waste of money. The pulled pork was probably the only thing that anyone liked at the table. We were checked on once or twice, my friend got up and went upstairs to get us ketchup, she also got up to get us to go containers (so my friend could take the leftovers to her animals)... long story short, disappointing experience.I've been here twice. Both times it seems as if they forget about you. It took them a long time to come take an order. The food is ok but they need more flavor. I ordered the pulled pork plate with fried okra and corn on the cob. Nothing special about the pulled pork or their different sauces. The cornbread was not good. Too mealy. One bite, done. The corn on the cob had cheese on it but get little flavor. No salt and pepper on the table. A no-no. The fried okra had bits and pieces instead of whole cut fried okra. Just scraps. I remember from my last visit the baked beans and slaw were flavorless too. Cute place in a cute location but lacks in tasty food.Having been to Baby Blues several times before and really enjoying their food, I have to say that Friday's BBQ experience was one of the worst I've ever had.I ordered the Get Down Ms. Brown plate which consisted of pulled pork, fried okra, and mashed sweet potatoes. The cornbread honestly and without exaggeration tasted like an old sneaker. The pulled pork was cooked in some kind of thick gelatin which rendered it practically uneatable. The only edible aspects of the lunch was the mashed sweet potatoes and the fried okra. A co-worker of mine said that the Mac and Cheese he ordered tasted like it has nail polish in it. I likely won't be ordering from there again which is too bad because I considered it to be a pretty descent bbq spot.Great, southern style bbq. 
Don't come if you're on a diet. Everything is super rich and super greasy (in the best way). They also give you so much food.This place was awesome ! Customer service was amazing very friendly ! Loved the food as it had been my first time here I will definitely be returning ! Loved the southern bbq theme their sauces were absolutely amazing I loved everything about my first visit here . Highly recommend.Good bbq in South Jersey is not an option. When we crave brisket we go to Phila. Baby Blues not only does bbq right it does all the sides right too. Tuesday night you won't find a crowd and if the weather is nice you can dine outside. 
Start the night with one of the tap beers and  hot wings. Wings were killer had to use some of the regular bbq sauce to cool them down. Ordered what we came for the brisket with pork and beans  and collard greens on the side. The beans were several kinds and were topped with shredded pork. I could make a meal out of them. The collards were just the way you expect them to be cooked perfect. 
Don't worry if the flavors are not spicy or not sweet enough for your taste. On the table you will find four flavors of  bbq sauce and a bottle of vinegar you can use to change the heat. Thank you Jamie R. Great service always makes it a better dining experience. Expect to pay $25 plus per person. See you thereReally enjoyed this BBQ spot! You must try the sauteed okra. I've never had it in a restaurant but decided to try it. Excellent! The ribs were perfect and the brisket was tender and flavorful.I was so happy when baby blues came to u city. Finally something new and unique ! I've ate there a few times in the past months and I can't get enough!!! The baby back ribs are my favorite. They fall right off the bone. I also love all their sauces. The sweet is my favorite but the XXX is also great, hot but smooth too. The creamed spinach is unreal as is the mac n cheese which I agree with an earlier review and they must put some crack in it because it is addictive. Other favorites are the blues on the cob, pulled pork and BANANA PUDDING. The blue platter was a tun of food big enough for two and very affordable. Thanks for coming to Philly baby blues!!!!This maybe the best BBQ place I've eaten in the Philly region. We ended up here because it was Mother's day, and Penn graduation...so everything was Packed. We were lucky! Got there right before the mad rush (around 11:30am). Honestly, I wasn't sure what to expect. 
I was in for a treat! Our server actually knew the menu and the drink menu. Answered every single question with a smile. Which on it's own is a great plus. 
However, when the food came out...BOOM! So Good. The ribs, wings, BBQ chicken, melted off the bone tender goodness! My sides were the mashed sweet potatoes and corn on the cob. They didn't over-sweeten the potatoes, you could actually still taste it not sugary mash. And I will come back for the corn on the cob! No joke...the last time I had BBQ this good was in Memphis at Rendezvous! The platter I ordered could have fed the 3 of us. Granted 2 in our party probably eat the same amount as 1 full grown man. However, it was a ton of food! The restaurant has great character, but I wouldn't even Care...the food could be served anywhere and I would be a very happy customer! 
Great job to our masterful cooks and great staff!!!I stumbled upon this place, because I wanted some federal donuts. I am so glad I did. I had the brisket, corn and mac and cheese. I am full and now ready to take a nap.Terrible place to eat. If I could give negative stars I would.  I ordered online while staying at a nearby hotel. Well, they totally messed up my order, gave me no utensils to eat the wrong items that i received, and on top of all that, the food was horrible. Do not go here!!!This place is amazing! We had a party of 16, with a few different food allergies among us, and every single one of us was blown away not only by the amount of options we still had, but by how delicious everything was! Everyone was still talking about the candied bacon and banana pudding long after we left. My boyfriend is somewhat of a meat connoisseur, and considers the Texas Beef Rib to be the best piece of meat he has ever had.
The service was impeccable. All of the staff are very knowledgeable about the food, the way it's made, what it's made with, etc. which is super helpful with different allergies. They were very accommodating to our large party and very attentive. 
The private room was a perfect space for a big group of friends to relax and enjoy each other and the amazing food. 
We will definitely be back soon!The rest Iran was not to busy, which was a good thing. The staff was really nice and professional. The price is a little high for bbq and the taste was a little bland I thought, but then again I'm from the south maybe that's how bbq suppose to taste in the northern state!‍Went here for two take-out Lunch orders. I had to squeeze by the bar patrons to the "take out" sign at the end of the bar. I stood there awhile waiting to be acknowledged. I had called ahead and finally the rude bartender addressed me. My orders sat on the bar while the bartender kept pouring drinks and waited on bar patrons. I announced that my food was getting cold. Terrible service! Ribs was burned, portions are too small for the high costs. I won't be spending my money here.Baby blues BBQ is absolutely delicious. My fiance and I was totally satisfied with take out. I had the fried catfish sandwich and hush puppies which was the best I've had. My fiance enjoyed the chicken and rib combo but preferred the chicken over the ribs though both was delicious, the coleslaw was good as well. The mashed sweet potatoes are a healthy version to grandma's which is not bad and the mac and cheese was doable. I would definitely patronize this place again.I really wanted to like this place, but it's just not good.  The atmosphere is fun and they did a great job re-doing the interior, but the food is really sub-par.  We had a sampling of appetizers - chicken drumsticks, cornbread, various salads and mac and cheese.  I was really excited to try the mac and cheese because of everyone's rave reviews, but I was disappointed.  There was far too much cheese and not enough noodles!  The cheese was also too runny for my tastes.  The cornbread was super oily and the salads were just okay.  The chicken drumsticks were definitely the best part - really well seasoned.  Unfortunately that was the only item I enjoyed.One of my favorite places in university city. My children love eating here too. Food is always delicious. Most dishes are enough to share unless you are a big eater! Staff is always friendly and you don't have to wait a year to be served.I was tentative in going as the reviews were muddled, but after enjoying drinks and excellent BBQ, I'm glad I went.
Joe, the bartender, was awesome. So was the owner Steve. Super nice. Super personable. Oh ya, the food was delicious!
I hope they're not teasing when they talk about opening up a spot in Oahu... that's something to definitely look forward to.So starving on New Year's Eve so we decide to walk over to baby blues for some Barbque. The prices are a bit on the high side but the food is really good. No waiting or anything. The bar is good to...Came here tonight for dining days. First off let me say that the food was at least a 4 stars. My friends and I each got separate apps to split. Hush puppies, wings, and fried green tomatoes. The Hush puppies are kinda sweet which was a nice surprise and the green tomatoes were on point. We all got the pulled pork, mine came with Mac and cheese and sweet potato fries. Omg so good. I was already pretty full and now have lunch for tomorrow. Dessert was also included. Went with the apple cobbler which was just okay. I would skip out on cocktails here, they are pricey and weak (according to my friend)
The service on the other hand was pretty bad. The waitress clearly didn't like our table. She wouldn't clear off empty plates, pretty much had to had them to her. Didn't offer to fill our water, and tried to get us to order dessert when our half full plates were still there. Again had to ask her for boxes. Two other tables were seated after us and finished before too. 
All in all great food though.I've been here a couple times and both times I've been disappointed by the size of the dishes compared with the price. It's a hit or miss with the portions and quality. I don't know, I just expect more out of a bbq place. It's okay but would rather go somewhere else.There is nothing more frustrating than good food with bad service. My waitress was great...at first...then she disappeared. I waited and waited. I would have loved to order some desert and another beer. Finally I grabbed the closest waitress and asked for my check. I figured she at least would grab my waitress to get it but no the other waitress completed the transaction. Strange.Ate here with my wife after a trip to upenn hospital.  Pretty terrible.  Good beer selection but the ribs were all fat, the chicken was dry AF, mac and cheese bland, and the potatoes were just average.  Their home made corn bread is suspect at best.  If you want BBQ, do yourself a favor and go to Sweet Lucy's.  Would have been one star if not for good beer.Awesome barbeque selection.   I had the catfish po boy and it was delicious.  Decent draft selection as well.  Nice atmosphere inside with quite an eclectic feel.  If you're looking for a decent spot while on UPenn's campus, stop here.The bbq is amazing. If you want good bbq, go here. 
That being said. 
Do not go here during your lunch break. They do not know how to handle a lunch rush. 
When my coworker and I came in there were 3 other tables there. We only ordered appetizers, 3 each, totalling about $20-$25 per person.  
Our appetizers took about 20 min to come out. We only had 5 min to eat. We got an extension on our lunch break.  
When we knew we had to leave we had to ask the hostess for boxes...  calling out to her because even though she was only 20 ft in front of us, she wasn't paying any attention to the room. Our waitress was no where to be found.  
We got the boxes, and the check. Then we waited. And waited. Our waitress was in the back, in plain sight of us looking at something they both found funny. We waited. 
Finally, we got up and handed our waitress the credit cards. 
I now know why they have good food,  but no customers at lunch. I'll go back for a treat for dinner. I won't be back for lunch.Awesome pulled pork platter. It does have a bit too much oil though... Today i tried the blackened catfish - it was amazing! 
Various fixins that I've tried: 
Baked beans - deliciousss
Collard greens - good
Mac and cheese - too much cheese
Side salad - dumb idea to get this. It's just plain lettuce with a few tomato pieces. Don't get this. 
Fries/sweet potato fries - pretty good
Cornbread - not fresh, quite mushy. I like moist cornbreads, but this is too mushy, so i'd like them to be drier and crisper. I love cornbreads though. 
Platters are huge. Good bang for the buck.I haven't written a restaurant review before, but I decided this one was worth it. Before I get into detail, I  want to say the food was good, but not something out of this world. The guy and I were on a casual dinner date. Now being, I wouldn't recommend this place for your dates. First of all, I called the restaurant for reservations for 2 and I was told that since we would be coming in after 6pm our seating wouldn't be a problem. We found this was a Friday night. When we arrive the hostess tells us that, they currently do not have any tables open, however the bar had a seating area. We expressed that this wasn't something we would like, so she suggested that we waited about 10 mins for our table. After 10 mins we get line(line did not exist when we first arrived) and we were told again that there was no table just the bar. So we waited again! I found this to be of great inconviniece because there wasn't even a waiting area. We had the option of waiting outside in the rain or waiting at the door and blocking the entrance, not to mention, probably get on the nerves of the people who are seated by the entrance. We finally get seatted though it wasn't the best area. Behind us there was a group of people who seemed to be a little intoxicated and very loud. Half of the time we were there we couldn't hear each other. Not that this is the restaurants fault, though if we were given our reservations when we called, I'm sure this wouldn't have happened. 
Food wise I ordered the Fried Green Tomatoes. Very delicious! The perfect combination of crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. They came with a little sauce on the side which was a great compliment. For the main I got the bacon and cheese burger with cole slaw. The burger was cooked well, and the bacon bits with the blue cheese inside gave the burger a great flavor. The coke slaw tasted great as well. The ingredients seemed fresh. Southern Soul food is never a turn down for me. 
I would go to this place again, just not on a date. Make sure you DEMAND a table in a nice quiet corner...This is probably my favorite place to get BBQ food these days. It's a pretty chill restaurant and has a really homey feel to it. Their portions are hugeeeee, I can never finish my meal when I come here. I would recommend the buffalo wings, they're smoked! AND they're very tasty. You can choose several different ways for them to prepare your wings, I always stick to buffalo. Also, they have several sauces available on your table, so you can add even more flavor to your food. Their fixins (side dishes) are pretty good. I've tried the collard greens, potato salad, mac and cheese and mashed potatoes, all were good. Now if you're a soul food eater, the potato salad is very different so try them with an open mind. The ribs are great, you can order a 1/2 slab or a full slab. I've only ever ordered a 1/2 and was very satisfied. I must tell you to try the banana pudding because who doesn't love banana pudding. If you remember, dine here during dining days, usually in July, you will get a ton of food for like 40% less than what you would normally pay.BBQ is pretty good, as are the sides.  It's pretty much all meat and heavy stuff, as you might imagine.  Staff and service are a little spotty.I was craving BBQ all day and decided to go to baby blues. Had no idea what I was getting myself into. Ordered the smoked wings, dry, and hands down the best wings in the city. Fall off the bone good. The pulled pork and brisket are great, being from The South, I will give this BBQ an A+ rating. The Mac and cheese seemed to change from the last time I was here but still delicious. 
I would def go back again. The only downfall was the cornbread ran out before we could get some. It was the end of the nite tho, however our awesome waitress comped us a side in its place.  
Noel was the name of the waitress, and she was great. Very friendly, personable, and was an all around great server. Def needs recognition. 
I'll recommend this place to anyone who wants good food.My friends and I just wanted to hang out somewhere nearby, so we stumbled over here. Our waitress was very friendly. Fries were alright, but a little on the salty side. There's nothing to write home about, but it's one of the few places with food and a great atmosphere that opens late nearby. I haven't really tried the food yet, so no comments on the BBQ.The BBQ is good, and the prices are pretty good. The service is hit or miss, and sometimes the food isn't that hot. It's obvious that most of the food is pre-prepped, which is fine, but it needs to be reheated adequately to make you think it's fresh! I like the lunch specials, good amount of food for the prices.If you want to eat steak, go to "Baby Blues"
 I have been to this restaurant several times since I came to Philly, and I like it so much because of the taste and environment. I feel everything is excellent!! Also, the access is not so bad; it is close to 34th street subway station.(3402, Sansom Street, Philadelphia, PA, 19104) Therefore, I strongly recommend "Baby Blues" to you to have a good time and have a great meal.
The Food 4/5
 This restaurant recommends steak ribs, so I ordered "Mason Dixon", which is a half rack of  Memphis-Style ribs and smoked chicken. Also it comes with two "fixins". You can choose from various types of fixins: "Mac 'N' Cheese, Mashed Potatoes, Grilled Veggies, Pork and Beans, Cale Slaw, Fries, etc." ("Baby Blues" menu from Yelp.com) I picked "Mac 'N' Cheese" and "Smoked Chicken Rice". Both of them were amazing. Personally, I really like "Smoked Chicken Rice". I guess that I would order them next time again. In addition, it does not take too long till the plate came. When I saw the plate, I could not stop myself because of the gorgeous smell of seasons and grilled meat. When I started to eat and to cut the chicken, the knife got through so easily; the chicken was soft, and I felt it was almost melting. Indeed, the rib also tasted wonderful. My friend and I felt that we were in heaven. While we were eating that plate, "Mason Dixon", we could not speak as usual because that was too delicious.
 The Atmosphere 4/5
 The atmosphere is awesome. It is clean, well-organized, not noisy, and so on. The tables and chairs look old; however, it makes the good mood: antique. Also, the bathroom is clean and looks really interesting because of the tiles. The desk and chairs are a little bit small for tall people because even I felt that is a little bit uncomfortable. (I am 174 cm=68.5 inches)
The service 4.5/5
 From the time I entered the restaurant, some server treated me really kind way. I have some problem to pronounce English because I am not a native English speaker. When I tried to order, the server could not catch the word "dressing" because my pronunciation was terrible. But she did not show any bad expression for me and asked, "Pardon me?", I felt that was so polite. Because most times when I say some words with bad pronunciation, people answer me "What?" with a little bit of aggression. On the other hand, in "Baby Blues", the servers are really kind even though customers can not speak English well. Indeed, the recommendation which the server gave us was great!! According to another person's  review, "As soon as we walked in, we had been seated immediately for a table for 2. Our waitress gave great recommendations for us". (Minh.C, Yelp.com)
I think that the service in this restaurant is one of the best one in Philadelphia, University City.
Overall, "Baby Blues" is one of the greatest and most wonderful restaurant in Philadelphia, University City.
Again, I strongly recommend you to try here. Probably, you would feel that how can you miss the restaurant. I hope that you would be repeater as I am!!I loved it, the service was excellent, the waitress was very attentive, authentic tasting BBQ! A very wonderful experience, made me want to kiss the cooks :)Not the best, not the worst. I really like the atmosphere in Baby Blues BBQ, but the BBQ sauce isn't the best, which is the whole point of getting BBQ, right? The quality of meat is very high, the ribs and wings fall off the bone, and my chicken is always perfectly cooked, but the sauces just don't do it for me. They are missing some sort of zing. 
I do, however, love the sweet potato fries and salads. Also, the drinks I've gotten there are well-mixed and they don't skimp on the booze!This BBQ was pedestrian at best. I have been to their location in Venice, CA and thought it was average too. I ordered the plate with 6 baby back and 6 Memphis style ribs and the ribs were overcooked and felt there is no good BBQ places in this town. The collards had tomatoes in them in lieu of ham hocks or turkey bits which I have never encountered eating BBQ in the South. The only item I enjoyed was their beef link sausage and their XXX hot sauce was good. Doubt if I will return.Went for lunch and the service was pretty good, although it did take some time to get the check at the end of the meal. I ordered the platter with brisket, pulled pork and sausage. The beef and pork were good with the compliment of sauces but I did not like the sausage, it tasted like a hot dog. The texture of the corn bread was odd but good none the less. The wife had a pulled pork sandwich and she enjoyed it. The bread was very good and so was the coleslaw. The fries that came with the meal were very good and crispy. It also had some good drink specials that I did not get to take advantage of but seemed like good deals
UPDATE:
Went back a couple days after the first review and it confirmed my previous feelings. The food was very good again, this time I had the BBQ'd half chicken with creamed spinach and chicken rice. The chicken was very good and perfectly cooked and the rice was a little undercooked. The cream spinach was the real surprise. It was not the slop that is the traditional creamed spinach. The cream sauce was a bit thinner with a nice nutmeg aftertaste and the spinach still had some bite to it. My wife had the pulled pork and loved it again. My dad had the brisket and liked it as well.
Bonus: Love the Harpoon Pumpkin Ale they were serving, best pumpkin beer I think I have ever had.Probably one of the worst BBQ meals I've ever had. Or rather tried, because I did not finish it.
On the recommendation of the bartender ordered to go Texas style beef rib plate ($30). Should have looked in the bag.
Instead of tender ribs, I was greeted by one big bone of tough and burned meat. The mashed potatoes were loaded with pepper that killed any kind of taste (or covered the bad taste). The sweet mashed potatoes were full of indigestible strings. I don't think I'll even try the banana pudding.
Was excited to have some BBQ, but instead will be calling my credit card company to get my money back. Really disappointing!So they willie brown burger at this place is amazing. When ever I go/order from this place I always order it. The burger come with mixed fries (potato, and sweet potato) and are amazing with the apple vinger.  There mac and cheese is also delicious.  They put blue cheese in it, so if you love blue cheese this is the mac for you. Their banana puddle is not spectacular but it is good. I've tried other meals but I didn't find them all to tasty,  but the willie brown is one of my favorite burgers.The service was awful. It took 55 minutes to get out food. They messed up my order- I had asked for a cheeseburger without mustard and they messed it up. They only came by to fill up my water once. We had ordered corn bread, they never brought it out, and then they charged us for it. I will never be going back to this establishment again!Best Ribs I have ever had!!
My husband were at a festival and decided on the ribs. What a great choice! We liked them so much, that we had to go for seconds :)We went to Baby Blues BBQ for Father's Day and it was such a great family, friendly spot. I had the fried catfish poboy with their hot sauce and it was so delicious! Outside of New Orleans, that was one of the best poboys I've ever had! My husband is critical about BBQ since he loves to grill himself and loved his brisket and ribs! To top it off the service was great!The best BBQ I've had in Philly so far! 
Pros:
--Amazing BBQ sauce 
--Amazing Ribs & Wings ; grilled to perfection
--Amazing Sides...especially the mac and cheese and potato salad 
--Amazing Staff 
Cons:
--A bit expensive but you have to pay for quality these days
--I didn't like the creamed spinach ; a bit bland...
Any other dishes or sides I didn't mention, I haven't had yet but i'm a fan!I came here with friends to celebrate a friend's birthday. We ordered some drinks and then our meal. The meals came pretty quick. And after that, we didn't see our waitress for the rest of the meal which was not helpful. We ended up sitting there and taking up room and air for another hour after our meal.
The food was okay. The ribs were good but too burnt on the outside. They were so burnt all over that it was hard to taste anything else. The sauces at the table were all waiter really tangy or spicy. For my sides, I ordered fries and mash potatoes which my friends thought was hilarious. The mash was okay...a little too cheesy for my taste but the fries were great. My friends and I agreed that the corn bread was a little too dry but if you dipped it in the sauces provided it was a little better. Overall, it was an okay experience.I'm totally out of my element in University City, but my friend had a Groupon for Baby Blues. What better reason to get together with friends and stuff our faces with BBQ? 
My group of 4 met the Friday before the Groupon expired. I'm not sure if it's usually that packed or if the restaurant was filled with other Groupon slackers, but it was crowded. 
The space was probably my biggest (and only) complaint about my entire experience. The bar and restaurant are itty bitty. We waited at the bar for our table and there was no room to move around. My husband and I tried to stand near our friends at the bar, but we were clearly in the pathway for people to walk by. Forget moving around, there was no place to even stand. We had our own space at our table, except the table was cramped into the back corner. We really felt jammed in there but there's no space to comfortably fit four people, four chairs and a table.
Spatial issues aside, it was a good experience. To maximize the Groupon, we ordered four entrees to share and picked the 8 sides together as a group. Not only did we pick them as a group, we picked them like a fantasy football draft. Our team of sides was the greatest. 
We ended up with Memphis style ribs, brisket, BBQ chicken and pulled pork as our entrees. For our fabulous side lineup, we ended up with two orders of mac and cheese, pork and beans, creamed spinach, mashed potatoes, mashed sweet potatoes, sweet potato fries and collard greens. The meat options were good and I definitely enjoyed them, but I've had better overall. The sides were awesome. I probably could go back and just do another big old round of sides. 
Our server was also great. For being customers in a packed house, we still felt like we were getting enough attention and getting everything we needed. She was also helpful in a few of our side-related questions. 
The beers were also relatively inexpensive. While the craft beer list was pretty standard to Philly, everything was cheap! Beers were $3 during happy hour at the bar. Even during dinner, I was able to get a Dogfishhead 90 Minutes (yes, 90 minute) for $6. 
I feel like UC can be as foreign to me as Pittsburgh sometimes, however I'd come over to this neck of the woods again for another BBQ deal.This place suffers the problem of low quality with high cost. Their food is mediocre, yet terribly overpriced and not very dynamic. They have a good bar, but so does all the other restaurants on this street. I have been twice, once for lunch and once for dinner. Their PoBoy was good for lunch, but the ribs were disappointing. Think twice before taking a seat and ordering here. The sides also seem cheap. Everything seems to be reheated from a freezer and the freshness doesn't really seem to shine through.Not the best but not bad at all. Had their brisket lunch special and it comes with one side. Not bad for the price and they were nice enough to offer me a beer for free.Not only was the food delicious and sweet tea authentic, the service could not be beat. As a Southerner, I was impressed with the quality of ingredients and taste of all the dishes. Highly recommend the fried okra, hush-puppies, and pulled pork sandwich. I only wish peach cobbler was on the menu. I will continue to return time and time again.Here for a conference and wanted to stay nearby.  Place is recommended by the Sheraton and by the bartender at Doc Magrogan's, where I had dinner the night before.  I was a little put off by the recent Yelp review, but gave it a shot.  The place is a little rough looking, which I think is on purpose.  Definitely a local hangout, as most everyone seemed to know each other at the bar, and everyone was friendly enough.  Service was fine.  It's really the food that fell short.  Got the babyback ribs ($19.95) with greens and grilled veg.  The sides were just ok, pretty soggy to be honest.  The ribs fell way short of what I'd expect from a BBQ place.  Only a half rack, and a pretty ratty looking half rack at that.  They were way overcooked, to the point that you could chip a tooth on them.  Sauces were excellent.  Cornbread was also pretty tasty.  If you just want to have a couple of beers and hear some good music at the bar, give it a shot.  If you want to eat good BBQ, try someplace else.  Lesson learned.Baby Blues is one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. The BBQ here is so good. The meat on the ribs fall off the bone and the corn bread is out of this world. Awesome atmosphere, makes Philadelphia feel like the south!Great BBQ place I stumbled upon in the university area.  Absolutely the coolest, hippest ambiance for a BBQ joint you'll ever go to.  In a historic old walkup, decor is eclectic and fun.  Service was a bit spotty, but a little expected for this college and family/touristy crowd.  Food was solid. I went on a Sunday evening (which was slow) and waitress was in a hurry- she had the whole room to cover.  She recommended the hush puppies as an appetizer.  Delicious and fresh.  Tasted like mama made them. Was going to order the pulled pork and she recommended the brisket sandwich.  Also a great recommendation- but was a little cold.  Comes with 2 sides and their side menu is extensive and look homemade.  Almost everyone orders the sweet tea or cherry Kool-Aid.  Had the mac and cheese- omg almost died and went to heaven.  Baked beans were yummy - smoky and flavorful.  Had the banana pudding for dessert.  You must save room for this.   Best I've had in ages. Overall, a great little find I'd recommend to anyone.  Try it now!I love the atmosphere of this place. The food is also fantastic. Where else can you get fried green tomatoes. Seriously give it a try.Damn you, proprietors of this fine barbecue eatery. You have certainly doomed me to many an unwanted lb. Sure, it will be delicious and authentic. Sure, I'll have fun washing down platefuls of savory, slow-cooked meat with glasses of cold beer, but that's not the point. The point is that I pay good money for my gym membership, and summer is fast approaching.
I hope you're happy with yourselves.We stopped in for dinner on a Saturday night and the place was somewhat busy. We were seated right away, but unfortunately it was close to the door and there was a constant gust of wind when the door opened and closed so my girlfriend asked to move. It didn't seem to be a problem at all, although speaking from experience, it can be a pain for a server if a table asks to move. Ours did a great job keeping up with us sitting away from the rest of her section and we felt like we got just the right amount of attention to enjoy our meal. The place seemed a little small although it appeared to have more seating out back. It was also very well lit and clean. The only real issue with the place is accessibility - the few steps in were a little steep and the restrooms were located downstairs, so that might create issues for some diners.
As far as the food, I'm fairly critical of BBQ, especially ribs and pork, but this place was excellent. I ordered the Big Blue combo with ribs, brisket, and pulled pork with baked beans and potato salad for a side. The ribs were cooked perfectly and pulled away from the bone cleanly. Great smoke ring and the rub added the perfect amount of seasoning to them. The brisket was slightly chewy but still had the perfect balance between the beef, smoke, and rub. The pulled pork was moist and flavorful as well, and I added some of the pepper infused apple cider vinegar to it that was on the table. We also tried a beef link. It was good, but I'm not sure that we'd order it again.
This place has a large selection of sides, so going with baked beans and potato salad were a tough call but not disappointing. Both were good, although next time we go back, we'll check out some of the other ones (my girlfriend had the sweet potato fries with her brisket along with a side salad and enjoyed both). They were out of mashed potatoes, but who orders BBQ and orders mashed potatoes anyway? We both also really enjoyed the cornbread and thought that it could possibly be served as dessert. It had a sweetness to it, was a little dense, and you could taste the corn kernels in it as well. Very good.
Overall, excellent service, especially on a busier Saturday night. The food was amazing, and so were the drinks. We were impressed with the place and will absolutely be back.This place is really good. The pulled pork is tender and there are many sauces to go with it. The hush puppies are great too and are made with real corn in them. Made me feel like I was back home in the south. Service is a plus as well.I'd like to thank the overly zealous door-dude at Mad Mex's who turned away me, my friend and her neice and nephew because her 13 year old niece didn't have ID. I mean it was 5:30pm, not even real drinking hours. (lol, okay even I don't believe that, but still...it wasn't that late) Without someone's gunning for a promotion on the backs of hungry 'tweens we'd have never found this place!
I was already bummed walking in the door because I really wanted some quasi-Mexican food and a big slushy alcoholic drink, so for me to become a BBB believer after one visit was no small feat.
The place was cool and woodsy. Literally cool, it was 97 degrees outside, and a dim wooden booth was right on time. We were seated across from the bbq bar, where one can pull up a stool and watch the experts whip up succulent experiments with meat. 
The service was good. I don't understand the perplexed look the waitress gave me when I asked for some carrots or celery to much on until our food came. I guess I can attribute that to maybe no one looking for snacks of the rabbit kind comes into Baby Blues BBQ for dinner. But the food came quickly so it was a non-issue.
And what a dish it was. Me and my friend shared a beef rib the size of a UFC fighter's forearm. Huge, tender enough to cut with a school cafeteria spork, and close-your-eyes-eat-it-then-hum good. Good enough to eat without the sauces. But you CAN"T not sample the sauces, that's like going to a strip club for the architecture. I won't go into elaborate descriptions of every one, but the sweet didn't disappoint, the bbq was tasty, hot delivered as promised, and XXX was just enough kick for the semi-daring (I could have taken an extra X in mine, but that's my only compliant). 
It came with two sides and we got a third. The mac 'n cheese, which is one of those dishes that can be real easy to f' up, was delicious. My friend had stewed tomatoes. I can't comment because the concept of a stewed tomato is kind of bizarre to me, but she liked them, so they were probably pretty good. The yams were decent, I can say I would've preferred a bit more sweetening, but I finished them down to the last bite, so who am I kidding? 
The kids had a shrimp salad and a burger, which they finished, so I'll assume they were good. Actually they're probably the best judges, if you take a 9 year old boy and a 13 year old girl out to eat and they finish their food, you can almost whole-heartedly believe it was good, because kids are the harshest food critics. But I digress...
The beer was average priced, there was something respectable on tap for $3.50. I have to have that when I return, because I WILL be returning. Did you hear what I said about the forearm sized piece of meat? I can't believe it took me so long to get here. I'm sorry for whatever business this place replaced (because it's fairly new) but actually I'm really not.I'm still on the hunt for good BBQ, coming from AZ I was hoping to find a decent place, unfortunately this is not the place. 
They do have the sweet BBQ sauce that was really, really good but that is about the whole thing that was positive about this place.Again, my mistake? Thinking the East coast has game when it comes to BBQ.
I had pulled pork, ribs, mac and cheese and cornbread.
I LOVED the mac and cheese - I could have eaten the whole batch of it.  
Service was quick and had a sense of humor, on my way out the door my foot caught in the cord of their stand-up-fan at the podium, the server says 'oh hey, thanks for pointing that out, that's kinda dangerous', yeah, no Shit, had I not grabbed on to your podium I'd have been suing your @ss! 
Meat was tender and juicy, but too spicy and lacking in depth of flavor.  Meh.