The food is much worse than previous Sakura. The service is terrible. They don't care much about the customers, but just chat with each other. You have to ask a few times for water. At least 20 min each dish. Furthermore, one order is totally forgotten.... Don't order noddles. Super bad quality. Can't believe Chinatown has so bad noddle. Miss Sakura very much!The restaurant is renovated, and menu is replaced. Ordered pig feet pot and spicy fried rice. Both were so delicious. The pig feet was so tender and flavorful. The spicy fried rice also becomes to my new favor. I will bring my friends to open a party over there. Strong recommend!The food here is very delicious amd they make the effort to make them look very appetizing as well. The environment is also very casual and calm. The price is also cheaper than most other places.In town to visit some friends. We stumble upon this restaurant, the place look newly renovated. We order the soup dumpling and I can believe how flavorful it was. Also the whole fish with pepper was very delicious, I normally cant take 2 much spice. The waiter/waitress were very attentive. All in all we really enjoy the food. Would definitely come back again if I'm in town again.酸菜鱼非常好吃
费城终于有好吃的湖南菜了
Pickled fish is very delicious
Philadelphia finally has relatively authentic Hunan food.Wonderful ambiance and terrific service! Maggie made my experience at the newly renovated restaurant easy and fun. This is my favorite Asian restaurant. Same owners as Sakura, with the same authentic Asian flavors I've come to love.It is the same owner but the interior and menu has been upgraded. They kept the old shanghai style dishes and added Sichuan and Hunan style, which we found delicious as well. We enjoyed the dishes and the servers were very nice. The only reason it's not 5 star is the price is higher than before with cash only.This place reminds me of Trader Joe's. On the packaging of the tj toilet paper, there's a cartoon where a man says, "if you like the brisket you should try the toilet paper!" Well if you liked the toilet paper you should look no further. It is the blandest and most tasteless Chinese food we have ever had. We went because we wanted something flavorful, and came out with sinking feelings. To make things worse, the meal of two courses cost more than 50. To pile on top of that, it was cash only. 
Miss the old Sakura. It was not the tastiest but it offered good value. The updated interior is welcome, but does not make up for the quality of the food.
The dishes looked nice, thoughMake sure you have Cash because this place does not take cards. However the food was awesome make sure to order off of the Dim Sum menu!Authentic Chinese food !
The food is pretty good especially the hunan beef noodle!
My friend likes intestine. 
The environment and service are all good!!Came here after the recent renovation for a late night dinner. We ordered Xiaolongbao, eggplant with preserved eggs, and bamboo shoots stir fry with pig stomach. 
The flavor for each dish is on point! Normally Chinese food I've had in the US is heavy with taste and all dishes taste more our less the same. What we had here has a great variety of flavors without being too spicy/heavy. Each dish had its unique flavor. 
We didn't try any spicy dishes. We'll come back for that!
All dish we ordered were perfectly cooked. It's easy to overcook the pig stomach dish but they did really well! It tasted crunchy and chewy.
Loved the xiaolongbao! The most juicy xiaolongbao I've had in Philly. Probably one of the best out of all xiaolongbao shops I've been to. The size is bigger than what you'd expect, and the skin can be a little thinner. However, still 5/5 on the taste & soupiness.
Would recommend. Would visit again.Be wary of the 5 star reviews written by accounts with zero friends.
I am very disappointed at both the service and food here. My server did not bring us water until I asked again and then they only brought one glass for the entire table. 
The food here is pretty bad as it is now run by a pasty chef. 
Don't be fooled by the new fancy decor. The food is anything but fancy. They should have funneled the money into hiring better chefs. 
We ordered the beef pancake, chili chicken, and Shanghai udon with pork. The beef pancake was sliced beef on white bread. The chili chicken was chilled and served in a warm soup, very spicy but why the heck was the chicken ice cold? The Shanghai udon was overly sweet and salty. No good. 
This place is cash only. I won't be back.Good portion size and nice price. Waiters are nice as well. The most importantly Food is great!Best Spicy Stir-Fry Bowl I have ever had in my life! After they renovated the place, the interior is much more comfortable and the best part is the food is still as delicious as before! Strong recommend!This is my favorite restaurant in Philly!!!!!!! They have the BEST Chinese food in America.Be prepared to come here with cash only or pay with Venmo.
A lot of the dishes run salty, especially the fried soft  shell crab and kung Pao chicken. The sauces are good to compliment the flavorful dishes. There was dish that was super extra salty and the staff heard our comment, and was kind enough to return the dish back to the kitchen to exchange for a new one. I would say, do make a reservation in advance if you can, the food takes awhile to come to the table and it isn't like a traditional dim sum restaurant where carts of dishes are rolling by for you to choose - it is more of a la carte menu.We were in town and craving some Asian food-stumbled upon this place not far from our conference. It looked nice from the outside. First up, they only accept cash or venmo (which was very weird). The owner/manager is kind of rude (no people skills whatsoever). They charge for soda refills and it's by the can. Ok now that that's outta the way let's get to the food - we ordered appetizers and entrees - both were brought out at the same time even tho we put in for the apps way before the entree. The spring rolls were stale - as though they microwaved it from the night before. There is no flexibility on the menu (for instance, I wanted a different side other than rice - nope, no can do, the manager is really strict... and also the only Side they have is rice). I had the spicy beef and I couldn't even eat 1/4 of it cause it just wasn't tasting good. I ended up having to nibble on the nasty spring roll since it was better than my entree. Oh and the waiter came and took the spring roll away before I finished it without even asking - like wth. I wish I could give this place a negative star because it really did suck. I'm assuming the manager is just trying to cut cost but it's not working. Save your money and go somewhere else.I'm surprised this restaurant have traditional Hunan Style food, which I can't find from anywhere in Philadelphia and New Jersey. I'm really impressed by the dry carrot fry with smoked pork, as a Hunanese, I know they must did a lot of work to make the most authentic dry carrot and smoked pork. And the pig feet is the best! Tasty, soft and chewy, everything balanced just right! I mixed the sauce with rice, it's fantastic!We used to order the spicy stir fry pot (your own choice of meat and veggies) at the old Sakura and liked it. We tried the new smelly pot dish and it's as good as the old. The same reasonable price and I think better serviceThe farm raised pork was so tender and delicious.  Really enjoyed our stop here.  Surprised at the other reviews - we love china town and thought this was excellent!  Only 4 stars because was only tried 2 dishes.Worst service ever. Called twice here tried to order take out. The girl taking the cal could not understand me. Rather than getting someone else who understands. She just hung up instead. Price is a little more than usual places and service is terrible. Would recommendI'm impressed with the food quality and service here. I love everything I ordered. It was recommended by a friend and decided to give it a try when they first open, I have been back several times after that. Price is right for the quality.Stopped by since their renovation and change of menu. Everything was reasonably priced with terrific good food quality. We had the best Life Fish in vinegary vegetable soup. Dumplings were awesome. Service was very prompt, pleasant and friendly. Store was very clean. Only disappointment was they don't take credit cards. Cash only with sales tax in addition. I would have given them five stars, otherwise.Everything we ordered was amazing! I used to love Sakura and was wondering WHY they would close the restaurant until I saw Bai Wei opened. Many Hunan dishes were added and I was very excited to try them all! Must try their "smelly pot" (Taiwanese Chou Chou Guo) and fish dishes. Will definitely return!Great food and great service! Been here for several times, love their smelly pot and sweet rice ball soup.Sakura Mandarin was amazing and this is even better. One of my favorites in Philadelphia.After a visit to the Philadelphia Auto Show, we went to Bai Wei to satisfy our craving for noodle soup. The restaurant's interior is modern and spacious for a Chinatown venue. The waiter reminded us at the entrance immediately that they did not accept credit cards. Only cash and Venmo was accepted. I suppose they want to earn a little extra by not having to pay credit card costs, which is not a customer friendly way of doing business. If you want to earn more as restaurant, then you should improve your service, not cut costs by limiting the customer's options. Luckily we had enough cash with us. The waiter assigned us a table in the back. After a while, we noticed that other customers got water and tea on arrival, but we did not get anything. How can you treat customers differently like that? We are paying the same as everybody else, so we also want the same service as everyone else!
Anyway, the Taiwanese noodle soup has too many noodles and too few vegetables for my taste. Moreover, half of the meat was skin, which I find chewy and not particularly tasty. We enjoyed the scallion pancakes however.Very authentic northern Chinese food. Highly recommended! My favorite dish was the intestines. The rock shrimp was good too!Came here for restaurant week
Started off with the soup dumplings, and fried dumplings in chili oil. 
These appetizers were pretty good
The rest of the meal was very satisfactory. I ordered the general tso's chicken along with the pork belly and it was very heavily flavored. The chicken pieces are HUGE. 
Dessert is where everything goes bad.
First off 2 of their dessert items ran out and this is at noon.
All of the items were pretty bad. The cheesecake tasted awfully weird.
The sakura mousse was just some mousse topped on a cheesecake and had some weird gelatin on the surface.
Overall, I would come back for the very good dumplings, but the rest of the meal was dissappointing.Excellent food and service! Best Chinese restaurant for REAL Chinese cuisine in Chinatown. Loved it. A must to try!First sign of trouble: We thought we were trying new restaurant but this is actually rebranding of former Sakura Mandarin that occupied the same space, which was a decent place when it first opened many years ago (known initially for its soup dumplings when these were rare to find) but had since become mediocre enough to point that we had stopped eating there. We had already been seated so decided to stay.
Second sign of trouble: Almost immediately after we placed our order, our pan fried soup dumplings (these are actually little buns) were delivered to the table. They were tepid and clearly had been sitting in the kitchen for a while. There was no soup in the dumplings either (perhaps soaked up by the dumpling dough while they sat in the kitchen).
Third sign of trouble: In contrast to the dumplings, our order of Dan Dan noodles didn't arrive until we were basically finished with our meal and only after asking about its status. By this time, we had already decided that despite the interior makeover (which you will recognize in the innumerable cheap 'hip' restaurants in China if you spend any time there) of new Sakura, the mediocre food quality was as we had remembered it and wouldn't be returning, again. The noodles, which were delivered cold, made sure of it. We brought the cold noodles to the attention of staff, who told us that Dan Dan noodles are served cold. I am Chinese and just returned not long ago from spending a year in Chengdu, where my family ate Dan Dan noodles several times weekly (yes, the real thing is that tasty!) and were never served it cold across dozens of restaurants we visited - there are various cold noodles in Sichuan cuisine but these are types of Liang Mian. There's also the fact that the noodles were served warm when we previously ate it in the restaurant's Sakura days. I switched from speaking English to Chinese and called them out, but they insisted the noodles are served cold. Fed up at the staff's lack of scruples, we returned the noodles and left no tip (first time ever!) to register our poor experience with the restaurant. As we left, the staff angrily chased us about not tipping. I explained we didn't have a good experience. Given one last chance to own up to their lie or even say something like our restaurant's version is served cold, the waiter just called me an asshole.Really good food, I would recommend their Kung pao chicken and it's only 12$ with a big portion. Interior is amazing and the atmosphere is enjoyable. In love with the painting omg the wall, really great choice of artwork.Amazing Soup Dumplings! 
Loved the bubble tea and deserts are super cute! I would recommend getting the crab and pork dumplings very yummy.The food is decent here, I have been wanting to try this place out for a while now since I have always walked past it. I was told that the soup dumplings would take about 20 minutes to come out but it came out pretty quick! The service is good. The spicy beef noodle soup was not spicy at all which made me a little sad, but it was still good. 
Overall the experience was decent, nothing too special, maybe it's because I came in about 40 minutes before closing. But the interior is beautiful, it's clean and very modern looking, it is also very spacious inside.Place was super busy but the staff were really friendly and helpful! Soup dumplings were ridiculous!! Wontons in chili oil were great First time I had a scallion pancake and was delicious. My non-adventurous friends from out of town loved it as well. Will definitely be coming back.Hunan Beef Rice Noodle
My sister took me to here again, despite the first bad experience here they seems improved over the time. Couple months ago the first time I tried their "Hunan Beef Rice Noodle" is was really good(first photo), I really enjoyed it, but yesterday I tried another time it was different in the bad way(the second photo)...not flavorful as first time I was little disappointed.. I hope you guys can stay the same taste as possible as you can..The delivery is pretty fast but they gave me wrong food. And it did not serve with rice! If it needs to prefer separately it should remind at the end does customer need Rice? Otherwise I will think I ordered the dishes it would be attached with rice automatically.The pig feet is so amazing, not that spicy but delicious. Also highly recommend the drink in Baiwei. The restaurant environment is the best in Chinatown, good for taking a selfie!Really nice looking place that serves authentic szechuan dishes - beware.. only accepts venmo and cash!Very good 服务员态度很好，还送饮料，黑糖珍奶茶和奶盖下次尝一尝吧。我们尝了咖喱臭臭锅新品，不过点菜不配饭。。不知道说些啥就这样吧，为了免费的奶茶也是豁出去了啦啦啦啦啦啦啦啦啦啦啦啦啦I have been here 3 times since they re-opened as Bei Wei. Love that they are BYO. Food has been really good, with only a little inconsistency (i.e. dry chicken in one of the casserole dishes one time) which seems completely normal based on them being so new and getting their feet under them. The portions are good for the price. I really like the beef and the shrimp drunken noodle, the double cooked pork belly, the soup dumplings, and the eggplant casserole with preserved egg yolk and ground pork. Service has been great each time and the presentation beautiful. Excited for their presence in Chinatown and hope they continue to do well!The dishes we got were very good. There was a nice assortment of dishes I had never heard of and we got adventurous. The prices were reasonable. You did however have to pay for hot tea and white rice. It was also cash only. We would have ordered more and brought the extra home if we were able to use a credit card.Food is decent but the service and interior is amazing.  Second time here, Definitely come back.Although they changed their name from "Sakura" to "Bai wei", their dishes are still in high quality. Will return and try more.Woooooonderful meal for the new year. Perfect and authentic chinese cuisine Generous amount of meat and fish. Really saved our trip to Philly! Definitely a not miss!I have been here a few times already. There dim sum is limited but the szechuan style food is amazing. MUST order items.
Crispy fried fish. This dish is slightly spicy, crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. Fish will never be the same if you try this dish.
Mopo is a silken tofu dish. Mild in flavor but softens the spicy crispy fried fish. It pairs very well together. It has minced pork, silken tofu, carrots and peas and hot peppers. But there is no spice to this dish at all.
Flaming stinky pots. Actually. I don't know the name of these dishes, But I can tell you have a pungent smell to it. It has that numbing peppercorn spice that makes the dish super unique. I love it.
Order a side of rice and get the black tea. These 2 must go hand in hand with all of their meals. 
A beautiful asian couple mural makes this place very modern and gives it a classy asian ambiance. Cash only or venmo. Parking is crazy around here but there is a parking lot right next door.Excellent authentic cuisine.  Ordered pig feet stew stirred fried Clams, and pork stomach w bamboo shoot.  The pig feet was tender and flavorful. The clams were fresh and delicious.  The service was attentive and fast.  Very nice addition to Philly ChinatownFirst time came to Bai Wei. When I first came in the restaurant, I was attracted by the modern design and cozy environment. My husband and I ordered 5 dishes and I like the Thai style pot most. The fired rice was so delicious and my husband loves it. The price is fair and affordable. Definitely would come back again.We loveeee this place! Great sushi and great Chinese. the soup dumplings are out of this world! Good prices and a super clean place. We go all the time!  It's definitely a great place to try if you want an authentic place in China town Philadelphia.I've been here twice now since they changed their name, and have been very satisfied with the quality of food I got. I tried out different soup dumplings each time (regular pork soup dumplings and pork soup dumplings with black truffled), and I was satisfied with the dumpling skin thickness, the amount/taste of the "soup", and also appreciate that they provided enough vinegar and ginger shreds to go with them. I didn't like how sometimes the dumplings would be stuck to each other and they end up rupturing before even getting off the rack.
During my first visit, I tried out the lamb with cilantro (because I love cilantro), and it was so good I had to try the beef cilantro on my second visit, which also left me very satisfied.
I think this place has a lot of interesting options on the menu which I am down to try in the future (might leave the famous stinky tofu dish to the last since I've never had a food like that before)This is my new favorite restaurant. I have been here a few times. They have a pretty big menu. The menu is very clear though. With food photos, it's easy to see and pick. I love many dishes here. Soup dumplings, live tilapia with pickle, crispy and spicy fish fillet are so delicious. The service is attentive and the atmosphere is so great. I love the painting on the wall. Will keep coming back.I had a Thanksgiving meal with my friends in this renovation Chinese restaurant. There are not only fashion decorations, but also very delicious food. This restaurant is very neat and dainty. Highly recommended！Haven't been there for a while. Seemed like they just upgraded the interior. But the most important thing is the food is still delicious and I like their new house special -- Smelly Pot.Everything is wonderful here. I love foods here and service here. Music is also very good btw. I am gonna come back with my friends next time.From the outside this place looked awesome - the decor was nice and the place looked very clean. First thing I noticed on the door was the picture of their black truffle soup dumplings and I knew immediately I had to try it.
My friend and I ordered the pork wontons in chili oil as well as the black truffle pork soup dumplings. The pork wontons in chili oil might've been the worst dish I've ever had - there was barely any meat filling - the actual meat filling was loose and bland. The chili oil sauce was bad as well, lacked flavor and spicy kick. Very disappointing.
The only reason I'm not giving this place a 1 star is because the soup dumplings were decent. Not good, but very mediocre. Hope to see the food here improve in the future.This place use to called Sakura, was shanghai style food. Now with the new look of the restaurant, it comes with new name called Bai Wei, and new style of food , the hunan style. I love the food here. I love the spicy dishes. The servers are really nice. I recommend this place for small group and big group. Today we had 8ppl sit in the round table, we order different dishes. Love the fish in the soup, the spicy cauliflower, and ribs. Try it out my friend!Came on Saturday night around 7 pm. I have to wait about half hour. So maybe next time, you need to do reservation first.
I'm not so sure what did we order, because my friend who made all the order for us. And he is speakin Chinese which I'm fully not understand. However the food came great and looks appetizing. The pork with soy sauce was not bad but need more cook to make it tender. I love the fish soup with the veggie. Dumpling soups is good too. We will be backThis is a very good and traditional Chinese restaurant in Philadelphia. It is spicy and new. We ordered the coucou pot, it was delicious. I also highly recommend the eggplants and the milktea.Everything here is good! My favorite is the beef fried rice with black truffles. OMG!! Also the scallion beef and the soup dumplings. I always pay via Venmo makes life so much easier.I stopped by the China town on the way to the airport, and was so lucky to find this restaurant. The food taste very authentic. Also, there's plenty of option to choose from.Bai Wei is a really unique restaurant in Chinatown - they serve dishes that I don't think you could get at any other restaurant here that feel very traditional.  The interior is cute, and there's no need to make a reservation it seems. Our service was wonderful as well.
For our meal, we ordered the century egg with eggplant, duck tongue, lamb dry pot, and truffle pork soup dumplings.  We also ordered a pot of red tea that was recommended.
The duck tongue is hard to comment on, I'm not going to lie we just went out of our comfort zone and tried it since we've never had it. For us, we personally didn't like it but that's not to say it wasn't prepared well!  Everything else was just spectacular - the lamb was spicy and tender and marinated super well.  The soup dumplings were so juicy and the pork was tender - my partner said they could now be his favorite soup dumplings, although next time we'd probably get the regular and not the black truffle as the truffle flavor was slightly overwhelming.  The eggplant and century egg was so good! This we also tried for the first time and loved it, and I really don't know of another restaurant that would serve this. Don't let the egg make you feel put off - it really just tastes like a salty egg. For people who don't know, the dish comes with a pestle that you can use to mash everything together. Don't eat the egg straight! Mash it in with everything else.
They had a great dessert selection that looks super cute and delicious but unfortunately they were out of everything we wanted to try! I would definitely come back to try other things on their extensive menu, and to expand my horizons more (and hopefully get some of their desserts!). 
Just as a heads up, they are cash only and they charge for rice.I read a Craig LaBan review that he liked this place so strayed from other solid places. The chicken lo main smelled weird and was kind of mushy and greasy. the fried pork soup dumplings were average, better than the lo main. These items were highlighted as popular favs - WTF.Came to Philly for business, wanted to find some authentic Sichuan restaurant.  The decorations of the restaurant is nice, but the food is not so great.   Portion is small and it's too pricy; scallions pancake is too oily and small, water boiled beef is small again, not a lot of meat and definitely can tell they use tenderizer, and most importantly, the flavor is not there at all!! Not spicy, not pungent, I feel I waste my stomach and one meal to this restaurant.  One more downside, they don't take credit card, only cash, very inconvenient!! If I ever come back to Philly again, this is definitely not a choice!! EMei is much much better!!It is really good.  Quality good, genuine portion, and their food says they care.  
Soup dumplings are the best in town.  My h still likes Tom's but he has agreed that Bai Wei is tasty,  most importantly it is not fatty and greasy.One of the best Szechuan in Philly. Amazing soup dumplings and fresh. Overall great atmosphere and restaurant.This is a really unusual gourmet Chinese restaurant.  They have completely redecorated the inside and it has a much cleaner feel than the previous Sakura Mandarin restaurant.  The soup dumplings were great.Decorations were beautiful and the dessert was cute, but soup dumplings were not as flavorful as I anticipated them to be. The pork belly though was amazing!!Best food in chinatown!! I like the dry pots and the fish fillet w pickle. They taste amazing and the waiters are well trained ,they treat every customer very nice.Really great food, I love their spicy dry pot! Also they have really good drinks thereReally!!!! Really !!!! Bad Host she doesn't know what she was doing at ALL. Waited about  45 mins for a table for 5 ppl when they are tables that are empty 
Waiter have to help her to Figure out where to set customer. Don't go here when they are busy
You will not get your foods.We loved the food here, however I felt that the tables were too small for the size of their dishes. It's also family sized. They take cash and Venmo which is nice! Rice is not included with the dishes but you'll often need it. The pictures I took were after we had begun eating, so the portions are A LOT larger than reflected in the picture.I've been here a couple of times and it's taken all those times for me to finalize an opinion so I could share with the world lol. This place serves dim sum and szechuan style food. If you're looking for true authentic dim sum, then you might want to consider the other dim sum places in chinatown. However, if you're craving some dim sum at like 8pm (which I normally do) then Bai Wei serves enough dishes to satisfy your craving. Although their dim sum options are limited, they are pretty good. I love their appetizers. The scallion pancake, cheese fried wontons and rock shrimp don't sound like anything amazing, but I always have to order these when I go because they're just THAT good. Anytime I come here with friends we always end up ordering soup dumplings. They aren't bad, but they're definitely not my favorite. My partner really enjoys their salt baked squid (which is the dish he orders at EVERY Chinese restaurant so you could say he's a salt baked squid connoisseur). I, on the other hand really love their noodles! I enjoy szechuan food because I like a little spice to my dishes. The dandan noodles and their drunken noodles with beef are my go-to's. I definitely have to come back and try more of their options, but from what I've had so far, I really enjoyed. Their staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is a great place to catch up with friends. Just know that it's cash only, but they also accept venmo, so plan ahead! There's an ATM if you need to grab some cash too.Recommended by a local friend and apparently it is one of her favorite restaurants in Chinatown, now it may be my favorite Chinese restaurant in Philly as well! Being a Chinese from Baltimore I am so jealous of the peps in Philly...
The food is authentic. Even the menu is authentically Chinese, you see, it is important to have pictures that go with the name of the item, so anybody can order straight by pointing at the pictures. I am 100% sure their menu will be helpful for the non-Chinese speaking diners.
We ordered a steamed sea bass with peppers, beef stew with dry bean curds in a casserole, and hot and sour rice noodles. Really love the fish, very tender and fresh, the peppers that go with the fish are so tasty... 
Not a fan of dry bean curds but the beef stew was really good. The hot and sour rice noodles should not be called 酸辣粉 in Chinese, better be 酸辣米粉 since the default idea is the transparent starch noodles instead of rice noodles, but the rice noodles turned out to be too good to be complained: smooth, tender, seem to be fresh-made.
The only pain is that now they only accept cash/Venmo --which is a bummer since who would carry 50-100 dollar cash nowadays! If you only expect your customers to spend 10/pp then it is fine, but here is more like at least 20-30/pp. Hopefully they can get their credit card system ready soon.I wish we could do half a star because is it 3.5. The food was just okay. The best thing we ate was the Peking Pork. If everything had the attention and flavor that this pork dish had, this would have been 5 star rating. I would not make a special trip to eat here again. The restaurant is nice clean and comfortable. My dinner companions and I shared everything we ate. We all agreed the food wasn't bad but it wasnt spectacular.This place sucks, and the price is ridiculously expensive. I miss the old Sakura restaurant.  They need to improve their customer service. Their waiters have no idea about what is mean by customer service. They do not greet you, or offer any water. They let us seat by a table where the AC dropping water. Terrible service. Terrible food !We went there on a Sunday at around 1:00 for lunch and it was super busy but for a party of two it was a 15 minute wait so that's not bad. 
The service was pretty slow but I'm guessing that because it was just so busy. 
The food was pretty decent. I really enjoyed the steamed dumplings and the scallion pancake. The chive pancake was good but not great. I have to say that anything that was fried was EXTREMELY greasy. Beware of that. Towards then end of our feast it became a bit much. The crispy fried fish was good too but I wouldn't order it again.Service is AWFUL and the food is subpar. Our server looked like he didn't want to be there. I ordered something and didn't like it after the first bite or two, and he refused to bring it back to the kitchen unless I paid for it. Definitely not worth the money.The food is authentic. The Xiang style chicken was fresh and delicious. I don't think it might be anyone because it has bones, which is common in china. The service is prompt and attentive. Will try out other dishes next time. The restaurant has a quit good selection of authentic Chinese dishes.Delicious. We stopped here after a conference in the convention Center. Cash or venmo only. Scallion pancakes were amazing fried bread, wontons in chili sauce, pork dumpling in soup, and pan fried beef dumplings. Everything was good. Quick serviceThis restaurant is wonderful!
My friend and I came hungry and we're glad we did!
We had every dish to share, starting with chili oil wontons and soup dumplings. Yum! Then we shared a stir fry pot; you get to choose the main ingredients and we used everything we were craving from octopus to beef. 
Highly recommend! Would come again!