The food here needs so much help.  I have ordered the mac and cheese twice and both times it's been a disaster. The first time it was cold, which I thought might have been the cause for the diminished flavor. The second time, it was warm and I realized whether warm or cold, it has absolutely no flavor. I apologize if this sounds mean, especially since I believe the chef might be a young kid and I'd hate to hurt his/her feelings. When I think of the mac and cheese dish, I picture a junior high school student coming home after school, cooking up the Kraft blue box mac, and then sprinkling Goldfish crackers on top. Other food items have also been ordered, but nothing would ever be repeated. 
"There's an old saying in Tennessee -- I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee -- that says, fool me once, shame on -- shame on you. Fool me -- you can't get fooled again." 
That said, please just go here for bar food and beers. Avoid the brunch dining experience.Our go to local bar!! My boyfriend & I love it here. We typically always sit at the bar & have great service. Beers are always rotating & have a great selection.  Food is good too. Nothing crazy but good fresh bar type food with some healthier options thrown in there if you are into them - which I am! Check it out, you won't be disappointed.Meh. We live nearby and were pleased to see a seemingly decent spot open up. It appeared completely out of character for the South Street area (which is AWFUL and most locals hate) so we had high hopes.Headed over for dinner/drinks on a Saturday night a few weeks later.
Certainly a decent beer selection and the bartenders were pleasant enough, but they missed the point of food service. They took our order and delivered when it came out of the kitchen, but were complete ghosts otherwise (even when standing directly in front of us chatting with other staff.) Unfortunately, our food was disappointing, too. We ordered 2 apps to munch on and maybe ate 1/3 of each. The calamari remoulade was inedible it was so spicy (we really enjoy spicy food) and the mac & cheese bland and lukewarm. We reluctantly ordered entrees thinking they might surprise us - should have known better. We had the pulled pork sandwich and salmon. Both were unremarkable, the pork dry.
Neighbors in SH/QV are hungry for nice options near home and ready to spend without needing to go across town. Considering the aforementioned local landscape, perhaps a greater focus on staff training and menu development than a fancy facade and a massive beer selection could start to fill that void.Went there for Sunday brunch. First of all, it wasn't busy at 1 pm. Beer selection was great! Food was great! We had the burger on French toast and an omelet. The French toast burger was amazing! The omelet was an omelet but hey...nice and fluffy. We will be back.Great spot for happy hour! Nice happy hour menu, I had $5 margaritas. Which for $5 weren't bad at all! We shared the nachos which also were great. The service was good! It wasn't bad but not outstanding!We were a group of 5 people and waited for an outside table on a beautiful night. We were told it would be a 15 minute wait, but it ended up being a half hour or longer wait. 
Once we were finally seated, things didn't improve. The outside tables were placed very close together, so you're constantly hitting the person behind you. In addition, the chairs were very uncomfortable.
We ordered food and drinks, and while the drinks arrived fairly quickly, we waited about 45 minutes for food. Considering none of us ordered entrees, that seems unreasonably long.  One of the things we ordered was the pretzel with beer cheese, and it was absolutely horrendous. The pretzel was a frozen thing that they didn't bother to heat the whole way through before serving it. The beer cheese dip was 90% beer with a little cheese, just gross. The mac and cheese was a little above Kraft quality. 
Based on long wait for such poor quality food, we will not be returning to this place.Was super excited to check out their coffee beer brunch this weekend with my boyfriend. The tap list was great although maybe just a smidge pricey ($16 flights?). It's a special event so whatever. The place was packed and loud. Our waiter came over to take our drink order and it was a good thing we didn't have any questions because we literally had to point to which beer we wanted so that he could copy out every letter of the brewery and name of each beer. We put in our food order shortly after, got our drinks and proceeded to....wait. And wait. And wait. It took at least 35 minutes for our food to come out. And I didn't see anything else coming out of the kitchen either. I wouldn't even have minded so much if maybe someone had spoken to us at all or even acknowledged we'd been waiting when we finally did get our food. Again, they were obviously pretty busy, but a "so sorry the kitchen is backed up your food will be out shortly" would have gone a long way. Once we finally did get our dishes, I was underwhelmed. I had the southern benedict and somehow the pork and sausage gravy were just entirely bland. The dish had a lot of potential, but just did not measure up. To their credit, the eggs were perfectly poached. My boyfriend had the French toast burger cooked medium and there was no pink to be found in that burger. It was a fun brunch concept though. I wouldn't be in a hurry to head back, but I wouldn't rule it out if something on the tap list intrigued me.Good food. Good drinks. Slow service. Got a Bloody Mary and a Mimosa. Both were on point. Omelette and eggs Benedict were also delicious. The service was really really friendly but unfortunately pretty slow. Perfect place for a leisurely brunch (aka great if you have no where you need to be).Not busy at all for a Saturday night, easily got a table. Started off with the Maine Stout beer, which was good but really didn't hold a candle to other Maine craft breweries. Calamari was safe, crispy, tasty, but the an unexpectedly small portion. For the entrée, I had the farmhouse burger which contained a dollop of goat cheese and a side of aioli. The sauce was very acidic and too thin. The burger, while cooked appropriately, had grill marks that were burnt and emitted a excessively charred flavor. Service was fine, but I probably won't come back here again.
Note that on Saturday there is a bottomless mimosa/bloody mary promotion from 10-3 at 25 bucks / person. Maybe something to check out?I am reviewing based on the three times I have popped into Bainbridge Street Barrel House. I'm going to come back to possibly add that fifth star after I have the opportiunity to stay for a full meal.
Four stars is based on the amazing beer selection, superb competency in bar staff and really tasty snacks I've eaten. 
So far I have to say to those who are not a fan of their fries, there is something very wrong with you. (yeah, I'm not making any friends on that comment huh?)
Well I stand by that statement. The fries I had here were so crispy, golden, and seasoned perfectly. Maybe you just waited too long to eat them. I asked for some hot sauce (because I'm that person..).and the house made hot sauce I tried was AMAZING. I was so floored by how the flavor profile built with the heat. If you like hot sauces definitely try this one. You'll want to take some home. 
Next I can speak to the deliciousness of the pickled butternut squash. So.Damn.Good.
I want to eat them every day. 
Perhaps a restaurant that has barely been open a month could be given a few more chances to wow you. Perfecting a staff and getting your groove together takes time. 
Harsh critics always seem to be the people with the least understanding of the industry. It's important to support local business and this is a solid go-to in the making for sure.I love the location and the overall look of Bainbridge Street. Some of the staff can be quite friendly. Sadly, the slow service and hit or miss meals cause me to give them a "meh, I've experienced better"....way better.
Most recently visited yesterday for a brunch/beer event that we knew would draw an early crowd. No doubt in my mind they did too, yet the were so unorganized from the start. They open at 10am, yet we are standing outside until just about 10:30 while they attempt to get their act together. Finally, they let the masses inside. At 10am, it was 25 people...get us in, but nope. They wait and let the line build up to almost 50 and when we sit at the bar, the bartender yells out "everyone please be patient, as we just let in about 75 people!".
If you would have let us in when you open, you would have been able to breeze thru the 1st wave and be ready for the 2nd, but you waited so everyone was chomping at the bit for service and with good reason.
I order a coffee stout from a FL brewery new to Philly Beer week and she brings me an IPA. Swing and a miss the very first chance to make things better. She was quick to correct things, thankfully. Our bartender did a nice job keeping our glasses filled and taking our order fairly quick. We waited about 30 minutes for our meal. I ordered the sausage hash and it was two beautiful sunny side up eggs on top of a bowl of cubed potatoes (just slightly undercooked) with a few small bits of jalapeno and the sausage was (no joke) cut up sausage links...the tiny ones and maybe one or two links. We're talking Jimmy Dean, scrawny links of sausage. Like no other hash I have ever had. Not the worst tasting thing, but it was a bowl of potatoes. $11.
I come here a couple times a year and the draft list alone will bring me back, but they need to work on the meals big time and the floor management has no presence in the place, they are always understaffed and too many people look pissed off dining in the joint.Great ambiance. The patio is fantastic and cozy. Loved the charred octopus and grilled pizza two ways-mushroom. The beer selection is also amazing!*Excellent beer list!
*Solid food variety.
*Some TVs for watching sports events.
-Service a bit lacking but not terrible.
This is a new place right off south street on 6th at the corner of bainbridge. I was impressed with how large it was inside. The selection of beers was pretty outta this world. Great draft selection and a ridiculous selection of bottled beers from every corner of the earth. The burger and fries I had were delicious, not anything crazy good, but great food to accompany a great beer.
=I foresee myself going to this place in the future for sure whenever I am down around South street.This place is good! The service was super friendly, the food was delicious (though a little greasy) and the overall ambiance was really enjoyable.  There is great outdoor seating and in the summer they open up with windows so that the place is very airy and fun.  I would definitely go back and I would recommend it to my friends.  
My only complaint would be that it took a long time to get the food we ordered but that's not a huge deal.This is a great place to have a (good) beer, on draft or in bottle. I appreciate that they support local craft breweries. The staff I've dealt with have been accommodating. The atmosphere is updated and lively. I have not had any of the food, but I don't think you'd be disappointed coming here for a beer.My first experience at the BSBH was very positive.  On their second night, I felt that all their cylinders were firing and they made everyone very happy.  The kitchen was flying and the drinks flowed effortlessly.  All the staff seemed to be up to speed and knew how to take care of the customers.
We arrived to a packed bar.  It being election night, all eyes were focused on the televisions showing the results.  The music was at a good volume to let you know you were out somewhere but still able to have casual conversation.
First up were the fried pickles and wow were they good.  The pickles were sliced into medallions, coated in an IPA batter and fried perfectly.  The accompanying dipping sauce kept the dish light and fresh.
The grilled octopus was really tasty and my only gripe was that I wanted more of it.  The texture and flavor of it was perfect and I believe it was resting on a sweet potato puree.  The standout for me was the lamb liver terrine.  It had the organ taste but it wasn't overwhelming.  Garnishing it with capers brought just the right amount of salt to the party.
The space is really nice.  Their is ample seating at both the bar and the surrounding tables.  I think the Bainbridge Street Barrel House really hit the ground running and it's a great addition to our neighborhood.I wish this place was in Chicago. Half price most drafts on weekdays. Food was perfect for the price. Location was awesome. When I travel i love going to the areas removed from the tourist sections of town. This place delivered on every level.Stopped in while doing some shopping on South Street. The beer list is extensive and has all my favorites. Scott, the bartender is knowledgable and was able to recommend a beer and food choice for me that paired well together. When the pork sandwich arrived, I was super happy to see that the cabbage slaw mentioned on the menu was in its proper place - ON the sandwich. The pork itself was the perfect combination of smokey and spicy. That, combined with the creamy slaw made me one happy girl. I finished my meal with the olive oil pound cake and salted caramel ice cream - a perfect not- too sweet, but very delicious finale to my late lunch... Looks like I'm walking back to center city to burn off all the calories,  but it was so worth it!My girlfriend and I ate here yesterday, 1/27/13, about an hour before brunch was coming to an end.  There was a great bustling crowd in the restaurant, yet we were lucky enough to grab two seats at the bar.  We went there after seeing their tap list on phillytapfinder.com.  I'm so glad we went! The tap list was simply amazing. Lots of beers that I've never seen in any bar in Philly or the suburbs.  After talking to the nice and welcoming manager, Scott, it turns out they just recently had a sour beer event, and some left overs were on tap.  I hope they keep getting in the rare brews!  My girlfriend and I both drank a couple sour ales (Local Option Kentucky Bourbon Sour & Trois Dames Oude Bruin were stand outs!) and we each ordered the Sally Smothers burger. I had originally wanted the Porkenstein sandwhich, but that was "86'd", which was understandable since they had their busiest brunch service yet.  But the Sally Smothers burger, with a soft warm bun, juicy, perfectly cooked beef, pancetta, fried-just-right crispy onion straws, and an over easy egg on top,  was an awesome second choice. The decor is beautiful, with an open kitchen, a long bar, lights hanging from the ceiling in mason jars, and a nice overall layout of tables.  It's a great mix of rustic and sleek design.  We can't wait to visit again!  My girlfriend and I loved this place!Came here a few weeks ago for dinner on a Saturday and I loved it! We had no issue getting a table, which is always nice.
The mac and cheese was soooo good. I would go back just for that. They also have a really impressive beer selection. I had the Camilla chicken sandwich which was pretty good, but not my favorite.
The service was also great. Really attentive but not overbearing. Overall I had a great experience there and would definitely recommend anyone to check it out!I came here on a whim with some friends. It was a little slow but non the less good. The house dressing for the salad was great and so is the beer! Ill be back for sure!In short, an excellent atmosphere, terrific brunch menu, likable staff, & extensive beer list.
Review:  
This is a newer restaurant/pub in the Southwark/Queen Village area. The interior has low key lighting, with a handsome woody decor. The bar is counter style, but it works with the two big screens on the wall behind it. Tables are cozy and close, but there are more private areas, if needed. Large windows surround this corner establishment to provide ample natural light and scenery.
The soup of the day may be a traditional staple with a slight twist (like tomato bisque) or something unique (like pork soup with cabbage). The brunch has everything from waffles and pancakes to creative omelets(Italian,Greek, etc...)  (or the make your own Mutt omelet),  there is also the french toast burger - which tastes as good as it sounds. I've thoroughly enjoyed everything I've ordered (after four trips) from the menu to date.
The barkeeps are very knowledgeable and friendly, they will offer a sample of a brew on tap, if ,you are curious about something, and they will even take time to make honest and sincere chat with the customers at the bar. The manager seems like a genuinely nice guy as well. This is something you only find in better neighborhood establishments (take it from this pub veteran).
That brings me to the beer list. How does 25 rotating flavors on tap sound? How about a few barrel-aged flavors?  If , your still not sure- no problem, there is a well categorized bottled beer menu (about 8 pages) which will surely have something to your liking. If your thirsty for a beer, this is the place to stop.
If , you have yet to visit the Bainbridge Street Barrel House, it is as good as any pub you have ever visited, however, after you enter through the revolving door and settle into your seat, you will soon realize that you made one of the best decisions of your day. This is a warm and unpretentious place, where you may not bump into the world's most interesting man, but, that is only because he has not been there yet.Middle of the road type place. Not one of those places that you would plan a night out at, its just more along the lines of "lets just go in for a beer real quick". 
They do have nice TV's. Food was ok. Had the Gnocchi, it was wayyyy too heavy. Wouldn't get that again. 
Decent place though. If I lived around the corner from this place, I would stop in more, but since I don't, I probably wont.I'd wanted to go here for a while, ever since Tapestry closed, and we finally made it out before dinner on a Thursday.  The happy hour deal was one of the better ones in Philly, with half off all drafts from 430 to 630, and the beer selection was solid. My wife, who is not a beer drinker, loved the various house infused cocktails. 
The space is perfect for hanging out and definitely has the room to accommodate larger groups of people for happy hour. We will be back often.Went today for Brunch.  Our server, Colin, was very pleasant.  
My husband & I were seated near the door.  After seeing we were blasted w/ wind when customers came in, Colin locked the door w/ out us having to ask.  
The food was great.  We ordered the chicken w/ biscuit waffle; and pork roll, egg & cheese on a biscuit.  $5 mimosas-- can't go wrong. 
We will definitely be back again.I liked the space! They had booths facing the TVs so we got to sit cafe style while watching a game. They had a great beer list and we did like the fried pickles. The menu was fine but it didn't wow me. 
I'd go again but I think the three stars is appropriate for this cozy bar food place. It might be a good party venue. Maybe I will update the review next time. I certainly like the area!Love this place! Mellow atmosphere, farm to table veggies, great draft list and ciders!I have been to Bainbridge street barrel house a few times now and I never had a bad experience there. They have a pretty good beer selection, I tried their late dinner menu with a hummus platter  and tried their brunch with a french toast burger with bacon.  Bot were very tasty and there was plenty to eat! The service was very good and I think the prices are in line with where they should be. I will definitely go back to this place.Let me start off by saying if I was just there to drink I would have given an extra star. Great beer selection though a little pricey. I liked the atmosphere and the feel of the place and loved the mason jar lights.
I should have known when there was no one in the place except for 1 or 2 people at the bar that this was a  bad decision but we gave it a shot. We were going to order sandwiches but went for the apps instead to share. We ordered the wings, mac and cheese and chili. These are 3 foods I think would be hard to mess up in a bar scene but I was wrong. I will say the chili was good. It could have been that the wings were so bad that I was just enjoying the chili so much. Regardless, I would get it again. The wings, terrible. Even came with a complimentary piece of hair! Whatever sauce they put on them should be changed. I hate when people try to make simple bar food fancy and screw it up. And whatever the sauce was to the equivalent of blue cheese, yikes! The mac and cheese...what it seemed like was they took a microwave pack of easy mac, added some more cheese then crumbled "goldfish and pretzels" as they said. Wouldn't put it in my top 100 mac and cheese places that's for sure. Save your money and go somewhere else! Food needs some help but this place has the potential to be good if they can get it right.A truly delicious old fashioned and every appetizer was awesome. It's also in a great location with the ability to sit and drink here or go out afterwards (a short walk to many South Philly bars).We decided to come here for dinner and drinks and I became a bit nervous as I read other people's reviews. I'm just glad I didn't let it deter us from coming! Maybe they've hired new waitstaff or improved training for their former waitstaff, but our server, John, was fantastic. I don't have 1 bad thing to say about him. We weren't super hungry so we enjoyed the BBQ wings (great value with 10 very big, saucy wings) and the fries, which were very good. I had the cucumber gin (house infused) martini and it was only $9! Lots of gin, refreshingly cucumbery, and very strong! Fiance had a glass of wine (the wine list was good for a place that specializes in beer). The outdoor seating was great. Honestly I can't say anything bad about this spot! I hope other will give it another chance.We were three and planned to eat and drink.  Upon arrival, I checked in on Yelp and was told that Bainbridge st barrel house was offering me a 50% discount on a beverage.  The staff refused to make good with this offer.  
So yes, BSBH lied to Yelp, saying they would make good on this offer to customers, but it is a lie.I went here one afternoon after work with a friend. We sat outside because the atmosphere is nice and it was a beautiful day. Our waitress brought us waters and we told her we needed a few more minutes before ordering. She walked by more than a handful of times without ever stopping. We saw her bring drinks and food to the table next to us. After 10-15 minutes of her not even looking at us, we just left. 
Maybe the food is good but I guess i'll never know.So understaffed!
Saturday night dinner time and our waitress or any wait staff was do hard to get a hold of. Slow service and our food took so long.
The good us decent. The farmers burger with the goat cheese was really good. Was not asked how I like my meat cooked. Fries  were good.
Crab cake burger was pretty tasty. Side salad had a light gingerish dressing.
Good beer selection and pretty nice vibe/decor.
I wouldn't go back purely cause the service was so inattentive. Can't blame it all on the waitress as the she was swamped. Still would have been nice for her to check in it refill water.We went out on a Thursday night looking for a bite to eat without too much ado. Arriving at Barrel House we realized it was exactly what we were looking for. It was filled only about a third to half capacity, so it was not too loud. We sat in one of the booths close to the bar, which provided a great view of the games on tv. 
For drinks we had two of the Boulder Mojo Risin'. It was a Double IPA with a very light aroma of grapefruit after taste. It was one of a large selection of craft beers on the menu. 
We ordered the often recommended Brussel Sprouts. They came with a mix of apples, bacon, almonds, and onions. They did not disappoint. I could have had five orders of those and been happy. The Lamb Sausage was recommended over the Duck Confit from the waitress. She said the chef likes cooking the sausage better. It was quite tasty, not too spicy and the mustard didn't overwhelm it. It did take a little bit too long to come out, which the server did acknowledge that it was put on after our Brussel Sprouts had already been finished by us. For an entree I selected the Braised Short Ribs over a sweet potato and broccolini. All of the taste complemented each other well and I was happy with the selection. They do not short you, no pun intended, on the ribs, either.
Overall I was pleased with the venue, staff, and food. I would recommend it to anyone looking to get a bite without going too upscale, but rather looking for a comfortable place with good food.Drinks and food has always been great here.   Only reason why not 5/5 is because service can be spotty.  Its either the best service ever or you're sitting at a table to be cleaned for 20 minutes....
Anyway they have an extensive drink menu which includes whiskey flights.  I am a huge fan to come here for drinks.  The ambiance is very cool with the dark wood and industrial lights.  
My absolute favorite thing to get here is the ice cream- the guy makes it from scratch!
Hey for a whiskey flight and some home made ice cream, I keep coming back regardless of the service.It's with sadness that I have to write a non-excellent review. I want to like this place a lot, pretty solid atmosphere and set up, great location, big and nice windows. But a lot of stupid and unnecessary crap went wrong - they never gave us silverware, there wasn't soap in the bathroom the entire time (went when first got there then before I left - never refilled), the open kitchen set up only works if the cooks don't create smoke every 10 minutes that wafts through dining room, and finally, they were out of half the entrees! Yes, out of 6 entrees they were out of half of them, that seems pretty ridiculous. 
They also skimped on fish and chips portion.  
I commend them for including a survey with the check, I gave honest and fair feedback and hope they listen to it. 
The place needs to get better or die trying.Great service and great food! Awesome neighborhood spot! Meghan a wonderful server! I recommend this for a casual dinner spot!I wasn't sure what to expect from this place since the reviews here are pretty mixed! My friend and I went there on Thursday night. We were happy to get a table outside and enjoyed several different beers from their extensive list. We ordered the nachos and the mezze plate. The nachos were nothing super special but we liked them! The mezze plate was gigantic, beautifully presented, and so delicious. We loved the grilled veggies and variety of dips with pita and crackers. The only part we didn't love was their take on dolmas...the grape leaves were really tough. We had a great experience here and will be back for sure!What a relief. Great service great eats, dined outside Mother's Day w/ my Lady aka mama and my brother. Everything was awesome. I had the smoked salmon nicoise salad, calamari, and fries, mom had the fish and chips and wings, brother had a grilled chicken sandwich and fries....everything was delectable can't wait to go back.Went to barrel house on its first Friday open. Very busy. We did get an awesome table for our large party after waiting not too long. Beer list was excellent and the bottle list extensive. Service was good considering how busy it was and it being the first week.
As for the food, I was most disappointed with the size for the money. The French fry appetizers were tasty but they could have fit many more fries in the serving dishes. Or they could have used smaller dishes! The burger was tasty but I didn't understand the double patty especially because it was not covered in cheese. Lettuce and tomato would have been great or at least made the plate appear more full. Or they could have given more fries! There are many places nearby with more impressive burger plates. Hopefully they will improve. Also the falafel burger looked more like fried fish than falafel.
Overall great beers and food that needs some work or at least some super sizing.I'm giving this a hopeful 4, though right now we may be at a 3. We went by last night and had a very enjoyable time. The servers were in their first week, but friendly and attentive. The beer list was unique and high quality, with prices that were about average. Liquor prices seemed to edge a bit on the high side, but nothing outrageous and a pretty good selection.
The menu is standard, but seems to have some creative and tasty spins on things. My only gripes with the food were that either the portions were too small or some of the prices were too high, and my fries came out cold. Still, everything we had was tasty and high quality. I'm anticipating the kitchen will be running more smoothly within a short period of time, as they're already doing a better than average job. If they can balance out the portion size (and they only need to look to the other end of their block to find out what happens in this 'hood when you don't...), this place could be a popular neighborhood spot.I ended up at Bainbridge Street Barrel House on a Friday night with 3 friends after getting dinner at Growlers. The drinks we got were all tasty, and the place itself was great. Absolutely loved the light fixtures (weird to note, I know, but they really are cool)!
BSBH loses a star only for service - the waitress was super nice and helpful, but she seemed a little overwhelmed and took a very long time to come over and take our drink orders. She did say it was her first night, so I forgive her. But to get 5 stars just on drinks, a place has to be absolute perfection. But not be fair, but it's true.
I will definitely be back and am looking forward to trying some of their beers on tap, as well as their food. If you're nearby, absolutely stop in for a drink or two!As a  local, I appreciate the great job of transforming that corner of the neighborhood, it  looks great. Warm and inviting inside too, and the waitstaff was top notch. Unfortunately, that's where it ended. Wasn't  a menu that I was interested in so since I am a burgerphile I tried the chef's "signature"burger. OK, so it's "just a burger", but any burger over $15 should be better than "just a burger."  It was supposed to be med/rare, instead I received 2 dry pucks precariously balanced on top of each other with a slice of cheese, on a hard English muffin. Who puts a burger on a muffin? All this south Philly bread at our doorstep and you guys use English muffins? When you try to bite into it, the pucks slide across each other, I just wanted "a" burger I could sink my teeth into,  2 patties are just stupid. No garnishes, no nuthin, meat was dry and tasteless. I don't usually order fries, but they came with it, soggy. I set it aside after only 2 bites which totally upset the waitress, maire d, chef and owner.(maybe they thought I didn't want to pay for it, but I did). The beer selection looked interesting, but my  date seemed to have been a bit shortchanged on a Jameson, little stingy with the alcohol. It's a shame, but I'm sticking to the old neighborhood hangouts.Love this place! They have an amazing rotating draft list at good prices, especially during happy hour. It's a great place to go if you like heavier, darker beers that some bars neglect, but they have a broad variety as well.
While beer is the main attraction here, the food is good too. They have a house-made black bean burger that's way better than your average bar veggie burger. Their other entrees, burgers, and salads are also good.
This is easily my favorite bar in the area.so i gave this place another chance and it's gotten SO much better... clearly someone cares about the business and wants to see their customers happy. they have a great beer selection and the bar tenders are very nice and easy to talk to. well done.Great spot in South Philly for sunday brunch. The selection of craft beers is adequate and the $5 momosas are what brunch is all about! Belgain waffles with anything on it are great here. The "Chicken & Biscuit Waffle" was a hefty portion that will leave a full grown man satisified. The chicken was so crispy and perfectly cooked. The "Pears Foster Waffle" with caramelized pears and whipped cream on top was sweet and savory. I added a side of bacon as well. We had such a good time here... Brunch turned into an all day affair.... Lol.granted they have been open for a short period of time, there was absolutely nothing good about our experience.  
a group of 6 ordered beer and food; the beer order was wrong and delayed for 45 minutes without any apologies or efforts from the staff.  we had to repeatedly ask for our beverages, including water.  the food came out at different times without apologies.  the staff was condescending and defensive.  we are very disappointed because we had high hopes that this would be a new neighborhood favorite.  
there is no meal/entree on the menu.  this place is strictly small plates.  the food is not good.  all 6 adults were very disappointed.  
there is no reason to eat here.  do not go.Food was ok, beer selection was great, but service was seriously lacking. Our server was taking care of my entire family and had 0 sense of urgency, mind you it was not busy. I asked if I could box up my food and it was brought back to me with the container all wrapped in a plastic bag and tied tight. Got home, took out my food and there was nothing in my box but homefries. I had asked him to box up a half plate of food. My entire main meal was gone. And half of my girlfriends omelette, gone. Should probably teach your workers that when you wrap things you don't throw away the whole meal first. Very disappointed, I'll be sure to not recommend this place ever again. I felt terrible for bringing my family there. Best of luck to you, Barrel House.Came to barrel house for sunday drinks. Wasn't going to eat, but Artie made the specials sound so delicious that we had to try it. And we were definitely not disappointed. Artie was AMAZING!!!  Great drinks and food with incredible service!!Having been here four times since opening day, I figured it's time to write up a nice review of the place.  The first two times I went in were for drinks (opening night and one other time) ... this was before they had implemented a happy hour.  Prices were fair and food wasn't bad, but I was disappointed both times due to the fact that many of the beers they had listed on their vast beer menu were not in stock.  Since it was within the first week or two of their opening, I figured it was just something to chalk up to a new business getting up and running.
The third time I went in was for dinner on a Friday evening.  We got seated immediately, despite the fact that the place was packed.  The food was pretty good (I had a quinoa salad and my date had the burger), but the service was lacking.  The waitress brought the wrong beers, our food and drink orders took a really long time to get, and when we actually did need something from the waitress, she was nowhere to be found.
My fourth and most recent visit was for their newly instituted happy hour -- one of the best in the city, in my opinion.  They offer half off (yes, 50% off) ALL draft beers (except whatever is in cask) for two hours, which is really an amazing deal.  Since their draft list is always changing and boasts about 15-20 options, you're really getting an opportunity to try out some of the more interesting (and pricey) beers for half off.  I mean, my friend tried an $11 beer for $5.50!  This last visit was the best one so far -- they seem to have more of the kinks worked out now.
I'd definitely recommend this place for HH and to try out some really different beers.Happy that they confirmed via our Twitter account that the pat lafrieda brisket blends they carry are from creekstone.  With that said I was a little disappointed in the burger, the patty was great but toppings, sauce, and bun needed to be better.  Their sweet potato fries were very good though.  Seating outside is good for families with kids. 
Note that their mustard contains alcohol so ask before leaving it on.Went here on a Saturday afternoon for lunch. We sat outside but the it was a nice day so all of the windows were open so even if you didn't sit outside you could still enjoy the beautiful weather. 
On weekends they don't serve lunch until their brunch menu ends at 3 so we ordered lunch. I got an omelette and my boyfriend got the lamb eggs Benedict which were both great. Service was pretty quick and relatively friendly. All in all a vey nice experience.Probably the best beer & bourbon list in the city. Great food too. I had the grilled octopus, and the pizza two ways.Pros- very comfortable surroundings, fantastic beer selection, interesting and well prepared food
Cons- pleasant but sluggish wait staff, unbelievably slow kitchen
Overall very good, and the beers soften the waitThe food was mediocre and the service was so slow. I went on a Wednesday night and there were very few people there but it was 45+ minutes before we got our food. It's a nice spot but I'm disappointed.Let's title this post "Dirt Salad."
We tried this place despite the mediocre Yelp ratings because it's nearby and looks appealing from the street.  Plus, we thought the slow service issue might be mitigated by going at lunch, when we were the only customers in the place.  No luck.  It still took a surprisingly long time for the good to come out.  
My husband liked his burger but said the fries were only OK.  I ordered the quinoa & arugula salad which LOOKED promising, but every few bites contained grit.  Not just little bits, but large grains of sand.  For some reason, I couldn't spot it with my eyes, but the crunching was so loud my husband could hear it.  I was actually afraid I might damage my teeth.  
I probably should have sent the salad back, but I was so hungry and they were so slow.  Plus, because I have a gluten allergy, there wasn't anything else on the menu for me to order anyway.  A replacement salad might well have been as sandy as the first.
I told the (very nice) waiter about the salad being gritty before we left in hopes of sparing future customers' teeth.  He did not offer to take it off the bill, but I wasn't really expecting him to.
I doubt I'll ever go back.Opening weekend. We expected it to be busy...
I called this morning and asked if I could reserve a table. They said "8 or more. Any less than that, just call ahead 30 mins and we'll put you on the waiting list for a table". Fine. 
We planned on getting there at 7:30 so I called at 6:45 to put our name in. Voicemail. Tried 8 more times. All voicemail. Walked the 2 blocks there and spoke to the hostess, hoping to get our name in a little early. She said "1 1/2 hours". Staring at the phone on the hostess' booth, "But I called for a table". "I'm sorry, our phone system is still new"
Skip ahead, skip ahead. 
2 hours and 20 minutes later, our time spent at the bar...as well as our money, we tell one of the hostesses that we will be leaving and she says that she understands and that we would probably be waiting longer for our food anyway. She thanks us for coming and apologizes for the wait. Fine. 
On our way out, a member of our party speaks with the GM about the fact that were leaving before we were seated and she responds by telling us that she's tired of hearing how people feel and that she's fine with us leaving...
I will say this much...I think that BSBH has potential. I think the drinks were good and the apps (we had time to get a few at the bar) were pretty good as well. 
However, the managing staff needs more than a slap on the wrist. They were rude. In my opinion, the wait staff was friendly and understanding...they were great.  
I was, initially, very excited to pay this place a visit. 2 blocks away from our door, looked awesome and had a great selection of food and drink. 
However, we will not be returning anytime soon. The GM never offered an apology for our wait or our inconvenience. We would have even been fine with a more realistic wait time. That way, we could have planned our night accordingly. But we weren't given that. Instead, they didn't want to hear our "feelings". 
This place would be awesome with a manager who understood real customer service. We all understand the growing pains a restaurant needs to go through, but good customer service is not something that comes with time. It comes with the quality of people you employ. 
Would love to love this place. Hope that they get their priorities in order and their management trained a little better on how to speak with their patrons. Until then.First experience here was awful. My wife and i sat at the bar which was mostly empty and were blatantly  ignored by the bartender for 10 minutes, then left. This was over a year ago. On a whim, we went back for brunch a few months ago, had great service, the food was decent and the atmosphere is very relaxed. We have been back several times now, with similar pleasant experiences. Nothing that will knock your socks off as far as the food goes,but it is very good. Their beer list is very well selected and have some fantastic bourbons as well ....
(they have pappy on their menu!) A nice neighborhood type watering hole with solid food is always a welcome addition in my book. 
(Also... family friendly. We bring our little one with us with no problems)The beer and bourbon selections are fantastic. Great atmosphere. The food is not going to knock your socks off but it's pretty consistent. The omelet on the brunch menu is always cooked perfectly (I hate when eggs are overlooked). 
Overall I'd say this is a great neighborhood spot.Food is always delicious and beer list is fabulous, but we shan't be returning until they fix the problem with the poor service and the slow kitchen. We always wait too long and rarely see our servers. This is such a fixable problem, so we hope that the owners do so.I loved their brunch menu and food was good. But the service wasn't so good. The servers took forever to take orders, bring orders and check, which was a little obnoxious.Went in for after dinner drinks and was extremely impressed with the vast selection of Whiskey both rare allocated selections and regularly attainable varieties that they had available. The pricing was pretty fair as well and the staff was eager to answer any and all questions I had about certain selections and took the time to help make my selections without rushing me.  Definitely a place to check out if you are a serious whiskey lover.  This will now be one of my regular stops to visit when I'm out and about in the city .I have no complaints, service was good and food was tasty and timely. The restaurant didn't blow my mind to merit 5 stars but I will definitely be back to try more if their menu.The previous reviews are right.   Completely awful from beginning to end.   We went for brunch and ordered drinks.    They took a very long time.   My iced tea was nearly clear and had no taste.  The food took 45 minutes.  For brunch.   The pork and waffles was completely cold, rubbery, and tasteless.   It was served with watered down syrup.  The pork looked and tasted like it was boiled.   I actually laughed when it was served,   Almost all of the dishes were cold and bland actually.   The only passable option was the lamb sausage.   Most of our dishes were left half eaten.   Gross.Came here for dinner with 3 hard to please people.
Not big beer lovers/drinkers, but the IPA I ordered was nice, and well priced.
The big bonus was the food.  The people I was with (remember, hard to please) were skeptical when they were looking at the menu.  We all took a little leap of faith and ordered.  All of us (ALL!) were really happy.  The appetizers, fried pickles and Chef Eric's wings, were fantastic.  One of our group said he the idea of fried pickles was repulsive.  Once they arrived (very quickly) and he saw how we were devouring them, he joined in.  He loved them, and totally ate the most.  The wings were spicy and tangy, really enjoyable, and a different flavor than anything I've tasted.  
The fish and chips entree was fantastic.  It was well cooked and seasoned perfectly.  Two of us had burgers.  Good quality meat and cooked to order.  One us us just got the mac and cheese appetizer as an entree.  Smooth and creamy and surprisingly topped with crushed up goldfish - really worked well.
The service was perfect!  I mentioned our group was hard to please - we all agreed that 25% wouldn't be a big enough tip.
I was really happy to see this place in the neighborhood.  It was a big improvement over the run down shell that stood in its place for so many years.  Loved it and will be back!
PS:  I really loved the mason jar light fixtures.I've been here for brunch and dinner. 
Pros:  Good beer selection.  Excellent decor - very open and airy.  Good place to sit by a window on a summer day. 
Food:  Pretty much everything else. Brunch was ok - hard to mess up a waffle.  But I went to dinner with another person and both our meals were subpar.  We split a fried calamari appetizer; it was a bit greasy, and small portions.  I had the fried chicken entree, which was a greasy mess.  There was oil pooling on the plate, and the breading was soaked with grease and so soggy it was falling off.  Plus I believe they bread chicken thighs instead of breasts or wings, which adds to the fattiness/greasiness.  My gf had the chicken sandwich, which had a very small chicken patty.  She described the sandwich as "mostly bun."  Overall, I didn't find the menu selection to be good, but I realize that might be a subjective thing. 
Service:  As soon as we sat down (coming in after walking on South Street for a while on a 90 degree day), the first thing our waitress said was that it was "against the law" to bring in outside food and drink and told me I couldn't have my iced coffee at the table, but offered to let me "finish it outside if [I] want."  While I am not an expert in the local regulations, I'm pretty sure my waitress could've allowed me to finish the remaining six ounces of my iced coffee and escape prosecution.  It was pretty weird and standoffish.  I later on ordered a coffee to deal with my caffeine deficit, which she charged me for.  While the food and drinks came pretty quickly (the place was empty), the waitress couldn't give us much guidance on the menu. 
Overall, very disappointing.  This place looked pretty cool, and I'd go there for drinks again because of the setup and beer list, but it's one of the few places I have definitively crossed off my list for food.  I realize there is a relative lack of comparable places (i.e. good beer selection, not "bar food") in the south street area, but Chickies, Bistrot Le Minette and Beau Monde, right within the immediate vicinity, are much better IMO.I basically have been coming here since we moved to Philly 3 years ago. My husband and I love this place so much because they have really good options for beer and they rotate, this means a lot for beer lovers! It's a pet friendly restaurant too. My dogs always want to stop and chill here after a long walk which I don't mind. Even though they took away my fav dish, the brussel sprouts but still can get other good food. I  their calamari! The best time to come here for me is during a nice weather cuz I can chill with my dogs here at the outdoor seating and enjoy they excellent beer option. The service is always good, they would give our pups a treat each when we come here.In hindsight, it probably wasn't the best idea to celebrate my Mom's 60th birthday by going here for their first Sat. morning brunch.  But the idea of avoiding long lines at Morning Glory and Sabrina's was too enticing.
We were seated promptly as we got there just as they opened.  Server was attentive if not a bit overwhelmed.  It became quite comical as we discovered those sitting around us (including us) had something wrong with what we ordered.  I could see a lot of people scratching their heads at omelets that was mostly egg and no substance, undercooked pancakes and sending dishes back since it wasn't what they ordered.  In general the servers were apologetic but there was little remedy to correct mistakes or even taking items off the bill.
In particular, the general manager was not at all willing to accept that the kitchen was ill prepared for the tasks at hand.
I would like to come back and give them another chance, but likely won't until they work out major kinks and management changes their dismissive attitude.Brought my friend in yesterday for brunch. We are brunch-loving divas. A good décor/atmosphere, delish cocktails and food, and anything above mediocre service is what we're looking for. First, this place has outdoor seating and nice big windows that they'll open, weather permitting, so we chose this spot because the weather was really nice. Since there weren't any seats available outside, we opted for a table inside near the windows which was perfect.
Service: ehhhh. It was very mediocre. Every time we asked for something we felt like we were annoying our server. My friend and I have both worked in restaurants so we're pretty good about how to behave as patrons but any time we asked him something it made me cringe a little. That was whatever, but what bothered me more was our food took FOREVER. In real life, it was more like a 45 minute wait. For eggs. And the place was hopping but not overwhelmingly packed so something was off in the kitchen. Maybe not enough staff? Anyway, our server did occasionally check on us and kept our drinks coming (even though his attitude was blasé). So all in all: mediocre.
The food was okay too; nothing glamorous. I had a personalized veggie omelet, my friend had the eggs benedict. The portions were nice but I just think that after that long wait, our expectations were inflated. Like, if it takes 45 minutes for our food then I hope you're giving it some serious TLC. On the other hand, I LOVED the mimosas. I don't like dinky little mimosas that are served in champagne glasses (aka the traditional way) but these were deliciously served in nice big wine glasses. THANK YOU, Barrel House :) 
Overall, its a nice option if you're in the neighborhood and the weather is great and you have a good chunk of time to spare. Prices are very reasonable too. But otherwise, if you're looking for show-stopping service and impressive food, there are better options nearby.Went here with my wife for lunch about 10 days ago because it was near where I had just had a meeting, and WOW. What an amazing meal. The food was outstanding. Service was outstanding. It is not a vegan restaurant per se, but there were plenty of options for me, and things could be easily modified. My wife is NOT vegan, and she absolutely loved her meal. Barrel House has a great atmosphere, and even the background music was great.  We're going back again soon.Not bad. Came in here on NYE after dinner across the way. It was quiet but I preferred that. It allowed the BF and I to actually have a conversation. The beer list is extensive and had anything I could possibly want - for instance Mad Elf which I felt was very appropriate to the season. They did not have Captain Morgan (Sailor Jerry is a substitute but not preferred). 
Bartenders were okay. A little slower toward the end of the night and a little inattentive but I've had worse.
I didn't eat here but I would like to give the board game brunch a try because a rousing game of "Sorry" and a $5 Bloody Mary is all I could want in my life.Friendly staff at the bar. Some pretty decent cocktails. 
Didn't have anything off the menu so cannot comment on food quality. I'd come back for drinks for sure.Stopped in here to grab some dinner and it was fine. I ordered the brussel sprouts which were actually pretty solid and the blackened chicken sandwich. Both were average in taste and quality but the drink selection seemed promising for some good beers or whiskies. I would suggest probably sticking with the drinks and apps for quench your cravings.Like Bill G, I will give this a "hopeful 4."  Despite the other reviews, we were very impressed with how the waitstaff handled the mob scene that was the second weekend of the restaurants opening.  There were some opening weekend glitches, namely, they were out of several of the beers on the menu.  Despite having to settle for third choice beers, we were very happy with the burgers.  I have to say, the decor just doesn't seem to fit the neighborhood or the menu - felt more like a chain restaurant than a local beer/burger place.First time at Barrel House and I went with a friend for happy hour. We were able to squeeze in 2 beers in 30 minutes (luckily lol), all four of which were great. I got the queso fundido for an app, not the best I've had but I would go back for it. I also had the Barrel House Burger for my meal. First of all, it was more like fries with a side of a burger, but I love fries so no complaint. The burger was a little salty, not worth sending back. But the sauce was very tasty. Again, not the best burger I've had but it was good overall.Went here to kick off Philly Beer Week and they had no specials that reflected this event. We stayed for quizzo but the quizzo guy (Phil) was so unenthusiastic that I may as well have been watching Masterpiece Theater. They were out of 3 of the 5 things we ordered too. The best part about our visit, our servers much appreciated honesty about what NOT to order and an answer during a round of quizzo.Great place to eat and have some cocktails. Nice variety of IPA'S. The food was delicious.Times must be tough here... I asked to sub shallots for bacon, well we can do that but there is an up charge... Really?!?! Bacon is more expensive then shallots... My friend orders a chicken sandwich, can I have more aioli? They respond, you have some on your sandwich.  Yes but I'd like more, well there is an up charge.  On the positive side the burger was done to temperature, but considering there is an up charge for everything save your money; I'd rather go to Royal.Don't go here for lunch on a weekday.  We should have been forewarned when there was only one table occupied.  The food was ok but the service was abysmal - took over 45 minutes to be served and too long to have our order taken.  The coffee was lukewarm, even after asking for a hotter cup.