Bambu is the best! Especially their #10 specialty drink. I come here 4 times a month and always love their products.I've always loved this place! Especially being hot in the summer and spring time its always good to get a nice smoothie and refreshing drink. What's great is that this place has many visual sights so that you can see what your ordering.... To smoothies, kiwi and honeydew! So much more. Definitely a place to drink for nice sweet drinks!What a pleasant surprise! I really enjoyed the drink I had. It was the number 14 dessert, consisting of red bean, green jelly, taro and coconut milk.
The staff was very friendly. A gal up front to take the order and another gal in back making the drinks. It seems like they worked well together in that the gal in back knew all the drinks and would always be listening to the customers so she can add her knowledge so the customer can be well informed. 
A lot of these ingredients will be foreign to anyone not familiar with Asian dessert drinks from Vietnam. To help you,  they have small jars on the counter that contain the various ingredients that are found on the menu. Items like red beans, various types of jelly, etc.
This was the perfect end to a Pho dinner at a restaurant in the same shopping center. I was looking for a frequent buyer card because I knew I'd be back, but sadly I didn't see one. It's worth going though despite not having the discount card. See you next time!I love the desserts (Che) here. Very refreshing. Reminds me of the ones I had in Vietnam. I like practically anything with pandan jelly in it. Price is do-able. Just like buying a drink from Starbucks or a bubble tea place (ie. tea do or tea talk)
Pro: Quick service, friendly staff
Con: ambience could be better. The sit-in area was a bit messy. Not sure if it was the ppl who were there at the time but definitely not the place I want to sit and chill like how I would at Starbucks.
Nonetheless, so happy that there's a bambu in Philly or else I'll have to drive to virginia for the next nearest one.TIP: CASH ONLY!
I was super excited to hear that there was a BAMBU in Philly! It's a Vietnamese dessert franchise that is most popular in Texas and California but now it's expanding throughout the East coast. 
BAMBU provides delicious variations of chè or Vietnamese desserts mixed with different fruits, juice/milk combinations, and ingredients. It's a refreshing treat that you must venture out to try! My favorite go-to is the #1 BAMBU Special consisting of pandan jelly, fresh coconut, logan, and basil seeds all mixed in sweet coconut juice. You also can add your preferences to anything on the menu if you like! They also offer classic bubble tea flavors, smoothies, and coffee. But I would totally recommend trying their chè first!
Service here is also friendly and quick. You can easily grab and go within 10 minutes! If you're eating in South Philly, come here after to get a dessert!I have been here a few times and always order the same drink ! I love the number 6 here which is the Che trai chay! This drink has lychee, Logan, red tapioca, jackfruit, palm seed, and other fruits.Great location with ample parking. Some times there is a line, but the wait is never too long and the staff is very friendly and efficient. 
The Jasmine Milk Tea is my favorite. It is a great mix and none of the flavors are overpowering.I only tried one item here so can't say much, but the che that I tried was number 3, the special che. It was good, much better than those sold at nearby vietnamese cafe, and their pandan jelly is to die for!! Overall good stuff, not comparable to my che in Vietnam, but good enough for a philly experience.I always love coming here. It's a nice alternative to getting a smoothie or soda. I usually get the special or the #5 and switch out the tapioca for pandan jelly. All of the drinks here are really light and healthy I love coming here when I am craving something fresh. 
The shop itself has a great atmosphere to it the have a very earthy counter and are equipped with two tvs which play kpop all of the time. I also love how they readily display the different components that could do into the che drinks. 
Overall, great stop on the way home!This is my favorite place!! Please come to NYC :^)
I always get the #3 (Che 3 Mau, with red / white / mung bean, taro, coconut milk, and crushed ice) without pandan jelly, and it is the most delicious dessert on earth.
10000/10000 would recommend!I like the regular milk tea with bubbles. So I tried their number 1(I think). It was good. Standard fare. Just wish it came in a larger size.$4.75, cash only, got me a standard taro smoothie with boba.  The boba was extra sweet and the taro was average. This place pales in comparison with other bambus. Minus one star cuz average, minus another because it doesn't live up to the name.Definitely​ my favorite Bambu store. If you want delicious​, consistent, Vietnamese desserts, this is the place. This place has great service and they're so nice to switch out certain toppings or add extra ice to the chè.  My go-to is the black milk tea or Che thap cam. So good! Jelly, beans, coconut​ milk, tea, tapioca​. What's not to love? Totally​ worth it for $4-5.I have had friends raving about Bambu and had wanted to try it. Took the chance when I was able to visit Philly again. It was not as great as I expected, but it was not terrible either. This store was located somewhere I'd probably called like a mini-Viet area since everything was Viet. There was actually a moderate line when I got there and there's a lot on the menu. Of course, gotta try the che. It was okay. Unique. I enjoyed the pandan jelly and the coconut milk combo, but.. It was just not something I would want to go out of the way to return to. It was a good experience, but not something I'd go for compared to my love for other things. Definitely worth trying though cuz the pandan jelly is quite good.So glad I stopped by Bambu to give them a try; they're no hype...they're super delicious and surprisingly healthy. I ordered the che ba mau (three colored bean dessert) and it was about $5. Shortly after I ordered, I received my drink right away, which was a plus. The drink was aesthetically attractive and my first sip and spoonful was everything a foodie had wanted. It was like a party in my mouth; the pandan jelly, mung bean, red bean, green tea pudding, taro tapioca, and coconut milk perfectly balanced each other out. I loved my drink and I would definitely come back for more desserts since Bambu offers a wide selection of various desserts that look very pleasing to the eye and probably tastes just as bad-ass as well.Bambu Desserts & Drinks was founded in 2008 in San Jose, California by four Vietnamese sisters--Anh, Kelly, Jenny & Julie. Bambu has a large menu of fresh, healthy and colorful Asian-inspired Chè, crisp boba milk teas, bold Vietnamese espressos & blended coffees, and real & exotic fruit smoothies. It is nice to have a slightly different option from the Taiwanese bubble tea chains to change things up.
Bambu is located in the other big shopping center on Washington Ave. I write "other" as I have only been to the one shopping center higher up on Washington that contains Pho 75, Sky Cafe and the Hung Vuong Super Market. Parking didn't seem to be quite as nuts and challenging here,  but it may have been that it was later on a Sunday night. The Bambu store is clean, bright and comfortable with a limited amount of seating. They have a fairly large menu but there are several pictures on the wall describing the different drink items. My wife, who is Filippina, liked the drink options with shaved ice such as #2 Bambu Combo. This did taste similar to halo halo and it was very good. Our daughter and myself shared the Green Tea blend which was smoothie like and had a pleasant Green Tea taste. It was difficult making a decision as there were so many options.
We will definitely return to Bambu to try out some other drink options. I just hope I am as lucky with the parking. I also want to try Pho Ha which is located in the same shopping center.
4 yelp stars with potential for more.This is one of the best drink joints (Tea-Do in Chinatown is a close second), especially for specialty smoothies and all types of tea. It's really hard to make a decision when I go here, but the ingredients in their options are legit.If you want a great drink then you better go to BAMBU
If you don't know what to order then I don't give a DAMBU
Servers treat you so well you'd think they're in your FAMBU
Even if you took up 2 spots with your Dodge RAMBU
If tomorrow is a test then you know you better CRAMBU
Afterwards go read this at a poetry SLAMBU
I learned how to freestyle when I was in 'NAMBU
And coincidentally Nam is the origin of BAMBU!
What to get: #10, #4, #1, any of the fruit smoothies, omg so many options, but not Milk Tea.
Why: Because I said not Milk Tea and when I say not Milk Tea you dont get Milk Tea.
Indeed, Bambu is Vietnamese, and is an international chain with tons of locations in places like Texas and California, but not many in the North East at all, for example NYC has none as far as I know.
I didn't know Bambu was a chain the first time I came here, and I fell in love with their amazingly original, off-the-wall, bizarre and massive selection of drinks. Some of them (such as #1, #10) taste like coconut milk with a bunch of crazy jellies and shaved ice and other goodies inside, and they are the starting point, because you'll never taste anything quite like it. Very refreshing and amazing.
After that, I highly recommend these incredible fruit smoothies. Strawberry is always a go-to, with tapioca in it perhaps, but they have a large selection, including specials, and it's so worth it.
This BAMBU, the first I ever went to, is hidden inside a strip mall full of Asian goodies on the South Side of Philly, and parking is really difficult, but worth it. Tiny spots and they're usually full, much like my ex.
But once you try the drinks (served by some of the friendlier folks in the city of sisterly love), you will want to rap about them to everyone.
Which is what I shall do again, now.
Sylvester Stallone came here in RAMBO
Popular in Laos, Thailand and also CAMBO
Thrills all the Yelp CMs (including JANDO)
As seen in Star Wars (being sipped by LANDO)
George Michael loved it when he was in WHAMBO
Not sure how he put up with the taste of CLAM DOE
Newborn babies like to drink this in the PRAMBO
And give it to an East African, they'll say JAMBO!
Anderson loves it, of course I mean PAMBU
Your drink wants you! So says Uncle SAMBU
Make preserves out of it, turn it into JAMBU
Or make BBQ out of it, we'll call it HAMBU
If you're dolled up with make-up, you're gonna love GLAMBU
Follow me here as if you're a little LAMBU
You'll get your ass kicked if you don't share it with Jean Claude Van DAMMEBU
So in conclusion, Philly, let's all go right now to BAMBU!I know this review is very long overdue.  How long?  Well, I first visited this place on opening day!  Anyway, I was reviewing the other Bambu's in Southern CA, so thought I throw my two cents in for this location.  Of course, I got the Bambu special.  It's my usual order.  What was the stand out though was the customer service.  I'm just a tad particular about sugar, but these guys were super receptive to my request/demand/whining about the sugar and was nice to customize.  That goes a very long way!Wide selection of bubble teas and friendly staff! It's literally on the other side of my block and I'd go there every day if calories weren't a thing!Growing up, I craved for chè when other kids wanted cookies or brownies. For those who never had it before, chè is a sweet porridge or cocktail dessert made with a variety of fruits, milk, and ingredients. Unfortunately, living in the east coast there isn't really a place that specialize in making these delicious sweets besides the comfort of my home. So when the Bambu franchise opened one in South Philly last week, I was most likely the happiest guy in the city. 
There is a nearly endless variety of named dishes with the prefix chè. This is quite evident in Bambu's extended list of combinations. Like a child in a candy store, I wanted to try everything! It was heaven for me. I recommend #6 and #10 ($4.50): 
#6 is Chè trái cây- lychee, longan, red tapioca, jackfruit, palm seed, pandan jelly, jello, young coconut. The consistency was so perfect! Pure happiness in my mouth.
#10 is Hat lu sng sáo bánh- tapioca, grass jelly, pandan jelly. Perfect blend of sweetness and glutinous goodies. 
For opening weekend, they were fairy organized. Customer service was friendly. The overall process was quick and easy. Everything tasted wonderfully sweet yet refreshing. My foodie routine from now on in South Philly will be pho or bun bo hue followed by Bambu Desserts & Drinks!I didn't know of these Vietnamese desserts until my Vietnamese friend recommended that we come here. I was surprised how many toppings can go into one drink and still manage to taste good. I ordered the number 6 because it sounded good and it had a variety of different toppings to offer. There were a lot of toppings but the ones that I could recognize were the red tapioca, coconut pieces and several types of jelly. All served over freshly shaved ice and syrup. You also have the option of having the ice on the side and not in the cup if you'd like. 
Would I come back? Maybe the next time I'm jn Philly. My friend ordered a blended guacamole drink and it tasted interesting. I wish they have more of these places in New York City though.Yes, love this place . Fresh good fruity tea drinks and iced coffee with chocolate and hazelnut. The atmosphere also is amazing.The drinks here are amazing! I can never get tired of this place because there is so many items to choose from. I use to always get coffee at dunkin donut before work until I found this place. Be prepared to be an addict once you try it. The people here are very friendly and their service is super fast. I will definitely come here again!Love this place! So many yummy choices! And great prices! They are very accommodating when asking to replace condensed milk with coconut milk to make the drink non dairy. I never knew how much I could love beans in my smoothie but now I'm hooked!I love bubble tea, but I've never had such amazing quality until I went BAMBU. Clean and organized, this place has tons of bubble tea selections from hot, cold, and smoothies in addition to visual samples of their toppings on a counter. Feel free to pick and choose as you like, the friendly staff will be more than happy to customize orders. I get the red bean and coconut smoothie with pearls and it is by far the best of the drink I have ever had. Pricey, but great quality. And before you go to BAMBU, make sure to grab some cash since this venue is cash only!As said before, the drinks/desserts here remind me of an asian version of a Starbucks. Unfortunately, that also means that these are pricey drinks. About $6 per person. My favorite thing about Bambu is that it makes it easy for non-viet people to come in and get a taste of traditional Vietnamese desserts! #3 -Che Ba Mao is my go to. If I'm feeling like I need a boost of energy, the hazelnut mocha coffee is perfect!Ah! I love these! I wish we have this in NC. It's a Vietnamese dessert kind of drink too. It has like jelly, coconut, red bean, etc. There were so many choice to pick from so it's tough. We got the bambu special (coconut, pandan jelly, longan, basil seed, coconuts juice) and bambu favorite (red tapioca, green jelly, pandan jelly, coconut milk). The dessert itself was not too sweet and it had different types of texture and flavor due to the stuff inside the dessert. The decoration of this place was cute with green coloring. On the wall, it had pictures of some of the desserts with the ingredients so it was extremely helpful because you get to see the image and knowing what's inside. I totally recommend this place!Ever since I was introduced to this place last year (hahah yah it took me awhile) I come here every time we are in Philly. What they sell here is not typical milk tea drinks ... its more of a drink you eat with a spoon. 
I love the #1 BAMBU special (combo) and #7 Nhan Nhuc (logan fruit & basil seeds) simple yet refreshing!
Order anything on the menu and you wouldn't be disappointed. Just pick ingredients you like... they can also customize it.The wait is a bit long for a drink but I am obsessed with bambu! My favorite? I think it has definitely got to me the one with red bean, coconut milk, grass and pandan jelly. Omg! It's so good!! It's just so refreshing and such a great drink to start or end your day with.It's an awesome place for desserts, coffee, drinks and stuff. Just shutdown and enjoy yourself. Always see myself coming back when I'm around in Philadelphia. The menu has a huge variety I'm sure you can find something to enjoy and you'll keep coming back. 
*takes Cash only*The service was very good and the dessert drinks that we ordered were so delicious! We ordered no 2 which had many kinds of beans, taro, and jelly.Cute , well decorated little shop. Has tables and chairs for people to enjoy their drinks. I didn't have to wait long for my drink including my bfs , so that was a plus. 
I ordered the dessert section #6. To describe it: It's shaved frozen ice with milk topped with lychee , longan, red tapioca , jackfruit, all kinds of jelly and coconut meat. Overall taste was delicious. I like that my drink wasn't overly sweet and the price $4.40 was just right for me. My bf ordered a mango smoothie and it was really good as well. Real fruit blended and none of that powdered mixture that other shops uses. 
So overall experience I was satisfied with the drinks here.Love the nuoc mia more than anything cause I only get them at Vietnam so I'm happy to have it nowI'm glad Bambu was able to franchise out to the East Coast from the West. I used to bug my mom all the time to make me Che' which is a Vietnamese Style Dessert of all types of confections. Now I can simply make a quick stop here for my crave fixings. There is a wide range of drink combinations to choose from or you can make up your own with any toppings that you like and they will happily accommodate with no extra charge. The only downside is, CASH ONLY.Bambu pretty much has all the types of drinks you need to survive a scorching hot summer day (like today, 3rd weekend in April but it feels like July already). My preference is always the cold teas sans the milk (green apple and mint ftw!). And before I came to Bambu, I didn't even know that there are more than a dozen flavors of tapioca bubbles!not bad for a bubble tea & vietnamese dessert spot. Their boba is soft & sweet, better than tea do in my opnion.. also, I love the fact that I can mix different variety of jelly into my drink. Definitely coming back!Bambu is one of the few Che specialty shops in Philly, and I am so glad one has finally opened  near me! My favorite drink to get is their dessert drink #2, Che Thap Cam (Combination). For somewhere between $4-$5, you get a wonderfully sweet and refreshing blend of red bean, white bean, mung bean, taro, pandan jelly, pearl, and cocunut milk. I must warn, however, that towards the end of the drink, it can become a tad too sweet due to the solid mixing of the beans and jelly sitting at the bottom. 
As a disclaimer, it is a cash only establishment - so be prepared for that. It's also quite small, but I've never had any trouble getting a seat while waiting for my drink. The staff are also very friendly and don't mind explaining the drinks to you or answering any questions you may have about the ingredients.I had to give this place 4/5 stars.  The taste was excellent and the desserts were well made, but TWO distinct negatives take away from the customer's experience.  This is a CASH only establishment, and the dessert drinks are made in such a way as to be impossible to consume with the thick straws necessitating one to take off the lid to eat the dessert.  This could be easily remedied by a "Blizzard" style lid so the customer would not have to take off the lid.  I ordered the number 1 in the dessert section: the Bambu Special. It has coconut, pandan jelly, longan (the fruit), basil seed, and coconut juice.  A very tasty dessert and worth the $4.65.  Obviously, as I slurped down the liquid top layers, the bottom layers needed to be consumed with the lid off but that is a minor detail.  The establishment was clean and well kept and certainly had a contemporary, modern feel.  There were chairs and tables with seating for about 10-15 people. Overall it was a great experience.
Summary: 
Pros:
-Tasty desserts
-Fair pricing
-Asian fusion inspired drinks
-clean, well kept
-friendly staff.
Cons
-cash only
-non ergonomic dessert drink lidsMy daughter and I have been coming here a lot lately.  If she had her way...it would be literally every day.  I get the #10 and she gets the Lychee smoothie with the Lychee jelly or the Coconut smoothie.  I haven't tried anything else...though probably I should.  I am sure it's all delicious.  I just figure that since my #10 is so delicious every single time...why get anything else?  The main reason I am writing this review is because the customer service here is phenomenal.  They are always nice and today unfortunately they made a mistake with my order.  I was going to take it with the grass jelly but the cashier insisted that since it was their mistake they would get me a new one.  I believe if it was someone else they would just allow the customer to take the messed up drink.  Saves them from making another one.  Just for that I will be coming back with my daughter in tow.What a gem dessert place I just found around ny neighborhood. As an Asian, I love all kinds of milky drinks with red beans, grass jelly and tapioca-like stuff. As much as I love bubble tea, I enjoy vietnamese drinks a lot. Right amount of sugar, shaved ice and all different mixed jelly things it... Cannot say enough how tasty it is. They have so many options for u to choose from. Today we had #2 and #10...both are amazing!! I am 100% going back to this place to try more next timw.I really enjoyed the drinks I brought from here and the workers were really nice and helpful. There was a customer that has a hard time deciding between two drinks and the worker gladly explained to him what the difference was and helped him decide. 
You are allowed to eat at the store, there are tables and chairs for you to sit at. I usually go to Ba Le Bakery to get a Viet hoagie, then come here to buy a drink and enjoy my meal.This place has an awkward entry way. Tons of drink selection. Staff is friendly. Jack fruit smoothie is my favorite. I always have to try a random dessert drink. So far I have enjoyed everything I have selected.
Parking is tight.I fancy these drinks. I ordered the hazelnut mocha and wow. Good flavor with a good price. Maybe it's the sugar or the caffeine but I got a good buzz from it. They have a large assortment of drinks, so give it a try.
Overall, gonna try and visit again and try their Viet Coffee and Mango smoothies.Small spot in a shopping center with a bunch of Vietnamese restaurants and other vendors, with a big supermarket across the street. Everything there sounds pretty great, so I think I'll be back for sure, but for this visit, my wife and I just ordered some drinks to go. Mine was a Vietnamese coffee to drink the next morning, and it's pretty tasty - very concentrated, but with some nice sweetness too. I find myself sipping it as opposed to sucking down coffee as I typically do, and rather enjoying it.
This place only accepts cash unless your order is over $15, so be aware of that. Everything on the menu looks great, though, and when we visited, they were also selling pandan waffles. Those sounded pretty great, but some other folks in the shop happened to be enjoying an order of that, so we got to smell it too - and wow. We'll definitely be back for some of the ice desserts as well as those waffles (hopefully they're still offering them next time!).
On the downside, the drinks are fairly pricey for their size, but in the case of this Vietnamese coffee, it's concentrated, so that makes it a little better. In any case, we'll be back for some desserts!Finally a decent place in Philly!!! This is my 3 spot here j. philly and I am finally happy! We have Bambu in Dallas, but this place was truly a 2 thumbs spot compare to the Dallas location. The drink ingredients was fresh and the service was fast. I recommend number 1 and number 10..you will not be disappointed!I came here and ordered two vietnamese ice coffee with bubbles. Now there's only so little you can do to mess up an jce coffee, and I'm not sure what went wrong but the coffee was not drinkabe, we had to toss both of them away. It was really strong and condensed.I am a fan but I wouldn't eat it everyday. These are good dessert drinks and they're made ready to eat similar to bubble drinks down Chinatown but it's a Vietnamese style. I love the coconut milk b/c it tastes fresh unlike the desserts you get at restaurant. You can smell the coconut oil when you drink it, that's old coconut milk. I got che ba mau and the che fruits, both were pretty good. Will definitely try more in the future.An awesome alternative for bubble tea. Che is a signature Vietnamese dessert and there's very little not to love about Bambu's drink and dessert options.
If I'm going to drop $3-4 for a specialty beverage, it's definitely worth splurging on one of their dessert drinks. My favorite combo is the large red bean with coconut milk and pandan jelly (#13). I love the natural sweetness of the red bean with the coconut milk! I normally get grass jelly with this drink, but I was recommended to get pandan jelly this time. Loved the substitution - the chewiness of the pandan jelly was a nice complement to the smooth and silky taste of the milk and red bean. 
A convenient stop for a cold beverage during this hot and humid summer and there's more to savor than a typical bubble tea. There are so many options available, so I'll be sure to visit again and venture through the menu.They should list that they are CASH ONLY!! Took an uber all the way to them and wasted my ride because they didn't only took cash and no ATM around.Love this place! The BAMBU special is my favorite! This is a great alternative for boba tea on the healthier side! I love coconut and lychee so the coconut water, with the coconut meat and lychee in the special is awesome! The location is nestled in the corner of a dirty shopping center but the interior of the place is very  contemporary and refreshing. I really like how they put the toppings out on the counter for people to see before they order. My suggestion would be to get the ice in it! So yummy and crunchy. This us a perfect pick me up, or snack to hold you over. I can imagine drinking this place on a hot summer day while I shop. I really wish they would open a location closer to Chinatown. If they did it would be major competition for Teado!Not bad, yet far from impressive.  Bambu is a small shop with friendly service.  However, before you can get in you must deal with a mess of a parking lot.
That aside, they have an extensive menu.  It's cash only so bring some green.  I went with a #6 and enjoyed it, but the friends I've brought here haven't been as big a fan on the flavors as I am.  
Overall, there are better tea places in the city, but not another one I'd recommend in this section of the city.  Give it a shot and let me know what you think!$15 minimum on credit card, primarily cash only. You order in a separate line and drinks come out blazing fast. Needs more seating, the place was packed and super loud on a Sunday at 1:00pm. Great assortment of dessert drinks, as well as boba. Maybe try out their Bambu special if you're not sure what to get. Fun assortment of coconut, pandan jelly, longan, and chia seeds. Very sweet and yummy. Most stuff is under $5.This is a nice small place for drinks after some pho.  They have a lot of selections for both cold and hot beverages, boba (bubble) milk teas, special vietnamese drinks, and different coffee options.  The people there are nice and there are seats, tables and tv's for your viewing pleasure.  My one complaint is this place has NO BATHROOM!  I didn't think it food/beverage establishments were able to get away with not having a bathroom.  I would probably give this place 4 stars if it had a bathroom.....There's another chain at eden center (located in Virginia) so that's how I knew about it. This one is located on 6th and Washington in South Philly. They have a wide selection of viet dessert drinks. I don't really like too many toppings in my drinks so I got the strawberry tea (pretty sweet but I liked it). I usually only get the strawberry tea, tastes so good especially on a hot day. My friend really likes the avocado drink. It's in a shopping center so parking is easier to find.
CASH ONLY!Nice and clean little shop for smoothies, fruity drinks, and Vietnamese-style dessert drinks! The selection is quite extensive, so this review is only based on a taste of 4 drinks. I can't tell whether they use natural or artificial flavoring for the fruit smoothies, so I might have to taste test some more to comment. However, they do offer some unusual flavors, such as soursop and sopota (I still have no clue what fruit that second one is), which is great for adventurous palates. I'll admit I'm not adventurous enough to try jackfruit or durian, but they have those flavors as well. The blended drink that has avocado and jelly bits in it was just okay, but the traditional sweet bean and jelly drink (chè ba màu) was pretty good! Overall, lots of fun flavors to try and pleasant service. $15 minimum to pay with card.The Che here is delicious! I love number 16 with red bean and pandan jelly and on top of that I would add tapioca into the drink! This drink is not too sweet to me but the only thing I would prefer is a little more coconut milk. I feel like the red bean absorbs all the coconut milk so fast that it just becomes topping. I tried their blend drinks before the mocha one and it was quite sweet but acceptable still. 
DO NOT forget this place is CASH ONLY so bring some cash before not being able to get the drink u want!No good! Dessert is not good! I will not come back again #wasteofmoney 
There are not so many places to get dessert and  i thought this place would be good but what a disappointing experience !The variety of drinks they have is amazing. I always get a number 10, although the drinks are expensive and can run from $$3-4.50, I still buy it because it's delicious. The atmosphere is great too, they have music playing in the background and I sometimes go there to studyWas kind of weirded out by the tax? Didn't know these things were taxed. 
Desserts were good. Mine was on the blander side while a friends was extremely sweet. I bought the Che trai cay and it was okay. More jelly than fruits but I guess that's a given. 4.40 and then 4.75 with tax. Drinks took a good couple of minutes to make -- shows how it's handmade and not just premade -- and tastes good. 
Place was empty for a second and then overflowed with customers. I have to admit I was feeling slightly uncomfortable due to the crowds but it was okay
Customer service is good. I chose to say the number instead of the Vietnamese name and the woman at the desk took either one. 
Will definitely come again but not frequently-- wallet is sad.I suppose i'd give this place another try.  I didn't quite like my choice of che.  I picked the number 2: Chè thp cm (combination) - Red bean, white bean, green/mung bean, taro, pandan jelly, pearl, combo jelly.  I thought i would like this but there was just too much red and white bean and they were huge ( i should've known better).  I did like that it was not too sweet.  These type of desserts are similar to halo-halo (filipino shaved ice with toppings) but not at all as sugary.  I also tried the guy's number 4: Chè sng sáo ht lu - Grass jelly, red tapioca, pandan jelly, jello, mung bean.  Much better than mine since no red/white beans.  It would be better if they used a lid that had a bigger hole, like what dunkin donuts used for their iced drinks.  There just isn't enough room for the spoon and straw!  We came on a sunday afternoon and the place was busy but we didn't have a long wait after ordering.I got a tai bubble tea around noon on a Saturday. There was no line, and service was fast. The tea was good, and they didn't over-do the ice like a lot of places, but I found the bubbles to be a little mushy. 
Between Ba Le bakery in the same plaza I would give Bambu a second try for bubble tea because the tea tasted less sugary, and it was more tea than ice. Bambu does not sell food, but they do have just about any dessert in a glass that you might be craving. The environment inside is clean and pleasant, but not somewhere that I would want to sit for long because it is more of a grab and go stop.I looooooooove Bambu. I used to go to Tea-Do all the time, but damn! This place has been busy since their opening and it's delicious. I found my new favorite tea spot! Them prices doe.My firt time at Bambu was many years ago in CA.  This is just the same!  The avacado shake and coconut basil are my two favorite drinks!  I always ask for less sugar or no sugar. My sister always stop by here when she is in town for the rainbow jelly coconut dessert.  Love this place!Love it here!! Easily becoming my next obsession!! My favorites are the desserts(che) which are like coconut parfaits!First time here, thought I would give it a try. They got my order wrong and refused to make me another drink. Poor customer service. Please do yourself a favor and get drinks elsewhere.I bought 2 items: 3 bean dessert and taro smoothie with boba. Unfortunately one was a hit, the other was horrible. Service was quick, in and out.
It is snugged away in a corner of philly in the viet area. Plenty of parking in the lot. Plenty of restaurants in the area too.
This is a chain and surprisingly similar standards and quality across the board. 
Just to reiterate, the 3 bean dessert was delicious and all the components fresh and well proportioned. Unfortunately the taro smoothie was powder and not fresh, it was sweet beyond belief and did not even taste like taro. Will not be ordering that in the future but I will be back. 
Happy eating.This place is alright, nothing really special. Maybe if you like Vietnamese dessert which I heard was good here. My boyfriend was ordering a drink and him and the cashier was basically debating if it was called pearl or tapioca. But besides that, their drinks are creamy, if you're interested in the creamy smoothie type, this is the place for you.Amazing desserts and drinks. Customer service was also on point. My only complaint was that it was cash only. Boo yah.A really great gem for bubble tea and Vietnamese desserts in South Philly. I got the mango bubble tea and it was made with mango flavored tea with milk, not powder. The tea was very refreshing and the bubbles were of good texture.
I also ordered a passion in love smoothie which was made with passion fruit, strawberries, etc. The smoothie tasted like it was made from real fruit and was very delicious. I have also ordered a dessert from here once but since I wasn't very accustomed to eating Vietnamese dessert I wasn't used to the taste but the presentation of the dessert was great and my Viet friend really enjoyed it.My family and I have never had this kind of drink before and it was really good! We loved the pandan and wish this was offered in NYC! Yum!The service here is impeccable. I wanted to buy an extra drink to save for tomorrow, and the staff here helped.me to separate the ice and the coconut milk so that the dessert would keep better.
They are also super accommodating to substitutions and additions. I always get the #1 with red tapioca added, and the #10 with no grass jelly..or #1 with coconut milk! SO yummy!!!Mmm delightful milk tea, great Thai tea, a little on the sweet side but the super friendly staff will probably make it less sweet for you if you ask.  Great service pleasant waiting space.  I am so excited I just saw this place today and it said grand opening so I had to try it and I'm super impressed!  Can't wait to try more flavors!  They have lychee milk tea OMG.  I haven't tried it yet but I will.  Cash only.
Overall great drinks, service, prices cheaper than surrounding shops ($3.50 for milk teas) and nearby my house, so five stars!Love love the desserts or Che they have here. Light, refreshing, and not all too sweet. Would rather have this over bubble tea or other Asian desserts. Why can't it come to NYC?!?I love this place. I always ordered the no 5, avocado smash. So tasteful and delicate, never get bored of it. Such a good place to hang out with friends or just take a break from work.I love the Bambu special! It's really good if you enjoy coconut water and basil seeds like I do. The pandan jelly was another bonus. Very enjoyable dessert and great for the summer season. It's $5, and an additonal $1 if you want to upgrade the size. The thai bubble tea was also really good. Their bubbles are sweet and have a good soft chewiness to them. Service was quick and friendly, too.Great after meal place!!! Smoothies, milk teas, shaved ice, coffee, tea and the whole nine yards.The bona here is not at yummy as Tea Do. I ordered the milk tea boba and it just tasted like overly sweet milk (no tea flavor at all) and the tapioca was mushy.  I do not recommend this place at all for a good boba tea.I'm addicted! Ahhhh, I want more, now!!!!!! I've had che from here about 4x in a week and a half time frame. It's that good. The beans in the desserts are cooked perfectly. Not too soft where it's beyond mush and not too hard either. It also has the right amount of sweetness to it. I'm not a huge sugar person, but Che is my downfall. Mmmm yum yum yum. All the ingredients they put in are sooo good. My favorite and only thing I have ordered is #2. It has almost all the ingredients (beans, jello, coconut milk, etc). The only thing I think they are missing in this is fruit, but that's ok! They have a che with all different types of fruit, which is also delicious (I tried my sisters!)
I've also tried the taro smoothie too (from my Niece). That was also really good. Doesn't taste like they use powder. SCORE! They also do juices and milk teas as well. My step sister ordered the Nuoc Rau Ma with coconut. I didn't try it, but she said it was really good.
I can't wait to go back, and I just had it yesterday! HahaOh #6, they are right. You are delicious.
I had Number 3 and I wasn't too crazy about it (didn't like all the different kinds of beans).
I just wish it wasn't nearly $5 a cup... take all my money, why don't ya...Desert chain that is popping up all over the city. I know of two locations; one at Ben City and the other in South Philly. Pretty good and prices are around $4-6. Not bad. They're quite efficient !Really good drinks and plenty of variety here.  But one complaint I have is that the drinks can be a bit pricey, and also that they don't take credit card for stuff under 10 dollars which is a bit of an inconvenience for me.  Other than that I like this place and come here oftenForemost, I think the business model is quite unique however the inside is rather underwhelming. I really think the one in South Philly (which is significantly smaller) is far more welcoming. The interior layout of this place is kinda the reason I don't want to come back. With a party of three, we sat way too far apart. I think it needs a slight adjustment in terms of the layout. There are a lot of groups above, two but most tables seem to only seat two. I am faithful with the #6. I like it, once again I think it was better on Washington Ave. though. My guest got the Black Milk Tea with bubbles, unfortunately, I'd never order it again. it was sweet, and I may attribute that to whatever they did with the bubbles but it tasted rather carmel like and underwhelming. Small potential I return to this location because it's sandwiched in a really annoying traffic area near the Blvd. and Adams ave. I do however see the business being rather successful because of the unique menu of desserts. Execution is key, hope they are aware of that.Went to this place the first time when I was in California. I was thrilled to find out they have one in PA considering the drive from NJ isn't long & we had plans to head there for a few days. Everything in there is delicious....u just have to pick the one that has everything u like in it. It reminds me of a similar dessert called halo-halo in the Philippines. Def look fwd to visiting again when i'm around the area.it's gooddd. it's like the asian starbucks. but a lil expensive, but it's worth it.I found myself addicted to it, it's hard to imagine coconut can be a good match to many things. recommend BAMBU SPECIAL $4.5I always come here on my day off and the girl in the front never fails to be such a sweetheart. She always has a smile every time I come in, and always helpful. Today I got the hazelnut Iced coffee with grass jelly. The girl recommended the hazelnut ice coffee instead of the Vietnamese because I wasn't trying to go for something too bitter/strong. I'm glad she recommended that because it's so good, I'm drinking it as I write this review.
I'm waiting on them to give out to go menus to that I can think about what to get before I come in.. My favorite is the number #10! It's not too sweet, yet its so flavorful and so refreshing! The only time I didn't like my drink was when I made up my own drink and it ended up being yucky, I should've listened to the girl at the register because she said that's a weird combination! Haha and trust me, it was! I thought it was the drink I got from Chinatown but I figured I ordered it wrong. I also didn't like their #5 avocado dessert with brick jelly. It wasn't because of the quality or anything, I just didn't like them two together. My dad however, loved the #5, so I guess it's your own personal preferences.
I really don't think it's their fault when people don't enjoy their drinks, after all it is a franchise; I don't think they make up their own combinations. It is what it is on the menu and if you don't want a certain item on it, just tell them and they'll take it out. I did! I think the only things I think they are accountable for are the customer service, and the quality of freshness and also cleanness.. ( Which I never had a problem with.. ) I recommend this place for anyone who wants to stop in and grab a refreshing drink or a delicious dessert! :) 
(They have macarons in the front.. My favorite is the Rice Krispie)I love the drinks and desserts here. My boyfriend and I have frequented twice a week since it opened. However, it lost 2 reviews because of poor customer service, particularly from one. She's really loud and has a bad attitude. I won't mention her name but when you get there and see her, you'll know!!Came here two weeks ago and got the #2 and a strawberry macaroon. The drink was good with all the ingredients and not overly sweet. My daughter enjoyed the macaroon. Came back today and ordered the bambu special #1 (which was $.35 more than all the other drinks). I did not like anything about the drink, it was weird tasting and at some point, bitter. Not only did I not enjoy my drink, the girl cashier was rude and had an attitude. I will never return to this place.I love this place! I come here once a week just to get a  #10 with small red beans! Its one of my absolute favs here. The atmosphere is nice and the customer service is great. If its your first time coming here the staff is very friendly and will recommend things!Love the #6 Tre Trai Cay- (Lychee, longan, red tapioca, jackfruit, palm seed, pandan jelly, jello, young coconut.) You can also ask them to adjust the level of sweetness for you since I do like mine less sweet. Great customer service. Shall be returning on my grocery shopping Sundays. :)I agree with what most everyone has said. Their drinks are up to standard but a bit on the pricey side, especially since it's NE Philly. You don't have to go far to get a Vietnamese drink or dessert in the area that Bambu's in, and you can get it for much less.
However, I take it as paying for the brand and the standard. If they're a nationwide chain, I expect their stuff to be fairly consistent. And you get the choice of blended ice drinks, flavored teas with your choice of jellies, as well as Viet desserts, all customizable.
//SERVICE & TASTE\\
My experience was good. Service was friendly and cashier made sure to repeat everything back to me. The teas were not too sweet, good amount of jellies. The drinks are filled all the way up. My first time having a Viet dessert, I ordered the #3, which pretty much has everything. It was okay up until I got to about half, then the accumulated sweetness started to get to me. So definitely do not skip the scoop of shaved ice. Every ingredient was good, except the taro which wasn't mixed thoroughly with the flour it was made with, so it was hard, clumpy, and floury in the middle.
//SPACE\\
The place itself barely has any tables for the size of the space. So it feels pretty empty, but at least it feels pretty clean (not something you can say about most Asian places....). The decor is modern and no ambient music that I can remember.
//WHAT IS CHE?\\
For those who haven't tried the Che/Vietnamese desserts before, it's a combination of jellies and bobas, sweet beans (e.g. red, mung, white), and sometimes fruit pieces/seeds with coconut milk poured over it and a scoop of shaved ice. You can choose what you want, so if you're not into the sandy texture of beans or haven't tried it before, then you might want to start with only the jellies and boba the first time.Tasty new location in a plaza full of vietnamese bakery and eateries. I'm a fan of the Bambu chain with a butt ton of available selections. The only downside is that it takes a long time to assemble, especially if there are a lot of people.
Although, I'm not a fan of their assembly method with a huge scoop of crushed ice on top. This leads to the drink being luke warm until you manage to break through the ice, but the shape of the cup makes it a bit of a precarious situation trying to break through it to mix it in with the drink.
All in all, it does hit the spot and I'm a huge fan of anything with basil in it.Their bubble tea, yuck. 2 stars for creativity but Nah.
Those macarons...YUM especially the Rice Krispy Treat one.I heard many good things about Bambu so I went to try it. The cashier were nice and welcoming. I had to try their pho Roti because it's what they are known for. The first bite was amazing; it was like eating a bowl of pho!! Their #3 is especially good. Overall it was a good experience.My favorite place everrrrrrrrr! Staff is sooo sweet.  Drinks and dessert even sweeter! Seriously this place is like crack. Damn i want one now...OMG!!!It's like asian starbucks lol. but the one thing that is missing is bubble tea. they say that they have bubble tea but it's actually just pearls. they don't have the actual bubbles. so sadd.I am really a huge fan of their smoothies! I would give it 5 stars but the girl taking my order never really pays attention to what I say (multiple times). For example, I'd say "Hi, can I have a regular honey dew smoothie with pearls?" And she'd reply, "what size?" followed by, "what kind of jelly?".  Like seriously? Then I would have to repeat myself. I say it pretty slowly as well. She ALWAYS makes me repeat myself.
But overall, just great drinks, and staff needs more training or needs to gain more customer service experience.I loveee this place!!! I tried the number 6 from desserts and it was delicious! It has different variety of fruits in it. The milk teas are also very delicious. I would recommend their black milk tea with pearls or dark brick jelly! They accept cash and credit ($10 min.) Which is a plus because I don't always carry cash on me. I would definitely recommend anyone who is up for a refreshing drink to try it!!!
Btw I don't know why everyone is complaining about them having tax on their drinks. Everywhere has taxes unless you're from Delaware.Yes to the bubble tea and yes to the Che.
Came two times and liked it way better the second because I was careful with my order. (Don't get whichever drink has the most stuff, it'll just end up overwhelming you!) The flavors and textures are all really different, so keep it simple if you're going for the first time. I really liked the #3!Great spot in the middle of town NE with real flair
If you're with bae and need a quick place to hydrate and treat your sweet toothunlike the one in South Philly, the atmosphere is so much better here.I wish they would take credit card for just one drink since most of the time I don't carry cash and cannot drink two drinks. Overall, I love their drinks! I usually order a green tea blend with red tapioca with pearls (I cannot get enough of the red tapioca!) highly recommend this place!The new drink Chamango is to die for. I live for that stuff! Just wish there was spice to it like how the Cambodian would have sour mango with the pepper dip. But nonetheless, I love the candy stick!!! The best thing there is if you love tamarind and chile.Iced mocha coffee is my favorite addiction. They use hazelnut milk. Can't stop won't stop. Also the avocado dessert is delicious and I think more natural since it's with avocados? Whatever-- it's great! 
Xoxo,
Fat girlFirst time at Bambu! The staff is amazing and drinks are delicious! So many things to try on the menu!Love Vietnamese dessert drinks. We came all the way from nyc for this. We got #1, 6, and 10. All yummy but the best is #6.In less than a month, I've easily spent over $100 on dessert drinks from here. The prices are high for drinks, but I see this more as a dessert indulgence. The pandan jelly is too good not to share with my friends and family. Too good that it motivated us to dig out the blizzard of 2016 and drive 20 mins for the fresh taste of coconut milk, taro, mung bean, & pandan jelly (#18 Khoai mon dau xanh ban lot). Worth the trip every time.It's a must for me!!! I went there today and everything is adorable!! Perfect for me 100% it maybe a little pricey but it's worth it! Thai tea is amazing and the macarons LOVE IT !! Keep it upUse to come here all the time. The price is jacked up and the quality has gone down. Definitely not worth the price!Let me start off by saying I have never had a bad drink from this place, however I don't think what I'm getting is worth the price. Everything is pretty overpriced in my opinion, Vietnamese coffee was $4.50. Yea, I know bubble tea is pretty trendy at the moment but still, that's like $10 for 2 beverages. The macaroons are to die for! At $3.50 a piece they should be. All in all, this place isn't really anything special, it's above average.Really enjoyed this place! They have a large variety of drinks and a few pastries. Loved the tiramisu!!! They can get busy with small orders so they recommend ordering over the phone. Staff was friendly and helpful just hoped for more comprehensiveness from them since it's overwhelming reading all the menu, not knowing what some of the ingredients are.So delicious but just SO EXPENSIVE! I want to have it everyday, but I definitely cannot afford it! Service was pleasant, especially this one girl named Loran. Cards accepted with a $10 minimum. There is an area to hang out and chill and play board games at. The plaza itself is super Asian with a pho place and an Asian supermarket. So if you want to have a superasian day with some good but so expensive bubble tea, here' s your place.Love their macarons, yum and their drinks are delicious definitely recommend their passion fruit juices with the lychee jellies.The mango smoothie with boba was everything! Glad i found a spot that's really close to my house !A freshly new opened up location that provides the same consistent dessert drink experience as the one in South Philly. While I wish they would expand their drink selection for more non-milk tea drinks, like most of the bubble tea shops in Chinatown, the quality of their drinks shows why they are expanding. 
The caramel drink I had was a bit too sweet for my liking and was a bit less than I expected for the price but I will probably be back to try more things when I'm in the area.Ordered a large Thai milk tea came out full of ice.  I let them know I didn't want too much ice, they took out the ice but cup half full. Stupid business practice! Willing to save 20 cents on milk and tea yet loose me as a customer. Stay away from this store!People seem to love this place.  So much that everyone feels inclined to share their joy for it on various social media outlets!  So I decided to give it a try. 
First, it's pricey (or maybe I'm cheap.) But close to $5 for a vietnamese drink?  Even Starbucks Frap lovers would cringe at these prices!  You can go to an authentic Viet cafe and get your rainbow ice fix for a buck or two cheaper.
Apparently, the ingredients are all natural at this place, and that is what they boast.  And of course, you gotta pay more for finer ingredients. I haven't really appreciated this fact, so I will have to give this place a second chance with that in mind. I did not eat, but looking at their macarons, it didn't look THAT great. 
Service was a little slow, but that may be due to the prep of fresh ingredients, so I will give that a pass. Parking is horrendous here.  There is a private lot that is shared with the Asian supermarket, but it gets packed.
If you're looking for a "cleaner" version of an Asian drink and are willing to pay the premium for ingredients, this place may be your spot.I want to give it 0 star but I can't post my review.  They have a cashier that seem like she doesn't want to be there. I just ordered Vietnamese iced coffee and a avocado smoothie.  Good thing I didn't go food shopping yet.  My food will be go bad.  I've been waiting for 30 minutes for 2 drinks.  And she forgot my orderReally great dessert drinks. Giving it 3 stars bc I found a hair in my pandan jelly. Hey bambu owner, remind your employees to wear hairnets please. 
Whatever, it's good che so I'm still going back.I want to give it 0 star but I wont be able to post my review.  They have someone who takes the orders  that seem like she doesn't want to be there. I just ordered Vietnamese iced coffee and avocado smoothie.  Good thing I didn't go food shopping yet.  My food will be go bad.  I've been waiting for 30 minutes for 2 drinks.  And when I asked her how much longer, she doesn't even remember, she forgot!!!! And didn't even apologized! So rudeI've heard so much about this place and I had yet to try it...that is until they opened this second location right by my job. I'm glad I finally tried them out because it was delicious! I love the variety of drinks and Vietnamese dessert drinks "Che" that they offer and can't wait to try them all. I tried their #6 dessert drink, "Che Trai Cay" which translates into "fruit dessert drink." This cup of deliciousness has lychee, longan, red tapioca, jack fruit, Palm seed, jello, pandan jelly and coconut. It's fresh and not too sweet and quite filling--perfect for a light lunch. The service was super fast and the place is really cute.  
I only wish they had some menus I could take with me. Their menu board is quite extensive so I had to stand at the counter for a while to read their entire menu and decide what I want. Hopefully they will print some menus soon. I'll definitely be back soon!If you love Vietnamese iced coffee, this is the place to go. They make it strong just how I like my coffee. Their passion fruit green tea, Thai tea, fruit smoothies and #6 is a must try! 
Credit accepted for $10 or moreI used to love going to Bambu! I was excited when this one opened NE Philly, but haven't been there for over a year since I moved to North Jersey. I was back in town and wanted to swing by - all I have to say is, never again. 
Not only was the 10% off check in offer not accepted, but the cashier was not the least bit apologetic about it, and was completely unhelpful. When the order came out, it tasted completely unlike the Bambu I'd had before when they first opened or the South Philly location. It was very bland and seemed watered down and not fresh. Quality standards have seriously plummeted and customer service is nonexistent.This review only pertains to their Thai Milk Iced Tea. It tastes very powdery and not fresh brewed at all. Sorry Bambu lovers, but I will not be buying Thai milk iced tea from here ever again. Also, the color is off so I should have known.This BAMBU location never fails to let me down. I've tried this place more than 5 times and every time they disappoint whether it be rude service or messing up my order. I always get #6 Dessert and get grass jelly instead of jello. If they don't forget to make my substitution, they're missing a bunch of fruit in the order. If you run out of an ingredient, then you should let the customer know instead of just leaving it out and hoping we don't notice. This has happened more than once at this location. It's so disappointing, honestly.Bit expensive , doesn't take Credit Crard, cash only and charged taxes?!?!? Has great varieties of Che , most in Philadelphia,  business slow in colder months but will pick up in summer months, nice place to hang out for some Che but bring lots of cash.Sadly I have nothing good to say about this store. There is a check in offer on yelp, but after I checked in and redeem the offer, the person at the cash register said they do NOT honor the offer. Welp, that was already my cue to leave, but  I figured I would give them a try since I was already there anyways. 
Suong sa hot luu is one of my favorite Vietnamese dessert to get, so I got the Bambu Favorite #10 ($5.15 + $1.75 for large), and my s/o got a Thai Tea ($4 for small). The Che was NOOOT flavorful at all. You can barely taste the coconut. Very watered down. The Thai tea flavor was there, but it was on the very sweet side. It would be nice if the sweetness level was adjustable. Majority of the cup was ICE. The drink was done after a couple of sips, so sad. 
This was a very disappointing experience. I would go to a different Bambu or just somewhere else in general for che/ Vietnamese desserts. I would not recommend or come back to this location.Their desert drinks are good. They have all kinds of drinks made from fresh fruits. One of my favorite is Avocado (#5) drink. It's mix between desert that you eat with spoon and drink. I would definitely return again if I am in Philly again.I used to love going to Bambu! I was excited when this one opened NE Philly, but haven't been there for over a year since I moved to North Jersey. I was back in town and wanted to swing by - all I have to say is, never again. This negative review is both for the drinks and the service. 
Service:
Not only was the 10% off check in offer not accepted, but the cashier was not the least bit apologetic about it, and was completely unhelpful. 
Drink: 
When the order came out, it tasted completely unlike the Bambu I'd had before when they first opened or the South Philly location. It was very bland and seemed watered down and not fresh. 
Quality standards have seriously plummeted and customer service is nonexistent.Never had any problems with bamboo (at Whitaker Ave) before. But now more issues with them happened everytime me and my friends came here. The young girl taking orders really had attitude problems. She never cracked a smile or had warm welcome towards customers. 
The quality is getting worse. The amount of "less iced large" Thai tea is ridiculously too low. Why I have to pay more money for the same amount of medium cup? How much they can save to fill up a full cup? It is technically only milk and tea. Back then, i either ordered the less ice or no ice, it was always full but recently the quantity has changed. It is not wise to save some cents and lose their customers.I use to be in love with that place, but either owner changed or they hired some rude staff. 
No smile, no hello, no nothing. 
I wanted to try a new drink, well i knee it was a gamble. But i got it anyway. Spent $7.25?! For a drink?!!!! Snd it was nasty. Ended up going back and buying my regular one. 
Ordering new drink, it's another $5.50!!! Said that previous  drink was nasty. 
And instead of hearing apology, hearing 'then toss it out'. 
I already threw it away, thank you! And you saw ne doing it. 
Is it your way of doing business?!! Or it was some special treatment for me?
If i'm ever going back-i'm going to a different locationTheir bubble tea is good I used to love coming here but the service is horrible. The staff is rude and does not know how to treat a customer. I ordered a passion fruit smoothie as I have before and instead of asking me if I just wanted passion fruit a new staff member put it in as passion in love which contains other ingredients. When she brought my drinks out I politely told her I stated I just wanted passion fruit and I apologized about the mix up. She went to the back to let them know what happened and the person mixing the drinks told her I was to be charged for another drink because the order was messed up. I told her no because it's not my fault they messed my order up. The cashier stayed hidden in the kitchen and said she asked me if I wanted the passion in love and I said, "yes." So not only did she lie, but the person in the kitchen (which is a previous cashier who fulfilled my order the night before) came out to argue with me saying that if I don't state what I want I need to pay because they are losing money. So after arguing with them for 30 min because they messed my order up, and tried to charge me for a total of 3 drinks, she made my order and I left. Never will I go back there again.Menu prices are not correct. Overcharged me and when i asked about the prices the manager said "its our fault I'm sorry we will update the menu" and simply walked away without giving my money back.Got Bambu's favorite (#10) and it was pretty good. The Pandan Jelly is very chewy, and nice kind of like mochi.Not good and smells like dead rodents in here. Go to mr wish. They are very expensive.Not good at all :( 
Very disappointed how bad the #1 is at this location. It doesn't taste anything like coconut water, the taste that I love drinking #1 at Bambu location on Washington Ave in South Philly. 
This is unbelievable sweet! Omg I feel like I'm going to hit the floor from sugar high! It tastes exactly like I'm drinking sugar being boiled with water into a syrup. Even the jelly itself is insanely sweet!! 
So disappointed.First time trying this kinda Vietnamese dessert ever and I love it! Been back to this place at least 3 times already and I'm still dying to try the rest of the menu. I really liked #2 with extra pandan jelly cuz I love it. The avocado smoothie and green tea smoothie are great too. I liked #6 too but it had a little too much coconut and frozen lychee in it for me. Wasn't as much of a fan. But overall, it's a very cute bakery in the Vietnamese plaza. Be sure to try it!I've been to 10+ different locations. And this is by far the worst one yet.I tried ignoring it. But my stomach got so upset and I feel like throwing up. 
I'm from out of state and was craving Che. So I didn't think much of it bce I always had great experiences from bambu until today. I literally ordered in 1-2 minutes and it came out. I saw a big Chunk of flour but i didn't think much of it and took it out until I let the cup sit in the car and so much starting floating around. It looks disgusting. I would not come here.This is a place specializing in Vietnamese desserts also known as Che.  They have a lot of different varieties with all sorts of toppings.
It's a very interesting combination of flavors put together. You can get all sorts of beans tapioca coconut Chia seeds etc.  There are premade specials which you can see in the wall. However if you want to customize a particular dessert you could also do that to your hearts content. The sizes were large and I think it was fairly priced. The area there is also clean well-kept and easy to hang out at. They also have games like Jenga for people who want to hang out.
Overall we had a good time. And we definitely return. It's also in a shopping area close to a Asian grocery store which makes it very convenient.Visiting from out of town.... took my sister to this place. So addictive and the young lady that helped us today provided great customer service! Not often you see that at a Che place. Highly recommend!