Good banh mi and freshly made Vietnamese yogurt. But skip the bubble tea here, it's overwhelmingly sweet.Had the BBQ Pork Banh Mi - a very flavorful sandwich and bread was really fresh. The lady behind the counter was very friendly and courteous. Worth a stop if you're in Chinatown even on a busy Saturday. An  inexpensive and rare find!Yum! Just finished the amazing tofu banh mi - they call em vegetarian hoagies on the menu. It was seriously delicious - especially at $4.50! As other reviewers mentioned the roll is not a traditional crusty baguette. It's a little more porous and chewy and I believe it does a better job of soaking up the incredible spicy juices from the veggies as a result. Speaking of veggies - they really pack em on giving this sandwich more substance then others I've had around town. The lady behind the counter is also very sweet an friendly. There are very few seats so I highly recommend for lunch or dinner on the go.CASH ONLY. Great prices. Quality traditional Vietnamese Bahn Mi sandwiches. I get the BBQ Pork or Chicken. The sandwiches are super long (maybe equivalent to or more than a foot). I got the Thai Tea, but probably would pass on it next time since it was mainly all ice and it tasted artificial. Service nice owners and good service.This is a wonderful small business with great food.  It is authentic, simple Vietnamese food.  They have what you need when you're craving Vietnamese food at such reasonable prices.  It's best as a take out place but there is some seating inside (2 small tables and a counter).  I am Vietnamese and work closeby.  They are not the fastest in getting your order so it's best to call ahead and pick up.  CASH ONLY too.  
They are very sweet owners and I wish them the best in their business.  I hope they stay around for a very long time!I think I found my favorite spot for banh mi. Had their BBQ Chicken and their Vietnamese sausage hoagies and they were big and yummy! It's a cash only place so come prepared -- it's not a huge place, so if you're craving for a place to dine in, it'll have to be for two because there's about two small tables and a bar type spot to sit atI stopped in Chinatown for a Bahn Mi sandwich after a half day at The Barnes Museum in downtown Philly. I was hungry but wanted something simple, fast and tasty. This location is set on a corner wuth public parking immediately across the street so easy to nip in, order, and be out in 12 minutes for a sandwich order. A weet older petite Vietnamese woman greeted me with a smile. I ordered the traditional Bahn Mi with ham & pate. She quickly assembled the sandwich & handed it to me in a brown paper bag. The bread was a perfect baguette: the exterior had a slight soft crunch with a chewy interior. There was a perfect prortion of daikon, carrot, cilantro, ham & pate gently folded into it. I definitely recommend this locale for a sandwich. I did order a vermicelli noodle dish. The fried spring rolls were tasty but the pork was a bit tired looking. I would stick with the sandwiches! Definitely will be back for another traditional Bahn Mi here!Got a traditional combination Viet hoagie. Flavors were good but there was barely any meat in the hoagie and they didn't use the traditional paste. Viet coffee was really goodMy go-to restaurant for cà phê sa đá (iced coffee). Ya know this place is legit when it takes the lady 10 minutes to make the iced coffee because she brewed it when you asked for it rather than having a container pre-brewed and poured over ice. It ain't as good as the West Coast (Lee's Sandwich, ya heard me?) but is anything Vietnamese in Philadelphia better than it is in California? Haven't tried the bánh mì but will have to give it a try on my next trip.This is the perfect place to stop for food after wallowing in the slow motion hell that is the PennDOT driver's license center.  It's right across the street.  After being in there, you will definitely want to eat some delicious food and forget all that you witnessed inside.
The man at the counter was very friendly and warm.  I ordered the vegetarian bahn mi and decided to try the homemade Vietnamese yogurt.  I had no idea what Vietnamese yogurt was, or how it differed from other types of yogurts, but it definitely was tasty.   Not too sweet with a sour tang.  It tasted healty.   The bahn mi was on a chewy roll.  I'm not sure if that's my preference, I think I prefer a crispy baguette, but nonetheless, it was a good hoagie.  Perfectly spicy with fried chunks of tofu and vegetables. 
The prices are very reasonable.  Cash only.Really good cheap sandwich. The Vietnam special was very flavorful with tasty pate. The gentleman at the counter was very friendly. A great place to go for a Classic Vietnamese sandwich.I've walked past this place a million times, and never stopped in until today. 
I have no idea why I haven't stopped before today; quick service, super cheap food, and a quality banh mi. It's a nice small place (I think I counted 9 seats), and the menu is a series of pictures on the wall. In my experience, these are all indicators of a good restaurant, and this place proved no different. 
Don't be an idiot like I was; Stop in and give this hidden treasure a shot. You can thank me later.For fast, friendly, affordable, consistently good take out style Viet hoagie or noodle platter, this is perfect place.Greasy Chinese food?? Cannot find it here!
The spring rolls are fresh, made to order with a balanced mix of sweet and savory, the ban mi is light and flavorful and the egg vermicelli...a star! Cooked to perfection, with fresh vegetable and your choice of protein (I got the tofu, very tasty), the vermicelli are super light and still packed with a lot of flavor!
Too much from a little "to go" spot? Well, give it a shot and you'll see!I went here when looking for a place to get some food quickly and was surprised with how nice it was. The food tasted great and they were very friendly. Also, for a place down in Center City where the price of everything is bloated, their food was both reasonably priced and delicioussoooooo delicious. today, i ordered the bbq chicken over vermicelli for lunch.. OUTSTANDING !! the portion was generous, and I have zero complaints about the flavor/ substance of my meal. the first time i went, i ordered the bbq chicken bahn mi.. RIDICULOUS (in a great way) !!  the bubble teas are pretty good too. atmosphere isnt fancy so not really a date spot per se, but for an amazingly good and inexpensive option, check out this place. you won't be disappointed.By far best banh mi in philly! Sandwiches were made fresh to order and the bread was toasted. I ordered the pork and barbecue chicken banh mi and both were delicious. Also, the lady who worked there was the nicest lady ever! Definitely will be go to spot!No one here speaks a lot of English, there is no place to sit, and they're cash only but PLEASE do not let that put you off!  Their chicken bahn mi is seriously fantastic.This may be one of the best kept secrets of Chinatown.  The tofu bahn mi is perfect. The baguette is crispy yet soft. The carrots are shredded perfectly, the cilantro is always fresh...  the people at the counter are sweet and helpful and that first bite is to die for-it will quell any bahn mi craving for the meager sum of $4.50. They also have bubble drinks and homemade flan but I only really get the bahn mi. The place is spotless and I'm sure the other offerings are good, I just haven't had them.This is my second favorite banh mi place to go to. When you first walk in, you notice that the place is very small you can't even fit 6 people in that area lol. So go up to the table and you order your food and you wait. I got the traditional banh mi which was the banh mi with ham??? I forgot. This banh mi was awesome! The flavor of it was like a traditional banh mi. It was nicely toasted with the pate spreading and not overly filled with bread. Overall rating 5/5 great banh mi and serviceI loved this restaurant. Maybe it's because I'm a vegetarian and all I really want in life is spicy sandwiches full of tofu with fluffy bread for $4. Those vegetarian spring rolls (also stuffed full of tofu) were fantastic too!  Thank you, super nice Vietnamese ladies for filling this vegetarian full of delicious, healthy, cheap food!The sandwiches were good. Got the chicken ones.  I wish there was a little more meat on them though. Still a cheap go to!This was actually my first time having Bahn Mi, so maybe there are some places in the city that are even better, but I loved the sandwiches at Bahn Mi Cali.
My only compliant was that they were a block or two further than I'd wanted to walk... which isn't much of a complaint at all.
I tried the BBQ Pork and the Meatball (both spicy) and I loved them both.  The meatball was a little more generous on the meat, the pork as a bit sweeter, and they were both extremely enjoyable.
The man at the counter (owner?) spoke very clear English, which I wasn't expecting from a little sandwich shop in Chinatown.  Wouldn't have cared either way, but it did make things easier and man was the food good.  Can't say it enough.  Great Bahn Mi and from what I've heard pretty authentic.  
Prices quite low as well, between $4 and $5 for each sandwich.Had a strawberry bubble tea and the vegetarian bahn mi. Both were delicious and I would definitely go back!I LOVE THE WIFE AND HUSBAND WHO RUN BANH MI CALI!!!!! The woman is the sweetest in the world, she greeted me in her cute apron and recommended me some food. I honestly was in a rush and thought this place had buns but I was so pleasantly surprised when I waited and got the cold cut banh mi. The bread is fresh and crunchy -- but not too crunchy that it will break the roof of your mouth. They don't skimp on the pâté which i LOVED. It was $3.75 which is veryyyy reasonable since every other banh mi place spiked their prices to $5+. The woman is vietnamese and told me so many stories about her life while i waited for the banh mi. i came in on a random snow day and the banh mi was perfect.Little corner store run by 2 really nice ladies. Had the Banh Mi, it was ok but what do you expect for $4.Tasty, cheap, and the woman working there is so friendly. Both the honeydew and taro bubble teas were refreshing and flavorful without being overly sweet. The veggie banh mi was a large chewy length of bread with tofu and pickled veggies. Ideally, it could have a little more filling, but it was still mighty good.Banh Mi Cali is the only place that offers traditional banh mi thats comparable to Cafe Cuong on 8th Street. Many other places got rid of an important ingredient, the pork liver pate. Cali's banh mi taste right and delicious. I walked by the other day and it looked like it's doing some remodeling. Hope they will reopen soon.Really friendly owners and great food!
The fried spring rolls were probably one of the best I've ever had. It was seasoned and fried perfectly. Highly recommend this item.
The banh mi had generous portion of meats and the veggies were fresh. The pate was especially delicious as it gave the sandwich a peppery taste.
Only issue is the bread did not have a good bite to it. A little too much dough in the middle and not even crispy crust. Didn't seem like a true French Vietnamese baguette.My favorite sandwiches, BBQ pork and chicken are the best. $4.50. I like how their bread is softer than most bahn mi sandwiches around here.
Unfortunately they have been closed for a couple weeks. I've been searching for a better lunch deal with no success.Wandered in here one day on my way to get food in Chinatown. It's right next to an Indego bikeshare station so I dropped off my bike and decided to stop in, maybe get lunch for work the next day; I'd been missing some quality banh mi like they have over in LA's Little Saigon. 
Got the BBQ Pork and Vietnamese Ham, they're both 4.75, which in itself is an already amazing deal, but they also have a buy 5 get 1 free thing. Considering I wanted to get lunch for work, I decided to buy 6. Boom, lunch for the entire week for barely over 20 bucks. Since I work in University City, cheap lunch options aren't too easy to come by unless I have cash for a food truck/cart.
The bread is soft, which I am a huge fan of; I like toasted banh mis, but they would absolutely wreck my gums and the roof of my mouth when I ate them. Soft is good. 
It's a damn shame that this place looked a little slow on business. We need more proper mom&pop stores. Delicious, cheap, unpretentious, fast. Not often that you get all of those nowadays.This review is specifically for their fruit shakes. Made with love and fresh fruit, they are my favorite shakes in Chinatown. Get the honeydew with bubbles. I've also had her homemade yogurt, which is delicious.This is a cash-only, mom & pop, banh mi store in which almost everything is made in order and served piping hot. While the service speed may not compare with that of an efficient assembly line, the quality and quantity of the food is definitely top notch. We had the bbq pork banh mi and it was served on a sub-foot long french baguette and all of the trimmings associated with the banh mi. If you're hungry, have about $5-7 to spare and are willing to wait about 8-10 minutes for a sandwich, then this is the place for you!I was expecting a lot more from this place since the name of the place is "banh mi."  I ordered the traditional banh mi and it was very sweet.  Not used to having a sweet banh mi and being vietnamese, that is not normal.  There are other options in the area that are definitely better.The shrimp banh mi ($5) does not contain actual shrimp bodies, but slices of a sort of shrimp meatball that nice lady says she makes daily by grinding shrimp and spices. It wasn't like that bouncy, sweet and bland shrimp paste that fills some of what you find at dim sum; it had a lot of flavor and a much more pleasant texture- though if you aren't into ground seafood, you might want to avoid. It was a a nice sized sandwich, with cucumber, carrots, cilantro and a tangy sauce that soaked in to the flaky bread. Superior to a 5 dolla footlong, of course.
I also tried their housemade Vietnamese yogurt, made with whole and condensed milk ($2). I loved that it was tart like plain greek yogurt, but sweeter.This has been my go-to place lately, both for bahn mi and for the vermicelli/noodle salad. Prices are pretty good. Vermicelli good, but no peanuts--they've been using crunchy fried onions lately for a topping (the kind that goes on Thanksgiving green bean casseroles!). I always get the traditional bahn mi (#6) and it's very good, but lately, a little inconsistent. Today's hoagie, hardly any pate.i was stuck working the art book fair two days in a row...there was promise of several food trucks but that promise was broken. the first day we waited past 1pm to finally inquire about the food trucks. they told us that the first one cancelled and the second one would be opening around 2pm. k...so we waited until 230pm...got over it and grabbed some banh mi's. coworker got bbq pork, i got chicken. it was delicious. we started a trend. soon everyone at the fair walked out and back in with banh mi's. the food truck ended up opening around 4pm! 
the second day, again there was just one food truck and most people didn't like the option so we all opted for banh mi's around the corner again. the cute little vietnamese lady is so friendly and their banh mi's are really good. prices also make the place great. two banh mi's, bottled water and bottled diet coke came out to $11 total!
they also have a vegetarian option :)I finally decided to stop by and try this place.  Actually I've tried it 2x already and the second time was better.  I got the bahn mi of course.  The special, bbq chicken and grilled beef/pork I think.  The rolls they use are chewy which I actually liked.  The filling wasnt as much as the other places but was good.  I did ask for extra pickled veggies and they didnt charge me extra for it which is a plus.  The lady behind the counter was delightful to deal with.  I would come back to this place again.  Its not the best but far from being the worst i've had.   Give it a try, you might like it.
Happy eatings!!Stopped here on a whim on my way to the DMV and I'm so glad I did. For $4, I got a fresh, tasty and very filling vegetarian hoagie. The veggies were perfectly crunchy and the tofu was nicely fried but not greasy. Just the right amount of spicy. And the woman who served me was so sweet. Will definitely be back next time I'm in the neighborhood.When you are tired of the ever emerging bubble tea and smoothie storm happening right now in Chinatown and you want some old school Vietnamese ice coffee of the jet fuel variety, Banh Mi Cali is the jawn.  They also have bubble tea and smoothies. I like to get stuff from here as often as I can. 
When I say I, I mean- I send my wife here all the time to pick me up some. When she brings it back it is all that I hope for... strong, rich, and delicious. 
Supporting small business every chance we get for this Mom and Pop shop!!!I got takeout from here last night and thought it was amazing. The women who run it make everything from scratch, from the stuffing for their spring rolls, to the slices of shrimp cake used in their banh mi, to the Vietnamese yogurt.  Even the smoothies and bubble tea are based on real fruit and not the powder ones you see commonly. The bbq pork banh mi had just the right amount of filling, and the flavor profile was on point.  For the price, this place can not be beat.  OH, and I loved that the summer roll was made to order, not just pulled out of a fridge.  Give this place a shot if you need fresh and tasty takeout some night soon!Walk by this place a lot and thought I would try it today. Simple interior with a few seats. Family run. Ordered the Pork BBQ Bahn Mi which was very fresh and tasty. Large portion for $4.50. They also offer many types of bubble tea for $3 (a good price), which appear to be made from real fruit (fruit case in the front of restaurant). I will try one another time. 
Owner was friendly to me. Note it is $ only.Non-pretentious mom-and-pop shop. Cash only! Very tasty vegetarian banh mi ($4.75) and everyone is right, the lady behind the counter is very sweet!I'd love to give this place more stars, but i feel it definitely wasn't even close to the the best I've tried. I had the bbq pork banh mi. It looked like it was supposed to, with fresh bread, meat, some carrots and cilantro...but the taste was just not there. It felt like it was missing something. I also had the shrimp summer rolls, which were almost all noodles, and just tiny little pieces of lettuce and shrimp. I was expecting to get some peanut sauce with it, but I got some sort of soy sauce looking dark liquid. However, the lady that worked at the counter was super nice, polite and smiley. She was an absolute sweetheart.Good Vietnamese hoagies. Just stay away from the shrimp hoagie. I've had bad experiences with with. It's not really shrimp but made of shrimp paste. The pork hoagies are great. Stick with that! Their Vietnamese coffee is definitely one of the best and it's only 3 bucks!Great little place! I came across it during an evening stroll, and saw they had some banh mi. The owners are nice and accommodating, and they immediately served me. I got the BBQ pork Vietnamese hoagie there, which was only $4.75!! Very competitive pricing, and once I took a bite, I fell in love. The hoagie comes in a brown bag but it is nice and fresh. The bread is toasted to a nice crisp, and the cucumber and vegetables are a nice fresh taste to the more savory BBQ pork. I will say that a softer bbq pork would be wonderful, but that's just a preference. It's also a fairly large hoagie, and filled me up pretty quickly. Overall, I walked out of the shop satisfied, and I will definitely be coming back!I love their sandwiches! The filling was tasty, and the baguette was the perfect texture in addition to being pretty big. The owners were also very friendly. As others have mentioned, there are only two tables there, so it's more of a carryout place.
I can't wait to come back and try the fried spring rolls and Vietnamese flan!During the beginning of my 3rd hour at the DMV, I decided I was going to grab something at Subway. My conscience was killing me though...I mean, Subway, really? I saw the edges of Chinatown as I was walking and thought, there must be something better and I noticed Banh Mi Cali on the corner. For $11 I got a BBQ pork banh mi (the picture looked like the meat was shredded and it wasn't), 4 spring rolls, and a butterscotch krimpet (cuz, why not?). Ugh, the batter on the spring rolls were perfectly flaky and crispy. My banh mi was so freaking good. I just love the cilantro sprigs, carrot, cucumber, and jalapeño, in it.  Mu husband said he has never seen me eat a sandwich that fast. The bread was perfect, too, so yummy!Their Viet iced coffee is ON POINT--perfect combination of strong coffee, condensed milk, and ice. My sister had the mango smoothie, which was delicious and freshly made with mangoes. They had the sweetness level done right, which is to say, not too much.
Later in the day, we came back for their classic banh mi, which is reasonably priced ($4 each--comparable to Orange County prices)  and made the traditional way. It had all the right components, with lots of of meat. 
A couple of quibbles that made this place 4-star instead of 5-star: there was so much pate that the sandwich tasted too salty, and there wasn't enough pickled carrots/daikon in there in comparison to the meat (I'm sure they would have added more if we'd requested it, but since we had the sandwiches to go, we didn't see this until later.) 
Having said that, this is one of the best banh mi shops that I've been to on the east coast. I talked to the owner, who said that she'd lived in Little Saigon for a dozen years before moving to Philly, so she knows what she's doing. I'll be coming back here any time I'm in the city!Since I really don't do much pork my bahn mi selections are usually bbq chicken or vegetarian.
Discovered this place while out for lunch during jury duty
The chicken bahn mi is very good. Not served on a baguette, they use Liscio's rolls. Definitely tasty and worth the $4.50. Skip the summer rolls, which were not much more than noodles lettuce, 2 very thin slices of shrimp balls, and a forgettable sauce. Do get the homemade yogurt,  which is a little sweet, and made from condensed & "American" milk according to the owner. They also offer various noodle dishes which are pictured on the wall.
Expect friendly, fast service. Very small inside. Although I used to go to QT, I find this place has bigger sandwiches that cost less, and are just as tasty. If you're in Chinatown, and are craving a solid bahn mi, I say give this place a chanceThis corner banh mi shop is not much to look at.  Maybe 150 square feet with only 2 tables for eating in, and the rest of the space totally utilitarian for the production of Vietnamese fast food.  There is a wall menu with photos of their offerings and a cooler full of fruit for their various smoothies.  The ladies of the house are pleasant, courteous and very deferential.  I love that they bowed when they delivered my food. 
My Spring Roll arrived after the Banh Mi, but that was of no concern.  They were 5 lightly fried, tightly wrapped, logs full of ground shrimp and pork with veggie filler.  The dipping sauce was clear with a sweet vinegar taste. Very nice.  
The Banh Mi was loaded with BBQed Pork, Cucumber, Carrot, Cilantro and a good Peanut Dipping Sauce.  The Roll was not quite a crusty baguette, but was fresh and complementarily soft and chewy as the palette on which the other flavors were painted.  Quite good. 
Banh Mi Cali is primarily a take out joint for those wanting a good sandwich or one of their many handspun smoothies or bubble teas.  Still, as a solo traveler this night, it suited me perfectly as the place to relax with a good light meal in a small corner of Vietnam.Don't let its looks fool you! I've been a frequent customer of Banh Mi Cali since I moved to Chinatown area years ago and have developed a good relationship with the owner, who is the sweetest lady on Earth.
I'll have to say that some of the Vietnamese dishes (like the rice vermicelli with bbq pork dishes) aren't what I'm typically used to in authentic Vietnamese cuisine but they all taste pretty good. They're probably her own home recipes that she's been making for years before she opened this place and the dishes really do give me a very home cooked meal vibe.
As far as the banh mis go... I've been very disappointed by the bread at other banh mi establishments in Chinatown. Often I've seen banh mis made on a soft hoagie roll that looks like its from amorosos but not at Banh Mi Cali! I think it may have the best bread for banh mis in Chinatown and the bread is one of the most important parts! Try the traditional Vietnamese cold cut or the meatball banh mi if you want a more authentic taste. But if you're weary then the BBQ pork and the sausage ones are also pretty good. And don't forget to get the Vietnamese iced coffee to go along with your meal! Warning: don't have it in the evening if you're trying to get to bed early.Food was great!  Chicken hoagie was delicious and the shrimp summer rolls were fresh and tasty. Price for both was less than I've paid for just the hoagie in my neighborhood. Service was quick and pleasant. The four stars simply reflects the cash only policy. It's 2018. Who carries cash?Great prices and friendly staff. The food is so good and I can't be mad at myself when forgetting to pack a lunch, it's affordable and very filling. :)This is a very unassuming banh mi sandwich shop that delivers on price and taste. We got the roast pork banh mi. The bread used was on point - fresh and crispy on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside. The way the baguette for a banh mi should be. We were disappointed that the pork slices did not have the honey roast flavor that you get in most other sandwiches of similar kind. The meat did not seem to be roasted but boiled/pressure cooked albeit until tender but it lacked flavor. We usually get a spicy banh mi that comes with jalapeños and when we asked the lady at the counter she said she could make it spicy by adding a chili sauce which was a nice variation and made the sandwich. Don't expect much in ambience for this place. However, the day we went it was pouring rain and this cafe and the banh mis were a refuge from the cold and damp.simple bahn mi。 bread was avg and so was the meat。 i like the sweet lady working there but its def not smtg i would go back for。Visited today with my sister because I was craving a banh mi for lunch. It's kind of out of the way for me, but it was worth the walk. I ordered a BBQ Pork Banh Mi. The auntie who took my order was such a patient sweetheart. She told me the wait was 8 minutes. The shop is kind of small so it was a little awkward finding a place to stand and wait. The hoagie was made to order and came out hot and toasty. I wish the bread was more of a classic Vietnamese baguette, but it still had a crispy outside and a soft inside so I can't complain. The pork was sweet and a little spicy and the pickled veggies were the best I've had. It's such a cute shop with really good prices. They also had an assortment of bubble teas and fruity drinks I'd like to try next time! I'd honestly just go back because the lady was so warmhearted. We love a good mom and pop shop.I had a Banh Mi craving and was in Chinatown so stopped by Banh Mi Cali since I heard good things. The shop is small but has a very extensive menu (sandwiches, platters, boba) and a well stocked drink case. The woman who rang me up was so sweet and nice. 
My combo with ham was delicious. The bread was very good, flaky and light, and the fillings were fresh and generous. I wish it had more veggies for crunch but was overall happy. I'll definitely come back for a banh mi. Cash only and you can get one free if you buy 5 sandwiches- great for a lunch run!I was really craving a fruit smoothie with my dinner and Banh Mi Cali was one of the closest places where I could get both, so I finally stopped in for the first time.
First, the strawberry bubble tea was amazing. The bubbles were soft and on the smaller side so they were actually suspended in the drink, and not at all rubbery or slimy, which are always my biggest fears when agreeing to bubbles. The smoothie itself was made with fresh strawberries, milk, and a little ice, so it was more akin to a lighter, healthier milkshake than the smoothies you can get elsewhere.
I also got a bbq pork banh mi, and the bread was easily the best part. A perfectly toasted baguette that was crispy on the outside and still fluffy on the inside. Someone needs to teach me this toasting wizardry, because while the bread itself was still very good by the end of the meal, it was no longer magical. But yes, eat this immediately while it's fresh! The pork itself, well, compared to a good American bbq or the cha shao (char siu) of Chinese places, the pork here was average, but I look forward to coming back and trying a different filling. :)
Cash only, listed price on the wall is tax inclusive. This is not a fast food joint, plan for a ten minute wait even if the shop isn't busy.Great little place for Vietnamese snacks and quick meals. Proprietors are friendly and prompt. Ingredients taste high-quality and are fresh. Prices are very reasonable. Space is small, modest and clean. Reliable, friendly, tasty.The sandwiches are ok, not the best banh mi I've ever had, especially for $4-5. If you wants real banh mi, just go to Washington Ave in South Philly and you can get a great sandwich for $3.50.
The lady there is certainly nice, so I'm not complaining about the service, but the sandwiches themselves are meh.
I got the BBQ pork sandwich, and there wasn't that much meat, and it was a bit too sweet. There was not any pate that is signature of bahn mi sandwiches, and no peppers (although they did have pickled carrots and daikon and cucumbers). Instead of the spice coming from the peppers, they just add sriracha, which I think is a cop out.
I love banh mi, so this place isn't too bad if you just want a sandwich from a convenient location, but the sandwiches could be a lot better.!!! This place is it.
I've been looking for that hole in the wall, authentic, family owned Vietnamese shop to get my bahn mi fix.
Well folks, the look is over! Bahn Mi Cali provided everything I was looking for. Great prices, good quality sandwiches and the sweetest lady/man to top it off. 
Definitely going to make this a frequent pit stop.Food was delicious. Fresh, excellent ingredients. Fried spring rolls were so tasty!!  Roast pork banh mi was perfect! Pork was flavorful, veggies were crisp and fresh, and the bread was light, crispy and airy. 
The ONLY negative was the space: it was tiny, only 2 tables and pretty cold (winter day).  But I would go back in a heartbeat!Ok let me start by saying im very particular abt banh mi, and I never really stray from s philly for my fix. But this place is around the corner from my new job, and I was hungry and broke. Banh mi is always the go to in that situation.
Pros: great service, quick turnaround, prices on point ($4 for vegetarian banh mi).  Bread was warm, toasty on outside, soft on inside. And they have the option to go spicy (that should be the default imo but ya know).
Now is where it gets dicey. There was almost no tofu on the thing, and way too much carrot/daikon mix. The carrots werent very crisp, and the tofu was downright mushy. That would be fine if the carrots added crispness.  It was sweet, and by no means spicy (could just be the particular pepper I got), and missed that characteristic fish sauce fermented flavor I get on a lot of the s philly ones. 
Its a solid 3.5 star banh mi place. And id gladly go again if im in chinatown and need a quick, close fix. And in other cities, this would be a 4 star and above place. But its just not the best philly has to offer.There's 7 folding seats here, on two tables and 4 on the bar ledge thing on the window. It's on the corner of 9th and arch, really close to the 8th and market Patco stop.
I got a BBQ pork banh mi sandwich for 4.75, as per recommendation of some other yelp review. It looked like one of those skinny foot long sub breads you get at some places, but it was prob about 7-8 inches long. I also got a Vietnamese flan for 2 dollars. 
The flan was thicker and creamier than it looked, but had the expected syrupy goodness on the bottom. The flan portion itself wasn't super sweet which I liked. It looks like it was made directly into the paper cup bowls they had, since the top of the flans skin started to scrunch up. This is probably from the sides of the flan sticking to the ends of the cup as it cooled, which kinda implies it was poured in hot.
The sandwich itself was fresher than I expected. And honestly, together with the flan I was more satiated than I was expecting to be. I really wanted some banh mi and this was the closest one that I saw on yelp.
There's no bathroom but there is a sink for you to wash your hands in. Which is a total+++ for me. I'm kinda a messy eater and love rinsing off my hands after fooding.
The place itself is quite small and it looks like a cute little local mom and pop store. There are plants and figures scattered around the store, typical for little old Asian ladies to do. However, it does show that their business doesn't seem to be as great as it could be. Stop gap fixes like the styrofoam backing to prevent the chairs from scuffing up the wall, and the janky door that doesn't close all the way by itself shows the gradual dilapidation of local mom and pop stores as 'mom the pop' get older. The store front starts becoming less store front and more storage. Function over form.
While I was eating there, the (presumably) 'pop' mentioned to the 'mom' how they needed to get the door fixed as it was letting the cold air in. It was kind of saddening. 
It's stores like these that I believe people should support, favoring local places instead of chains. What's the point of visiting somewhere if you're going to get something you could just get at home? Gotta have the local experience man. 
And for 4.75 that sandwich was damnnnnn cheap. Try it out!I was looking for a quick bite to pick up after a 2-hour bus ride from NYC and am so glad I found this gem. Oftentimes, I find myself craving banh mi and all the shops I like are not walking distance from my house. When visiting Philly, I thought it'd be a great lunch to curb my cravings.
Upon entering the shop, I've noticed how homey it feels. It's quite small and a little movement can trigger the motion sensor doorbell (I'm guilty of it multiple times). The nice lady came to greet me as I entered and took my order: Number 6 - Vietnamese ham hoagie.
It took some time since it was one lady taking all the orders and the food is made to order so it's understandable. After she's done making my banh mi, I paid in cash and headed to a park to enjoy it.
Let me tell you this, I've eaten many banh mi's in NYC from numerous shops throughout my lifetime. This is the first time I've had banh mi crispy on the outside yet so fluffy on the inside. I've never had this texture of baguette from other banh mi shops before. Most of the other banh mi's I've had has a very hard exterior, to the point where it scratches the top of your mouth. I thought those were the best I could find until I found Banh Mi Cali.
The filling was really good as well. There was a great amount of pate and ham but I would love it more if there were more pickled carrots. I honestly wish I could bring this shop to NY with me. It's definitely something I will miss and my cravings won't be as satisfied as it used to be because my standards have been upped. If I ever visit Philly again, you'll find me here.Bahn Mi are ok here. The bread is fresh, and the amount on the sandwich is fine. I still want to find one that uses the wonderful pate that I crave on the bahn mi.Almost always super delicious and the older woman behind the counter is really sweet. The Banh mi is so good -- especially considering it costs less than $5 and is a quite filling meal.The owner was very pleasant and answered all of our questions.  The fresh fruit smoothy was delicious,  you have the option  to  add bubbles.  Tried the vegetarian Bahn mi and the one with pate and ham.  Crispy bread and nicely spiced.  Bahn mi was $4, smoothie with fresh strawberries, mango and banana $3.50. Not a restaurant, more of a take out place with very limited seating.Everytime I'm in Chinatown this is my go-to spot for my honey-dew bubble tea. Its made with love and real fruits! I love it here and their prices are so reasonable.My favorite lunch spot. Food is great, coffee is strong and the owners are so sweet.
Recommend the traditional banh mi, the bbq, or #19 or 20 off the vermicelli menu. Really can't go wrong for the great value!This very small restaurant should not be overlooked. For those who want quick, authentic Vietnamese food, definitely visit here. The BBQ pork banh mi and BBQ pork vermicelli were delicious and so cost efficient! The food was ready within 10-15 minutes of me calling and placing my order. They unfortunately were out of spring rolls when I called, but I will surely be back to try it. The meat was flavorful and you can't really beat the price for the portions. They have a menu with a variety of banh mi, rice, and vermicelli dishes. Everything tasted fresh and I was pleasantly satisfied by the bread for the banh mi - the bread can make or break the sandwich! The woman who rang up my order and spoke to on the phone was also the sweetest and suggested several other delicious items after telling me that they were out of the spring rolls that evening. This place is cash only and has very limited seating available so I would suggest ordering for take out. Don't miss out on this place!This is the best banh mi in Philadelphia. As fresh as can be, both the bread and the fillings. Ridiculously cheap, yet huge. My favorite is the tofu banh mi but my colleagues have raved about the chicken banh mi. 
Owners are lovely and friendly people. Tiny place, big heart.
Only caveat: cash only.Terrible banh mi. No flavor and overall it is nothing like a Vietnamese banh mi. Please save your five bucks and go spend it on something else.Small shop right at the corner of 9th and Arch. They have a very extensive menu and super cheap prices! You can get a banh mi sandwich for $4.50 and it as big as a foot long. I tried the bbq pork as well as the tofu banh mi and they were both really flavorful and delicious. The meat (or tofu) and the vegetables taste really fresh. The place is very small but they do have a few tables set up for dining in. Great spot with you want quick, cheap and flavorful Vietnamese food!This is a tiny little place with few seating. This place is a perfect example of not to judge a book by its cover. I had the chicken Banh Mi and omg it was the best. Really good food and the woman working there is really sweet too. And the price is 5$ but the food is worth so much more.When you need a quick meal and you are in or near Chinatown, Banh Mi Cali is a good place to know.  This Vietnamese take-out place offers a variety of tasty Banh Mis.  Though they are made to order (which is good of course) your order never takes too long to prepare.  One of my favorite Banh Mis here is the Vietnamese sausage.  Its flavorful and filling at the same time.  I'm sure I'll grab another Banh Mi at Banh Mi Cali before too long.So glad I stumbled upon his gem! This place offers a buy 5 banh mi, get 1 free deal. At $4.5-5 a banh mi, this place is an absolute steal! It's cash only but don't let that deter you. I only tried the bbq pork banh mi but I was pleasantly surprised by the taste (slightly sweet) and perfect crunchiness of the bread. The owners are incredibly sweet and I'll definitely be back!Want cheap lunch with great taste and texture ? Come here! Very friendly service and cheap prices.. Quick turn around even it's busy! Make sure to try the summer rolls, you're welcomeThis is not authentic Vietnamese food. If you like simple flavors, then this is the place for you. Summer rolls have lettuce, shrimp and noodle and no herbs. The fish sauce is bland. The dipping sauce for summer rolls is watered down.   The banh mi barely has any veggies in it and they don't put any pickled daikon, just carrots. I ordered take out and waited about 20 minutes or more for my food while two customers that came after me got their food first. I was clearly upset with the wait and the woman who served me could see it and just spoke in her language to the man that worked with her in front of me.  I will not be returning and don't recommend this place to anyone. If you don't know Vietnamese food then you don't know what you are missing. I would not recommend this place at all.