This place is fantastic!  Delicious, simple, healthy. Literally could not ask for anything more, especially at under $10! Beef is my favorite but I could also go for the chicken. If you haven't been here and you are still reading this review, stop what you are doing and go right now.I called in an order for a chicken dish, and it was hot and ready 10 minutes later when I arrived.  The owner was very friendly and made some conversation.  The food was hot and tasty.  The ingredients were made well, with good flavor and texture.  I got chicken and a coke and the total was roughly $10, and I was stuffed.  I would definitely go back there again.The menu isn't extensive but great to go to if you're craving a classic bibimbap.  I would recommend the extra dollar for the stone bowl.  The man who runs the shop is sweet and makes sure you have a good dine in experience.   Also, the location is close to the Magic Gardens.Solid rice and fresh vegetables. Pricey for what you get, although understandable given that the location is on South St. Also try the panjeon (Korean pancake) and yukgaejang (beef stew) on a cold winter day. Small restaurant, seems like most people take their food to go. Very friendly staff.I ordered from BAP using UberEats, and enjoyed it. The food was warm and delicious, and there was a nice ratio of meat and vegetables to rice. I liked their kimchi as well, which they did manage to keep at a cooler temperature than the bibimbap.Little disappointed considering all the stellar reviews.
The veggie bibimbap was delicious but the yukgaejang was just ok, and a tiny portion despite being labeled as 16 oz. Also, it didn't come with rice which I thought was weird, and they charged me $2 for a small bowl of white rice, so the $4.95 yukgaejang became a $6.95 yukjgaejang. The pa-jeon was just ok too. 
I guess Philly has a pretty weak Korean food scene in general, but I wanted this place to be a little better. If it was next door I'd probably hit it up every now and then, but the problem is that we're not that close to here, and its just not good enough to warrant going very far for it. 
Inside only seats six.Fresh, delicious, and satisfying. Perfect dinner to pick up on the way home from work.
Don't tell my mom, but it's better than the bibimbap I grew up eating :OI will be eating here every time I go to Philly in the future.
It's a little place - primarily take out, i think.  just two people in the kitchen prepping and cooking and waiting tables / tending register.
the bibimbap is great - super fresh, flavorful, spicy (if you like it spicy- or not if you tell them not to make it spicy), filling without being a gut buster.
if only every meal could be this satisfying and wholesome....Great bibimbap! Fresh veggies, great flavor and very reasonable. The owners are very nice as well. This is our favorite bibimbap in the city!BAP is a quaint hole-in-the-wall thats great to pop in for bibimbap or to grab take out. The menu is short and sweet (no frills), but the food hits the spot!
You walk up to the front and order; there's no true waitstaff. It seemed like only one man was running the place when we came in, but considering that, we didn't wait very long at all for our food. 
My dolsot bibimbap came out delightfully sizzling. I thought the flavor was excellent, and the egg was the perfect amount of gooey. I finished the entire bowl (something I've never managed before) and was just the right amount of full.
For $11, I'll definitely be going back!Gripped a veggie bibimbap, gotta say it was tasty, I'll come again, but I don't think I'll bring friends because I don't have anyMostly rice, very little meet. Dol sot pot was not hot enough to crisp the rice.I LOVE THIS PLACE. I would eat lunch here twice a week if I could. As it is I go out of my way to come here. The tofu bibimbap is my go to but the menu is so healthy, tasty, filling and affordable!! The owner is so sweet and there are 5 small tables (no server) for eating in. So convenient. Go here often :)Really cute place that is run by a husband and wife team. The Bibimbap in a stone pot was delicious and fairly priced. The portion size was solid and I left feeling completely satisfied. I agree that this is a hidden gem and worth going to, especially if you live in the area. Also, I like supporting nice small businesses like these. The owners were very friendly and nice and other than the Bibimbap, my wife really liked the Ginger Cinnamon Tea. 
Of note, they take Credit Cards. I think the yelp reviews previously had said cash only. 
4+ for the food, extra star for kindness.Came here on a Tuesday at 8:40 w/my SO. We ate in and ordered the chicken bibimbap, the dolsot beef bibimbap, and the homemade ginger cinnamon tea.  
The good:
- The chicken was moist and tender and the beef was seasoned perfectly. Both had awesome flavor and were generously portioned. 
- Great veggies in the bibimbap (and all very fresh): cucumber, red cabbage, broccoli, zucchini, bean sprouts, etc. 
- Perfectly cooked runny egg =]
- The owner/cook is incredibly sweet!!
The less good: 
- The rice to meat/veggie ratio wasn't great. They should either give less rice or give more veggies & meat
- The ginger cinnamon tea was a bit bland. It could have benefitted from a bit of sugar. 
- Not the best place to eat in (it seems like people go more for take out). It's sort of bleak and depressing...Stopped in for lunch around noon on a Saturday. I expected it to be busy, but there was only one other couple there. We both got bibimbap, I got tofu, he got beef. He also tried shrimp pancakes and kimchi. Both of us enjoyed our stone bowls. My only complaint is that it was spicy, which some people may not love, but I enjoyed it. One thing that was noted is that the beef is scarce, but the portion overall was good. He also liked both other dishes, declaring the kimchi the best ever. In addition, we both got the ginger cinnamon tea that is made in house. While I liked that it was not sweet, he would have preferred a lift sweetness. This is a great spot with excellent service and good food.Great bibimbap! Fresh veggies, great flavor and very reasonable. The owners are very nice as well. This is our favorite bibimbap in the city! Truly a hidden gem.I am always on the lookout for good Korean food in the USA, and this hole one the wall
restaurant serves good, non-fussy, fresh, and healthy food.Uh I don't understand why there is such a craze for this place. When I went, the restaurant was empty, which is fine with me since the food should have come out faster. But it still took 20 minutes. With that said, my bibimbap came out cold. Like not cold because it's meant to be served cold, but cold as in the food was already cold when it got to our table. I don't know how you can really go wrong with bibimbap but this place does not deserve 4.5 star. The owner was nice so I feel bad for giving this a bad review, but the food is not that great. Won't be going back again.A bare-boned place, so don't expect a lot of ambiance, that being said....I don't need ambiance as long as the food is good. BAP has a nice short menu and the bibimbap was wonderfully prepared and delicious. 
I will be coming back for more!
I also saw they added pajeon (korean savory pancake) to the menu, and i'll definitely be trying that on my next visit.
the price is great too - compare it to Rice & Mix on Walnut (also a favorite of mine) and i think BAP can hold its own...price is more affordable too!
The proprietor is also a very friendly man, courteous and helpful too. The portions are large - so there was no mistaking it would keep you sated.The best 'hole in the wall' places keep it simple and do a few things well - this guy does exactly that.  There's not a lot about bibimbap to screw up, and a lot of it hinges on fresh crisp vegetables and your gochujang/kochujang.  This guy makes a bangin' gochujang and everything is done exactly how it should be.  I had a chicken bibimbap, but the protein you pick really doesn't impact the dish very much, honestly.
It's not particularly traditional, but it does have the basic spirit of bibimbap:  take a bunch of leftover vegetables and turn it into something new.  Mine had fresh broccoli, carrots, cucumbers and sprouts - none of them seemed to be dressed or pickled.  Honestly, no flavor was lost by that - the kochujang seasons it perfectly.
I'll certainly be back.I wanted to love this place. I've passed by for years while wandering South Street, always keeping in mind that there's a cute, convenient little place that solely sells bibimbap. Finally took the plunge one day and went to order the 'bap. 
I've had my fair share of Korean rice in stone pots that have warmed my soul and whet my appetite. This came to me in a large aluminum bowl to accentuate the size of the meal. I wasn't completely wowed even knowing full well the guy prepared it just there and then. Good assortment of veggies, rice, meat but definitely echo some of the other reviewers here - it just wasn't enough. Typically bibimbap makes me keel over from sheer amazingness; quality and quantity and delicious. This gave me more of an: it's alright, feels sufficient. Lots of options for similar prices on South Street and surrounding area but if you want 'bap quick and easy, it can be an easy fix for you.Very small and casual. Counter walk up with sit down and take out options. Fast, kind service. If you are looking for solid, quick, cheap bibimbap, this is the place for you!This place is super cute and homey! Really good food and super fast! Will definitely order from here again!I created an account just to write this. 
This place is terrific. The gentleman who runs it is very nice, and its modest appearance belies the quality of food on offer.
The menu is quite small, but the bibimbap is excellent. $8 gets you a whole meal of fresh vegetables, quality meat (or tofu), and just the right amount of heat. There is no heavy-handed dousing of sauce all over the vegetables, and you can finish a meal without feeling like a hot mess. I've sampled almost the whole menu, and each time the experience is the same - a full stomach, great taste, the freshest ingredients, quick service, and a kind proprietor. I'm not sure what else you could ask for. Highly, highly recommended.This restaurant is a neighborhood gem. You can get really delicious and healthy food fast here. The owners are also super sweet. It's a perfect place for takeout.I no longer live an Philly and this might be the place I miss most.  Everything on the menu is delicious, authentic and consistent.  The atmosphere for a hole in the wall on South Street is perfectly fitting.  I always enjoyed the classical music, tasteful decor and the friendly service that makes one truly feel welcome.  I can't wait to come back next time I'm in Philly.  Thanks for all the great meals!I came here right before closing one night. I lived right outside of Koreatown in LA for about a year so I think I might be a bit critical. The food here was okay. I definitely think it's overpriced for what you get. I had the chicken bibimbap and still felt hungry afterwards. 
Customer service was a 10/10. Super friendly people!Very delicious, fresh, fast and a good price! The menu is small, but the flavor is not. I got the vegetable bibimbap and my husband got the beef. We also got a small kimchi (nice and crunchy) and a hot ginger cinnamon tea. Everything was great!Absolutely delicious little mom and pop joint. Prices were a tad high for the amount of food but still worth it. Try the cinnamon ginger iced tea.I've been meaning to come here for the longest time and I'm so glad I finally did! It's a hole in the wall and the menu is very minimal, so you know that they've perfected every item. I got the beef bap and the sauce is so good, they have a bottle of sauce if you'd like to add more. You can dine in or take out. The inside is a cute little spot and the man taking orders was very sweet. As you can see I killed the bowl.Cute little Korean couple serving authentic Korean bibimbap. As someone who grew up eating bibimbap, I can say it taste just like my mom's. I will definitely be going back! Great food, great portion, great price. I highly recommend this place!Very nice korean bibimbap on the go. 
It's a small menu so it's great for people that wanna come and look at a simple menu in front of ur face and go.
I do like the japchae, but it was half the box. And do they mean by "vegetable" japchae because there wasn't any meat.
But in my opinion, you get what you pay for the beef bibimbap.
The vegetables and rice did not even fill up half of the height of the take out bento box. The marinated beef was good though.
I was full but it's not enough for a male tummy FYI.It isn't the best bibimbap in Philly, but it is a decent deal and a great quick lunch or dinner if you are in the area. The owners are very nice and the food comes out hot if you get the hotpot bibimbap. The bowl isnt really a stone bowl like how I have usually had it, which was disappointing. I enjoy Giwa and Tampopo more for my hotpot bibimbap needsI was a little sad to know that my local Chinese takeout spot was no longer there.... But am thrilled to welcome a Korean mixed rice bowl takeout!!! I heard there were going to be other new additions to the menu and I can not wait. I got the beef bibimbap and there were all different kinds of vegetables: red cabbage, bean sprouts, carrots, broccoli, mushrooms, zucchini, and cucumbers. I picked beef which tasted like bulgogi (Korea. Style sweet/soy marinated beef) and it came with a perfectly over easy egg on top. The red sauce that was on the side was perfectly portioned (even though the guy gave me extra) i could see it being a little spicy for people who can't handle the heat so just be cautious and taste before you mix!!!  For $5 it is definitely worth it. I'll be back again for sure!!!If you like things healthy, authentic and naturally flavorful, this is your place. I highly recommend the chicken bibimbap and cinnamon ginger tea. I don't detect added sugar anywhere, just clean fresh eats.
I would rate this as my personal favorite bibimbap I've ever had in the US. I've had it all up and down the east coast, mainly in the DC/NoVa area where I'm from.Ahh what can I say?  BAP is truly a  hidden gem on South Street.  The food is absolutely delicious and satisfying.  They provide the perfect portion for such a reasonable price.  The sauce they serve is out of this world and keeps me coming back for more.  The owner is the sweetest man-- always friendly and serves with a smile.  I visit BAP every Thursday (sometimes more)!  My favorite, quick, take out meal!  Keep it up BAP, you rock!I love this place. I come here probably twice a month. Quick, easy, healthy (relatively) and cheap (once again, relatively).Great bibimbap--fresh ingredients, well seasoned.  Plus I can walk to it from my house!  My partner and I both had the tofu bibimbap and beef soup.  Delicious!BAP!! My cousin and I got a beef bibimbap!! The taste was very scrumptious! The vegetables are definitely fresh. Every time I took a bite, a crunch could be heard! Nom nom nom! For the meat, it's seasoned properly and the portion ratio was just right. The reason I'm giving it three stars is because it wasn't warm at all! Beef was room temperature! Kind of felt like I was eating leftovers that wasn't microwaved! Maybe it was because we came the last twenty minutes, who knows.  We also got the pancake! It was so crispy, which I like! 
Customer service! The owner was extremely nice for letting us come in, even though it was closing in 20 minutes! He kindly let us try his homemade tea! He's a really humble guy!! 
I'd come back again to try a different type of bibimbap though. Hopefully it'll be warm next time!Great little spot with a super friendly owner. 
Beef Bimbebap in a Dolsot:
Great spice, great flavor, and great texture.  The rice is creamy on top with crispy rice on the bottom. Veggies were nice and crisp too. Beef was tender. The egg on top speaks for itself. The only thing this dish needed was a touch of soy sauce/salt which I added at home and made it 10x more flavorful.BAP is one of my neighborhood favorites. The place is run by an older Korean couple and they are two of the nicest people you will meet. Major points for a family owned spot with kind people and good service.
There's not much to say really: it's exactly what you'd expect Bibimbap to be. The menu is small. It's basically Bibimbap and then Kimchi with some specials that change from time to time. The only negative, but not enough to take off a point, is that the portion sizes are quite small for what you pay. I always order extra meat and it still doesn't fill me up. I'm not even a big eater. The only thing I'd recommend is go elsewhere if you're starving. I'm not sure this will satisfy you fully.
Points for: Service, neighborhood place, BYOB (I think? I've never eaten there. Always takeout).
Negatives: Portion sizeBAP is awesome! Really great food, fresh ingredients, and the owners are very nice (they gave us a free pajeon). If you have a little time, it's a great stop before going to the Kimmel Center. 
My only comment is that I wish the bibimbap was a bit warmer. But it didn't ruin my experience at all.Love their bibimbap, especially in the restaurant with the stone bowl. Their kimchi is also delicious and the chef is always friendly.BAP is as good as it gets for a hole in the wall bibimbap shop..... the decor is charming and warm, the owner is welcoming, and the food is delicious and fresh.  Lots of tender chicken and vegetables and a perfectly runny egg in the chicken bibimbap... the kimchi is nicely funky and moderately hot... I love the spicy ginger cinnamon beverage... service is quick and friendly.  I wish it were open later and on Sundays, that's my only complaint.I'm breaking a personal rule here by writing a review after a single visit.  But--what can I say?-- it was a terrible, horrible, no-good meal.  My fellow Yelpers deserve to know!
I had the pajeon (vegetable pancake) and it was disastrous.  Now maybe you can fault me and say that when I go to a place called "Bap," I should order the namesake bibimbap.  Ok, that's fair.  
On the other hand, if you can't adequately prepare a dish, don't offer it on your menu!  
This pajeon, a sort of egg+vegetable concoction, was tasteless, utterly without taste!  I couldn't even taste the vegetables that I could actually see in the pancake!  There also appeared to be something similar to cornmeal in the pancake.  
It was like eating fried construction paper. 
Even though I only spent/wasted a little over $5 on this meal, I left the restaurant hungry, disappointed, sad, and livid.  
Not the way that you want to feel when you leave a restaurant.  
Never again, BAP, never againWe trekked down to this hole in the wall after seeing the first reviews on Yelp and it didn't disappoint!  There is no quality place in Center City to get Korean food and it made me really sad.  Bi Bim Bap is so delicious and BAP makes a standard traditional version with all the pickled veggies you could want.  The portion of meat on the dish was a little small for my protein-focused boyfriend so maybe it would be good if they offered a double meat option?  The cinnamon tea was soooo good- I never thought about cinnamon tea before and I'm not sure why it doesn't exist in more places.  Anytime I need some Korean comfort food I will definitely head down to BAP.  It is a little hard to come from afar though because they have very limited seating!  Great for takeout though.Awesome little place, they do a great job focusing on a few classic items. The kimchi was some of the best I've had in CC, service was fast and friendly and the portions were satisfying. Great stuff!Really good service, amazing food with fresh and yummy ingredients, and fast delivery. I love the mushrooms in the bimbibap, and the numerous variety of veggies. Cheap, friendly, and awesome, I love this place!A small, mom and pop type restaurant, this is primarily a takeout place, but it has a few small tables where you can sit and enjoy a meal.
The menu is quite simple - bimibap made with your choice of beef, chicken, tofu, etc. Ordered the beef and was not disappointed! The dish was prepared quickly - fresh ingredients, great taste. Don't miss out on the vegetable pancakes while you're there.Fresh ingredients, lean meat, good size portion, great service, super nice owners...ideal bibimbap aka beefinbop aka bimbimbapAwesome food for excellent price , authentic Korean. Only wish that there was more sauce in the bowl. Will be coming back for sure!!This was a great little spot to get bibimbap. It was fast fresh and very friendly. No nonsense. you go in you order the people are very nice, you get your food and all is good. The food is very very fresh, there is just enough chili sauce, and it is a good amount of food. I would greatly recommend trying this place out for sure.Yummy! Short and sweet menu, which I actually love. It's basically a "pick your protein" kinda deal. Quick service. It's just one store front wide and not very deep... there are 12 seats in the joint. So don't bring the whole family. But for you and a friend or two... this is perfect. I had the special, which was a rice noodle dish, but the standard order is a rice bowl. Nice little, straightforward joint.Truly an awesome little place. I've only done take out and delivery, but I love it. It's my go-to spot. Try to come like once a week now. Super fast, fresh and tasty. It has that comforting Asian flavor and texture without being oily and leaving you feeling gross like some other Asian food (mostly Chinese...). Everyone should definitely give it a try. My only recommendation would be for them to start offering brown rice. Otherwise it's perfect.TALK ABOUT A HIDDEN GEM! I can't believe I didn't discover it sooner, but I'm glad I found it when I did! This place is literally the best, most authentic korean food I've had thus far in philadelphia. They offer only a limited menu of bibimbap (with various proteins), pajeon (scallion pancake), and yuk gae jang (beef stew), but they do it right! I think it's advertised as a take-out joint, but the actual restaurant is a hole in a wall spot on south st that seats about 8-10 people, max. I saw the glowing reviews and though skeptical, decided to bike down here with a friend for dinner and was not disappointed. The pajeon was smaller than I imagined, but delicious and surprisingly filling - certainly enough to hold you over until the main dish. I love traditional bibimbap, and BAP does it SO SO well. I always get the classic marinated beef as my protein, and this particular version comes with soybean, carrots, cucumbers, mushroom, cabbage, a gooey egg, and broccoli! I would HIGHLY recommend paying the extra dollar for the dolsot option to get that crunchy rice on the bottom for more flavor! Love this place and will definitely be back whenever I need my korean food fix! Maybe I'll try the yuk gae jang next time!
TIP: bring cash if you can!Although I read yelp reviews often, I've been holding out on writing any of my own. I finally made an account today just so I can give this place a 5-star rating. The friendly owner and tasty food warmed my cold, cynical heart today. 
My friend and I ordered the Korean savory pancake and the vegetable bimbimbap. The vegetables were fresh and crispy, and the ingredients and flavors were well-balanced. Great little spot for a quick, casual bite to eat. 
What makes this place 5-star worthy was the owner, who was unbelievably accommodating, generous, and friendly. The place has a neighborhood feel that makes it a very welcome addition on South Street. I'll definitely be back!Delicious and authentic! I paid the dollar extra for the stone bowl, and it was worth it: bibimbap almost like I had in Seoul. Only 3 differences: (1) It was larger than the portions I had in Korea, (2) The egg was cooked, not runny or raw, and (3) I had to ask for the (hot) sauce. The homemade tea was good too. The place itself is tiny, and the owner incredibly nice. I would return in a heartbeat.Owner is very friendly, food is great and is made quick. I'm a regular here and love this place. Highly recommend for quick good food.Excellent place to eat
One the thing that I love about this place is that services was on point . 
The menu is small but it is just right , how time do you go some places new and just stare at the menu and get what you normally get everywhere . You see what you and order and it comes out right away.
Love it will be back later in the weekThis is now my favorite place. Third trip since it opened in early December and it's turning into a habit. Healthy, flavorful, food is $5 a bowl and does a decent job filling you up.  For the ravenous, bring a friend and split 3 between you.  Probably the best quality food for the buck in the city.Friendly chef owner, good food, very fair prices, this is now one of my go-to places. I highly recommend it!Being Korean, I love traditional bibimbap, and BAP does it SO SO well. I LOVE the marinated beef and this version comes with a ton of veggies: broccoli. carrots, mushroom, cabbage, an egg of course, and soybeans! I would highly suggest paying an extra buck for that crunchy rice on the bottom! Prices are super cheap and the quality is amazing, food delicious and healthful! Love this place and will definitely be in my Korean food fix rotation.Delicious food! The dolsot is excellent and came out sizzling hot. Great for a cold winter's day. Very spicy. Egg was made to perfection! Great place for folks with lactose intolerance/dairy allergies.Order delivered was incorrect. I ordered 2 beef but the one that is delivered is beef and the other one was a noodle with rice. And I am not a fan of noodle and rice in a meal.They changed the order without informing meTheir bibimbap and their sides were awesome. They had seasonal kimchi - cucumber kimchi to be exact! It was deliciouss just like the cucumber kimchi I had in Korea. Their pajeong (scallion pancake) was also REALLY good albeit a bit different from the ones in Korea. I like this place a lot. Simple interior, set menu, good stuff.I absolutely love this place! The menu is pretty short, sweet, and straight to the point. My boyfriend and I usually order the chicken and beef bibimbap along with a side of kimchi. It's both delicious and inexpensive, I'm surprised that this place isn't packed every time I visit. The owner/chef is a wonderful, talented and kind soul. Give this man your money!Just stopped here after walking past it for the past month. The tofu bibimbap is seriously so good and comforting. The owner is so nice and gracious and made it hot style for us since it was snowing. I can't even explain how good the cinnamon and ginger tea is! I will definitely back there very very soon!I'm SO glad this opened up in my neighborhood! It's a tasty option for those of you missing your korean comfort food. I just hope they start offering a full korean menu! As a SF korean transplant, I miss my mom's cooking and it's so nice to have this nearby. nice so I don't have to go up to North Philly if I don't feel like making the trek.BAP has a delicious meal for anyone on looking for lunch/dinner on South Street. This small shop makes a mean bibimbap, fresh Korean style vegetables and meat over rice, sweet/spicy gochujang sauce topped with a fried egg. I always get the "dolsot" style bibimbap, served in a fired up stone bowl which adds another dimension of heat and flavor. Especially if you've never tried Korean food, this is a good place to start. The owner is friendly, and glad they offer order online for when I'm on the go.Excellent place to get a cheap authentic bibimbap dish on South Street. You can tell the owner really cares about and stands by his product. My food was ready quickly and delicious. it is a small place, but cozy and well decorated. Good for a quick lunch or dinner. Will definitely be back soon.Note: I did takeout (Ubereats). Ordered the beef bowl, but the beef was disappointingly under-marinated - have definitely had better. Also paid an extra $1 for the dolsot (stone pot) style, which produces some crispy rice on the parts of the dish that are supposed to rest in a hot stone bowl for awhile. However, none of that was present in my order either. 
Vegetable pancake was also pretty bland. Total came out to nearly ~$20 just for this lunch w/o delivery costs. Could definitely use some improvements.It isn't easy to find Korean in CC, and the options are so few that we haven't had any bibimbap in....wow, can't even remember! So when I noticed BAP's signage while walking home after grocery shopping, I made a mental note to try them asap since their opening special of $5 bibimbap is awesome!
You can't beat a cheap meal, and especially one that's prepared with obviously fresh vegetables! My husband picked up our dinner right before I got off from work, but it's so cold outside we had to reheat them - thankfully the microwave didn't ruin anything. He got the beef and I opted just for the vegetables, both of which came with an egg. The variety of veggies is great, but most importantly they are clearly fresh, not frozen or canned, and it makes a huge difference with bibimbap. The sauces were good, but I felt like the veggie one lacked a little bit on flavors. Spicy level was minimal when you mixed everything together, so I ended up adding more for myself. We will certainly be back for more yummy, healthy, and quick takeout from this super cute spot!I love this family run Korean restaurant. Super cozy and low key, affordable healthy eats.  Chicken rice bowl was delicious, with sautéed vegetables on the side, a gooey egg, some spiciness.  One of my favorite "off-the-beaten-path" Philly food treasures!I am at peace; the food has a calming effect at the end of the day. Loved it thoroughly.It was my first time eating Korean in the States. I went here based on all the great reviews about this place. they are correct, I hidden gem in downtown Philly. The food is fresh and very good. Your best option is to go as there are only 8 chairs for sit down meals. Great place nice, friendly couple run this restaurant. Even the simple interior has something special. Loved the chairs. I will be backSuper fast, fresh, friendly service, and most importantly, tasty!!  A real hidden gem.  I'm definitely coming back.Oh my! Simple, to the point, what more do you need? Just bibimbap and that's it! Delicious and definitely Korean style. Had the real stuff in Seoul and it's pretty spot on(make sure to get the stone pot)This place serves only a few options of very simple Korean fare, so that's great for folks like me who encounter decision paralysis. They offer bibimbap (well flavored, slightly spicy rice dish with julienned veggies) with your optional protein (chicken, beef, tofu). They also have like two sides and a special. Easy. I ordered the special which was jap chae and my bf ordered the beef bibimbap. Both were solid and filling but nothing mind blowing. But considering the value and that Bap doesn't face much competition in Center City Korean cuisine, I'd definitely return.This place is incredibly good, inexpensive, and has great customer service. I'll be a frequent customer!