Came here for drinks and got pad Thai to go. It is SO good not that I wasn't expecting it to be but since moving here in September I haven't found pad Thai comparable to my old spot. Love!It was to my genuine surprise to discover that a sports bar exists in Chinatown, thanks to the NBA finals! 
I wanted to write this review mostly to note that this place served some of the best sweet potato fries I think I've ever had (which is saying a lot because I'm Korean and Koreans make mean sweet potato everythings). Some friends and I came here to watch Game 3, and it was then that I discovered those deliciously addictive sweet potato fries. To add the cherry on top, it was only $3 off their late night happy hour menu (ka-chinnggg!). 
Everything else about BarLy was just okay in my opinion, but to reiterate, their sweet potato fries really blew me away :)I liked this place!  Who would think you could find a sports bar like this in Chinatown? Good beer selection with good happy hour prices.  I had the spicy chicken sandwich and wasn't disappointed.  What will make this place a regular stop for me is that I frequently visit someone in the apartment building that's above the restaurant so it will be a nice inside walk from elevator to restaurant on those cold winter nights.Interesting place... A little bit of a personality disorder, though. It's kind of a sports bar but kind of Asian restaurant and then kind of an Asian pub. Good beer selection. The Nutella creme brûlée was pretty great.New fav sports bar. Good food, great tvs, late night happy hour. 
Mediocre service is what put a small damper on this place.Food was expensive. Not good. Got wings. They were bland and burnt. Flat bread tasted like dough and cheese. Service sucks ass. The only reason it got 2star is because the drinks were good. Never going backA sportsbar in Chinatown? I love it. Great beer selection and super cheap happy hr food specials.  The bacon wrapped quail eggs are a must!One of the worst experiences we have had.they might have 60 beers, but after 45 minutes of waiting for a hamburger and a ham sandwich and just water, we walked out.
The services was terrible. Never to return again.awesome bar good happy hour from 10-12 for young adults that ACTUALLY have a job..cheap food but super delicious. D and Jamie were awesome bartenders. such a good timeNear place, nice size and convenient location. My friend and I just enjoyed drinks but others seemed to be enjoying their food. Staff is very friendly and knowledgable, especially of their beer selection. Mixed drinks are a little smaller than average.This is hands down my favorite Philadelphia hang. Mix Asian food with traditional American Bar fare, plus a huge beer selection and and amazing drinks... can't be beat. Plus Curtis and the other bar servers are super nice and know their stuff. Ultra highly recommended.HUGE fan of their happy hour! I went with a friend and tried what felt like almost everything! We got dumplings, spring rolls, chips and salsa, tacos, more dumplings and two flights of wine for $35 total. So inexpensive, even for happy hour! 
The service was very quick - we had two servers checking in on us consistently. Everyone was very friendly and all smiles. 
The food was good; nothing out of the ordinary or spectacular, but definitely you'd expect for this kind of sports bar. 
I imagine this place is also great on game day because there are TVs everywhere! Definitely worth the visit, especially during happy hour!Like all bars, its noisy. But, I always go with a wishful thinking hoping theres going to be a good crowd of people off all ages. With my luck, its usually close to never needs well with me. Something always rub me the wrong way. I might be a little bias but, I was never a fan of bars, i feel like its a "groupy" thing. 
I scooped out the place,  it turns out I know one of the bartenders there. That part was very nice. We did a lot chatting which distracted me from rushing my friends to leave. 
  Here's where my head starts to turn. I ordered a glass of wine of their finest domestic cheap wine. hahaha. Im not a beer drinker nor a fan of heavy liquor. The wine snob that I am will just have to settle for the blah stuff. :( 9$ for a glass of woodbridge is outrageous. It's domestic stuff! i think that price could buy me the entire bottle with change back. Grrrr. 
  This where I had to walk away. ( i understand mistakes and accidents happens.)
I'm very observant with anything that touches my mouth. With that said, there was a lipstick stain on my glass. i didn't make a big deal about it. i just had to let him know so they could pour me a new glass in a different glass. FML... the owner Tammy came over took my glass, licked the lipstick stain off in front of me, then slid my glass back to me thinking it was okay. lol
Enough said. im done with this place. sorry!A great happy hour spot. Nice specials on food and drinks, good atmosphere. The  staff is cool &friendly.BarLy is a bar that also has an expansive menu of foods that range from burgers to pizza to skewers to sushi to pad thai.  And they have Tuesday Quizzo and regular and late-night happy hours.  They also apparently do karaoke, if you're into that kinda stuff.
The beers selection is pretty good, with a variety of breweries and styles on draft (about a dozen) and in bottles.  They also have other beverages, but if you're going to a sports bar for its wines or cocktails, then you're doing something wrong and someone should tell you that.
I have tried a few of the food dishes and, as one would expect from a such an overreaching menu, they were not particularly impressive; nor were they particularly disappointing.  Tables are stocked with a variety of condiments, so you can always just make your meal Sriracha flavored.  
Service is prompt and friendly.  Prices are very reasonable.  If you're in a large group, they have absolutely no problem tracking and providing individual checks, which is a blessing, as it avoids those stupid and tired discussions about who got what and how much they owe and how about that person that left early and how much tip should be left and all that nonsense.  Seriously, give thanks.Hamburgers, fried noodles, beer, chicken wings, and oysters -- a unique combination!
Last week was my first time back to this establishment since it re-opened a couple of months back, and I've dined there a total of 4 times already.  Bar-ly suits my cravings because there are days when I crave a hamburger with a Leffe Blonde (excellent belgian), and then there are days when I feel like having pan-fried udon with a Leffe Blonde.  So whatever is called for, Bar-ly is able to satiate my appetite.
Another staple from Bar-ly's menu:  Sriracha wings.  The wings appear to be an iteration of Korean style wings -- double fried then finished with a coating of sauce. Bottom line is Bar-ly's wings are a successful iteration, and I'm glad I do not have to drive to SoHo for wings anymore.  
Oysters.  Growing up right outside of New Orleans, I'm accustomed to $0.25 per oyster;  Bar-ly, however, is the closest thing to that.  Although the oysters are $1.00 a piece here, one would be hard pressed to find another establishment that can match Bar-ly's pricing.  There are typically two choices of oysters, and I usually order both just for the heck of it. 
Bar-ly's food and beer selection, in my opinion, were wisely chosen to compliment each other.  This combined with an upbeat, fun, and welcoming atmosphere is what brings me back to Bar-ly on a weekly basis.This place is weird.
A group of us came in because we heard about all the beers on tap.  Most of the group are beer snobs, so we were ready to drink whatever they had.  The place was relatively quiet on a Saturday night, which was nice.  We were seated immediately and given the beer list, which is quite extensive.  They had some nice selections on there, so naturally I went with the one with the highest content on the menu - the Ommegang Three Philosophers.  I was pretty surprised when the drink came out in a regular pint glass - not at all what I was expecting.  A few others in the group had the same thing happen.  Don't think I'm complaining about this - I am happy to suck down 2x the amount of beer than what I was supposed to be served.  Thank you for the mistake!
We didn't get any food here, but the menu looked pretty good.  
I'm honestly not sure if I'll be back in the future - the beers were great, prices were good, but the place really lacked any ambiance.  The whole concept of this bar is kind of all over the place (sports bar, craft beer, Asian fusion/bar food menu?), but that's also what makes it neat, I guess.  
I don't really know how I feel about this place!Its OK - They have a big beer list but its mostly national brews which is OK.
The food was OK as well. They have nice variety. 
The best part is its big. We have a group of about 8 and they sat us really fast and our waitress was awesome.Poor service. Long wait.  Waitress with attitude. Of the bad kind.   Only one visit. Maybe off nightcame here for late night happy hour with a group of friends before heading over to the trestle inn. there was some food truck event happening in chinatown that night and the restaurant was extremely busy and packed. our group of about 7 were seated pretty quickly though and the service was good...not great...but not bad either. our waitress was really nice and the prices were ridiculously cheap! i'd try the place again but maybe when they're not so busy.Neat concept. Came here on a friday night at about 730. The servers were so slow and it took forever to get any of our food. Waiting at least 15 to 20 minutes for a beer also became normal to us.Happy hour 3:30-6:30
Variety of food, most pretty inexpensive but small. We had steamed shrimp dumplings (meh), fried chicken dumplings (ok), chopped Tokyo salad (nothing to write home about, dressing good), cheesesteak spring rolls were good (side of Cheese Wiz needed to be 2x bigger), skewers of need and chicken (decent). Someone else at the table got the lo mein, which smelled awesome. 60 beers on tab. Full bar. Waitress had some trouble understanding the difference between a screwdriver and orange vodka on the rocks, but she took it off the bill, which was nice. Vodka pours are small and it's easy to drop $100 between food and beer/booze b/c the plates are small.
Restaurant looks nice but is noisy, hard to hear table conversation. Lots of TVs. Bathrooms are clean but smell strongly of varnish from reclaimed pallets I suspect.I would recommend this spot for the beer selection and the cocktail menu. I love that they had a lambic fruit beer so that's what I chose. I was also tempted by some pretty tasty looking cocktails, although I didn't have any so I can't speak for them. It also would be a great place to gather and watch a game on one of their many Tvs.
Unfortunately, my friend and I were primarily here for dinner and the food is where Bar-ly falls very short. The food is Asian-American Bar Food. Their happy hour menu was so intriguing as it had prices ranging from about $1.50-$5.00 and a few items listed under each. We ended up getting fries, for maybe $2.50, Fried Calamari for I think $3.50, Crab Ravioli, maybe $4 and Vegetable Lo mein for $5. The fries were good. The lo mein was the second best part but didn't taste any better than an average takeout lo mein. The calamari was in these little strips that kind of looked like funnel cake. Basically just tasted like salt with a hint of seafood. And the crab ravioli was not ravioli. It was wonton wrappers filled with cream cheese and sparse crab covered in some odd orange sauce. Nope. Not for me. 
I'd suggest sticking to drinks.Holy moly that's a big TV! How haven't I been to this fun bar before right next to the Trocadero and in the heart of Chinatown! An unbelievable draft selection including la fin du monde which is one of my favorite beers and hard to find. I didn't have a chance to try the food but everything that came out of the kitchen looked good and the service was very friendly!Good food, good beer list, a little loud for lunch but I don't mind. What sucks is the fries, they seem like a McDonald's cut and overcooked. They need to change their fries. The cheesesteak was good and I've had over 40 different cheesesteaks by now.The Tilapia Fish Burger is absolutely terrible. I gagged several times attempting to eat it. The table service is extremely slow.
However, if you sit at the bar, you get better service. The Bar Ly burger is actually not bad.this update is the result of their quizzo. i added a star because we did embarrassingly poorly and they were gracious enough not to openly mock us. the boy named us Team Rocket, then drew a rocket next to our team name, then wrote "blasting off at the speed of light!" it was a joke; we understand basic science. unfortunately i think we came in dead last, so the moderator likely has every reason to believe that doodle was in earnest. 
this leads me to a relevant warning about the cocktail Double Dragon. the boy thought Tony Abbott was from Lebanon after one of these. I tried it myself during another visit, for science. The pineapple garnish lives in a pitcher of viciously strong alcohol. the bartender who served me said: "it will wake you up", and then suggested that i chase the pineapple with the drink which also seems to contain something like 5 different liquors. so, you know, you will not recognize your world leaders after one of these. 
one day i will return to bar-ly to vanquish quizzo, or so i like to think. in the mean time my only other advice remain the same: steer clear of raw foods (sushi especially), everything else seem to be competent, Double Dragons are deadly, the end.Shots shots shots shots...
Killer wings, hefty nachos, many delicious beers (60 taps!) 
Also. 
Shots.Friendly staff, great deal.  They have happy hour every day from 3pm - 6:30. They have a good beer selection and apps too. 
We ordered calamari,  corn skewer,  and bacon wrapped quail egg skewers.  All were pretty good.  The calamari was only $3.50 during happy hour!  Yummy!I wasn't here for long, but it seemed to be a decent sports bar to gather to watch a game and/or have a few drinks with buddies.  The food was nothing to write about, good or bad, but the drinks were definitely on point (both beers & cocktails).  I would definitely like to try this bar again for a lengthier amount of time to give it a more thorough review, although, generally, I agree with its current ~3.5-star rating.I like the concept - chinese food and good beer are two of my favorite things in life and what could be better idea than to have both in the same place?    
HOWEVER, the service sucks a giant egg roll.    Ate here on a slow, rainy Tuesday.  The place was no more than 1/4 of the way full.  It was a slow night.  After waiting about 15-20 minutes to order, I finally got up and ordered my food at the hostess stand.  wtf.   I had heard service was pretty abysmal and the reviews on here seem to support that, but I had hoped that since this place has been open for a bit now, that service had improved.
Go if you have more patience than I do.  The food we ordered was pretty good and came out fast - thai curry mussels, wasabi shumai, beef udon noodles, and duck dumplings.   But after it arrived, we never saw the waitress again.  In fact, I'm not even sure we had a waitress or a waiter.Pretty nice place. Simple gastropub/bar, most of the foods are asian influenced bar foods. 
Clean and good customer service, everyone was just so nice and friendly! Fairly priced bar food/appetizers. 
I tried the kimchi pizza which was surprising good, but not amazing. I don't know if I would order it again but curiosity is what got me in the first place so I just wanted to try it. 
A friend order the mussels which had good flavor but they use the asian style mussels which are larger, more orange, and contain more of the sea flavor. I don't care for those asian mussels but the flavor of the sauce was delish! 
I would go back again if it was convenient.New and improved, formerly Tazia. The beer selection is awesome and decently priced. They kept some of my favorite things about the place--happy hour on weekdays from 3:30-6:30pm and again from 10pm-12am on most nights, as well as some of great things on the menu (calamari, edamame, and dumplings). In addition to the great selection of beers they added new things to the menu that are decent. You should definitely try their mini-banh mi and the quail egg wrapped in bacon :) 
The service has been decent. Since they re-opened, they've hired new people and it was clear there was a learning curve. However, it's gotten a lot better the past few times I'he gone back. When it's busy, it can get really tough to get their attention though.
Also a great place to watch sports. It gets really packed during big events so I'd get in early if you want a place!Service: Admittedly, myself and seven drunken college kids came here for happy hour a while back and the servers were more than accommodating. We got our food and drink, ate, and left within an hour and ended up paying less than $25 per person. I'm still in awe about my experience here. 
Food: I got several of the skewers and the calamari. My favorite were the quail egg skewers. What made me ecstatic, was that I probably ate twice as much as I should have, but still only managed to spend about $20-25. One would think quality would take a hit with prices that low but that is definitely not the case at BarLy. 
Environment: I came in expecting the typical golden tapestry and dragons just like almost every other restaurant or bar in Chinatown. Nope. This is a sports bar and a real one at that. TV screens and wooden furnishing everywhere. We unfortunately didn't have enough time to relax, but I will definitely be back for another happy hour when I have more time to kill.Happy hour in Chinatown? Why not....I live on the edge anyway, plus the advertised specials written on the windows were inviting.
TVs everywhere! There had to be no less than 15 huge TVs in this medium size bar! You hear that every bar in TX??? Take note, please! 
2 seats at the bar - Curtis was our bartender. He was the BEST part of our visit, although the Great Lakes Porter he recommended was a close second. The calamari was weird, thin, small strips like shoestring fries - skip them - but the sweet potato fries were good. Service was on point; there when we needed him and not there when we wanted to hangout. Answered questions and gave us advice about the city (thanks for telling us we missed the free food at the fall festival, Curtis)
3 beers, 2 apps = $20 plus tip. That's a pretty good deal for decent food, good beer and great service. Recommended!OK so here's the sitch! I am not a big bar guy as I tend to dislike drunk people,  overly loud music, and on any given night the vast majority of humanity. So this is not my kind of place and admittedly that colors my opinion.
That being said,  this place is a Dragon Ball Z fusion gone horribly wrong.  The bar makes the dining area look like an after thought. In fact if they didn't have a window advertisement for my favorite Japanese beer I wouldn't have stopped in at all. 
It's very "trendy". I did get my beer,  and ordered an appetizer,  this is where things got weird.  I ordered steamed dumplings, what arrived was gyoza. I looked at the waiter  (absolutely no personality BTW), then I looked at the menu.  Gyoza wasn't even on the menu!  Which meant that's what they were serving as dumplings *banged head on keyboard* 
Against my better judgement I ordered dinner but decided to play it safe after the "dumplings". So I went with the teriyaki chicken. It was a HUGE portion of baked chicken covered in Buffalo Wild Wings "asain zing" sauce.  I don't mean something similar,  I mean the exact same sauce! 
All in all not the best place for dinner.  Maybe if you're into the loud and rowdy scene this will be your place,  but to quote Detective Murtaugh from Lethal Weapon. I'm too old for that @$!#This place has changed their names and food more than any other place I know.  Does it get better nah!!!  Save your money and go somewhere that's more consistent.
There drinks are weak the food pricey. 
Go if you must but only for happy hour. Other than that not worth it.Looking for one last stop near our hotel, we came into BarLy. And it did its job. 
Place isn't anything special, but if you're looking to just get a drink, it'll do the job. The beer selection didn't rock my world, but they did have one seasonal beer I was excited to see on the menu. 
It's an alright spot, but don't expect any magic here.Love this place! They have a great selection of beer and prices aren't bad. There are huge TVs covering the walls, so if you're into sports, I imagine it's a good place to watch games.
The happy hour special is a good for both drinks and food. Try the bacon wrapped quail egg! 
The bartenders are always friendly and attentive. My friends and I were doing the World's Largest Bar Crawl a few weeks ago,  and I called ahead with a question. The person who answered the phone didn't know,  but he offered to find out for me if I called back in a few minutes. Typically, if people don't know the answer, that'll be it. I was just pleasantly surprised.The ups?  Great location, LOVE the daily double happy hour deals ($3 select beers/cheap appetizers), decent food, nice beer selection, yadda yadda yadda. 
The downs?  The service sucked!
I was there on a Wednesday afternoon - the place was crowded but there did seem to be a lot of staff running around. My friends and I sat at the bar - clearly visible to the bartenders, however, it took forever to get our drinks, and we were only drinking beer.  Imagine if we were ordering crazy cocktails or something! And I get it - it's busy, but it was still an unreasonable amount of time to have to wait for each round.  Plus the lack of eye contact, smile, nod - not even an "I'll be right with you" type of thing.  Not quite a deal breaker, but it was a total turn off.    
I will go back because I did like it a lot, but I will keep my fingers crossed that service is better and the bartenders are more efficient next time.I love this bar for its food and drink specials but the servers are a different story. I came in here for just a drink and some quail eggs and we had a server that not only got off his shift and sat at the bar to start drinking as we're still waiting on our food, but then we had to flag someone else down since our table was left without any service for almost half an hour. Mind you, this was a Wednesday night so there were maybe 10 patrons inside the entire place. 
On top of having to get up and flag a server down, he came over and rolled his eyes at us when we told him we asked the original server for separate checks. 
Get it together, guys! Your beer selection and food is way too great to have these type of people working at your bar.Yoo hoo! Great place to watch sporting events and even better place to down some good food while watching those sporting events.First experience, five stars. Second experience, wtf. This is long, bear with me. I was hungry and pissed. That's pissed x2.
My first time here was cool. It was pretty busy as it was during happy hour. I loved the prices and selection, the food and drinks were good. I thought I found my new spot.
UNTIL - I tried to put more of my friends on to this place and it was a major fail. My friends and I (5 of us) drove here on this particular day and parked in a lot around the corner for the hour. We assumed we would only need the hour because it was almost 1pm on a Sunday and BarLy was EMPTY. One of my friends also had a 2pm Greyhound to catch so the hour was all we really had. When we got inside, it was 12:59pm. I didn't feel the need to let them know we only had an hour because there were literally only two other people in the whole spot.
It was randomly freezing outside so I was entirely shocked when the employee glanced around the entire EMPTY room and sat us at the table RIGHT NEXT TO the door. Okay. We asked to move of course.
We ordered around 1:06pm (I was on snapchat heavy during this experience so I was able to provide the receipts on how ridiculous this experience was when I confronted them later on. Thanks snap!) and we all ordered small things. Wings, dumplings, fries. That's about it.
The water service was impeccable. Every time I took a sip, the girl was right over me refilling that sip. Every. Time.
1:30pm - No food. So I ask about it "oh it should be coming out soon."
1:40pm - Two plates of wings come out, without the side of fries. There's still 3 plates that are nowhere to be found. At this point we had to ask for the rest of the food to come out boxed and the check.
1:50pm - The fries come out. Still waiting on the rest of the food.
We literally didn't get the food until almost 2 o'clock. My whole thing is, we came together. We want to eat together. What makes you think we wanted our plates to come out 20 minutes apart, I do not understand. IT IS EMPTY IN HERE.
When I confronted the staff, I got a lot of shocked faces and "oh my goodness!" exclamations. The excuse was that they were preparing for a huge party and the kitchen was backed up. I personally don't care about the party that was not there considering .. they were not there. If the kitchen was backed up someone should have told us that so I didn't have to waste my time. When I asked to speak to a manager, I was denied, but was told by our waiter (a guy) that he wouldn't charge my friend for the bottle of water she ordered (LOL WTF) and he would give us a discount. The bill came, no discount.
After all that, I couldn't eat with my friends, had to eat my wings separate from my fries, was annoyed by the water girl, saw no manager and only got a free bottle of water. What is the joke? Never coming here again.Best sports bar in Chinatown. Food is asian fusion pub fare. Plenty of seating and TVs to watch sports.Wow, move over Tazia, because Barly is the place to be. Sixty beers on tap in Chinatown? I am in heaven. This place has a great Asian-inspired menu with plenty of bar snacks that will suit anybody. 
I had the most original and amazing dish here: KIMCHI PIZZA! I swear, it sounds gross, but it was so good. Topped with a little bit of sriracha and my taste buds were flying! 
Tazia absolutely needed a renovation and I think they went in the right direction. I am not a fan of sports bars and the number of TV's in here is distracting and overwhelming, but I'm sure this is a huge plus for sports fans. I think this would be a perfect place for happy hour, but not if you are looking for a quiet dinner. Either way, I can't wait to have my kimchi pizza again!I want to like this place. I really do. It's right down the street from my place, and it looks so nice inside, but I just can't. It's always something in here. This most recent visit for happy hour and to watch the world cup, I had the joy of a drink broken and spilled all over me by the bartender. Ok. Stuff like that happens. I get it. He was apoplectic. In any other instance that's happened, I've been at least comped a drink. Here? Nothing. Just a pair of wet shorts to walk around in the rest of the night. After complaining, and a confused look from the manager, I was given a minor discount off the bill.  Thanks for the great customer service. (Sarcasm) 
With all the other places in the area, go somewhere that makes decent food, has decent beer, and cares about their customers.Now, I must preface this review with the fact that I do not usually write reviews; however, when one receives exceptional service I feel that those responsible should be acknowledged and Jaime, the bartender at Bar-Ly, is perhaps the best I have ever encountered. She is efficient, knowledable, and personable. Do yourself a favor and go to Bar-Ly and see Jaime, you won't be sorry.Pretty good list of beer on tap, especially for a sports bar.  Lots of variety.
A lot of TVs, all high up, so you can see them even if there are a lot of people in the way.  When we were there, there was an arm wrestling competition on, super strange, but mesmerizing.  
We came by here after checking out the tattoo convention.  It seemed a lot of other people did too, as it was packed.  Service was a bit slower than I would have liked, especially because we had a train to catch, but I'm sure this was due to the unexpectedly large crowd.  
There aren't many beer bars in this area, so I would definitely give this place a try again.  I can't see myself ever eating here, because there is way too much good food in this area.Good service,  great place to watch a game,  comfortable unlike other sports bars in the city,  really good happy hour,  good value,  a lot of different beers on tap.... only negative,  some of the food is hit or miss,  but everything else is fantasticThey have around 60 beers on tap and their 50/50 burger (half beef and half pork belly) is incredibly understated, more delicious than most burgers I've had in the city, and it's only 9 dollars.  They have great happy hours too.Went here for the first time yesterday to kill some time before the Chris D'Elia show at the Troc. Pretty neat place with a great atmosphere. A lot of beers to choose from (another plus). After ordering a drink, we got some food. The mini nacho bowl was huge, but that's at. Not enough cheese or toppings. My buffalo chicken bites tasted like they came from a frozen box and the chicken was a bit chewy or freezer burned. So if you're looking for a good spot for happy hour then Bar-Ly is definitely a great place. For food, I'd probably head anywhere else.Touted as the only sports bar in Chinatown, and that is definitely true. Not a sports fan but it's an exciting environment nonetheless. A TON of great beers on draft and the Happy Hour menu is amazing. They also do a fantastic booze soaked pineapple shot- not sure what exactly is in it- but it's potent! 
Favorite dishes- bacon wrapped soft boiled quail eggs, shrimp pouches, beef skewers, and the electric lemonade!!Fun sports bar with great beers and decent food. Service was quick and attentive..I would come back .. good mix of clienteleI come to Bar-Ly really often and always sit at the bar with Jaime. She is so delightful and always knows my drink without me even asking. I rarely have to wait long for a drink and she is so personable.  I have also came to Bar-Ly and sat at tables and had not such exemplary service. We waited a long time for drinks and food. Jaime is definitely an asset to your restaurant.For so many 60? taps, the beer selection was not that great. I'd say only about 20% were out of the ordinary. The happy hour draft selections(3$) sucked for the most part, and are served in 12 oz. glasses, not pints. My Sixpoint Sweet Action tasted like the taps hadn't been cleaned in a while. Shawnee fared a bit better as one of the more interesting( non happy hour) choices.
The food looked O.K. Nothing about this place really appealed to me except maybe the TVs. Too bad they were all tuned into sports channels. Oh right, this is a sports bar. Or is it an Asian fusion gastropub? I don't think so, but I'll pass on by as I usually do on my frequent stops in Chinatown.This place has the best happy hour in the city of Philadelphia. And the best happy hour menu . Went there with 3 friends we paid less than 40 bucks drinks were flowing food was coming so inexpensive but high quality. Definitely try the sliders amazing. If you're talking about a sports bar this is sports bar on steroids they got TV's and side of TV's they took a whole bunch of TV's and made a big TV it's amazing if you're into sports this is your kind of place. If you're into happy hour which is every day every day you've got to try this place out 330 to 630 wonderful.Excellent atmosphere, great happy hour, excellent bar tenders.  Flat screens throughout the bar, plenty of seating.  Highly recommended to have drinks.This is the place for a Philly cheese steak and great service. Forget going to Geno's or Pat's across from Geno's.  Bar Ly cheese steak sandwich taste like real steak, the bread was soft, and the steak had flavor.This is just a review on the happy hour menu and pricing. 
Three of us went here for some happy hour drinks and appetizers and were more than happy. The prices were awesome, $47 for three people for 6 drinks and four appetizers, not bad for center city. The Martinis were strong and delicious, we had the electric lemonade and them luscious lychee. For food we tried the cheesesteak spring rolls, sweet wings, fried calamari, and shrimp dumplings. The spring rolls were way better than many other variations I've had of the same, as they are were fried well and not filled with anything other than some delicious gold old cheesesteak meat.  The wings were definitely the star, as they were fried crispy and had just enough sauce on them. The dumplings were pretty good, nothing fancy, but definitely tasty. I'm not a fan of calamari, but there were no complaints from the others. 
Definitely a nice atmosphere and the bartenders were extremely friendly and attentive. Will most definitely be back again!I'm familiar with the previous entities at this location, and after hearing it was being remade into a bar with 60 beers on tap, I was excited to check it out on its opening day.
The good; This place has happy hour on weekends. That's pretty clutch. Not many places in the have this. Happy hour prices are very reasonable too - and include some small food dishes.
It does have 60 beers on tap, but nothing too wild. Prices on the beer is priced well for the most part. There are some beers that are usually more expensive other places, that are cheaper here - but other generic beers that are usually cheaper elsewhere (A pint of Miller Light, or Yuengling really shouldn't be 5$ in my opinion.) 
The waitstaff was incredibly friendly and attentive.
I'm digging the way they redid the place with all the wood. It looks nice! Lots of TVs to watch sports on. It seems this place is geared to being a sports bar, not a fancy beer place as one might have assumed by the name and the amount of beers on tap.
The not so good; The food was only so-so. The menu seems to be a mix of Asian and American dishes - similar to the previous places here. I will say, its kinda nice going to a sports bar with other choices then just fried whatevers and nachos.  
The kitchen. Maybe it was because they're still getting their stuff in order, but after 30 minutes of not getting my Spicy Tuna Roll, I told them to just forget about it. The table next to us had issues too.
In short. Would I come here for dinner? Nah. 
Would I come here for happy hour? Maybe...Why not. I live down the street and is very convenient. 
Would I come here to watch a game with friends? Yup.
Im sure ill be trying it again. Hopefully some of the kinks will be worked out by then.This is a very run of the mill sports bar located just north of the convention center. Service was decent, but the food was very uninspired.Don't be deceived or waste your time here for restaurant week.  
Service was terrible when the restaurant was about 10 percent to capacity.  The waiters were either standing around talking or nowhere to be found. We had to chase down our waiter to order.  Beers took approximately 20 minutes to arrive. Then, it took them 45 minutes, even after complaining to the wait staff, to serve us our appetizers. We waited an additional 30-40 minutes between the last 3 courses. 
The restaurant week menu was average for everything but the main course. Both the lobster and crab dishes were horribly over cooked. The meat was either boiled off or boiled to a rubbery substance. 
Total cost of a restaurant week menu order + 1 beer = $50. Never again. If I could give this restaurant zero stars I would.Needed a quick happy hour spot near Field House, and this amazing gem appeared on my Yelp app. And I thank you for recommending it!
Many affordable food and drink options, and most under $5. Easy on my wallet, not so easy on what to decide. Our table of three decided to get a mix of everything: crab ravioli, spicy tuna roll, salmon roll, duck dumplings, and some spring rolls. Sushi was less than par, but the crab ravioli and dumplings were dee-vine. Delicious, rich morsels of flavor. 
Oh, and how could I forget the beer menu? I hope they keep my favorites on there: La fin du monde, three philosophers, and chimay tripel. I love my Belgians. These beers weren't on special, but go ahead and treat yourself. :)The best place to go for happy hour drinks with your friends or co workers! Amazing drink specials, delicious affordable appetizers and wonderful service. Formerly Tazia, Bar-Ly is managed by the  same owner and has some new additions to space but still those familiar touches that made you love Tazia in the first place. Amazing. Enjoy!Came here for hh. The drinks were okay as the prices are great but the quality, not so much. I ordered the pineapple martini and there wasn't much pineapple in it. I got the wings which were on the small side and fries. The fires were alright. This places seems great as there is lot of hh food items and drinks. I would explore other places. The service was alright though.A hidden gem.. Great drink and food specials everyday 330-630.. Food is decent for the price.. Great atmosphere to watch the games!  We will definitely be backSolid happy hour and great atmosphere. A typical bar selection for food with an Asian twist on some items... And surprisingly some of the best pizza in the immediate area (after the terminal closes). The beer selection is where BarLy really shines. While it's not all craft, there are a few rarities and lots of local/regional beers. I would love to see PBC beers on tap here in the future. There are also standard beers that will please your Midwestern dad, too, so everyone in your party can be happy. 
The place is family owned and operated, so don't be surprised to experience service similar to smaller restaurants. Lots of people check in on you throughout your meal that aren't your waiter, often including the owner himself.
Overall, great place to grab a beer and food and usually easier to find a spot here than field house, which is the most comparable bar nearby. Also much more affordable than FH!
To other reviewers: don't try to order off the happy hour menu when it's not happy hour and get upset when it's not granted. This seems obvious to me, but I guess the concept doesn't click with some?Seems like a good place to meet, but i would eat somewhere else before coming.  
We stopped by for a quick meal here since it's close to the train station and had a varied menu. We had calamari, Caesar salad, wings and chicken fingers with fries. None of the dishes had flavor and actually all tasted the same (like oil). 
Keeping in mind this is more of a sports bar than a family dining place I wanted to give this place a break. But after reviewing the craft beer list (nothing special - pretty mainstream stuff here) I was let down again. 
Final straw, was the condition of the washroom. I can't think of a better term than nasty!
I give it two stars - if you come on a full stomach and you bring friends you'll be ok. Just drink and watch the game.Came here on opening day.  Great spot for an American sports bar atmosphere to watch the games, definitely a better alternative than Field House down the block.  However, that's about it.  
Plus: 
Atmosphere  - beautiful wood floors, decor, tables & chairs.  
Service - was greeted immediately upon entrance.  Also our waitress was very very sweet, very attentive, and always checked back on us.  Even for opening day, you would expect the servers to be crazy busy and hectic, but that was not the case.  She was great!
Duck Dumplings - the duck was really tasty inside the dumpling with great flavor, but the mushroom sauce on top was way too salty.  
Minus:
Draft beer selection - this was the biggest let-down of the entire place.  I was so excited for 60 taps, probably the largest in the city next to city tap house in university city.  I was very disappointed..  they had 60 taps of your usual suspects .  Sure, they covered all basis (wheats, IPAs, ales, lagers, stouts), but out of 60 taps, NOTHING was rare, everything you can find in the corner beer store.  Check the beer menu of the photo I uploaded... out of 60 beers, nothing rare for the "gastropub beer snob" like me.  
Glassware - another downfall... for 60 draft beers, I would expect to be served in the proper glassware.  Yes, I know, this is a sports bar and not a gastropub, but if you are promoting 60 taps, you should be aware that you're going to attract some avid beer drinkers.  My Three Philosophers served in an iced beer mug was just plain strange, and almost unacceptable.  Get some tulip glasses, rocks glasses, or hell even a wine glass!
Food Menu - the menu is all over the place. Its an odd mix of American vs. Chinese.  You can get anything from burgers to cheesesteaks to pizza to dumplings to lo mein.  Very odd.  I would recommend finding a niche in one or the other.
Overall, the service was fantastic, and the atmosphere was great.  The huge flat-screen TVs were great to watch sports games.  The food, just OK, and the beer selection sub-par.  I'd come back to party with friends, but I won't come back if I'm looking for a good meal or rare beers.Great place to watch a game. Not as great if you have anything else on your agenda. 
TVs are everywhere and they get every single channel, so you're guaranteed to catch any event your heart desires - from football to cricket to the international crocheting championship. They have a lot of beer available (60 taps!), though for having so many taps, the actual selection could be better. Food is interestingly mediocre at best (the Asian fusion stuff), and blandly forgettable at worst (the typical bar food). Nothing on the menu I would particularly recommend, this is just fare that you absentmindedly consume during commercial breaks anyway. There is happy hour every day, specials for big sports nights, and frequently a late night happy hour.
This isn't your scene if you're trying to play the role of a foodie or a beer snob. But if you're looking for a nice space to yell in unison and slap palms with other sports fans, Bar Ly is a fun time! 
(then walk ten steps in any direction for much tastier food)This is a cool place.   It has a wall of beers on tap.  The food is really good.   I've been there a few times.  The ill-named 50/50 burger (so-called b/c is half beef and half pork belly).  I also life the salt and pepper wings and the lo mein is fantastic.Where do I start?! I love coming to barly the atmosphere is great the staff are welcoming and not overwhelming. The food is great! I've tried almost everything on their menu and was not disappointed. The drinks are good and wide selection on beers. They have great happy hours! I highly recommend this place.I stumbled on this place by accident in philly. I ordered the suck pizza which left something to be desired. Ehhhh...This place is just meh. I came here twice and the place has a good vibe and beer selection but the food is mediocre at best. Had the barly burger and it was quite dry, the fries were soggy, and the mozzarella sticks tasted something like from the microwave.Me and my girlfriend went for a happy hour. The food was delicious. We had the golden bags,  vegetable spring rolls, and chicken bites. They were definitely well priced and cooked perfectly.  However, the service was below average.  The amount of patrons to bartenders was almost the same yet I had to wait a decent amount to get attention of the bartender serving me. Plus, they were not friendly to talk to giving short responses and the feeling they were snobby. I'd like to try this again when there is something more exciting like sunday football where it could be busier and the atmosphere may be improved. Overall, happy hour food was great. Service below average.This was not good.
Happy hour on a Wednesday- place was maybe 1/3 full and service was really slow. Drinks were fine.
Buffalo chicken bites- all breading, no heat at all
Mushroom dumplings- could have bought them at costco
Calamari- mostly salt, not much squid
Summer rolls- mostly lettuce, shrimp may have been imitation so I picked it out
I feel like this place would be on one of those food network shows that comes in to fix a place that thinks it's good but really it is terrible.I love this bar, and will go out of my way to end the night here. Prices are good, their food is AMAZING, a huge selection of beer on tap, and great service. Tons of TVs and lively atmosphere during sporting events. You might consider getting there early, though, as it gets pretty busy, but for good reason, and it's totally worth it.This place has typical Chinese restaurant offerings but caters a little more to Americans. There is a large bar and plenty of tv's with sports channels. It is quite spacious with large windows. They have a fairly decent drink selection but the food was nothing special. If you are looking for something a bit more authentic with food that isn't bland, I would probably choose another one of the many restaurants in Chinatown.Stopped in here to pre-game before the Eagles game. Awesome beer .great appetizers and friendly staff. Definitely worth a stop.2 and a half stars, maybe.
Came here for the first Eagles game of the season, and it was packed. Pretty much your run-of-the-mill sports bar, with a decent amount of seating and a decent beer selection. TVs everywhere. So why the 'meh' review, you might ask?
The service was slow and spotty, which is understandable considering how many people were there for the game, buuuuut... kinda seems like the kind of place that should be used to crowds/should have figured out how to deal by now.
Secondly, the food menu is oddly diverse, but I couldn't bring myself to try any food since the girls that we met there said they had just seen a mouse scurry across the floor moments prior to our arrival. I get it, we're in a city, these things happen, but still. I'll pass. 
Finally, the only drink specials for the game were coors light and Heineken, neither of which I'm a huge fan of. 
SoooOOo in conclusion, I'm thinkin I'll be heading elsewhere for the next game.