I love this spot, right in center city. Sure after a couple of drinks you might miss the sign outside and no one understands that we're going to 'Bar' doesn't mean a bar, it means BAR. 
I was introduced to picklebacks here. Bartenders are easy going and quick. No frills needed. And I've never made it upstairs..but the downstairs can certainly be fun. Great craft beers available.So I wrote a quick tip expressing how I wish they had food at the bar and then the awesome bartender came over and said we should go get take out and bring it back to the bar!  So that's exactly what we did!
Go here if you are getting down and dirty with your beer drinking self.  Jon M. and I had some new, fun beer as well as some good old fashioned PBR pounders.  
People were getting rowdy, but it wasnt' a bother.  Bartenders were fun to talk to, comfy seats, somewhat clean bathrooms.  This is a fun dive bar.  Period.Went here for a chill hang with friends. Most of the bar is very narrow, making it difficult to speak in groups without getting body checked. The music was great. A couple behind us started to slow dance for a moment (where there was a space) and the bartender told them that they had to stop immediately. It was really awkward. Not surprisingly they left. Probably won't go back.We wandered into the generically named Bar expecting grab a drink while we waited to meet up with people at another, to-be-determined bar, but ended up getting everyone to join us.  
The bartender was very nice and helpful, describing the beer selections' flavor, alcohol content, and other crucial details and allowing us to sample.  She addressed us by name after reading it off our credit cards and remembered throughout the night - nice personal touch!
I'm not sure if the AC gave up in this brutal heat, but there was limited AC downstairs and none upstairs that night.  In the downstairs area, there are only 2 tables that fit 3+ people - if you don't snag one, you have to arrange your party along the bar.This place sucks. It's gross. It's dirty. The staff is rude. 
I literally dropped a straw and the bartender told me to get out. RIGHT after ordering drinks for me AND my friends...and paying ..AND tipping (above average). 
There was not really anyone in there and I was in a party of four, none of us were hammered or annoying ... I mean your job is not that hard it's not like you're dealing with animals & if that's how you feel, find a job you actually enjoy.Worst experience I've ever had at a bar!!!  I've received terrible service, food, etc. at places before but have never written a Yelp review until now.  
Here is my experience: I was in town from LA for work and came in with 3 co-workers (it should be noted that we were completely sober).  I asked the bartender (bearded man...I wish I would have gotten his name) what he suggested and immediately received a very rude reply; it was apparent that my inquiry did not make him happy at all (even though I look to my bartender to be knowledgeable about the product they serve and to be able to offer suggestions).  My other 3 co-workers proceeded to do the same (ask his suggestion), and 2 of the 3 co-workers received drinks.  By the time my last co-worker was ready, the bartender loudly exclaimed that 'he'd had enough', closed my tab, and provided me with the receipt.  However, as soon as he gave me the receipt, he took it back, and loudly told my co-workers and I to 'get out'.  I was seriously surprised, I had no idea what had just happened.  
He then began physically ripping the drinks out of our hands (mine being first; I probably had about 2 sips of my beer).  I had never in my life had my drink physically removed from my hands.  By the time he got to the last drink, my co-worker (Philly local) decided to hang onto it, and the bartender and my co-worker proceeded to struggle over the glass, which broke in both their hands.  The bartender then jumped over the bar and physically pushed my co-workers out of the bar.  He then came back for me, and physically pushed me out of the bar.  I was wearing heels and could have easily been hurt.
I emailed the bar (and called to no avail) to report this incident and never received a response.  Additionally, I was charged $37 for 3 drinks that my group was never given the opportunity to enjoy.  It appears that I was overcharged (a $12 beer appears high) but I wouldn't know since my receipt was taken away from me by the bartender.  Also, I never signed the credit card receipt acknowledging the transaction but was still charged in full.    
I seriously hope that the owner takes a good look at the individuals he hires.  A bar that provides this type of service should not be in business at all!Meh.  Stopped in here for a quick drink on a Saturday evening when visiting  Philadelphia.  First of all in general the bars in city center aren't great.  Many of them were very crowded, but Bar wasn't, so it was nice to at least be able to get a seat.  However, the service was slow and not that friendly.  I did like the two levels and the general chill environment.  I definitely would not call this a sports bar and we headed thinking it would be one.  The TVs are small, not of great quality and only a few.Not much to say.  Hung out with some friends on a Friday night, and watched the Phils game.  Some of my friends aren't big beer drinkers and they ended up paying $5 for miller lites.  The tall PBRs were $3.  
It's really hard to tell people to meet you here because of the name.What a terrible experience. The drafts are average, the bartenders are rude and abrasive, and the bouncers are just plain jerks. Never going back to this place. I guess you can't expect much from a place when they can't even think of a more creative name for their bar than, "bar." Go to Time, this spot is a waste of a nice location.The best way to describe this place: Imagine if the airport tried to recreate a dive bar. That's what Bar is like. Too clean bathrooms. The actual bar top is too new and shiny. There's a jukebox but it's the computerized kind. Dark and tight, those are the good parts. The prices aren't bad and you can get pitchers of walt wit or lions head. There's an upstairs area with a pool table and foosball. I like the location on Sansom. Kind of sketchy but still Center City. If this place lasts another 30 years it'll truly be a wonderful dive. I'd really give it 3.5 stars but i'm rounding up.It's a bar in center city with cheap-ish drinks...doesn't have the typical dive bar feel that I think this place is aiming for. 
Other than that Bar seems to have a decent beer list and cheap selections. Fine if you are looking for a less expensive alternative in the area. If you are looking for a dive hit up Dirty Frank's, or Oscar's Tavern.Place was okay for what it was. Grungy spot, not my usual scene and clearly when me and my girlfriend walked in post work in our business casual clothes with a couple of Macy's bags we were not the usual patrons. Services was great, though beers were a little warm. Seems like it could be a fun spot with a crowd, didnt see the upstairs but assume it was the same situation. I'd try again - just maybe a weekend when I'm not so dressed up.Random drunk 23 year old ex-frat boy sitting next to me: "Where are we?"
Jill L:  "We are at Bar"
Frat Boy:  "Yeah I know we are in a bar, but what's it called"
Jill L:  "Bar"
Frat Boy (getting visibly frustrated):  "But WHAT is it CALLLLLLED???"
Jill L:  "Bar"
Frat Boy exits stage left
You are pretty much guaranteed to have this experience at Bar.  I promise you. 
Anywho, Bar, like its name, is a pretty simple dive bar.  No fancy small plates, no fancy drinks, no pretentious bartenders, no pretentious clientele.  Just a decent list of decently priced beers, plenty of room to sit, some games on the second floor, and a jukebox to make yourself the DJ of your night out. 
This is the perfect location when you are out on a date or with friends for dinner on 13th street (Barbuzzo, Lolita, Jamonera) and you want to keep the night going but you've already dropped some major coinage on dinner and just want a few quick beers.  Go to Bar.  Plenty of room to spread out and have an actual conversation.A good dive bar for a quick drink. Most of the time I stop there only for 1-2 drinks. 
Weekends it is most really crowded. Good place to play pool or a nice table soccer game with friends.
Jukebox and TV for sport events are available.
A nice experience is also a pickleback...try it and share your opinion :)If you are looking for a great "faux" dive bar with cheap beers, fun games, and a cool fun crowd, then head to Bar. If you find yourself at McGillan's, or Time, or any of those nearby bars and they are overly crowded, don't sleep on Bar.
For not a lot of money, you can get pretty drunk and have a great time. Also, the upstairs has Foosball Table, Pool Table, and Bubble Hockey. It's also got good craft beers, along with cheap domestics and whiskey shots. Bar knows what it is, and that is a fun, cheap bar.Went to Bar this past weekend with a good sized group planning to stay a while, but left after 1 drink. I will say, I have never in my life complained to a restaurant about their service, let alone write a review on yelp. But I felt the need to this time in hopes that I can save at least 1 person from a bad experience.
This place was almost empty when we got there so I would think that the staff would be happy to see us. In short, the female bartender was extremely rude to everyone in our group and made it quite apparent how annoyed she was that she had to serve us. My friend Abby left before he got his first drink, and most of our group soon followed. A few us were hanging around finishing our drink when the bartender cleaned up a few empties that the others placed the back bar/ledge before leaving. I found it odd that she would loudly curse and complain about our friends leaving empties on the ledge and not pushing in their stools, while we were still there and within earshot.
We soon left after that, went to Good Dog and Locust Rendezvous, and had a great night with polite bartenders. I definitely recommend those 2 spots as alternatives or even the Hampton Inn for some good, cheap wings.  The group I was with was fun and lively but certainly not heavily intoxicated, rude, or disrespectful. I am convinced that the recent positive reviews about how great this bartender is, was probably written by her friends or fellow bartenders.Good bar to drink a beer and shoot pool. Bar is probably the most dive-ish place you'll find in the gayborhood. The bartender is apathetic and will take is sweet old time ignoring you before finally taking your order. Beer prices are decent for the neighborhood and the selection is pretty good, both draft and bottles/cans. I stop in for a drink but would rarely consider this a place to spend the night at.In such a great area, this place is just okay. They do have a variety of beers (clearly a lot in cans) but the prices are just not that cheap for the "dive" atmosphere they're going for. I appreciate the Golden Tee upstairs and the foosball, but the bathrooms are awful and there's not enough seating. Add some tables!This is a center city bar so if you don't follow the law by having your ID ( or you are visibly very intoxicated or inappropriate in your interactions with patrons or staff alike; usual etiquette folks!) then you might get some serious sass. But this is a solid bar with a great beer list and a super casual vibe. I travel a long distance to hang with such a diverse and friendly crowd. Especially as it is one of the most affordable bars in the center of center city area. It's not a club so, no, don't freakin dance like a douche. It's a bar
and intimate,so us other customers don't wanna be jostled while sipping a pint. And there is no beer garden. Be nice and try at least twice. You'll be a fan for sure.An extra star for the super hot bartender. Other than that, it's your standard bar. Stand around, drink, watch sports. (Flyers lost).The name is pretty self explanatory, just like the place.  No frills solid drinks, good vibe/ambiance, good crowd.  Feels like it should either be in south philly or no libs.  It's not my go to watering hole but if I lived in CC it would be.  If I'm in the area for dinner, I'll grab a drink or 3 here pre or post meal!   : - DWhere do I start?
This review is very personal for me. I've worked down the street from bar for almost three years, and it is our go-to spot for after-shift drinks. I finally decided to sit down and review it tonight after coming in on a busy Saturday, by myself, and realizing how much I appreciate it.
Fancy cocktails? No. Extensive selection of fine wines? No. Extensive food menu with delicious concoctions straight from a renown chef's kitchen? Nope.
What you can expect is down to earth bartenders that know your face, a fantastic beer selection, a quiet spot to meet great new people, a jukebox that (usually) sports some awesome (not 'call me maybe') music, a dive bar where I can enjoy a somewhat peaceful drink after a long night at work. 
There is something to be said about being able to go into a bar, alone, and sip your beer without any distraction. I feel safe with the staff here. 
Bar, thank you for being my spot. I hold a special place for you in my heart.Bobby is amazing! Great drinks and prices. Awesome customer service and a great environment. Can't wait to come back next time I'm in the city.My wife got kicked out tonight because they don't allow dancing, yet have a TouchTunes jukebox. WTF??  This is America, we will dance wherever TF we want. If you don't like it GTFO. Maybe they have a problem with hip hop music, because it looks like others had similar experiences. Staff sounds like fascist pigs.I love this place. My coworkers and I come in regularly and enjoy ourselves to the fullest with cheap drinks and good tunes. The bartenders are always happy to see us because we respect the place. I feel like most of the bad reviews are coming from people who come in to this bar and treat the establishment and the people who work there poorly. 
I've seen people come in, screaming, hollering, rudely bumping into people, demanding service in front of other patrons and when they complain about not being served or being asked to leave they seem dumbfounded and turn to yelp.
If you go in and treat the place and people with the respect they deserve you will get the same in return.
I'll recommend Bar to everyone in the area who wants to grab a quick drink in a relaxed atmosphere.Super nice bartender, ambient, unpretentious atmosphere, and damn cheap drinks! What more do you want?My boyfriend and stopped in quickly for a shot between dinner and the next bar.
 I asked the bartender if there was a card minimum. She said "No, and we take everything but American Express and Discover." I ordered two picklebacks and handed her an American Express. She politely told me again that they take anything but, and apologized. It was a Saturday night. She could have been rude but she wasn't. Good for you bartender, good for you.
I pulled out a Visa, we took our shots, and moved on.Fun times, most definitely.
Post Opa elite and many a fool wanted to shake their booty up the street at Time; luckily, the biggest fool of the night got distracted by a shiny piece of tinfoil blowing down the sidewalk and, when she saw two strangers inside Bar, immediately went in to say hello. Score for sweaty Emmett, because dancing here is strictly prohibited and the AC was working quite well.
Fast forward to ten minutes later and the strangers have been scared away (the only two customers in Bar's bar until we arrived that very late Monday night), so naturally I felt it was our duty to pick up where they left off. A bounty of canned beer in the fridgamidors (many of which I not only never heard of, but couldn't pronounce either), robust pints of the hard stuff for a fin, and Kill Bill Vol. 2 on the boob tube meant this guy was happy, but the crew of yelp all-stars were what really kept me from being annoyed at the flitting about of my re-re sister.
Bar seems a very cool and spacious spot, even though I didn't see the upstairs (gravity isn't worth defying after so much booze); there is just something about barrooms bedecked in wood that always makes me feel very comfortable wasting away the hours. Another bonus worth mentioning was that the bathrooms were fairly clean. 
All antics having run their course, as well as Uma breaking one last heart, and the establishment was ready to close, so the night of fun came to an end. I don't think this is the last time I will be caught in Bar (not a bar, goof, The Bar. Seriously, think about who you're dealing with), because it felt right up my alley, but I'll need to see how I handle a more crowded night before I make final judgments.Any place that gives you enough booze so that you fake an English accent to complete strangers gets the nod in my book.
The scene, post elite event at Opa.  The crowd, Emmett, Rebecca, Katrina, Maggie and Blake and myself.  We walk in, it's decently quiet, Kill Bill Vol 2 is on the TV and they have an impressive can list.  
Recipe for disaster.
I'll spare you the gory details, but it was a fun evening.  Yes I did pick up a bar stool to demonstrate how to properly keep a lion from attacking you.  I am apparently also from Leeds and recently moved to South Philadelphia.  File that one under "how to confuse strangers."
In other times when I have been to Bar, I played pool upstairs and enjoyed tasty beers at fair prices.
You gotta love this place.i don't think of this place as a dive bar, it's more like your old neighborhood bar, just in the middle of the city. no-frills, but no 'what the hell could i be infected with if i enter' factor. 
WHAT THEY HAVE: best place to go in CC for pretty big selection of beer at minimum cost. basic booze, wine in a box, draft/cans only (who knew blue moon/newcastle/sierra nevada/etc, etc. came in cans?), & no frills cocktails (don't expect a white russian; no milk/cream), but they can manage a basic cran&vodka. 
BARTENDERS: great at remembering regulars & their drinks.
CLIENTELE: aforementioned regulars mostly keep to themselves (no creepy dudes who all but live there hitting on you), but respond if one starts a conversation. mixed lot of people; white collar, blue collar, self-employed, under-employed, college kids, middle-aged, biker dudes, punks, yuppies, gay/straight/black/white/hispanic & pretty much everything in between.
most weekdays it's not terribly crowded. weekend nights it can get packed; usually the crowded times signal obnoxiously loud, early 20s kids, or a group of after-work/out-of-town guys (last year, the night after roger waters had played in philly, there were a few of these out-of-towners who played the same handful of pink floyd songs on loop for 2 hours straight before the bartender, bless him, jacked the jukebox and taught me the joys of paying extra to take my pick to the front of the queue. more about music selection below). 
SEATING: 1st floor can seat about 60ish: bar= 20, wall ledge w/stools=10, few tables= 20, and ledge at window facing sansom= 5-10. plus the seats have back rests & are surprisingly comfy. 
2nd floor: i've never been up there- think it has pool tables, dartboards & whatnots. 
DECOR: not super bright, but not dank or dingy. some chalkboards w/beer listings, few signs, random taxidermy, beer cans displaying the wares. 
JUKEBOX: big & varied. anything from refused - alan jackson - ac/dc - rolling stones - pop crap. 4-5 big tvs (muted or low volume) that almost always have some sort of sport, or a 90s action flick, playing. 
FOOD: read some people mentioned ordering food; far as i know, they don't serve any (think they used to do cup o' soup & hotdogs, but haven't witnessed that in last year or two). however, they don't care if you bring your own. last time i was in, the guy next to me had his delivered there & split it w/the bartender. 
BATHROOMS: unisex bathrooms are basic & doors graffitied up, but not dirty. 
SMOKERS: go out front. there's a little bucket with sand hanging from one of the windows for your butts. 
BEST PART: NO DANCING. there are signs & matchbooks prohibiting such; thank christ. plus, there's no room for flailing. 
DOWNSIDE: you may witness somebody downing pickle backs. two wonderful things (jameson followed by pickle juice) that should never be combined. just look away. 
WORST PART: hardest damned page to find on yelp.I was basically tricked into going on a date here (friend group magically needed to bail after two minutes), which was totally uncool, but I will not hold it against Bar!
The best way I can describe this place: it's a dive bar, pretending to NOT be a dive bar, pretending to be a dive bar. Wrap your head around that and I'm sure you'll agree.
I love the two-story effect. The bar itself gets pretty chaotic so it's nice to escape to the upstairs every once in awhile. There are cute arcade games up there too!
The prices are pretty average for Center City. The craft beer selection is great, and they also serve up a huge list of specialty shots (pickle juice, excuse me?) All in all, this bar is a lot of fun.
Note: Total Sausage Fest.I will never return to this bar. Bar tender was a complete douchebag. Do not go to this bar. Overpriced drinks, bar tender will switch out your music if he doesn't like what you play on the jukebox. He randomly decided to kick out a party of 10 and proceeded to forcibly remove cellphones and drinks from our hands. I had such a terrible experience. I think his name was StephanoAfter reading the reviews for Bar, I'm honestly left wondering what I missed.  Obviously, I missed out on the Picklebacks, but does a shot of whiskey followed by a shot of pickle juice really add two-stars to a review?
Bar is dive-y... well, it wants to be dive-y.  It's like the ugly girl who puts on tons of make-up in an attempt to be pretty.  Trying to be a dive bar by selling hot dogs ($3 each) does not make you a dive bar.  While I did not visit during happy hour, I hear there isn't much of one anyway.  
Looking for a dive bar, roam elsewhere.  Looking for a good place to kill some time, time is right next store.  Looking for a Pickleback, apparently this is the place!Worst bar to represent Philadelphia.
Went there with a group of international travelers. Our friend started dancing to the Motown music (no bumping and grinding nothing inappropriate) the bartender told her there is NO dancing allowed. We told him that was kind of a strange rule and he proceeded to turn the music off in the ENTIRE bar and told everyone we can't listen to music. So rude, so ridiculous, ruined the night for everyone at the bar. Stay away unless you want a grumpy hipster bartender that has a control problem. 
Go anywhere else and Philadelphia will show you a good time. 
Ps. I never leave bad Yelp reviews but that place is just wrong.Ok, this is probably the most difficult joint to find on Yelp. How do you type "Bar" into a search tool meant to pick up the single word "bar" as THE keyword for searching all other bars in the city? It is just about as difficult to find on Yelp as it was to believe that I had never even seen this place in my walks through the Midtown area....and yet I found myself here twice in one week...imagine that. 
First time around...here I was, ordering a stoli and pineapple and being told by the bartender that it will set me back $5. Do you know how hard it is to keep from laughing when your drink comes served in a pint glass with definitely not shitty vodka and you're told it will only cost you a Lincoln? Where has this bar been all my life?? I'm down the street dropping bombs on my wallet in the name of Stephen Starr and Michael Schulson and I can hang here instead? Yes please.
Second time around....the Opa elite event had let out and Time had let us down with no dancing on "funk night". Next I know, I'm shooting the shit with the likes of Vinny P. and Emmett M. over a couple of cans of beer while watching Kill Bill vol. 2. Quentin Tarantino and 21st Amendment, I didn't think my night could get much better....until I heard Emmett try and order a Butternut Pork Slap and that point later in the night when I "accidentally" punched Maggie M. and Vinny grabbed a bar stool Jerry Springer style...then it was complete. 
This place is about as unassuming as they come, in the shadows of places like Graffiti Bar and El Vez it doesn't surprise me that it goes unnoticed. With a bartender that puts up with absurd antics at closing time on a Monday night, a clientele that's just as chill, and a pretty decent list of craft cans, you can bet this place will stay on the radar.Love this place because of how chill the environment is. Downstairs is the bar area and the front where people dance around a bit. And then upstairs is where the pool table and foosball table are located. Although these games could be cheaper, I have so much fun playing them that it seems worth it at the time, so I'm totally willing to spend the few bucks. Conveniently, there's a change machine for you if you need quarters.
The drinks are okay, but I'm a big fan of the price. I typically stick to drinking beers here.
The lines for the bathroom are ridiculously long on weeknights, and the line ends up paralleling the bar area, so be prepared to be squished in with a bunch of people and to wait in line for a while (same line for guys and gals--sorry guys!).Where to begin, where to begin?
Bar is not a dive or any other sub category of establishment, just a bar. No more no less. 
 Too clean? Seriously? 
If you do not like the music in a bar, then get up off your ass and play something you like. Although, someone else there is bound to hate your selection then write about it on yelp. 
If your beer is too expensive, consider something cheaper. Lion's Head is local too.
If only there could be a law against popped collars, right?
Imagine a perfect world where guys didn't gather in places that sold beer and had games and televisions with more games. 
Please everyone, never clean anything with pledge. The shine will really upset people
Heres a good one- A douche bag walks into a bar.  He sees another douche bag. Then they both go home and yelp about how the bar had a douche bag in it. Looks like a never ending circle to me kids. 
I challenge all of you to go out to any bar or restaurant, sit down, order a drink or a bite to eat, and enjoy it without plotting how you will spread your stupid fucking opinion all over the internet. If only there was yelp for individuals, now that would be a good time.Divey. Cool bartenders. (Usually) Good music rotation. Pool table upstairs. Nice cans.......... selections.  ;)The bartender was a complete hothead. He was extremely rude and although the bar was decent I will never go back.If I could give zero stars I would, that's how appalled I am by Bar. Went there once with friends and when I inquired with the bartender about my drink he grabbed it, dumped it out, and told me to leave. That is not the appropriate response to a non-offensive question, nor should it be the way a customer is ever treated. It was an over-reaction to an innocuous question about the type of alcohol, and for that I will never go there again.The bar was just alright. The bartender was extremely rude. I know I will never return. There are many nicer bars in the area.Besides the price of alocohal the cute tattooed bartender is one of the best bartenders in philly period!Great dive bar. I was in from out of town and just wanted a chill spot to relax and got a lot more - an introduction to a pickle back!?!?! What the heck - disgusting but still a first.I really like bar.  Bar Bar.  Bar bar bar bar bar.
They will serve you alcohol even if you are passing out in a pool of your own vomit on the...bar.
It's a dive, what do you expect?  It's cheap and fun in a city that is full of things I strongly loathe (Phillies, Eagles, Flyers...)
THE worst Pizza in the world is about 3 blocks away...30th street Pizza I believe?  So, just get wasted here and stumble home later to eat your filthy ramen noodles.  Cuz you ain't gonna get anything decent here, or there.
The bathroom is pretty gross.  The touch tunes is amazing.I'm a regular at bar. It's my favorite spot in center city. These is way to many beers to choose from (good thing) drinks are poured just right and the price is great. CHEAP! 
After reading some of the reviews, all I can say is, if you don't act like an adult you will be asked to leave. I've seen it. The reviews of rude bartenders, I bet if they could tell their side, it'd be understandable why you got treats that way. 
The jukebox is OK as long as sorority girls don't get ahold of it and blast beiber. Go to another bar for that. Haha. I like the rock roll vibe. 
Give bar a chance. It's actually a hidden gem.This place is awful. It's a completely basic and boring place as the name suggests, plus the bartenders are mean and they steal people's money.Tucked among all the other bars in the area, I must've passed by "Bar" more times than I could count. Maybe I mistook the sign for part of another bar's sign? Maybe I never even looked that high. Probably the latter. 
But Philly Beer Week brings out all sorts of bars from the woodwork, and my first visit to Bar was a great one! Their happy hour is just what the doctor ordered. It's a small space, but cozy, and not pretentious at all. The best part is, despite the kind of divey look of it all (outside and a little in), their beer list is top notch. TRULY a ton of great options. 
If that's not your style, just get discounted pickle backs and shots of Fireball.  Or $2 PBR pounders.
Truly, something for anyone. Ideal jumpoff spot for a night out, meet up with your buddies, grab some brewskis, and hit the town!I have been coming to this bar for 10 years now and never had a bad experience.  Last night I was doing nothing but minding my own business when the bartender rushes up to us to notify us that there is no dancing allowed "did you read the sign"? You have got to be kidding me.  This guy is a low life and even the bouncer agreed with us.  Time for some personnel changes.  I will not be back. EVER.I was at Bar 2 weeks ago for my friend's birthday. It was an impromptu stop off in what I thought was going to be an endless crawl around the crowded city, looking for a spot to settle into. We were able to grab one of the two tables as you first walk in, literally a foot from the bar. I could have probably not even gotten up to give the bartenders my order. First impression was that is was unlike any of the bars in the area. It's small, reminds me of bars I used to frequent in college- which automatically makes me feel comfortable, and it's got an unpretentious air to it. 
Secondly, we were greeted right away by one of the most friendly, not to mention probably the prettiest bartender in the city. With a big smile, she kindly handed us a beer list, probably sensing that we had no idea what to order, and made us feel comfortable by asking if we had been there before. She told us that there were no bottles, only cans and drafts. Cans! I love it. She took the time to give some of the less experienced beer drinkers a few suggestions and then we ordered. Decent prices for center city, I must add.
I like this bar because it has no identity and it doesn't need to. Why is everyone searching for a bar with a concept? It's a place where you can get a cold beer or a great drink (in a pint glass). Play some pool upstairs, or play darts. It's a good time. The only thing I was not a fan of was the endless Metallica playing on the jukebox. Despite having put some money in for something different, whoever was there before me was hell bent on dominating that thing.
All in all, I had a great time. We ended up staying there much longer than anticipated and I will definitelty be back. In closing, to the blonde bartender, who's name I forgot: If you read this-  Sorry for staring, but you are beautiful and I think I might be in love with you.Loved this place! Total hole in the wall but had a good beer selection. Upstairs are some games like pool. Table is old and beat up but adds to the atmosphere. Loved the music selection, tons of hard rock and metal. Can't find many bars that play music my husband and I enjoy!Went here last night after food/drinks at Sampan down the street.  Apparently I've been here before according to my girlfriend...but have no recollection.  A good thing?
This place is a dive bar, plain and simple.  There is a no frills approach to this place that is enjoyable.  It's laid back and doesn't delve into the overall pretentiousness of bars.  Drinks are cheap, plenty of seating and I noticed they had foosball upstairs.  I'll be back here again, but hopefully I'll remember it this time around.Personally I liked it, but a dive bar? It's like a couple Penn students idea of what a dive bar is... its not. Clean, lots of wood and bare brick, dark... but with a nice bar, good selection of beer, good service, and a decent tv. Location is good for the subway too.I was initially nervous about being invited on a date here (what was I supposed to tell my friends? "Oh yeah, I'm going to Bar this weekend." "What bar?" "Bar!"), but after seeing the beer list, I became a fan. Craft beer is the star here and the prices are fairly normal for the city (between $5 and $7 for a glass). Beware the signs, though, as not all brews are a full pint--some are served in 10 oz glasses. Not only did I have an old Victory favorite (DirtWolf), but I also had Duck Rabbit's Milk Stout, which was heavenly. Additionally, I wasn't willing to commit to a full pour of Southern Tier's Pumking, so the bartender kindly gave me a tumbler with a generous taste. One word: delicious. You should try it. But I'm getting off-topic.
The bartenders are super friendly and knowledgeable as well. The vibe screams "fashionably divey" and the bathrooms are graffitied in a very Tattooed Mom kind of style. The divey atmosphere and the laid-back nature of the staff and patrons alike made for a great start to the evening (the foosball table and hockey game upstairs helped too, of course).I was in Philly in December 2011 for the American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene conference at the Downtown Marriott.  We stumbled (literally) across bar on night one of the conference and managed to stumble back for the 3 consequitive nights after.  This place is a dive, but it has character, and myself and my colleagues at the conference met numerous interesting Philadelphians here.  Bartenders were pretty cool too.
All in all, my experience at "Bar" was probably moreso due to the people I met and the subsequent debauchery that ensued than the environment or atmosphere of "Bar" itself.  However, I do like checking out dive bars, and my experiences at "Bar" were ones to be be remembered.  If I'm back in Philly, I have a sneaking suspicion I'll be finding myself back at "Bar".Had an awesome time here.  Was traveling with a group of friends for the Seahawks vs Eagles game- and the vibe was amazing.   
It was right across from the Holiday Inn Hotel, so very easy location to spot and there were plenty of food option around there area for the after hr.
The Bartender (Alexis) is gorgeous and marvelous.  Great portions on drinks and knew when to cut off those who can't handle their liquor anymore.  Very professional.Over-priced genessee cream ale cans?  $7 shots of powers? A "no dancing" sign yet a juke box pumping out the loudest, most obnoxious, conversation negating rap?
This place is played out like ugly sweater parties and cupcakes.A perfect regular bar. Baseball on TV, good beer options and specials (you just gotta know where to look), no bullshit bartenders and the occasional neighborhood crazy. Can get packed quick and at that point it's time to step out front, grab some air and laugh at the funny looks you get from the people at the surrounding spots who are looking for a place to fist-pump and rage to some house music.Yep, I'm putting the Squid's Stamp of Approval on this one. I'm totally sold and regret it's taken me this long to check it out.
All the comforts of a premium dive in the heart of Center City with ample TVs, jukebox and friendly, proficient bartenders. 
No matter how crowded it gets, I always seem to be able to score a couple of seats at the bar. Some say the crowd leans a little hipster, but I say it is truly a blend. Just the sort of mix a reasonable person should expect in Center City.
I appreciate the succinct name. I don't appreciate the corny "Who's on first?" humor that comes with it. If  "13th & Sansom" isn't enough to get you there, then I don't think I want to drink with you anyway. ;)Came in with a group of friends from out of town recently. We were hesitant to come in because we had read a couple of bad reviews but wanted to try it out anyway because they had a great canned beer list (over 50 different cans from across the country). Bartenders were really friendly, not at all what we had read about! Super low key and chill, which is exactly what we wanted. It gets packed on the weekends however, so try and get there before 10!If I could give zero stars I would- literally the worst experience someone could have.  I had been coming to Bar since about 2010, over that time (potentially to try to fit in to some sort of hipster trend) Bar has become a cesspool of pretentious, condescending intolerance. Beers are extremely overpriced.  Bartenders are legitimately the rudest most offensive people I have ever encountered. I'll take my money to any of the dozens and dozens of similar establishments in a two block radius,  who might actually understand that when you treat customers with respect they want to give you their money.Bar is and will forever be the greatest place to drink in Philadelphia.  
Just when I thought it couldn't get any better... A regular buys a round of shot to toast the band "Linkin Park" out of the clear blue sky!  What else are you looking for? If you're tired of the normal "high end" fare around center city, get to bar.This was the most terrible experience I've ever had at a bar. My friends and I used to come here often years ago in college but after my recent experience I will NEVER return. Long story short, my friends and I (who made up half of the customers in the bar) were playing music on the juke box. The bartender then gave credits to his friends to over ride the songs we paid for. When one of my (female) friends tried to talk to him, he yelled at her and kicked her out. He then tried to rip the phone out of my other (again, female) friend's hand when she said something about this, and kicked her out. Then, as I stood by the door trying to figure out what was going on (and not doing anything wrong) he told me I needed to leave, and tried to physically take the drink out of my hand. 
I have never in my life been asked to leave a bar, and have NEVER had a bartender put his hands on me. This was completely unacceptable and just wrong. You can see from other reviews this is a pattern at this bar. Do yourself a favor and visit any other bar in the area, not this pretentious, run down hole with a bartender who doesn't hesitate to go after female customers.I stopped here for "happy" hour - its around the corner from the office so we popped in. 
I like Time and go there often - but I am not a fan of this place. Walked into a total sword fight at 5:30 pm - I mean literally the entire place was packed with guys - and I mean not 1 single girl besides the 2 we brought who were looked at like steaks - so we quickly rolled back out.Ahhhh... Mad Elf beer and the Smiths playing... Doesn't get better. Bartender is extra awesome.I have a deep and abiding love for dive bars. I don't know if Bar is one of them, because it is really, really nice. 
Now, I'm not calling it a bastion of high cuisine and cocktails, but if I want that, I'll *get* that. I was surprised by how clean it was, and they had a very extensive list of rather affordable beers. It's a little out 'of my way to get to, which is probably the only thing keeping me from being a regular, but I can't find anything wrong with it.Huge fan of small hole in wall bars. Great beer selections and The birds beat the Giants... Great fucking day. I'm only giving this place 3 stars so people don't ran sack it. Vibe is perfect as is. But if you read this I give this place *****.Great, casual bar in a neighborhood full of stuffy, overpriced bar options. Excellent beer list with very reasonable prices.Bar is a fitting name because this is as nondescript as they come. They serve you alcohol. You drink it. Not much else happens.
There's some discussion and I don't think place qualifies as a dive bar. A dive bar has you checking over your shoulder to avoid getting fork stabbed by the McPoyle brothers like Charlie in Always Sunny. 
This is more of an apathetic bar. Remember that scene in Wedding Crashers where suicidal Owen Wilson's answering machine is set to, "Hey this is John ...... Whatever (beep)"? This kind of sums up Bar.
Stop here to take advantage of a $3 PBR pounder in Center City or the pickle back shot, or eschew it in favor of somewhere that isn't overcrowded by uninteresting people with obnoxiously loud music. Your call.Here's why.... I love a homey type bar. But JESUS.. the bartender Matt.. you couldn't do any better. I not only felt like he cared about tending to our alcohol needs but he actually cared what came from the bar. I'd come back just to have him as a bartender again. GO.... BAR!Pool table and stuff.
Good: Pool table and games, and the tiniest bar upstairs.
Bad: drinks can be pricey, narrow real estate.
I'll keep this place in mind for pool and beers.There is nothing that would prevent me from returning to Bar, but also nothing that would entice me to go back...
Reasons to go here:  There are a decent number of beers, both on tap and in cans.  The crowd seemed pretty down to earth.  The bartender that I encountered was probably one of the friendliest people that I have ever met.  There are pool tables on the second floor.
Reasons not to go here:  The mixed drinks tend to be very weak.  The bartender was not particularly knowledgeable about the beers on tap. Bar is trying to be a dive, but I did not notice anything particularly quirky or "divey" going on here.A lot of heat about how it either is a "terrible bar" or it isn't a full-on "dive bar."   How about just letting this bar be a place that doesn't charge you $8 for a beer, has a good jukebox, and will serve you a PBR?  All of that around the corner from the most pretentious places in Center City.  Think about it.Two stars because the beer selection was awesome but the bartender was a major jerk. I asked him about a stout and he said "it's a stout. I mean idk what you want me to say it's a stout."  I was asking for opinion/recommendation he could have read the description off the can and I would have been happy. I know I won't return.Racist establishment, stay away.
As a woman of color, I was extremely disappointed at having to walk out from this establishment after sitting for fifteen minutes at the bar without being served. It was not a particularly busy Wednesday night. The white bartender was clear to serve the white people around me (Indian) and my boyfriend (Black) while clearly ignoring us. I was upset after leaving because I would never have expected such a reaction from a bar in Philadelphia, let alone Center City.
Racist establishment, stay away.My friends and I were looking for a cheap place to have a few drinks after dinner so I suggested we check out Bar, which I had only been to once previously but thought would fit the bill.  Sadly I was pretty disappointed.  Bar tries to straddle the middle ground between authentic dive bar (smokey, cheap, far from trendy) and cool nightspot.  the only food they offer is microwaved hotdogs and noodles, in keeping with the theme.  There is also pool and foozball upstairs.  
They have a large selection of canned beer, even microbrew, but if you decide to get a micro on draft expect to pay gastropub and not dive prices.  Feeling a bit put off by this a friend and I also tried their mixed drinks.  She got a vodka cranberry, I got a rum and coke.  Both came in tall 12oz glasses which was a plus until we realized how watered down the alcohol was.  Really, just give it to me in a small glass if you are going to skimp on the booze like that, that way I can at least taste the rum.  A real dive would just give you the extra alcohol.  Especially for $7 which was ridiculous.  About the only plus is since it is trying to be trendy there is no smoking.  I'd recommend this for a smoke free game of pool and that is about it.I like going here especially after work. It's a small bar with a cool BAR sign out in the front with an arrow. There are a couple of TV's which you can check out whatever sporting event is going on that day/night.
The beer selection isn't bad at all and the bartender, Erica, is very nice and friendly. She's also attractive. (WIll this comment bring more people to this bar? Stay tuned.) 
However, this isn't a place that I'd choose over anywhere else to be... plus their Jameson shot I took the other night was 7$!!! If you plan on drinking PBRs or pints and pints of draft beer, this is your place to be. That's pretty much all they offer any way. 
After all, I'm still in for the beer and the nice bartender!Oh man, this bar sucks. The bartenders are so rude all you can do is laugh about it. Well, this bar would've gotten our $$ but the woman there was so insufferably rude, we just walked out. Their loss!Bar has a cool sign now. I like drinking cheap beer. The beer here is cheap (3 dollar pints discounted to 2 dollars during happy hour) and bar is on my way home. Go here. I mean don't go here because I would prefer that it doesn't get too crowded. Thanks.BAR is what happens when a bunch of phonies try to recreate something cool.  
I think I wouldn't have thought it was so terrible if it hadn't been billed as a "dive".  This place is NOT a dive bar.  $3 hot dogs?!?! sista, please.  
With the exception of the loose-leaf paper menu, the the atmosphere is utterly preppy.  Everything is slick and mirrored, and there's a moose head hanging on the wall!  
Beyond the ambiance, I was also bummed out about the beer availability.  We were originally drawn there to check out some of the unique beers on the menu, but many of the beers I tried to order were out of stock.  I was denied a Snapperhead, a mama's little yella and even a Sly Fox Royal Weisse before I finally settled on a high life pounder.  
If you pop your collar and you're scared of grit, but want to convince yourself you're at a "dive bar", this is the place for you.  Otherwise, just head over to McGlinchy's.The best bar I could find downtown was disappointing for lack of friendliness of staff.