I have nothing but nice things to say about this place: great cocktails (the weekend is what you want), great food (the pork Milanese sandwich was delicious and the gnocchi smelled delicious), and the staff are friendly and skilled at what they do (Matt is behind the bar most nights - good dude)
It's also a great spot for an OK Cupid date: the mood lighting is great, the decor is very nice, it's quiet, and the prices are reasonable.
I'm really lucky this is my neighborhood bar.Really great neighborhood bar with delicious food. The happy hour specials are worth checking out. Good service and a solid list to f rotating beers on tap.Easily one of the top 5 meals I've had in the city so far. The Pork Belly was delicious, and a perfect presentation of the dish. The Falafel was better then most middle eastern places I've eaten. The real star for me had to be the Chicken Liver Pate thoughl; out of this world.Nothing bad or super great about this place. Had some drinks and they were just okay - nothing out of this world. There werent many people considering it was a Friday night.Great food, good prices for NoLibs.  Enjoyed the grilled octopus, cheese plate and lettuce salad with mustard degassing. Good wine pour for the $. Decent knowledgeable bar staff but had to keep asking for water although not busy. Atmosphere was quiet and romantic.  Good for a local date night.Our waiter was so nice and knowledgeable. I wish i knew his name cause we deserves a shout out. The customer service was great, the food was SO GOOD and came out less than 10 minutes after we ordered. They have some pretty good cocktails - order the Lola if you're into refreshing girly drinks.My boyfriend and I love coming here. It has a dive bar feel, but the food is amazing. The wings are the best we've ever had in our lives! We usually get buffalo and General tsao's (my personal favorite). We've also ordered hummus, scallops, the quesadilla, Brussels sprouts, and the beet salad. It was all great. We also love their $4 Black Russian drink. Definitely would recommend - you won't be disappointed!Thought I put my review  in apparently  not.  I want to say brunch  was excellent  here. I had the lamb en cocotte. It was so full of flavor, the lamb was cooked to perfection! Enveloped in a hardy tomato sauce  and feta cheese. Drinks were great not overly sweet I had a seasonal drink with bourbon, can't think of the rest of the ingredients. They also had a wonderful bread pudding  made from brioche  and pecans, like  warm buttery pecan pie! I would surely  go again! Service  was great! It's dark inside, which I like but just giving a heads up.Awesome food and drinks. Great addition to northern liberties. It's a place where u can hang out at the bar or sit down for a fabulous dinnerI just moved into the neighborhood about a block away from Bardot, and I am not disappointed!! The bar itself is super cute, with brass looking ceiling tiles and an extensive wine selection. I've never had even the slightest problem getting a seat at the bar, even on a weekend night. They also seem to have an awesome selection of beers on tap each time I've been. Service is super friendly, prices are pretty standard, and the food is great! I cannot rave enough about the duck fat fries, my god. I have yet to try their brunch, but I hear great things. This is my new neighborhood bar and I will be back here many, many times!We have been to Bardot at least 50 times since it opened (which was a month before we moved into the neighborhood). We obviously love it. Their food is always impeccable- I seriously have never once even had a "meh" meal. They've always been exceptional. Staff is great and happy hour specials I think every day except Saturdays.Bardot is my favorite spot in Northern Liberties. Their food is fantastic and changes every once in a while to keep it fresh. The bartenders are awesome here. Definitely a neighborhood gen that I'm so glad is here. Keep up the greatness. You can't go wrong with much of anything in the menu. The fries taste so good, so the classic no brainer is a burger and fries here.Friend chicken sandwich is on point, and actually everything else I've had here was really good as well.  Not just average bar food.  Beer list is always good too.I've been to Bardot a couple of times now and I really like this place.  It's dark & candlelit with a good beer & wine list (including a few wines on tap) and well made cocktails. Service has always been great. This may be due to the fact that the place is usually not very busy, which is a shame.  The food is very good.  The octopus was melt in your mouth tender.  My eggs en cocotte were comforting and hearty, exactly what I was looking for on a cold January night. They came with tender pork, tomato & feta. I ate the entire delicious thing. The prices are higher than the more gastopub-y places in the area, but the prices accurately reflect the type of food that is being served. 
They were playing Bjork and have a big Adam Walacavage chandelier in the dining area. Solid food & drinks. Great spot.For a group of four for dinner this was an exasperating experience.  Inept servers who were unfamiliar with menu and provided painfully slow service in an uncrowded setting.  Pate appetizer was a tapas sized portion hardly enough for one.  A request for additional bread for this appetizer finally arrived near the end of the meal.  Beet salad was uninteresting with traditional red beets of no particular gustatory interest.  Past portion was an appetizer portion and diners left unsatisfied.  Bardotburgers, although sounding imaginative, were very traditional.  Excellent fries but that was it.  Be aware this is a BYOB (Bring Your Own Bread) since they do NOT serve bread at all.Best cocktails in NoLibs/Fishtown/Kensington. I would go far as to say they are on par with what you would get at Franklin Mortgage or any of the other high-end Center City cocktail bars, and they are literally about $5 less per drink (most of their drinks are $9-12).
They also have a dark little nook with two victorian couches that is a great place to get cozy with a date. Highly recommended. But if you see me come in, GTFO I want my corner!My boyfriend and I had a great experience at Bardot Café last night!
We frequent the fishtown/nolibs/kensington area quite often, and I am always interested in trying new places to eat and drink. Last night we decided to go out for a late dinner and had Kraftwork in mind. When we got into the area, I mentioned to my boyfriend that I had passed Bardot Café a few weeks ago and thought it was cute, leading me to check yelp and notice its great reviews. After a little convincing on my part, we ended up here.
When we walked inside, the vibe was dark and romantic, with candles everywhere that illuminated the French-style tin bar ceiling. We chose a seat near the bar and our server promptly took our drink order.
I started with the "Shoot the Piano Player" cocktail (napoleon armagnac, citrus, pear, prosecco). My boyfriend ordered the double IPA on tap. My drink was pretty good- a bit on the sweet side but overall enjoyable. 
For dinner, I ordered the pork shoulder sandwich with fries. The pork sandwich was out of this world! The flavor profile was spot on- sweet, spicy, sour and salty. Perfect texture of the pork and bread- plus the red cabbage added a nice crunch. The fries were perfectly thin and crisp and paired perfectly with the red pepper aioli. I just finished the second half of my sandwich for lunch- it was amazing cold too! 
My boyfriend had the spaghetti noir- He absolutely loved it. I tried a bite and was equally impressed. You could tell it was all homemade.
I decided to try another drink - the Lola (vodka, pear, ginger beer, lime, cranberry bitters). This drink was, again, nothing I would shout from the mountain top about. It tasted like a well vodka cranberry. 
Overall I loved this place. Good vibes, great food and service, decent drinks. I will definitely be back!Solid place. In fact its outstanding. It's a little hidden gem. Great burger, great drinks, great atmosphere, and great service.Whatever you do in the rest of your life, order a fried chicken sandwich from Bardot, and here's the key: get fries, and ask for the roasted red pepper aioli dip. The combination is simply the best in the city.One of the best cocktail bars in the city!  Great draft list too!  Friendly neighborhood bar, Say hi to Matt when you're there!  (Secret favorite cocktail not on the menu- the contempt).I love this place hard. Especially for brunch. Next for cocktails, but also for dinner. 
There are so many wonderful reviews for this spot and I'm going to say many of the same things: great space, great staff, great menu, and and great cocktails. Such a lovely, tucked away NoLibs spot that I hope they stay here for a very long time. 
One menu item I have to call out is their Eggs Benedict. The most perfect poached eggs I've had anywhere in Philadelphia and wonderful, fresh, rich and lemony Hollandaise. In a neighborhood of great brunch spots this is one you need to check out (plus, no wait!).Great neighborhood spot, especially on the first Wednesday of the month when they host Northern Comedies!This place is the perfect addition to the neighborhood.  It's warm and inviting inside, stunningly decorated and lit.  The food is amazing and the drinks are even better.  Get the Contempt cocktail.  It's out of this world.  Love coming in here for a drink, light bite, or dinner.  Haven't tried brunch yet, but that's up next.  Based on everything else I've experienced here, I'm sure it won't disappoint.Great Bartenders who make Great Drinks; Great Happy Hour, Good Food, Good Location... can you tell Im a local? Depending on what you are looking for there is no reason not to stop in have a drink, some cheese curds and play your favorite song on the juke box. 
Have a glass of wine on tap and the salmon for dinner or a "waltz into the darkness" before you head out of the neighborhood to try a new place! Bardot has everything covered!This hidden gem has an awesome atmosphere, delicious French style food, consistently good drafts selection, and a soundtrack that never disappoints. The staff are quick to learn your name and really nice. You can go but don't tell too many of your friends because I don't want this place to get crowded.Not nearly as kid friendly as Northern Liberties competitors...I recommend it to anyone wanting a good meal and ambience without their kids.Gorgeous room, delicious food, well curated draught list.
Nice smallplates set up. Had two tartines and two small plates. The Tartines are 'deconstructed', so could just as easily been named "meat dips with bread", but I think tartine sounds prettier and the deconstructed allowed me to put as much meat dip as I wanted on the bread!
Chicken liver mousse tartine: Good mousse, but entirely elevated by the pickled carrots
Steak tartare tartine: Absolutely delicious, and don't even like steak tartare.
Shrimp: three heads on shrimp that were prefectly tasty
Cheese course: Jasper hills, cowgirl creamery, and I forget the last one, but all were nicely ripened with an appropriate accompaniment.
I hope it stays around!Maybe it is because we went on a weekend night, but the food was not good.  We order the mussels, mac and cheese, and steak.  The steak itself was fine, everything else left a lot to be desired. I was disappointed since the reviews were good.  Mussels did not smell good and the taste was off, and so we didn't really eat them.  The mac and cheese was OK, but for the price you get the smallest portion ever. The steak was great and was cooked to a perfect medium-rare. Potato salad was no better than grocery store.  The corn needed way more salt.
On the bright side, the drinks, atmosphere, and the service were outstanding. Which is why I'm giving 3 stars.  I will try this place again because I want to like it, so wait for an update. Until then, I will not recommend this place.A hidden gem in a sea of Northern Liberties bars. The Bardot staff is nothing short of personable, approachable, and knowledgeable! I've taken friends and family here and each time is better than the next. I've never seen it extremely crowded and the service is just always impeccable. The drink menu is awesome as they have crafted cocktails and a decent beer list! Let's not forget the half of drafts during happy hour! I haven't dug deep in the menu yet but the honey sriracha wings are well worth checking out!Cozy bar around the corner of Poplar and 5th in NoLibs. Authentic French cuisine with excellent house reds and good whisky/bourbon selection. They age their own cocktails as well. 
Been here multiple times. Simple organized menu. 
Pomme frites are to die for. The Sherry glazed pork belly melts in your mouth. Their artisanal cheese plate always has some excellent cheeses. 
The Bardot burger definitely has a nice French twist to it. Very disappointed that the Arctic char came off the menu. 
Desserts are pretty good and inventive. Cherry Panna Cotta is a new addition which is definitely a spring dessert. 
Check it out!!! Parking can be a pain though.This cozy place has really good food and great cocktails.  I love the atmosphere and the my few experiences so far have me as a fan.  This is a perfect weeknight date destination, because it's not loud or crazy expensive.  I really like this place and while Im glad it's off the beaten path, and less mobbed, I also want them to stick around a long time, for selfish reasons, of course :)This place is amazing. The atmosphere is romantic but not stuffy or pretentious. It's been a while, so I don't remember all the details of what we ordered. However, I never liked octopus before, but theirs was amazing. They also had fantastic grilled veggies. Everything was well cooked and beautifully flavored. This is really a neighborhood gem that I can't recommend enough.This is a very, very good restaurant, and it's a total bummer that I've never seen the place more than half full.
It's great for us, being close by, never having to make reservations, always getting a good table, but heck, this place is far better than most of the other seemingly more popular in the neighborhood, and it's only *slightly* off the beaten path (2nd street).
I want this place to stay open, so please give Bardot a try...I found this place by accident, but I'm damn glad I did.  It's a cool little bar and restaurant with a TON of character.  It boasts a very friendly staff with a solid beer & drink list, and the menu gives you some uncommon but interesting options.  In just one quick stop for a Thursday night beer, it has likely become my favorite place in this neighborhood.  To the folks that manage it...well done.  Very much looking forward to another visit.Bardot is my favorite bar in the city, I go a few times a month. The entire staff are super friendly and down-to-earth, which goes perfectly with their laid-back sophisticated environment. 
The Bardot Burger is the BEST burger in the city, highly underrated! Their cocktail's are also amazing. Overall, the place is a great date spot or a nice small social gathering.This. Place. Is. AWESOME! I am totally kicking myself for having just tried it.  We went there the other night with some friends for a birthday dinner.  The place was fairly empty as other Yelpers have mentioned.  But this was a nice change as most other places in NoLibs are always busy and very loud.  We all shared the bacon Tartine, the cheese plate and the sweet and sour broccoli to start.  The cheese plate and broccoli were excellent.  Great presentation and great flavors.  But the bacon Tartine was amazing!  I could have eaten only that all night.  I decided to go with the burger for my entree and as Zach mentioned it was one of the best burgers I have had.  It wasn't huge but the flavor was out of this world.  I would highly recommend trying the burger if you are a burger fan.  Everyone else said their entrees were excellent as well.  Please do yourself a favor and try this place out!  I will be back for brunch this weekend!Previous to trying to Bardot, my favorite burger was a toss up between Whiskey Village or Grace Tavern.  Bardot surpassed them both as the top burger I've ever had with delicious fries to go with it.
I have not tried brunch, but have experienced most of the other dishes on the Dinner menu, and have been pleased w/ each (Try the dumplings, nothing like what you're thinking).  Awesome drinks and service. To complement the great food, the wine list is sized and selected appropriately for the venue, with ample pours.  Well-deserved 5 stars for drinks or dinner.  
LaBan gave only 2 bells, but that was mostly due to the service at the time, and I would have agreed at the time, but you can tell that this has been addressed.  It wasn't a question of quality of employees, but rather quantity at the offshoot.My husband and I frequently eat at this gem. Tonight his meal, pork chop with cinnamon risotto and brussels sprouts was devine as was my special -steak with fries. Great music and cozy atmosphere and superb service. Our favorite neighborhood eatery and bar.Bardot is a super solid brunch option. It is located right off 5th tucked away from the crowds and long waits of the 2nd street brunch train.  
I've gone several times at around 11:30AM with a party of 6-8 and we were able to be seated right away every time. The menu consists of a few petit plates and a handful each of breakfast and lunch options. They usually have a special or two to choose from as well. Everything I've tried so far has been delicious. The food is well cooked, well seasoned, and portioned properly. Coffee is great, I believe it is La Calombe. Lot of cool artwork and decor and kind wait staff.
A few solid go-to's are:
Pork Belly Biscuit (Pork Belly, grits, pickled vidalia onions, hot sauce, fried egg) and my personal favorite the Salmon Benedict (citrus cured salmon, hollandaise, homemade english muffin and potatoes).
Happy hour is 11AM-1PM, half off brunch cocktails. 
While it is not the best brunch I've ever eaten, it is an easy choice if you have a larger party and would like to be seated some time this century.Great place for date night. Food and drinks are both delicious and the staff is friendly.This is a hidden gem (for now) in Northern Liberties. Food is really above par, and if they weren't just starting out (or in Center City) you would probably be paying a lot more. Great selection of draft, and an interesting atmosphere of a sort of dim French bar. Or at least how I imagine them. The service really makes it for me. As a recovering server, it's nice to see people enjoying what they do and the people they work with. And if you get a chance, try their brunch! Food is fantastic but bottomless counter culture coffee--what?! Plus they have drink specials for those hangover brunches.I like that its off the beaten path, cozy, relaxed and seems to be focused on quality over revenue.  The draft list always features top breweries and the cocktails seem professional.  Great for brunch also.Great brunch.  Very cool décor inside, reminds me of a place you'd see in the Village in Manhattan.  Service was friendly and on top of it.  The pork belly biscuit was excellent.  So was the mushroom omelette.  The neighborhood is hip and trendy.  I've tried many different brunch spots in Philly and Bardot is one of the better places.Relaxed, classy spot. Friendly bartenders that care about their craft. Cocktails are named after French New Wave films - I don't know anything about film, especially French film, but the drinks are great nonetheless. Beer selection is also solid - typically 10-12 rotating craft drafts.
Long bar with lots of bar seating. Have never dined at a table, but generally have been able to grab a spot at the bar even when they're busy.
Food is tasty - some good bar snacks - I'd say it's half a step up from typical Philly gastropub fare... and you pay for that.I've been to Bardot many times and enjoy it.  Recent dinner was decent but I was disappointed with the chicken sandwich.  The flavor was good but the chicken was so small, it only covered 1/3 of the bun.  Most of the sandwich was just bread.   It was like they put 1 small chicken tender inside.  Not sure if that's the norm or what but it was a bit ridiculous.
Please work on your chicken sandwich portion Bardot!Bardot is pretty much the embodiment of Northern Liberties in restaurant form: cool, hip, a bit dark, pricy, and slightly full of itself. But I do live in and love no Libs, so it follows that I would enjoy this place too. It is a cool and usually quiet place to hang out, with a very intimate, almost sexy vibe. The cocktails are awesome and the best part about the restaurant. The food is fairly standard, which isn't a bad thing in my opinion, but a slight letdown when considering how cool it is there. I would love to try their brunch. Check out northern Comedies if you can!Can't believe we haven't been here sooner. 
Brunch is 11-3, brunch happy hour 11-1. We had the pan du jour which was a subtly sweet bread pudding (absolutely fantastic). I had the crab cakes eggs Benedict and my husband had the omelette with mushrooms and asparagus+ a side of bacon. 
My dish was great. I am an eggs bene fanatic and I order them everywhere. More often than not (and yes I get the level of skill it takes) the eggs are overdone or by the time I eat 1, the 2nd is overdone. Bardot nailed it!  They were cooked to perfection and so pretty draped in the hollandaise with paprika and tiny green onion chopped on top. The crab cake tucked underneath was all crab and nearly no cake sitting atop a light corn bread. There are roasted potatoes to accompany. 
The omelette was packed to the brim with mushrooms, asparagus and cheese. Also accompanied by potatoes and additionally a lightly dressed mixed green salad with a bright citrus dressing.  According to my husband who didn't leave a crumb, it was amazing. 
Now here's the deal... It isn't difficult to cook bacon. But!!  It IS difficult to make bacon even better than it already is. Maybe it's the thickness of the slices or maybe it's how it was cooked but the bacon was so good and a generous amount as a side dish. 
They've got a diverse draft list and a cocktails list which included the classic mimosa at $5/each at happy hour. ($8 regularly). 
Briefly checking out the dinner menu and judging by brunch the selections were equally as appetizing and I am excited to return to try them out. 
Go- enjoy- go again- you won't regret it.Place was awesome the decor was cool and the food was scrumptrilescent I ate way too much now my poor girlfriend has to piggy back me to carWe reserved a table for 10 people yesterday for brunch, and it was absolutely an amazing experience for us! The price was fair and the service was great! Food was delicious and pretty! Me and my friends had tons of fun dining at Bardot cafe, took lots of pics in and out of the restaurant. It was classic! Love it. Def coming back.I was out with my boyfriend in the city and needed to get out from the cold. We ended up ordering a ruben and we both ordered the cinnamon teas. The food was amazing but the service was horrible. 
The bar was empty besides a few others and we were taking our time and curling up to one another. The waitress served us and quickly pushed us of the door into the door without letting us enjoy our meal.
No matter how good the food is when you're unable to enjoy a quiet evening with the person you love it completely destroys any respect I have for a bar that prides itself on atmosphere. I suppose next time we'll act like an Amish couple and sit across the table staring at one another showing no affection what so ever.
If you're a couple looking for a romantic night, avoid this place. You'll only get 15 minutes.Staff was incredibly obnoxious. Came here with a friend on a quiet evening, only to have the bartender (or whoever it was) behind the counter cursing, being loud, and slamming his fist on the table. Someone's got problems.
There are a few other Yelp reviews mentioning issues with Bardot's staff. It's a shame because there are so many over-crowded places in NoLibs and in the city, and this location is a bit more low-key. See ya!I love this place! Incredible service, atmosphere, drinks, and food. The happy hour deals are a steal. The bartenders always go above and beyond. Every time I come I am excited to come back! I got the fried chicken sandwich which was divine. I also drank a delicious "thief on the run". Definitely will be back soon!Came here 2x this past weekend! Once at night for drinks and then the following morning for brunch.  At night its a really nice chill ambiance. We sat at the bar with very friendly bartenders and ordered wine and dirty martinis.  Drinks were good.  Next morning we all had bloody marys which were really good with an awesome presentation.  For my breakfast I ordered the lamb omelet, it was amazing and I really liked that its not salty. My options were very limited because it was passover. My cousin ordered the mushroom omelet and said it was amazing. This is a great local bar "hole in a wall" and its very enjoyable. Coming back here for dinner in the near future.Excellent food and excellent service!! Really Good cocktails & dinner menu and the brunch is delicious. I had the mushroom omelette and it was one of the best I've ever had. Will definitely be going back.Super sexy great date spot. food and drinks were fantastic. Service was a little slow but it gave me more time with my honey in this dimll lit romantic room. I loved it!!!This hidden gem in No. libs is one of my favorite places to eat in the city. The wait staff, atmosphere, and cocktails are great, but the real reason to come to Bardot is for the food. The chicken liver mousse is amazing along with everything else on the menu. I couldn't even pick a favorite dish because they're all so good! We've only eaten here for dinner so far and can't wait to try out their brunch.Dropped in here for some apps and drinks a few weeks back and it was good. The wines, beers, and cocktails are well thought out and everything was good. The food is very good and I would like to go back and try a few other things. I ended up getting the burger and it was really really good, no complaints I know that. As for the price, the food is reasonable but where you will spend money is drinks so just be prepared for that. All in all a great place and I would like to go back when it matures a bit more. This place is perfect for this weather because they just open the windows and let everything be open air.This was the 2nd time I visited the establishment.  Truly disappointed this time.  We ordered the pickled red and golden beets.  My sister and I split.  They were excellent.   For my dinner I ordered the lamb chili.   The use of cumin overpowered the lamb and the meat was tough.  I also ordered the fried brussel sprouts with tbe bacon. When they arrived at the table the were barely warm and I was expecting them to have a crunch.  Much to my surprise they were soggy like the absorbed too much oil.  The bacon wasn't crispy either.  I don't know if the oil wasn't hot enough or the kitchen staff was far more focused on the outcome of the Eagles game.  The dining area is way too dark.  Ambiance is one thing but this makes me wonder if they are trying to hide something. I am not sure if this was just an off night, as my previous visit I would have rated the place at least 4.5 stars, or if the food aspect has really gone down.  Don't think I will visit again, cetainly not in the near future.Definitely my favorite bar in town. Their happy hour can't be beat- 50% off beers, including growler fill ups, and food specials between 5:00 and 7:00 and week nights. Their food is delicious, bar tenders are friendly and outdoor seating is a plus.I recently had dinner here and everything was delicious. For appetizers, we tried the rabbit crepe, octopus, and the cured artic char. For dinner we had the spaghettini noir and the short rib. Everything was great, I am glad I finally tried this place after passing by it dozens of times.Ok. We had really high hopes for Cafe Bardot. Yelp reviews were pretty good--but oddly the most recent one was from October 2015, a bit long ago. From the outside, and the inside, it's exactly what you want to see--a small, hidden gem, on a side street, with a nice bar, great lighting, good music and a special, fun side area with curtains, to hang out and drink in private. And then, it all fell apart.  There's something wrong with this restaurant, as we were told, with "staff issues".  That may have been the reason why it took 25 minutes for one of our party's drink to arrive well after the other ones were--and, oddly why there was only a bartender, a barback, and a hostess (no wait staff) to handle the whole place. But that was just the beginning of a night of total failure unlike we have seen, ever. We knew something was up when we were told that it would be 45 minutes to an hour for food to come out, even though the restaurant was 1/3 full (about 15 people).  Then, we saw a whole table get up because they were told about food not even being able to come out--and they left right in front of us.  So, we ordered more drinks to wait it out--but even then, they took forever again, sitting in view at the bar, until finally one of our table just went up and got them.  Something was totally wrong and so we finally had enough--after watching an incredibly valiant hostess fight back tears to try to explain it all and make it all good. And so we left, 90 minutes after getting there, with the most difficult time ever getting drinks to the table, let alone any food.  So, until this restaurant gets itself fixed--check before you go--beware.  Don't get me wrong--this little gem has incredible potential and probably was something wonderful before. But something is wrong when a restaurant less than half full can't even get food out (with a very limited menu) or drinks up (beers!) in any kind of timeliness.  I was so mad, I wanted to find out the owner's name and call them up and ask--"What's going on with your restaurant?"--"You're blowing it."  And then, we gave up, and we left.  And just to be clear--we're not people that really complain a lot and we gave it every chance.Wow. Totally blown away. Space is beautiful, music was great, and the service was excellent.  Drinks were on point and the food was out of this world! Every bite is like wtf is going on? How do you taste so good? I can't believe I waited so long to stop in.  A definite repeat. This place is a combination of Emmanuelle and Johnny Brenda's with the best bar food ever. Amazed.We were here on Wednesday foe happy hours. They had half off beers and $5 apps of the day. For apps we had option of chicken fingers and buffalo shrimp. We took buffalo shrimp amd for beers I tried Allagash tripple and my wife ordered Pumpkin Ale. Half of the beer menu was not on happy hour, indicated by 2 * next to the beer. My beer wss very strong with very mild flavors. Pumpkin ale on the other hand was very flavored and had nutmeg aftertaste. Loved it. Shrimp was a bit salty too my liking but well cooked.we ordered bardot burger. The fries were thin and crispy.  Burger was very juicy but a bit small in size. For the price I expected more from the burger.  They were very generous on the fries, I hope next yime they are a bit generous on the burger too. The ambience was nice. They had TVs begind the bar playing all games. There is a small seating area on the other side with dim lighting TV,  perfect for a date.
Overall a decent place for date, not the best place for happy hours.Bardot is great great great. Great bartenders, great servers, great food, great happy hour specials, great atmosphere, great location. They've got the burger.. and it's really awesome (and typically cooked perfectly, I've had it a few times). They've got fancy more expensive food, and that's awesome too. We live in the neighborhood and were psyched to find out that it's living up to expectations. We just hope it catches on enough to stick around for awhile.. part of that is just that people don't know about it and it's a little off the beaten track.. Being Dennis Hewlett's new place (he's known for the P.O.P.E., also great in that divey with great beer kind of way), I'm guessing he's waiting for word of mouth to spread. 
And to the guy who posted the review about the burger not being cooked enough for you.. why wouldn't you just explain it to them and ask for a new one? I mean, they're pretty awesome and I'm sure they'd have made you a new burg. It wasn't like there was anything wrong with it.. Just relax buddy. No need to rip on the reputation by Yelping about it.Six small wings for $10?  When asked if this was the half size order due to the small portion amount, a cook came out to the bar slamming down a single wing to complete a grand total of seven small wings for $10.  Thanks for the generosity guys!I'm in fear and loathing of having to write a positive review for this place. I simply do not want other people to find out how wonderful it is. Unfortunately, I have to. I've visited on several occasions late at night for Drinks. The cocktails are creative, well crafted, and most importantly delicious. The staff is friendly and attentive without being overbearing. The Decour is fresh and new but not overtly modern, giving it a great old world feel. I have yet to make it in for a meal here but I look forward to the experience.
Also of note, there are two numbered pieces of art on the wall here. They are by Ralph Steadman who is also one of my personal favorite illustrators. His style is a bit different but it fits well in this bar.Enjoyed my second visit to Bardot.  As before, cocktails and beer list are solid.  The food is done with great care.  I've sent several of my clients to visit Bardot for a post dinner snack and a cocktail, and they've all enjoyed it.  I would visit more if they had an outdoor table, but that can't be helped.  I thought the bill was reasonable for the drinks and quality of food.The menu is sparse, but you honestly can't go wrong here. The two meals I've had here thus far have both been memorable and well-crafted. My first meal here was back in January (char, duck, and pork belly) - again, very memorable. My second was last night -- arancini, mussels with chorizo, and butternut squash risotto. Even though they were "all out" of our first choices, our second choices on the menu were excellent and the drinks were very creative (keep your right up and sympathy for the devil).Love love love love this place! The customer service here was phenomenal. The waitress and busboy were consistently cleaning our table away etc. This place is a little hidden gem. Small menu, large bar selection. Their egg Benedict are to die for! anything in the menu is fresh, well cooked and lovely presentation. I am a huge coffee person.... the coffee was just how I like it! That just seals the deal for me lol. I will certainly be coming back, parking is limited in that one way street. But if you aren't rushing and don't mind walking you'll find something. Overall, I was impressed with the service. Oh did I mention they have a lovely playlist playing. More than likely you'll sit there for an extra 15-20 min after your meal having a drink. Its a great brunch place. There is a few outdoor tables available. 2 people with entrees,coffee and alcoholic beverages around $50.00 not a bad deal.I went there for lunch today and my waitress Alex was super nice and the bar staff was very welcoming. Great vibe on a nice day and I love the decorum inside. I would certainly go back for dinner with friends for drinks and food. The food today was very tasty and packed with flavor! My only concern is I don't want to share with too many people of fear of not having it all to myself. haha 
So happy I went to Bardot. Will def be going back AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.My husband and I came here 2/24 for happy hour and were ignored by the bartender. It wasn't busy but she didn't acknowledging us until we asked if we could order drinks. This was the same for food. We ordered a couple apps and they sat in front of us till we left. She seemed more interested in talking to her friends next to us. Never asked how anything was or if we wanted more drinks...the guy who was bar backing got most of the things we needed and even brought us our check?!? Really?!? We were giving this place a second chance since they stopped serving the steak we use to love (Coulotte). Its official: we won't be back.  
This really screwed up our night as this is where we planned on getting dinner...but left because the service was so bad. She was right in front of us when we left too ( talking to her friends ) and didn't bother saying bye. 
Never again.Great spot with cool tile artwork on the outside. One of the best burgers I've ever had.  I have had a lot of burgers.An excellent place for a date.  Small tables, darker lighting, romantic.  My significant other and I came here for a late valentine's day dinner (and walked back in the snow).
We tried a few cocktails, I liked the weekend (a bourbon drink mixed with red wine).  There were also some specialty cocktails for the holiday that were very good.
We shared the pork belly appetizer.  This is a small plate, just enough for two to try the pork, served with a sherry glaze on top of peas.  The pork was perfectly cooked, I would love to see a pork belly dish as an entree.
I had the duck cassoulet.  It was served with kale in a cream sauce.  It was tasty, all the flavors worked well together.  She had the eggs en cocotte.  This was a pork dish served with tomato, feta, and egg.  This reminded me a lot of a ragu, the largest flavor in the dish was tomato.  It was pretty good, though much more her type of dish than mine.  
For dessert, the cocoa banana bread.  I liked how dense the banana bread was.  It paired well with the ice cream and the fudge.   
Service was great, I barely noticed them throughout the meal (which is perfect for a place like this).What a gem!  I live nearby, so I had waited with anticipation to see what would fill the former Wino space.  
My wife and I got dinner -- we got the Falafel appetizer; I got the pastrami Reuben; she got the curry chicken sandwich.  Each was served with the pomme frites (French style fries). 
The Falafel appetizer was, and I don't use this description often - perfect.  The Falafel were tender, hot and tasty -- not the crunch, mealy Falafel that is sold cheaply.  And included amongst the hummus was a touch of pomegranate, giving what could be a run of the mill appetizer vibrant flavor. 
By the same token, the pastrami sandwich was tender and delicious.  
My only nitpick -- I think with the pastrami sandwich, steak fries are the way the go; large fries have a creaminess that the small pomme frites lack.  But I realize that "fancy" restaurants tend not to serve streak fries, so this probably won't happen.
With a first meal like that, I'm eagerly awaiting an excuse to come back for seconds.We came in a large party for our 2 birthday girls. Food was overall good, and although service was attentive throughout, it was a bit awkward at the end. We ordered cheesecake and creme bulee for our two birthday girls and out came 2 bread puddings. When we told them the items were incorrect, our server replied, "Well, we ran out of cheesecake and creme brûlée." Um...what? Then shouldn't you have given us a heads up before bringing out something completely irrelevant? Who allowed you to make that decision on your own when we are the ones paying for it? We ended up leaving half of the desserts behind because it wasn't even something we wanted. They didn't even comp it at the end, even though we didn't order them!! How absurd. 
Overall I think I would come again for a regular meal but wouldn't depend on these folks for a special occasion.This place is very well-done overall; from the decor, the vibe, the food to the service which was very accommodating, friendly and knowledgeable. The spaghettini noir was out of this world. The house wines were both fabu. The cheese plate was well-rounded, the accouterments were creative and paired well. My only complaint: extra bread was extra money. Bread is inexpensive and should be endless, in my opinion, this came across as very tacky and completely out of sorts for the Bardot cafe.This is by far my favorite bar in Philadelphia. I highly recommend the burger, the alcove (intimate place to sit with friends ) and the draft beer. This place excels at everything they do. The service is always friendly, the drinks are always on point and the happy hour is the best. Breweries like 2SP and Tired Hands are often on draft. If you're looking for a intimate date night, a fun night out with friends or just a friendly bartender to talk to this is your place.Food is decent but drinks are probably better. Nice atmosphere, but maybe too dark? Overall, a consistent bar spot for my partner and I. Definitely want to try the dessertAmazing. Food was perfect.  Me and my date shared a few small plates. It was really good. I recommend the liver mousse. The atmosphere was really nice and service was great.Great beer list, great cocktails and really nice wine selection, very reasonable pricing.  We ordered the octo, steak tartare and both were awesome.  My girlfriend ordered the mussels special, which was also awesome.   
Now here is why this place gets 3 stars.  I ordered the burger, sounded awesome, heard good things.  It came out and looked great, I took a bite and spit it out.  It was easily the saltiest thing I have ever been served in a restaurant.  Not just salty but salty beyond being edible for anyone.  I made my girlfriend try it just to be sure and she spit it out as well.  I sent it back and the bartender was very accommodating and apologetic.  He asked if there was something else I'd like but I wanted a burger so I gave it a second shot.  Having worked in kitchens for the last 8 years I know what happens if something gets sent back.  There is usually a mad rush to get a replacement out ASAP.  Well the second burger came out a few minutes later, first bite was great, second bite and upon examining the middle I noticed it was just charred on the outside and raw in the middle.  Cold and raw.  I really didn't feel like waiting for a third, so I ate the fries(which were great) and the outer edge of the burger which was probably not the best idea, being that I woke in the middle of the night and have been suffering food poisoning symptoms for the last 2 days.  Was it for sure the burger ?  Maybe not, but there is a good chance it was.  
I will go back to Bardot and give it another shot, cause the rest of the food was great.  But I don't think I'll be ordering the burger again.