Absolutely amazing!!! My girlfriend and I went on a Wednesday night for Restaurant week and didn't know what to expect but we were overly satisfied. We ordered blood orange margaritas and they were strong and delicious. For our appetizers we had meatballs and let me tell you they weren't your average meatballs. They were veal and beef meatballs that melted in your mouth. Our other appetizer was some sort of grilled cheese that was amazing as well. For our entree we had the fishermen stew that was full of flavor and well balanced. Initially I did not think I was going to like it but it was to die for. Every element of the stew had it's own flavor and it was properly cooked. My girlfriend ordered the steak that came with cauliflower puree and a vegetable medley that was delicious as well. This was the first time we had ever ordered our steak to be medium-well and ever since we've been hooked. The steak was so juicy, tender and seasoned so eloquently and the puree was seasoned beautifully as well. 
The service there was amazing!! I forget the waitors name but he was great with the menu. He helped us order and came back frequently to check on us. 
Overall I think BARRA is amazing. It's not expensive and it is very intimate.  If you are looking for good food and great service at a reasonable price, BARRA is the place to go!!!!the drinks suckkkkkkk!!!!!
worst service ever!!!!!!
make sure you bring cash. paying with a card, they add a extra charge just for that! never again!!!!!!!!!!We were in Philly to participate in the recent Philadelphia Marathon and like every other runner in town, decided to have Italian for dinner ( carb-loading) . The management at Barra certainly did not know about the marathon and were not prepared for every seat in the house to be filled from 7-9pm. Originally reserved as a party of 4, we arrived 15 min early and requested to add 1 more seat for dinner and were told by the manager to sit at the bar and he ,"hoped a table would open up for us". My friends and I thought this was strange, as we knew they would just add one more seat to our original table ( which they did). Why make a big deal, Barra? Seating was an issue-note to anyone planning to eat here-the seating along the wall (leather lounge bench) has much less cushioning that expected..you drop down a few inches and it makes uncomfortable seating for dinner. You will need to sit at the very edge of the bench(wooden area) to be at the same level as those seated in chairs and to eat your meal. Our appetizer,Margherita Pizza,arrived in 20 min (a bit of a wait, but we understood they were busy) and was delicious. Our dinners arrived 30 min after we finished the pizza (obviously some grumbles here, hungry runners are not happy people) Dinner -Penne and Meatballs for me, Lasagna, Chicken Parm for others was underwhelming. MIne arrived cold and the meatballs were dry and tasteless. I hope next year Barra will be prepared for the arrival of carb-loading runners who love Italian cuisine pre-marathon, but we will be dining elsewhere.The place is a joke. The two medium cooked burgers took over a half an hour to be prepared.
They have a strange bathroom where the doors are transparent until you lock them. Sounds cool. Until 5 minutes into the number two experience the door randomly becomes transparent again while I have toilet paper in my hand and my genitals fully exposed. Oh and yes, there just happened to be a person staring at me in shock. While I stood there in shock. It could have been a child. 
When I shared this disastrous experience with the bartender who was serving us, there was no apology of any sort. I was laughed at like it was a joke. I'm engaged to an attorney and will be looking into pursuing legal action. This simply is not okay.I was looking for something different for lunch in the Old City area.  Let's say, I should have stuck with my cheesesteak wrap from Gianfrancos!  I found them on Grubhub and it sounded great!  I ordered a buffalo chicken wrap which had a "*" next to it indicating it was a restaurant favorite.  It also came with french fries.  Once you added the tip on, it ended up costing me $14 for delivery.  It arrived in fairly good time, but I am not sure when the french fries were hot, it was long before they arrived here.  They looked like had they been fresh, they would have tasted good, but they were cold and hard.  The wrap itself was so far from what I was hoping for.  When ordering, it gives you the option of hot or mild sauce.  I chose mild.  I cannot imagine what the hot choice was like since the mild made my mouth feel on fire!  It says it contains blue cheese and I requested extra blue cheese.  I got one small 1oz soufle cup, none was inside the wrap as I was anticpating.  This was about enough for 1/2 of 1/2 of the wrap.  I was definitely disappointed!This place is awesome. The pizza comes out thin but crispy and its authentic brick oven. Awesome craft beer selection and knowledgable bar tenders. I will be back a thousand times.All of the employees were really enthusiastic and attentive. Good beers on tap (Stella, Victory, Flying Fish..) If you are going to split a pizza between two people, I would get an appetizer too. Pizzas are a good size, crispy thin crust, good sauce, we had the margharita. Calamari was crispy and delicious. Prices are reasonable, spent $50 for two people, I'd go back and try more of the more unique pies!Stopped here for lunch and got their brick oven burger - and it was amazing!  The service was a bit slow during the lunch rush, but they only had one waitress, and she was very apologetic.  The atmosphere is really nice and classy.  They are BYOB, however with a $15 corking fee.
As far as a lunch spot I highly recommend, and will definitely go back soon!Barra left me flabbergasted, hungary, and after three drinks feeling like I had no alcohol whatsoever.  A friend and I sat at the bar and ordered cocktails.  The glasses were small and you could barely taste the alcohol.  One was so bad, I asked the bar tender to add a bit more.  Onto dinner.  We just ordered a chicken ceaser and the mussels appetizer.  The chicken ceaser wasn't bad and the dressing was great.  The mussels tasted like they were frozen two days after they went bad.
Now get this!  i get my bill and they tack on a $10 service charge for eating at their establishment.  I asked the waitress what it was all about, and she says they charge that to everyone and asked if i would like to have that removed.  I told her she will absolutely remove it.  I then questioned the manager, and he told me that it was for tips because too many people don't leave tips.  Yea right.  How many people don't look at their check and just pay that.  
Barra losses my business just over that.Left a lot to be desired. Our waitress, while nice, was unprofessional and had no presentation skills considering the caliber if service usually found in Olde City. We were told Happy Hours drinks were only for people sitting at the bar (we were outside) which I have never experienced at any other restaurant. The entire service was very slow and our server did not come back to check on us after the food was served which was a problem because I found a long black hair in my salad.  We ordered the three toast spreads, Caesar Salad and Mushroom Salad; the food was fine (other than the hair) but not exceptional for the price. There are so many great places in Olde City that I will not be returning here.My friends and I love this place- it's a bit off of the beaten path so it's not full of loud drunks;) The food and service have always been great! The atmosphere is nice, open and clean. LOVE IT!!Where do I begin? My husband and I were seated at a table that was away from the rest of the restaurant and directly in the path of the door. So whenever the door opened, we felt the cold winter air. There were booths open in the back that we could have sat at. Then, our server came over and didn't greet us but just asked what we wanted to drink. She took our order and then presented us with stale bread. We asked for new bread and all they did was heat it up and put oil on it. Stale is stale no matter how you try to dress it up. There were 2 managers holding up the bar in front of our table, and you would have thought one of them would have come over to make sure we were doing ok, once we complained about the bread.
After that we decided that it wasn't even worth our time to stay for a meal that we probably wouldn't haven't enjoyed. The experience so far killed it for us. So we paid for our drinks and left. 
Fortunately, we found Spasso a few blocks down and had an amazing meal and experience.Took 20+ minutes for food even though the restaurant was empty. Burger was really really bad. Never write yelp reviews, ever, but people truly deserve a warning before going to this place.If my experience at Barra today (Wednesday, Nov 18, 2015 at 12 noon for lunch) is any guide, then this restaurant is a complete waste of time and money; to put it a little differently, even with a Groupon that provided $20.00 of food for $8.80, the place wasn't worth it; or to put it another way, if a crack in the earth opened up right below Barra, which was then sucked into an abyss and never heard from or seen again, it would not be missed by the restaurant community of Philadelphia.  
Here is why I am so negative about this place (which is, by the way, at night a bar and hookah club that perhaps is okay, but in this review I am merely addressing the quality of the food and the management's ethics): 
I had ordered an entree that was supposed to be a half-chicken, plus side of roast potatoes, and some broccoli. Even though there was no queue (I was the only person at a table), the kitchen took 30 minutes to prepare my dish, which, when it came out, consisted not of a half-chicken, but rather two minuscule pieces of chicken (a leg and a portion of a breast, perhaps of a capon or some other kind of miniature bird or baby bird), plus the potato and vegetable.  
When I protested to the server (Tianna, a very nice person who, I hope, can manage to get another job--elsewhere), she in turn sent over the owner, a Mr. Ahmad (sp?), who agreed with me that a half-chicken should consist of a leg, a thigh, a breast and a wing.  He apologized for the confusion caused by the fact that his cook was only working there one month (what an explanation!), and promised that in 15 minutes a new dish would come out of the kitchen with a real half-chicken on it!  We also agreed that the potato and vegetable would NOT be warmed over, but rather prepared anew.
The promises were not kept.
Rather, what came out, 28 Minutes Later (not 15 minutes) was the following:
1. the same two pieces of miniature chicken (the leg and breast, now quite thoroughly dried out);
2. a third piece of miniature chicken, perhaps a portion of a breast, not a dried out as the other two;
3. but there certainly was no wing (maybe it was so small or lightweight that it just flew away before the plate arrived at my table);
4. moreover, the broccoli was NOT (as promised) newly prepared, but the same old stuff, now soggy from overcooking, albeit enhanced by some green pepper which, having been cooked only once, not only was fine; however, this disparity also made it painfully clear, by way of comparison, that the broccoli had been (excessively) warmed over;
5. and finally, the roast potato side was NOT (as promised) prepared over from scratch, but rather was the same old potatoes, now enhanced (?) by their having been sauteed in oil with onion; and as with the broccoli, because the added element (earlier green pepper, now onions) tasted fine, it merely underscored the fact that the principal item (earlier broccoli, now potato) had been overcooked via re-warming.
Good grief!  
So, I left a 20% tip for Tianna (after all, it really wasn't her fault that the owner and/or cook are abysmally unprofessional), and then I went home and called a couple friends, urging them to cancel Groupons that they themselves had purchased for this pathetic joke of a dining establishment. 
Most "new" restaurants are out of business within two years; very few survive for a lifetime, like Bistro Romano, which is just a few blocks away.  Barra's food operation (again, I don't know about the bar or hookah club) deserves to go out of business IMMEDIATELY.  
So, dear readers--don't waste your time or your money at Barra!I like this place. 
We just happen to walk in after walking around the historical spots in the city.  I was ready to eat.
Was really hungry from all the walking, so after a quick look through of the app section, decided that when the waitress came by for drink orders I would put in an order for the hummus and bean dip appetizer.  Really really love the mussels in red sauce which was tomato based, the salmon was good too.  Overall, everything was good.  I could not complain at all because the food came out quick and hot.  Memorable!  Memorable more so because I am so used to have mussels in some white sauce i.e. white wine, garlic, butter, etc. but this tomato based sauce for the mussels was mind blowing.
Overall, our experience was good, the food came out timely, our server was great.  I like that it was open kitchen.  When we came in, some of the staff was prepping. It looked almost like dumplings.  They must cook upstairs too because I saw the server come down with our food.  
The bathrooms are cool, the server reminded us to make sure to turn the latch so that the 'cloud' would foam up the glass on the door---if no, well, everyone gets to see you powdering your nose among other things.
Thank you for such a great lunch!  
Cash and credit accepted, there is a bar area for parties, parking is on street.The food was just ok and we waited a long time for it, even though the restaurant was almost empty.  When I spoke to the manager he came out and and changed the bill to help our mood.so I was super excited to come here as my wife had brought home this awesome garlic pizza from lunch a few weeks ago. We decided to check it out for dinner last night and I have to say, I was pretty disappointed. The decor is great, very nice well thought out. Except the tables. for some reason, the tables are awkwardly close to booth seats, which is odd. I ordered the short rib ravioli in red sauce and the wife had this burger baked in dough. Now her burger and fries were great! But that's not what this place is based on, burgers. My ravioli were completely submerged in sauce, and you couldn't tell where the ravioli were without digging through a pile of sauce. When I did finally make my way to the ravioli, the shells were very chewy and the short rib filling was barely existent. I did manage to try som eof the filling that fell out of the ravioli, and it was just a small ball of mushy meat. I will say the sauce was very good, but the amount of sauce to ravioli made me feel as if I was bobbing for ravioli. Our server was VERY good and attentive, which is a plus. The big negative with the serice was the restaurant was super dead (I think one other table) and there were maybe 5 servers on staff. Normaly that wouldn't be a big deal, but our table was right by where the servers input their orders and they decided to huddle up right next to our table and complain about money and not being paid enough. You know, the age old argument "service workers should receive a salary instead of just tips". Not that I agree or disagree, just don't want to listen to that while I'm tryhing to enjoy my dinner. all in all, the food was just okay and I don't think i'll be back.Went here for drinks with friends! Crowd was okay, but the drinks were decently strong plus service was very fast. No frills type of place for me. They also connect to a hookah lounge next door -- pretty convenient if you suddenly get the urge to dance, which I get probably every 5 seconds. Bouncer (not sure if he's the regular one there or not) was hilarious.Went on a Saturday night before going to see an 8:00 movie at the Ritz 5.  Thought I had made a reservation using the Yelp site, but when I got there, at 6:30 it wasn't in the system.  After a few minutes a table was readied for us (the restaurant was busy, so we were grateful).  It was down hill from there.  We had to ask several times for a server.  Finally, one "volunteered" to take our order.  At 7:10, after being ignored, our server told us it would be another 15 minutes before our salad would be served!  At 7:40 our pizza arrived, giving us just 15 minutes to eat in order to get to the theater in time (we had mentioned several times that we were going to see a movie!!).  The salads were OK, although I thought the Caesar. Salad was overdressed, and the pizzas were OK.  So don't go here if you come hungry or are have a time constraint.  I won't be back.Came here for restaurant week.
So-so, not overly impressed with the food, service, or wine list. Overall, just eh.We went here because we saw it on the 1,000 pts. list for Open Table.  My husband had one of their wood fired pizzas -- he said it was VERY good.  Also, we split their meatball appetizer, and that was excellent.
I had their crab pasta in a lemon cream sauce.  The waitress said it was very good, but I don't suggest it.  The sauce lacked flavor and the crab was scarce.
I have to mention that the place was pretty empty when we arrived, so all of the staff - and who I assume is the manager (in street attire) - were sitting at the bar.  It's always awkward when you see that; it makes me feel like we're inconveniencing them.  And they continued to sit at the bar  (located right next to our table), until business picked up.
So just three stars because while our server was nice, she forgot the salad I ordered, the bathrooms needed attending, and the restaurant is attached to a Hookah place next door with only a thin door separating the areas -- the smell destroyed the brick oven scent.I ordered delivery from this place on a night I wasn't really into cooking.  My boyfriend ordered a a sandwich special while I ordered the barra blt.  the food arrived fairly quickly but when it got there both items were literally burnt to a crisp.  Inedible, we couldn't get past the first bite.  How the restaurant managed to ignore how burnt these sandwiches were and send them out for delivery is beyond me, won't be ordering from them again.If you've got anywhere to be after dinner, this is not the place for you. Also not the place if you show up hungry. I went to dinner here with 3 friends. Here's a timeline of our dinner: Reservation for 6:15. Sat at 6:20. Ordered about 6:30. First meal served (a salad) at 6:50. 7:00 bread requested because we were tired of waiting for food. Next two entrees served at 7:13. Bread delivered at 7:19. My pizza was served at 7:44. We then ran to our movie at the ritz to arrive only 5 minutes late for the 8:00 show.  In the entire time we were sitting there, our waitress refused to acknowledge us after she originally took our order until we called over a manager. One friend ordered a second wine, which was not served until she was finished her meal 20 minutes later, after we reminded multiple servers that we had ordered it. The rest of us never were given the opportunity to order a second round. When my pizza was finally served, we called the manager over to point out the fact that everyone else had finished their meals, while mine had only just arrived. The excuse we were given was, "Our pizza oven is only so big." (So I guess that's a tip - if you do bother going here, don't order the pizza.) It was also under cooked. Finally when we did get the bill, they had comped us for the pizza, but charged us for THE BREAD - the bread we'd asked for only because we weren't being served our meals. There was one competent waitress that felt bad for us and at least filled our waters throughout (because our waitress obviously wasn't doing it) and got us the to go pizza box - thanks red head waitress. These guys will go out of business as quickly as everything else that's been in that spot if they keep hiring staff based on their bra size. 
There's lots of amazing places to eat in the city with great service. My recommendation is that you go to one of those places instead of Barra.We went to Barra Friday night after being there a few years ago and enjoying it. Something has gone terribly wrong since then! To start, we were sat in a booth with big holes on the leather seat. When asked to move, we were told that it know turns into Hookah lounge around 10pm with a DJ and that was probably the result of that . This was not what we found 2 years ago. Our waitress brought over a bread basket while we waited for our food. We were starved so we munched on the bread until our food came. It had to be the worse bread we were EVER served. It was hard and stale. We asked for another basket. The second came out warm and stale.
I am a pizza lover, so was excited to try the brick oven pizza that I remember raving about in the past. The oven that I remember burning brightly, was dim and shut down. We were told that they are working on getting a piece for it and they are now making the pizza's upstairs..so we went ahead and ordered 2 pizza and a few other dishes. As the dishes came out 1 by 1, the night proceeded to decline quickly. We got the beets salad and the mussels which were both ok. The cheese and meats board was the farthest from cured meats!! The braised short rib ravioli sounded so good that we couldn't wait to try. When we dug in, we were disappointed to find jarred sauce that clearly spelled preservatives!! Finally on to the anticipated pizza. We each picked up a slice but again to our dismay, it was a lifeless, jarred sauce, uncooked disaster. We called over our waitress that could have not been nicer and apologetic. We asked to speak to the manager. This was probably the worse part of the night if you can imagine. Very kindly we discussed all of our problem from the bread to the ravioli, to the oven, to the pizza. We told him that we were here before and not sure if management changed but maybe consider sticking to the dance party that was supposed to happen instead of advertising it as a restaurant. He picked up the bread and said "yep it's hard". He did not reply when asked what kind of sauce that was being used on the ravioli. And we picked up the lifeless pizza. We told him we were not paying for the following items. He just said "ok". Never an apology or anything! That is the basic fundamental of customer service. Needless to say, we will never return and will be surprised if the "restaurant portion of this establishment will be around next year for someone else's bad review....This review is simply for their Sat night. I came in after bar hopping a little and the music sounded good from the outside. There was apparently a $10 cover which is kind of ridiculous to me, considering some of the best places in Old City don't even have a cover. Thankfully the bouncer let us in for free (don't know why).
So although the music was good, there was NO ONE dancing inside. There was a ton of empty space and people just gathered in the bar or the booths smoking hookahs and eating. I guess, that's not any fault of Barra itself, but it was just an odd ambiance. It was just my hubby and I that went in, and maybe this is more of a group place because we quickly felt out of the loop and just ended up leaving.
I've been back in another occasion and just same "bleh" feeling. Not a terrible place, but maybe they need an MC or something to get the party started. I will have to go back and try the food and pay more attention to this bathroom door Vinny G. is raving about! lolBrunch was awful.  The pancakes were dry and the waitress served them with a teaspoon. Of syrup.  I had to ask for the whole bottle.  Service was was sub-par at best.  My girlfriend asked if they had white wine and the server replies they only had one kind.  When she asked what kind if white wine , the server had to go back to the bar and ask.  ONE KIND OF WHITE WINE yet they couldn't remember.  Overall, terrible food, terrible service, awkward ambience.  Very few patrons and I isn't that tough to understand why.  I give this place a few months before thy are out if business.Mac and cheese pizza and the caprese salad was average. Nothing to write home about. Bartender was very nice and patient. Not stuck up like at other places.My friends and I decided to try dinner here since it was one of the only places that had a last-minute reservation for our party of 9. Our server recommended the pizzas, so we decide to split a couple of those plus some appetizers.
We started off with two kinds of mussels - the red and the white. The red one was delicious, with a slightly spicy broth. The white one had a thinner and less flavorful broth and wasn't nearly as good. Our next appetizer was the calamari, which was also pretty good.
The pizzas on the menu are split into two types: red and white. Our table decided to try four (two reds, two whites):
- Spiced apple and goat cheese (white) - I was really reluctant to try this one because I don't like goat cheese, but it was surprisingly good. The goat cheese taste wasn't very strong, but I didn't taste much apple either.
- Italian market (red) - my favorite pizza of the night. The toppings were a good mix of sausage and basil.
- Truffle (white) - wasn't a huge fan, mainly because the cheese tasted too much like goat cheese. There could've also been more mushrooms.
- Three little pigs (red) - also wasn't a huge fan. There was a bit too much meat.
The pizzas are advertised as thin crust pizza, but the crust was nowhere near as thin as I expected. On a spectrum of pizza crust thickness, they would be somewhere in the middle but closer to the thick crust end. They were yummy, though.
The restaurant wasn't very crowded for a Saturday night, so our food came out pretty quick and the service was also excellent. Our server, Kyle, was super friendly and hilarious, and played along with us when we started taking bets on what items would be on the dessert menu (shocker of the night: the only dessert offered was strawberry tiramisu). Overall, I'd recommend Barra for their pizza.Went for lunch with some buds. Place was empty. Waited 15 mins for salad and 30 for burgers. Poor waitress didnt get one order right. Burger was okay.STOP! You meant to type in BIRRA. Not BARRA. Simple mistake!
Oh wait, you did mean Barra? Okay, well you are probably reading this because you plan on visiting Barra in the near future. Maybe you are doing a bit of research before you go. After reading several reviews, you will find that there is a consistent message. This restaurant is simply just not that good. In a city where there are so many wonderful dining options, please reconsider attending Barra.
I visited Barra a few months ago for a friend's birthday. I live a few blocks away from another restaurant that is similar to Barra in many ways. Even the name is similar. The restaurant I am referring to is Birra on Tasker and Passyunk. At first glance, even down to the "gabagool" pizza there are many similarities between these two establishments, so much that I even pondered if they shared ownership. Birra is such an amazing place, so I was very pleased to discover all of these similarities.
When I walked into Barra there was not even enough time for me to get to my seat before my disappointment began to settle in. The incredible rotating beer selection of Birra was replaced by 6 domestic drafts and one beer that was described to me as a "chocolately coffee-ish beer - it's gross" by the waitress. The wait staff reminded me of the bullies from my high school.  They were dressed inappropriately, unaccommodating, defensive, and disconnected. It was clear that we were unimportant. We were simply another X amount of patrons that were going to give them Y amount of tip dollars.
I ordered a burger. The burgers can be cooked one of two ways - medium, or well. Admittedly, I was intrigued by the idea of a burger enclosed in pizza dough. It sounded great, so I ordered one cooked medium. Now I ask you, if you were to order a burger that is cooked medium, and this medium temperature is only one of two ways in which they routinely cook burgers, would you expect this burger to be cooked properly? Further, assume that this burger was to be cut in half prior to serving. Now also imagine the individual who cooked this burger, the same one that then proceeded to cut the burger in half, clearly viewed that the inside of the burger was most definitely NOT cooked to a medium temperature. Upon seeing this failure to properly cook to order, the cook then continues to serve the burger anyway. Under these conditions, would you send the burger back? I never send food back... however under these conditions, how could I not?
Along with the other unfortunate events that occurred during our experience, such as the garnish of long blonde hair on my friend's pizza, or the manager's refusal to accept our valid dining card discount, or another manager asking my fiancé tips on removing a hickie in the bathroom, or the jarred sauce that ended up on my fiance's plate of mystery-meat pasta... I left Barra deeply disappointed. Please, go back up to the search bar and type in "Birra."Lunch with Zio Vito was fantastic. I stayed in Philly for a conference and randomly strolled into Barra for lunch. Although there was some construction going on inside, it was a very pleasant experience. Uncle Vito would have been enough for two so I needed a glass of wine to flush. 
Also - I checked in on Yelp and got a discount coupon on the spot. That was nice, although the place is worth full price.Know this: I am a critic when it comes to Italian food, the market is saturated in the area, so if you are going to do it, you better do it exceptionally.  BARRA misses the mark.  
I ordered the vodka penne with shrimp, I also tried the orrecchette with crab meat.  Both were pretty bland.  I kept looking around for seasoning shakers that are at neighborhood pizza places to spice my food up a bit.  Nothing was terrible, it was edible, but not something that I would spend money on again.  
I am curious about the pizzas though.  One of the other members of our party ordered one and I was very jealous. It looked good, and they had some interesting options for toppings. This would be my reason for giving BARRA another shot.  
Our service was friendly, water was filled quickly, everyone had a drink in front of them when they wanted one.  Plus, their signature cocktails aren't bad at all, I forget the names of the ones that I tried, but they were good.
I wish that I could have ordered a hookah and puffed away while I was eating dinner, but I was informed that they are for the hookah bar next door only.  I did appreciate the smell of the shisha as they brought the hookahs next door through the dinning room from BARRA's kitchen.  
The bathrooms are weird, the doors are clear (making the bathroom visible to the dining room) until you lock the door, then it frosts over white.  There was a printed out sign posted, informing people about how it work it.  I can understand why the sign was there, because multiple people were having difficulty.  We saw a couple of diners rushing over to the bathrooms to inform their friends that the door had not frosted over and people could still see them.  The whole bathroom situation was awkward; it made the restaurant seem like it was trying to be more posh than was needed, and ultimately seemed to make make diners more uncomfortable than anything, as people started going to the restroom in twos to make sure the door worked correctly.Not kid friendly. No kids menu and no kid sizes. 
Gets expensive fast for average food. I had the $15 lasagna that came with no salad or bread, that was $9 extra for the salad. 
Parking can be difficult and certainly not free. 
Waitress did not speak English but was friendly. 
Food did not come out all at once for our table. 15 minutes between first person being served and last person. 
Will not return.The drink I had was laughably bad. It tasted like someone blended a bunch of gummi bears with some rainwater and tossed it in a glass. I had a basil/strawberry/vodka/elderflower cocktail, which based on the ingredients should be delicious. I had to basically chug it since it was overly sweet with a really odd pungent aftertaste. Plus, I'm pretty sure we were charged an extra dollar for it. Hmmmm. We did not eat, only had a drink before heading to the movies so I can't say anything about their food, but after that drink, meh, not super stoked on trying the food after all.Terrible food + horrendous service = never returning to this restaurant. I would rank this place below an Olive Garden. Don't be fooled by the relatively hip decor and Old City location. It's a sad excuse for an Italian restaurant. Of note, we ordered antipasti, salads and pasta entrees. I can cook a better meal myself. The service staff also need professional training. What a waste of a Saturday night out. This place is not for foodies.Okay beer list. The pizza was also okay... The egg on my pizza was completely raw so I had to send it back. The rest of the pizza was pretty good but it wasn't anything special. The ambiance is pretty cool though.In a neighborhood loaded with food options, this place makes its own statement.  The idea is for people to share all the plates, so the servings are ample and the flavors are great, plus you have the fun of eating several items.  We started with a caesar salad, which was nice and crisp, with a good tang to the dressing.  Then we shared five big meatballs, a large bowl of mussels in red sauce and and order of English pea and truffle ravioli with caramelized onions.  All were really tasty, though we realized that three mains for two people is too much for us.  Next time we'll bring friends.Did you know that in Sicily, the crust of a pizza has to be of a certain thickness? Neither did I...until the kindly bartender at Barra told me so. 
If not just to enjoy a basic craft beer from a standard tap assortment in an oak environment typical of a shiny new bar that looks as though it could metamorphose into a favorite dive in a couple of decades (after a few more spillages and some hipster art overtakes the walls), then come for the friendly staff and a good chatter.came here for the burgers I heard were delicious. they definitely were. the fries that come in a cute bucket were delicious too. it felt like our food took awhile to come out but we were starving so 10 minutes felt like forever.Great place to stop and have a beer.  There beer and burger special is awesome. Cheap eats, good beer, and low prices make for a winning combo stop in after seeing the sights.  The service was great and very friendly staff. Highly recommend.Went to Barra on Friday night for dinner with a small group. We made a reservation earlier in the day as we weren't sure exactly what to expect. 
We arrived early and sat at the bar for a drink. The bartender was friendly and gave us a few drink menus. It took three different drink orders from me before the bartender was finally able to tell me he had the ingredients that the menu called for. Not really sure why you offer a blood orange margarita if you don't have Blood Orange or why you offer a delicious sounding Dewar's cocktail but don't in fact carry Dewar's. 
We sat down at a cozy booth and order lots of food and drinks. The waiter was a little green but friendly overall. 
The pizza was delicious! We ordered a lot! Ricotta Meatballs and bread app to start was great. The guys at our table split the Three little pigs pizza and the pizza dough wrapped burger, both looked delicious. The ladies split the Truffle pizza (with fried egg, YUM) and the Goat cheese and apple pizza. 
Overall Food was amazing, ambiance was weak and the place was dead for 8:30 on a friday night.Reserved the private room for a 30+ graduation party and had a wonderful experience.  They worked the menu based on our preferences beforehand and served a 5 course meal for a great price as a luncheon.  A bartender was available for drink orders, the service was extremely friendly and very attentive.  There was so much food our large party didn't finish it all!  The food was very tasty, and the ambiance was exceptional.  Great for a group party or family gathering.  Would highly recommend, and would definitely book again.Purchased a discount meal for 4 through Groupon.  The best part of the meal was the appetizers, mussels white & the salumi/cheese board.  Our dinners were a bit disappointing, especially the chioppino, not very tasty and should've been served over pasta for the price.  Just OK meals not much flavor to the meals that we ordered.  There are many more top quality restaurants in the same area for around the same price.  We all agreed that we will not be going back for more.We really enjoy this restaurant in the historic district of old city. It is really close to my workplace - which is convenient. They offer a great special of a burger and domestic beer for $10. And this burger is very good. Wood fired oven everything. To date, we haven't had any food that was unsatisfactory. Happy hour has great deals. The hookah lounge that is attached to the restaurant is also very nice with a bar and serves all of Barra's food. Very friendly staff, good food, good deals, win in my book! Eat it!Absolutely horrible overall experience!! Had reservations then waited 3 hours for our food and they did nothing at all to make it right!! We had two kids 2 and under and we sat down at 610 and didn't leave til 920!! Had to send steak back 2 times and still was way undercooked and had to get it to go because everyone was done eating!! NEVER would recommend this restaurant to anyone!! Horrible!!Went here with a decent size group for New Year's Eve. The place was alright but definitely not worth it. My biggest complaints were that we paid for an open bar and breakfast buffet, but never got any food all night. When we asked about it, the guy working was extremely rude and didn't seemed concerned at all that they were not providing what they advertised. The open bar was a joke, the drinks were extremely weak and the one bartender wouldn't let us order a round of drinks for our friends, each person had to go up individually to get their own drink which was incredibly annoying since everyone in the place had open bar so it wasn't like we were trying to cheat the system or anything. The NYE price was relatively cheap compared to other bars in the area for a package that included open bar and food but since we didn't get any food and the open bar sucked, it wasn't worth it. Save yourself the hassle and go somewhere else.So there were a few little hiccups with our meal last night, but nothing so major that I wouldn't give this place another shot at some point. My apartment is pretty much equidistant from both Birra and Barra and having been to Birra before, when looking for a spot for a little pizza party on a Monday night I jumped on throwing Barra into the mix as an option. Everyone was on board with my choice and so there we were Monday evening chatting with a very friendly bartender over a few drinks in a fairly empty restaurant. 
Taking a look at the menu we were all pretty set on sticking with pizzas, but started first with a pretty rock solid and generously portioned $16 salumi and cheese plate to quell hungry stomachs until the pizza orders were placed. As a table of 6 we ordered four pizzas, three red and one white. In addition, one of our party decided to place an order of the english pea agnolotti which when delivered to the table smelled delicious, but based on size and this persons evaluation of taste did not justify the $13 cost. Shortly after the pasta was taken away, the pizzas arrived and there in their glory was a Gaahlic, Gabagool, Putanesca, and Truffle. Based on other reviews and our own experience, it seems that pizza really is their forte. 
The Gaahlic was definitely garlicky, it was great as a red sauced pizza but could see it being great as a white as well. Topped with roasted garlic pesto, more shaved garlic, and drizzled with a little garlic olive oil, this was definitely a breath buster but well worth it. The Gabagool tied with Truffle for my favorite of the evening, another red sauced pizza covered in mozzarella, cured gabagool (coppa or capicola for you non-Italian mooks), tomatoes and arugula. I thought it would be a tremendously heavy pie, but that it was not. The tomatoes and arugula balanced out the meat quite nicely. Then there was the putanesca, ordered solely because one of our party was hell bent on having it. This is where the fun stopped. One bite and I felt like I had drank a gallon of sea water as my mouth was flooded with a chaotic mix of salty olive, salty caper, salty cheese, and salty anchovy. There was not enough water in the joint to fix the mess in my mouth. Thankfully there was the white truffle pizza to help right things again, covered in truffle oil, shaved black truffles, wild mushrooms as well as tallegio and mozzarella cheeses. The only problem here was an overcooked fried egg that we politely asked to have brought out properly cooked so as to stab and spread the yolky goodness across the pie.
Aside from a lost in translation sauvignon blanc that was delivered as a cabernet sauvignon (a complete black/white mixup), the lackluster pasta, and one overly salty pie, I think we did a-ok in evening the food choice with our selection of pizzas, I'm fairly certain that I would return again. Though my few visits to Birra have been slightly better, the space in Old City lends itself toward more group friendly gatherings plus their slightly smaller dining room has hookah in addition to a full bar. I'm thinking they'll see me again sooner rather than later for a follow up review.It's our 2nd time at Barra- first time we both ordered pizzas and had an amazing meal. This time same great service- same great meal. 
Our server Taylor was such a sweetheart. She got our drinks- the beer menu wasn't on the menu but she gave us the rundown anyway. We had the mussels (white) which was so good and a lot of food. My fiancé ordered the Roma burger- I stole a bite or three and it was to die for. I ordered the Italian market pizza. I'm convinced they make the sausage themselves it was fantastic. The pizza had the right amt of spice and toppings. I could taste each part of it. We had a great time and can't wait to come back. Also took a peek of the brunch menu and want to check that out as well!!Absolutely terrible in every way. I had the misfortune of dining at Barra a couple of weeks ago. Walking in it was a ghost town. It was an omonious sign. My first compliant was with our server giving us the most absolutely ridiculous description of prohibition bartending which he claim they perform. I had the worst Negroini every whoevers idea was it to add orange juice to a classic Negroini shouldn't be bartending. As for the menu nothing exciting and I was livid about the portion size of the $16 cheese board, basically was a few scrapings if that. Next was the so called" best mussels in the city" that the server exclaimed with great relish. No properly cleaned and smother in a bland tomato ragu I you would even call it that. And last was the braised shortrib ravoli actually not bad but was accompanyied by a sauce that made absolutely no sense and ruined the only good that about this night. Not to include the terrible not even toasted bread and obvious service issues it was a to remember. I will certainly not return. And I tell others the same.Avoid - Avoid - Avoid
This place is terrible.  Before visiting Barra I had never experienced such a thoroughly bad combination of service, quality and management.  Something is seriously wrong with this place.  
My wife, son and I stopped into Barra around 5pm on a weekday a couple of weeks ago.  A friendly but very young waitress took our orders.  When she returned with our drinks I was surprised that the beer she described as a pale ale was actually a wheat beer.  But no big deal, I drank it anyway.  My wife had ordered a vodka and soda, but instead was given a tiny glass a bit bigger than a shot glass with nothing but vodka.  My wife pleasantly reminded the waitress that she wanted a vodka and soda.  The waitress took the drink away.  When she returned from the bar the drink had become a faint pink and only a few drops bigger than it had originally been.  My wife expressed surprise but the waitress just shrugged.
The surprises and disappointments continued when the food arrived.  The french onion soup was coated with a mixture of a white cheese and cheddar.  Cheddar???  As I pressed my spoon into the top I was surprised to find that I had to continue pressing deeper and deeper until I finally penetrated a monstrous layer of cheese.  Once I reached the actual soup I was disappointed to find that there was very little liquid.  The cheese overload and bread took up so much room that there was very little space for the soup.
The cheve salad was even more odd and clumsy than everything else.  It was drenched in oil and had a large solid blob of cheve-like (but not actual cheve) cheese dropped into the middle.  The radishes had an overly tart, acidic, biting flavor that is typical when something goes bad.  My wife informed the waitress of the problems with her salad and stated that she wasn't going to be able to eat it.  The waitress went away to talk to the kitchen staff and returned with an assurance that the radishes were ok since they came from a can that had just been opened that day.
We asked to speak to the manager.  We had seen her when we walked in.  In fact, the place only had 2 or 3 other customers and we were nearly outnumbered by the staff.  Yet after waiting for 10 minutes we were told that the manager was too busy to deal with the situation.
Like a chump I just paid the bill and walked away.  It was a mistake to do so, but our waitress was so young and inexperienced I didn't want to raise a fuss since she could get fired over it.  
I've had worse food and worse service.  But I've never encountered such a perfect blend of incompetence in wait staff, kitchen, bar and management.  I don't think that this was just a bad day at Barra.  When a place is failing simultaneously on so many levels I have to think that they've got big problems.Went for brunch before a show. There were seven of us and none of our dishes had an flavor. The best thing was the cappuccino and yogurt with granola and fruit. I could have had yogurt at home.  Everyone that got eggs Benedict got hard boiled eggs instead of poached. The polenta cakes had no flavor. My friend got the cannoli waffle which sounds good but tastes like cardboard, no flavor. The spinach and escarole was missing from other 2 friends crabby Benny.Have never left a review on yelp before but feel compelled to after the awful/disgusting experience at this place. Let's start with small things: took them 30 minutes after our reservation to seat us, the "freshly baked bread" we didn't get for 45 minutes after seating was no more than heated up and sliced pepperidge farm bread. Our appetizer was forgotten, our food took two hours to come (one at a time so we couldn't eat together). 
The big stuff: the manager Ann, for lack of a better word is a b*tch. After we complained about the lack of service, she took no responsibility and blamed it on their "computers that overbooked". Right, no one oversees their reservations? We kindly asked that we at least we receive the food for two friends running a marathon early the next day asap. Never apologizing, she promised "6 minutes" (it had already been an hour and a half). 6 minutes turned into 30, when most of the entrees other than the dishes for the two girls as promised came out. One of those dishes was a salmon dish that looked like the fish had been cooked and waiting for days, not to mention the sides came out wrong. When complained, Ann the manager said they ran out of those sides but they never came back to tell us that. All the food aside from the pizza was barely edible, most of it left sitting on the table. Nothing on the restaurants part was offered for the time and terrible experience we sat through. Eventually after arguing and Ann rolling her eyes like a true professional, she took off $30 for the service charge. Most places would have comped us some for our meals, or a free drink/dessert. This place is a joke. Also just for good measure, they have a fog machine that went off mid-meal. It went really well with the dried out chicken.The kitchen at BARRA is totally outpaced by its seating capacity - on a busy Saturday night , right before the Philly marathon, the place was filled w runners, and it took them over an hour and 20 minutes to serve us. And the food was nothing much to write home about -  the calamari app. lacked salt, & the penne pasta vodka sauce tasted like it came from a bottle,& even the pizza w grilled veggies was not particularly appetizing, seemed it had been sitting for a while, not crisp at all for a thin crust pizza.. The waitress & the manager were apologetic, but had no influence over improving delivery from the kitchen.Clearly a place to avoid on a busy night.We had to shoot over here since we frequent Birra so much.  I like the spot, there were some different things on the menu that I enjoyed trying but the space is obviously a lot different.  Birra will always win but I did enjoy the pizza and staff at this spot.  The bartender, Mike, grew up in the same "hood" as me and really made our time comfortable and fun.  Andrew cooked our pizza that day and made it to perfection.  I may never venture here too often, especially when so close and so familiar with it's older brother but I will definitely give credit where it's due and at least have a safe haven in Olde City.Had a very tasty lunch here. Very friend service from our waitress who was happy to explain the selection of beers here. The tossed salad was lightly dressed and tasty and the pizza was spot on with a very crisp crust that duplicates the crust at their Passyunk location. Would like a larger selection of Italian beers, but the two they have are very good.Had dinner with a girlfriend, we ordered blood orange margaritas which were pretty good. Its always a plus when a restaurant has a full bar with good bartenders.  
We shared a pizza and an app which was enough food for two people.  
I wish they would have more vegetarian options on their menu.  
**They dont combine offers, my friend booked the table through Open Table. I Checked in and was offered 10% off the check.  We showed the offer to our server and then One of the managers stopped by.  He said he did not even realized that they had an offer on yelp.  He took a picture of it and said that the 10% cannot be honored because my friend booked the reservation using OT.  Guess I will use the 10% on my next visitI really wanted to like you, Barra, I really did. I enjoy eating at Birra and was excited that you were opening in Old City so I wouldn't have to troop it all the way down to EPX. I also got excited when I saw that you had put a burger in a hot pocket on your lunch menu. But then I came into you for lunch and I wasn't so excited anymore. 
I was by myself and sat at the bar. There were two other small groups: a couple that was finishing up and leaving, and a trio sitting in a booth. There was a menu on the counter but I came in dying to try the burger pocket. The waitress/hostess showed up in a few minutes and gave me the lunch special menu. I promptly ordered as she returned with my water. She explained the burger was typically served medium rare to medium and I said medium would be fine. So I sipped my water and waited. 
And waited. And waited some more. 
20 minutes went by and finally I saw the other table get food (not sure how long they had been there before me, but clearly they had been there before me and still waited 20 minutes for a pizza & 2 burgers). Then my burger & fries finally came out. While the presentation looked cool (the pizza dough is even seeded like a bun), the burger was definitely not cooked medium; just slightly pink right in the center and the rest cooked through. It was also extremely hot and kind of awkward to eat since everything had been stuffed in the pocket and then it was cut in half. I'm not sure if they cook the burger first and then put it in the pocket and put it in the oven or what but the concept is good in theory & the execution = meh, not so much. Fries were slightly over salted and I didn't even finish them because the burger just felt so heavy with the combination of the baked meat and dough. (FYI - They are claiming the burger is made with Wagyu beef, which I find hard to swallow if they're shelling it out for $5.99. Plus, it's only available during lunch.)
Pros: The place is really big and spacious, which is good for handling large dinner crowds but makes it seem conspicuously empty when it's not busy. The dinner menu also looks promising as it has all the classic favorites from Birra as well as a few extra pasta dishes.  
Cons: There is no website for Barra or Facebook/Twitter account. Not even a mention of it on the Birra website, either.Do not go here if you are expecting Birra, regardless of the same ownership and similar menu. The food is delicious, but very overpriced for small portions. Cocktails were reasonable but we were charged $9 for a pint of Flying Fish ESB?!? The decor and staff attitude belongs at Bleu Martini (which is thankfully now defunct). I was hoping to have somewhere decent to go in Old City but this is definitely not it.My boyfriend and I went to Barra for brunch and we used a Living Social. We had no problem using our Living Social, and we tipped on the food total. 
We both ordered omelettes (I got the veggie, and he ordered the cheesesteak  omelette). We both enjoyed our omelette's but the home-fries were bland and kind of dry. My toast was also very dry (almost like it was stale) so I didn't eat it. Our server was nice but seemed a bit confused. She forgot to bring out our food so the chef bought it over to us. If I was downtown, I would eat here again but I wouldn't make a special trip.I was there during Philadelphia Bar Crawl and I think I'm in love or was maybe a little drunk. The mussel were delicious and the wine was great. Our bartender, was extremely nice and on top of things. I will definitely come backJust had lunch here. No one to greet you on arrival and when finally seated took a while to get the menu. Then ordered a drink and waited again. Finally got to order food but still no drink. Food came eventually and asked after drink. Apparently no bartender on so only wine available. But no one had bothered to tell me  Got red mussels. Very nice but bread was stale. When I complained they took it away but never got a replacement. Generally substandard although waitresses tried to be pleasant. I would not recommend.The burgers are cooked in pizza dough and it just makes all the difference. 
Fries are great too. Haven't tried the rest of the menu but from what I got I was very satisfied as a foodie who just stopped in here randomly.This was hands down the worst meal experience I have ever had; from the two+ hour wait for our cold, incredibly over cooked food, to the horribly unapologetic and unhelpful management. I would never recommend this place to my worst enemy! The kitchen even had the audacity to serve one plate without its quinoa side because 'they ran out' in the two hours we waited but never mentioned it to us or offered a replacement. Not to mention once the food finally did arrive, it was all served in shifts over a span of about 40 mins, so each person had to eat their cold, gross food alone while the rest of the table watched.Uncomfortable dining experience. This meal was originally scheduled for my birthday dinner, and I'm so glad I rescheduled to the next day. It would have made for a sad birthday.
That about sums up the entire meal. I had been here back before it was "Barra" (I think it was Rocchino's) and had raved about this place to people, but Barra was definitely not on par with my previous experience. 
Oddly enough, while most of the previous reviews give props to the service and generally only have complaints about the food, my experience was the opposite. The food was actually pretty good, but the service was just soooo awkward and off-putting. 
We had a Travelzoo voucher, which we presented at the beginning of the meal. The server identified herself as new and went off to discuss the voucher with another server. No problem there; we've all been new to our jobs at one point or another. 
Problems:
The server left us for like 10 minutes, when she came back all she said (literally) was, "Do you know what you want?" Most of the time servers will go over your Groupon or Voucher so you know what you get (especially since she had taken the voucher away, it's a good thing I remembered what the deal was). And at most restaurants the servers try to at least make you feel welcome, tell you about the menu, ask if you want drinks, etc.
The server never offered us drinks. I had to order a Coke from the other server.
She never came back to refill our waters or my Coke once I had it. Once we asked for water (most of the way through the meal) she offered to refill my Coke.
My husband's (incorrect) meal came out much later than mine, so my pizza was almost room temp when it was brought to the table (still ahead of my husband's meal). I had seen it sitting on the counter (not under a heat lamp or anything), so it's no surprise it was chilling out.
She brought my husband the wrong food and when he pointed it out, she basically said, "No you ordered this." I've actually never had a meal in which the server brought the wrong dish, but I'm pretty sure that telling the customer they ordered pasta when the customer said they ordered pizza isn't really protocol. 
To be completely fair, she did get my husband the correct meal, but then when she brought it offered to box my food up. I said, "No, I was waiting to eat mine so that I could eat with my husband." I felt bad at this point because I wasn't trying to ruin her day, but at this point, I was just ready to leave because the atmosphere (the terror-filled look in our server's eyes) and the too-tall bench seat and too-low table were just overwhelmingly uncomfortable. 
We actually wanted to leave without even getting our dessert (even though it was included in the deal), but the other server kindly offered to give it to us to go. This actually allowed the meal to end on a positive note. 
Upside:
My husband's truffle pizza was delicious. My Italian sausage and pepperoni pizza was also very good. 
Comments: The hookahs coming in and out from the adjoining restaurant were amusing, but I didn't have any smell of smoke as was mentioned in another review.I was pretty disappointed with Barra. We ordered the calamari, which was pretty good. The blueberry pepperoncini sauce on the side was good and not too sweet, but the pizza I ordered for my entree was entirely too salty. I ordered the Asparago, which had almost no shaved asparagus on it per the name and instead was covered in cheese and prosciutto. Don't get me wrong, I love both of those things, but when the pizza is called the Asparago you expect more vegetable than meat. Since it's sister restaurant Birra has such amazing pizza, I really expected better from Barra. 
It was also completely empty except for us on a Thursday night which was not a good sign. 
Not great, but not awfulJanis & I were at the Friends & Family Preview opening of BARRA last night, a new Italian themed Restaurant & bar. Owner Gordon has a winner here. The place is beautiful inside. The food is outstanding.Chef Andrew Fox has put together a fantastic menu of new and traditional italian favorites. The pizza & tomatoe pies are cooked in a coal & wood burning oven and are. amazing. This place is the big brother of Birra, our favorite stop on passyunk ave.
 If your in center city or old city, you owe it to yourself to check out BARRAI used to come to this spot when it was a lounge called Paradigm, so I had to come and check out Barra and see what it had to offer.
I must admit the place itself doesn't look that "cute" inside. I recognize a lot of the loungy elements of the place, but it's a good casual spot if you need to grab lunch during the work day. 
I did love the service. everyone was extremely accommodating and sweet. They even send me a free dessert since it was my birthday! 
I tried the while truffle pizza and it was delicious! I also tasted my friend's spiced apples and goat cheese white pizza, and hers was incredible as well. 
Overall definitely I place I'll keep coming back to. Thanks for a great lunch!Salads drenched in dressing and bland. Steak was burnt.  The pasta with crab meat was completely dry and tasteless, i had to add a bunch of salt to eat to be able to eat it. 
Staff kept walking by us with charcoal and hookahs because next door there was a hookah bar, this kept the room smelling like smoke the whole time we where there. Ah and they added an 18% gratuity to the bill..Underwhelming. We went here for lunch a few weeks ago. Service was so-so, food was pricey and minuscule. I ordered the caesar salad. At $9, I expected something more than 4 leaves of romaine drenched (sopping, wringing, drowning all also come to mind) in a bitter dressing. My one friend's side salad was bigger than my entree salad. I complained to my table and the waitress was behind me, and she whisked off my plate and returned it doubled, which made it the same size as the side salad. Don't care for the attitude. It wasn't busy, one other table and there were only 5 of us at our table. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their burgers and fries. I am vegetarian and aside from the salad, my other options were huge, heavy pasta dishes on the dinner menu and I really enjoy a good salad but this was not a good salad.Place is horrible! Owners walk around with head sets on like its some hot shot club!! Food was atrocious! I understand Mondays are slow but really, just one person working as bartender/server! Epic fail for these first time owners who are pissing away money here I'm sure! Apparently all their staff has left/fired and I'm sure that's what was holding it together! People screaming on their cell phones in the kitchen and some dirt ball with a ponytail cooking my pizzas! Stay far away!Went here for lunch with a friend who loved the place. On her recommendation, I tried one of the burgers. It was a neat idea: a burger essentially cooked in the bun. I was excited to try it, but very disappointed once I took my first bite. The meat was bland and underseasoned; despite requesting a medium cook, I pulled away the bread to see it was charred. The flavor clearly needed some seasoning and I wish I had returned it for a piece of meat I could enjoy eating.
The service was fine, the atmosphere was nice enough, and the specials were promising. If there weren't so many good options around it, I would stop in to try again... but in such a great neighborhood for foodies, I don't think I'll be in again except maybe for a drink.Really love Barra. Today was my 5th visit and we had a great pizza. I've been here with various people and each time everyone loved their food. Service has always been very good. Very comfortable place nice atmosphere.  I've had pizza a burger salads and some apps. My husband and I eat out 300/365 days a year and have been around the philly restaurant scene for a while.  Nice bar and beers on tap.Awful experience for a friend's birthday dinner. We were a fairly large party of about 10 people. A friend ended up getting pizza, and after the first bite pulled a long blonde hair out of his mouth!! And there were no blonde guest at the table. My fiancé got a burger cooked to medium that looked like a hockey puck. What I really can't understand is if you cut the burger in half to service presentation and see that it's grey and dry rather than medium, why would you serve that?! I have never seen my fiancé send anything back in 5 years. My short rib ravioli could have been any kind of mystery meat inside. The manager of the hookah bar asked me to check out her hickey in the bathroom. The checking out was the worst. My fiancé and I had a city dining card so we asked for a separate bill from the start. The waitress continued to reassure us that this was ok. Finally when checking out we were told that we are not allowed to use it because our friend who made the reservation was getting open table points and they could not combine promotions. My friend even offered to remove her points so we could use the dining card, but the manager refuse. Clearly they are looking for any loop hole to make a buck, since you get bonus points anywhere with open table and it's not really a promotion. I've never had such a crappy excuse anywhere else. So now we have this dining card for a restaurant with bad service, awful food, cheap management, and waitresses that dress like strippers that we will never go back to!Bought the groupon and I have to say it's a rip off. The multi-course meal was $45 for 2 people.  They added the tax and tip based on what the total would have been.  I get the tip part, but the tax seems illegal given that we paid $45.  When you buy a shirt on sale you pay the tax based on the price you pay, not what it originally was.  
I wouldn't have minded the tip except the waitress didn't deserve it. While she was nice, she had zero personality and was limited in terms of her ability to carry out the job.  
I arrived at 6:55, she informed me the happy hour was over, when I pointed out the 5 minutes till 7 she said oh, I guess they will give you the price. 
She didn't write anything down and as a result brought my husband the ravioli, not the lasagna.  We planned on sharing, but couldn't because I don't like mushrooms and the ravioli had a mushroom gravy.  
The steak was to come with roasted potatoes and veggies, instead it came with smashed cauliflower and roasted veggies.  I heard the people at the next table (the only other people in the restaurant) complaining how much they hate cauliflower.  
When it came to dessert she told us of one dessert and later returned to the table to inform us of another choice, shouldn't she know all the options to start with.  
There is a a reason this place with a nice environment and good food is empty.  They ought to listen to the reviews, hire some good staff and make people want to come back.  
This meal wound up costing me $75, no bargain, I won't return,Got the Shrimp Buschetta and the meat balls both were ok
the meat balls a little bland and needs some salt.
the calamri apetizer is ok, a little salty, can taste the batter
Had the beet salad, nice presentation, fresh cheese on it. it was good.
the rest of my party 11 had some issue, 2 were served the wrong dishes and had to wait for their meal. 
the pasta with vodka sauce was also good.
It is mediocre food, its a nice little place but, plenty of other places to eat that are betterStill waiting for food 75 min already. They took 90 min to give awful food.
Stay away!Wet Friday night, Old City was pretty empty. Made plans to go to Barra. 
The restaurant was empty. We were early. Sat at the bar waiting for another guest to arrive.
One friend proceeded to order a Blood orange margarita. They were out of blood orange. She tried to order another cocktail that had Dewar's. THEY WERE OUT OF DEWARS?
Weird.
And WHEN HE WENT TO MAKE THE COCKTAILS, HE HAD TO READ THE RECIPE 
OFF OF THE COCKTAIL MENU
not an actual menu, with measurements and instructions. But the regular old cocktail menu.
The bartender also looked uncomfortable and confused behind the bar. Which became more manifest shortly thereafter.  
I ordered a Rye Manhattan, Perfect, not wanting to test my luck with the cocktail list. He walked over and fumbled with various bottles of whiskey. Then came back and asked if I wanted a particular Rye. I had only seen Bulleit Rye, so I said "Bulleit Rye will work," and he proceeded to walk over and grab WOODFORD RESERVE and make me a cocktail with that, even though he repeated "Bulleit Rye" back to me.
Anyway, eventually we sat down. The staff, who all seemed young, in a way that made them seem like cliquey highschoolers, were constantly huddled around the service bar. Not waiting for drinks, just chatting.  Our server was pleasant, but not quite polished. Always a bit awkward about asking for drinks and food, maybe feeling a little pushy or trying too hard not to be pushy. Again, he was pleasant, but he was only there when he wanted to see if we wanted more things, in a pleasant, slightly awkward way. But he was fine. 
There was another girl who was filling our water glasses. She was the most polished and gave the best service we had all night.
Also THE BATHROOMS WERE DIRTY.
Cocktails:
Other cocktails we had were fine, but I couldn't help wondering that they were slightly off because they were constructed off of vague interpretations of the cocktail menu.
But finally, THE FOOD.
Food was good. Had a nice appetizer of "breads and spreads" that had some hummus, tapenade, and aioli, and some delicious meatballs. The table of five had 4 pizza between us, which were all tasty. We also split a burger.
THE BURGER WAS AWESOME!!!
It was a perfect medium with cheese and pickles. But what they do with their burgers is wrap it in their pizza dough and bake it in the oven. It's not greasy or crunchy. It somehow managed to be the perfect burger.
After our meal, we weren't asked if we wanted dessert or coffee. It was more like  "So...are you guys good?" Again in that pleasant, but awkward unpolished and kind of pushy way.
We were ready to go.
Overall, the decor is simple and interesting. It is all very open. The food was all delicious,  and what we didn't have or saw around us looked great.
If we hadn't had such weird bar service, I wouldn't have been so critical of the table service. If the bathrooms werent so unkempt, I'd consider the decor a bit more warm. If the food wasn't good, this place would have gotten no stars. 
Philly has too many places that have good food right now.  Unfortunately, Barra's rather unimpressive service means  I will likely  not return.
However, the 15 bachelorettes that swarmed in afterwards with their penis veils...if that's the crew they're catering to, they'll do just fine in Old City.Went here on a date the other night - had low expectations. Despite a corking fee for box wine, the waiter (I think named Michael?) was incredibly lovely, and recommended spectacular dishes. We loved the pork ravioli and the chicken. They were truly outstanding for the modest price. We thanked the manager for a great meal, and he sent us free dessert!
I would definitely recommend this place.Sucked we didn't get what we ordered and we were the only people there and they still took an hour for our food to get here.So I went here with my boyfriend on a Friday night and used a Groupon. I liked the atmosphere of the restaurant but was a little distracted by the hookahs that were being walked through to the lounge next door. 
The groupon is a pretty deal. There was more than enough food. The calamari we got for an appetizer was pretty good. For the main dish I got the Pene a La Vodka with Shrimp. There was a ton of food, and it tasted okay. There was just way too much kick to the dish. I guess there was a big piece of something spicy that I bit because my mouth was on fire. I didn't expect that from the dish and it really made me fearful to eat the rest. (Unexpected spiciness is not my friend.) My boyfriend got the fillet Mignon, which was not cooked properly. He asked for the steak to be done medium and about 1/3 of it was cooked medium.. the rest was cooked medium well. If you chefs can't cook a steak to order.. don't have steak on the menu. The steak was also not seasoned at all. Very bland and disappointing. (We brought the leftovers home for the our dog..) His dish came with a cauliflower puree which was okay after adding salt and oil to it. The puree was an odd pairing for the steak, since it came with such a small serving. 
The service was inconsistent. When we were first seated it took over 5 minutes for our server to come over and take our drink orders. From that point on the service was pretty steady. It also took a while for our server to give us the bill. 
My favorite part about BARRA was our dessert. We got the bread pudding and it was outstanding. The piece we were given was huge and was more than enough to share. 
Overall, okay meal and service. Drink selection was pretty typical for a bar in old city. I might go back at some point to try their pizza, but probably not. Worth the Groupon for the amazing bread pudding.