I dined here for the first time Friday evening and I was surprised to walk in and see how packed it was.  There was a wait but I decided to stay after talking to the manager who promised to take good care of me - and he did!  I was told to order the margarita pizza that it was "their thing" and I'm now a customer for life.  It was to die for - so much better then any other pizza shop around here. I was really impressed with the food and the level of service!  I'm very excited that this Italian treasure opened so close to home!  I cannot wait to return.Great little Italian place that could easily make its home in the more trendy parts of Philly, but instead is a almost hidden away in a strip mall right here in Roxborough.
We have had pizza, meatballs, and the Nutella & Banana desert pizza, all of which were awesome. Frankly the only complaint is that they need a bigger place! 
You may have to wait if you go during the typical meal times, but its worth a little wait, or they do takeout. Now that we know its there, I suspect we may stop in often. If your in the area, and looking for a great place to eat, skip the parking hassle down on Main Street, come up to Roxborough and check out DiMeo'sPizza is great, fresh and tasty. Service is fine. BUT, buffalo wings and salmon salad is terrible. Worst ever. My salmon is burnt, BURNT!! Actually the whole surface is charcoaled. Why would they bring something like this out?! I have no idea. The lettuce, it feels like they are dragged thru car wash. The whole place smells weird. Order pizza to go instead of sitting down.Best pizza outside of Italy! Great service. We love the Burrata salad and you cannot miss with a Margherita pizza. Wood fired, authentic buffalo mozzarella, fresh tomatoes.Is this place fabulous, or what? Just went and had two gorgeous coal-oven pizzas (these are 12", really good value) and a few apps with my husband. Everything was fresh, not even remotely greasy and very good value -- you get a lot of great food for a reasonable price. You can order take-out but the restuarant is cozy and attractive-- we enjoyed eating in. Let's put it this way -- it was jam packed BEFORE 6 pm Sat night and it seemed like half the patrons knew the other half -- a nice, friendly vibe and popular for a good reason. Excellent service, the waitresses know their stuff. It's well-run and excellent. BYO. I am Sicilian and know a good pizza. Go and enjoy!!!Very pleasantly surprised. I didn't have high hopes that the reopen of DiMeo's restaurant was going to improve their fare but my friend and I tried PD last night and the food was delicious. The menu is similar but not as high-end as the first iteration of DiMeo's. The food is more neighborhood but with a flare for authentic Italian. My partner had baked ziti served with a lovely sauce.  The pasta itself had a nice chew,  neither mushy nor too al dente. The bread was terrific as always, served with a roasted pepper (I think) sauce. I had pasta and bean soup (can't spell the Italian  name) and chicken parmesan with penne. The soup recipe was different but just as good as before. The chicken was not dry, a past problem, although the breading neither detracted nor added to the dish. The sauce on both the chicken and pasta was tasty. The only complaint I had was aesthetics. The cheese topping was just a commercial looking slice.  Grated or smaller pieces would have improved the appearance. Tiramisu just had to be ordered for dessert. Made in house, the cake was large, creamy, and delicious. Maybe I have to go back, oh, eight or nine more times before I can be sure this restaurant is on the rise again.  ;-)I had a birthday dinner with my wife and another couple. This my goto restuarant for great food and entertaining friends. The staff is always wonderful.  Kelsey is an amazing waitress!  I visited Naples for 2 weeks and had the hardest time finding food from there until I was recommended to goto Demeo's. 
I did a video of the restaurant and my dishes. Check it out:
http://youtu.be/wtnQQ_Tp628I am writing this review on January 27, 2017. PD Pizza has just reopened as PD 2.0 "Bringing Pizza to the Next Level". I have been a customer of DiMeo's since they opened several years ago. I am giving the recently reopened PD 5 solid stars. I have done take out twice in the past week. 
There is something new about how they make and or bake their pizza. I ordered a Mozza pizza, and it was terrific. I also ordered a BBQ chicken Calzone. It was excellent. Not "heavy", cooked to perfection. They now serve "slices", which were displayed behind a glass counter.
Something has changed for the (much) better with the new reincarnated PD. It is only a matter of time before the lines to pick up orders will be spilling out the door again.First time and last time. 
Ordered the four cheese pizza after going in on a whim. What I got was a soggy uninspired mess. First impressions are big for me and this was a misstep. 
The man preparing my pizza went seamlessly from using his smartphone to touching my pizza, while the host too buried her face in her phone.
Maybe dinner would be a more fruitful experience. But I do not think I will be back.This restaurant is the only decent place to a get a consistently amazing meal in a 15 minute driving radius. Do yourself a favor and just come here. The owners are from Napoli and it shows. It's such high quality food and the ingredients are directly from Italy. The tomatoes are special as is the motz. The pizza is amazing but their real star- the specials. You can get an amazing pasta dish or a seafood entree and it's practically perfect. The vibe is low key but high quality. I'm always impressed and leave bursting at the seams every time. The only draw back is that we moved to south philly and they are now far from us. Bummer!We've  been here several times now. While I think there certainly is  room for improvement in some of their dishes ( mainly in the sides), I have to give this lovely family-owned authentic place the big 5. IMHO the brussels and wood roasted cauliflower should be roasted in the pot they come to table in, at times there was far too much olive oil, and others times not nearly enough. The truffle fries, when we tried them literally had NO truffle oil. We've tried several of the pies which to me, are perfection...the crust OH the crust...the sauce, oh my. The Boscaiola was to DIE for! The Chicken Spinach salad...I don't stop thinking about it. You might read this and say, "chicken spinach salad"?! THAT's what you're excited about??! If you live in East FAlls, you'd know exactly why I'm excited. Good salads, delicious pies, superior ingredients...they're hard to come by here. 
I'm surprised at the pissed off reviews from Yelpers like Elise..we've never experienced such problems with service. Yes, they're young, but for us, they've always been attentive and professional. The atmosphere is cozy and lovely, especially on these chilly Philly nights. 
Go support this place...they deserve it. Trust me, You WANT this place to succeed.See my other experience below:
Went back mid-Jan and ordered the same food to see if anything had changed since I posted my comments.  Not only was there no improvement, the food was worse.  Bread was damp and gummy, meatballs had too much bread and barely tasted like meat, sauce/gravy was tasteless.  I am not going to go back.  I am really sad.
Previous review. 
I have been going to DiMeo's since it opened, sometimes 2x a week.  The food was fabulous, bread spectacular, and the pizza terrific.  But 2 weeks ago I had the worst meal there ever. The menu used to have a side of pasta and side of meatballs which I used to combine.  With a house salad, the meal was reasonably priced and lots to eat.  I used to get just meatballs and marinara sauce & keep them at home.  Neither sides are on the menu anymore but I asked and they made the dish so I got my favorite meal. 
The salad dressing (balsamic vinaigrette) was way too strong and there was probably too much on the salad. I couldn't taste any of the ingredients other than the dressing. Thank goodness the bread was there to stop the burning.  There is nothing you can say about pasta, but the meatballs and sauce (gravy, depending on where you are from) are another story.  There was no taste to either. The meatballs tasted like mush with no spices or even distinguishing meat taste and the sauce was equally tasteless.  I even wonder if it was the marinara which used to be quite exciting there.  No spice, no pizzazz, no tomatoes/onion/anything bits.
I am sure part of the problem is that the owners and original chefs are not there anymore.  I saw no one from the original family or anyone who used to work there.  
I will go back, but with some trepidation and maybe I will stick to pizza.I fell in love with DiMeos the first time I dined there. I didn't know what to expect from a little pizzeria in a Roxborogh shopping center, but I certainly didn't expect authentic Italian. Obviously, I was pleasantly surprised! 
Since I live nearby, I eat here a couple times a month. Sometimes I dine in. The atmosphere is pleasant. Perfect for date night. The service is good and the food is consistently delicious! I especially like the pasta dishes and the margarita pizza. Salads, calamari, and truffle fries are all good too!I went back here again after getting some mediocre, overpriced, wood fired pizza at Pizzeria Vetri.  I had to see if it was really as good as I remember, and it was even better than last time.  I can't say enough good things about this pizza.  It's as perfect as wood fired pizza can get.  Everything else I've had on the menu has been excellent as well.  I can't get enough of their meatballs and tomato sauce.  They're that good.  We're privileged to have this place in the area.I was pretty disappointed in the quality of this pizza for the price. It's $15 for a medium sized pizza. I was happy to pay that, as I thought it would be an unique pizza. Sadly, this wasn't the case. 
I first ordered the veggie pizza and they were out of mushrooms. The pizza only had onions, tomatoes, and mushrooms. They were nice enough to call and ask if I wanted a new topping or pizza. I choose to get a new pizza. The pizza I ordered, was a five cheese type of pizza. It was just okay. I'm sure the original veggie would have been better. 
Overall, I will give this place another try, as it's right next door to where I live. It is BYOB! Next time, I will go in and give this a try! It is worth checking out. I might have just had bad luck the first time around.Better pizza than I had in Naples!  Future best pizza in Philadelphia...yeah I said it.  Best eaten fresh.  The longer the thin crust goodness sits in the box, the chewier it gets, but still delicious.  You really can't get better brick oven Neapolitan pizza than this, short of going over the Atlantic.  Try the one with fig, prociutto, and arugula...I could live off that pizza alone.  Will be back...again and again.One of the best Italian BYOBs in the area.
The butternut squash gnocchi is one of my favorite dishes...at any restaurant in Philadelphia. The salads, pizza, and desserts are all excellent.
While the food is fantastic, the only thing keeping this review from 5 stars is the service. It is hit or miss. Admittedly, we've had some really great servers here, but we've also had one or two with some attitude. Though the place is usually full and very busy, it's small and yet service can also be slow. Customer service goes a long, long way so hopefully this can be fixed.
That said, DiMeo's is delicious. Keep it up.Panini? Ordered a chicken parm panini: it was a chicken patty with sauce/cheese on a slightly toasted hoagie roll. 10-15 minute wait for a takeout order. I was one of 3 people there. People in the back were checking their phones. When I got up to see why it was taking so long, it was just sitting on the counter. Overpriced.Awesome and fast service. The food is amazing. I got a white pizza with pepperoni,  and the sweet chili wings. My mom got a pizza with sausage and meatball and the mac and cheese. This place far exceeded my expectations. Portions are huge, service is fast, food is AMAZING!! A hidden gem in the Andorra shopping center. Will definitely visit again!!This place is AWESOME.  We had a pizza freshly made within five minutes and it was delicious!  When I say delicious I mean delicious.  The staff was friendly and the prices are totally economical.  The atmosphere here is very friendly and they even have outdoor seating which we were able to take advantage of on a nice evening.  I am not often in the area but the next time I am I will be sure to visit Dimeo's again.Best pizza in roxborough! I thought when they re-did the store it was going to take away from the charm but boy was I wrong. The new additions of pizza are amazing. The tomato pie is out of this world! They still have their amazing entrees as well. Very happy with the new and improved PD Pizza!Take my advice... DONT DO IT. Giving this place 1 star is a gift! I ordered a specialty coal fire pizza, calamari, and gnocchi. What got delivered looked like what ever the kitchen wanted to cook. They gave me a microwaved "cheese" pizza, coal fired? What a reach!! I then Opened up the calamari to soon find out the calamari has recently been replaced with badly breaded mozzarella sticks. Place is a dump... go ANYwhere else for food when in the areaLoved it here! Everything is amazing, not just their pizza. It really doesn't get much better than this unless you take a trip to Italy. All of the recipes are authentic and then perfected by their head chef. Everything that I ate from the menu was delicious! 
I was with a large group so I got to sample everyone's dishes. Here is what we had: 
Pollo Alla Fiorentina - full breast of grilled chicken covered in homemade sauce and linguine 
Pizzas: 
Fica- the fig spread gives it a sweet taste but its very savory because of the salty prosciutto on top - my favorite pizza so far! 
Domenica- This is smiler to the margherita but with upgraded with baby spinach and cherry tomatoes 
Melenzane - grilled eggplant is on top of this one. Not my favorite but great option for vegetarians 
Quattro Formaggi - Four cheeses - very cheesy, very good - need a say more. 
Overall you can't go wrong with what you order!This family owned business is delicious! The pizza tasted just like the pizza in Italy! The owner was very nice taking time out of his busy day to talk to us. He mentioned that weekly they receive flour, mozzarella and pasta from Naples. I wish them the best!We have tried DiMeo's several times, both eat-in and take-out.  
The staff is very friendly, and has always thanked us for coming in, whether we ate there or took our food home.  The BYOB aspect is great, and the staff is attentive to opening wine bottles, bringing glasses, etc.
So far we have only tried some pizzas.  To me, the crust is perfect - it comes out with some charred flavor from the wood oven, and is still very soft on the inside.  My favorite is the Napoletana, but I have liked each pizza that I've tried.  Their menu goes well beyond pizza, and has expanded to cooking crabs in the oven - so we plan to return soon and try some non-pizza items!
For eating in, I would definitely recommend giving it a try with a small group (maybe 6 or less).  Since it's a pretty small place, I'm not sure how well it would work out with a large group.
If you're looking to order take out - keep in mind that the pizzas are all 12" personal size pizzas.Great pizza and wonderful service. Pizza crust almost like Italy - and it's possible to do a bufala correzione! Recommended!Extremely salty pizza. We had the buffalo chicken and it was just overall unappetizing to taste and to look at.  Tasted like it had been microwaved after it had been in the fridge for a few days. Much better options around the Roxborough Manayunk area.I have to agree with other reviewers who have complained that the food has gone down-hill recently.  This used to be a go-to place for me, but not any more. Maybe the owners are spending to much time at their mainline restaurant and have forgotten their loyal patrons in Roxborough.  The food is not as well prepared or tasty and the service is sub-par. None of the originals are in the Roxborough location any more--maybe this is the problem.I used to love this place, but over the past year it's gone seriously down hill to the point where the sauce tastes like it's from a jar and the pasta is not aldente. We went last night and I got my favorite dish, and it was terrible. Then I read this article and it kind of sums things up http://www.philly.com/philly/news/crime/Pizzeria-DiMeo-owner-charged-IRS-fraud.html?mobi=true 
I'm so sad. We won't be going back.I was a little nervous with the PD Pizza reboot. Dimeos was doing neopolitan style in Philly before and better than Vetri. But something had changed at Dimeos for the worse so I was also a little hopeful. Well it's not just a new coat of paint and menu, the quality is way back up! The crust continues to be the star of the show. It's perfection. Toppings excellent as well. Have only had pizza so far. But I will be going back to try the rest of the menu. I love the al taglio pizza cause let's face it, this is Philly, and sometimes you just want to grab a slice. Also love the NY style pizza because it transports home waaaaay better than the neopolitan style. It was a smart move cause now it's become my grab and go, take out, or sit down pizza spot. I'm back on the PD bandwagon! Lucky to have it so close to home.Amazing place! Came for lunch and service is prompt. They have a brick oven so we Ordered the Napolitana pizza which had prosciutto, arugula, and cheese and it is one of the best tasting pizzas I've ever had. Their pizzas take 90 seconds to cook in the oven. Someone has tested it and it's true!! The chop salad with pears is also a nice twist and was delicious. I am so glad it is right across the street from work so I can always come for lunch and try other things on the menu. Though I wish they would deliver. Sign up for their birthday club and they will give you a free pizza on your birthday.  Will definitely be back!!
Came back again with coworkers and tried the arugula chicken salad. Yummy! I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu. Bruschetta is also delicious. They are expensive though! Lunch can run you $20 each.My husband and I have been going to DiMeos since they first opened. The food, the atmoshere and the customer service here is second to none. They always treat as like members of their family and this was no exception last week when we hosted our daughter's wedding rehearsal dinner here. Over the years we have had so many great servers at DiMeos, but no one compares to our friends, Lynn, Cheyenne, Marisol, Sonia, Angela, Angie (Tom) and Kelsey. These wonderful ladies helped my husband and I throw one of the best darn rehearsal dinners Philadelphia has ever seen. Their level of professinalism, customer service and friendliness towards our guests was of the highest caliber.  We can not thank them enough for all their hard work. 
As for the owners, Pino, Antimo and Scott, they were awesone to work with. They listened to all our requests and knew exactly what to serve and how to serve it. The food was EXCEPTIONAL- they put together a menu of so many delicous foods, our guests were in awe!   
Thanks everyone for making our daughter's wedding rehearsal dinner a once in a lifetime experience!
Dimeos has always been and will continue to be our "go to" place for delicious food and a great time!
Cin Cin 
Joe & Jane Del GrippoOne of my favorite pizza places and I am a pizza snob after spending two weeks in Italy in May. Very authentic. Pizza is the best. My hubby always gets the pizza margarita because you simply can't go wrong. I have tried several different pizzas and all are excellent. The fig is very different if you like sweet and savory together you will like the fig. The prosciutto is very thinly sliced and not fatty just like you get in Italy. Tonight we went for pizza and after seeing some pasta dishes go by we decided to order the pasta. I had chicken florentine which was delicious and very generous portion. Hubby had the beef and mushroom pasta which he let me taste and it was delicious. We split the tartufo for dessert. We brought our own wine so enjoyed a very nice dinner with enough for lunch tomorrow for fifty bucks. So good deal price wise. We have previously ordered the nutella pizza dessert which is crazy good. One of my favorites!Last night went to Pizzeria Dimeos for like the 30th time. Only this time had the Baccala special instead of the pizza. 
The gravy and the seasoning were just like I remembered as a kid. The portion was ample. The dish was served with lots of capers and the texture of the fish was tender and flaky. Soaking the Baccala can be a tricky business but they got it right.
Based on my experience it's safe to say the main courses are just as good as the pizza. Quality ingredients and careful preparation make this place great.Not enough superlatives to descibe the food at DiMeo's.  Until now the best pizza I've had outside of Italy was at Osteria but I think the margherita pizza at Dimeo's surpasses it.  Importing the flour and water from Italy really adds that special flavor to the pizza. The ambience certainly isn't the same but I think all the food here is better than anything Marc Vetri can offer at any of his restaurants and for about half the price.  The meatballs, bruschetta and pasta bolognese were all outstanding.  Our server was also very friendly, informative and attentive. If you want authentic Italian, check out DiMeo's. Can't wait for my next visit..This place is the real deal!  We have eaten in Naples, Italy at Il Presidente and Di Matteo as well as other "pizza kings" in Naples and this, by far, is the closest it gets to real authentic wood fired, blistered pizza that I have had here in Philly.  You need a knife and fork and it's magnificent!!!!  Real San Marzano tomatoes, water imported from Naples and buffalo mozzarella......I was really impressed and the place and service are excellent, clean and friendly..we didn't try the pasta although I know their dry pastas are of the highest quality....If you are looking for a cheesesteak, don't come here, it's a true pizza palace only.
My only complaint was that the espresso didn't have a "crema" top to it and rather was a black topped generic espresso...(a travesty if you are a coffee shop) but I didn't go there for the coffee.Wow - seriously fantastic pizza.  Manko & Manko just got move to #2 and poor Anthony's Coal Oven Pizzeria got dropped to #3.  After pizza from here I seriously may never be able to go to my corner pizza shop again.  Probably the best pizza I've ever had.We were excited to come here based on reviews but when I arrived asked for table of 3, got a dirty look from waitress, staff took forever to take our order, the waitress was trying HARD to do a fake Italian accent, shrimps are served with the heads still attached I know many pure Italians from Italy and America who say they do NOT eat shrimp like this, totally ruined the meal, pizza was OK, not a family oriented place as stated at ALL, and we waited almost 15 mins for our check to be taken by staff and another 10 or so before we got it back, the dish girl was also weird kept circling the table a number of times to check for dirty plates just go some where elseWe have been long time customers, regretfully it's time to move on. The menu has become staid, the service has slipped and the facilities have deteriorated. Too many other wonderful BYOB options in the area. 
The normally fine bread that is brought out initially was soggy in the middle and cold; bad omen. The normally wonderful eggplant Parma  was overly saturated with oil and top heavy with cheese. The standard Brasato which is usually to die for was flat, dominated by the mushrooms. The Spinach topped Raviolinni and the Pumpkin Ravioli were well prepared and delicious. The Chicken Parma which was ordered was never delivered. 
It was a Saturday night but still, 4 different servers, they got the entrée orders wrong, charged us on the bill for an extra entree and the servers were relatively inattentive. 
No hand towels in the men's room, water puddles on the floor in the woman's room reported by one of the women in our party. 
We left wondering if Pizzeria DiMeo's was under different management.Wish I could give them five stars, but service here is a big issue. The staff is all very friendly, however, it's almost like pulling teeth to get some of the basics. Been here several times, and all the food has been great; some better than others. Calamari is light and crisp, albeit a bit on the small side. The imported pasta is delectable, their marinara sauce simple but delicious. Mista salad was well dressed in a great balsamic, however again a bit measly for the price tag. All their pizza's thus far have been fabulous, and their seafood pasta again delicious, just wish there were more pasta in there. You can taste the quality of the ingredients, and the love that is put into each dish, just wish there was more of a focus placed on running the whole operation more smoothly, instead of some tables being properly served, whilst others completely ignored when there are more than enough bussers and waitresses to refill drinks, or just ask if anyone needs anything.Have gone twice and will not be going back.  Dimeo's is not worth the prices that they charge. They have only been open for several months, and they have already increased their prices!
The first time I went, both pizzas were burnt. They tasted like charcoal.
I decided to give it a second chance. Pizza was smaller and more expensive. And, this time, the dessert was burnt. When I questioned the cashier about this, she took it back to one of the cooks. I watched him roll his eyes and dump some powdered sugar on it. She said it was supposed to be like that but they just forgot the sugar. 
Would absolutely not recommend. Seriously overpriced. Neither quality nor quantity.I wanted to like this place, the take out pizza I got was awful, not cooked , cold sauce, cheese  that was not melted. 16.00 for very small, very poor quality pizza.  
I did not get pizza on par with Italy 
Go to Alex;s or Mr. P.Pizza is just as good as when this was DeMeos. Very good wood fired oven pizza.DiMeo's is located in a strip mall just off Henry Ave.  They have seating inside as well as out front on the sidewalk.  We didn't have much time so my wife and I split a 12" pizza with sausage on 1/2.  I think it was ready in about 2 minutes.  I thought it was one of the better pizza's I have had in the area.  It still isn't as good as some of the places around Trenton but its a solid option.  The price is a bit steep $16 but they did make a quality pizza.  If I do stop in again I will get a whole pizza for myself because I was still hungry after just eating 1/2.This BYOB used to be a neighborhood gem when it opened. I'd go at least twice a month and everything was fantastic, including the staff. Once their sister restaurant Arde opened, it has slowly gone downhill to the point that I will not be returning. Used to be on a Thursday night it would be a full house, and last night we found ourselves to be one of two filled tables at a prime time of 8:00pm. Not a single familiar face still around from when it opened just a few years ago. Meals aren't prepared as well as they used to be. Our waiter recommended we get the Gamberotti with shrimp, lump crab and panna. Realized after dinner that the lump crab and panna were not even in the dish and the pasta had been overcooked vs the nice al dente they used to serve. The menu hasn't changed much, but nothing tastes as good as it sounds any more. It used to be well above average. I sung it's praises and convinced many to try it out. Now I would be embarrassed to recommend this place to anyone, as the food has become underwhelming and ordinary. In addition to the pasta dish, we got the bruschetta which was literally saturated in oil, and one of the pizzas, which was okay (hard to go wrong with pizza). It's sad to see what was once a great restaurant go bad in such a short amount of time. it seems that all of the attention the owners previously gave to this location has been transferred over to Arde in Wayne. All I can say is they better keep their game up at Arde, as the Main Line brings a far less forgiving crowd.Stopped in for a quick lunch yesterday 3 people  , our waiter was so rude , charged us for 5 drinks almost $16 . ONE WAS A GLASS OF WATER !!! The other was 2 refills of soda !!!! I asked him and he told with me that everyone charges for refill ! Very Snarky young man ! The soda was in a water glass not even a large soda glass . To top it off the air conditioning was broke and this snarky waiter laid across chairs sweating to tired too check on the table . What pizza lunch joint charges for refills and WATER !!!! NEVER AGAIN !!! This young man needs to find another career , maybe debt collection is in his future .We stumbled across this place only because it was in the area.  If you want authentic Italian pizza, this is the place to go.  Their Margherita pizza was amazing, but even more amazing was their brasato pasta.  After one visit, we're in love with this place.  I'd definitely recommend it.  We'll be going back!My family and I have been going to DiMeo's since it opened. We have just tried the new concept PD Pizza and are very impressed. There is still enough of the old menu to keep the regulars happy but I am super impressed with the new additions and concept. Pino you have hit a home run! Thanks for bringing your touch back to Roxborough!!Great authentic Italian food. They do everything well from Pizza to Branzino. Love their specials. BYOB and quality service.Great home made fresh bread.  Actually bought a loaf to bring home. Great bread board. ...yum.
Honey on the pizza turned out excellent....really good.
Byob for future ref.
Would recommend and will be returning.
Service was perfect.Visited: Saturday - November 15, 2014 - 12:20 PM
My dear 89 yo mother and I sat at the first open table we saw.  We asked a server if we could sit there.  She said yes and quickly resumed her activities. DiMeo's was about 80% full. She returned with menus and asked if we'd like beverages. Mom requested a diet soda;  and I, an unsweetened iced tea. She returned about two minutes later with the beverages but no straws, napkins, or utensils. 
It was apparent that she was the SOLE server for the approximate 50 seat room. We decided on a Margherita pizza because it was the simplest and quickest meal on the menu. Further, there was ONE man dedicated to making only pizza AND a sign over the pizza oven that boldly proclaimed "90 seconds".  What could go wrong?
We waited two minutes for straws. I left my table to retrieve two straws from the server's counter. The server noticed my action and said nothing. I felt a bit guilty but, took the straws and quickly returned to my seat. Interestingly, I noticed two other patrons retrieving straws and napkins for their respective tables. I had hoped that the server would have provided the napkins and utensils shortly but, that didn't occur for another five minutes. My mother used her handkerchief until she received the napkins. 
I had a direct view of the kitchen. In the rear, were about six employees focused on preparing food. In the front, was a jacketed young man consumed with his cell phone. Internet research indicated that this young man was probably the owner's son. I'm convinced he was discussing business but, felt this was the time to assist his overworked server. Alas, that never occurred.
We ordered the pizza at 12:35 and didn't receive it until 12:55. The pizza was delivered by the PIZZA-MAKING employee. The sauce was light and flavorful. In fact, matched the flavor I enjoyed in Rome, Italy over eight years ago! The outer crust was light, airy, and slightly charred - good. The remaining crust was about HALF the thickness of thin crust that is customarily served in this area. The remaining crust was so thin however, that when I tried to remove the first slice from the pan, it ripped! I removed the remaining slices by gently sliding a knife under each slice and slowly "coaxing" from the pan. My mother used a knife and fork to consume the pizza. Not me. I was determined to use the time honored fold and eat! The sauce saturated the thin crust however, making folding a challenge. 
Although I enjoy thin crust pizza, this crust was TOO THIN  to support the sauce. The sole server performed her job with poise and patience but, was clearly overwhelmed by the Saturday afternoon lunch crowd. My mother is normally passive. She surprisingly commented on the excessive wait for service and food. I hope DiMeo's hires another server to cope with the imminent Holiday crowds.
NOTE: the first two times I ate here the Margherita pizza and service was "better". Then again, I visited during the work week and with only a couple patrons seated.Great food ... Pizza is very good, the tomatoes and buffalo mozzarella are imported from Campania,Italy. The pasta is amazing.Authentic  delish Southern Italian food cooked and prepared to perfection! 
A real surprise in this cozy BYOB restaurant in a strip center in Andorra! 
As good as driving into South Philly. Prices are excellent
.Piatto Misto was beautiful and everything was perfectly ripe! 
Pizzas are thin w/  unique topping choices! 
Pasta cooked aldente!
 Manga!!!!!This was my second time coming in to Dimeo's. The homemade bread that they put on the table is delicious. We had that and the meat and cheese tray to start. It was excellent. Our waitress Lynne was amazing, she came by to check on us often enough and was quick to refill wine and water. She was also very friendly and gave us background info on the restaurant. We had the margherita pizza which was also great , without a doubt the best pizza in the Manayunk/Roxborough area. For dessert we had the tiramisu...AWESOME.  Lynne was probably the best waitress I've ever had at a restaurant, and she was that great even when we were using the birthday coupon for the margherita. I would definitely recommend Dimeo's and will continue to eat there.I had heard that Dimeo's had great pizza so we ventured there for dinner.  I don't know if it was the wood fired oven, the spices or ingredients but that was one of the best margherita pies I've ever had.  It had a really nice char on the thin crust, just the right amount of sauce and cheese and their sausage was top quality.  I wish that they had a bit more room for dining in but it was a nice, warm atmosphere.  They are a great addition to the neighborhood and I'm looking forward to going back!Living in Roxborough, I've been in here several times.  The wood-bricked pizza is excellent but I haven't been a huge fan of the pasta dishes.  I think you're safe if you come here for pizza.  Since my wife and I have started making our own pizza on the grill, this place is not as much of a delicacy.  I will also say that it's pretty overpriced.  The service is very good and the people are nice.  Also, it feels a little crowded inside so don't plan to bring a huge party.  On Friday/Saturday evenings, expect a long wait (which I always consider a good sign).  Given that it's located in a shopping plaza, parking is not an issue.Phenomenal. I am amazed at how good this pizza is. 
I had been wanting to eat here since I saw the article on Philly.com, and it certainly did not disappoint. I'm usually not a crust-eater (why waste calories on unflavored bread?), but I made an exception for Dimeo's. Flavorful, soft on the inside and crunchy on the outside, and with just enough char from the wood fired oven. 
I can't understand the negative reviews for this place, unless maybe the previous writers confused this restaurant with the Dimeo's on Butler Pike. Same owners, very different menu and concept. 
Only 2 (extremely minor) complaints about this place: 
1. They should invest in some stemware. We brought a bottle of red, and were given what looked like votive candle holders to drink out of. Even some cheap ones from Ikea would be better. 
2. I'm under 30. Please don't call me "ma'am."
Other than that, though, I highly recommend this place. We will definitely be back again soon.The food was an absolute disgrace. I ordered baked ziti and we were sent plain ziti with no cheese. I am not sure if they just don't understand what the food items on their list entails, their cooks dont u understand how to cook the food properly or they just think they can treat their customers like garbage and dont understand proper industry etiquette. You can not describe something as baked ziti then send plain pasta in sauce without the baked in cheese part. You are a sad excuse of a restaurant, you are a joke to the industry. 
NO ONE SHOULD EVER ORDER FROM HERE UNLESS YOU WANT TO GET RIPPED OFF FOR INPROPER FOODService was slow. we were not 'allowed' to have bread until after we ordered so we didn't get the menu's greasy!! Waitress was so rude and sarcastic. Meals were missed at the table. Not impressed.This is one great pizza trattoria and an awesome addition to northwest Philadelphia. The pizza is of really high quality baked in their wood-burning oven.  They say they use water imported from Naples in their dough.  I'll take their word for it ... all I know the crust was light, not too thick, and cooked just enough to hold the variety of ingredients of your choosing on top of it.  I also liked the truffle fries but one of the highlights for me was the wood-oven baked Rotolini.  You get six of them per order but if you're with a group, just know that everyone is going to like them and want you to share with them, so order accordingly.  Good atmosphere - liked the Vesuvious art sculpture on the wall ... and they have a friendly wait staff.  Def thumbs up!Had to stop here due to the yelp reviews! 
Had the pizza and salmon salad. The server, Maria was outstanding. The salad was light, tasty and very good. 
The pizza crust was great, but the sauce was too salty. We mentioned this to the server, she immediately went back to check it out. Came neck and agreed. They immediately put in another pie,  and we took it home. 
Would definitely come back when in the neighborhood. They know how to treat a customer. Food is good too!
Recommended!   Ask for Maria!Just had the arugula salad and was charged three dollars per shrimp nowhere does it say three dollars per shrimp charge 23.76  for a salad won't make this mistake again.DiMeo's was a superb restaurant with great food and decent staff.  I went back recently and left disappointed.  I don't know the reasons behind the rebranding idea, but my Margarita Pizza I ordered came out underbaked, soggy, and with a bizarre tasting sauce that was different from the usual.  Unfortunately, I will not be returning to what used to be my goto for Italian style pizza.went last night.  we had 2 pizzas and one vegetable panini.  all were very good.  service was good also.  Can't wait to go back and try a pasta and some more pizzas.No Stars, sorry. We have been there sooo many times over the years. Decided to go after a few months off. We actually thought they sold the place. Since we were familiar with everything on the menu, we know how it was suppose to taste, but got a rude awakening. The food was tasteless and expensive. We should have sent it back. No seasoning, no olive oil on the bruschetta. Grated cheese dumped on everything even the salad. Totally terrible meal for 113.00 plus tip for 2 people. They need to fix it or close it.
They lost a gold mine prob. by not being there because the cook can NOT cook or even follow their recipe.My wife and I have eaten here  often since they opened. It was terrific..... quality ingredients which were fresh and well prepared. But what separated Dimeos from the rest was the service. It was welcoming and my wife always enjoyed chatting w Lynne and Chyanna on a Sunday. Even when the Eagles lost those two always made me smile. They became like family. Last week my wife and I went in and immediately we knew it was different. We hadn't been in for a while because my mother was ill and we had been on the West Coast for a while. The bread was virtually inedible as it was undercooked. The Margherita pizza was soggy and the cheese was different , it was not the buffalo mozzarella that they usually used and had a soggy wet center. We had asked about the wood fired fish of the day and the waitress said she didn't know what that was and walked away. We had brought friends w us. It was embarrassing . Our meals were not nearly as good as we remember and opted not to take our leftovers home. The waitress didn't even care to notice. The paint is peeling off the walls and I think a Septa bathroom is cleaner. It was an awful experience . We asked about our favorite staff and she said she was new but that virtually EVERYONE had quit.....an ominous sign indeed. Wish we knew were they were working because that staff really made you feel special.  We heard that the business is up for sale !!! We hope whoever buys it brings it back to its former glory.....good solid staff and great staff..... until then.....we won't be back. I'm an older American and a veteran and have never written a Yelp review. My grandson told me that's what they do today. Hope I did ok.....I wouldn't want anyone else to be as appalled as we were......and to all our old friends who joyfully served us for nearly four years......you are indeed missed!!Great place to bring the family.  From the excellent crusty bread and dips they brought to the table, to the creative pizzas, to the salad, to the delicious eggplant parma, this is south italian food that is fresh and full of flavor.  Informal and fun, never would have expected such fare nestled in the less-than-charming Andorra shopping Center.First time here and had lunch - a fabulous, fabulous Margarita pizza.  Atmosphere was nice, very clean.  Service was great, very friendly but not too much.   Can't wait to go back, try some pasta and purchase a few loaves of bread!  Great place and happy something so nice is close by.
PS - This is my first Yelp review and I was always suspicious of those folks that take time to write a review - good or bad.  Because I can't vote for Pizzeria DiMeo's being Best in Philly I thought I'd do this.  Great Pizza.Pricy, but they've got good deals throughout the week. This pizza is amazing. Perfect crust. Light and flavorful sauce. Definitely eat hereStopped in on a Sunday Evening @ 6 pm after a long day.
The Place Seemed Cozy Enough only @ 6 people in the entire place so not real Busy.
Two Servers on Duty.
Our Server (I think his name was Matt). was one of the worst servers I've ever Run Across.
He acted like we were a bother to him. He never told us about the Daily Specials, I had to Chase him down to ask for Grated Cheese for my Pasta. He did tell us they had Tiramisu for Desert, but when we said neither of us was in the mood for Tiramisu he just shrugged his shoulders and walked away with out making any other recommendations or suggestions. Didn't ask if we wanted an after dinner Coffee or anything. Just acted like he couldn't wait to get us to leave.
I've had Friendlier Service at McDonalds. The Food was Very Good and that is the Only Reason we would ever give this place a Second Chance. Matt I hope you read this and understand that the Tip I left you Reflected your Poor Service. Maybe you need to change up your Attitude or find another Job. FYI... I usually pay at least 20% Tip if the Service Warrants it. I felt the 15% you got was a Gift.EXCELLENT Naples style pizza...thinner crust, delicious sauce and cheese. This is the real deal with high quality ingredients. I'm thrilled it's close to my job because there's not a lot of good restaurants in Roxborough besides Maria's. I haven't experienced any problems with service and I appreciate the half price deals for lunch.I went there for the first time this past Saturday night.  The place was packed - a good sign.  I was so hungry. I was not expecting the place to be an authentic Italian restaurant. I just thought it was a typical pizza joint. I have lived in Roxborough/Andorra for many years but never stopped in. I am so glad I tried it.  I played it safe and ordered a sandwich.  I ordered the grilled chicken with fontina and prosciutto.  It was heavenly!  They put a little house salad on the side - such a nice touch for the small amount of money.  But the bread...my goodness the bread was awesome and the reason I love this place already.  Oh yeah, I will be back!!!The best pizza I have had since I went to Italy.  Seriously.  It was amazing.  The Margherita was wonderful, and the Fig pizza was to die for.  Save room for the Nutella rolls at the end. YUM YUM YUM YUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!A relatively small menu done right. Outstanding salads and entrees and real wood fired pizza. The other positive reviews have pretty much said it all. I just wanted to add my vote. They do a great job and I hope they continue.
The bread and sundried tomato dipping sauce is so outrageously good, I could have it as a meal.Ate here again. Fantastic again. 
Their pizza competes with any of the trendy places in the city. 
They would easily nail the Neopolitan Pizza Certification if they cared to apply for the certification. 
I hope they stay true to Roxborough and don't move on to bigger and better places. A second location on Ridge Ave. would be great!
They do need better espresso though. 
Viva Pizza!I've been do DiMeo's several times now.  The pizza, as others have said, is made in a wood fired oven at 8-900 degrees and bakes in approximately 90 seconds.
There is a nice char on the crust and the toppings are excellent.  The service has been a bit slow, however, I have been in at off hours so maybe they reserve the best wait staff for prime times.
I would definitely suggest this place.We had a wonderful meal here that evoked memories from our recent trip to Tuscany. Pasta was done right with a delicious lamb ragu. Meat and cheese board was freshly imported. Service was friendly and attentive. We can't wait to return.Mama Mia! This place used to be one of the best Italian restaurants in Philly. Not sure what happened. It's still better than your average corner store pizza joint, but the flare in the dishes has faded. They used to have a calamari and squid salad (grilled with that slight charcoal taste, yeah baby!), but took it off the menu for some reason. The garlic knots aren't quite as garlicky (though I guess my family is thankful for that). 
Hey, the ambience is still great. Good Italian music playing in the background. Old school photos of the owner's family adorn the walls. The owners are first generation Americans from Italy. This is a BYOB where they will gladly chill your wine or drinks for you. Service is still pretty good. Plenty of parking.Super yummy pizza. Cooked in a brick oven. My aunt had the pasta which was also delicious.It was a Thursday and I had a hankering for some pizza. Then I received an email from Zagat about 10 new restaurants in Philadelphia. On that list was Arde Osteria, which opened in Wayne yesterday - from the people who brought you DiMeo's! 
I saw that DiMeo's was on my way home from work and wondered how I'd never been. Even better, it was pure chance that I discovered this delicious pizzeria on the very day that they were doing $5 margherita pizzas! 
Even though they were receiving a huge amount of orders for $5 margherita pizzas (naturally), they had my order to me about 10-15 minutes after the projected time. I thought this was pretty good, considering other people were waiting an hour. 
This is the new pizza stop, end of story. Some of the other food coming out of the kitchen while I was waiting looked and smelled really good, too.
Oh, and the margherita pizza was downright delicious! I'll be back in a hurry for the fica pizza (fig spread, burrata, prosciutto san daniele, arugula, truffle oil), candied pistachio pizza, and the tartufo pizza. OMG.