Stopped in for beer and appetizer during happy hour. Very reasonable priced. Whipped cauliflower was tasty with olive tapenade. The pickle cherry tomatoes were great. I had the St. Anne stout on cask. It was good. The bar keep was pleasant and they had French Ligue 1 on TV. So a nice time all and all.Cute new addition to Main St. This restaurant shares the same owner as Taqueria Feliz and a few others. 
We stayed at the bar downstairs. They have a decent sized space. Upstairs there is additional seating. Apps were delish; we shared the picked cherry tomatoes and the beast fries. Portions we the perfect size to match the price. Drinks were great and the service was excellent 
Tip: whiskey bar with limited choices of other liquors. So if you like flavored vodkas this might not be your place.Thought this place would be a good addition to the otherwise sad Manayunk food scene.  Yeah I was wrong.  The interior looks like a hipster hunting lodge, which isn't too bad, somewhat cozy. The beer selection is very nice and well priced, they also have a nice whiskey selection.  Came here with a party of 8.  We all decided to get a bunch of different small plates to start off.  Sort of wanted to try a little bit of everything.  Beast fries were gross, the fries were hard like they were sitting in a bowl under a heat lamp, not right out of the fryer.  The crispy green beans were OK and the pickled tomatoes were  decent.  I ordered the friend chicken which was cooked well but over salted.  Others at the table got the burger which they enjoyed, but for $13 i would pass on, kinda small.  But the worst thing was the steak and eggs.  Over salted, over cooked steak and a pretty sad looking egg on the plate.  The bread pudding dessert was also horrible.  Would go back for a beer, but would probably steer clear of the food.Great new spot in the neighborhood. We had a great brunch experience. The seating for five of us, including a high chair for one of my little girls, was very nice, upstairs by the front windows. We all shared fries, which had a delicious gravy on them. The rest of the meal was burgers, roast beef, and an avocado sandwich...all wonderful. They also have a great beer selection. We'll definitely be back.As loyal fans of all if the Feliz restaurants we were extremely excited to try their newest venture Beast and Ale. We were not disappointed in the least! 
We started the meal with the fried green beans which were so much more than your standard restaurant fried green beans. The beans are pickled 1st which gives them a delicious, unexpected sweetness. The tempura batter is light and crispy. My entire party was in agreement that they needed a creamy dipping sauce but still worth ordering even without. 
We also tried the pickled cherry tomatoes. Not my favorite but one person at our table said he could eat them all night long. We tried both the Greek and chicken liver spreads. Both excellent! 
My favorite off all of the appetizers we tried were the Beast Fries. Hands down the best cheese fries I've eaten in my entire life!! 
For entrees we shared several. The fried chicken juicy and crispy. Paired with tangy greens and creamy polenta. I highly recommend the Beast Burger (the pickle on there takes the burger to a whole other level of burger goodness) and the roast beef sandwich. Both are delicious and can come with a side salad freeing you up to order those Beast Fries without fry overload. 
My favorite entree we tried was the Steak "Poupard".  The steak is perfectly seasoned and served with the most delicious potato hash, topped with an over easy egg. When the gooey goodness of that egg runs out onto the steak its like a bite of heaven! 
The place is gorgeous (just what you'd expect from those Feliz boys) and the service fantastic. They're attentive, knowledgable and friendly. No one at my table drinks so I can't comment on the bar but I will tell you the iced tea was delicious. Can't wait to go back!!!Service was excellent, ambience felt like a log cabin (upstairs), beer list was exquisite (you had me at Sixpoint and Ballast Point) and the burger was delicious. Do yourself a favor and go for the full beast burger, anything less is uncivilized. Will absolutely be back.Beast and Ale opened up a few weeks ago and I've had the pleasure of spending my last two Saturday nights there. When I heard it was opening up I had high expectations and wanted to check it out as soon as I could.
I have yet to try any of the food, but the drinks were solid and have no complaints about the menu. I mainly stuck with beer but my friends approved of the whiskey and wine. Service was excellent, the interior gets two thumbs up and the outdoor deck is a great addition. The downstairs happened to be alot busier than the upstairs on both nights. 
Check it out.Solid gastropub in Manayunk. Drinks are good with a solid rotating craft beer list. Menu is pretty interesting. They have a section of dips and spreads which are cool. Good burger, fried green beans, and BLT.
Check out the deck on the second floor.Being almost weekly patrons of cantina feliz in fort washington, I'm pretty bummed to write this review. In short, the thoughtfulness of the food just isn't here like it is at cantina and we have no plans to ever go back. 
My husband and I had the crispy spicy buffalo chicken wings that weren't really crispy or spicy, they were good but I could have gotten the same from any generic pizza place or bar. Husband got the special which was a braised pork belly over white beans, i had several bites and it was so salty it was practically I inedible. I got a local Forrest & main beer (nice and light) and the single patty burger with caramelized onions and bacon, it wasn't bad but it wasn't anything better than I've had at five guys or shake shack and they didn't ask me how I wanted it cooked which I found a little odd. 
Service was actually so attentive and quick that we were only there for 30mins, on a Saturday night, after driving 30mins to get there. At the end we both had room for dessert since we weren't thrilled with our dinners but we weren't interested in either option of strawberry shortcake and grilled pineapple...I was hoping for at least a boozy milkshake or spiked coffee but no, we ended up having to walk up the street to grab another drink and dessert. 
Beast & ale isn't "bad", I just expected more. I expect their food to have an inventive twist on classics and I was really let down that there was nothing special or original here.This is my go to happy hour spot. Great deals and the staff there is super friendly. I recommend  the Chimichurri wings, beast fries, and the burger. I've never had a long wait. Sitting on the upstairs  deck is also great.Beast & Ale is a short walk from my house, located on Main Street in Manayunk.  That alone gave me reason to check it out.  After a visit or two for drinks, I decide it had graduated to dinner service.
Three, including myself, decided to check things out.  We started with the Pickled Cherry Tomatoes and Whipped Cauliflower.  The tomatoes were unique.  I enjoyed them but probably wouldn't get them again.  The cauliflower is great.  We didn't let a single drop leave the table.
We all had a variation of the burger for our main.  I had the Bacon Belly Beast and would highly recommend it.  While it filled me up, I didn't feel full.  Every bite was fresh.  Most of the veggies (onion, lettuce, pickle) were on the side.  The others opted for the fries upgrade, but I was happy to stick with the salad (have to eat healthy =P).
Drinks here are a major plus.  The beer selection is great.  However, I enjoy their Moscow Mule (served in the appropriate copper mug).  If you're not sure about dinner, you should be, but if not there are always drinks!As Beast & Ale is a new restaurant to Manayunk, figured best to check it out. While the food was decent, the service and menu was not the same standard. The waitress was very polite and kind, but returned with our entrees with the wrong salad. While this was a minor mistake and the salad was still good, it was not something to complain over. The menu seems heavy with appetizers and small plates, which is nice for a bar snack, but I would like to see an extended dinner menu. However, Beast & Ale offers daily specials, which help extend the dinner menu and provide a good variety.
Started off dinner with the chicken liver mousse and beef tartare, which both were excellent. However, the bread that was served with both lacked in flavor and appeared to be toasted with a heavy amount of oil. What would have been ideal is to serve the chicken liver mousse with more of a cracker and the beef tartare with a firm, chewy bread.
For dinner went with the fried chicken, which was delicious with no complaints. Everything was seasoned well and the portion size was perfect for an entree. I would return to order this again as it was some of the best friend chicken I have eaten. My date ordered the french onion soup and panzanella salad, but instead received the french onion soup and kale salad, which she did not complain as both were enjoyable.
Also, I noticed Beast & Ale likes to use certain marketing techniques such as pricing items for $X.95 to make some think they are spending less or to sit everyone closer to the front to make the restaurant appear busier. Maybe this is unintentional, but it is clever in order to drive a new business forward in a location that has struggled for previous restaurants. 
Finally - the beer selection is very good and pairs well with the food being served. Also, the servers will recommend potential pairings, which I think is great. 
Overall, I would return to this restaurant, but would most likely focus on ordering entrees for dinner and appetizers/small plates for happy hour with a few beers.I was very distracted during my dining here as it was one of the worst dining experiences of my life COMPLETELY unrelated to the restaurant.  With that being said, the food wasn't bad but wasn't great, and it was sort of expensive.  Good concept though.  Parking is a Bia over here.This looked like a nice place to eat.  We ordered a burger and a Kale salad.  Normally this would take maybe 20 minutes at the most.  Well, we waited about 35 minutes for our meal to come.  Nobody was in the place.  I have no idea why this took so long.  On the plus side the food was excellent.    So if you want excellent food that takes a while to come to your table, this is your place to go.Stopped in to say hello yesterday as I do work for another establishment on Main Street.. It was Moosehead Monday in which they offer 2.00 Moosehead drafts which is a good deal.. I saw this incredible looking plate of fries come out with meat on top and was told they were the pork belly fries. I had to get an order just to see if they were as good as they looked..  The answer was they sure were.. You must come here to try them or the beast fries... The beer and whiskey selection is very good here and the servers and staff are nice people.. The next time I have to try the BLT with the fried egg on top. That also looked amazing..We really don't frequent Manayunk all that much. It's too congested for us. We decided to give it a shot though today. B&A is an awesome place to sit back, drink, eat, and converse. 
There were three of us today. We tried the gravy fries as an app, the BLT, Fried Chicken platter, and the Kale salad. We enjoyed everything we ate.
We also had several drinks- the red sangria, the Dark and Stormy, and a couple beers. The Dark and Stormy was impressive. They even made it the real way using Gosling's Rum and Ginger Beer. Pretty awesome. Speaking of beers- they offer Cigar City's Maduro Brown Ale. Being from Tampa, it's always welcomed to see CCB on any beer menu. It reminds us of home. We appreciate that.
All in all, an excellent experience. When in the area, we will try to stop back in.Great spot in Manayunk with a lot of unique dishes and design inside. Flavors and textures all over, plus drinks and good service. Fun place to try on Main Street.This review is based on our two visits to this restaurant.One relatively recent and one much closer to their opening. We have also been to Happy Hour a few times. On our first visit we left feeling unimpressed by the food. However, on our second visit we were blown away. I had the General Jane's chicken which was out of this world! I still think about it. My husband had a burger which he really enjoyed. Our service was also superb, and our waiter was good humored and attentive. After we left, I realized I forgot my hat, and by the time I walked back they had already called me to let me know they had it. I would recommend this to my friends and am excited to return.Really great food. I mean, REALLY. We got their menu special (pierogies, sausage, and rice pudding, paired with 3 awesome beers) and it was amazing. Bartender was also super nice, and informative about the food, beer, and whiskey. I would recommend this place over and over. Definitely check it out Philly!Really enjoyed our pub food and drink on a sunny afternoon. The hosts and our server were particularly accommodating to our large group that wanted to sit outside on short notice.I came here to just grab a round of drinks after dinner and before a movie. It seemed like a very nice dive bar with a casual environment. If I was from the area, I could see my friends and I being regulars at the bar. I ordered a dark and stormy and a Moscow mule, both made with perfection. I'm not sure how the dinner menu is, but coming here for a round of drinks was great!A lot to improve upon. 
Positives:
Drink list (beer wine and spirits) was good
Flavor combinations were interesting
Negatives:
All 3 burgers at the table were undercooked
Waiter didn't refill waters 
Dessert (bread pudding) tasted old
Some portions a lot smaller than expectedEh - what can I say? Went on a Tuesday night. Everyone is very nice and they have a cute roof deck. But the food is really just OK. We had the Baby Beast burgers....dry patty, under-seasoned...nothing special. Chicken wings dry not spicy at all. Cauliflower dip is good. 
The biggest issue is it's a poor value overall. We went during happy hour ($4 drafts) and got the following:
2 burgers 
3 beers
2 apps
1 kid's burger.
Total with tip: $71 !! 
Not a good value. I guess if the food was amazing (and we do like Taqueria Feliz), it would be worth it...otherwise, I can get the same quality for about $40, at any number of Manayunk bars. 
As an aside: they have 1 or 2 high chairs, which means there were none for our toddler, so we had to deal with him squirming and running around instead of us all sitting. B and A: get more high chairs!
Probably not coming back unless menu or prices change.Best burger I've had in Manayunk! I also really like that the burgers come with a salad instead of fries. That being said, we still wanted fries.  So we ordered an appetizer of the cheese fries. We asked the waiter if it was enough to share between 4 people and he said yes.  Even though we're big eaters, I don't believe even a foursome with a light appetite for fries would've been satisfied.  The portion was pretty small for the price.  They were delicious which may have also added to the disappointment.  The beer selection was nice and the vibe was cool so we'll be back - just won't be overpaying for those fries again.New place on Main St.  I'm excited it seems like this place has the staying power the several others before did not.  Good selection of beer and the food was tasty.  Service was quick.  I would go definitely go back.Good burger spot on Main Street. Beast & Ale certainly is a nice addition to the Main St, Manayunk scene (even though I do miss Bisou, the previous tenant of this location). We've dined at B&A a couple times now and both times has been delicious. This most recent encounter, we opted to try the Cauliflower appetizer to start. It was OK. Thought it was a little bland, but my fiancée loved it. For entrees, I opted for the Bacon Belly Burger, which was a Beast ! (No pun intended). Layers of ground beef, pork belly, bacon, and pure deliciousness. It's a mouthful, but worth trying at least once. 
Service has always been spot on and attentive. I struck out a few times with my beer choices (seems like they were running on low on supply that night). I'll have to go back to try the different flights they have.Ummm yea, I'll definitely be coming back to this place! I read in philly.com the chef wanted to open a beef 'n ale type place based off of ye olde ale house in Lafayette Hill (which is good, but a dive).  So.. I had to get the roast "beast" sandwich, w/fries, and also got an order of wings & eggplant dip. Everything was really, really good..the sandwich was the best roast beef sandwich I ever had, and the fries were crispy and well done (just like I like them!) wings were tasty (buffalo flavor); enough of a slight difference in typical buffalo flavor, but crispy and really damn good. Eggplant dip was really good, but I would try another dip next time.  Overall, I'm a fan. ;)Went the week it opened up.  Didnt have to wait long for a table but sat on the 1.5 floor.  The restaurant in squished in.  No room in between tables so talking to people was extremely difficult.  It was also so dark could not really see well.
The food was basically 5 guys on fancier bun.  Meat was horrible and greasy for the burger and the fries had to be pre-frozen.  
Service was friendly but took a long time to order drinks.  I am not sure that was the waiter'f fault.My wife and I had the chance to get an early sneak preview of the Beast this past weekend.  The place is really big, which is a plus.  Lots of taxidermy mixed with modern touches.  I had a really nice Tom Collins.  We started off with some of the pickled veggies, which were really good.  I always said the best pickled veg I've had was by George Sabatino at stateside, and these were on the same level.  We had the greek spread which was awesome.  Tart feta and lemon taste with some paper thin serrano chilis for heat spread on toast.  I wanted more and will get some in the future.  We also tried the chimichurri wings.  I loved them, really crispy.  I'm a wing snob and can get really pissed off at a soggy wing.  This one was cooked perfectly and some nice acidic tones.  I got the beast burger.  This burger triggered the sort of thing happens with different kinds of food for me.  It kind of pulls you back to the first time you had a really good (insert type of food here) when you were younger.  That is exactly what the beast burger did for me.  It was exceedingly simple, unpretentious and delicious.  The burger needs nothing.  Sure, you get get a bunch of different toppings on it and i might try them in the future, but if you like a simple but delicious burger theres no reason to.
My wife had the grilled fish.  I think it was tilapia.  It came on a diner style plate and even had a diner style presentation, but it was really high end cooking.  It was one of the better pieces of fish I've had in a while.
Another great aspect of this is that the things that can be done gluten free by using rice flour, they do.  This is so valuable, and something alot of restaurants do not do because....(crickets chirping).  So with that said, I cant wait to try the Fried Chicken, Freid Green Beans and Fried Fish.  My wife has celiacs, so this is super important.
I've been to all of their restaurants dozens of times.  I love their mexican food, but its great that they are branching out.  I am excited to try more of what they are doing here.  What a great organization.  They've greatly improved my weekends.My wife and I got the baby beast and beast burgers. Both were delicious! The salad was excellent as well. 
We enjoyed the vibe, decor, and friendliness of the staff. Only downside was the high price of their drink "special".Main Street needed a place like Beast & Ale. Big fan!Burger was good, fries were good. Gripe was the cost of the beer. Charged me $10 for a 10oz beer! My gf $7 for a pint and it wasn't even filled to the top. Some improvement is needed in this department.Yup 5 stars for sure. Everything was fantastic.. Drinks, food and the service. This was our first time so we wanted to try everything and for just two people that is what we did ;) we had the garlic wings which were super garlicky and well done w a side of blue cheese. Loved it!  We tried the whipped cauliflower which was so amazing, the fried green beans and beast fries w a side of pub cheese. Both fantastic!  Finally, we ordered the fried chicken and beast burger w a fried egg, bacon and blue cheese. Omg SO freaking good!!  We also ordered a side of the hot pepper relish and let me tell ya, that stuff is hot but I love a good kick so getting it on the side was perfect. As for drinks, we tried a few beers, Moscow mule and the Manhattan. All so good!  I wish I could remember our servers name bc he def deserves a shout out!  He was awesome. Can't wait to come back!Last night my friend and I stopped in for some food and drink.   I wish we had chose somewhere else. Although I had been there once before and it was solid, this time around, the bartending/waitstaff was quite rude. They made it clear they did not want my friend and I at their bar and did what they could to encourage us to leave just short of asking...which they might as well have done. I will be the first to say, this place was not our first stop and we had been imbibing prior.  I understand bartenders need to make calls about serving customers, however, considering my friend and I went to two other establishments following our poor Beast and Ale experience, neither which had any issue serving food or drink, I'm not sure what their issue was with us.  I'd gladly admit I was a fool if that were the case. Sad to see a place that has real potential fall because of its staff.Simply wow - from the moment we walk in the service was nice and welcoming. I had a burger and dammm it was great. The decor is interesting and there have lots of seating and space for people to have great food and fun. Our waiters was Emily, so ask for her and give her a good tip. She was very attentive and kind. So please checkout this place in Main Street. EnjoyI have to say, I expected a lot more out of this place, and hope they can deliver in the future.
Pros: Open Table reservations, excellent bar and bartender!  Fair pricing (beers may be about a dollar too high, but that's alright).
Cons: Unimpressive food (although the menu seems to tell otherwise).  Poor attention to quality (my beer was far too hazy compared to round 1, our friend's chicken salad had a strong hint of fish). 
Bottom line: Enjoy drinks here, and move on for dinner.Tried the fried green beans, fried chicken and pickled tomatoes.  Fried chicken is amazing.  They actually remove the breast plate and make it with an airline style chicken breast, which is a genius move.  You hold the breast by the wing and can eat it like that without having to pull the meat away from the breast plate with your teeth.  Love the green beans and the pickled tomatoes.  I keep seeing a lot of their specials on social media and it looks like they are branching out from the style of stuff on the menu, which is nice.  I love this place.Wow, this is definitely going to be a new go-to place for me for as long as i'm in manayunk. Came here for the first time during spring restaurant week with friends. We were seated upstairs. Love the decor and lighting of this place. They had some cool drinks on their menu and I ended up ordering a sangria. The sangria(red) was amazing!! Ever since we came here i've been craving sangria because of how good it was. 
We did the $15 tasting menu for restaurant week. For the first course, I had the buffalo wings. The wings were tasty and they really gave you a good amount which I wasn't expecting from a $15 menu. Some of my friends went with the pickled cherry tomatoes which they enjoyed. For the main course, I got the baby beast burger. This was amazing. It was on a brioche bun, and had a dijonnaise spread on it. I also had added bacon to it. It was perfectly cooked. The burger also had a small mixed greens salad on the side which I thought was really good. The only option for dessert just said "fig bar"which I wasn't excited about because I was honestly just picturing like a fig newton cookie on a plate, lol. But, this like everything else was amazing! I guess it was a fig bar but it had some yummy strawberry yogurt spread on it. It really was a great dessert.
 Our experience at beast and ale was amazing. They obviously go all out for restaurant week and offer a great value, which is smart because I know they definitely gained repeat customers from our group. We all loved it. Everyone we encountered was super friendly. Our waitress was perfect, she was attentive without being overbearing. Solid five yelps!!Our server was very nice and friendly without being over bearing. The food was delicious and the atmosphere was chillThere was good reason to drive out to Manayunk tonight and battle to find parking: Beast & Ale, the newest restaurant from the Feliz group, was offering a $15 Restaurant Week dinner menu.
$15! That's it! An absolute steal.
I walked in at my reservation time and was brought past the bar and open kitchen area to the upstairs dining room. For the "ale" part of my meal (not included in RW price), I chose the Smuttynose Shoals Pale Ale from their respectable draft list. In the bottles section, they had several names that I had actually never heard of. I think that's a good thing!
First Course: A heaping portion of feta cheese and Greek yogurt topped with a chili pepper slice and radish on toasted, thick, fresh bread. For some moronic reason, I didn't fully read the description, nor did I bother to identify the green thing on top, so I ate the pepper. My friend laughed and laughed at my reaction for way too long. Fact: I. Hate. Peppers. More. Than. Anything. In. Life. This food-intake mistake was entirely my fault. I will read more carefully next time.
Second Course: The "Baby Beast Burger" is a pretty standard cheeseburger that generally tasted like any other basic cheeseburger, but I enjoyed it. It's topped with American cheese and dijonnaise and they put pickles, lettuce and onions on the side. The brioche bun was a nice touch. It was considered a "baby" since it only had one patty.
Third Course: Apple Bread Pudding. This was PERFECT for fall! It was a small-ish plate, but considering the amount of food we already were given, and the fact that it was all for $15, we weren't complaining! So, so good.
Also, I can't finish this review without noting how awesome all of the staff members were throughout our meal! Our server was Chelsea, but everyone else in the restaurant was also extremely accommodating! With such excellent service, great food at affordable prices, and a prime location, this place is poised for long-term success if they keep it up!
Manayunk is not my favorite neighborhood (got a mini-workout after dinner walking up that darn hill!), but I want to head back soon and try other plates that caught my eye, like their fried chicken and braised kale.
Best of luck, Beast & Ale!Beast & Ale is delicious spot to get some fancy bar food, though not 5 star bar food worthy. The cauliflower spread was definitely  amazing and the roast beast was good, a little soggy, but good. Service was also good, though the waitress we got was a little over zealous.I have been here twice and had such great experiences each time. One time I stopped by for Restaurant Week and the other was for dinner with some friends. Both times the food was delicious and the service was extremely attentive and pleasant. The burgers are my favorite and the sangria is great too. I love sitting on their upstairs deck! I'd definitely return and bring more friends.Just got back from here and loved it. We went at 5 pm and brought our kids. Service was great and attentive. We were in time for happy hour so wine was $4 and other drinks were cheap too. We started with the fried green beans and meatloaf meatballs. Both were super yummy!!  Loved the gravy in the meatballs. The baby burger was so amazing. The best burger I've had in well... It might just be the best. Everyone who ordered it loved it!  We passed on dessert.. No chocolate. It's really worth going here. We will be back soonThey totally accommodate gluten-free.  Awesome atmosphere,  friendly staff. Chilled out. Try a cocktail at happy hour.It's a cool place to hang but a small and interesting menu selection (like bologna with everything) Recently there for brunch and ended up just getting  the brunch fries that were pretty good. They were on the drier side and could have used a little more gravy. They also make great Bloody Mary's with pickle juice! Burgers looked pretty good though!For a place named Beast & Ale, I thought it would be burgers and beer right... 
Not to much. Only reason I would come here is during happy hour. Food is sub par compared to the rest of Main Street and the craft beer menu is limited. They do have cask beer, room temperature and hand pumped, and a cool rooftop deck area to drink.I decided to use Manayunk Restaurant Week as an excuse to try Beast & Ale, which was definitely a good idea, as their tasting menu was only $15 (and you got a fairly filling amount of food, too!).
First, the vibe: dark, lodge-like, cool taxidermy on the walls. The downstairs was cozy, but not cramped, and the upstairs was surprisingly roomy, with some outdoor space as well. It was surprisingly loud up there (echoes), but it didn't affect the conversation.
For the tasting menu, I had the pickled tomatoes with ricotta cheese. It came with bread and was delicious, but the tomatoes were a little more acidic than expected. I got the avocado sandwich for the second course and I couldn't believe how many slices of fresh veggies were layered into the sandwich. Really well-done and came with a light side salad. The final course was an apple bread pudding (with caramel). If you like bread pudding, it was good.
Definitely coming back at some point. The beer list was on point and full of small craft breweries, so if you're an adventurous beer drinker, there will definitely be brews you haven't tried or heard of yet.Came by to check out this new joint for manayunk restaurant week. It was probably the best value I've had at any restaurant week at $15 for a 3 course meal. Apps were great, highly recommend the fried green beans and chicken liver mousse. Burgers were tasty, fries decent, and good desert. Chill outdoor seating on the roof. Pretty nice draft selection too. Will definitely be back.Just loved dinner at the bar. The salisbury steak special, the sea bass and the kale salad were all wonderful, but not as good as the service. The beers on tap were interesting and diverse, although no porters or stouts. We will be back.I've been dying to try this new addition to Main Street Manayunk, and finally had the chance last night.  T. 
We grabbed a table upstairs along the window that overlook main street. Super cute decor, dim lighting, dark blue walls and glittered decor which of course made me fall even more in love.  I started with at Tom Collins, and then we split a bottle of red wine.   Only 4 reds and 4 whites to choice from, but i didn't mind with the full bar option as well. My cocktail was delicious.  
Because of the Tuesday special ($2 off all appetizers and spreads) we decided to start with the Spinach and Artichoke Dip.. served with toasted bread.. so so so yummy!
I had the baby beast but added a fried egg. Everything was great!! 
The food was cooked perfectly, and decent portions.As of the soft opening, everything looks promising for this eatery by the Taqueria Feliz and La Calaca Feliz owners. Beast & Ale is a take on comfort food with a gastropub twist. The food is delicious and everything's shaping up well and I'm looking forward to returning.Came here last night for new year's eve dinner with husband and in-laws.  The decor is pretty cool, and the area upstairs is very nice.  Staff were very friendly.  We ordered a few cocktails and they were very good and reasonably priced.  Being a whiskey drinker, I thought they had a good selection and again, reasonable in price.
The food was decent as well.  I did get the pork belly special (not on the menu) and it was tasty, but it could have been a bit more crispy.  Wings were good, salads were underwhelming.  My brother in law got one of the burgers on the menu and that looked delicious.
All in all, a very nice and relaxed place to eat in Manayunk.  Would like to come back in the spring to go out on the deck upstairs, if it's open.Nice atmosphere! Good place to get a burger! The wait staff is super friendly as well!!!This place was delicious!  I had the avocado sandwich with a fried egg added on (extra $) with a side salad.  It was a light and refreshing sandwich.  My sandwich was affordable and worth every penny.  The staff was very prompt and courteous, and we were seated in a very speedy fashion.  The atmosphere was very inviting.  I would definitely go back again!The understated lighting, wood paneling, fireplace, and mounted animal heads definitely lend this place a cozy feel. 
The beer selection was varied both in terms of selection and price point, so everyone in our party was able to find something they enjoyed, and the server was quite knowledgeable about everything on the menu. 
Apps: Pork belly fries were decadent and delicious. Folks also enjoyed the meatballs. Garlic chimichurri wings: Understated flavor, tender 
Entree: Since I don't eat beef, I went with the tempura fish sandwich and side salad. The salad was surprisingly flavorful, dressed just enough with light citrus. The tempura fish sandwich was light, cooked just right, and delicious. 
We had no room for dessert, but the options sounded tempting. Convenient location for when you're hanging out along Main Street.We were excited to check this joint out at one of the trickier spots on Main Street. We've seen really excellent restaurants try and fail simply cos its alittle further off the main drag and so were happy to see that it was busy on Labor Day weekend. The service was really excellent - attentive door and wait staff. But i'm afraid we all felt the same: either they need to lower the price or blow you out of the water with the food. Overall the portions were meager - the beast fries (like poutine without the cheese curds) are a great signature dish - super tasty and easy to eat but for $9, the portion was way too small. For an entree, I ordered the Baby Beast, a quarter pounder which i got with their standard fixings to see what it came out as. Same thing - $10 for an ok (small) burger with a tiny side of green salad (fries were an extra buck). I'd rather shell out the extra $5 for the jake burger up the street (which is a real BEAST) or even go to couch tomato for their sliders which are small but excellent. Rest of the guys got fried chicken which was good but again, a greedy $17ish bucks. For 6, with tip, the tab came out as $250ish with drinks. Not a cheap night for 'american comfort/greasy spoon'. These same owners have the cantina up the street and i had the same response.. i tried it, felt slightly ripped off price wise and the food just wasn't good enough to justify a trip back.