I love the food here and have no idea why it isn't always more crowded. I always get the whole wheat pasta with arugula and lemon olive oil. It is ridiculously good and also light for a pasta dish. My fiancé always gets some seafood pasta that he raves about. The bruschetta is also delicious.  I like sitting in the bar area - the dining room feels kind of formal to me.High in sodium. Chicken soup and pasta dish both extremely salty. Just went there last night with the hubby and we only noticed it because we're trying to take care of our heart health. I think if it were us 10 years ago, we'd probably not care about the sodium level because we didn't know better back then. 
In the words of my husband, "it wasn't bad".Average plus food. The lasagna was not that good, avoid. The calamari for appetizer was good.Went here for my boyfriends mini birthday dinner. Ambience was great. This place has indoor and outdoor seatings for when the weather is nice. The host and waitress were very welcoming. The food was ok, pasta red sauce was bland could use some pizazz. Looking forward to a better meal in the future.Had a business lunch with a fairly large party here yesterday and loved it. Very good Italian food, excellent service. It will be a 60-90 minute trip from home but, I plan to take my wife here soon. All of the dishes looked delicious and everyone enjoyed their selection.Eaten there a few times now. Reasonably priced, good Italian place in Manayunk. The atmosphere is casual but a little bit upscale. The breads were very good, as was the rest of what we ordered. The staff was very friendly.Hands down they make the BEST  chicken meatball soup and brushetta!!! AND their garlic knot rolls are absolutely to  die for. Always warm!!Great outdoor seating perfect for people watching. Menu had a wide range of options. Delicious gluten free pizza and the first place I've been that doesn't charge you extra for gluten free! ( def a plus)We came here for my birthday and the food was really good. I had the lobster ravioli which was amazing and my fiancé had a pasta chicken dish that was delicious. I can't say much for the service as it was our server's first day. She was clearly new (didn't know the menu, specials, happy hour, etc) but she was very sweet. I would definitely recommend.Stopped in today for a birthday lunch with a group of 10 coworkers. The atmosphere is nice but casual, though the street noise was a little rough on this nice August day. We were tended to right away and given our drinks and a selection of bread, all of which was delicious, quickly.
I ordered the fried calamari as an appetizer and the pollo parmigiana panini for my main course. The calamari were crispy out the outside, tender on the inside, and wonderfully seasoned. The dipping sauce had a bit more heat than your standard marinara, which was nice. The sandwich - served on a standard crusty roll, not pressed - was also tasty, though I could only eat half of it after the wonderful appetizers.
The standout problem with the place was service. After the promising beginning, our waitress disappeared for long stretches, leaving drinks empty for a long time and the food was slow to arrive, even though the restaurant was sparsely populated and other tables were attentively served by their assigned staffers. We arrived at noon, ordered our food at 12:25, and were still not out of the restaurant until 1:45. That's fine for a casual dinner, but a lunch menu should be expected to be more expedient.
I would absolutely return for a date night with less pressure to get back to the office, but this lunch experience only earns 3 stars.Meatballs are American - not a good sign. Marinara sub-par. Gnocchi average. No memorable tastes here. If you're looking for more authentic Italian, you'll be disappointed.We went to brunch and brunch only for this restaurant.  The atmosphere is a modest and nicely decorated building. Nothing too absurd and nothing run-down or cheap. Simply classic. 
The restaurant was pretty much empty when we went in (I imagine everyone was still in a drunken stupor from Halloween parrying last night). The waitress was fairly quick to attend to us and bring us our drinks. Quickly after that came bread and olive oil. We did not try the bread but a friend we were with did and did not seem to have any complaints. 
I ordered the hangar steak which comes with two fried eggs and home fries. I also ordered a side of fruit. Hangar steak is never as high quality as a top sirloin or anything so I never expect to be wowed. The steak was on par or maybe a little below par for a hangar steak.  If you're a male who wears large gloves it's about the size of a fist. I should've ordered medium-rare but I ordered medium. The steak was good, no real complaints. Same with the eggs as it's hard to mess that up. The home fries were cooked great. The side of fruit consists of some slices of pineapples, honeydew, and some thin slices of strawberries. 14 dollars for that and some orange juice in a nice affluent part of town? Not bad at all. 
The French toast was ordered by someone else. This was by far the best looking thing we ordered. Out came a plate of handsomely cooked french toast. Thick, not burnt, sliced in half from corner to corner and laid partly on top of each other across the entire plate. It must have been four slices in all? Topped in powdered sugar, strawberries, whipped butter, and nutella. I think it was nine dollars? Awesome. 
Another friend ordered a large omelette which looked very well put together. It came with toast. Those were 9 dollars.
A good experience overall and if dinner were the same prices i would go back for that as well.Went to Bella for the father of my girlfriend's birthday yesterday with him, her, and two of her sisters plus a miniature man. Let me start my review by commending our waitress for her extreme patience with our crew. As an ex in-the-business-er I recall how taxing indecision, a toddler, and a picky patron can be, so this review goes out to you, dark haired lady. If only names didn't escape me so I could give you your proper props (it seemed all the employees had dark hair). 
After multiple visits from Bella (how I will refer to said waitress), and multiple times of sending her away because no one looked at their menu for the first thirty minutes, the group was finally able to focus enough to place an appetizer order. We got the Italiano and Caprese plates, and when they were delivered an order of Zuppa Di Pesce was added. At this juncture the table realized they hadn't considered their entrees yet, so more deliberation ensued. I would like to take this opportunity to point out that I prepared for dinner by checking the menu online and knew exactly what I would get before walking through the door (unless a special jumped at me, which it did). Wasn't too impressed with the Caprese (3 slices each of tomato and mozzarella), but the Italiano was good (cured meats, cheese, and roasted peppers so what's not to like). The Pesce (toast, clams, muscles, scallops, squid and tasty looking broth) was a hit with everyone, but I abstained. 
Some time later our entrees arrived and I began to dig into my trio of meats in lemon and olive oil from the specials menu. Since the dining experience had started to run smoothly, the freshly turned two toddler decided it was his cue to dump boiling alfredo sauce on his arm. Generally little people suffering pulls at my heart strings, but with three lovely ladies and a grandpa handling things, I continued to gorge (no real damage except a mess for Bella to clean up). The chicken was okay, but the pork and veal were a bit well done. Being fairly thin cuts I understand, and the lemon wedged squeezed on top helped me ignore any dryness. Granpa-pa ordered the Linguine Vongole e Cozze (linguine and muscles in a white wine sauce), gf got the lobster ravioli, and one of the sisters got the gnocchi; all positive reviews. There was also an order of vegetable lasagna that was not well received at all (as a carnivore I am not surprised, after all, there was no meat), so it was removed from the bill. Much obliged Bella. 
Finally desert time came and, after sending the cheesecake with b-day candle and the tiramisu away twice because one diner wasn't ready to receive it, I was able to awkwardly sing happy birthday. Once again, I commend the tolerance. I could see the joy in her eyes when Bella was finally able to drop off the check, so we made sure to put up extra cash when the bill collection went down. 
In summation: 
Bella Trattoria- *** 
Bella the server- *****Had a business lunch at Bella.  Everyone enjoyed the food.  But it simply took to long...over an hour to get in and out.  And the place wasn't even busy.  Probably a better choice to take in dinner, when you've got more time.Italian food can be a finicky dish to prepare...properly. And I've been to some places that swings and misses. Others use the same ol same ol. And others do what they can to make something the stands out. Well, Bella Trattoria does a damn good job of standing out. 
With the warm weather, most people were sitting outside at all the restaurants. We wandered over here around 7:30 in hopes for some dinner and to catch a glimpse of the Phillies game. They had a table inside the bar area that was at an open window. Perfect. I could also see the Phillies game. Perfect. 
We ordered a bottle of white wine. The waiter was gracious and let me take a sip of the wine before pouring. The wine was smooth, floral, and chilled nicely. My fiance ordered ricotta tortellini with a cream pesto sauce. I had penne rustichi. Her cream pesto sauce was not over-powering, and was light enough to not feel like you were eating cement. The pasta was cooked well, and she said she could taste ricotta as well as the sauce, which means they balanced the two nicely. My pasta consisted of broccoli, tomatoes, and garlic. Very well balanced. Nothing over powered anything else. Both of us were pleased with the portions as well. 
We were not forced out the door after eating. WE lingered on to finish our bottle of wine. The pricing was reasonable. 
Definitely a place to come to. We'll be back. 
As a bonus, during happy hour, $5 glasses of wine. Cannot beat that.Great for lunch - never been here for dinner.  But there are tons of choices for under $10 and the vegetarian lunches hover around $7 - for sit down service, you can't beat that in Manayunk.  No reservations required, there's plenty of outdoor seating (or indoor seating near the open windows).  Two caveats: dishes pack in the garlic, most lunches are pretty heavy.
Their bread basket has delicious warm garlic knots.  Make sure to ask for the daily specials.  I've heard dishes with salmon are good but friends don't recommend the chicken dishes.
The Good:
- Verdure sandwich has a large portobello mushroom saturated in balsamic vinegar, topped with super thin eggplant slices, roasted red peppers and melted mozzarella.  Fantastic on their multigrain bread - large enough portion for 2 servings and a steal at $7.
- Penne Rustiche is very heavy, but good with large chunky vegetables and olive oil, a generous portion for lunch.
- Rustico antipasto solid salad has similar ingredients to the Verdure sandwich, but comes with thick slices of fresh mozzarella and olives on the side.  
The Bad:
- Pizzas are nothing special, I've ordered several and can't even remember what they were.
- Arugula salad with goat cheese, candied walnuts and dried fruit is not my favorite.  It's packed full of arugula, pretty skimpy on the toppings & overall has too sweet a taste.Great dinner place!  I went with my girlfriend and her family on a Saturday night and it was fabulous.
The people I was with have been going to this place for years - It's right on the main drag in Manayunk and surrounded by a lot of awesome bars, boutiques, ice cream places and shops of all kinds.  It's quite large and has a few rooms and a decent sized bar.  There are large windows that can open so you can people watch.  The staff is very friendly and they offer a huge assortment of what seem to be authentic Italian dishes (I'm not Italian, and certainly not an expert on Italian food).  
We ordered a whole bunch of appetizers - their special of flatbread with fresh basil, tomato, melted parmesan, a large bowl of chopped tomatoes, steamed mussels, sausage and peppers, and their signature Italiano antipaste dish of  soppressada, salami, provolone, peppers, and a whole bunch of other tasty meats and cheeses.  All was sooo delicious and fresh tasting - I especially recommend their flatbread pizza special.
For my main entree I ordered the Penne Siciliane, which was penne with eggplant, onions, and basil sauce in a fresh tomato sauce topped with shaved ricotta salata.  The portion size was very reasonable and it was delicious!  I had this with a glass of Merlot and it was perfect.  Everyone else had their lasagna, the spaghetti verdi, and their special which was a seafood explosion on top of some pasta.  Everyone loved their plates and ate almost all of it.  
I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone in the mood for great Italian food in the Philadelphia area.  Great staff, great ambiance, great food, reasonable prices.If only they did clams in white wine sauce better than Il Tartufo (which is almost across the street from Bella Trattoria), this would get 5 stars and I would stay with them completely and not go at all to Il Tartufo. 
But everything else I like about the place.  I like the garlic rolls, with the right amount of garlic.  I really like the spaghetti in bolognese.  The spaghetti is cooked right, not too watery and soggy, but with enough crispness without becoming too hard.  Likewise, the meat sauce is filled with rich meats and tomato sauce.  Likewise, the lasagna is layered perfectly with the right amount of cheeses and meat. Finally, there are several coffee shops on Main St. in Mayanunk, but if you are looking for a double espresso, look no further than here.
I have a different server each time. Some were more sociable than others, but all were attentive, friendly and did not keep me waiting. All in all, a good place to go in Mayanunk for some pasta. But the only thing is I just didn't like the clams in white wine and Il Tartufo does a better job with it and that dish happens to be my favorite pasta dish.I have been here twice.  I can't speak for the rest of the food, because I've only had one thing; their signature pizza. It is very tasty, with good quality ingredients and a perfectly soft yet crispy crust.  This is all for a very reasonable price.  The restaurant has very nice decor and is spotlessly clean.  I will definitely be back.SOOO, a neat Italian place on main street with some decent garlic knots.  A really affordable lunch menu but don't think I'd splurge for the dinner portions or prices.  Outside dining is a must as the interior is just the place where they sit you so that you can stare with puppy dog eyes at all the people outside having all the fun.  Still a solid stop on the main street circuit.They have great brunch!  My friend and I were in a brunchy kind of mood, and after walking through the mass amount of people waiting at Winnie's LeBus (enjoy your post brunch diarrhea, people), I noticed that Bella (as I have come to call it over the years) was serving Saturday and Sunday brunch.
I love their food in general and have been coming here for over 10 years, so we decided to give their brunch a whirl.  Move over LeBus, because the brunch was great!  Options from pancakes, to French toast, omelets, and frittatas. And no freaking wait!  
I got the egg white frittata with spinach and goat cheese, and my friend got a specialty omelet.  It came with wheat toast and home fries.  Great food!
The service was excellent, the server was polite, and he kept our beverages filled.  Give this place a shot for brunch, and if not, you have to go for dinner!  The Italian food is amazing!Do not go here. Purchased coupon through restaurant.com and went here on the same day (obviously the only reason to go here). They refused to honor it. Stuck with an overpriced bill, greasy pasta, and stale bread. BooooI have been here previously, and had a great experience.  My latest experience was a huge dissappoint.  While the food was excellent, the service was anything but. After putting in our appetizer and dinner order, we received our appetizer and dinner at the same time.  When we told the waitress that we were upset we received both at the same time, and expected to receive our food after the appetizer, she chose to not apologize, but explain how this was not her fault, and she did was she was suppose too when she put the order in and if we were unhappy about it, she would take out dinners to back, throw them out, and have new ones made and that she would get the manager to come see us.  We asked to not waste the food, but she stormed off the with dinners.  We sat there without drinks, an empty bread basket, waiting for a manager who never came.  When she finally came back, and we asked for drinks, she says "do not blame me for not having drinks,  this is not my fault becuase i did not take your order"  Well if you ask me, there is a problem with the fact that you did not take our drink order.  She put the drinks back, and proceed to slam the beer bottle and glass onto the table.  Still never apologizing for anything.  Our dinner, which was excellent, but we never saw a manager.  We were told the manager was too busy, instead a hostes stopped by to ask how our food was.  Needless to say, it was a very disappointing and upsetting experience.  So if you are looking for great food with horrible service, then I would recommend this place.Three fellow cyclists and I stopped at Bella Trattoria in Manayunk on our way back from a long bike ride from Philly to Valley Forge and back.  This place was ideal because it was located right on Main Street and didn't require any detour off our course, and it has outdoor, shaded seating.  No way were we going inside a restaurant after our long bike ride in the heat on July 4th!
Our waitress was with us right away, seeing we were cyclists, offered us very large waters off the bat, and also left us a pitcher of water, which we emptied and she refilled throughout the meal.  I was a little disappointed in the lack of vegetarian options on the menu, aside from salad, but eventually settled on a frittata on focaccia.  I got to chose my own ingredients for the frittata, and chose spinach, tomato, and feta.  A few minutes later the waitress returned and regretfully informed me they were out of feta.  No worries, I'd have American.  Minutes later I was informed my only choices were mozzarella and goat cheese.  I was in a good mood (endorphins from the bike ride, perhaps), and didn't mind the mozzarella, even though it was my 3rd choice.
We received a bread basket before our meals, which we devoured.  Our meals arrived in the expected amount of time. My sandwich was really good - the egg cooked to just the right consistency, and vegetables fresh.  It was served with a very small hand full of french fries.  I would have preferred a few more, but the sandwich itself was so filling, it all turned out OK.  
Over all, I thought this place was pretty decent.  I'd come here again if in the area, but not necessarily go out of my way for it.Although there were only a handful of customers our food took quite a while to come out.  It is obviously normal for this restaurant as I read a few reviews that said the same thing.  I wonder what they do when they are actually busy. 
A woman who looked to either be the manager or owner was hanging around while we were eating, at times at the bar.  She was clearly acting as the bartender.  She was absolutely no help to the waitresses and at one point was sitting outside with a customer when she should have been making our cocktails that we ordered when we finished dinner.  After over 5 minutes for waiting for our cocktails we told our waitress to cancel them.  
The food was great.  My boyfriend's risotto was the best he has had.  That being said, I was so annoyed by the service here.  The owner/manager is clearly a problem.  I am willing to try again and next I will complain in person.  The need to get their act together.This is one of the best Italian Restaurants that I have ever eaten in.  The food was flavorful and hot.  The atmosphere was superb and even though they were crowded the waiter made us feel like we were the most important people in the room.
The seafood rissotto is absolutely delicious and the seafood was fresh and not over cooked.  This place is great for dates as well as groups.  There was a family of about 30 relatives there and the restaurant took care of them without letting the other customers suffer.
This has to be one of the best places that I have ever been to in Manayunk.I bought a Living Social $40 coupon for $20 for Bella knowing that it had good reviews on Yelp.  I ended up going on a Tuesday night so I was a little weary that I was not getting the A-Team, but the staff did a good job.
I ordered a bottle of Pinot off the menu that was quickly substituted for another bottle.  It was decent wine so I was no complaining. I also ordered the Calamari appetizer. I was disappointed as it looked out of the box.  There were only rings, so that is a dead giveaway that it was not high quality.  Also lacked a distinctive taste.
For dinner I ordered the Risotto Pescatore, which was great! It was full of flavor and packed with seafood. I would highly recommend ordering this dish!  My date ordered the Linguine Mariano, which was average. The sauce did not stand out and there was a ton of pasta to only a small amount of seafood.
Overall, we had a good dinner here. I would not tell people to avoid the restaurant, but I would not recommend it either.  A good value for the quality.I stop in here for a drink from time to time. The staff is always awesome. It's quiet on Monday nights (perfect for a quick drink)  but it gets busy on the weekends! Be prepared!Been here a few times. The food isn't terrible but is just shy of being good. Maybe I am too much of a food snob for this place. But worth a try if you are curious.GREAT date place! First of all I love this neighborhood, the most eclectic group of bars and restaurants. You have an adorable upscale poshy place right next door to a cash only "cheersy" bar. 
Fantastic staff, our waitress was really comfortable and talkative (in a good way). I was visiting from out of town so she gave us the rundown of the good, the bad and the ugly. Fairly expensive place but the food is fantastic....I recommend the lobster ravioli with a bottle of Pinot. Great happy hour specials from what I read and they have a great outdoor patio.waited entirely toooo long for our food to arrive, and it was only ok.decent place for manayunk. food wasn't bad but the food took AN HOUR to arrive. it was fortunate that we weren't starving and were in a good mood, would have left otherwise.I never would have gone to anything on Main Street voluntarily but I came here for a special occasion and had no say. First I have to point out this was a big party of 16 with an expected turn out of 18 and it was a reservation. The tables were not put together right and we had one waiter, obviously not planned and this guy should have had assistance. 
Furthermore the restaurant was HOT. I caught a glimpse of the thermostat at 78º! Way too hot for a restaurant and our whole party was sweating even with the windows wide open. The service was ok but would have been much smoother for everyone if they had two servers. The food took nearly two hours and the waiter took orders in an odd way. I ordered a personal pizza that was supposed to have broccoli rabe and instead had regular broccoli which was just ridiculous. A woman in our party also tried ordering drinks and twice had to change her choice because they were out of things which she felt was odd on a Saturday night that they would not be stocked. 
Tying it all together is the bathrooms, your knees are in full contact with the door. Overall, this place needs to get it together to say the least.Every time I meet my friend in Manyunk it gives us time to anticipate lunch here.
I used to loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee their rolls.  You get a plate full.
This time something was off about them.  They were just twisted in circles now instead of knots.  Hey it's all in the appeal.  And before the garlic was smothered on without being offensive.  What garlic got expensive? 
I was disappointed.  Pout.
But I had the arugula salad with goat cheese.  Very good.  But I wish I had ordered my regular standby.
The lobster ravioli in pink sauce.  My friend had a pasta dish -the name escapes me.   But it looked very appealing, but next time it's the ravioli for me.
The atmosphere was low key as this was noon time.  A few more customers entered after us and you can tell that when full this place would be deafening.  But some people like that.
I will try eating here again, but I think I might branch out to some of the other restaurants along the main strip.
Another plus for this place is Benjamin Lovell is directly across the street.Came here after SJU graduation to celebrate my sister  moving onto adulthood. It was packed. We were a party of 6. We made reservations and were seated on time. Our food took 90 minutes to come out!! The waitress apologized a few times. Thankfully the food was tasty, portions were OK, food was hot. I would definitely come here again, but probably not with a large party. It was a little ridiculous.Good food better experience if it's nice out and you can grab seats outside. 
Eat a ton of the garlic knots. They are amazing. 
Pasta fagiolo soup is very good too.This place was just ok. Started off with pasta fagiolo which was hot and tasty.  My entree was the gnocchi with marinara. The marinara gravy was ok, but the gnocchi tastes rather tough....and the server told me that the gnocchi is the only pasta item made fresh on the premises.  I ate solo at the bar since I was on a business trip.  
Bottom line- Just barely average.Growing up eating family style Italian food, I must give fair warning that I can be critical of Italian restaurants. But Bella Trattoria delivers! I've dined here twice and it will continue to be a top contender when it comes to Italian dining in Manayunk. The fried calamari is delicious. It's fried right on point and it has a kick of spice that I adore. I've had the gnocci in a parmasean marinara sauce - my favorite, and I could have it every time. I recently tried the chicken marsala and that was also very good. The staff has been friendly on both my visits, very engaging and let us know of their specials. We were only able to have dessert on one occassion, as an appetizer, meal and the great bread served was filling enough. We had the chocolate peanut butter pie and whether it was store bought or made in house, it was gooood.Decor is outdated and the food came out cold. Not only was it cold, but it was just average. There are better Italian restaurants in Manayunk by far. We likely won't be returning.This restaurant serves very average Italian food. The wine by the glass is overpriced at $9 per glass for basic jug wine. The decor of the dining room is drab and charmless.  
I would say, on a positive note, that the salads were good and fresh.  We had the caesar salad and the endive salad (a mix of arugula, endive and raddichio with shaved parmesan cheese).  The complimentary garlic rolls were also good.
On to the pastas- we ordered lasagne and penne in vodka sauce. Both were huge portions. I would say the lasagne was decent, though nothing special.  The penne was served in a very heavy, salty blush sauce that tasted more than anything like Campbells creamy tomato soup.  It was served with with peas and prosciutto - the peas tasted canned to me, and what was described as prosciutto was dry and flavorless. 
Overall our bill for two including 2 glass of wine each was $80 before tip, a high price tag for a mediocre meal.  There is much better food to be had on Main St in Manayunk, and we will not be returning anytime soon.Worst service ever, party of 13, waiting 2.5 hours.... Still no food...still sitting here....hungry.
Never come here!
They were not even apologetic :(I used to love coming here when I went to college at PhilaU,  and had remembered the food being excellent, but now it only seems satisfactory.  Perhaps my palette became spoiled after eating at so many authentic Italian restaurants. I was also disappointed that our waitress neglected to tell us the specials,I am always a sucker for specials and when I miss them, i feel like I missed out on something. With that being said, the good parts were that the portions were huge and the atmosphere warm and inviting. 
Ordered the :
Farfalle Bianco :This was bowtie pasta, chicken, mushrooms, and onions in a butter wine sauce. The pasta was a little over cooked, and the sauce was soupy. However, the over all taste of the sauce was delicious. It had the earthy tones of mushrooms mixed in with the butter. The chicken was stringy and way too over cooked. 
Risotto Pescatora: This was made with clams, mussels, squid, shrimp, scallops, capers, parsley, tomatoes, and saffron arborio rice. All of the seafood was a little over cooked and bordering almost tough. The risotto, however was thick, and creamy. The sauce was delicious, not too sweet, and with chunks of smooth tomatoes.
I might come back sometime, but maybe not in the near future.
check out my pictures and more on my food blog! website is on my profile! :)This place is always solid. You can always get a good meal and it is a pretty good date spot, place to take your rents, or just to go out with friends. The outdoor seating is really nice in the spring.
The staff is good and the service is quick. They can be a little forgetful though (need to ask for silverware, bread etc). Speaking of bread - it is pretty good. They serve garlic knots as well. The salads are great. They make a really good caprese salad and the mediterranean is a favorite (it has artichokes which are great!).
Entrees - the chicken with prosciutto and mozzarella is great. I also liek the chicken florentine (with shrimp). The salmon is a safe choice as well.
They make great pastas that are large portions. They are all pretty good although I didn't love their whole wheat pasta.
I have never had the pizza but saw others eating it and it looked/smelled great!It's sad how far I have to drive to get decent Italian food...this passes muster in a pinch. Family likes to come here because they have a large menu and reasonable prices (when you compare with what else is on Main Street). Portions are large, and I really like their meats and pastas. Some favorites include pollo arcobaleno or gnocchi, and fried calamari to start. 
The location is near to some bars but still far enough down the strip of Main Street to find parking on a typical day. If you can't, it's only a block away from the cheapest paid parking lot (right next to the frozen yogurt/hot dog vendor place, over a bridge on the other side of the canal). It's also a large enough interior that there's not usually much of a wait, but then, my family eats at early-bird times so maybe it's packed on weekends or late nights. In nice weather, they open the front windows and seat some people outside. While it's not amazing food or service, I regularly come here, know what to expect, and get just that.If you're looking for an authentic Italian feel, a cuisine that brings you back "home" and commendable kitchen staff, BellaTrattoria comes to mind.  Lots of seats and interior space ( I assume it was that way because it was off-season at the time we went).  There was additional seating outside, but it was too cold then (early spring) The service was prompt, courteous and quick, but we did have to ask for bread.....more below.  
All in all, a great place to dine, invite friends, socialize and have a great time.   Oh, the Beef Carpaccio Arugula salad was a hit for me.  That has definitely kept BT in my mind.  It was awesome!  My spouse had the Rissoto and Spinach and that was superb as well, just a hint of that flame/char goodness in the cooking process to bring out that rustic "home" cuisine.  Hats off to the chef-  
I only gave it 3 stars because we were the only ones there mid day, and the waitress was quite forgetful.  She forgot to make sure we had bread, water, or something else to drink.  Oh, and she forgot twice.My fiance and I were walking down Main Street with some friends last week and stumbled upon this place.  No wait - not bad in Manayunk at 8pm - and we were able to get a table for 4 in the window.  We loved that the windows opened onto the street, allowing us to get a bit of a breeze (and to people-watch!).   The waiter was fantastic, allowing us just the right amount of time to decide on our dishes.  We split a pizza, and our friends split another. The pizza was good but not great, VERY reasonably  priced, though, and perfect on a warm evening.  Again, the service was fantastic, and I should mention that the bread they brought as an appetizer was delicious.  We enjoyed the ambience, so decided to stay for dessert.  The carrot cake came highly recommended by the waiter, but we thought it tasted a little freezer-burned.
All-in-all, a wonderful evening; good food for a good price, nice atmosphere, and the staff were wonderful.  A great place to come on a casual night out.My experience here was terrible beginning at the phone call for a reservation.
My wife had called on a Saturday morning to make dinner reservations for dinner that night.  They mentioned that they can only take reservations starting at 9 PM because they had a large graduation party.  Fine... I understand.  We accepted the 9 PM slot.  Excited!  Figuring we've been to plenty of busy restaurants, the crowd wouldn't matter to us. 
8:30 PM rolls around, we leave to go to the restaurant.  We step foot in the door at 8:55 PM.  "Hi, we have a reservation for 9 PM."  The hostess gives us some crazy long explanation about how we basically had no choice but to sit outside and that our table would be ready in about 10 mins.  I wasn't expecting that explanation, but whatever.  It's a nice night so I didn't care.  I'm still excited and hungry.
We get seated 15 minutes later and wait about 5 minutes for our waitress.  We get bread and our drinks ordered and delivered.  We place our order, all within about 15 minutes.  Then, I started noticing that all tables around ours did not have food and things seemed a bit odd.  We were planning on having to wait long anyway because of the crowd.  Fine...
1 hour in, we still don't have our food.  Two tables INSIDE (sitting next to us) were seated, appetizers, meal, dessert, and PAID all in the time it took to even get our main meal delivered.  At this point, my wife and I are extremely angry.
My wife gets up to ask what the hostess what the deal was.  She said she'd get our waitress for us.  We wait 10 more minutes for that to happen.
Our waitress comes over and apologizes and asks if we want anymore drinks.  We responded with an immediate no, figuring they would take 20 minutes to get.  Then she adds... "on the house?".  We say "if it's on the house, then sure!  Thank you!".
What happens??  15 more minutes go by and NO DRINKS.  She comes out and tells 3 tables around us that we would all have our meals in 5-8 minutes. (Whatttt???).  All the tables were staggered about 10 minutes apart... ours being almost 30 minutes after the "5-8 minute" promise(?).
At this point, we should have walked out a WHILE ago.
Suddenly, our food arrives. At last!  Oh wait.... "So I think the kitchen messed up.  You ordered this?"  My response?  "Um no".  My wife's response?  "I think we're just going to go."  Waitress's response?  "Are you sure?  I am so sorry."
We got up, walked away from our table, and that was it.  We drove down the road, my wife got 4 slices of hot pizza from a pizza joint at 11 PM(!!!!!!), got back in the car, and sped away... ALL IN 5 MINUTES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NEVER GO HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Period.  Awful. Stay away!I will not return to Bella.  The server added an 18% gratuity without saying anything, and then proceed to process the additional 18% tip that we left her on the bill.  Not cool at all.Bella Trattoria has decent food for a decent price.  The atmosphere is pleasant as well.  It's not the best Italian restaurant in Manayunk, but it's good and does take credit card, which is a plus!  The full-size bar is a nice touch as well.  I haven't eaten here in about a year, because I've fallen in love with Il Tartufo's homemade pasta, but the last time I did, the gnocchi was not up to par.  It honestly tasted like the frozen gnocchi I used to buy from the grocery store.  The sauce was good, as were the garlic knots.  I've had the crabcake and enjoyed it, as well as salad, which was good.  The seafood pasta dishes look delicious and filling, although I've never tried them.  I'd eat here if a group of friends or co-workers wanted to go, but if it was my choice, I'd always pick Il Tartufo over Bella Trattoria due to the fresh pasta and delicious food every single time.I enjoyed a pizza a few years back at Bella Trattoria, but maybe I should have just left that favorable memory alone. I suggested this spot for a business lunch recently and my experience did not live up to my expectations. 
I arrived around 12:15 to a fairly empty restaurant and a totally empty bar. I checked in with the hostess and mentioned I was meeting someone. I named my business associate and asked if she was there yet, and when I was told that she wasn't I had a seat alone at the bar. I was served a glass of water without asking for it, which I thought was pretty nice. Although once two table settings were placed in front of me, I had to mention that I had a reservation and was meeting a guest in the dining room. Time ticked on and I was able to review the menu and ask a question about the two dishes I was debating between (the Orecchiette and the Raviolli all Aragosta). I did appreciate the thorough response I received, however I was still sitting at the bar by myself. After about 15 minutes I finally got up and walked towards the main dining room. Low and behold, there was the rest of my party! How the staff didn't put two and two together was absolutely beyond me. 
The service didn't get much better. It had been a while since I've seen my dining companion so we had lots of catching up to do. While we should have probably stopped to review the menu and make our selections sooner, we got wrapped up in talk. It happens. Our server stopped back several times at first and then disappeared, even after we had our menus open for a while and then closed them. The restaurant was still empty so I feel that cue should have been picked up on pretty easily. In any case, when she finally came back to take our order she made a snarky comment by saying "do you need another minute?" At the end of our meal she basically dropped off the check, picked it up and mumbled a thank you. We weren't rude to her when we weren't ready so I don't understand the reasons for that behavior.
The food itself was fine. I went with a cup of the pasta e fagoli which was pretty good. It was creamy and filled with cannelloni beans- the way I like it. I particularly enjoyed the prosciutto which I don't always see in a pasta e fagoli. One additional service note was that we were offered cheese for our soup. However, come meal time there was no cheese and pepper in sight. Not a huge deal but it was worth noting.
For my main I went with the Orecchiette, upon the recommendation that it was the lighter of the two. The dish was made up of sauteed shrimp, asparagus, sun dried tomatoes and a garlic white wine. There were four medium sized shrimp which were tastily prepared. The asparagus and sun dried tomatoes were cut into tiny pieces and soaking up the flavor of the sauce. The sauce was pretty enjoyable, as it was light but slightly creamy and full of flavor. The dish was pretty huge. I ended up leaving some pasta as the pasta to other ingredient ratio wasn't balanced. I understand the reason for not an abundance of shrimp but a little more veggies would have been nice. No complaints with the quality of the food overall though. 
You blew it, Bella Trattoria. I'll probably look to go elsewhere next time I want to go for Italian in the Manayunk area.Went here with my parents. Food was great and service was normal. Nothing really stood out about it which is why I gave 3 stars. Great for a date with someone. Not sure if I would go back, but not because of the food...just kind of average.Garlic knots were great and not overwhelmingly garlic-y. (aka no heartburn afterwards.) I ordered the lobster ravioli (Ravioli All'Aragosta). I enjoyed that it was made with squid ink pasta but might have been just slightly undercooked. Also, while the sauce it was presented it was delicious, the red pepper overpowered the flavor of the lobster, so it was completely indistinguishable; I might as well have been eating cheese ravioli. That was the biggest disappointment. You're spending $21 to taste lobster, not peppered sauce. The decor was nice, very spacious to accommodate large groups for typical Italian "family style" meals, but I thought the track lighting was a bit tacky. (Also took almost half an hour for our food to come out - we suspect the waitress forgot to put our order in.)While this place wasn't great, it also wasn't terrible. Decent but lackluster, if you will. Our waitress was fantastic and she brought out our waters and the bread very quickly while we decided on a wine. The olive oil on the table (for the bread) was pretty flavorless; definitely not extra virgin but the garlic rolls were warm and delicious. The other bread was a lot more bland, even after sopping up olive oil. We chose a Montepulciano, one of three on the menu. The wine selection had about three of each kind (sangiovese, pinot noir, shiraz, etc.).
The atmosphere was a lot more casual than I was expecting from reading the other reviews. We were the only ones not in jeans, and the menus were in plastic, but maybe the lack of date vibe was due to it being a Tuesday. They seated everybody in the same area, nearish to  the window. I would have preferred to be more spread out, to lower the volume and accidental conversation eavesdropping. I ordered the Tortellini Colorati, which is ricotta-stuffed tortellini in a cream sauce with prosciutto, peas, and shitake mushrooms. I was craving a dish with cream sauce, and it satisfied the need. The peas were undercooked and their was no taste in ricotta within the tortellini. I like my tortellini to be bursting with cheese, so this was a letdown. I did not try my friend's spaghetti and meatballs, but apparently the meatballs were "passable". Our total tab before tip was right around $60, which includes the $30 bottle of wine. Not too bad.
My hunt for a favorite Italian restaurant in this state shall continue. I will add that my dish made excellent lunch leftovers the next day.While most  of Manayunk's store fronts and restaurants are constantly changing Bella Trattoria has been steadily churning out  quality Italian food for the past decade and a half.   This place is so good and authentic that my husband and I brought his mother here who is 100% and knows everything there is to know about Italian food.
 The antipasto plate is a REAL antipasto plate (not just a few slices of meat and cheeses on top of a bed salad) we are talking olives, wedges of cheese, home made roasted red peppers, and of course authentic Italian cold cuts.  Every dish I have had has been prepared exceptionally well and the portions are huge!  The Penne Rose is my favorite with its little bits of prosciutto, peas, and onions drenched in a delicious pink vodka sauce...oh pasta heaven! 
A few other pros: Low key atmosphere, pleasant and efficient waitstaff, out door dining
Con: A bigger wine menu......with more variety.
All in all Bella Trattoria is doing a fine job!  A great place to visit before hitting the bars or the stores.The food at this place is def 5 stars.  However, the service is 0 stars.  I arrived at my reservation time and sat on the bench for 15 minutes until the hostess finally came over to greet me.  At that time she said she will seat me and my husband shortly.  We waited another 15 minutes until we were seated right next to the hostess station.  While waiting for our waitress to come by which took a very long time, we watched the hostess drinking at the bar.  Our waitress was ok, but was waiting on tables in 2 separate rooms and was obviously overbooked.  We waited a long time for our order to be taken, plates to be cleared, etc.  At the end of our dinner , our waitress disappeared and after 15 min of waiting for our check another waiter came to our table and asked if our order needed to be taken.  Ugh What ?!  To which we replied no, we just need our check please.  This took an additional 15 minutes for our waitress to come back and give our check.  So to sum it up food was great and service was terrible.  Will not be going back bc there are plenty of places in the area with great food.I've been here twice on dates and it is THE PLACE to take a girl for italian food in manayunk. The food is AMAZING. Plus, outside seating in summer is nice (though, every place on main street has this). I got a seafood/pasta medley that was delicious (too much to eat! even for me!) A little pricey, but totally worth it!Average quality food at a high price.
This was my first dining experience in Manayunk and it didn't leave me with a good impression.  My friend and I stopped here for dinner after strolling up Main Street.  We were both hungry and thought some hearty Italian food would fill us up.
The crowd consisted mostly of families (there were young children running around) and it didn't seem like they invested much in the decor of the place, but I'm willing to forgive a bland atmosphere for good food.
Sadly the food was on par with the atmosphere.  I ordered veal medallions, which were topped with prosciutto and fontina cheese and served in a marsala sauce with broccoli (heavy on the stalks) and roasted potatoes.  The food was lukewarm and the cheese overpowered the near flavorless veal.  I didn't finish the meat, and it wasn't because I was full.
My friend ordered chicken breast topped with shrimp, asparagus and tomatoes in white wine sauce.  Her meal had more balanced flavor than mine, but wasn't anything memorable.
We were both a bit surprised that neither meal came with pasta.  It might just be an oversight on our part, but we thought pasta was a given with most entrees in an Italian restaurant.
We also ordered wine and dessert.  The wine - a riesling - was overly sweet and probably should have been listed as a dessert wine.  My creme brulee cheese cake gets a thumbs up.  
As for the service, our waiter was pleasant, but disappeared once the entrees arrived.  There was a long lag between entrees and dessert, and my water glass was never refilled.
My friend and I ended up paying $42 each (before tip).  Considering Philly has so many great restaurants in this price range, it's particularly annoying when I pay so much for a mediocre meal.This place is not what I thought it would be by the look of it!!! I ordered a caprese salad and they were out of tomatoes however the waitress never told us until our food came out and the salad was supposed to be our appetizer which I was looking forward to since I order it at every italian restaurant I eat at ... The tomato pie was NOT A tomato pie... It should be called a cheese pizza not "tomatoey" at all!!!! And it was soggy and gross!! I didn't eat it! The sauce on the pasta tasted like jar tomato sauce and I was not happy at all... The soup needed more flavor salt or something ... The waitress was sweet but seemed a little bit over whelmed and possibly needed some help.. Won't go back here!!Great Italian on main street.  Tomato pie w/ a glass of chianti out on the sidewalk on a warm sunny day is one of my favorite ways to spend the afternoon.I went here on a first date not too long ago. It's a pretty casual place but still has some romantic flair to it. It can be very loud at times though so don't think you're getting a nice quiet evening here.
Ordered a bottle of wine which wasn't too expensive and we each ordered an entree. I had the gnocchi in marinara sauce and my date got the lasagna..both were very large portions. The waitress was awesome and she was right on top of things even though the place was packed. Also we were in no way rushed to finish our meal so that they could seat another customer.So we went to Bella based on a recommendation from a local who had a friend that works there.  We went on a Saturday at noon while we were in town.
I ordered just the simple Bella Burger, medium, and it came with fries.  My girlfriend got the salmon with a side of broccoli.
My burger was cooked right, but it was just very average.  There was absolutely nothing that stood out about it.  The fries were also average.  They had no seasoning at all, so I just salted them a little and made use of the ketchup.
Apparently though, my girlfriend loved her broccoli and salmon.  It did look pretty good, but I didn't have a bite.  She said the broccoli was soft and buttery, which is the way she likes it, but certainly not how some would prefer to eat it.
Our server was kind of creepy though.  He took really good care of us, but he tended to hover and didn't seem to know what to say at times.  Almost very encounter we had either started or ended awkwardly, or was just completely awkward as a whole.
The seating was really nice though.  The whole side of the restaurant near the road was opened, and we were able to sit right next to the sidewalk on a beautiful day with a nice breeze.
The other bright spot was the (or what appeared to be) the owner.  He was really friendly and outgoing, and was obviously in a good mood.  I like to see that.
Overall though, I don't think I'd go back.  The food is the most important part, and it just wasn't memorable.Yum, the risotto I got from here last weekend was AMAZING - seafood risotto at its best!  We went for Sunday lunch, and though the next door Le Bus was busy, I felt the choice of my friends was solid.  The food was all delicious, and the desserts were great!  
Bella has a wonderful ambiance, and it is spacious with a good sized bar you walk by as you enter.  The service was good and I met Tony the manager who stopped by our table to see how the meal was.  All in all it was a great experience and I will be there again!