Anyone who has called this place a hidden gem is 110% right.
I don't drink but I certainly eat! Their grilled cheese may have been the very very best one I've ever eaten!! I also had the olive assortment and it was delicious!
I highly recommend it to everyone!!My favorite place to go to dinner in the entire city. Must be experienced to be believed. Can be a bit intimidating at first, but the staff is patient and accommodating. Wine selection is great.  Euphoria Gouda needs to be experienced by EVERYONE!Basement bar, sister to eulogy. Not anything to look at, but amazing pages long beer options, with tons of info on each, and fondue and chocolate tastings! CHOCOLATE AND BEER YES!!!how i ended up at the only bar in philly without a beer week event is beyond me... oh well, we went.  i have to say, i looove belgian beers so was really happy when my friend suggested we check this place out tonight. i was also intrigued by the menu.  i've never eaten fondue so i don't have much to compare it to but i felt underwhelmed by my cheesy pot and pile of bread and sausage.  the bread was chewy (is it supposed to be for fondue)?  my friend had the meatball app -- he felt they were too salty.  i had a cup of soup too.  we spent more than i would think for 4 beers, a fondue plate and 2 apps.  hum, maybe just stick to beers here next time?I give it four stars with the assumption that it is not a restaurant but a bar with a tasting menu. That concept is pretty unique in Philly and fairly well executed. They have a very good selection of beer, with a decent selection of chocolate and cheeses, though I would more options without cow's milk. It seems like a nice place to hang out for a few drinks with friends and to socialize. I would not eat a dinner there unless in a pinch, but that's mainly because there are so many other options in the area and because the dining room is small.What a gem of a place.  It's a super chill environment amidst the frou frou lounges and restaurants of olde city.  The staff is fun, knowledgeable, and professional.  The music was outstanding and the food/drinks are fantastic.  To perfect your visit, finish with a sweet dark chocolate and a Premium Framboise.  Yum!I have been here a few times and have highly enjoyed this beer/wine/cheese/chocolate tasting room experience every time! It's a small place that always has great music playing in the background with low lighting- great date place. Probably one of the best beer selections in the city- there are washers at every table for endless beer flight choices & the cheese plates are ALWAYS phenomenally paired with your beverages. I am giving it 4 stars because whenever I want to get my favorites, they seem to be out- which gets frustrating when they have every other beer in the world.This is a nice quiet place to sit with some friends and sip on some beer or wine from their incredible selection but DO NOT and I repeat DO NOT come here to eat.   We came here on a Saturday evening and it was pretty crowded but we had reservations so we sat and I already had a bad feeling of what was to come.  The table was dirty, the menu was worn and tattered and we were seated in a booth that was FREEZING right by the window.  
Food:
Beer and Cheese Fondue - Small plate of bread that is not enough for the cheese and fresh veggies will cost you $6.00 extra.  It was not terrible taste wise but I like presentation and this failed that category miserably.  
Chocolate Tasting Menu - I expected some exotic looking chocolate truffles but instead we were given what looked like baking chocolate pellets.  It was cheap for the amount you get but again presentation was pathetic.  
Oh and I almost forgot to mention the putrid smell that enveloped this entire bar. It was a terrible combo of bleach and puke?  It was bad.  
I will probably not be coming back here but I will say again that their only saving grace was their drink list.  
Disappointed :(This is not really a place to eat or even drink really.
It is a great place to taste beer, cheese and chocolate (and I assume wine though since I don't drink it, I won't vouch for it).I was really looking forward to checking this place out...after all, Beneluxx  is all about the beer, wine, cheese and chocolate! But sadly it wasn't the mini-Euro escape I was longing for. The selections were good, but I guess I chose the wrong things from the menu because I left feeling totally underwhelmed, except for the cost of the meal (over $70 for food & drinks for 2 women who didn't order a lot is pretty pricey). 
The creamy brie we ordered was deemed to taste "too much like a sweaty foot" by my friend, and the salad with cranberries & walnuts was 99% lettuce and 1% other goodies. But the biggest disappointment came with the cheddar cheese fondue (now referred to as "fonDON'T"). It arrived in a super tiny dish over a votive candle and was accompanied by chunks of bread and apples. When we asked if we could get some sticks to spear & dip with, we were told that they didn't have any (the waitress joked that she could "run down the street and get us some chopsticks." We wished she would have). We proceeded to burn ourselves with hot cheese and then scald our tongues with firery forks before we abandoned the experiment altogether.
As for the famous self-cleaning fountains on the tables, they were cool...until the guy sitting at the table next to me sprayed me when he was goofing around with the one on his table, drenching my tee shirt, scarf and hair. I was not amused!
Good beer selection (loved the framboise) and good service. Still love Eulogy, though!What do you get when you mix together: 1) a basement level bar 2) bad lighting 3) mellow, amicable bartenders 4) $3 piles of chocolate buttons 5) a buddha statue (?) 6) teeny tiny servings of fondue 7) entire animal collective albums on the stereo 8) ugly, temporary-looking signage 9) fancy cheese served with dry little slices of baguette and 10) a high-tech looking wall full of belgian beer taps?
You get Beneluxx, which would be the coolest bar in Scranton, PA (aside from Poor Richard's, of course) if in fact it were located in Scranton.  But Beneluxx is in Philly, and it's got a lot of competition...not only do we have a ton of Belgian bars here, but Tria does the wine/beer/snacks thing better too.  As another reviewer said, Beneluxx seems to be going for a high-minded tasting room sort of vibe, but the slapdash decor and general ambience doesn't match that at all.  Penthouse video poker with your ewephoria gouda and leffe brune, anyone?
Beneluxx *might* have the widest selection of Belgian drafts in the city, and they offer small pours of beer so you can basically taste a "flight" of beers. It's also a nice respite from the general craziness of Old City.  I appreciate this, so despite my snark, I'll probably be back.Went on a Saturday night because I heard it was a new bar from the people who started Eulogy.  The tap selection was impressive but the service was slow and not as knowledgeable when I would have expected and the place wasn't that busy.  The beer all tasted like sanitizer and the food was just fondu which was...well...fondu.  overall i would recommend sticking with eulogy.Requiescat in pace, Beneluxx.  I will miss you.  Apparently after the disaster of a water main break flooding the location, they were unable to bounce back due to the horrible sewer reconstruction that's going on right in front of their entrance.  I hope you guys are able to reopen somewhere soon!My experience at Beneluxx was terrible. We got a chocolate fondue and a cheese fondue. The chocolate was not very good, it tasted like generic chocolate, kind of like when at Easter you are hoping for something good like Cadbury's and you get Palmer's brand instead. I don't eat cheese fondue, but my accomplices said that the cheese was not good at all. None of the wine was very good. I had 1 white and 2 reds (i can't remember what they were because I went months ago). But what I do remember thinking about the wines (and this is after going to Vintage - which I love) is that it tasted like they bought any old $8 bottle of wine and slapped it on their menu. My experience at Vintage was that they had a variety of wines in a variable price range, but they made sure to select a bottle that tasted good for that price. I felt like Beneluxx was trying to pull the wool over people's eyes and hope that no one noticed that their wine is all very mediocre to bad.Beneluxx is my newest hangout for wine in the city.  You can order most things (wine, beer, cheese, chocolate, etc) in one ounce portions to try it out for about a third what a full order would cost.  
Booze wise:
The online wine menus are off - so don't go by them.  I'd list what I drank - but I probably tried about 8 different wines before settling on a Gamay and didn't write anything down - figuring I'd find out what I had online.  While I wasn't drinking beer - I noticed a strong artisan beer menu - which last night included Mad Elf.  Makes sense since they are supposedly related to Eulogy.
Food wise: 
We started with a cheese fondue - which was ok, but kind of scary looking. It comes in a monkey bowl hung over a candle and violently bubbling.  While efficient, I guess, not my favorite fondue presentation.  We got the veggies with it... I was expecting broccoli and the like but we got carrots and sweet peppers.  Didn't pair well with the cheese fondue at all.  May try a chocolate fondue if they have it next time - but that's it.
Cheese menu was great.  They sell by the ounce and average FAR less than what you'd pay for the same at Tria.  I did however try out the  Chatalain Camembert off their cheese menu. Extra points for having a pairing column listing wines and beers for each cheese right on the menu.  I thought that a nice touch.  
I also had the soup du joir - but don't remember what it was (blame the wine.)  I remember thinking it would have been better with beer than the red wine I was drinking.  
Mixed marinated olives was what you'd expect.  The Portobello Panini was fair to good.  ... and the Roman Mini Pizza was great - and totally caught me off guard.  I had one bite with an intent to share the other slices with my friends and immediately changed my mind.  The food had good fresh ingredients and was all well paired - flavor wise... but may be a considered greasy for those who consider that a bad thing.
So far as service - our waitress was great.  We showed up around 6:30 on a Friday, though, and were the only three people eating in the restaurant for about an hour and a half.  I can see where it would be hard to keep up with serving a crowd in the place... so I'm not sure if I'd stay if I saw a lot of people waiting around.
Atmosphere - meh... it was ok.  One of the people I was with was kind of put off by the "wine bar that used to be a pizza delivery joint" look to the tiles and the buddah statue on the bar - but I kind of dug the look.  The glass washers on the tables were interesting - so you could wash your glass between tastings... but I wouldn't have preferred if they had just brought me the ounce shot in a fresh glass every time.  It stayed queit enough for conversation even when it filled up - and that earned enough points for me to forget the buddah statue and just enjoy the time.
Overall - this is not a place to eat a meal.  It's not a place to drink.  It's a place to go and enjoy a variety of different things.  If that's what you're looking for - I highly recommend it.  If not, I think you'd be unfairly disappointed.I've been here twice on a Friday night and I've enjoyed myself both times. They have a large selection of fine beers and wines, and their servers know what they're talking about if you're looking for a good recommendation. The food is also great, though I don't think I'd ever go here for a full-out meal since the focus is more on the drinks than the dishes. I've had the fondue, which is a plentiful snack to share as a group, the lasagna, their warm mushroom salad, and their white pizza.
Another bonus about Beneluxx is their basement level entrance. This part of town can sometimes get hyper touristy, but their out-of-the way location keeps their cliental decidedly local. 
I'd be giving it five stars but for two things. I've tried to go before and it's just been too crowded to even get near the bar. Additionally, on one of those nights it also smelled horrific. I would describe it as a pervasive bathroom smell. Not a nice note on which to end a positive review. I'll just follow that up by saying I've been back, and the smell was gone.Beneluxx is never crowded and I'm not sure why (though I'm certainly not complaining). It's kind of hard to spot and kind of weird for first timers since there aren't many basement level places around. It's usually a pretty mellow place to grab a drink. The beer list is lots of fun and the wine list, though shorter than I remember, has met with the approval of all my snobbiest pals. The food is good but kind of small and expensive, particularly the dessert fondue. 
Overall, this is one of my go-to spots for a low-key drink in the neighborhood.Basement fondue and Belgium beer on a brass bar. 
While you stroll down 3rd, you look right, you're not sure what it is. When you step underground, you feel like you just found an Old City secret. You know what makes it great? It is a secret.
Initially, this place feels like it should actually be the basement of Eulogy but after being in it, you realize its unique charm. I like the wall of taps, the brass bar, the dungeon feel - it's a great hangout. This is one of the few joints that I actually want to sit at the bar. 
The food is a simpler menu, I'd recommend a sandwich and fondue pot to share. It's the perfect amount of cheese... unless you're goal is high cholesterol. This speakeasy hosts a revolving array of great draft beers and the crowd is casual and friendly. 
Our bartenders are always great and attentive. 
At times, I daydream of eating a lamb shank and throwing down a tankard of dark ale in this dank underground tavern. And once I've had my fill of salted meats and foul spirits, I shall take up arms and join my Teutonic Knights! To battle! For Glory!Any place that serves a huge selection of wine, beer, cheese, AND chocolate is amazing in my book.  
Two things differentiate Beneluxx from Tria.  The first thing is: you can get a tasting sized glass of wine so you can try a ton of stuff there.  Ok that description sucked - I guess the closest thing I can think of to make it clearer is that it's kind of like a flight of beer but wine.  It's a lot of fun.  Each table has a glass washer on it to clear out your glass before a refill.  It's kind of fun.  The second thing that differentiates Beneluxx from Tria is: they serve CHOCOLATE.  
It's a great date place!  Very cozy, nice mood lighting.  I'm not sure when it gets really crowded but I went once during happy hour and it was almost empty.
Definitely a must for those on the beer and wine bar circuit.Having passed this place many times on (or under) the street I was blown away when I finally walked in and found the ultimate in intimate, European-vibed chillaxation. Copper-topped bar, esoteric old-world accoutrements, and more gourmet old-world beers and wines than you can sample in a lifetime. Throw in fondue of both the cheese and chocolate persuasions and everybody gets laid.
Pros
-Beers - they have small pours or big pours so you can try a bunch or just have a little or lot of one, and get your drink on however you like. We had the Unibroue nut brown which was delicious. 
-Vibe - there's a little Europe during the WWII resistance atmosphere, which is to say savvy, understated and strictly for those in the know.
-Fondue - mostly a novelty act, but it felt appropriate and even cool here in the basement of Beneluxx. Not huge portions of it either, which is a good thing IMO. 
Cons
-TV situation - you should come here anyway, and for reasons other than watching TV, but their TV (to the chagrin of our bartender) was stuck on whatever channel plays Friday Night Lights.  Lame, in a word, made doubly lame when at the same time the Phils are rallying from a 7-1 deficit to beat the hated Reds of Cincinnati to win 9-2 in the 10th and I miss it.Cozy downstairs old city bar. Great selection of beer for very reasonable prices. You can buy a sample size of most beers for around $2 to try them out. Friendly staff, happy to make suggestions.I give this place props for doing something different.  I have to say, I have really enjoyed this place both times I've been there.  Once I ate and drank; the other time I just drank.  Its a cozy place that caters to the "tasters" among us....and I think I tasted them all.  ;-)  If you are looking for a budget meal that fills a plate, this is not your place, but if you are looking to entertain yourself by nibbling on tasty morsels and sipping some beers you've never sipped before (and I do a lot of sipping)...then this place is lots of fun.  I really don't think the prices are bad, but then again I'm not expeting a plate-ful like Denny's either.  The wine and beer selections are quite good, and our server paid close attention to what I said I liked, and started bringing me other beers she thought I'd like based on what I already liked...  She was good.  So is the fondue...better than good.  For Old City (which I really don't love) this place is a great place to duck into and nosh on some tasties.Every time my GF and I decide to head out to dinner but can't figure out where to go we end up at Beneluxx.  Sure, we never end up remembering what specifically we "tasted", but everything's tasty, and the recommended beer/wine pairings always make them better.  Plus, the servers are always happy to bring you items one at a time, so you can try one cheese, take a second look at the menu, try another, get a new beer, then go for the fondue next, and then try a chocolate, etc.  It's just a friendly, fun place to eat.Beneluxx provides a nice change of pace from the usual Old City bar scene with a relatively quiet, low key, semi-underground space.  It seems to draw the heaviest crowds in the 8:30 to 10:30 window when it can be difficult to get a seat.  I have had better luck going earlier or later.  I have twice made reservations through OpenTable, and neither attempt resulted in the restaurant having a record of it.  Fortunately I was able to just walk in on both occasions.
They maintain a diverse selection of beers (mostly Belgian, of course) and wines, though the menu would benefit from more thorough descriptions.  I love that you can order a 2 oz portion of something to determine if it is to your taste.  This is also a great way to get to sample a wine that runs $20 per glass if that is out of your usual budget.  I have never experienced them being out of a wine that was listed, and only rarely have they been out of a beer.
The main food menu is small and simple with, honestly, only a few things that appeal to me.  I liked the idea of their chocolate selections, but have not been truly wowed by any of them and they are often served slightly too cool.  The cheese selection is usually fairly decent, but the breads and accompaniments are not that great.
I have received highly variably service regardless of whether the place has been packed or practically empty.  Sometimes it's great; sometimes not.  I never turn down an invitation to Beneluxx, and even suggest it myself when I am out and about in Old City.  However, I don't get the sort of yearnings for it that make me go out of my way for a special trip.Be careful. This place is posing as a first-rate beer and wine bar, but if it was ever that, it's now on its way downhill. Time after time, my husband and I gamely re-ordered after being told our first choices (of cheese, beer, wine...you name it) were not on hand - a sure sign management has stopped caring. The fourth item we ordered that they didn't have in was an Alsatian Rielsing. "Try our Aussie Riesling," the waiter said, which I did and decided I didn't care for it.  "Maybe I'll try one more sip and see if I begin enjoy it," I said. "You can try the whole glass," said the waiter "there's nothing I can do about it..." Best of luck getting that fifth star! This place has no business calling itself a tasting room. Whatever it used to be, it is now just another Olde City watering hole.This place would be included in a standard Philly date-night.  
Beneluxx would be where we would go after seeing a great film at one of the Ritz theaters - where we could sit and talk about the film, occasionally interjecting about the various tasty wines/cheeses/chocolates.  Once sufficiently tipsy and our taste-buds are fully satiated, the conversation can move on to the more creative realm, like free form jazz.  
This all might sound corny to some, but you know that when those nights happen the right way there is no denying the perfection, just like Beneluxx, itself.The boyfriend and I love this place, the only reason it gets 4 stars is because we always spend too much money there.  I'm no expert on cheeses and wine, but I could enjoy both all night long if I had the budget.  And I'd be lying if I said I didn't have fun using the glass washer in the table.Even after reading the reviews that said this place was hard to find, I almost missed it! Not the location, as they have installed a big flag visible from the street, but the actual front door itself. I walk down the stairs and see two doors - one on the left and one on the right, both locked. I look through the window and see a dimly lit empty bar. Assuming it is closed, I trudge back up the stairs and break the bad news to girly. "Did you try that door?" she asks, pointing to the one directly ahead. Apparently I had missed the most obvious door - the one straight ahead. This one was open and I felt like an idiot.
So in we go, it is still a dimly lit empty bar, but it is open. We sit at the bar and the bartender appears. We had already eaten, and were here for after-dinner cheese and wine. Bartender was attentive, knew his cheese and wine and offered half-glasses, which was cute. The cheeseboard was delicious. The small consisted of 4 cheeses, chef's choice, Valencay, Chimay, Pecorino and Roquefort. Extra toast was offered at no additional charge. We then ordered the chocolate fondue - that was good too.
Couple of dissapointments, although very minor - 
NFL on the tv didn't seem to fit the theme, and as the bar filled up, the only person who seemed to be watching was the bartender.
The lights were so low I had to get my iPhone out to read the menu - maybe that's just me though getting old.
For the chocolate fondue the accompaniments were apple, banana and a light cookie crisp. The apple was very tart and there was much more of it than the other two. Personally I would have loved a marshmallow or two, just me!
The wine list on their website is a lot more extensive than what was available on-site. I think in this day and age it is of the utmost importance to keep digital media up to date. There was a very nice Châteauneuf-du-Pape listed by the glass on their website which I would have loved to try.
Overall- very good, I would go back.My head nearly exploded when I looked at the beer and wine list at Beneluxx.  I was not prepared for such an amazing selection.  I happened to be in a wine mood though.  The bartender, who obviously knew his beer and his wine, was able to offer me some very helpful suggestions for picking a glass.  I enjoyed some chocolate sampling here as well.  Basically, if you like beer, wine, or chocolate, there is something for you here.  I am eager to go back and try the food.I'd love to rate this place higher.  Truly I would.
The concept is wonderful:  A broad on-tap beer selection, all of it available in "flights" for which you can use the fun glass-washing apparatus built into each table.  That plus cheese and chocolate fondues and a nifty below-street-level location should add up to 4 or 5 stars.
But Beneluxx has some "built-in" problems that, I fear, doom it to be the kind of place one goes to once or twice only.  Firstly, the Olde City location makes it simply too attractive to a higher-than-tolerable out-of-towner contingent.  Second, those cool glass-washing things in the tables require the tables to be fixed in place, so if you're in a group of more than 4 you're SOL.  Lastly, the prices are just too high:  Order a nice fondue with a couple of add-ons and you'll be unpleasantly surprised at the belly-fullness-to-check-total ratio when all is said and done.Delicious! Though the environent is dank the fondue rocks. The selection on the beer and wine is pretty big. Pretty fun for a date spotI read how one person called this place overpriced in their review, and I read how another said, "how can it be overpriced when nothing on the menu is over $10?"  Well, now I know.  The portion size is TERRIBLE!!!  I paid $9 for a mini pizza.  It was mini alright.  I could have gotten 3 or 4 slices at Lorenzo's, and it would have been tastier, not to mention WAY more food!  My bf got the Belgian dip sandwich.  It was very tasty, but just a sandwich...no sides or anything, and for $10..screw that.
We got the "featured cheese fondue" instead of the cheddar b/c I read how everyone hated the cheddar on yelp. I told the waiter about this, and he agreed that the cheddar fondue was terrible.  Well, the featured fondue that he promised was much better was brown.  Yes, brown.  At first I thought he accidentally brought us chocolate.  We also tried 2 cheeses, which were okay.  Ah yes, and all of the bread that came with everything was NOT fresh by any means.  
Also, there was 1 guy running the whole shebang.  He had a full bar and 3 tables.  Besides him, there was a cook and that's it.  
I stopped by here to pick up a gift card last month and it took FOREVER.  I was ignored for a long time.  The bartender was too busy flirting w some guys at the bar.  I asked for a $50 gift cert and she was like well, I have one for $250.  I was like HUH?? Uhh NO!  Then she was like well, I have one $25 gift cert left.  Ok, great.  They need more staff that are not teenage hipsters.
However, I did try a very strong, very good glass of wine.  Although awesome, it was $10!!!  The cheapest glass of wine you can get is almost $8.  The beer prices were average I guess, but let's just say next time I wanna drink wine or have dinner, it won't be here.I can not believe these reviews.
Honestly, I hate when a person writes a review just to complain, but last week my husband and I had one of the most disappointing times ever at the Beneluxx Tasting Room--- actually, is it no longer a "tasting room"?
To begin, we had been to the place twice before and had been very happy with both the food and the wine/beer selections. Like many of the other reviewers, fondue and good beer are a combination that I'm all for. On our previous visits the food was fresh, of good quality and the portions good. The beer selection, while limited in draft, was accompanied by a standard descriptive write up including characteristics, pour size and ABV. Tasting flights were once available for both wines and beer.
No longer.  We ordered: Milk Stout, Margherita Pizza, a Sandwich, Pretzel Bites as an appetizer, a glass of Malbec and a Delirium Tremens.
Firstly, there is no beer guide for the drafts, so its up to your waitress to answer questions about pour size or abv. If you can get her attention.
Second, the pretzel bites were out of the box Superpretzel from any grocery store. They had been baked with some butter and accompanied by a cheap flavorless grain mustard. 
Our food arrived. I had the pizza, he the sandwich. I leaned across the table to ask "is this a pita bread pizza?"-- I don't think it was but it was one tiny step away from it. The sauce was watery and flavorless, the cheese was not appropriate for that style of pizza. In the past we recalled the pizza being tasty, on a square crisp crust. This was $8 and could have been assembled at any corner dive bar.
The sandwich--- tiny. And accompanied by: 6 (we counted) itty bitty potato chips and three of those little mini cocktail pickles. The dish was so small it was served on a six inch plate.
The moment the food came I said to him "don't order another drink, we're getting out of here" I couldn't bear to spend another cent.
Whatever happened to this place is unfortunate. We'll never stop in again.  You can't get by on crappy food and crappy service any longer.Quite a tricky little place to find, hidden below a chiropractic office, without their sign, you wouldn't even know it's existence.  Has decent cheese and beer selection, but they're rarely open.I rate the beer and wine selection a 4 or 5, but the fondue and accompaniments were really underwhelming. Go there for a great beer tasting for sure. Staff was really nice. Atmosphere was weird because we were the only ones in there. The other food might be better.  For two people our bill was nearly $70. Thats with three fondues and some accompaniments. And two tastings.I agree with others who argue that the concept is better in theory than execution, but they still execute it pretty well. We rolled in right before happy hour ended (3.50 Hoegardens) and got the small cheese sampler and a glass of wine each. The bartender was sweet and helpful - there was no one else in the place, really, so service was great. 
They need to take an afternoon and do some tidying up, put up a few pictures, maybe get rid of the 90% empty soft drink fridge that kind of stares you in the face at the bar. I felt like the ambiance didn't quite meet the level of the food, the concept. 
It's definitely worth a stop, though. A great happy hour/hors d'oeuvres visit, even if a little on the expensive side. But way more interesting than the thirty places around the corner with the overly hair-gelled hosts hawking the happy hour specials.I wish I could say better things about this place. I like chocolate, I like beer a lot, and I love cheese. And while Beneluxx, due I'm sure to the owner's (Eulogy) expertise in delicious beers, has a great selection, a fun concept, and individual table-sunk glass washers at every table, their terrible service ruins it all. 
The first time I went in with three friends at about 9pm. We stood in the middle of the narrow aisle, were ignored by the staff (seems they were missing a host/ess that night) and then after 30 minutes of trying to jocky for a bar stool (is that guy leaving? oh no, he's just smoking and then returning to be a dick.) we watched in amazement as a group of four who had arrived LONG after us got seated. We left in disgust and went to Tria. 
I tried again. I thought maybe it was just new-opening faux pas that had made the last trip so miserable. Nope. I brought my brother, visiting from out of town, and my boyfriend. We were just going to have some tastes before a movie at the Ritz. The service was slow enough to surmount rudeness, and there were only two other tables in the house. Our beers came 20 minutes before the cheeses we had ordered to taste with them! We ran out of bread and never received more. We waited and waited before we could order more tasting. AND when we told our server that we had to make a movie, and were in a rush, (ordering one more mini-beer each and ONE cheese) we waited another 30 minutes until we had those and the bill. In the meantime, I walked down the street, ordered sandwiches, waited for them to be made, and returned. It was ridiculous. The whole time the "bartenders" were either flirting with each other or texting. 
Its a shame to ruin what could be a good place with the terrible "service" of inexperienced 19-year-olds. I hope they get their shit together someday, but until then, I'm not throwing down the considerable $$$ they charge for less-than-mediocre time.Charming and comfortable place to stop and have a long chat and a bit of melted cheese on a chilly night.Yeah, yeah, I get it. Eulogy (or Monks) has the most comprehensive beer menu in the city. That's great. Quantity...and lots of it. And amidst the quantity of beer at Eulogy, there are a few quality gems. Beneluxx has the fortune of being Eulogy's neater, sexier little sister...
With an almost speakeasy atmosphere (read borderline burlesque paintings, candle lit back booths and a dar bar), Beneluxx offers a vast menu of wines and beers. But this time quality reins - though the selection is still bountiful.
And if you're in the mood for an even sexier time, be sure to order some chocolate. Priced by the ounce, you can either order little round bits of varying degrees of cocoa delights: from the most ivory white to the darkest night, there's a piece of chocolate for everyone. 
Beer, wine and chocolate? Best concept ever.My second time at beneluxx for my sisters birthday weekend kick off!!!
I gave this place 5 stars and it's well deserved . Mary our bartender was amazing . And happy hour was abso- the best!!!!
$5 3oz wine and cheese uhhh what my Friday is now complete !!!
Mary and I chatted about seattle and our near future visit as well as the crazy Belgian beer list ( she gave me some options other than my go too ) very amazing indeed :))) the boy boozed on beers which we did not even know they had stock in !!! And he sampled the chicken sandwhich he said was sooo good... Moist chicken w/ a mustard sauce and sharp cheddar played in th background ;) we must comeback for the fondue 
this underground bar got packed and quick luckily the three of us were cozy in our stools before the rush !!!
Beneluxx ur on our rad-ahI had a really great salad here, and their wine selection was amazing.  The bartender gave us great recommendations and was really helpful!
I can't wait to go back and try the fondue!Great place that is sort of hidden if you are just walking down the street.  Excellent beer and wine selection - very chill, great for drinks or dinner or just a low-key date.  I got the mac-n-cheese, which had cherries in it.  At first, I wasn't sure about it.  I mean, cherries?!  However, after a few bites, I was a fan!Good beer, bad food. The beer/wine list was very impressive and its a great place to enjoy a beer smorgasboard with some friends. However, the food was only asi-asi. I am not a hard person to please when it comes to eats (I am definitely not a tough critic), but the grilled romaine salad was actually bad. I was so hungry and by the time i finally got my food I thought i would REALLY enjoy it. Boy was I wrong, the lettuce was limp and just didn't taste quite right. The fondue was way below average - something I was not expecting considering the high price.This is my go to spot in Old City.  As a resident of the area, there are only a few places I actually go to, this being one of them.  I know whenever I go and who ever I'm with there is always a good time to be had.  For Old City its very low key and you don't have to be around the regular Old City crowd, which is rare and wonderful.  The bartender, who is always so friendly, even when its packed, knows my drink and when I don't know what I want she always has great suggestions.  There is a huge selection of items on the menu, so I'm always trying new things.  Whenever I tell people about a place that you can try food, wine, beer, cheese, and chocolate they always ask me what more could you want...and I couldn't agree more.Our third bar on our journey through Philadelphia led us to a sister restaurant of the Belgian beer bar, Eulogy.  My Dad was hesistant to go cause he looked it up and it said it only got three stars on help!  But they were also known for their wine and chocolate selection, so all i had to do was bat my cute daughter eyes, and i got my way.
The wine list is intense.   There were like 30 different wines that you can get in either a sample or in a full glass.   Samples run like $3-5 and glasses were $8-12.  A little expensive if you ask me.  But the sangiovese that i had was phenomenal.  wow.   It was worth all the heartburn i got!   The best part of the bar had to be the fact that they measured their wine pours in beakers and erlenmyer flasks!  For this science nerd it was awesome.
As the final part of our nightcap we decided to try the chocolate fondue... yum!  The chocolate was not to rich, but very flavorful.  And there were plenty of things to dip with it (and despite the misleading menu it was not bread that came with it).  Perfect birthday dessert for my Dad.
The rest of the menu was intrigueing, with a lot of cheeses and cheese fondues.   Definitely worth checking out on another day!
Overall it was a perfect nightcap to a great weekend
wine, chocolate fondue, orgasmicNever would I have imagined that a small, underground bar would be so fantastic.
The food: ordered the Grilled Three Cheese Sandwich with smoked gouda, sharp cheddar, and boursin tomato on sourdough bread. Brilliant! The best grilled cheese I've ever had.
Fantastic HUGE beer/wine list, they even have nifty cup cleaners in the table, and the service is very friendly (despite the overall snob vibe form the customers). Also, the service is very very knowledgeable and were very helpful with assisting in our selections.
The atmosphere is pretty quite, relaxed, and intimate. There appeared to be a lot of people out on dates here. We were a group of eight 21-year olds so we kind of ruined that vibe.This is my first review. Take it or leave it. 
I'm a beer guy. Love the stuff. Beneluxx has great beer. Their Belgium selection is top notch and they always have great select drafts available. I've heard they're good for wine too. But I can't comment to that.
However, there greatness ends at their beer selection. 
I decided to order some food. To preface, I did not know this was a tapas establishment. It's not indicated on the menu, signage or even mentioned by their wait staff/ bartender. 
So when I saw the butternut squash ravioli pasta for $10, I figured I was in for a treat. Turns out three 1 inch squares of (under cooked) pasta equal a meal here. I'm no fan of tapas and I continue not to be. 
Come for the beer, stay for the beer, but don't waste your money ordering any food here.A really neat place for the neighborhood. Great place to stop in for a  sampling of cheese, beer, wine and chocolate. We have been there a couple times in between dinner and parties/movies/events and its great. 
Has very cool glass cleaning things in the tables. 
Just a very worth while place to check out and stay for a bunch of samples. Unlike any place in town and a great place to bring someone who hasn't been there before.I've been here before for dinner and drinks, but never yelped. Now its time. 
Came here after dinner for a drink and some chocolate. There is nothing better than a plate full of chocolate and a pint of beer or glass of wine. 
I ordered a Duck Rabbit Porter and my fiance had a Pino Grigio. She had a hard time finding the wine list because they put it on a separate menu. We also had a hard time finding the chocolate because again, they put it on a separate menu. It wasn't a big deal except that we were unaware of this change. 
The chocolates were delicious. The beverages were always wonderful. Our bartender was great. She chatted us up over the Olympics, yet also made time for the other patrons at the bar (this is a contention of mine, bartenders who cannot give everyone equal face time). I wanted to stay a bit longer, but was reminded of our next destination. 
I really enjoy coming here, and will continue to do so, until they run out of chocolate (kidding.)Beneluxx is Eulogy's little sister.  That's the best way to it in one sentence.  And while I pefer Eulogy for a lot of reasons, Beneluxx has its own perfect spot in Olde City.  It's a quiet little spot, which makes it the perfect getaway from the lunacy of Olde City.  Even on a Friday night, you'll be able to enjoy the conversation of those with you.
When I walked in, I was immediatly greated by the strong smell of the cheese fondue.  I didn't eat while I was here, but looking over the menu, it seems that fondue would be the only thing I'd want.
Beer list, as expected is great, but less extensive than "Big brother."  Also, each time I tried to order a beer, my first choice was out.  It wasn't a big deal, and our server did her best to recommend something similar.  The service here is decent.
Bottom Line:  For most purposes, Eulogy is a better bet.  But for a more quiet atmosphere or a nightcap and dessert, Beneluxx is the only spot in Olde City.  It's a tad pricey, but not enough to drive you away.How do you say "underwhelmed" in Dutch?  Because that's how I felt after eating the greasy and bland Belgian dip and yucky swiss cheese fondue here.  I don't know what they herbs they put in the cheese fondue were but they ruined it.  And I freaking love cheese so its not easy to ruin it for me.  On top of that, we had to wait for a table and the food was overpriced for how unimaginative and boring it was.  We just kind of ended up here since we were walking around without a plan and my blood sugar was getting low (which is dangerous for everyone in my vicinity).  I love a happy accident - this was not one.The place is a hidden spot on 3rd street, signs are huge and flashing to get you to go in, and it's underground but it's worth it!
Sometimes the staff can seem a little distant, which in my opinion for that environment is ok.  At times they come back to ask you for drinks after long waits in between, but it gives you the chance to talk.
The fondue was great (we got the chocolate), and the atmosphere is great for having a conversation.  The drinks offered are plenty, and the prices are decent (however, beer prices aren't listed, which can be tough for someone with a budget).
Didn't try the food, so I won't comment on that, but the atmosphere is great for conversations or a date, its spread out enough to talk, but not so much that it seems to empty.3 cheers for the beer and wine selection.  A little less impressed with the food.  
A group of 8 of us came here for a birthday celebration for a girlie who loves wine, cheese and chocolate.  I arrived after the majority of the table ordered a smattering of fondues and at least one round of drinks.  Knowing the debauchery to ensue post dinner, my bff and I opted for heartier pork sandwiches.  The fondues were average, the pork sandwiches were spicy - a bit different than I was expecting.  
The dark wood - bench seating - basement atmosphere (it is downstairs) is reminiscent of dank college bars at PSU.  However our $350 bill was attributable to a much higher class of suds and vino.  And some of us (6, that is) were still hungry and definitely tipsy.It's a great idea for Philly.  The Cheese they have are pretty good.  The cheeses are between 3-4 dollars an ounce, the beer list is ok, I usually just get either the Leffe or the Chimay as I am not a beer fanatic but their wine list is pretty good.  The best deal, is the chef's selection plate, and then getting some other cheeses that you like a la carte.  You can get most of the same Cheeses at Dibruno's get a good bottle of wine and sit out on your deck and enjoy the cheese and wine for half the price.  BUT, you don't have someone serving you so that you can just sit back and relax.  On the deck, you have to go back in and get more cheese or drinks and get pulled away from the company/conversation whatever.  Here, you want more of something, you ask for it while you continue to talk.  It's worth a shot.  Now, if they can bring the Frites over from eulogy, we are good to go.WARNING: I am not a fan of wine.
"But Steve, it's the drink of the world.  How can you not appreciate its subtle wonders?"
Consider the palate of an everyday human.  Anyone can distinguish easily between something sweet and something bitter.  When I was younger, while all my friends were outside chasing the ice cream man and wolfing down Oreos to get by, I was the kid cleaning his plate of brussels sprouts.  I never needed coaxing from mommy to make my broccoli or peas disappear.  In fact, I would often pass on dessert.
Flash forward to the present.  I like to think that my desire for bitter greens when I was a youngin has basically bred me to become a beer conniesseur, which I think I have.  Truth be told, I really just cannot stand the sweetness of wines.
"But Steve, not all wines are obviously sweet.  Some are downright bitter!"
Shut up!  You're ruining my story!
Anyway, about 2 weeks ago, I was researching the hated grape drink for a birthday present for a girl I was trying to woo.  I thought that sitting online and reading what other people thought about some wines would help me make an easy decision.  My friend thought I was an idiot.  He told me that I needed to actually experience the taste myself, and that I could not make a good decision until then.
Begrudgingly, I agreed to go to Beneluxx with him after work.  I remember being apprehensive about forcing glasses of Merlot and Pinot Noir down my throat, but in the end, I was pleasantly surprised.
You see, Beneluxx is all about the tasting.  They offer smaller, tasting glasses of everything on tap, beer or wine.  They also offer assorted fruits, cheeses, chocolates, and fondues.  Ultimately, the possibilities of combination are endless.  
By the time I left, I still hated wine.  No force on Earth could change that.  But I did have an expanded knowledge of the poison, and I was given the chance to wash it all down with some pretty amazing beers.  
Beneluxx is one of those rare places that not only encourages you to try something new but makes the trial easy for you.  Please, please, PLEASE give this place a try if you're a fan of exploring your own tongue.  I know I'll be back.I have to say, I'm surprised at the bad reviews of Beneluxx.
I found this place for my boyfriends birthday and we had a blast!
We really enjoyed sampling thier endless beers on tap. We made the waitress help us with our selections and she was great. The beer tasting was not only delicous but an fun experience all together. Glass washers in the middle of the table and the samples in beakers really took the tasting a step further
Along with tasting we tried the soup of the day and selected a fondue. The soup was a homemade potato bacon and cheddar that knocked both our socks off. It tasted fresh and warmed us up... perfect. 
We then tried the cheddar fundue. I know many reviews said it was 'bad' and it wasn't such a hit for us either but I think the 'bad' reviews are misunderstandings. The cheese they use here isn't your typical grocery store cheese, the cheese they use is closer to gormet and most likely you may have never tasted them before. So in my opinion, I wouldn't say it was 'bad' I would just say it was a taste I wasn't used to. 
But all together I DEF recomend Beneluxx and often do. Its a great place to spend some time and sample many different things. But I have to point out if a hearty meal or getting balckout drunk is what your looking for, this isn't the place (both portion size & $$ wise). But if you have some time to kill with some friends, this is DEF a great place to get a little buzz going while you enjoy the rest of the city.One of the best beer lists in the city, hands down. Oh, you knew that? Okay. Well, this speakeasy level restaurant/bar also has some decent eats. For those that are looking for fondue outside of Melting Pot, this place serves up a mean beer cheese fondue. With veggie additions this "dish" (or should I say bowl) makes a nice meal for two. For the carnivores among us, I recommend adding the steak tips. They're seared perfectly and match quite well with the cheese. 
The interior is dark without being depressing. The staff is light but friendly and attentive. They are true connoisseurs of craft beer and appear to love to make recommendations. (The fact that they serve Chimay on draft earned me a few stars regardless of how the meal turned out).Beneluxx tasting room is always a joy to visit. The room is subdued and dimly lit which is a nice contrast to the hustle and bustle of the Old City night-life which surrounds this hideaway. The food is delicious and bridges the gap between gastropub and fine dining. A must try is the Swiss Fondue whose creamy texture and herb-infused flavor is perfectly complimented with a side of fingerling potatoes and chorizo. Though the wine list is extensive, I prefer to partake of their signature flights of ales. Offering up 4oz samples allows any patron the chance to experience a variety of the worlds best beers. A word for larger parties, the largest available online reservation is 4. Call after placing to have the reservation expanded.Let me start out by saying I love the staff at Beneluxx, especially the cook, Theo, who also cooks at Eulogy (also owned by the Beneluxx owners). They're very friendly and always have great recommendations on what beers to pair with what cheeses. I've been here a number of times now and really love that you can taste multiple things for not too much money. However, I always find that the bill adds up really quickly, and my friends and I rarely walk out of there with a bill less than $80 between four of us. When you think about how many different beers and cheeses you can taste for $20, though, it's not that bad.
They always have good beers, but I wish they would rotate them more. I'm not thaaaaaat big of a Belgian beer fan. I love the Trappists, but blondes and such... ehhh. I prefer a nice IPA or imperial stout over those types of beers. That being said, Beneluxx has Two-Hearted Ale, Old Rasputin (I usually end up going for a full glass of this), and Young's Double Chocolate Stout, as well as a selection of other fine craft beers, but not as many as I would really like to see. I do enjoy the fact that you can get e-flasks of them, though there aren't usually that many that I haven't had before, so I never really get samples. 
Their chocolate and cheese selections are vast and include something for everyone. However, their fondues, although pretty good, lack variety. Every time I go there, the fondue specials are the same. I wish they would change things up every month or so. It would make the place more interesting. I like that it's next to my favorite bar, The Irish Pol, because visiting both places in one night is sometimes necessary. I'll definitely visit here again, because there aren't many places in the city where you can taste different cheeses with different beers.Had some awesome fondue, an amazing pork sandwich, and a handful of lovely beers. All served by an attentive, friendly, and knowledgable bartender. We felt like we were VIPs, being given samples and tailored recommendations... Would definitely visit again.Great Belgian beer selection and charming, cozy subterranean atmosphere make a serious case for four stars, but charging $5 for a sample of cheese the size of a postage stamp could not be overlooked- three stars it is.Want to escape the annoying Old City weekend night crowd?  Duck into the Beneluxx and you can breathe easy. 
You can quench your thirst with a tasty draft from the dizzying list of beer offerings (mostly Belgian) or sate yourself with a serious wine list.  If you're starving, go elsewhere because this place won't leave you feeling full unless you drop some major coinage.
Beneluxx loses a star because the menu is a little expensive for what they offer.  Small portions all around, from the mini-pizzas (short for miniscule, perhaps?) to the cheese selections (2 slices, 2 warm baguette slices per order).
However, don't let the snack size portions of the food keep you from venturing into the cheese menu.  Be sure to try the orgasmic Sottocenere - a black truffle cheese that was wisely recommended by the bartender - and inhaled by us.
Service is warm, friendly and accessible. Space is small, ceiling low - but it makes for a cozy atmosphere and a nice place to get a good beverage and a bite - and it's a nice alternative to Eulogy.I really like this place.  I wouldn't go for dinner after reading Carrie's review (and a bit expensive for my budget), but for drinks with snacks it's great.  I really liked the cheeses I tried, and they have a nice selection of beers and wines.  It's a small place but feels cozy.  I don't know enough about wine to comment on the appropriateness of their pairings, but I really enjoyed my visit here.  A good date place, I think.Haven't been here for a while. Took my wife and her friends this weekend. They loved it; I did too. Worth the price and a lot of fun. Great way to hang out with friends.Why do I love this place?  Because both times I went there it was virtually free.  The first time I went, we asked the bartender for our check and were surprised at how low it was.  Apparently he had decided to shut down the register early...and everything else we drank was on the house.  Amazing!  The next time wasn't as much of a bargain but we still got a few free drinks.
Even if you do have to pay full price, how can you go wrong with beer and cheese?  Delicious!Fabulous selection of beer - it is an impressive list, even if they don't have every single thing listed that day.
Fondue is yummy, charcuterie is yummy, and the chocolate - you guessed it, yummy too.  I'd recommend this to anyone looking for a classy night out - for food or just for drinks - in old city.This place is a hidden gem just a few steps down from street level.
They have a really nice beer and wine selection as they share owners with Eulogy down the street. I have yet to order their fondue which I hear is really good, but I've tried a few of their salads and they were great. Also had the pepperoni calzone-type appetizer and that was pretty good too. The pretzels with aioli were delish! Very friendly bartenders and staff!a saturday night, not too long ago, i was due to meet up with some friends at eulogy before hitting up the new stuart gordon movie being shown courtesy of the film festival.
while on the bus, i received a text, letting me know the plan had changed and said friends were now at beneluxx on 3rd. 
wait..what? where? HUH??!! where the hell am i going? why? ugh...this was SOMA, wasn't it? boo. etc, etc thanks to my inner dialogue.
dude. i am so glad they decided to bag on eulogy!! this was an amazing hour spent, in every way.
the cheese selection was insane....and lucifer!! oh, i loves you lucifer!! lovely staff that was friendly and relatively fast, while the place was slightly more than busy. i also dug the little glass washing doohickey in the centre of every table, though i found myself wanting to fool with it incessantly.
i will be going back, once el hubbo and i can find a sitter so that we might steal away with our gluttony.Jack really wanted to bring us here
It's definitely a secret bar as its dark and below street level. 
When we arrived at 10 of 8 the place had 2 other customers and we thought it was silly we made reservations. But it filled up within minutes. We were quickly thereafter when we realized this place was being served by only one bartender. Thankfully someone was preparing food in back, but poor Krista had way too many customers to relax and smile for even a minute.
Our group of four devoured the large cheese platter and charcuterie platter. I loved the Camembert. We weren't as impressed with the charcuterie selection
David and I had the Belgian beer flight. I wouldn't dare complain about Chimay white or delirium tremmens as I already know they're great. I enjoyed the leffe blonde too!  Jack and Mitya had wine flights and we enjoyed the company. We intended to stay longer, but decided it was time to hop around to other restaurants for grub!!  The dinner menu wasn't all that exciting and reviews of fondu weren't convincing.Although I have only been here with girlfriends post yoga, this would be the ultimate date place in theory.  If you are trying to look cool and something that is on and off the grid all at once, go to Beneluxx.  
They have a massive beer list and a respectable wine list (for Philly).  The dank atmosphere can't be beat on a cold wintry night or a sultry summer day.  
The staff is always helpful, though I question their retention b/c every time I go it's someone's first day.... maybe this is because I go on Tuesdays. :)  I do wish that they had a little bit  more wine knowledge. (Just because they're out of Semillon DOES NOT MEAN that I will EVER enjoy a Chardonnay, so please refrain from suggesting it, unless it was aged in France and has little to zero oak and little to zero butter.)  I digress.
Checking out the glass swirler in the middle of the table is worth the trip alone.
Beneluxx is such a great ambience for an authentic conversation. Hit it up.Went to Beneluxx a few months ago after reading the Yelp reviews-- my boyfriend had never had fondue, and after we planned on The Melting Pot, I knew we both would be unhappy with the mainstream, overpriced vibe there, so I searched for something a little off-the-beaten-path.
I was very happy with everything at Beneluxx...we just got fondue, which I thought was a little pricy, but it definitely filled our bellies (along with some nice beer, of course).  We just ordered the traditional Swiss fondue, and boy what a flavor!  We added fresh vegetables for nearly $5, which went well with the cheese, but I'm not sure they were worth the price.  We also had to get extra bread, because we ran out before the fondue was done.  
Our beers were excellent and, as it was a quiet night, our server really got to talk to us and tell us about each beer we were interested in.  At one point, they didn't have the exact beer I wanted, so she brought out something comparable, and it was amazing!
I don't understand the point of the glass washers on the table...they just made sharing the fondue awkward, and since each beer we ordered came with a different glass, they were kind of pointless.  Also, they didn't even work.
The only truly unfortunate thing about Beneluxx was the TV; as we kept drinking, both my boyfriend and I kept getting distracted by Jeopardy, which was in his eyesight right behind my head, and was reflecting in the picture above his...sort of a strange way to end a perfectly wonderful date, turned around in my seat to see the Final Jeopardy clue...
Anyway, what a great find! A reminder that sometimes the best things in life are underground :)Classy, cozy, charming. A hole-in-the-wall place to get a fancy fix on wine, beer, cheese and chocolate.
This perfectly affordable tasting house offers wonderful platters at the discretion of you r the chef for both charcuterie and cheese, both with magnificent selections from the Jose Garces market. (no pate, though :-/ ) Beer taps coming out of every wall and surface demonstarte their fantastic selection that's a taster's dream (available in half-price half-glasses) and an indecisive newcomer's nightmare! Also a selection of wines and beers in bottles.
We were tickled with the glass cleaners on the tabletops, and enjoyed classic swiss fondue for the night. (It was admittedly small, but with a large charcuterie and a large cheese plate to match, we ended up full.. not to mention all our beverages.) Finish it all off with chocolate by the ounce, and our visit was divine! Taster's night out for 3, about 100 pre-tip.
 Downsides: It smelled like a lockerroom... probably a result of beer and cheese fondue. Street Parking -- LOCATE A KIOSK. We thought we'd get away with parking 10 minutes before 10 with no stub... but that 36 dollar ticket was waiting for us.
Nice location (obviously)Yeah Beneluxx!  Excellent selection of brews and Chocolate to boot.
First time here I had the fondue, which was ok.  But the real attraction is the beer list and the desserts!
When you and your friends are heading over to National Mechanics for a pitcher, blow them a way and cross the street for a Unibroue!HORRIBLE. The food is good but way to small a portion for the price, its actually a bit ridiculous. Good selection of wine and beer, and the bartender Neira is great, but really thats it. The place has potential but the person running it obviously doesnt have a clue.I have been here on two occasions.  First is on New Years and the second is yesterday.  I love this place.  It is located on 3rd street between market and chestnut.  The best way to find it is only 20 feet south of the 3rd and market park america lot.
To start the drink menu is 3 pages long.  1 page for wines and 2 pages for beers.  I love the import selection, larger than other restaurants in the city and the waiter/waitress is very nice for pouring our glasses in front of us.  Sometimes the quality of beers available is low.  There is plenty of options to choose from the long list.
The ambiance is like an underground speakeasy and it feels welcoming.  The restaurant's trademark is fondue and it is to die for.  The Swiss and the beer cheese fondue are both delicious and I recommend either one.  I would also suggest ordering extras like steak tips, garlic bread or the chicken.
The chocolate fondue is also very delicious and it is not too big or too small for the proportions.
Outside of the fondue my favorites and my boyfriend's as well are the Goat Cheese Salad and the sampler appetizer which has a combination of chorizos, duck prosciutto, regular prosciutto,  soprasada, baby dill pickles and home made mustard.
I would suggest coming here and calling ahead of time or setting a reservation.  Both times we showed up it was not too crowded and everybody there was having a good time.
Perfect for dating, having a semi quiet night or trying something new.
I am definitely coming back here again!Yay! I'm a fan.
I think the trick to Beneluxx is going after dinner or at a time during the day when you don't have a nagging hunger.  I enjoy the concept of tasting everything (not just wine). I had an after dinner wine and chocolate tasting there. I look forward to my mid day snack beer and pizza tasting.
 I'm not quite sure why people are nailing it for its prices. Nothing is over 10 dollars. I thought it was very fair.I've only been here twice but this Beer-Wine-Cheese-Chocolate tasting room fills it's niche perfectly. It is owned by Eulogy Belgian Tap Room and it offers a wide range beers and a sightly less extensive wine list. The staff are super friendly and more than happy to talk about beers or give you a suggestion on what to try. The first time I went there I ordered their appetizer Magherita pizza and it was one of the best i've ever had. Their chef experiments with new doughs and the ingredients were all fresh and delicious. Their chocolate menu is great and provides a good description of their differences. The same goes for the beer and wine menus. You can order a tasting for both beer and wine for about half the price of a normal glass. The deco is  very nice as well. It is off the beaten path a little but it works well for it. The area is small but in a cosy way. If you aren't in the mood for beer or wine they have a small liquor bar.I think I like the idea of Beneluxx more than the actual experience; still, the good outweighs the bad here. And who doesn't love the built-in glass rinser?
For the record, I'm not much of a beer drinker, so I stick mostly to the wine selection, but since I've now been to Beneluxx 3 or 4 times, I've tried a handful of beers and even found one or two I liked. I've had some great wines at Beneluxx. The Albarino and the Riesling are excellent (although Rieslings always are), and the Greek wine Moschofilero -- which I've never seen anywhere else before or since -- was outstanding.
The best thing at Beneluxx, however -- if you're a sugar addict like me -- was the chocolate fondue which comes with various fruits and cakes to dip. It was so good I wanted to lie down on the floor, curl up and cry tears of joy.
The food at Beneluxx is another story. I've had a salad, a pizza, and a panini of my various trips there, and they were all worse than average, they were downright bad. But hey, often times that's what you get in a bar. I just have to remember to go to Beneluxx for drinks, not dinner. It's usually pretty crowded due to the small space and there are few tables (if you go with more than 4 people, you're in trouble), but on the other hand, the music is good. I also have to note the fact that everytime I've gone there, they seem to be out of at least half the beers listed on the menu.
For all my complaints though, I would come back here anytime for post-dinner drinks with friends. We always manage to have a good time.There are many other options in Old City that provide a more welcoming environment and a more pleasant experience. We would never return to this restaurant and would certainly never recommend it to anyone we know.
In all fairness to the rest of the restaurant/bar staff, they were very courteous and friendly, and provided excellent service. However, the customer service provided by the manager/chef was sub-standard and unaccommodating. In our opinion, he avoided our request to discuss a billing issue with him. 
I went to Beneluxx with 2 friends on a Saturday night and  while we enjoyed most of our visit over a drink, we were not pleased with our overall experience with the food or the unavailability of the manager/chef, which is surprising in such a small venue. While the pate we ordered was very good, we also got the traditional cheese fondue, but the taste of the cheese was unpleasant to us so we sent it back and the waitress kindly had the charge removed from our bill.  
We then ordered the chocolate fondue, but after waiting more than 1/2 hour, we told the waitress that we no longer wanted it because we needed to leave.  However, as we waited for our check, she brought out the chocolate fondue and we reiterated that we no longer wanted it and needed to leave.  She said she couldn't send it back or remove it from our check and that we would need to speak with the manager.  We waited for at least another 20 minutes, asking repeatedly to see the manager, and he never came out. The waitress explained that the manager was not able to come out to discuss the issue with us because he was too busy in the kitchen. We never consumed the chocolate fondue, but were ultimately charged for it anyway.I have mixed feelings for this place. To me it's a little dungeon like for a venue that in theory caters to a slightly sophisticated audience (i.e. one who would sample exotic cheeses and wines). 
At the same time, they have one of the most unique pieces of equipment that I've ever seen. In reality this is on par with other interactive meal features such as the Korean BBQ cook-it-yourself, the venerable Hibachi grill, and of course the classic Mongolian BBQ kinda-doing-it-myself approach.  I'm talking about the famed in table glass cleaners. These are physically built into the custom made tables. Ironically the tables are your standard run-of-the-mill wood tables, which is why Beneluxx is a paradox of high and low end.