I ate here once and the food was above average for American-Chinese.  I ordered vegetarian chicken-fried rice, which was pretty good.  The delivery time was also pretty speedy.Not quite the 5 star 5 spice take-out spot in the city. BUT, certainly meets all standard requirements of a Chinese takeout joint..... unkempt, forever decaying florescent light-up food image menu above the counter, an impatient waiting Fujonese woman behind the counter to take your order to only yell it to the old man in the back sitting on a 2 foot stool from the industrial revolution, and you can't forget about the homeless man that likes to hangout at these types of establishments despite the owners distaste for his presence. To Michael O... first of all, this isn't Le Bec Fin we're talking about. The food is always less than quality... overcooked, underc.ooked, not cooked, and "THIS ISN'T WHAT I ORDERED! A Chinese takeout spot is not about getting great service or amazing food, it's a dismal experience that one craves when they're drunk, lazy, or like myself, wake up from a nap to only smell my brain pumping imaginary food exhaust of 4 piece fried chicken atop pork fried rice with a side of egg drop soup through my senses. In the end, it's a "happy meal" because one knows that if your familiar with this genre of food, you know what to expect before your craving is satisfied. Also, please note, that this is NOT CHINESE FOOD PEOPLE! It's decadent sloppy appearance happens to have been created FUBU! (For Us By Us)... The Chinese cooking your shitty meal do not eat this homogenous mess. The dishes are simply influenced by Chinese recepes. If you want authentic, which I consume regularly as well, go to Chinatown and look into some of the establishments that have no menus and probably a slew of poor immigrant workers on their lunch break eating a bowl of hand drawn noodles. Or for a simpler solution, check out spots like, Davids Mei Lei Wah and ask for the Red Menu, Jade Harbor on Bustleton Ave,  Shiao Lan Kung on Race St., Dim Sum at Ocean City on 9th and Vine, and my personal favorite is the Morning Star Bakery on the northwest corner of Disston st and Bustleton in the NE (bring someone who speaks Cantonese with you otherwise you aren't getting food)... So in the end Michael O., get used to seeing people who hate life in these types of places, because you may see more hairs, spit, and grit in your food, than blood-sweat-and-tears in your MSG loaded General Tso's chicken.Best China Inn is a typical Chinese fast food takeout that prepares food quickly and tastes great - just don't bother asking for nutritional content. (There are two huge barrels of oil and grease near the backside of the restaurant, for what it's worth.) 
You really can't go wrong with veggie lo mein, wonton soup, and other fare like fried rice. The food has always been greasy, though tasty. The portions are filling and the prices are inexpensive, slighter cheaper than No. 1 Chinese at 43rd and Walnut.
Don't forget to take advantage of the menu coupons when ordering! (free egg roll or soda at $15 / 7 fried wonton or 6 crab rangoon at $20 / small pork or chicken fried rice or 2 liter soda at $25)
Always confirm your order if ordering over the phone, just to be certain your order was properly taken.
When paying at the counter, they only accept cash - so bring cash with you, but they have an ATM inside that you can use (though I'd never use it.)Food is decent, and we used to order from here pretty frequently.  The last few months, delivery time has gotten ridiculous!  Several times we have waited an hour or more-last night was one hour and 40 minutes!!  If you're hungry, you should probably pick it up or go somewhere else!Just as a torrential downpour was about to hit the city, I was looking for a place close by to grab dinner before heading to a show rehearsal.  Lucky for me, I was able to take cover inside China Inn.  While the atmosphere is nothing special and it's not really a sit-down restaurant (most of their business is take-out and delivery), they do have a table and a few chairs, so while I was waiting for the rain to let up, I was able to sit there and eat.  I'll be honest, since the menu only appeared to list prices for the larger portions, I had a bit of sticker shock, but once I discovered there were smaller orders for certain items, I was relieved.  I was satisfied with my sesame chicken and for what I paid, I thought it was worth it.  Would definitely come back if I were on the go and craving Chinese!As an update, BCI is amazing for catering. We stopped at maybe 5pm on the day of our party to order a mixture of vegetarian and meat dishes. They promised delivery promptly at 9:30pm. 9:30 on the dot, and they were at the door with 6 full trays of piping hot food, plus a bag of fortune cookies and lots of (free) 2 liters of soda. We fed over 60 hungry people, plus had some leftovers for under $200. Yeah, it ain't a plated dinner service, but who doesn't want takeout Chinese when they've had a drink or three?This is my go to Chinese spot. It's  good, cheap, and you can take it to the bar next door and have a beer.Im in town from Chicago so tough to beat our food but this place was suberb!!!! Fast delivery good quanity of food and delicious! Price wise was good to! Would definetly recomend this place, looking forward to my next meal from there.China Inn is great for those drunken nights when only Chinese food will do. I always make the extra trip from farther west into UCity to pick up lo mein here. Cheap, quick, never had a "hit or miss" experience. Delicious!We had been ordering from another Chinese place, and after a few dishes weren't great, we decided to just pick the highest rated Chinese place on GrubHub, and Best China Inn was it. It is pretty clear why. The food is consistently hot and tasty, especially their Kung Pao Chicken. 
My only complaint is the curry chicken. The curry is... not the same that most places uses and it had an usual after taste. So, when I want curry chicken, I still order someplace else. But otherwise, Best China Inn is excellent.Best China Inn is a university city staple. It offers your typical take out Chinese at a great price! The student specials are the best deal (e.g. General Tsos with fried rice and an egg roll for about $7). For some good Americanized Chinese food, this is the place to order from in West Philly/University City.What to say, well this is your typical corner Americanized Chinese food stop. They have lunch deals, student deals for combos where you can get an entrée (ie General tsos + fried rice + egg roll for around $7) 
Their lunch specials are all $5.50 for entrée + veggie fried rice + soup, pretty darn good deal
I got their Shrimp Hu Fun Noodle soup the other day -- which was actually pretty good. Good broth, obviously frozen shrimp -- but all in all it hit the spot. 
It's hard for these spots to ever hit over 3 stars though -- mostly because of service. it may be communication barrier, but they rarely greet or say good bye / have a nice day. When I arrived I told them my order might not be ready yet but I'd sit for a bit. And in Chinese the man told the other co-workers that mine wasn't ready yet, so I sat down. If I didn't understand Chinese -- it would have been like I was straight ignored -- no one relayed that information to me. 
Solid choice for your gluttonous fake Chinese food cravings thoughBest General Tso's chicken in the area! I really enjoyed the food I ordered. Everything tasted fresh and the delivery was super fast. The only down fall was the fact that they don't accept credit as a payment method.Fast delivery, about 30 mins. Food was great. Will order again. Great place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!It's cheap, fast, slightly better than mediocre Americanized Chinese food. The thing that has made me come back multiple times is the "fast"--everything I have ever ordered has a 5 minute prep time. Perfect for when I'm too lazy to cook myself. The portions are enormous and the lunch special is a great deal (and available on Saturdays-rare!)Typical takeout Chinese food, nothing amazing. Comes out quick!I ordered fried chicken wings. They came quick and was hot. I pulled back the bag opened it up to see two long hairs on my wings. I was so disgusted.  I should of looked at my  yelp app before ordeing.The quality was great; nothing was greasy or slimy. Great flavor and good prices, although I wish I'd have gotten a bigger portion for the price, the quality makes it worthwhile and the sizes are filling. I loved the spring and shrimp fried rolls.I grubhubbed this place and my order came 20 earlier than expected. Everything was hot and seemed to be prepared fresh. It's your average quality chinese americanized food. It all really tastes the same to me. But this place is really cheap and gives huge portions. My only complaint is that the wonton soup was the strangest thing I've ever tasted. I have never had wonton soup before so maybe thats just how it tastes, it was just really weird. But my fav part, they have sundae cones!!!! Overall I  really liked it.Entire order was excellent!!! The delivery driver was courteous and even when they forgot my crab Rangoon I called and they promptly brought them!! This will be my new #1 delivery spot here in West Philly Baby!! Prices were reasonable also!!The food here is OK. The locale is nothing to write home about. Reasonable prices but probably their Achilles heel is that they are damn slooooow. Also, I've known people who've been tricked out of money from their ATM. Lots of shady people eat here but it's open late so I guess it's to be expected.A pretty standard menu, with some great value options (both combination platters and student specials are great deals.)
I've liked everything I've ever ordered from them.  The employees are always friendly and the service is very quick for to-go orders.This has been THE BEST Chinese to-go restaurant I have ever had. My boyfriend and I order their general Tsos chicken and egg rolls every week. Service is friendly, food is always fresh, and prices are reasonable. Highly recommend.Edamame fast delivery, my favorite chinnesse placeEveryone hypes Luckys, but the real chinese food gem in the area is China Inn. Food is cooked and ready when they say it will be unlike others around. The price is right and food quality is better than the usual neighborhood place.I just moved to the neighborhood and thought I'd give some good 'ol chinese a try after a long day of work. 
Unfortunately I went here. 
Both the spring roll and egg roll were bland. boring. 
Second I ordered the Shrimp and vegetable combination. It had a funny taste, that and the port fried rice. It resembled a taste of dust. ugh. Totally disgusted. Will never eat there again. 
the only, ONLY, pro to them is they weren't that expensive, But I guess you get what you pay for here. Gross food. 
there are a million other chinese places in this town. go somewhere else.Perfect college food. cheap n plentiful. Was a staple during my day.Great for healthy Chinese takeout, their steamed menu is delicious and flavorful. Also great for vegetarians, as they have a wide range of meat-substitute and tofu dishes.
Super fast delivery. Cheap.No NO NO!! I will never try this place again. The food is lacking every way. The service for takeout was not nice and seemed like they hated life. The food was the worse it was over cooked and seemed to be from frozen. I would say go hungry before eating at this place.Just pulled a STAPLE out of their hot and sour soup. I used to go here as a late night last resort, but never again. Take heed.Best vegetarian spring rolls, hands down.
Such great mock meat substitutes as well. Vegetarian beef ho fun is a great stand-in, just add 2 packets of soy sauce and a squirt of sriracha.
Delivery is very fast and they're always very friendly. Plus free 2 liter soda on any order over $20! Agreed that the dumplings over at competitors are better.. not a big fan of the thick, pillowy dumpling skin types.
BTW I am 100% Chinese who has lived in Hong Kong from the age of 3, and I hate most Chinese food in the States.Fast with delivery, delivery guy has always been very friendly and food is typical cheap Chinese food. The food is tasty and will definitely fill you up when u need something fast and cheap. If going in person be prepared for rude/disinterested service if it's the younger lady behind the counter who usually has to finish her text first, the older lady is always friendly though. Also, for some reason it's cash only unless you place the order through grub hub which is a little weird.Update: After responding to Eat24 and posting this review, I got another email with the order edited and the price adjusted, less the missing vegetables. This is satisfactory, although I'm still bummed I didn't get my veggies and that it took this much aggravation to get a refund. However, I'd be willing to give them another shot now.
I've been getting veggie food here for years, it's about the only place in the area that has faux meats which adds some variety. The food is reliably decent. But I was extremely disappointed today when I placed my order online and picked up on my walk home - as I've done before - and when I got home discovered much to my chagrin a container of pork fried rice in place of my buddhist vegetables. I'm Jewish and vegan, so this was doubly disgusting to me. When I contacted Eat24 (which I'd ordered through), they eventually responded that the restaurant wanted me to return the fried rice in order to get a refund, or I could come pick up my vegetables!! That's about the worst customer service I've heard of. I know restaurant margins are low, but they made the mistake, and in my opinion it's their responsibility to correct it. I'm not walking 20 minutes back and forth again to get my actual order or a refund. So now it would appear I'm out $7.50 for food I had to throw away. Needless to say, I won't be ordering from here again, I'll stick to the place around the corner that just has tofu.I read another review which said the vegetarian chicken mei fun is really, really good. I tried it. FALSE. It was probably the worst chicken mei fun I've ever had. Service was fast but the food was terrible. I won't be coming back here. Lots of vegetarian options though if that's what you're looking for.Very good food! Good choice of appetizers and very friendly staff. I was discouraged thinking I wouldn't be able to find good Chinese in Philly, but they proved me wrong. My second favorite Chinese takeout in the neighborhood.really solid vegetarian menu that goes way beyond "general tso tofu". quick delivery, even during a snow storm! food is pretty good, not incredible, but it's chinese take out. definitely worth a try.NEVER ordering from this place again! Last night I ordered a sesame chicken and got food poisoning from it! Not worth a trip to the hospital and the worst stomach ache of my life.Super super basic neighborhood chinese around the corner. The food is pretty average and just ok. 
Here is my problem, they left out the chowmein we ordered, charged us for it, and gave us like 3 cartons of rice for no good reason. Tastewise, basic. Stick to the regular stuff and you should be out of danger.I hardly ever eat out but when I got a new job I decided to reward myself with a pleasure I rarely indulge in--Chinese food!  I was so excited that I decided to order a lot so that I could have left overs.  I got the sesame chicken, General Tso's chicken and crab rangoons.  I have to say that I was quite disappointed.  The flavoring of both wasn't that great, especially the sesame chicken, which I hardly enjoyed at all.  The texture of the breading wasn't my favorite.  The crab rangoons were fine but not exceptional.  Sadly I probably wouldn't go her again because it just wasn't as good as other places in the area.Worst chinese food I've had in Philadelphia. I'm Chinese and the wontons aren't even comparable to crap that i cook off of online guides. The beef was paired with tomatoes and tasted like crap. Dumplings had the thickest skin compared to any restaurant I've ever tasted. Service was terrible. I asked for the driver's number and was told it would cause him trouble... What happened to customers first. I ordered delivery and it took two hours to deliver... Don't order here, the food and service is absolute crap. If I could I would give this no stars at all.I've had very good experiences with Best China Inn. They're cheap, fast, and hit exactly the buttons that sate a takeout craving.
About twice a month when my girlfriend and I don't feel like cooking, we'll order what we've dubbed (slightly tongue-in-cheek) "No Grease Chinese Food"-- the chicken and broccoli off the diet menu. The menu verbiage makes it sound like the diet items are served completely naked, but they actually give you a small tub of the usual Chinese-American brown sauce on the side of your order. So, instead of tossing the meat and vegetables with the sauce plus some oil in a wok, they just steam it all and you can add sauce to your taste. So, let's be real, the caloric difference is nil since the diet menu portion is paradoxically larger and you're also still gonna slather it in salty-sugary-savory sauce, but if you aren't in the mood for a swimming pool of oil to accompany your MSG, it's a good option. 
They go heavy on the vegetables and lighter on the meat than most similar Chinese-American places. This is a plus for me, but perhaps not so much for others.
Non-diet options are very adequate. Fried wontons are tasty. Veggie lo mein is a favorite. General Tso's and the Sesame style items are as decadently sweet and fried as you could desire.   
I dithered between giving 3 and 4 stars, just because by any culinary measure this is your basic neighborhood takeout joint. So, if you're reading this and you're out of walking distance, there's no real reason to make a special trip out to West Philly to eat here. However, if you're in the neighborhood and you want to eat in, say, 15 minutes, Best China Inn fits the bill perfectly. It's sort of an ideal place to have around.Alright. I'm going to rate this place for what it is - fast food. It's Chinese take out. But you know what? It's done well. Some of their fake meat dishes are...only so-so, such as their kung pao chicken and chicken with peppers and onions. I recommend trying the vegetarian steak with peppers and onions, the general tso's vegetarian chicken and the broccoli in black bean sauce. To satisfy a quick craving for Chinese food, this place works just fine.Happily surprised! General Tso's chicken was still crispy, the veggie lo mein was good as was the chicken fried rice. Delivery was a little slow which is why I knocked a star off.Mmmmmm scallion pancakes. Chinese food is Chinese food for the most part, and the only distinguishing feature of China Inn for me is the fact that they serve chinese pizza/scallion pancakes at a decently cheap price. The place always seems clean enough and delivery, whether called in or ordered online through Campusfood, is always prompt, plus they're open pretty late during the week.Huge portions, fast service, and better quality than the handful of other Chinese take out joints I've tried in W. Philly.  It's great Americanized Chinese take out, and excellent drunk food.  Loses a star for not accepting cards, but there is a fee-for-service ATM on site.My boyfriend and I order from China Inn at least six times a month. It's ridiculous, I know, but they're food's damn good. We order through campusfood.com, which is so convenient. Now we receive a discount coupon when we order because we're such regular customers. With or without the discount, we would order: their Boneless Spare Ribs are the best I have ever had, no question. They're ridiculously tender and saucy and savory and sweet, especially with Fried Rice. My boyfriend loves the warm and fluffy Egg Foo Young and the crispy, flavorful Spring Rolls. We almost always get it delivered, which is the fastest delivery I've ever seen!  The same friendly delivery guy shows up everytime (under 15 minutes, like they promise) running to the door with a "Thank you very much." It's the consistency in service and taste that we really love..
We don't, however, love their spicy General Tso's Chicken or their average Fried Chicken Wings. They're not bad, just not the best (Beijing in Upper Darby, Danny's Wok, keep up competition). I've read other reviews where these are favorites, so to each his own. All I know is no other Chinese boneless ribs can hold a candle to China Inn's. And the people who run the restaurant are so friendly, you want to continue to patronize their business. 
For urban dwellers, there's really no substitute for good chinese food. And your favorite chinese place will always keep you coming back. Unfortunately, there aren't as many choices for good chinese food in West Philly/University City (well good food, period, for UC). For now, tho, I can't keep from going back to China Inn.The best Chinese delivery around me. Except for when ordering spicy things because they're never actually spicy (even when you add a note asking for it to be) delivery is usually very timely. Not sure what the actual restaurant is like since I've never actually been.I have to give this place four stars, for a few reasons.
-I'm vegetarian. China Inn is great for that. There's actually enough of a vegetarian menu that you won't get bored after three trips. I'm sure most vegetarians will agree, that's kind of a big deal.
-Huge portions. Ten bucks here will get me enough food for three meals. I'm a big fan of that.
-It's super fast. I live close enough by that I get takeout instead of delivery, and I have never waited more than about ten minutes, and that was just because they were pretty busy.
It doesn't look like much and if you want authentic keep moving. But if you just want plenty of fast Americanized Chinese food, China Inn is pretty good.This place does General Tso proud. The food is savory, the portions are generous, and the price is right. 
The service is awesome. The woman who runs the counter is lovely. She always makes sure to give you your free soda, sometimes two. I forgot that they only accept cash one time, so I showed up with my card and only a few bucks in my wallet. She gave me my food and let me pay her back the next day. That's how business is done.Their scallion pancakes are phenomenal. But, I ordered some beef chow mein and when it came there were no noodles. How do you mess that up? Despite no noodles, the beef and vegetables were very good. Give it a try, but tell them to add noodles.Delivery was slightly slow, but it was a Saturday night so I cut them some slack. The food was great and stayed well in the fridge for 2 days. Also good prices, especially the student specialThis used to be my go to Chinese place. it was cheap and fairly reliable and to a college student those were appealing traits. HOWEVER, tonight's food was so bad it drove me to write a bad review of this place to discourage others.
PROS:
8/10 orders will come in on time and be edible.
its cheap and delivers to UC
Cons:
often late by an hour
food is low quality even for Chinese(American) food and is often badly prepared. they use the same cookie cutter premade frozen crap every other place does but they aren't even creative enough to add their own touch. unless you count hints of dishwater as flavoring
my order was partially crumpled and my steamed dumplings had warped the container and absorbed all the flavorful Styrofoam chemicals. 
it was pouring rain and the driver made me walk out to him even though he was over an hour past the expected delivery time.
truth be told this is one bad experience out of many ok ones. and as someone in the foodservice industry it pains me to do this but sometimes places need to close so other stronger ones can prevail.
any money that you save here is better spent at a classier place. and were only talking a few dollars.
this is the first time in my life i have ever thrown out food that was still luke warm.This place is so hit or miss that I keep hitting and missing the one-star and the three-stars option, so I'll give it two stars. First of all, I'm glad there's a place that has imitation meat dishes that aren't just tofu chunks in a sweet sauce. I recommend the sweet and sour vegetarian "chicken" dish, and the kung pao vegetarian "chicken" dish. However, I got their lo mein with mock chicken and it was so bad I couldn't finish more than a few bites and felt like I'd wasted my ca$h. The noodles were way overcooked and the mock chicken has the consistency of those plastic things on the end of shoelaces. You know what I'm talking about. So, it tasted like it was made the morning before and left in the pot all night and day and then doused with some Yuck-o sauce and a sprinkle of Gross before being served on a plate of WTF. I'd much rather wait for a fresh batch to be made than pay for something that's not fresh.
Sometimes I've ordered their spring rolls and they're the best spring rolls I've ever had ever. Other times (someone please explain this to me) there are SHRIMP inside the spring rolls, even when I asked in my order "Are your spring rolls vegetarian?" 
SHRIMP.
IN THE SPRINGROLLS.
The steamed vegetable dumplings are very good, but still not as good as those served by a certain other Chinese place which I should not name because they're probably a competitor (New Number One).Food was good, sesame chicken was one of the better ones that I have tried.  The fried wontons were soggy though.  Very disappointed.  Otherwise, I would have given more stars if only they had a crunch to them.This is a reasonably priced place with friendly service & good food. They're open late, like most Chinese food places, and at a convenient & safe location. The lunch specials (12-3pm) are an awesome deal! You get a dinner sized meal, complete with rice & choice of soup for under $5.50. Buy before 3pm & save for dinner ; )China Inn is now my regular choice for Chinese take-out food.  They have a really good selection of vegetarian and meat options alike, in addition to a lot of appetizers (including crab rangoon!).
The vegetarian chicken mei fun is really, really good.  I tried a tofu dish once, and it was not as good as I expected.  Will be sticking to the fake-meat variety.I lived near China Inn while I was in school and have ordered from here multiple times. This place is hands down the best chinese takeout I've ever had. They make everything just right, not too sweet, not too salty, not too spicy, not to sauce-y. My favorite items to order from there: hot & sour soup (best hot & sour soup I've had anywhere (whether sit-down or take-out), singapore chow mi fun, pepper steak & onion, chicken and broccoli. I've never gotten anything there I did not like or finish. 
They also prepare the food very quickly.
For a chinese take-out spot, it's more than I could ask for and more.Tastiest Chinese around and for the best price. Always consistent with their menu! Best pork dumpling in West Philly. They are always delicious and MSG free as advertised on their menu!I just ordered here for the first time and was pleasantly surprised. The food was good, especially for the price. I had delivery and they arrived before the estimated time which made things even better.The food was 10 minutes late. It arrived hot and it smelled good through the bag but that was the highlight of the meal. The chicken and broccoli was mostly rice and broccoli. The chicken wings had a very foul smell, like some kind of chemical. The egg roll was the worst egg roll I've ever had in my entire life. The cheesesteak roll is just onions and a small amount of beef, no cheese! My beverage was not cold or even luke warm, it was hot. The few bites of the food I did take made me feel very sick. I will not be ordering from this place again.with all the other nearby chinese take outs around the west philly area, giving this place a 4 stars. Why? Because the price you pay for a dish like General Tso's chicken (which I recommend! ~8 dollars) matches the quality AND quantity of food.  I recommend getting their fried rice instead of white rice because they do make it well - good portion of mixed veggies and eggs in the rice and NOT too greasy as many other chinese take outs are.  Plus side is their dishes are claimed to be MSG free so you aren't as thirsty after shoving down all that chinese food takeout! 
Like many other chinese take out's, if you order 20 dollars or more, they usually have coupons on their paper menu or online ordering, which gives you free wontons, ect. Order with friends to meet the 20 dollar mark! Also recommend ordering from their lunch/dinner specials section to get the most bang for your buck.
Delivery is also pretty quick, enjoy!I ordered from here after reading my friend Abby's review (see below). I agree with her on all points - not authentic Chinese food, but fast delivery and generous portions.
I ordered the popular Westernized cuisine - General Tso's chicken combo platter (comes with pork fried rice and an egg roll), the Chinese pizza, shrimp toast and fried noodles.
The General Tso's chicken was not bad - you really get a lot for your money. Lots of sauce. The shrimp toast was awful and tasted like a lump of mildly shrimp-flavored fat. Not a lie, I took one bite and didn't want to eat anymore. The Chinese pizza could've used more scallion and was a bit chewy.
It's not great, but not awful - totally appropriate for a lazy day in.I've eaten here maybe 10 times in the past year and I have finally decided to never go back.
The food isn't horrible (what do you want for a $5 meal) but the service is terrible. Now, I'm not one for calling everyone who is rude to me or mine a racist but really, when the girl who looks nothing like me is greeted with a smile and a kind word and the people there pretty much throw my food at me and constantly try to swindle me out of whatever free soda, egg roll etc... I deserve, I can't help but feel like it has something to do with the way I look.
More than once my boyfriend (black man, dread locks, khakis and a polo, usually) has gone into this establishment and had to pretty much beg them to take his order. They stand in the kitchen looking at him refusing to coming out for upwards of 5 minutes. 5 minutes is an eternity when you're the only patron standing in a chinese take out place and there are about 9 people looking at you and nobody is doing anything.
ALL HELL breaks loose every time I want to use my Penncard to get the student discount. They inspect my ID so hard as if a)they are trained in identifying proper Penn IDs b)I need to save that extra $1.50 so badly that I'd fabricate a Penncard.
I'd rather walk a few extra blocks to the place on Baltimore or 48th and Spruce.Best China Inn is as good as it gets when you're talking take-out Chinese. Yes, the ambiance leaves a lot to be desired. Yes, the people behind the counter are rude. If you're looking for an experience, go elsewhere. 
BCI boasts a huge vegetarian menu, which is just fantastic - it's always a little sad to be banished to veggies-only or sad tofu when you've got a Chinese craving. In the regular ___-and-broccoli type dishes, I find the vegetarian beef to be much better than the chicken - vegetarian beef with broccoli or mixed vegetables is one of my go-tos when I've had a long day and I don't feel like cooking. Plus, I don't care how rude the folks behind the counter are - their vegetarian General Tso's chicken is so good they could call me a b**** to my face and I'd still buy it.
Huge portions. Cheap prices. Usually ready in no time flat. Give BCI the respect it deserves!I'm so in love with their spicy shrimp lomein, spicy fried rice and shrimp rolls .  I order from them on a regular both at work and from home as well.  They're quick when it comes to delivery too.My order was completely incorrect, and management neither offered to fully refund me nor send the correct food. Do not order from here, as you may literally find plastic in your food and be expected to just pick around it - or accept the loss of food. If you ask for a spring roll, and they don't actually send you a spring roll, don't expect for them to correct that either. My first and last time ordering from them.If I could give this place negative 10 stars, I would. After ordering from here many times and being a loyal customer, last night 6/30/16 I found a roach in my lomein. This place must have horrible health code violations to say the least!! STAY AWAY!! This is a terrible excuse for a Chinese food establishment.I'm not sure where all these photos of insects are coming up because I live next to this place and have never had anything other than decent Americanized Chinese food.
Not the most friendly establishment, but the food is alright. You're not greeted when you walk in, or acknowledged up until you order. There is a standard assortment of your deep fried wontons, chicken/beef and broccoli, and General Tso.
They have a student special for $6.75 that includes white/vegetable fried rice, a side (or drink), and a main dish.
The portions are large for around $5.50 a piece and fill you up. It's comparable to going to a food truck to get your fix. There's nothing that really makes this place special or different compared to the other Americanized Chinese food places in the area. It's not bad either. Good bang for your buck.We were looking for your average, run-of-the-mill Chinese food.  The food itself lived up to the deal; however, the customer service left something to be desired.  We ordered a beef & broccoli dish which upon delivery came in a teeny, tiny half-pint container.  Additionally, when ordering online, the website stated that most dishes do not come with rice and asked if we'd like to order some.  i ordered a side of rice.  When our meal was delivered, we had 3 containers of rice and the aforementioned tiny container of beef & broccoli.  When we called to let them know that only a half-pint was delivered, the woman on the phone told us we were wrong.  The portion was enough for only one of us--we'll be passing on China Inn moving forward.Food was delicious I had general tsos chicken & chicken/shrimp in garlic sauce. Shrimp were huge & cleaned they get 5 stars just for that nobody cleans shrimp any more which is a huge turnoff. I also ordered cheese steak rolls also good!! I will def order again. Thanks Best China InnThis is exactly what you would expect from a Chinese Takeout place. The food from here is pretty good and always served hot. The lunch special is a good deal and I usually get that. You can only use cash at this place which is a bit annoying but at least they have an atm in store.I tend to order from here as my local spot and I consider myself lucky. I can't speak for eating there but have had no problem with my delivery orders. They are cash only unless you use one of the online options like GrubHub. I have tried a few things and I am not disappointed. My only recommendation is if you want any sauces be specific when ordering!We've been through periods when we ordered a lot of delivery from Best China Inn. They have a fairly extensive vegetarian menu with mock meats.
Here's a summary of some of the dishes I've tried -- I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars:
VEGETARIAN: IMITATION MEAT
***^ Vegetarian Beef Ho Fun is solid, with good-textured rice noodles
*** Vegetarian Chicken with string beans
*** Vegetarian Beef with broccoli
**^ Vegetarian Beef Szechuan-Style was okay but bland
**^ Vegetarian General Tso's Chicken: just ok
** Vegetarian Chicken Szechuan-Style
** Vegetarian Moo Shu Chicken was bland and boring. The accompanying "pancakes" themselves were not a good texture.
* Vegetarian lemon chicken: worst thing I've had here, dry, horrid. I do not recommend.
Vegetarian Kung Po Beef
VEGETARIAN: OTHER
Eggplant with Garlic Sauce
Vegetarian Stir-Fried Bean Curd with Garlic Sauce
Vegetarian General Tso's Tofu
ANIMAL
***Pork Egg Roll: solid
**^ Roast Pork Fried Ricenicest delivery people & their food is pretty decent for a chinese restaurant . i like their egg drop soup a lot & would always order itI've never left a Yelp review before but it was necessary this time... Potential customers beware: I just placed a lunch order here for the office and found what look to be maggots in my steamed tofu and mixed vegetables. I called the restaurant for a refund on the entire order and they said all they could do was refund that item alone or send out a replacement. Other people had vegetables in their orders as well but the restaurant did not want to refund the whole order and of course we did not want any more food sent. The restaurant rushed me off the phone and expressed no concern whatsoever that there are bugs in their product. I hate to bash a restaurant like this but bugs in the food is unacceptable and disgusting- we won't be eating here again.This place truly is the best. I've ordered from them so many times and they are spot on EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. They consistently deliver on both quality and taste, bringing it steps above your standard take out. I rarely leave reviews but they really deserve 5 stars!I ordered beef with broccoli and sweet and sour chicken. They only gave me 1 tiny rice for my two orders. I honestly had low expectations for an Americanized Chinese food restaurant but what type of disrespect is this? I ordered sweet and sour chicken and you really gave me some fried meat with dipping sauce. I ordered sweet and sour chicken not chicken nuggets. Never ordering here again.If I could give no stars I would. I ordered via a food delivery service, Pork Chow Fun. In the space provided, for special instructions, I asked to make the dish, " just a little spicy. " What arrived was a dish that was so fiery hot, if it was possible, I could have breathed fire out my mouth, nostrils and ears. Needless, to say I was not a happy camper, at all. Also , to add insult to injury, the restaurant had closed, so I was unable to reach them about my order, and the following day,  they are closed all day. So, it's going to be in terms of hours a total of at least two days before I can ask for a refund, for this inedible order.Huge fan of their General Tso's chicken here. Big portion, food always taste fresh and delicious, and always fast service. Def recommend!Food is ok. Service is terrible. I asked for a combo plate they said they can't do that with the items that I wanted. They then proceed to charge and give me a large in everything. I understand the pandemic hit some
Businesses hard but that was unnecessary and a little disrespectful.