I've been there maybe about three times my first time was the best then it was downhill from there we never have anything you want there so overwhelmed by the time you get your pizza it's cold ,just because they became more popular service has gone down hill I recommend that you never go hereMy new "go to" place for pizza downtown!  
Delicious, creative, and simply big ass pizza. Friendly staff, clean restaurant. What more could you ask for to satisfy your afternoon or late night pizza cravings?I saw an Insider Video on Facebook about how I HAD to go here and eat their big ass slices and I was very intrigued because the food looked so good but I went on a Wednesday like at 5pm and the service wasn't that good, I felt ignored and then the pizza I get at my campus tasted 3 times better than theirs... they didnt have all the options they "offer" so I was pushed to just the classics and the pizza tasted dry because it has been sitting there so long. 
Idk if it's the fact that I went on a bad day or something but for a first experience it wasn't goodI stopped at the Big Ass pizza place. Got a slice, took one bite, and tossed it. They have some nerve to charge $3 a sliceIt had to be 2:30 a.m. with a line out the door. I recognize that it was the end of night and pushing closing time, but the "Big Ass Slices" were not "Big Ass Slices." 
It actually reminded me of the "No soup for you" guy. How dare a customer ask for more than one slice or something other than cheese. By the time I got up to the counter, they started cutting the slices in half and still wanting to charge the "Big Ass Slice" price. 
It was late and people were drunk, but don't skimp on your normal size slice and expect people to pay the same. Especially when you see other patrons receiving the normal sized slices. The pizza is okay...it served its purpose, but it's no Lorenzo's or Lazaro's.Big Ass pizza is very good. Fresh ingredients, quality ingredients and good customer service. Will reccomend to friends. I had the chorizo, roasted pepper and vadlia onion white pizza. YUMMY!Taste good. Prefer the dough to be crispy and more sturdy to hold while biting. Ratio of sauce and cheese good. Sauce not sweet just tomatoey like it should be. Need to improve a bit on dough to be thinner, crispier and less like pretzel. Overall rather goodI travel the county and eat a lot of pizza. This place is the real deal. Buffalo chicken is unreal. Def recommend to my friends if ever in PhillyYou will not get a 'big ass slice' at all.  I was expecting a big slice like you actually get at Lorenzo's on south st.  The price is the the same, but the slice is just regular.  Slices look nothing like their promotional pics!!! The pizza taste nothing special.
Just wait in line at Lorenzos practically around the corner!  You will not be disappointed like you will at this Big Ass Slices.  Even the server was rude and could care less!!!! 
Bottom line:
regular slice size and expensive for what you get.  GO to Lorenzos!It was a lot better when it was Soho! Now, the pizza has simply gone downhill - and as mentioned in other reviews, poor service (even when the place is empty). 
The pizza is now lukewarm, soggy, greasy, and limp. No more deliciously crusty bottom. Just soggy raw dough. 
The service is basically "we can't be bothered to help you". Want to ask what a slice's toppings are because it's hidden from view? Forget it. You're treated like a jerk just for asking. 
Loved it before, it's a shame it's gone so downhill!Maybe I just got lucky, but I stopped in on a Sunday afternoon, only one other customer there, got my big ass slice of pepperoni and sausage right away, and was in heaven minutes later! The pizza had the perfect bread, cheese, grease, delicious ratio and I plan to return for sure.A Slice is slightly big (maybe) but quality of ingredients is bit of a compromise. 
Spicy variety is good here but rest of the options are just okay. 
On meat varieties the slices are filled with sauce and scanty meat!!
The advantage is you have clean place to sit down and eat!!If you're interested in low quality service and options ... Come here. Granted it was later in the evening, however, their hours indicated they were open for business and if I see that I assume they are willing, ready and capable to serve the pizza they offer.
I asked for a simple few slices of pepperoni and sausage that were listed on the menu and this wasn't available. We settled for a slice that had sat out for sometime with sausage cheese and peppers (I was pretty hungry and had waited in line for 20 minutes) and two chicken bacon ranch slices ( in their terminology a "big" slice) the woman taking our order appeared to understand since she explained all the available slices. 
Upon trying to obtain the slices, two people behind me were served prior to us. The topper, was the employee who harassed us the entire time we were trying to get the food we ordered. He indicated the girl who took our order could no longer help us (even though she was the only girl we spoke to). Additionally, he referenced my husband as someone else. This is the first and last time I will visit this establishment.
I was notified upon cashing out, the gentleman helping us was a "bouncer". Why he was behind the counter, I'm unaware. I would suspect most restaurants would not want to deter their patrons as he did, needless to say, I will never return.I'm not impressed with big ass slices  my pisses had way to much garlic in it and not enough pineapple and ham  on the pizza  funny they say big ass slices and my pizza was five bucks for one slice and it was small as he'll won't be going there againThe pizza is good, but not amazing. They have a lot to choose from and the staff is really polite. It's nice to go to if you're in the neighborhood and want something quick.the chicken bacon ranch pizza is very good. priced ok for the slices.I normally come here for a plain " big ass " slice, which never fails. Today I opted for the BBQ chicken which tbh was a bit of a disappointment. 
I normally come here after a night of drinking because what's a better option when you're drunk and it's 1 am. Always opting for the plain or the pepperoni and always content. Venture out into the others and it gets a little tricky. 
This isn't the best pizza in town but far from.the worst. I'm only taking one star away on account of my BBQ chicken. Also, $10 bucks for a big ass slice and a water bottle seems ...well you know ridiculous but given that it's Olde City, I'll chalk it up to being downtown.The pizza is 4-5 star quality. I've gotten barbecue chicken twice and cheese once. The big ass slices are the size of quarter of a pizza pie! The ingredients are good quality and they don't skimp. Very tasty and filling. A big ass slice of barbecue chicken was about $7.50, which I don't think I've ever paid for before for one slice, but that was enough for a whole meal. It's not one of those dainty pizza places.
Very casual dining, with a few seats and a round table in the back. They have bathrooms and 3 TVs. When I went they were showing Sunday night football, loved it. 
Like any pizza place, don't get slices that have been sitting out all day. They are always dry. Always get what they recently cooked up!Huge ass slice, a little flimsy but just a grade A slice right here guys. Well worth the visit.This place has great pizza. I come here when I am in Philadelphia and always get a couple of slices. 2 slices take up two paper plates. Prices are what you expect in the city.Went during the day...3 dollars per slice. Went at night after a few beers...8 dollars a slice. The guys behind the counter were egging each other on to see how much they could charge us!! As if I don't live here and don't hear you!!?! I don't get it. Screw these dishonest and rude people. Not to mention it was 11 at night and it smelled like marijuana in the doorway. WeirdGot a big slice of plain for $4.50 which seemed like two slices put together (basically 1/4 of a pizza). It was thin and there was more crust than cheese. Didn't really fill me up. 
Also, I was harassed by another customer (he didn't look like an employee). That didn't contribute positively to my experience here.This is the best pizza in Philly. The slices are HUGE and sooo good. Sometimes I just crave a slice of pizza from Big Ass. Then add an order of tater tots and I'm in heaven! Definitely worth a trip!!Lovedddd this place! Im from NY but this pizza spot in Philly beats a few places out here. Definitely recommend itReally good local place! The pizza is very good and satisfactory, the atmosphere is nice, and the service is good. I recommend trying this place out next time you're in Philly!1. On the bland side, though definitely better and more varieties than Lorenzo's on South St.  2. If you order the "big ass slice" and look forward to handling that super large handful, specifically tell them NOT to slice it in half (otherwise, they will-- buzzkill).A really cool and hip pizza place right in the heart of Old City!  They're not kidding when they say "big ass slices". You really get the bang for your buck. Not to mention the pizza is super fresh and delicious! There's always a wide variety of flavors and toppings. Bring your friends, too, because they have both indoor and outdoor seating. If you're looking for a great (and BIG) slice of pizza, I would highly recommend! (They also offer smaller slices too!)I'll be concise.
1. Lukewarm pizza.
2. Became sick after eating here. I was not the only person from my group who had this issue.
This was not my choice for late night food, nor will it be in the future. I'm not even going to comment on their business name of choice. I guess I just did by saying that. Ah, well.
Basically, just no. I like pizza hot, and I don't like to feel ill after eating it.For you spicy lovers out there, I highly recommend the Big ass slice of Pico de Gallo for $7. Let them know to make it well done/crispy. You won't regret it ;)Blah. This place is officially the worst. I went there a couple of weeks ago and I bought a slice of white and a slice of bbq. The crust was dry and the BBQ sauce tasted store bought. The white pizza was equally as dry and it tasted like they just sprinkled shredded mozzarella and topped it with dry Italian seasoning. At $4.50 a slice this place isn't worth it sober or drunk. That last sentence is important. How discriminating are you when you're drunk eating? Exactly. It's that bad. Avoid at all costs.So a while back I left a negative review and now I'm back to write a good review. The issue I had (no plain/pepperoni/normal pizza) has been fixed every time I go there and the guy who's there always remembers what I want. Way to make things right, guys.Quick service, excellent slice, good price. One slice fed all three of my kids and kept them from turning into hangry monsters.Pizza is awesome, the slices are HUGE. My boyfriend and I got a large ass pizza of pepperoni and extra cheese. It was so good that we were filled quickly and had to take the rest Home.Boring flavorless pizza, the "big" slice is just 2 slices uncut. Nothing special here.Food is great. I loved every flavor pizza I tried. Been here a lot lately. I've eaten the pepperoni, fettuccini, veggie, bbq and buffalo. I loved them all.This place was really good before until some idiot decided to remove the brick oven and went to a regular pizza oven. The pizza has no flavor it was horrible and boring. I don't recommend it. Not going back!My meeting in Olde City had ended and I was hungry. 
My options were plentiful- excellent cheese steaks, hot roast beef sandwiches, Cuban food, Cajun food - pretty much anything I could want was right there. 
Then, I saw the sign and my choice for where to eat was made for me  : Big Ass Slices. 
I'm a sucker for a slice of pizza pie. 
Now mind you, I had not realized this subset of pizza was really a thing: humongous slices of pizza pie.  But looking at the many huge pizza pie slice choices at Big Ass Slice it dawned on me - there really are other pizzerias that compete in the ginormous slice arena. I never realized that. 
For a long time, I thought Lorenzo's and Sons on South Street was the ONLY shop in the ridiculously large slice category. They only sell plain slices and numerous times I have waited in line due to an attack of the munchies late in the night.
Big Ass Slice has about 12-14 different pies to choose from besides plain such as buffalo chicken, veggie etc but I had to try the plain slice to see how they compare.
To begin with, the slice was BIG. Really big. It took three plates to contain it, although that was because the plates were those cheap, flimsy white plates that have been used as pizza slice plates since Pizza Shops started selling slices. 
The slice actually tasted alright. Sure, it dripped grease like a leaky car engine during the  fold and eat process but the cheese was tasty and the crust wasn't bad. 
No - This isn't NY Style crispy thin crust we are talking about here. This was droopy with a lame main crust in the back. 
But to me it blew away the tasteless plain slice of Lorenzo - at least during daylight hours when there was no alcohol in my system or blues music from the Twisted Tail ringing in my ears.
Would I ever make this a destination stop like Beddia or Pizza Brain? 
No way. 
But, if I ever find myself in Olde City around lunch time and looking for something fast to eat, I just might stop in again for another big ass slice. 
I give it 4 stars in the big ass slice category but only 2.5 when grading against the best pizzerias in the town.Delicious pizza, the crust was nice and thin. The people were extremely friendly and the service was quick and wonderful. Definitely stop by if you're in need of a great slice!This places cracks me up. Love the name and shop. Very small and cozy inside. Standard fast food pizza that I think is pretty great. I just love that the slices are so big. Makes things more fun.Buffalo chicken slice was decent until I woke up the next morning with food poisoning. Don't risk getting sick and stay away from this place.Went in to grab a slice with my co-workers at lunch. We had the worst customer service experience ever. The women behind the counter didn't offer to help us , didn't acknowledge anything. We spent 20 mins trying to get a slice. Not worth itMy fav place to get lunch. The customer service is AMAZING. So friendly. 
Their pizza is sooooo good and the slices are definitely big ass.
I'd recommend this place to anyone and everyonePizza was not bad. Above mediocre but not great. Quite big, but not abnormally large. About the equivalent of two slices, so if you're like me you may need to order 2 or a small ass slice to go with it. Very friendly service, would most likely return.Crust is not crispy. A very average , maybe below average slice. I'm searching for decent pizza close to work and this isn't it. I do like the thick pepperoni though.The slices were ok. Not great ..... pizza crust was floppy and not crispy at all . The Breakfast slice tasted dry and old .. The only positive was the cashier / waitress was very nice and the place was clean . There were no other employees visible just the girl who waited on us .Went here for a quick bite. Pizza comes out quick. The slices are really big. $5.50-7.00. We got the pepperoni and buffalo chicken. They were okay. Probably wouldn't come back. It's more of a place to go after drinking.Super friendly workers. The pizza is huge but it's not the best I've had. Wish it was a little more crispier and cheesier. However, the garlic bread is not good at all it was way too chewy.Came into Big Ass Slices and was greeted with a gigantic smile by Kayla! The customer service was great & welcoming! The pizza taste was great also!!!The only reason this gets 2 stars is because they had a variety of options. Went to Big Ass Slice on a tip from Facebook. Flash forward:  
Ordered: 1. Big ass slice cheesteak, 2. Small cheese, 3. Small veggie. 
The "big ass" cheesteak was literally two small slices not cut into two. The meat was dry and lifeless, didn't taste like beef. 
The veggie slice had diced tomatoes, red onion and broccoli. No flavor whatsoever.
The plain cheese slice was tasteless, thank goodness for the shaker of powder garlic. 
All together, cheese had no flavor, sauce had NO flavor, dough was too doughy for how little sauce they put on it. Would not recommend if you are a person who likes flavor, don't order from here. Or bring a bottle of hot sauce with you to kick it up a notch. Don't sit inside, you'll die from heat exhaustion on a summer day. Bathroom looked and smelled like a horse stall filled with month old dry hay. Your welcome.The big slice size of their pizza is basically what makes this place special. However, it doesn't taste anything out of the ordinary. I got the mushroom pizza (big slice). It was a somewhat bland pizza, I had to add many red pepper flakes and garlic powder to bring out the taste. Overall, the pizza is quite filling. 
The service was really quick and may not be the best but it is a grab to go bite type of place so that doesn't bother me too much. It doesn't have much seats inside. Parking around the area is easy (parking meters).This place is awesome we come here after canvassing it's a great way to fill up really fastThis is my pizza place of choice at lunchtime during the work week. Even though the line gets long, the staff is good at managing the flow so that customers don't wait more than 10 minutes.
The pizza slices are large and are not served so hot that they burn your tongue (good for inhaling as you run back to work). The pizza is pretty run of the mill taste-wise--the sauce and the toppings aren't stand out. Some of the flavor combos on the pizzas look good and I'll have to try others--in particular their meat lovers' looks good. 
I like that they focus on just serving pizza, although I miss the stellar chocolate chip cookies Soho used to have. However, they retained the combo from the Soho days where you get two slices and a soda for ~$6, so I don't mind too much.Pretty average. I stopped by on the evening of St. Patrick's Day, and the people in line were pretty obnoxious especially the girls who wore the green wigs in front of me. They were loud, drunk and vulgar. (Ladies, it's not ok to act like classless slobs in public!) The guys working there look like they were so over it, and it showed in their service. They were rushing just to get rid of the line, so pizzas were coming out warm and the pizzas sit on the counter until they can process the next customer. It's also a small place, so it even made the experience even worse. Very cramp, and not a lot of pizza choices. Needless to say, I was not really impressed.Blech. Dry, burnt, tasteless. Ellio's frozen pizza is better. Waste of money and calories.This pizza was DELICIOUS!! Crispy, flavorful and gooey cheese! The service was just as good as the pizza! So hospitable, and friendly! Next time we're in Philly, we will definitely go!I would not recommend this place to anyone. I ordered Buffalo chicken pizza. I was served white pizza with some rubbery chicken; I asked for some buffalo sauce and was told that would cost me $1 extra (even tho there was none on my pizza). After a very bad experience, we Ubered home and our driver said "anyone who recommends that place deserves to be shot". I haven't heard a more accurate statement in 2017.One of the worst places if you want to get late night pizza . The white guy in the white cutoff gave his boys the Pizza for free at 2:40am when they say they close at 3am. The manager might be the worst person in the world and tries to rip off Customers. If I were the paneer I'd fire him. He is trash and the restaurant is a reflection of him. Which is trash.After a horrible experience at marmont I just wanted something quick, and hopefully good. This pizza exceeded expectations. I got the BBQ chicken and it may have been the best BBQ chicken pizza I've ever had. The BBQ sauce they use has is tangy and sweet the perfect combo of sweet and spicy. My boyfriend got the pepperoni which was also pretty good. Cashier was friendly and the gentleman who cut my pizza hooked up my "little ass slice". Definitely worth a try and next time I'll save myself the headache and stop here first.There was a huge sign advertising tots- big a** tots. You I was so excited because they looked amazing. There were no tots at 8pm on a Saturday. Really? No no cheese options so I got terrible cinnamon knots (out of reg garlic knots too) with no dipping sauce. Horrible experience. Only reason why I gave 2 stars was because the lady gave me caramel sauce(which wasn't good) after they finally payed attention and I was 3/4 way done eating.Didn't care for the knots. Couldn't try the tots. But I LOVED the Big Ass pepperoni slice. That pillowy soft, perfectly-textured "crust" is what pizza dreams are made of! And that's coming from a New Yorker!Wow - the name says it all!!!  The best pizza ever!!! The size is humongous and the taste is unbeatable!!! Classic New York Pizza in historic Philadelphia!!!  Highly recommend - late until 3 AM Friday & Saturday!!! Check it out - you will not be let down!!It's been awhile since I came back. Tried the chicken bacon range pizza and it's delicious. The dough is an easy 10 . Will come back more often whenever I'm in Old CityTerrible.
Customer service - zero
Girl at the register need serious customer service training if they're gonna charge that kind of $$
BigAzz slice? More like a bigAzz ripoff.
Or maybe it depends in who the customer is to get an actual BigAzz slice.Decent pizza at this end of Olde City. The Philly Cheesesteak is great with peppers, onions, mushrooms and provolone cheese....when they have it because they are almost always out of it and "aren't making any more today ". Cashiers are nice but the order taker has issues understanding English.  I asked for a "Big Ass Cheesesteak" and he told me we don't sell them here! If it wasn't for the cashier, this would have been my last visit. Nice place for the late.night bar crowd.I LOVE the pizza here. Great price and they always have so much variety. It's usually a lunch spot for me but lately ive been going there after I go out in Old City. Oops! I'm excited to try their tots because I've been hearing good things. Would definitely recommend to people visiting or living in the area!The picture speaks for itself. The pizza used to be great, back when it was Soho. My job used to order 8-10 at a time for events or just for lunch. Just look at this slice (chicken, sun dried tomato and arugula), the chicken was bone dry, cheese is very cheap. Even after adding garlic, pepper flakes and oregano, the pizza was very bland. I never throw food away, but I couldn't waste the calories on this. Head to Gianfranco's instead.Pizza was utterly without taste, and it cost $4.25! Yuck. Definitely would recommend you stay away. There's much better food to be had in this neighborhood for the same price.I'm here for lunch every day. Closest to boardwalk pizza there is in Philly. Mmmm....Delicious pizza, great staff, fun for the whole family.  Kids are happy to be able to say ass without getting in trouble.I don't know why this place has so many negative reviews. Yeah, their pizza is overpriced, but what do you expect from a super tourist-y area?
Having grown up in Philly, my opinion is that a lot of quick, greasy pizza spots taste the same. But Big Ass Slices is refreshing. Their tomato sauce is tasty and their vegetables/meat taste fresh. Their chicken is on the dry-er side and it isn't great, but the homemade BBQ sauce (which they generously apply to the pizza - unlike a lot of pizza shops' dry BBQ pizza) makes up for it. Also -- best crust. Their dough has a slight sweetness to it, and the crust is nice and garlic-y. I stop here a few times a month.
Poor customer service? Leave those kids alone. Most of them are pretty young and they're working their asses off. If you had to deal with rambunctious (and let's face it -- rude) drunk people til 3 am, you'd be cranky sometimes too. I've never been less than content with the service. Even when they staff isn't in the friendliest mood, the service is short, sweet, and to the point. I'm not there to have my ass kissed. I'm just trying to eat some good pizza.If I could have given it zero stars, I would have. Service was terrible. They close much earlier than posted. They are extremely rude. 10/10 do NOT recommend. Save your Uber ride for McDonald's as a reliable sourceHere's some advice.  If you're a delivery guy and you call to verify delivery and the person doesn't answer, pick up your freaking phone!!Then refused to re deliver due to "security issues". What a bunch of shit.  Sadly didn't get a chance to taste Pizza and never willPizza was oily and way too thin. They stacked a couple slices on plates on top of each other making a mess. Go to Old City Pizza instead, hundred times better.Pizza was terrible, one slice spread out over 2 to charge more, all crust, and crust wasn't good. No much cheese and rubbery tasteless. No sauce basically. I paid 13.00 for 2 slices of this pizza. My advice is do not go here.We moved to Philly in Jan and have gone to many Pizza places. We are picky about finding good pizza. Big Ass Slices has figured it out. Hot, fresh, great variety and most importantly delicious.If you think this pizza is good , then think again The big ass slices are essentially just two slices but they cut it as one. I can name 20 spots just in philly better than here. Crust flimsy not crusty, sauce little taste, cheese is eh. I won't be back because I like quality taste over anything.Came here today for the first time and it was amazing! Pizza was fresh and hot. I was served by Kayla and DJ and they were both amazing and have great customer service skills.I will definitely be coming back!!!Great customer service and delicious, huge slices! Try the big ass whiz tots! Service was super quick tooFun area for us while visiting , Penn's landing was close plus many other attractions all within walking distance.
This is the late night pizza to me.I'm here every few days for my pizza and garlic knot addiction.  Yes, they are still open for food and delivery during quarantine thank god! Owner and employees super friendly and always super fast. Place is extremely clean and staff taking all precautions to keep food and surfaces safe.