Not sure why Yelp is saying that the majority of 5-star reviews for Big Catch aren't recommended-super sketchy on Yelp's part, but this place is awesome. We've come here a few times now and the food and service are always good. The fish is fresh and the toppings are plentiful, and their sauces are very unique. The owners is always willing to let you try things and will tell you if a combo you want to won't be good. Beyond psyched to have a great poke place down the street!This place is delicious! I stopped by today to  grab a menu and they offered me samples and all their signature sauces. All 3 were great but the black sesame was My favorite. I ordered them for delivery a few hours later. So good and a great addition to the neighborhood.Welcome Big Catch Poke to East Passyunk Crossing. Life just keeps getting better, and served over brown rice too.Was basically just rice. I got the 3 protein bowl but barely had a few pieces of protein each. I asked for extra sauce but still found the bowl mostly dry. For 15 bucks expected more.I got the make your own with 3 proteins- double ahi tuna and salmon. The quality was good but I've had better poke bowls. The toppings were chopped too large so it did not blend well with all the ingredients. The mango was delicious. It was definitely filling and filled to the brim, although there was a lot of rice. I had the sriracha aioli which I enjoyed but I did not think it was spicy. The lady working there is very nice and she will give you extra sauce on the side if you ask for it.I got a salmon poke salad for dinner tonight. This place is adorable and the people working were lovely. Everything is very fresh. I tried there green sauce which was a departure for me and it was light and herbaceous. I am so happy to have delicious poke in the neighborhood. Welcome!!This restaurant recently opened. The interior decor was refreshing, the layoutdesigned for quick eats. They do have a patio for large siy in groups. I tried the all fish poke bowl with the counut sauce, the balance was perfect.  Btw unlimited toppings! Ask for the dry squid. Dont look for it on the menu it's not on the menu, yet.So glad they are here in the East Passyunk Business Distract. The shop look so chic and the patio seating so cozy.  The food so fresh and they offer unlimited topping and unlimited crunches. Right Now they having grand opening special 25% until 12/31/19. The offer fresh juice and fresh sugarcanes juice.Soooo soooo good and fresh! I've been craving raw fish lately and was happy to find out (via yelp) that this poke spot was so close to me. I got the big bowl combo A which comes with miso soup and a soda for $14. The miso soup is delicious! The bowl itself is freaking HUGE. My picture does not do it justice. I was not expecting it to be this big, two people could easily split this and order another soup and a couple of bao buns. The woman who was working when I went in was so freaking nice. Like unbelievably friendly, we had a nice little conversation while I built my bowl. Great food, great prices, great portions, and great service. I will definitely be back. I hope this place can weather this COVID storm because I know they're going to do well on passyunk.My wife and I came in on Saturday Evening. It's definitely a cute little spot. The Service is super friendly and nice! They let us try some of their sauces before making a decision. Their mind eraser along with their sweet and sexy was my favorite. We were able to try some of the sauces before we made a decision. I had the tuna, my wife had the salmon and my sister in law had the shrimp. There was alot of rice in the bowl. The proteins had a small scoop in it. The tuna wasn't bad. I've definately had better at other places. The unlimited toppings were a huge plus. I loved that. The mango drink they had was really good and they were happy to accomodate for extra sauces. Overall it wasn't bad but then it wasn't completely stand out. I wish they would had balanced the protein a bit more with the rice. I definately felt like i had like 1/3 of the rice left by the time i finished eating my protein. The scoop size of the protein seemed really small. Overall wasnt bad. The Sauces were the best part of the bowl.This place is so good. Sophia was extremely helpful as she allowed us to sample three of their signature sauces before deciding which combination we were getting for our poke bowls. There are many fresh ingredients to choose from, and the free toppings also include the crab salad and the macadamia nuts. They have an adorable patio that you can sit and eat your food in the back. We will definitely come back. On top of everything they have bubble tea! What a wonderful find!Delicious poke. Went there for my first time. Cute little place. 4 seating high chairs at the front. Patio in the back for warmer days. Courtesy lemon water if you're not getting a drink with your meal. They do have a lunch special which is one protein poke and a 22 oz drink that I will come back and try. The poke I got was a good amount and they do give you unlimited toppings. Everything was well prepared and freshly made. I wish them the best of luck on Passyunk Ave and will be back in a few weeks.In light of a recently terrible Poke experience, I want to shout out this restaurant. Last week, I got a take-out order of a two-fish build-your-own Poke bowl that was simply phenomenal. The bowls are HUGE and the toppings are unlimited.  With this place, the Poke world is your oyster (no actual oysters included though). I was a big fan of their Sriracha Aoili and their salmon and tuna tastes as fresh as it can get. I was in a flavorfully blissful state after eating. Such a great experience! Other places should take notes...I got a custom bowl, and I was not disappointed! The toppings were fresh and melded together well. I didn't get too much in my bowl, but it was still filling. The milk tea was average; not super creamy, and the boba was very soft. Still satisfies a boba craving, though. Only complaint is that since the milk tea cup uses a detachable lid and was wrapped only in saran wrap, some spilled to the bottom of the bag. Just be careful if you order for pick up and get milk tea. Otherwise, great all around, we'll definitely be back!I am so glad stopped by last night. Excellent service and food is delicious! I love their special sauces specially the Jalapeño base whixh is what they call the mind eraser ... another good one is secret weapon and vinegar black sesame.... will be back again definitely!!!Yummy!!!!!! Delicious goodness. I've been here too many times after my first experience. If ever me and my bf don't want to cook, we're like "poke?" And its a resounding yes. Fresh ingredients and friendly staff. Sometimes they forget stuff like sauce or soup but just open the bag and do a double check. Its worth it.WOW. I was craving sushi, but my husband wanted something more filling. We decided a poke bowl would be a good compromise. I'm so glad Big Catch Poke popped up on Yelp. Usually I get poke bowls from other places and never finish it because the quality isn't great and that grosses me out with fish. Not a problem here! I DEVOURED my salmon bowl. I can't explain how good this place is! And you get unlimited toppings! They have fresh mango and macadamia nuts so I am sold. We also got their fresh bubble tea. My husband loves that it isn't too sweet. I can't wait to get pick up again!I love the poke bowls here! I get one almost once a week. Very fresh, affordable and arrives quickly when I order it. The staff was very nice when I came in to order pre-covid too. I will continue to get my poke bowls here!!I couldn't wait for this place to open!  I love the variety they have and everything is super fresh!  A lot of poke places don't have scallops which I love or the Kamaboko fish cakes which I have been dying to try so I was happy to see both on the menu.  They also have a great selection of different sauces.  Big Catch Poke offers generous portions for reasonable prices.  The owner Christine is super friendly and the place is immaculate.  This will definitely be a regular lunch spot for me!I love this place, the fresh poke and all the interesting toppings are terrific. But..since there is no sushi place on Passyunk or in the surrounding area ....perhaps you could consider offering sushi on the menu as well? It would be so popular and bring in so many new customers. 
I read an article in the WSJ today about sushi saving restaurants across America and it made me think of this place. Thx  
https://www.wsj.com/articles/everyone-wants-sushi-to-go-and-its-saving-some-restaurants-11612620000?page=1Excellent Poke place!
Service- Attentive, very nice and helpful. She offered all the home made sauces for me to try which were amazing, especially the house sauce and ghost sauce. 
Food- I got the poke bowl special which came with a soda and miso soup for $12 something. It was very decent and filling portions, I love how many topping options there were and that I could have unlimited. I don't like going to any Poke place where toppings are limited.. thats just wrong. Anyways, the flavors tasted fresh, and I even tried a new kind of seaweed I hadn't had before and really enjoyed it. Only complaint here is I don't drink soda or tea so I wish it wasn't an upcharge for bottle water/chocolate milk.
Atmosphere- Your typical poke place. There was a nice sitting area across the street that I ate at. Enjoyed my alone time.Lovely addition to the neighborhood. So affordable for so much food.  The service is friendly, the food is fresh, and the sauces are delicious (my personal favorite being Mind Eraser). Their lunch deal is unbeatable.It's a nice and clean place. Very friendly staff. You can build your own or choose from the signature bowls. 
I took a star down because the bowl is not full. I ordered both the salad and rice base. The container is made of plastic instead of environmentally friendly cardboard. 
On the good side, the eel is awesome. It's served warm with great flavor. The fish is fresh too with unlimited toppings. 
Free WiFi and complimentary water.I have never had a bad meal from Big Catch Poke.  The portions in the poke bowls are generous and the food is always fresh.  They added bao to the menu and it is quality as well.  Highly recommended!With my favorite poke place closing during the pandemic, Big Catch is my new fave. Fast delivery.The staff is super duper friendly. Great vibes. Fast. Bowls are sublime... drinks are refreshing. Cold honey lemon juice is soooooooo tight. A+++++Found a local poke shop that serves an amazing poke bowl.
Both me and my wife appreciate that they provide us with a sample of their special sauce.
Good service and easy to navigate online orderI am so excited to have this spot in the neighborhood! Our service was so courteous and efficient, the restaurant was spotless, and our bowls were absolutely delicious. The Mind Eraser sauce is amazing! We were even given a free Bubble Tea to try as I picked up my order an hour before closing and the owner didn't want it to go to waste. Such a great experience - can't wait to go back soon!Great new spot. Staff is awesome and load you up to the brim.  Extremely friendly. The food is super fresh with lots of sauce and topping options. 
5/5.Probably the best poke. The girl who worked there when we came in (Sofia) was the sweetest. 10/10 would recommendI grabbed dinner shortly after Big Catch opened and was so impressed! I loved sampling the different sauce options - the house specialty sauces are all really delicious especially the Mind Eraser sauce. Great portion sizes and the woman working behind the counter was very sweet and helpful. The place is spotless too. I'm looking forward to going again!Came here on a really rainy day and got the lunch special: created my own bowl and got an oolong milk bubble tea. It was a generous helping and I sat out back in the patio seating, which had clear plastic tarps to block out the rain while letting in natural light. The young woman who worked the counter also turned on the heat lamp for me and I sat by it for a cozy, solo lunch listening to the rain. A wonderful end to a stressful week. Will definitely go when I get the hankering again!So many options, fresh, delicious, fairly priced especially with all of the unlimited toppings, nice atmosphere, great tables on the back patio :) cool little spot.Big catch poke is a BIG catch for sure. I came here with my sister and we each ordered a make your own bowl with one protein each. There were a bunch of different sauces and we didn't know what some of them tasted like, so the girl offered to let us try them! Yum! They were so good and not too spicy for us. I filled my bowl up to the top with most of the ingredients offered. The salmon was fresh and delicious. Also i did half white rice and half brown rice which was a nice option. I also got a milk tea which was tasty and not too sweet. It was in a paper cup so I didn't know if there were bubbles or not, but i was pleasantly surprised to find out there were  Great little spot!Don't order through a delivery service. I ordered a 3-scoop bowl and there's literally not even an ounce of fish in it. Not even enough to feed a small child. Absolutely ridiculous, and the restaurant refused to acknowledge it with GrubHub. Beware, they will rip you off if you're not standing in front of them.Pretty disappointed that they didn't have avocado or the freshly squeezed grapefruit juice on the menu. They also didn't have the other jasmine green tea either. The server was very apologetic which I appreciate but it doesn't make up for a bad experience for a first time. I wasn't told about unlimited toppings or etc. I wasn't told that dining in is just the same as take out except you grab a seat in the back while they were moving boxes, yelling and  etc. It was just awkward.. As for the food itself ? It was just okay. Too much rice and ratio is off . I sat until my daughter finished and anxiously waited to leave. I don't think I'll be coming back.RUDE! RUDE! RUDE! I've never been treated with such rudeness at a restaurant in my entire life! The woman behind the counter was basically yelling at me the whole time, with rude attitude, not just talking loudly, but talking rudely and with attitude! First she asked (rudely from the beginning) "what kind of base do you want", I didnt understood what she said and I gently asked to repeat and she yelled rudely (again, not just loudly!) "WHT DO YOU WANT, WHITE RICE, BROWN RICE, GREEN RICE" and I said "oh sorry...yeah brown", then she asked what protein and I said salmon, then I saw her putting the salmon in a wooden bowl and I said -oh sorry, I need it "to go", sorry if I didn't say it- and she replied (again with impatient attitude and rudeness) "I know it's to go! see? i'm gonna put it here!", pointing at a 'to go container'. Then I was apologizing saying that I was confused by the wooden bowl and she stopped me asking (very rudely) to put up my face mask, as it slightly slipped just down my nose while I was embarrassedly talking (NOTE: my mouth was completely covered all the way up to my short mustache and I am fully vaccinated btw!). I just couldn't stay there and have this person abuse me with attitude and rudeness to the point of making me feel really uncomfortable, you know that feeling? And I can take rudeness, oh yeah if I can! but this was too much so I told her not to worry about it and left the place immediately and disgusted. My wife used to take out poke bowls from this place several times since they opened, as we live just next block, but after tonight they will never see our face again! Unbelievable!
UPDATE: unfortunately Yelp doesn't make me respond to the lies she wrote below in response. I can't believe she even had the courage to respond like that, not apologizing after KNOWING how everything really went. Rude and lier. What's wrong with this woman? "Mutual respect"?, "I became impatient"? I can't believe it! I'm so disgusted! I wish I had a recording! 
To the manager: if you have security cameras (and you do), post the entire video with audio! You would never do that! 
I hope many more unfortunate customers will take the time to write a review on how rude and abusive you are and now, since you are also disgustingly lying, accusing me falsely, I will be reporting you to the BBB as well so you can show them your video recordings (although I bet you'll erase them immediately!).I can't get enough of this place! The quality is amazing and the ingredients are so fresh. I live in the neighborhood and can't believe it took me try it! Highly recommend.Came here tonight for the first time and I'm already hooked. First impressed when I walked in that it was sooooooo clean. The man who helped me was so sweet and patient. I ordered "the big catch " bowl and it was delicious. Great new addition to the neighborhoodGreat place for poke in south philly. Company is very friendly and accommodating and the bowls are delicious! I always go with the signature ones but they also have a great lunch special. Definitely worth checking out if you live in the area! Highly recommend, one of my top 5 places for lunchSo fresh and tasty.  I got the build your own and didn't leave a grain of rice leftover. It was that good.  And the staff is so nice and friendly.  A must try!I came here because I noticed a new business on Groupon and brought it. I love that there is finally a poke bowl and boba place on Passyunk and gave it a try. I got the Big Catch and Passyunk Double Passion poke bowl, both are amazing! I added extra eel to both to give it a more savory taste. The ingredients are fresh and it taste great with brown rice. I couldn't even finish mine in one sitting. I will definitely come here again. Christine and the other girl are so nice and quick and knowledgeable. I really hope this place becomes permanent on Passyunk!We got to try Big Catch today and I am SO GLAD they are in the neighborhood. The fish was fresh and tasty, all of the (unlimited!) toppings were delicious and the sauces were perfect. (I got my regular sauce but the woman working gave us three samples- I ended up using all three because each was better than the last). What an awesome addition to the avenue- as much as I love all of the restaurant options here, I am so excited to have a fresh, fast option.I came here for lunch at my friend's recommendation. I was not disappointed! As it was the first time I tried poke I had many questions. The server was very happy to explain the process and let me taste all the unique sauces. Super helpful.  The outcome was delicious, definitely returning to try the other combos.New place opened up on Passyunk Ave! Was looking forward to it for a while now since coming across on Yelp. Finally got to try it as they are participating in Restaurant Week ($15)...they are very generous in the portion size which is great. But it lacked some flavor vs eating at other poke spots. Food is mediocre...The service was also great! Especially the one server!! wish I got her name because she was the sweetest and very honest to me. However, very disappointed in the making of their bubble tea's...it's literally drinking bitter water...no taste...not sweet...just disgusting. I got the oolong milk tea...If they could fix the ingredients to the bubble tea's it would be fine I guess. But check them out and don't let this review change your mind!I honestly have no words for how amazing my poke bowl from Big Catch was. The ingredients were tremendously fresh & delicious, and the staff in the store were super kind & helpful! It was very affordable, especially the lunch special which came with unlimited bowl toppings and a bubble tea. Definitely will be going back and definitely will be recommending it to all of my friends.I recently at at a poke place in KOP that was incredible so I was craving poke again and decided to try this place. I got a build you own salmon and tuna bowl from here after reading the great reviews about the super fresh fish but I had the opposite experience. My fish tasted weird, almost like a stinky ocean/bay smells. It had that "fishy" taste that was pretty gross to me. I couldn't finish the bowl the taste was unbearable. I will add the mango was very fresh though.I wasn't as impressed by their pre-selected options, but I know that our friends who built their own bowls were very satisfied. The menu wasn't the easiest to read online. Good portions, easy takeout, order was filled quickly.Me and my girlfriend stumbled upon this place when it was first opening and have been going back almost every week now! Fresh fish in south Philly at great prices, so happy for its addition to our neighborhood!Cute little poke spot on Passyunk. The staff was super friendly even though she was the only one working and there was a line of people waiting to be served, her energy was  great. She even offered me samples of her 3 special sauce - black sesame was my favorite. 
I customized my own poke  bowl and she was really generous with the serving size. I even got a free sirarcha sauce because we spent over $20. The bowl was delicious, however, mid way through my meal, my stomach was not feeling the greatest. My boyfriend also felt the same. It's most likely the salmon and tuna that was not very fresh. 
Love the service  but I'm not sure if I will be returning just based off of my experience.Really horrible in person customer service. I felt very intimidated ordering for the first time. I was rushed and felt yelled at. It was definitely aggressive and uncalled for. I won't be returning and will instead be frequenting the more customer friendly poke establishments in the city.