The staff here is friendly. They will make sure that you get the food that you want. And it is all served quickly. I would recommend this restaurant to you if you like Italian food.This was one of my favorite haunts when I lived in Philly. I found it by chance, walking around the 'hood. Anyway, it is absolutely fantastic. Great little BYOB that has food that is consistently very good. I never found it to be horribly crowded so it was always a place to drop by even if we didn't have reservations. Try the gnocchi and the grilled calamari. Yum!
Be careful - they accept cash only and be sure to bring a bottle of wine or you'll be out of luck! There is an ATM in the restaurant if you need it, but it charges a fee.So this spot has a new owner and we had the pleasure of talking to him last night. The awesome thing about this is that he realized through the reviews that the food here was tasty but the previous staff was yucky, so he kept the food and changed the staff. Good move!
I ordered the Caesar salad, grilled calamari, and baked mushrooms and shrimp. My salad was DELICIOUS--the dressing was homemade and the greens were super fresh. The calamari was sooo yummy, but be sure to ask for it with a bit of greens to sop up the super tasty garlic and herb olive oil that they drizzle on top. The mushrooms and shrimp had potential, but weren't my favorite. I would hope that the owner maybe revamps that dish using whole shrimp and a better mushrooms--I also suggested putting it over a bit of risotto. 
The decor was super dated, but being a tiny restaurant, I'm sure he can make a few impactful changes really easily to make his new place more appealing.
All in all, I think the new ownership may be just what the doctor ordered in terms of bringing Bistro La Baia back to life!In a city full of Italian BYO's, La Baia stands out for the wrong reason--their terrible service.  The two owners have been blatantly rude to us and to other guests we've sat near on multiple occasions.  I had eaten there nearly a dozen times when all of a sudden they decided to arbitarily charge a corking fee.  There was no mention of it when we sat down or ordered, nor was it on the menu.  It was just an attempt for the hostile husband and wife owners to make an extra few bucks and aggravate good customers.  They have also been known to ask guests who they deem are taking too long to leave since they want to turn over the table.  Nonetheless, the food and value are pretty good; however, I can't stand to give such inconsiderate people my money.Excellent restaurant for a small group or a dinner for two. BYOB.  The melanzane eggplant appetizer is excellent. The salmon is always fresh and a huge portion. The owner George is there most evenings and greets you at your table. The chefs have been there for years and have consistent food.  The mare a Monte is excellent.  Once when I ordered it the owner came and apologized that he did not want to serve the mussels to me as he thought they could be more fresh.  At the end of the meal, he provided a free chocolate cake for dessert for the inconvenience.  I live two blocks from this restaurant and go once a week.  If you are seeking a quiet private dinner this may not be the place especially on a weekend as it is always packed.Really disappointing! They cut corners everywhere and the food seriously suffers for it. One of the worst restaurants I've been to in Philly. Just sad, really.Called at 5:30 pm on Valentines day for a reservation and they had a table available, so that was great!  We get there at 7:35 for a 7:30 res. and our table is ready - thank you!  That's how it should be. The prices on the menu were higher than we saw on the website but we think this is b/c it was a holiday.  We ordered the baked mushroom appetizer, and I expected it to be stuffed mushroom caps as usual, so I was surprised when they brought out something totally different!  It was mushroom slices with garlic, seasonings and some breading and mixed in were large pieces of shrimp.  It was fantastic.  And the serving was very large - more than enough for two people.  We were happy.  I ordered the fish special as my entree, which was Striped Bass with fresh calamari, shrimp, mussels and clams in a light red sauce.  It was a lot of food! I loved it.  The flavor of the sauce was perfect, not too salty, and complimented the fish and the shellfish.  It was cooked to perfection, falling apart and tender.  My date ordered the veal chop, and it was a generous size.  It came with a side of grilled winter vegetables and smashed red potatoes that were  flavorful and tasty.  I tasted a piece of his veal and I wanted more, but I had to be nice... 
As I looked around at what other people had ordered I was wishing I could try more things - they all looked delicious.  Maybe I was really hungry?  The waiter was very cute, an older guy with an italian accent who spoke in one word responses.  I loved it.  He did his job well and didn't interfere with our experience in any way.  They did charge us a $2 corking fee which is kinda silly, and like I said I think the prices were jacked up for it being Valentine's, but other than that it was a really nice experience.  Good Job Bistro La Baia! Ps, the desserts looked awesome, but our bellies were too full.  This place is cash only and BYOB.
Recommendations: Turn the lights down just a little bit more.  Other than that, keep up the good work.Came to Philadelphia for the marathon, and found a cute neighborhood place in Rittenhouse Square. Great food!  But we literally handed the $113 check without alcohol to the server, and the owner asked us to leave so others could sit down. There were other tables clear. Rudest experience I ever experienced. Apparently it is all about turnover and not return customers.Had a Groupon that expired on 8/1. Wife called on 7/31 to make reservation for 8/1 and the first words out are " do you have a coupon"? Yes, she replied. "Well, that's expired". She noted the coupon expired on 8/1 and he hung up?!?!?!?!! Luckily, I wasn't within walking distance when he dissed my wife.New management = great food + stellar service. Will definitely be back for more Caesar salad and gnocchi. Cute atmosphere (although small they accommodated our large group) and charming waitstaff made our night!Steer clear of this place if you can. It is small, cramped, and filled with fruit flies. Our entrées were flavorless, but the homemade pasta was decent. The absolute worst part about this place is the older man and woman who are presumably the owners. They both waited on our table and were both incredibly rude, pushy, and of no help at all.  To top it all off, we were rudely told to leave approximately 1 hour after we sat down so that they could make room for a large party - learn how to manage your tables! Also, there is a $3 "uncorking" fee, which is a joke. It's only $3, but it's the principle of paying $3 for the rude woman to uncork the bottle and fill your glasses once. I will not be returning.My first time going was today at lunch; it was phenom!  I loved it and can't wait to go back again.  I work at 17th & JFK, so its just a 5-ish minute stroll down 17th.  The atmosphere is the nicest; its every bit as nice as any of the casual places I've been in Europe (London, Paris, Milan or Rome and more).  When you look around and see the silver and glassware sparkling and hear the beautiful music playing, you'll know what I mean.  The food was Excellent; the prices were Excellent ($$+ so its not as cheap as a hot dog cart, but you get what you pay for); the host was Excellent-- I am definitely making this my go-to spot for an awesome lunch!  (LOL!  Editing here after having just read some of the other reviews.  I actually signed-up on Yelp just to give them my review, the owner was *that* kind to me and such a gracious host!  But, its got a European flare to it- the tables are tiny and extremely close to one another; I can see how some people would be uncomfortable with that, especially if they're not expecting it.  And if some of the staff were rude to someone on a busy night, well then that someone obviously never had a waiter in Paris stab the steak knife into your table top when he delivered the knife you'd requested twice; LOL!  It happens!  Waiting on tables is a rough business, so tip well and try not to be offended too easily!  As for me; I LOVE the place!)Bistro La Baia had the WORST COSTUMER SERVICE OF MY LIFE. The hostess was rude and spoke abrasively towards us the second we stepped in the door. Our twelve person party was cramped in the space that a normal restaurant would seat four people in. The restaurant was so crowded, it probably exceeded the legal capacity. When I got out to go to the bathroom, it was a huge ordeal since it was so crowded. When I tried to return to my seat, there was a waiter standing in the small path to my seat, so I waited. But while I was waiting a different WAITER PUSHED ME out of the way so he could pass by. While I was eating, there was no room on the table because they crowded us into such a small area, so I had to hold a plate in my left hand while I ate with my right hand. When one of my friends and I went to tell our waiter (I think he was also the owner) our concerns, he began to YELL AT US before we could even finish and he continued until we walked away. Even after we left, he continued to yell about us to another waiter and we could hear. On the way out, my friend told the waiter that he would write a bad review on Yelp, and the waiter responded yelling, "OH you go write your review. Whatever," and started mocking him. I was already upset with the bad service, but to completely not care about your customers and their concerns, is completely unacceptable. Never go to Bistro La Baia if you wish to be treated with even a sliver of dignity. And the food was barely mediocre.My go to Italian. I'm very picky about Italian food and this restaurant passes the test. Simple but delicious meals in a cozy atmosphere. My one complaint is the big college student tables they sometimes have which can be quite rowdy for such a small space.Hidden gem! The food is absolutely delicious!! They make all of their own pastas and the prices are super reasonable. Portion sizes are good so you won't leave hungry. BYO! It's a small place.Groupon strikes again! Groupon is great because it allows you to try places you've never been... if you don't like it, you have the satisfaction of knowing you didn't pay full price. If you do, then you have the satisfaction of knowing you'll be bringing your business back to said establishment. Regrettably, this time, it was the former of the two.
Upon walking in to white tablecloths and neatly set place settings, I thought this place might have some class and hoped the food would follow suit... I was sorely disappointed.
The service here is very curt. I can usually overlook sub par service if the food compensates. Unfortunately, in this case...it did no such thing. The food here is just bland and boring. I received overcooked pasta in a flavorless vodka sauce with some sweet italian sausage. My dining companion had a similar opinion of his dish which was the pasta special of the day. The only thing that was enjoyable was the Mozzarella La Baia... though it is pretty difficult to mess up slicing a ball of mozzarella, a tomato, and some roasted red pepper and slapping basil on top. Even here, the tomato was not ripe. I was, for the first time, mad at how bad the food was for the price. Better pasta can be had at most ordinary pizza shops for half the price.
I was very surprised to see that most of the people that joined us in the dining room that evening had made reservations!
If you're thinking about going here, don't. Go to one of the many, far better Italian BYOs this city has to offer. Off of the top of my head I can think of: Popolino, Il Cantuccio, Modo Mio, Monsu... Each having perfectly executed food, good service, and a far more imaginative menu.
If you for some reason decide to eat here, note that it is cash only. Luckily, we did our homework and were prepared.My absolute favorite authentic italian food! All good and real food comes from a mom and pop hole in the wall. Their pene ala vodka is bar none!!Totally wish I saw some of these reviews before I went. We were seated awkwardly close to another couple and they seemed to be listening to our conversation the whole time.(they were basically not talking at all).  It made us uncomfortable, and we didn't feel any more welcomed by the staff, who seemed angry and dismissive from the beginning. Food was not terrible but still subpar, especially considering the prices. Would NEVER go back.I find it hard that Bistro La Baia stays in business with all the competition from other top notch Italian Byo's neary by.  (La Fontana, La Viola).
Italian food is my favorite kind of food so when I step into an italian place the work is already half done in terms of pleasing me.  However, the inside was cramped.  The food was subpar and overall I was unimpressed.  I was with a party of 4.  We started out with an appetizer of caprese.  The tomato was nowhere near ripe.  (and when your serving a dish that consist of mozzarella, tomatoes, olive oil and seasoning the tomato must be a good tomato).  
My dish was not memorable.  I think the dish of the night went to the person that ordered the lobster ravioli.  I think that the best thing that night was the wine however.Great mom and pop corner restaurant. A little cramped, but very cozy. Food was excellent and service was extremely friendly. Well be back to give this place our business.Listen - the pasta (at least most of it) isn't homemade, the sauce may be half can-based for all we know, and the place isn't the most beautiful, fancy or roomy by any means. But the food is good, the prices are right, and, for the most part, the service is enjoyable.
Sometimes they charge random corkage fees (a dollar each? or per bottle? huh? I'm confused), and sometimes the menu prices change on the daily, but I do like this place. It's nice to have a decent, inexpensive, Italian BYO option in my neighborhood, and the food rarely disappoints.Beautiful little trattoria! I felt like I was in Florence again. I loved the aesthetic and had the kindest waitress. Lobster ravioli was good, but the appetizers were definitely my favoriteWe ate here a few weeks ago and it isn't a place that I think I would definitely revisit. The grilled calamari was great however the Lobster Ravioli dish we had was below par. The dish didn't have a great taste and was very minimal in size. This restaurant is a BYOB which makes it much more appealing. If you are looking for a moderate priced italian restaurant it might tempt your palate but I think there are much better options in Philly.I am a huge fan of Italian BYOB's and this was my first in the city. The place is small and cozy, but if you call ahead of time they can most likely accommodate larger groups. I once went with a group that took over half the place, but I have gone with a smaller group as well. 
Either way definitely worth checking out. Just remember it is cash only.My favorite for cheap Italian byo.  Wait staff are friendly and attentive, and its pretty easy to get a table of any size almost any time.  I also appreciate that outdoor eating is not only dog-friendly, but dog-encouraging!
Food is pretty good too.  I prefer the lobster ravioli to the (also great) stuff la viola serves, and having tried most of their apps by this point, I can safely say the mussels are my favorite app on the menu.
Did I mention that it's cheap?  A meal for four was about a hundred, and we all left satisfied.This is a cute little place that had an open reservation on one of businesses days in f the year Mothers Day!!  Thankfully they allowed the s to waiting for my kids who were over an hour late. Ordered mussels and a very traditional Caesar salad with perfect anchovies!!!
Dinners arrived and the best out of 5 meals was the Lamb Chops, which was the special for the night. Pappardella & vodka sauce was ok. Chicken Piccata was sub-par. Not enough sauce. Lobster ravioli was average at best. Wish we could have had a above average dinner but not at this place.Wonderful place! The food is perfect and the service is exceptional. Feels like you're sitting down at your Nonna's house for a home cooked meal. BYOB is great as you can enjoy a great bottle of wine or two with you meal. You won't be disappointed going here!We were brought here by my sister the first time we visited her in Philly.  La Baia is definitely yummy, with generous portions of traditional Italian fare. I am a fan of BYOB, but the cash-only policy is a little frustrating (my husband had to walk down a shady side street to grab a wad of cash from an ATM after we were done eating). The restaurant is cramped, so if noisy isn't your thing this might not be the place for you. But if you can get past the screaming kiddies or go later in the evening, I could definitely see this being a cute date spot. A solid 3 stars.Great food and good atmosphere! The staff is very attentive, and we all left very satisfiedAmazing spot! The lobster ravioli and gnocchi are my two favorite entrees, and the chocolate mousse cake is incredible. The service is great - nice waiters and ownership! The atmosphere is cozy and cute tooWe came here for Restaurant Week January 2019 and could not have picked a better spot. The food deserves all 5 stars and then some. For fellow vegetarians, this is a perfect spot for date night with your (vegetarian or carnivorous) partner or friends. The restaurant is on the smaller side, so I would recommend making a reservation or calling ahead. It is BYO, so we picked up wine on the way. I had the caprese salad (freshest mozzarella I've had in quite some time), caponata (eggplant dish, perfectly seasoned), gnocchi (served in a deep dish, this course was huge; I had some help finishing the plate, but you could absolutely doggy bag a portion to bring home), and for dessert the tiramisu (light, fluffy, mouth-watering, and full of flavor- I've had tiramisu at other joints in the city and this recipe is by far the best). My partner ordered the tartufo, which was equally as mouth-watering. The atmosphere was moderately loud in the sense that you could overhear other conversations, but not so distracting that you couldn't have an intimate conversation with your date. The staff was helpful, friendly, and very accommodating. We cannot wait to come back and recommend la baia with the highest regard.Service took quite a while to even get plates and cutlery.  Our wine wasn't poured for us either while the other tables were. Im assuming this business is understaffed. Don't book if you're aiming for a dinner under two hours. Food was fine but again took a while.This is a quiet neighborhood BYOB, cozy interior. The fare is basic American-Italian, nothing super authentic nor experimental. It's cheap and pretty good for the spectacular pricing. Our waiter was very friendly on the one visit we've made. I'd go again if I were in the neighborhood.No idea where the negative reviews are coming from...but if it is due to change in ownership then that's great! The food was PHENOMENAL and the service and the owner were so on point and polite.  
We came here during super bowl sunday so there was not much rush but the food came out on time and was very good.  I'm vegetarian so I got the Penne Arabbitica (I'm pretty sure I spelled that incorrectly...) and I've never tasted pasta that good :)
Would highly recommend!I would not recommend this place.  First, the food is just average.  I've definitely had better Italian elsewhere.  Second, the service was terrible.  Our waiter was brusk and unpleasant.  None of the wait staff (or hostess) even tried to make our dining experience tolerable.  They didn't check to see if everything was okay, or if we needed more bread or water.  To top it off, there was a fight between a waiter and the manager in the middle of the restaurant! It was so unprofessional and awkward! No one even bothered to apologize to any of the patrons for the disruption.  If that wasn't enough, I also overheard the hostess complaining to a regular about a phone call she received from someone with a Groupon deal trying to make a reservation for that evening.  I am not sure exactly what happened but I heard the hostess say something to the regular about how people should learn to read their Groupon vouchers.  Regardless of what the substance of the call was, it was highly unprofessional for the hostess to openly complain about potential customers in the restaurant.  That goes to show how little they value their customers.  I would really think twice before spending your money here.  Also, they charge $2 corkage fee, which many other BYOBs don't do.WORST.EXPERIENCE.EVER!  For average tasting Italian food in a city where there are tons of great BYOB's, I don't know why anyone would go back here!  About a month ago we went for a fun, girls night to catch-up and it was anything but!  The service is horrible, it was super hot and stuffy, extremely loud, and for a place that should have about 10 tables, shoves in about 30....with no apologies, almost like they're doing YOU a favor by letting you dine there.
Just as we were eating our appetizer (literally mid-bite) they told us we had to get up and move to another table b/c there was a party coming in who added on 2 more people.  Not just move down a little (although there was nowhere to go....actually GET UP and move to another table where we weren't even facing each other!)  
When we hesitated, they offered a free dessert...but guess what, NO ONE EVEN WANTED DESSERT, so basically offered nothing, and were rude about it!  
As they bump into your table every 5 minutes trying to get through the squished restaurant, they continued to lift tables above your head as your trying to eat, and this large party we moved for literally came in with a cooler (the kind you bring to the beach) with beer and were obnoxiously loud, all while they shoved another party of 8 into a table for 6pp, and 2 guys couldn't even reach their chair to the table to eat properly...he actually had his arm resting on my chair the whole time b/c it was so tight. Seriously La Baia, stop being so greedy and let your customers enjoy their mediocre meals!
Oh, and you can forget about trying to get your drink filled, as soon as they poured our Prosecco into midget glasses, they took it away, never to be seen again, and since the staff is terrible, never notice your glass has been empty for 15 mins and the alcohol is nowhere to be found. Probably b/c there's not an ounce of space to let your bottle chill next to your table like it should.  Horrible!!  
Trust me, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE...you'll only leave with a headache... And maybe a free dessert that you don't want!This place is a decent, classic, Italian BYOB, but nothing extraordinary.
I know it's pretty small inside, but both times I've been I sat outside which was really nice.
The service leaves something to be desired.
Had the grilled calamari, which was good, and very simple. Just remember, it's not going to come out crispy or deep fried, so if you're not into that, don't order it.
I think I've tried the fish and veal, neither left a lasting impression.
I had a groupon here one of the times I came and that was a pretty good deal, so I'd definitely come back with a groupon, but probably not otherwise. Brick is right around the corner (although not BYOB) if you want good food, and La Viola and Fontana della Citta are within blocks and are better Italian BYOBs. 
Cash Only.I've lived in Italy and had divine Italian in Philly. La Baia is just "meh". Its a no frills, home cooked decent place, but the food is too hit and miss for me. The killer is the awful attitude put on by the owners who feel they're doing the world a favor for having this eatery. Bottom line, that even with barely decent food, the attitude and the jacking up of prices, you'd be much much better off going to other places. 
Philly is full of AMAZING italian food. Skip La Baia. They overcharge and give you such attitude it's not worth getting up to go there even if you lived in the area.A great little spot on the corner with great service and nice family owned vibes. The food was great and reasonably priced.. my friends and I will be back! Also love that it's BYO ! Had the eggplant rollatinis and also the lobster ravioli... love me some carbsI was introduced to LaBaia  for the first time from my sister that's now living in Philly. 
I must say that this is one of my favorite Italian places I've ever been too!  We were starving and so of course over ordered for any two people should for a late dinner :P   BUT it was so delicious and well worth the pounds we put on!!  
We started off with a wonderfully grilled calamari served w/ a lemon herb oil dip. (It was freaking awesome!) 2nd appetizer was a baked portabella mushroom topped w/ herbs, garlic, parmigiana shrimp. Also delcious! 
Then we had mussels in white wine sauce that was so good we had to ask for more bread to sop up the sauce. 
Along w/ the mussels we shared an order of pappardella w/ sausage in a cream sauce that was just prepared wonderfully. the pappardella was al dente throughout the dish.  
It has been a while since I had really good italian food that even makes me excited just thinking back as I write this here at home in the washington dc metropolitan area. 
Only thing to remember when you visit here is that its CASH ONLY!! Kind of a inconvenience if you forget and have to go looking for an ATM.  Also it's BYOB so bring a good bottle of wine with your visit  :)When you first walk in, it looks like you're walking into a little cafe in Sicily. We went here for dinner on a Saturday and the service was average but our waitress was a little rude. The food all looks amazing and tastes good too buuut this is the second time I have gone here and all members of my party have not felt well the next day. It's good upfront but you will regret it the next day.I went here with my 4 friends. It is a small place and since it was nice out, we sat outside. We had purchased a groupon for 4 dinners and 2 app. We ordered the calamari for an app and it was amazing. I ordered the capellini mare monti and it was great and a huge portion. My friends ordered the risotto and lobster ravioli. Both were good but you only got 5 ravioli. I wish I had gotten another groupon and will definitely go backI had my graduation party here with my family and it was a great meal. Food was delicious, but the service was so so. The woman who was working did not seem happy at all. I will definitely love to go back with a smaller group. It might be a more pleasant experience.Experience was mediocre to the point that I won't go back:
The restaurant is extremely! packed and all the diners are crowded into two small rooms.
Hard to get the attention of the servers - on top of that, they are pretty rude.
Food is decent, but I'll choose to go to larger, more hospitable BYOs where the food is just as good or better.The food here isn't bad per se, but neither is it particularly good.
The pasta was not al dente enough. When the centerpiece of your dish is pasta, it had better be cooked to perfection. The sauces were fine, nothing out of the ordinary. The mushroom appetizer was sauteed with onions, breadcrumbs and parmesan crumbles. There may also have been a few pieces of shrimp hidden in there. While tasty, it was nothing I couldn't make myself. The grilled calamari was also fine: a little on the rubbery side, but the lemon butter herb dip was good. Portion sizes were pretty decent, but prices were a little expensive for what you were getting (~$17 per home-style pasta dish). 
Service wasn't overtly friendly, but neither was it rude. It was perfunctory and serviceable. Also the lighting is now super bright. It used to be super dark. Find a happy medium, people!
All in all, there are better Italian BYOS that cost the same or less, so I would say skip this place unless you're in the area and don't mind paying a lot of money for blandish homecooked food.Awesome little BYOB Italian spot, the owner is a really great guy! Very friendly and accommodating.WE loved this place when we lived on 17th and Pine! They always have good specials and their tartufo dessert is the best i have ever had in my life!!Worst meal I've had in philly so far. I work very hard, and I barely eat breakfast or lunch so REALLY enjoy my dinners out. This place looks so cute so I thought I'd give it a try. Made a reservation, my son arrived first and sat outside. When I arrived it was too hot and sunny so we asked to move inside to a nearly empty restaurant. Got an attitude at the front but moved inside. Never asked if we wanted drinks and served tap water; which is FINE but then overheard servers asking others about tap vs bottled, etc. Not given menus for 10 minutes. Didn't take order for another 10 minutes. Again, nearly empty place, only 2 other tables being served inside. Ordered and then bread basket arrived. My son noted bread was stale and the dipping was mainly balsamic and little olive oil. My Caesar salad was HORRIBLE. Pale wilted romaine and the dressing was too light; got additional dressing which resembled a bodily fluid. Entrees came and my son had gnocchi with pesto which he reported was good. I had a very well done grilled salad; they didn't ask how I wanted it, and I usually like well done but this was overdone. Side veggies were ok. Masked potatoes were yuck. Couldn't wait to leave. We waited 10 minutes for check. Passed on coffee and dessert. Will not be back; too many other AMAZING restaurants in this city to waste another meal here.Great service and tasty Italian food. Vibe is great indoors and outdoors! Grilled calamari is done really well! Desserts were also a pleasant surprise.I went here with a group of current students and alumni from UPenn for a BYOB during homecoming weekend. All in all, the food was good (I got the pesto gnocchi), but a little bit boring as it wasn't paired with anything else. I was able to overcome this by sampling one of the other dishes, the gnocchi with tomato sauce. The service was solid and the cash only aspect did not detract from the ease of settling the bill.I was wandering around in search of dinner while on business in Philadelphia.  I walked by La Baia, and the aroma coming from inside was incredible!  I was the only customer at 6:30pm on a Thursday night.  Seemed like a classic Italian restaurant, and I was hopeful I would have delicious food and warm, friendly hosts.  I ordered the pasta special: linguine with onions, peas and vodka sauce.  The peas were not fresh - probably frozen, with a chalky texture and weird flavor.  The vodka sauce was just okay, and a bit on the salty side.  It was a large serving I didn't finish for $20. Way over priced in my opinion, especialy when the food was just "so-so."  Service was the bare minimum. Cash only. BYOB.I actually had a wonderful experience here.  We made reservations - definitely necessary, and when we arrived a bit early we were actually seated quite quickly.  We sat outside even though it was a bit chilly, but it was entertaining people watching.... Quite a crowd of young college kids which could have definitely been annoying if we'd had to sit inside when they took the place over.
I also loved the food.  Starting out with grilled calamari - it was tender with a definite grill flavor and the dipping sauce was delicious olive oil/lemon/garlic.  We split gnocci (half pomodoro sauce, half with pesto) and one of the evenings specials lamb chops.  The gnocci was rich and both sauces were quite good.  The lamb chops were absolutely incredible though - 5 decent size lamb chops with a lovely marsala-type red wine based sauce and mashed potatoes that even someone from the midwest can approve.  I do wish they'd listed the specials somewhere, as it was a bit difficult to clearly understand the waiter when he described them.
Service was not the most attentive ever, but our waters were refilled often and we did not have to wait long either to order or to get our food.The food's slightly gloopy and overly sweet.  Then again, the service is good and some people go for that kind of thing.Pros: The food wasn't terrible, and I didn't get sick. I had the lobster ravioli. While I don't see why everyone on Yelp is raving about it, it was not awful. I finished my meal.
Cons: Tiny, tiny cramped restaurant. The chair I sat on was rickety. I switched it, but the next chair was unstable as well. The older waiter was fairly surly and the older woman wasn't much friendlier. The place was so tiny, that every time she bent over, which was often, her butt was right in my face. Literally. I am not exaggerating. I had my meal with a side of ass.
The unfortunate thing was the corkage fee. OK, so it was only $3, but why have it at all? It was a real turn-off. They could have at least mentioned that on the website or on the menus, but it came as a surprise at the end. There are many better Italian restaurants in Center City. I wish we'd gone to Porcini. To be honest, my husband cooks better food than what we ate.One of my favorite Italian byob in the city! second time here and the food has not disappointed. Linguini and meatballs, and gnocchi are amazing! fresh pasta and delicious appetizers! Had the chance of chatting with the owner on our first visit and he was such a doll! Small and cozy place and will definitely return!!As many other reviewers have stated, it is a wonderfully tiny Mom & Pop Italian / cash only / BYOB. 
I went on Valentine's Day with a group of 4 total and had an enjoyable, but cramped meal.  The space is TINY.  And I honestly don't think they could fit another table in the space.  After awkwardly climbing over people to get to our seat, the meal was good.  The bread seemed a little stale, but I wasn't that put off by it.
I ordered the Risotto with Salmon, which was simple and delicious.  It was a pretty sizable portion, and the risotto was perfectly cooked.  
Service was average, but understandably busy considering the occasion.
Prices were a bit higher than they appeared on the online menu, but nothing too shocking.Food was average to above average, but nothing outstanding. The minute the waiter found out we were using a groupon he refused to communicate with us in any other manner than monosyllabic grunts. When we asked for the specials, he literally said "No specials for Groupon." When my girlfriend and her friend asked for a clarification on what came with the meal, our waiter blatantly rolled his eyes at them. As a former server, I generally give the benefit of the doubt to waiters and waitresses. Provided the meal is approximately what I ordered and it comes out in a reasonable time, I'm happy. The staff at Bistro La Baisa, however, intentionally made us feel like we did something wrong by purchasing the groupon they advertised.  I will say that they were great at deterring us from ever coming back. Unless you want to be grunted at, stay away.I visited Bistro La Baia with a group of 11 for a holiday work party. The staff was extremely accommodating even when we called 10 minutes prior to our reservation and said we were running late and needed to add an extra head to our table. We were seated immediately and were assisted in opening our wine bottles. Orders were taken promptly and appetizers and bread (amazing or maybe I was just starving by this point) were served. Our food came out in a rather reasonable time for our large party. But it's the food were the lack of star comes in.. 
Prior to my visit to La Baia, I peaked at their menu and yelp profile and knew I wanted to try the lobster ravioli as it seemed to be a fan favorite. I found mine to be lacking, literally. There were a total of 5 ravioli on the plate. I actually had to pace myself while eating or I would have been done in minutes. The light cognac sauce had the similar robust flavor of canned spaghettiOs. Absolutely dreadful. However most of my group appeared more than pleased with their meal. The pricing was also standard at about $20 a person. 
If I do return to La Baia, I will be trying something else on the menu. Suggestions?I ordered food from Bistro through Grubhub. The food arrived very quickly, although one thing was missing. I called the restraint and they went above and beyond to fix the issue. The missing item was delivered by the bistro staff. The food was not only wonderful the staff is truly excellent. We will definitely go back!This is the kinda place where everyone knows your name - 1. Because it is so small, you have to sit on top of the table next to you and 2. because if you aren't a regular, don't bother going. They clearly don't care to make you one either.
That said, the food is pretty great. My BF is a big Italian food fan and I think I saw him contemplating licking the plate. I am not an Italian fan so I went with the steak special and loved it. 
The upside is the food is great and price reasonable since it is a BYO, but the downside is it looks slightly better the 1995 Days Inn.While in Philly last weekend, my friend and I went to dinner at Bistro La Baia. It's one of her favorite restaurants, and she was excited to have me try it.
We arrived around 6:30 on a Friday night. We didn't have reservations, and there were a few larger parties that night, so we had a choice of a cramped table in the corner (with a 1 hour limit, as they'd need the table for someone with a 7:30pm reservation), or a table right in front of the door. The restaurant was tiny, like most good Philly BYOB restaurants. However, the number of tables and arrangement made it feel a bit cramped. 
I think the restaurant is owned by a couple and the waiter is their son (pure conjecture!). Throughout the dinner, I couldn't tell if the staff was friendly or unfriendly- they were just very straight-forward and to the point. However, there were a few regulars there who they talked to for awhile and seemed friendly with.
They promptly opened up our bottle of wine, and then brought us some bread. It was delicious, and served with a bowl of olive oil and balsamic vinegar. We ran out of bread quickly and asked for more- they brought us some, but didn't refill our olive oil (sadface). For appetizers, we both ordered Caesar salads ($7 each). I ordered mine without cheese and with dressing on the side (I'm not supposed to eat dairy), and not only was he nice about me being high maintenance, the salad also came out correctly. For our entrees, I ordered potato gnocchi in pesto sauce ($12) and my friend ordered the lobster ravioli ($14). I didn't try her ravioli, but she said it was her favorite dish there. My gnocchi was delicious but the sauce was a tiny bit heavier than I was hoping (but still good). We ate ourselves full and still had plenty of pasta left to take home. 
Overall, Bistro La Baia was cute, small, inexpensive, and had minimal frills. Most importantly, the food was tasty and came in quantity. I would definitely go back next time I was in Philly!I have to say, after reading all of the negative reviews of this place, I was very impressed. My friend and I had dinner there this week and found the staff to be helpful as well as attentive. The lobster ravioli is amazing and so was the baked mushroom app that we split. For two entrees and an app, our bill was surprisingly cheap. Great outdoor seating as well. The place is small so I would suggest making a reservation.BYO which is always a good thing.  Went with two of my girlfriends.  The server (an older man who might be the owner or something like that) was a little arrogant.  Maybe I should say unfriendly and to the point.  
We shared a mussels app...sauce was amazing!  I had the Lobster Ravioli which was also amazing.  My friends had a chicken entree and a pescatore type entree.  I'd say mine was the best though.  Bread was warm and addictive (especially dipped in the app's sauce).  
I'd recommend it for small groups.  It's TINY!!!  Seriously, there can't be more than maybe 30 people in there?!  Great prices, too.For some reason, people love this little Italian eatery.
It is wicked small, and can get loud. But such makes a great Italian BYOB eatery's atmosphere.
The reason it gets 3 stars from me was the food. It wasn't spectacular Italian at all. Actually there is another reason: service. The wait is usually ridiculous (make reservations) and the servers are kinda cold and unfriendly. And if you are in an aisle seat, prepared to get bumped by the servers going in and out of the kitchen!Had a nice meal on a Tuesday evening.  I think our server was actually the owner, who was attentive and charming in an old world sort of way.  The food wasn't drop dead amazing, but very solid Italian fare.  (I especially enjoyed the grilled calamari appetizer!)  The dining area is VERY small, and a bit worn - could feel pretty crowded on a weekend night, but midweek it was quite intimate and charming.  LOVE the BYOB option - don't think there was even a fee for corkage (but not sure.)  Cash only - go prepared!The service at this cozy Italian restaurant is unparalleled. Guido, one of the servers, makes you feel like you are family. Despite the small space, they are extremely accommodating to large parties and find a way to make everything work. The food is delicious and the atmosphere is lovely, would definitely recommend as a go-to BYO in Philly. We can't stop coming back!The food here is good. The seafood angel hair pasta I ordered was well cooked and flavorful. For calamari and mussels at a BYOB, $18 seems like a fair price. The special for the night, however, was a simple spaghetti with ground beef at $19. I thought it was overpriced for what it was.
Where they really lost me was the service. The waitress, a middle aged woman with a very slight accent that could've been from any large East coast city, was rude, never cracked a smile, and insisted that our payment be recounted multiple times because, in her words, "I bet they counted wrong". I understand the need to double check, but do you really need to vocalize it in such a condescending way? I don't know how they've stayed in business with that level of service. Hopefully their other servers have more common sense.Nightmare dining experience! My husband and I dined at Bistro La Baia for the first (and last!) time on Saturday night. The place is very narrow and tiny, and the surly, unsmiling hostess led us to a tiny table near the entrance, close to the (open) door, in between the tables against both walls -- with very little room for our chairs. There was also barely any room for anyone to squeeze by us on either side, which everyone, servers and patrons alike, had to do to get anywhere. I asked to be moved to another table, and was told no, despite the fact that no one ended up sitting at one adjacent to us against the wall the entire time we were there. I mentioned that it was chilly with the door open, so the hostess said she'd close it, which she never did. Worst service ever.
We watched the hostess fill water glasses for a very large party which had mostly not yet arrived before she finally decided to give us water. We did get a little dish of olive oil with balsamic vinegar, but it was quite some time before bread was served to go with it. I ordered chicken piccata, a nice-sized boneless chicken breast supposedly in a lemon white wine sauce, but upon tasting it found no evidence of any lemon. It was completely bland. The veggies and small scoop of mashed potatoes were okay, but it was by far the worst chicken piccata I've ever had. My husband's penne puttanesca was just okay. As the large party arrived, the place became unbearably noisy (not to mention cold, with the door open), and we were extremely uncomfortable at our tiny table, which could barely contain our dishes along with the bread basket and which people were continually trying to squeeze past. We didn't stay for dessert as we could not wait to get out of there. Worst dining experience in every way!Decent place, service very accomodating.  Like La Viola, is very cramped but personable.  I had the penne arrabiata but wasn't the biggest fan of it, which may be why i'm holding out on the last star.   It didn't have that much sauce and was a bit more spicy than I was comfortable with (and I can handle my spicy!).  I tried some of my friend's dishes though, and they seemed better.  With the prices though, definitely worth a try.  Just be sure to get reservations because this place gets packed!I have no idea why the ratings are the way they are for this place, the food is great and they always have great specials. Just moved in the area and can't wait to be back soon.Really solid neighborhood bistro. The meatballs with gravy diavlo sauce had us fighting who would lick the plate! We all had the chicken or veal and everyone was very happy with their entrees. Good food and not expensive, win win.Dining experiences are creatures of happenstance, as indicated by the variable reviews below of this cozy and simple neighborhood bistro.  Expectations can be difficult, especially for a no frills place like this that is not working especially hard to impress, but rather is focused on feeding folks a good meal at a fair price. While I concur that I would not drive across town to dine at La Baia, I would also not hesitate to return here next time I was catching a show at one of the many theaters nearby.  Prices are quite reasonable, portions were perfect and well prepared, and the menu seems to have something to please just about every appetite.
The menu consists of basic northern Italian dishes sprinkled with a few non-traditional Italian dishes (e.g., New York strip steak).  There is nothing that is altogether fancy -- unless you consider lobster ravioli or salmon risotto "fancy."  Essentially, it is reliable home cooking for neighborhood clientele and anyone else who happens to stumble upon this quiet corner.  Comments about the neighborhood being sketchy are unfounded.  This is a perfectly safe place to be at night.  And that's coming from a guy who does not live in the city!
Service was casual and polite, although I could see how these guys could also be quite frank and, yes, perhaps even a bit gruff on occasion.  Whatever the case, the staff seemed genuinely loved by the regulars, who seemed to make up more than half of their customer base on this Saturday night.  We arrived fairly late for dinner (10:30), but they generously accommodated us, served us quickly,  and we showed our appreciation by not lingering too long.  Result -- everyone was happy!
All said, Bistro La Baia is a mighty fine choice for a no nonsense, inexpensive, and "home cooked" meal if and when you find yourself in the area of SE Rittenhouse Square.This is one of the best Italian restaurants I've ate at in Philly. Every single plate ordered was absolutely delicious, the meatballs, the risotto balls, the veal, the dessert- it was all amazing.  The staff were also very attentive, friendly, and personable. I was getting so full from all of the food we had ordered, that by the time my main dish came out, I only ate a quarter of it because I wanted to save room for dessert. The waitress took note of my plate and politely asked me if everything was okay with my meal, it was so thoughtful for her to make sure I was satisfied. I can not wait to return, this will surely be one of my favorite gems.This is definately one of the best restaurants I've been to for a birthday dinner! It seemed very small from the outside but on the inside it was such a cozy environment for the whole 12 group people that we had and the BYOB made it even better. The manager is very communicative and friendly and was helpful the entire time. He himself was also one of the servers and was very attentive! There was nothing to complain about regarding the food service or food. Everything was seasoned nicely for my own personal preference. We all enjoyed it and would come back again! Very happy experience in a very nice environment.Fresh bread that's piping hot? Check.
Fabulous outdoor seating? Check.
Good food? Check.
Reasonable prices? Check.
BYOB? Check.
What's not to love?
-1 star b/c the staff isn't the friendliest.My favorite Italian spot in the city! The food is incredible and so fresh. I am vegan and had no problem finding something on the menu to fit my needs. The salad was so fresh and the Penne Arrabiata was delicious--I already cannot wait to go back to get it again! Definitely make a reservation as the place itself is small. But not overwhelmingly, so it's perfect for a date night. Also it's BYO so it makes it even more amazing.we had an excellent, fun dinner here.  so good and so plentiful!  we brought half of everything home, and enjoyed the leftovers!  I've overlooked la baia in our BYOB pursuits but I won't any more. and most def more reasonably priced than the other BYOB Italians in our neighborhood.Bistro LaBaia is one of my go-to restaurants for BYOB dinners with a large group. It's a small place, so you will definitely need to get reservations if you're planning to bring a crowd. Pin your friends down to make plans in advance, because it is definitely worth it. 
The menu is solid Italian food. I haven't found it to be particularly innovative, but everything is well-done. The prices are reasonable and the portions generous. The grilled calamari are delicious, and if you go with friends you're going to need more than one order to share with everyone. The pollo involtino is good, but ask about the specials of the day because they're often worth trying. I've had some great fish entrees, although I could not tell you what they were!
I've had some off experiences in terms of service, but again I'm usually here with a lot of people, which can be a challenge in such a small space. It's easy to overlook a bit of inattentiveness when you've got a dozen friends and as many bottles of wine to pass around the table while you wait.Tried to park outside his restaurant in an available parking spot and the owner told me he was expecting a delivery. When I didn't immediately move he yelled at me to "go f*** myself" repeatedly and advanced towards me threateningly. Gonna go ahead and skip eating at this one.Had a reservation with Bistro La Baia and as we walked in, the owner acknowledged that we have a reservation for two but said he cannot seat us at the moment. No problem, I understand that sometimes the schedule runs a little tight and issues do come up. 
As I looked around the room I saw two open tables for two and asked why we couldn't be seated at any one of those tables. The man gave no reason and simply keeps saying that he cannot seat us there. 
When I said that I would be making sure to mention this in my review of the restaurant online, the owner responded with "I don't think you want to be eating here tonight" and continued repeating that essentially forcing us to leave the restaurant. 
Least to say, it's a crowded restaurant with little seating and their rating is already pretty low. If you're looking for a good place to eat, trust me, there are a lot of better options in CC and they'll cost you about the same. Don't make our mistake and find a reputable place that will leave you with a good experience.