Went here tonight with the family. Atmosphere was great. Love the way the place is set up. I'm dissappointed with the quality of the food. Service was great. The staff is very inviting. 
We order the calamari. It was chewy and hard. The marinara sauce was good. We orders two chicken dishes. Chicken was a lil on the dried side and over cooked. Not tender and juicy at all. The lobster ravioli was watery inside. Which was tasteless. The last dish we order was the veal medallion like dish. It was just ok.This place blew me away, such a hidden gem!  Amazing food, wonderful service, and a very charming atmosphere.  I took my friend here for his birthday, I booked the table on OpenTable and mentioned it in a comment.  They not only took the time to read the comment but wished him a happy birthday when we sat down, such a nice personal touch!  Great wine list too!  I will definitely be back, again and again and again!!Boyfriend is an Italian food lover, so we had to choose an Italian restaurant for restaurant week. We ended up choosing Bistro Romano and man were we glad we did. 
First, the atmosphere. The actual dining room is below the entrance in a brick lined room that looks and has the feel of a wine cellar. It sets a very cozy and romantic atmosphere, perfect for a date night. 
The staff was magnificent. Service was perfect and our waitress was very friendly and helpful with her suggestions and recommendations. 
AND THE FOOD. Oh the food. My boyfriend's absolute favorite food is gnocchi, so of course we had to try the white truffle gnocchi. Between the creaminess of the sauce, the saltiness of the prosciutto, and the texture of the gnocchi, this was the most well-balanced dish I have ever tasted. Boyfriend and I both agreed that this was the best gnocchi we have ever had (and he gets gnocchi A LOT).
Everything else was also very tasty, just not as tasty as the gnocchi lol.This restaurant was gorgeous. We sat upstairs just before the piano began. We had smoked old fashions with our pasta. There are no substitutions to the menu but that was fine. The true highlight of the night was the roasted cauliflower and Brussels sprouts. If I lived closer to Philly I'd be here frequently.Came bc of a groupon deal and we enjoyed our experience. 
Service was good, and the place was cozy. It fits in the historical society hill atmosphere. Bread was fresh, but crackers were a little too salty. I ordered the seafood paste, mahi mahi, filet mignon, and salmon entrees. and it was a good pick. Food/sause was good in general, but I would expect more if I paid for regular price. It was an enjoyable dinner. 
street parking will be hard to find.Great ambiance and great food. Kicked off restaurant week here and was not disappointed! It seriously looks like something out of phantom of the opera. The beef croquettes were amazing for an appetizer. My veal was yum but the truffle gnocchi was OUT OF THIS world!! The semi freddo and tiramisu were great but we were too stuffed to enjoy it! Will definitely be back for the gnocchi!!Came here while visiting the city. Enjoyed it very much. I got the veal, which was delicious and the Caesar salad. It tasted just like my homemade Caesar salad which I guess I a good thing, but they prepare it table side which is a nice old fashioned gesture. The ambience is very romantic and the service was great. The music is very cliche- Sinatra, dean Martin etc but adds to the mood.What a great experience! Took our client here for dinner - the service was amazing and the food was fantastic. Recommend the spaghetti bolognese and the duck. The atmosphere is so warm and relaxing - highly recommend!I have been coming to this restaurant for years, so I figured it was high time to write a review.  I have never been dissatisfied with the service here.  The lobster special on Tuesdays has become one of my favorite special occasion bookings.  But as I'm sure other reviews can attest to, the atmosphere is unmatched.  Probably one of the most romantic restaurants in Philadelphia.  And I know it's popular, but it will always feel just a little secluded ... like its Philly's best kept secret.Came here for a second time and absolutely enjoyed myself. Food tasted amazing as well as the service! Could not say one bad thing this time around. The owner is very polite and accommodating as well. Would most definitely come again to enjoy a delicious dinner.We booked the private room located in the wine cellar. The place was gorgeous, the service was perfect. The servers were very friendly and helped me give a perfect surprise for my husband. We had a great time with some good wine and good food too. They had some vegetarian options as well which we enjoyed. Would definitely go back there again.I surprised my boyfriend with this restaurant on his birthday.
I had made reservations before hand on opentable.com, when we got there, there were several people waiting to be seated; since I made reservations we were promptly seated, I am guessing they had a table reserved for us. Our seat was right in front of the piano player and the bar.
The bar was absolutely beautiful, they had taken a huge carved marble block off a ship and centered it as their back drop at the bar, very breathtaking, the piano player and the candle lit dinner made our dinner oh so romantic.
We ordered their famous ceaser salad which they prepared right next to our table and our waiter told us everything he was putting into it, anchovies in a salad? who'd of thought, but it was marvelous. Our dinner was good and it was such a romantic place. I give it 5 stars. I would give it more if I could. 
Definitely a very romantic place with great food and ambience. I would come back again if I was feeling a need to be romantic.
Boyfriend absolutely loved his surprise.I've got to hand it to this place, it really was as good as it gets. Portion sizes were very generous. My girlfriend and I went here for an anniversary date. We ordered soup & salad then an entree. Couldn't finish the entree. Lots of food for a fair price. The minestrone soup was one of the best I've ever had. Can't go wrong with anything here. 
Now to the service. We had 4 different people check up on us. Two of which were managers. It felt great to be in a place where the service was very attentive all around. 
Lastly, the romantic atmosphere made this experience top-notch!Atmosphere is romantic and so chill, the piano player really set the mood. Dinner was very good. Our server Nolan was so knowledgeable and personable.  Definitely recommended for an intimate dinner....flynn at the bar was a dick..This place was everything I expected and more from reading previous reviews. Me and my boyfriend showed up a half hour late to our reservation thanks to some south street traffic and they still seated us as soon as we walked in the door. The rose petals and candles on the table were cute although I do have to admit seating was pretty tight. Don't know if that's an Italian thing or they just try and fill up space. Anyway, my server was so attentive he probably would've gave me a back massage if I asked him and the water boy was right on top of his game, I didn't go thirsty throughout the whole meal. Everyone was very polite and our food came out at a good speed. The caeser salad was made table side and pretty cool to watch, just not really the taste I was expecting. I got pancetta and mushroom ravioli and my boyfriend got veal parm which were both to die for and if that wasn't enough the tiramisu totally finished off the whole meal. All around a great restaurant and I would definitely go back. Especially because they gave me a 20 dollar coupon at the end.My friends and I attended the Murder Mystery dinner last week.  2 words:  TOURIST TRAP!!!
Go there if you have nowhere else to go (Impossible in Philly), and don't drink if you value your wallet.  
Food was awful.  Another reviewer hit the nail on the head--nothing came out as it was described on the menu.  My husband commented that everyone with chicken or salmon had some version of cacciatore! 
My friends ended up having a nice evening because we were able to laugh at the things that bothered us.  I would not recommend going there for the murder mystery--spend your money downstairs, where the food looked decent at least!If you are find of Italian Bistros such as Donte and Luigi's or The Saloon, you will enjoy this establishment just the same. 
The ambiance, service, and food was excellent. I look forward to my next visit.Amazing place. Stopped by here on my way from Tx to Boston. Arrived around 630 on a tuesday. Had no problems getting in. Although we did make a reservation. The service was amazing and the food superb! The lobster ravioli and creme brûlée was seriously good. They also have delicious bread and oil they bring out to ur table when you arrive. The area was very quaint and nice to walk around. Lots of little restaurants and shops. Definitely would recommend this place to anyone interested in a delicious meal. Price was pretty reasonable i think 15 for the lobster ravioli so not cheap but not ridicules either and the flavor and service was well worth it.Should of went to red lobster only thing good was the bread and oil all four courses were terribleThe muscles are delicious. The Sauce for them is so good. We sat in the wine cellar it was very nice and something nice to do for a birthday or anniversary .
We got there early so my boyfriend got a drink at the bar from Sean, he was so friendly and awesome .
Over all great experience !!There are few times in life that a restaurant makes you have to grab your phone to write a review. The lobster was succulent, the swordfish was delectable and their flourless chocolate torte with raspberry sauce was orgasmic. Manager George makes you feel like part of the family!!! You have to get over here as soon as possible!Wow, I don't even know where to begin.  It was a nice romantic setting.  Not only was the service wonderful, but the food was absolutely amazing.  I recommend the pescitore!  To die for.  Couldn't have asked for a better meal.Been here several times in the past and it has always been a positive experience. Service was attentive and friendly. Portions are above average and price is just right for what you are getting.Absolutely delicious. Very fine, homemade pastas and intricate sauces. Also an extensive wine list. And everything was afforadable. I hope to go again when next in town!After a busy couple months, it was finally ready for date night. I haven't been at bistro for sometime and choose to come here since i have nothing but good memories of this place. 
Well i was disappointed. Starting the night with a 8:15 reservation and wasn't sat till 8:50. Then i had an awful waiter who made me feel like i was a bother with everything that i ask. I would provide his name but we didn't even get that out of him. I looked forward to the end of the night. If it wasn't for the table side Caesar salad (served by another waiter), the night would have been a complete disappointment.Decided to try this place as a recommendation from a review I read. The service was good and the staff was very attentive to our needs. The Caesar salad was one of the best I have ever had. It was prepared table side which was a nice touch. Should have stopped there!  I had the lobster ravioli which was lobster stuffed in a shell with some sauce on top. There was no wow experience here. The 6 of us tried different meals but we all walked a way disappointed   Will have to try it another time as the staff is what would bring me back!!!Had a wonderful dinner last night at Bistro Romano.  It was Monday, so that ment "Pasta Night".. $12.95 for a house salad, and any one of their pasta dishes.  I assumed that because it was such a great deal, they may make the portion sizes smaller for the pasta.  Not so.  The portions were huge, and the food was delicious.  On top of it all the service was impeccable and the atmosphere was very romantic.What a fun night!  On Saturday, Oct. 25, my husband and I took two marketing professionals with whom we work to an evening of food, fun and frolic at the murder mystery at Bistro Romano.  Although we have dined at Bistro on several occasions, we were a bit concerned if the quality of the food at the murder mystery would be more like ordinary banquet food.  To our delight that was not the case.  The food was the usual high standards I have come to expect from Bistro.
The show was fun, outrageous and zany. The actors did a great job in giving attention in a reasonable way to the guests when they were not engaged in a scene.  The service was just right.  I never felt intruded upon or had to endure too long a wait.  Given that it was four courses, a break in between the courses was a good thing to prepare you for the next course.
Our guests had a great time.  We'd do it again and recommend it!Everything was amazing! Brought my bf here for his birthday. The Caesar salad was delicious (tossed table side if you order for two). I had diver scallops over shrimp risotto which was great. My bf had the seafood camaratta. Mushroom toast with oyster and shiitake mushrooms was one of their special appetizers that evening, I believe. I love mushrooms so no complains here. We didn't leave enough room for dessert but they sounded delicious on the menu. We had a reservation but there was a small wait because all the tables were booked. It wasn't long at all. If it would've been longer, the food would make up for it. Would definitely recommend this place and come again. Also a romantic, intimate setting downstairs. Great for dates.Bistro Romano is a must stop for my husband and I every time we go to Philadelphia. Though the food is good,our favorite thing is to order a bottle of wine in the bar area when the piano player is playing. We were there a couple of Fridays ago for such a reason, and we had forgotten how extensive the wine list is. We have a favorite winery in California called Clos Pegase, not a widely promoted winery. We were so excited to see that amonst the hundreds of wines they cellar, they had a Clos Pegase Merlot under $40. We enjoyed our wine,each other's company, cheese and crackers and meatballs from the appetizer buffet in the bar area, but not necessarily in that order. With the right company (that's my hubby!), time at Bistro Romano will transport you to a different time and place without breaking the bank.Wife and I have eaten here on two different occasions. I ate here once with a friend and enjoyed the mystery theatre show. 
Food is great!  Service wonderful.  Romantic. Building has a historical feel which I loved. 
Caesar salad prepared fresh right in front of your table.We went here to Bistro Romano last night  to celebrate our first anniversary.  Loved the ambience of the private wine cellar room.  Very romantic and cozy for two.  
A couple of disappointments;  we couldn't have the table side caesar salad. I guess the private room was too small to bring in the table that would hold all the things needed to prepare it that way.  But our waitress had them make it in the back, and it was the most delicious caesar salad I've ever had.  Ever.
Also, something went wrong with the booking of the room and  we were not too happy.  Well, we left there happy.  The manager came over and everything was done to remedy the situation and make our dining experience relaxing, pleasant and romantic.
Our server was attentive without being intrusive.  She was very friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu.  Also, the person who kept our water glasses filled and cleared away dishes was right on point.
I had the swordfish special, and I thought it was amazing, just really delicious.  My husband had veal parmesan.  It was a big portion! He thought his was very good as well.  I did not taste the chocolate torte dessert he ordered, but he said it was rich and full of all the flavor you want from a dessert like that..
At the end, some random young man on staff even took a picture for us to commemorate our anniversary dinner.
So yes, we'd recommend this to friends and family without hesitation.  You go to a restaurant for great food, but we also relieved excellent service from every member of their team.Bistro Romano has amazing decor!  Once you walk in, you feel like you've been instantly transported to a beautiful, romantic, cozy brick wine cellar. 
We started off with the calamari and the clams/mussels appetizer.  The calamari was perfect - crispy and not greasy at all.  I only wish they gave us more.  The clams/mussels were decent but I wouldn't order them again.
For the entree, I had the rigatoni bistro which was delicious!!  Huge portion & creamy, cheesy goodness w/ my faves mushrooms & broccoli.  My bf had the duck which he devoured quickly.  
Unfortunately we were too full for dessert =(  Instead of a dessert menu, the waiter comes by with a tray of the night's desserts -  all looked delicious!We went for dinner on a Saturday night. We have been here before and it is our go to place. The food and service are exceptional! They're very attentive to your needs . We discovered that you can get half order of pasta dishes so you can try different dishes. Anthony the manager is awesome! He is very knowledgeable about his wines and very passionate about his menu and foods. The menu has something for all tastes. We totally enjoy it here and will be back for more. This place is a hidden gem and a must try experience.  Great ambience and very romantic.Both the food and service were exceptional. A top notch Italian dinner. The cauliflower soup was the best soup we have ever tasted, and the other dishes were all delightful.My Fiancee's Parents got everyone tickets to the Murder Mystery on the second floor and it was a great time! The only problem we encountered was that there wasn't a lot of room on the end close to the window. That is the only negative I have... When getting these tickets remember they include the food and it is a smaller menu with smaller portions. Also the waiters are the actors and are playing a character who may come across as crass. I'll review the food and then the Murder Mystery. 
The appetizer was really good. We started with a piece of a toasted roll the kind you would use for Bruschetta with mozzarella and what tasted like pickled onions, Italian seasonings. Next was the salad. It was a Cesar Salad that had enough dressing for my liking and was very tasty. After the salad we had Cream of Potato Soup. It did not have chunks of potato in it but I felt had good taste. 
Now for the entree'. We had three choices between Salmon, Chicken, or Pasta. I ordered the Chicken with Risotto and I thought it was very good. The chicken had a lightly pesto dressing on it and was served with risotto. The risotto was a little more aldente than I like but still had great flavor. I had a taste of the pasta and it also had great flavor and was extremely creamy. If you have a bad reaction to cream sauces I would do more research by there were no issues for our party. The salmon looked very good but I did not get to try it which goes to show you how good it was.
I almost forgot dessert! For us it was a chocolate torte that was extremely dense. More like a brownie. The coffee was average restaurant coffee.
The Murder Mystery was a lot of fun and was probably more suited for a maturer audience. The actors did a fantastic job and even when they had mishaps they recovered excellently. The way it was formatted was that they started with the appetizers and had the intro after that. Then came the soup and after about 10 minutes they had the second part. Dinner was next and then there was the third part. At this time the majority of the show is done and they ask you to settle your bills before they move on. They let you know how much is preferred also for gratuity and explain why they do that due to the actors being actors. Also the price of the show is explained on the website with only 5 dollars per seat going to the show. So your Gratuity goes towards the actors\waitstaff directly.
They then announce the killer and also it seems they have a little contest. If you guess the correct killer they give a gift certificate to the restaurant. 
We all had a great time and I don't think anyone had an issue as you could see a smile on everyone's face. I definitely recommend you try it out!It saddens me to give this restaurant 2 stars. This was one of our favorite restaurant to go to. I have celiac disease and this restaurant was always over the top accommodating which is why we kept going back. Last night I found out they no longer offer gluten free pasta and the waiter told me the chef would not do any special orders to accommodate. The majority of restaurants are moving forward to help their diners with dietary restrictions while this place seems to be the complete opposite.Great pastas, service is very attentive. We arrived late (10pm) on Saturday night and staff were accommodating and friendlyHorrible. How else can I say it............yeah, horrible. I had the "pleasure" of watching the murder mystery. Most of the hipsters I know are unemployed. The ones that were "acting" in this play, SHOULD have been unemployed. The only way I can really sum up the food is that its something that literally any ones mom could make in their home kitchen. Very bland and tasteless. Not really sure how this place has survived as long as it has but I can tell you with the restaurant "boom" in Philly, if this place doesnt get its act together then they ALL might be unemployed.Wow. Unbelievable experience. From the cozy, classy interior to the spectacular succulent food to the friendliest and most attentive wait staff/managerial staff ever, I found it to be a wonderful spot for my date/dinner. I'd recommend this for dates, special occasions or anytime you want an upscale (don't worry, you don't have to dress fancy) culinary experience.What a restaurant! Bistro Romano is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. It's rare you find restaurants as intimate as this with reasonable pricing. Even with a packed room there's something about this place that is just relaxing. You can enjoy a meal and not worry about screaming over the table to friends. They have a simple menu, attentive service and great food. A great spot for dates as well as dinner with friends. 
One thing we thought was cool was the tableside caesar salad. Definitely worth itThe building was nice and historic,  it small and crowded.  We had an 8:30 reservation and waited until 9 t be seated.  The service was horrible,  waited for drinks too long she never brought out my salad and I asked twice.  The glasses on the table were full of towel lint and needed to be clean but most importantly I based the recommendation on their web site and photos of the food from the web site and it is NOTHING like the photos.  The smores  Browne is a JOKE,  on the site it looks amazing but when you get the $9 dish it's horrible.  We sat in the basement and every time the staff upstairs moved a table or chair or someone got up, dirt and dust would fall on to out table and food from above.This place was A M A Z I N G. The food was delish and the atmosphere incredible. A little gem in the city we will definitely frequent.I booked the murder mystery dinner theatre to surprise my boyfriend for his birthday. There were 2 other couples at our table and both of the girls did the same, so obviously it's a good idea, ha! When we first got their at 7pm we sat in the piano bar, and had a glass of wine. They had cheese and crackers, mini meatballs and fried shrimp. We were called upstairs around 7:45, shown our seats, and given our Caesar salad. One of the actors sat down and took our entree choices, staying in character the whole time. We had the salad, soup, entree, and dessert, with a part of the show in between each course. After every part of the show, the actors took drink orders and made sure every guest was doing okay. We probably had an extra special time, since we were sat with awesome people, and I was actually picked to be a guest actor in the first part of the show! It would've been amazing regardless and I would, and will recommend this to everyone I know. I researched a lot before I booked this and the reviews really helped me choose, so I hope this will convince someone that they need to do this. I am beyond pleased!Went here on valentines day and food was awful. All four courses were horrible. Figs: disgusting. Lobster bisque: watery. Salmon: super salty. Steak: burnt, smelled like garbage. Gnocci: mediocre. Dessert: tasted freezer burnt. Paid 75$ a person and was completely unsatisfied. Will never be going here again!Consistently pleasing. Solid (if not creative) cooking,  friendly staff, and handsome decor are all even better deal on Monday nights ($13 pasta dinners)  or Tuesday nights ($15 lobster dinner).Compliments to the chef, ohhhhhhh ducklings! Magnificent 5 stars. $$$$$. Lots a money, but worth it. Losbsta ravioli is a goood and duck is good tooIf you're looking for better than decent Italian food but a very nice romantic place Bistro Romano is the clear winner.  I would classify the food as a little better than average but the atmosphere makes up for it.  It's the perfect place for a date.  I have not been there in a few months but I had to write a review because it's always a positive experience every time I go.Food was phenomenal as usual. Chef was accommodating in grilling vs frying the calamari. The Caesar salad still hands down best in the city. Pork loin presentation was impressive and the provolone bread putting left me wanting more. Very nice play on a deconstructed roast pork sandwich!Awful.  The food ranged from bad to sub-standard.  The wait staff and kitchen staff maintained a constant, extremely loud stream of inanities (and we weren't anywhere near the kitchen, though many tables were positioned in that vicinity).  Our wait-person spoke extremely loudly to each table and was so disconnected from the concept of service that she returned five separate times at the end of our meal to utter very loudly "Thank you for choosing us tonight.  Please come and see us again."  Even with the "pasta night" discount, we spent far more than anything served was worth (even the artichoke appetizer, which was the one fairly well-prepared dish, was absurdly over-priced).  Perhaps the restaurant's business is suffering because of all this low-quality; I have never been treated so pushily by any wait staff.  When we said we couldn't eat any more and would like the check (really we were disgusted and wanted to get out of there ASAP), the waitress actually asked, "Are you sure you don't want a chocolate torte to take home?"  Five must be the magic number, because we counted five utensil drops, only one of which was by a customer (probably a function of the small table).  Combine all of the above with the dank, isolated-feeling interior and the cramped booths on the eastern side of the restaurant, in which they placed all two-person parties despite the slow traffic and ample availability of more spacious booths along the western edge, and finally with the fact that no one offered to take our bulky winter coats before leading us downstairs to such a tiny table) and you have one star.  Yuck!I'll say first that I loved the look of this place. Sitting down in what felt like a cozy wine cellar I was exited. I had gotten an email inviting me and a guest to eat there for 33 bucks 3 courses. Thought it was too good to be true. I was right. Our waiter took our order and we both ordered salads of sorts. They took over 20 minutes to get out. It was Sunday, not busy the least. Plus our waiter who obviously knew ppl at the table right by us was not attentive at all throughout the night. Our entrees were ehh. Nothing special. Dessert which I look forward to being a pastry chef myself was as well just okay. Now being told that "you and a guest" I was under the impression that the price of 33 dollars would be it. Nope it was per person. At this point I no longer wanted the 20 dollar gift certificate, which I wasn't even offered, BC I wouldn't be returning. Don't know how this place has such a high rating when they can't even do quality service on a slow Sunday.The food was AMAZING! The calamari melted in your mouth and the buratta toast was so tasty. My boyfriend had the filet which was cooked to perfection and I had the gnocchi. We also had tiramisu for desert. By "we" I mean "I". It was a little crazy because it's Valentine's Weekend, but we were in no rush to get out so we didn't mind. The atmosphere was very cool and they worked with our last minute reservation seating request. HIGHLY recommend this place.I never leave reviews but I just had one of the best dinner experiences at Bistro Romano! Our waiter was awesome! We ordered the table side caesar salad which was the best I've ever had. My husband even loved his and he's not even a fan of Caesar dressing. 
Dinner was great as well. Our waiter felt that dinner had taken longer than necessary to be made so he offered us complimentary after dinner drinks with our desert. 
We got our check by realized we hadn't been charged for a bottle of wine we ordered. After bringing it to our waiters attention he offered to give it to us for free but we refused. He gave us a new check along with a $20 gift card to use at our next visit for our honesty. 
Great food, atmosphere and customer service! I would have given them 10 stars if I could! I highly recommend enjoying a meal at Bistro Romano!The best seating here is downstairs.  We had a good table.  Vienna, our waitress, was a sweetie!  We had several mishaps. One drink was not available and the substitute ordered took 15 minutes. Our waitress checked at bar and apologized.  We also had to wait to order. The manager gave us a round of drinks for being patient.She also had a salad split for us to share.  We didn't get any bread til we asked.  One meal was supposed to be mild but came spicy. Again waitress was very nice about it.  I was going to just eat it but the kitchen manager insisted on getting the mild one.  Our waitress comped the salads.  The food was excellent with fairly large portions.  Three of us had pasta with seafood.  Seafood was cooked perfectly. One had the veal osso bucca which was also very good. This experience could've been much worse. The staff really went out of their way to make up for the problems.  We will definitely go back because of that.Intimate and accommodating.
Came here on a Saturday evening and had a great time. There is a fantastic wine list and service is excellent.
I would recommend the Caesar salad that is made in front of you and was delicious. I also had the duck legs with gravy and mash which hit the spot.Went Valentine's weekend and had a great time.  Show was funny and food was good.  I would highly recommend this for a fun night out.Had a fantastic dinner here on Saturday. I enjoyed a delicious salad and veal dish. Prices were high but I thought the quality matched them.What a wonderful and romantic place. We went here on a whim on a Saturday night and immediately were seated, due to a rare opening/cancellation. 
We ordered the tableside caesar salad, which was phenomenal. It's always fun to get food prepared tableside and this was no exception.
Our server was prompt and was wonderful about not annoying us all the time to ask how everything was going. I always appreciate that when I'm on a date. Dishes were cleared in a timely manner, waters refilled, drinks refreshed. 
I ordered the rigatoni. It came in a four cheese sauce that was deliciously accompanied by mushrooms and broccoli. My BF had the special of the night - gnocci in a gorgonzola sauce with prosciutto. He thought it was a fantastic flavor combination. 
I would have liked to order dessert but I was just too full. I would definitely go back here.I love Bistro Romano - maybe the food isnt super super amazing BUT it's so romantic! Maybe I'll have to check out the murder mystery dinner show one day.
Oh and I like the whole table side caesar salad thing - you know exactly what is going into it.Excellent food with excellent service.  From the hostess, bartender, waitstaff, superior service.  Something we don't see enough of.  Husband & I had pasta dishes, exceptional!  Great cocktails, romantic ambience.  Highly recommend!!We came for Valentine's day and it absolutely lived up to the most romantic restaurant in Philadelphia. The food was unbelievable served at the perfect pace, complimented by the perfect service (we had Ally). We inquired about our meal the next time we came before even finishing all of our courses on our first visit. We absolutely loved everything about this place.Loved the atmosphere. Food was amazing. Service was amazing.  If we ever get back to Philly again, we will definitely be going back there. Had the wine cellar room on our anniversary and it was just what we were looking for. The manager even went out of his way to get us a cab at the end of the night. Loved it.We were seated in the basement and it was quite dark but romantic,  but our party was a girls night out.   (had to use my flashlight to read menu)  The entree I ordered lacked flavor,  and I was disappointed - Calamarata - 
jumbo shrimp, mussels, calamari, clams, scallops, saffron tomato stew. I did not even want to sop up the juice with my bread.  Call me a down to earth person,  but I prefer butter with my rolls but instead  they were severed with some kind of pine-nut sauce which I did not care for.   
   The staff and manager however were awesome!  Friendly and attentive.  That alone would make me what t come back for perhaps a second go of this place.Gracious hosts.  Super friendly staff.  We stopped by on a whim with a friend and had a glass of wine at the bar.  We decided to stay for dinner and I'm glad we did.  We shared the Buratta Toast and the Calamari, both were superb.  I wasn't crazy about the bread that was brought to the table, it was more of a whole grain bread instead of a baguette, but not a big deal.  We shared the table side Caesar salad, as our server made the salad he told us a funny story.  Good dinner theater, we laughed.  I had a braised Lamb Shank finished with Au Jus for dinner.  I didn't need a knife, so tender.  Absolutely wonderful.  My wife had the Veal Saltimbocca and our guest had a fish special.  All entrees were excellent.  We opted to share two desserts, and our server graced us with a complimentary round of limoncello.  I forgot to mention that we ordered a nice bottle of wine that our server had suggested.  We had a great experience and look forward to going back again soon!EXCELLENT experience from the food to the service. Nolan was extremely helpful, friendly & professional. The homemade pasta was fantastic! Portions were enormous. Wine list extensive, but Anthony was more than helpful. Absolutely will return. Highly recommend!My boyfriend took me here for my birthday and I absolutely loved it. We were late for our reservation and had to wait a little while at the bar for the next available table but while waiting in the bar area there was a gentleman playing the piano. The atmosphere is very romantic with the lighting and the dramatic curtains in the bar area. When we were sat downstairs it was such a lovely surprise. You did not feel like you were in the basement of a building in the city. It was so romantic and pretty. We loved the bread and oil, and also the caesar salad that they prepared right at our table.I have always wanted to experience a Murder Mystery Dinner, so I got tickets for a friday night show. The food was ok - salad was an average caesar  salad, soup wasn't anything special but it was good. My boyfriend and I both chose the salmon as our entree. It was well cooked, well seasoned, but still average. The cheese cake was not good and probably store bought. 
I would have accepted average food had the show been average as well.  
The show was horrible; the acting, story, and organization was extremely poor. I have seen better high school productions. While two or three actors were ok, the rest were embarrassingly bad. No one could remember their lines and often stumbled or ad-libbed which increased the awkwardness of the entire show. However, it was the over acting and attempts at comedy that threw the show entirely off. After two scenes, I was wishing they would stop completely and let us eat in peace.
Drinks are not included in your $43 tickets, they also ask for a tip. Two tickets came to about $90, drinks came to about $20. If you include the $10 tip they ask for, this $120 date night would have been better spent elsewhere.
I love theatre and was hoping for a entertaining show with good food and a talented cast. It was very disappointing.This place is a real gem in the city. My wife and I had dinner in the wine cellar and it was amazing all the way around. The ambiance is second to none, eating in a private room by candlelight, with rose pedals covering the table was amazing. The food was also excellent. You will not be disappointed with Bistro Romano! Bravo to the staff!!The location and atmosphere are great but once you get seated, things start to fall apart. We weren't seen by our waitress for almost 10 minutes after we sat down. I had to return one of my cocktails after finding a dead fruit fly in it. The calamari was way over cooked, extra chewy, and just overall gross. My date's Mezza Luna platter was also overcooked and the pasta was burnt onto the plate. I will say that the fritter appetizer and lobster ravioli were good, nothing special but good, and our waitress was very friendly and polite, but for a $120+ dinner for two (inc. 4 drinks), I expect a lot more than that.In all of the restaurants I've gone for special occasions, this place the crème de la crème. My girlfriend was definitely impressed. Without a doubt a great place for anyone wanting to take their loved ones for a romantic evening. The decor is simply amazing and with such a great history. Not only did the owner stop by to congratulate us on our anniversary, he treated us a free after dinner drink. The highlight was the caesar salad made at the table which was delicious and the food was outstanding. Will go back soon. Oh ! and don't forget to reserve the private wine cellar table in advance.Nice little Italian restaurant that has a cozy feel and great for date night.  Food was delicious and service was amazing!  Buffalo mozzarella was amazing and I would order that again and again!  Goat cheese tortellini was a little too al dente for me but my boyfriend loved it.  Only con for me is it seemed as if the glasses were a little dusty that they were pouring your water in, probably because they are left sitting face up on the table until they're used.
All in all, I'd come back.We had dinner here for Valentine's Day yesterday and ordered from the Valentine's Day menu. I have a feeling we need to come here again for the regular menu because we definitely did not enjoy the food yesterday. Given the positive reviews here on Yelp, I'm hoping the underwhelming experience was specific to the place being packed on Valentine's Day weekend. Paid 75dollars per person for food that was not filling - lobster ravioli that was just ok, and filet mignon that was def overcooked. The ambience was very romantic and service was excellent though. Not recommend for Valentine's Day, at least based on our experience.Great, upscale Italian cuisine. Specials are always very enticing. Caesar salad made tables use to the customer's specifications, which is a nice touch. Cocktails and wine are on the pricey side. Bartender does not know how to make a proper Old Fashioned.Told everyone of my co-workers not to come here cause of my experience. Also they contact the wrong person about this review. Smhthe bar upstairs looks really cool- it has part of a wooden ship's sticking out on top of the bar- cool points for that in my book. BR is a cozy little eyetalian joint that me and the misses like. She likes the food a lot but I think the food is just a bit better than you average eyetalian food (unless you consider olive garden good eyetalian food in that case you would think Marco Battlaglia cooked here)-nothing overwhelming though, but I like the setting and the Caesar salad with anchovies and shrimp a lot- like stalker looking thru your bedroom window as you sleep a lot. I would stick to the pasta dishes- personal favorite lobster ravoli, some of the proteins have been overcooked a bit for my likening. Monday -Wed they have some pretty good deals on dinner (cheap pasta, lobster etc) in case you are tightening the wallet strings in our current fantastic economic situation - if any more of these bailout company exec get bonuses I'm moving to Greece.Excellent food and service, if you are going all out for a date I recommend the wine cellarGreat atmosphere. Incredibly attentive manager and staff. Food just ok. 
If we return it would be for a second try just because of the atmosphere and staff. Our server and the manager of the restaurant are incredible. Very accommodating and friendly. They made the night for us. 
The pine nut dip serve with the bread at the beginning of the meal is phenomenal. After that, everything else was just "ok". I got the Calamarata. The sauce was good but I had very little seafood in my dish. Extremely few tiny scallops, no clams at all (I searched my dish) 2 shrimp and 4 mussels. I don't recall the name of my husbands dish but it arrived cold and we had to send it back.We went here based on a recommendation for our hotel concierge; and I must say it was a great pick.  From the moment we walked in I felt like I was back in Italy, as the location is an old historic building that was a former granary.  Really neat atmosphere with lots of brick, stone and candles.  My wife described it as very romantic.  The food also did not disappoint, the caesar salad is prepared right in front of you and it was out of this world.  The entrees, we both had pastas, mine was a mushroom ravioli which had a nice combination of flavors with just the right amount of sage - delicious.  My wife had a veal osso bucco ravioli in a port wine sauce, again a great combination of flavors that were very delicate and sensational.  For dessert we had an excellent tira misu.   I look forward to returning on my next visit, as the place was over the top.This review is only for the mystery dinner. Let me just say the show and actors were amazing. I even had a few lines in it... I thought the audience participation was great. I was disappointed with the food. It was a fixed meal. Everyone gets salad, soup, choice of chicken/fish/pasta and dessert. The salad was just ok... Minestrone soup was tasty and they gave us fresh bread. The salmon was dry and had no flavor at all, plus they served it with plain blah white rice. Wasn't worth the calories so I saved it for my cheesecake. My boyfriend got a pasta dish with mushrooms and peppers, I wasn't impressed at all. The menu said cheesecake and I was so ready for it... I saw they started bringing out mini cannolis and tiramisu cakes. I was bummed but still happy to get dessert but by the time it got to us they were only giving out cannolis. Ugghh!!! I was really bummed! I not going to cross this off yet... I have to go back and just have dinner maybe it will be better.So I'll start off by saying of course I get restaurants are crazy on New Year's Eve! We had been to Bistro Romano before but over 3 years ago and had a nice meal but things have changed big time obviously. After waiting 30 minutes past our reservation we were seated a small table set up in the main walkway. I knew it was going to be bad from there. I asked the girl who sat us if tables were normally there and she laughed at me and said "only on nights like New Year's Eve" dropped our menus and turned around. Let me say the amount of servers walking by with silverware pointed out becomes terrifying when it's whizzing past your head! I also was elbowed twice in my back because again I was in the main walkway. 
We started off with a refrigerated scallop that was dry and flavorless. "Um I think it's chilled" when we asked our waitress. The salad course was just regular bag salad with croutons nothing special. I will say the spaghetti Nero (squid ink pasta with scallops and octopus) was really good and I would've been happy with that for my main. They were out of chicken for the main so I got the ravioli which consisted on just one big one with a half dollar size lump of ricotta. The rest of it was hard and dry. I had to laugh at it because I was still hungry and really trying not to be angry. The dessert was day old munchkins with some whipped cream. 
I still can't believe we paid $88 a person for the worst meal we've ever had. The table across from us was fighting about their bill for poor service and bad food too. I know servers have nothing to do with cooking the food and this was obviously management trying to pack people in and give them subpar food without a second thought. I'll never go back to Bistro Romano and I suggest you skip it too! There's so many better places for legit Italian food in the city.