My husband and I were in town for the weekend and wanted to try this place out after hearing about it online. I'm so glad we did because the vegan cheesesteaks were out of this world! I don't even understand how they make it taste so incredibly good, but it's sooooo delicious and so satisfying that now I want to drive 2 hours to Philly just to have lunch here!!Delicious.  I'm from LA where we have lots of vegan choices, however, we do not have the Setian Cheese Steak out here.  Nor do we have anything like the Hot Wings.  We got an extra order of both for our airplane trip back home.  Very delicious!Just started this vegan journey 2 weeks ago and this place has made the substitution amazing everything I taste was amazing I had the buffalo wings and pizza,with options like this I'll never go back thank you blackbird for making vegan everythingI grew up on cheesesteaks and chicken parm subs but only recently transitioned to vegan. Visited to see what all the hub-bug was about and was not disappointed. Both sandwiches were delicious. Juicy, flavorful and filling. The bread is good but the Philly kid in my does wish it was a bit more chewy like the Amoroso style rolls. Can't go wrong at this spot.Food was good, not great. The cheese steak pizza was good but the crust was very dry. Regular cheese slice was limp and bland, wings were very very good and spicy BBQ slice was almost inedible bc of the spiceyness (coming from someone who regularly uses spices in their cooking and eats Indian and Caribbean food often). I am subtracting 3 stars because the vibe was very unwelcoming. I visited tonight and ordered food to go. I paid with a card and left a cash tip, unsure if the girl at the register was aware that I had left a cash tip in the tip jar. A customer who ordered after me (wasn't in the store when I ordered &paid) came up to me while I was waiting for my food and publicly shamed me for not leaving a tip (she assumed I didn't tip at all). I have no idea how she knew the receipt with the $0 tip was mine and how she knew to come up to me, never met her before in my life, which leads me to believe an employee pointed me out to her & must've said something about me not leaving a tip on my card (despite the fact that I left a cash tip). She said "I just want you to know it's very f---ed up that you didn't leave a tip, these people live on the tips". I responded "I left a cash tip" & she stammered and said "well I saw the card thing" & walked away. it was very uncalled for and rude and frankly, bad for business to have customers be so rude to other paying customers and not offer an apology or rectify the situation. If an employee pointed me out to this other customer and told her I didn't leave a tip (which is inacureate) then that is highly unprofessional.Really nice vegan spot. I got a vegan cheesesteak there and thats only the 2nd vegan cheese steak I've ever had but it was really good. It was huge by the way, I honestly didn't think I was going to finish it but it was so good so I did lollz. Definitely going to come back to try the wings.We love this place. I plan my trips to Philly just so I can go there for lunch. I was there Saturday with my family. We had pizza, hot wings and cheese fries. Everything was good and the staff is always super nice. The girl at the register actually remembered me. 
My kids loved the cheese fries, too much, I barely got any.This review is for blackbird pizza in northern liberties.
Meal: dinner, pick-up
Order: philly cheese steak, chicken wings
Disclaimer: Im an omnivore, higher percentage carnivore. I'm picky about what i eat. 
I was impressed with this vegan place that i have heard so much about. I ordered the philly cheese steak and the chicken wings. While i was not in love with either dish, they were both pretty good considering it was all vegan. 
I saw some comments about issues with customer service. I personally had a wonderful experience. They actually got my name right on my order too, which is impressive. 
Overall experience, food, and service were good. I may return at some point to try the popular pizza dishes.I'm not vegan and I was wary about trying vegan food, but this was eye-opening. I had a pizza with seitan (first introduction to it; loved it!), which tasted like any regular pizza - great! Also ordered fries which took a long time to come and were sort of cold; ordering off the display is clearly the way to go unless you don't mind waiting.Great vegan pizza. Stopped for a quick lunch. 
Try spicy bbq very delicious. Prices are good tooBest vegan pizza in the city. Get the hay maker so delicious. Also try the delicious wings they come in multiple flavors so flavorful. Also try the parmesan chicken sandwich you won't even believe that it's not chicken.best vegan pizza ever. they import violife cheese from the UK which is inarguably the best vegan cheese on the market. i got 2 plain cheese slices, and added garlic powder, and the BBQ seitan. GO HERE and then go to the soy cafe a few stores down after for a smoothie to negate all of the pizza you've just eaten! (that's how that works right)?EXTREMELY good vegan pizza! Having not had pizza for a while, this really hit the spot. I also very very highly recommend the root beer BBQ wings, which are absolutely delicious. A bit on the pricey side, but very much worth it in my opinion. Seating is sort of at a premium during busy hours but we didn't have trouble getting a table for four.Ordered a whole veggie pizza last night - the WORST pizza ever!  The tomato sauce tasted lake paste.  There was something awfully wrong with this.  Just try calling them - they never answer the phone.Some good vegan food, especially the steaks, but I'm not a fan of their pizza at all and the worst part about this place is the staff. They're really unorganized whether there's a long line or not. I got asked multiple times what I ordered after ordering, then they made it for dining in instead of to go and it somehow took them another 5 minutes to correct that. Food coming out at different times, and the guys behind the counter aren't particularly friendly. If you want a vegan cheese steak this is the place to go but avoid it if bad service grinds you like it does me.We've been wanting go here for a while and live about 40 minutes out - with no traffic - so it's not like it's down the street. With a lot of vegan "meats" I get nervous because I'm it a huge fan but the food here is great!23 got the haymaker, cheese steak, Seitan Parm, and buffalo and root beer BBQ wings. Everything was good but the root beer bbq wings are beyond good and the cheese steak - as someone who grew up on them and hasn't had one for three years - perfect. Definitely going to make the trip again.I am not vegan but walking by this spot was immediately intrigued by the unique and tasty sounding menu! We picked up a slice of the Popeye which was incredibly delicious and tasted like a really good slide of garlic bread and olive oil. Yum! We also shared a Spicy BBQ pizza and while the seitan was delicious and we didn't miss chicken at all the pizza was much spicier than we expected! Also I'm not sure I love the creaminess of the vegan cheese. That being said, the crust was perfectly thin and crispy just the way we like it! We are looking forward to trying some of their other combinations.Love the vegan. Wish it was organic. 
5 stars = Cubano, cheese steak, calzone.  
3 stars= cheese steak pizza, Popeye pizza with cheez.  
2 stars= Popeye pizza as is (No cheese). 
Sauce for calzone was less than room temperature and would be tastier if heated.All vegan! Woooooo! Some of the best seitan I've EVER had, and the atmosphere was really cool- obviously a hangout spot for people in their twenties, with a punk vibe throughout. The food here could fool even the most stubborn of omnivores. We also got everything pretty quick- maybe fifteen to twenty minutes wait for our group of four. We sat out on the patio out back and it was gorgeous, loved the feel out there. This would be a perfect spot for dates and families alike. The only thing that brought it down to four stars for me was that our server was pretty rude and made the ordering process really confusing. It was pretty slammed and everyone in there seemed really overwhelmed and that made it kind of anxiety-inducing to be in there at first. I also should note we went there during the This is Hardcore festival and I think a lot of the diners that day were from the fest. Regardless, I'd absolutely recommend this to anyone, vegan and omni alike!Loved this place.  Got slices, and wings.  Everything was tasty, sauces were so delicious.  Bought some seitan to-go, (to NY), ratiining until our next visit.Went last night for the first time with a friend who frequents the other location. She said they didn't have everything on the menu that the other spot has, like fajita pizza, but that's here nor there. 
As a vegetarian I didn't think I'd be impressed by the cheese here but was totally down to try the "meats"
I had the sweet and spicy wings and yo. Listen. Go there for just these if you can't try more things out. And the dipping sauce they gave you was so refreshing and set it off. I also ordered a slice of spicy bbq pizza and when I say spicy I mean spicy. Forehead sweat, nose running, all that. And mind you I eat spicy every day. I don't think I could have had more than one slice in a sitting. I took a few bites of my friends cheese fries and it's mind blowing that they are as good, if not better, than a lot of the real cheese fries I tried. 
Must. 
Go. 
Again.When I lived in south philly black bird was my go to. Their cheese steak beats any meat eaters cheese steak in the city. That being said I've been eager to try this new location. I finally got a chance to check it out!
The BBQ wings are to die for! I actually think this location somehow someway was better than the south. But I could just be saying that because it's been a while since I've been to that one. 
Also the staff was awesome. We came in with a 1/2 to close. That's just not cool no matter how you swing it. The staff didn't mind. Even when we placed a second wings order.As a non-vegan I was not sure I would be a fan, but found the pizza is amazing. I would have given the Blackbird five stars but the downside to our meal was the obnoxiously loud heavy metal music playing. As a result the whole restaurant was yelling at each other! Great pizza - and the leftovers were also great the next day.Finally got to see the new location last weekend... they did a great job! I like how open and bright it is inside. The service was good and the food is still just as I remembered. I read a few reviews about not liking the switch of cheeses - seriously, this violife switch made the pizza even better!! As good as it was with daiya, you certainly couldn't eat a cold slice with daiya on it. Definitely would come back next time I'm in that area of philly!
We ordered a few to go slices, 4 wings, a cheesesteak and a chicken parm.  Totally worth the drive.We got the Haymaker pizza and the spicy sweet wings, the pizza was amazing, the crust was perfect, crispy in all the right places, soft interior but crispy, flavorful exterior, it tasted like wood fired grilled pizza. The toppings were seasoned well, veggie sausage, onion, and the garlic wasn't overpowering, the vegan cheese stretched like real cheese and added an abundance of flavor believe it or not, whatever vegan cheese they use is amazing, the sauce was good, well seasoned, fresh and didn't have that "tin taste". We also added pepperoni to ours, they definitely didn't skimp out on the toppings.
The wings were good, tasted like the real thing which was kind of scary lol but it was so crispy yet moist on the inside, it wasn't dry at all in fact it had a lot of sauce, I do prefer the buffalo style but the sauce was ok, we ended up adding some Texas Pete hot sauce which made it more spicy and less sweet, the side ranch sauce was fantastic, refreshing and cooling which paired well with the tangy wings. 
Overall we had an excellent takeout experience, definitely will be ordering from here again!I had expectations the pizza would be very good to excellent.  However, the cheese pizza slices I had were the worst pizza I have ever had.  The cheese and sauce were bland, odd tasting and lousy; the crust was tasteless.  This place identifies as vegan and maybe the pizza is reflective of that.  The service is slow and needs to improve and/or they need more help.  And, to top it off, their selection of cold drinks is too limiting.  They did not offer any diet or sugar free drinks and the only size bottled water was small.  I will probably not return and without some improvements this place may not make it.i'm very used to getting the pizza from here but i was in the area and stopped in and saw they have a BBQ sandwich now which is a plain dottie's donut with slaw, pulled bbq seitan, mushrooms, onions, and slaw. this sandwich is great and surprisingly filling, i couldn't even finish it. i do think that using a little less slaw would be better, i didn't think that it paired all that well but a ROOT BEER pairs really really well with this sandwich. 10/10 would recommend. also very fast service, cute outdoor seating area, friendly staff. all the things. can't wait till the south philly location opens back up!Two suggestions: have a vegan ranch instead of the green dipping sauce- and get better/thicker paperwear! That being said, I love this place. I only complain about the sauce because i as well as my friends would love just a normal ranch with our spicy wings- and the very thin and flimsy paper plates could be improved. It's nearly impossible to eat the delicious wings with plastic utensils as it is, and when you finally cut through them, it also cuts through the paper plate/container. These should be doubled up or improved to a higher quality of the option if actual silverware and plates are not an option. Air conditioning would be nice too but I digress. On to the positive. The food is amazing. It's pizzeria food but vegan. Do not expect healthy high class food- this is way better. Greasy but not gross. Tasty and wonderful. Some of the best vegan pizza I've ever had. The cheese fries are mouth watering. And I love the wings I just wish they were easier to eat. If you want a low key, quick vegan bite then I suggest either blackbird location. I've been to both. And prices are reasonable!I have eaten here several times and the food is good. Some things are GREAT! Like the Balboa pizza. But what isn't great is the service and set up of the restaurant. If it's busy, when you walk in there is a jam of people deciding what they want to order and ppl ordering and ppl picking up their order and delivery services all jammed in the entrance. 
Today we ordered a sandwich, fries and a pizza to go. After 10 min the sandwich was ready but the cashier said we were still waiting on the pizza. FIFTEEN min later the pizza was ready. The fries were in the bottom of the bad cold and mushy. They gave us more but why have fries sitting in a container with the condensation making them inedible? Better organization of orders and cooking the food so it's all done at the same time and a better entry way would make this place 10Xs better. However, the food is above average, the service is not.Best. Pizza. Ever. I had two slices - the mushroom and the spicy barbecue. They were both amazing!!if you've ever been to the original blackbird location, you know about the food. it's still just as amazing at this location! the new place is so cool. bigger and air conditioned!! really neat exposed brick wall and a big menu right in front. It's so nice to have a blackbird so much closer to where I live! I can walk here now :3 hooray!! love u blackbirdThe rumors are true their vegan Philly cheesesteak is amazing!!! Their "chicken" Parm sandwich is awesome too! This is a lot of food and very filling! Don't miss out on this place if you are vegetarian or vegan. Really if you are a meat eater you should still try this out!The pizza at Blackbirds is AMAZING! It was worth the fight through Philadelphia traffic and parking spot hunt. All the slices we had were perfection. The only thing better than their pizza is their wings! My son, after taking his first bite, said, "Oh my God, oh my God, Oh my God...." When we had devoured them he said, "this is the best "chicken" I've ever had... this may be the best day of my life!" The only reason I'm giving them a four instead of a five is due to the disappointing Cubano which was overly toasted (burnt-bitter bread). We'll go back regardless, and I highly recommend this place! If one location is closed, take the time to find the other. It's worth the hunt. The staff is skilled and friendly. The cookies are also great!I visited Philadelphia two weekends ago and am so happy that I made the time to check this place out! They had the BEST vegan Philly cheese steak that I've ever tasted!! I dare to say that it tasted better than any non vegan cheese steaks that I've had in the past. I also tried a slice of their supreme pizza. It was perfection. Highly recommend this place!!Too much of the price of the food is based around novelty/substitution and achieving a standard aesthetic.  I place no premium on nostalgia or idealizing conventionalism, which is a shame, because the execution is there.I have been so very disappointed with your Northern Liberties location!!!! Once a week Friday night trips to Blackbird. South Street use to hit the spot. Unfortunately this new location: The phone line is always busy, lucky for me as soon as someone does answer they usually also hang up. My pizza is usually burnt. Oh and today I waited 20 minutes for two slice, because dude simply forgot oh and it was cold!!!! Lucky for me my husband also order a small pizza so we shared that. I have been Vegan all my life, no novice here. Please guys I get it I was also a cook for ten years, but you guys have been around too long to start falling off.A queer oasis awaits you outside of Philly's city center. After reading positive review after positive review, I knew that I had to visit Blackbird on my trip to Philadelphia. While I initially ended up at their South Street- which was closed- I was not deterred. The mile and half walk to Northern Liberties provided some hunger pangs that Blackbird more than too care of.
It took about 5 minutes for me to order food, as the counter/kitchen service was very busy. The folks behind the counter were friendly and inviting and I felt safe there with my partner. We ordered the seitan philly cheesesteak and a side of fries. The food took about 15 minutes to come out. They were pretty slammed with take-out orders and we just happened to beat the rush when we arrived.
Their whole menu is vegan, but I was drawn to the cheesesteak because it's Philly and how could two vegetarians not enjoy something so iconic to the city of brotherly love!? Even when I ate meat, I never had a cheesesteak, but this was pure gold to me and satisfied those protein cravings I get. The melted cheese on top surprised me because it didn't taste vegan- and I've had vegan cheese (it isn't that amazing most of the time). I do think the cheesesteak could have been a little hotter, but I also understand they were pretty slammed and probably didn't have time to carry everything out at the same time. The seitan was seasoned well, but the star of that dish was the bread. The French baguette it was on was chewy and soft and warm. I LOVED that bread and wished I had gone to the physical location of the Lost Bread Company- that's how good that bread was. 
The fries were my favorite- skins on and double fried with big flakes of sea salt. I am a fry connoisseur and any place that leaves the skins on is doing it right. When I return to Philly you will find me back in line (I'll Uber there next time). The atmosphere was casual, queer-friendly and I'm looking to try their vegan wings and hopefully their pizza (since it is called Blackbird Pizza). Tip the counter staff and don't stress about the wait time because it's worth it for a vegan place that's doing vegan food right.Went with a group of people for our monthly pizza club. Had just about every pizza on the menu. As well as the hot chicken sandwich, the cheesesteak, and the chicken parm sandwich.
The sandwiches were great.
The pizzas were also great, except for anything that had Violife mozzarella on it. The mozzarella had the sticky consistently of elmer's glue mixed with spackle, and pretty much ruined everything it touched. Would have been much better if they just didn't put it on the pizzas, or used the ricotta instead (which could have passed for real ricotta). The other ingredients were very fresh and flavorful, though. The crust was also top notch. Never would have known it was vegan, if it weren't for that mozzarella. And this is coming from a carnivore.
Also, please note that this place is NOT BYOB. We made this mistake. We were told they are kosher and do not allow alcohol to be brought in.I loved all of the food here! I came here with my family, so we split a bunch of different items for lunch. We started with the root beer BBQ wings, which were served steaming hot. They were delicious and a great start to the meal. Next, I tried the vegan cheesesteak, which was awesome. I would definitely get that again and again. I can't really say how it compares to a real cheesesteak, but I also don't really care, because it was delicious.
For pizza, we got both the Haymaker and the Funghi. The Haymaker has tomato sauce, seitan sausage, red onion, and cheese. It seems like a solid standby option - nothing too crazy, but all of the traditional Italian flavors. Even though I'm not a big fan of mushrooms generally, I enjoyed the Funghi pizza as well, which has assorted mushrooms, cheese and truffle oil. I definitely think it's the truffle oil that won me over!
We left Blackbird super stuffed and satisfied, and I look forward to coming back here the next time I make it back to Philly. I've only been to this location, but my parents, who have been to both, definitely preferred the parking situation here over the South Street spot.Ok ok.... for now this review is gonna be short and sweet. The food is great. And you should probably be on your way here. Everything is worth tasting. 2 of my favorites are the Spicy BBQ Pizza and the Grilled Veggie Wrap. Try it.Bomb vegan cheesesteak. The bread was so fresh and soft and really made it special. The seitan had the perfect beef-like texture and flavor. I wasn't feeling the cheese as much, but I rarely like vegan cheese. Wish the onions and cheese were more evenly distributed across the seitan, as they easily fell out of the sandwich while eating. All around a must try for a vegan in Philly.This place is incredible! It looks like a regular pizza place, but everything is vegan. I was so excited to try their food as a newly converted veganite haha. Anyway, I sampled three of their slices...all were delicious. I think spicy bbq was my favorite. We also tried their fries and the seitan fried chicken with a salad. Fries were good and the salad was good - the fried thing was not bad.
 Honestly, I could keep eating that pizza it was so good. The only thing for me was the next day I had so much acid in my stomach from the gluten in the doe. I try to be gluten free and I guess from not eating gluten for so long my body reacted. It's a shame because the food tasted so good! I just wish they were gluten-free!! 
If you're vegan and gluten doesn't bother you...this place is incredible! For me, I will have to keep searching for that pizza that doesn't wake me up in the morning with acid tongue. Oh well, I appreciate the experience Blackbird :)For starters, this whole place is vegan... once that has set in, the slice I had was fantastic! The crust was crispy and well textured, the sauce wasn't too sweet or bitter and somehow the "cheese" in not real cheese.
We made this a destination dinner before a concert while in Philadelphia and I wish it was right around the corner from my house. We had pizza, cheese fries, a cheese steak and a calzone. If I had to make only 1 recommendation it would be for the calzone. Absolutely delicious. I would eat there again in a heartbeat. 
There is some seating up front and some in the back. Looks like they did a fair amount of takeout orders while we were there, but we ate in house. Very friendly and welcoming staff willing to make recommendations and answer questions. They only have bottled soda, but it was also very good. Pricing was about average for places we've been to in Philly and NYC, but the quality is very high. This place should be a must try for vegans and pizza lovers alike...Gotta try the "cheesesteak" pizza! Introduced this spot to friends and they all love itThis place is the same great Blackbird I love.  Not sure why upstairs neighbor is complaining about living upstairs from a restaurant and not commenting on the actual food.  Welcome to mixed use city living!  What did you expect when you rented an apartment above a retail storefront?  Sounds like you should contact your landlord and ask them to work out a way to live together.They've changed the Cubano recipe and now it just tastes like mustard. The seitan is slimy with a thick coat of cheese. Nasty. 
They play bad 90s radio tunes at the NoLibs location. 
No wifi. 
Been a longtime lover of Blackbird but I'm disappointed tonight.when they say spicy, they mean SPICY!! We're not vegan, but it did the trick for us. absolutely delicious. Funny enough, we yelped vegetarian friendly, and this place didn't come up. something seriously wrong with the search mechanismWaited 45 minutes and after checking in they realized order never went through. New space is bigger but was freezing and staff was not apologetic about delay. Was excited about the food but experience was so bad it was not worth it.You guys, I'm not vegetarian and I'm not vegan, and it doesn't matter at all cuz this place is one of my faves!!! I am obsessed with the pizza, but those wings.  Go. Get. The. Wings. Now. Right now.  The rootbeer BBQ is my favorite but also loved the habanero buffalo (they aren't kidding around though, they are burn your face off hot). Really just adore everything about this place.  Haven't ordered anything I didn't like here.  Great new addition to the neighborhood.Do not let the menu fool you, this place is 100% Vegan. The best thing on the menu is the vegan chic'n parmesan . The two big problems with the place is the consistency of the quality of the food. When it's done right the chicken Parmesan is five out of five stars. However, when it's not done right it's at best one out of five stars, and I'm being generous. Another problem I have is with their fake cheese that they use on the pizza. To be blunt, the the cheese they use is just awful. The best advice I can give you is to either order a pizza with no cheese or ask them to put very little cheese on it. A cheese-less pizza from them is four out of five stars. My favorite pizza is the sausage. The desserts are all awesome! The Whoopi Pies are fantastic. The tuna salad sandwich is quite delicious, but I admit it is somewhat of an acquired taste for me and is not for everyone.I am not going to write a long ass review. 4 words will suffice: Best Pizza in PA. Nuff said.The best vegan pizza I have had. The cheese is what made it special. We each got a small pizza and both were delicious. The cheese fries were also delicious and they are generally hard to find vegan.I'm not a vegan and I don't have much experience with vegan food. 
My friend has been getting into the vegan lifestyle and heard about this place and wanted me to give it a try with her.  
When we went, we ordered a bbq chicken pie and cheese fries on the side. 
Now I'm not entirely sure what all of this stuff was made of, all I can say is that was one of best bbq chicken pizza slices I've ever had! I really could not taste the difference between a real bbq chicken slice and this vegan one. 
The fries on the other hand were a bit of a disappointment. They lacked flavor and didn't have that crispy texture I was looking for. The cheese sauce wasn't bad though. 
I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again simply because it's a little pricey for pizza (I think our total ended up being around $30+), however I'd definitely recommend that everyone give this place a try.Had the Balboa last night and sat out back. The pizza was awesome! Will definitely be going back.This place is simple. Sandwiches and pizza and both are done SO well. 
I personally prefer the Seitan chicken parm over their cheesesteak. I know they're rated as one of the best for vegan cheesesteaks but to me it tastes a little dry and burnt. 
Their pizza slices are the real standouts, pretty much all are delicious. They're quick to heat up and you're on your way.Philadelphia's premiere all vegan pizza and sandwich shop. What can I say that hasn't already been said before? This is not a health-food place, it's a pretty typical pizza shop - just no meat or dairy. 
I suggest the root beer bbq wings, cheese (seitan) steak and whatever the pizza special may be. If it's your first time here, get a few things with someone and try it all. You won't be disappointed.I didn't have any pizza, but ordered the chickpea "tuna" hoagie to dine in. Thankfully it didn't taste like tuna, but it was tasty and huge!Their pizzas are very inconsistent. On a whole they are dry and lack sauce and toppings. The crust tastes like cardboard. For the price it is definitely worth skipping.I know this is Blackbirds new location but it was my first vegan pizza ever. I've heard great things about blackbird and even better now that changed their cheese. I got a slice of beetza and a slice of fajita and OMG. Everything was perfect and I recommend any pie with "ricotta" on it as it's scary similar to the real thing. Heavily impressed with blackbird living up to their reputation.I love the pizza here!!!! Such good vegan slices. So many good choices, last time I was here I think I had vegan barbecue chicken. I enjoy their Caesar salad and how they put capers in!! The cheese fries are amaZing, I like their fake cheese. The fake buffalo wings are good, however , I wish they had classic buffalo as a flavor. Deff worth it if you're vegan or vegetarian and are craving fake meat.Great food, would recommend the vegan chicken parmesan sandwich and a blueberry soda.I've been vegan almost a decade & have had lots of good vegan food, whether comfort or gourmet but that was the first vegan cheesesteak worthy of being called a Philly cheesesteak.  They make the Seitan in-house & you can buy it and take it home.  The way it is shredded, the texture was on point.  Pizza was great too.  Wings weren't rubbery the way vegan wings sometimes are, had a crunch to them reminiscent of skin.  I don't care if vegan food reminds me of animal products as long as it tastes good, but there is certainly nothing wrong with recreating foods plant based when it can be done this successfully.If you're wondering if Blackbird pizza still has "it", they do. I highly recommend the BBQ wings, which only got tastier and more addictive as I went on. 
Overall, there's not a ton of seating area so I would probably recommend takeout, pickup, or stopping only for quick eats. Service is average speed, so don't expect fast-food level quickness.Heard about this place a few years ago and I finally came to try it out with my sister who is a vegetarian. The cheese fries were really good, the fries were nice a crispy, and the cheese cause was really smooth, and tasted very similar to real cheese. We both got the cheesesteaks, and they're huge, I could barely eat mine, so I took most of it home. I wish the cheese was better distributed throughout the sandwich, as it was mostly just on the top, but it was still really good. I'd recommend this place to someone who was vegetarian/vegan.oh blackbird, you will always be my #1 vegan junk food/cheat day/delicious choice.  As much as I miss the original location on 6th, the noLibs spot is wonderful.  We went around 9pm on a sunday and pretty much ordered everything... as you do.  personal BB faves: cubano and the caesar salad.  also love the wings; we usually go for the habanero hotties but this time tried a different flavor.  these wings are always delicious but I really do prefer the hot ones, with that yummy green sauce.  get extra!   we also tried a couple slices; one was a bbq thing and the other was the mushroom.  I don't typically love mushrooms that much but this particular pizza was delish. pretty sure there is a truffle oil component.   so, the moral of the story is, go to blackbird.  order any and everything.  bring home leftovers.  repeat.Meh... didn't realize it had open till I saw somebody walking out the door today. Lacks street presence. Thought I'd give it a try because my regular spot was crowded. 
Disappointing... staff seemed indifferent to my being there. Different story when the hipsters with the septum piercings showed up though. Employee working the register suddenly chatty. 
Edible... pizza was ok. Definitely overpriced. I had a slice of the "Cheesesteak pizza". Hardly any steak on it. Lacked flavor. If you are looking for offbeat meals on pizza crust, walk a few more blocks to one of the originators of this pizza style: Rustica.
Empty storefront... I really did walk by this location 3 or 4 times before I realized it was open. Sign is hung too high to notice. No window or door graphics. Inside feels like a franchise trying not to look like a franchise and failing. Lacks any uniqueness whatsoever.I love Blackbird. I crave there wings especially the Sweet and Spicy. It's my absolute favorite. But, I will say it's a little expensive so I can't make a habit of getting them. I've also found the service to be friendly and quick - regardless of delivery or takeout. I'm not a fan of the pizza but I think it's because I still eat cheese.
There is a ton of seating so if you are interested in hanging around. I will definitely be back and recommend it to anyone vegan or vegetarian.I really want to like this place more. While I appreciate what they're trying to do, the quality and consistency could improve. I have eaten here several times, and have tried most things on the menu. Sometimes the pizza is great (the haymaker is my favorite), but a lot of the times it tastes undercooked, and seems soggy and a bit slimey with too much cheese and not enough sauce. The sandwiches are okay, but the rolls are a bit chewy, and they are sloppily made with all of the ingredients falling out before even taking a bite. I like that they have some dessert options from Vegan Treats. Blackbird has so much potential ! But there are so many other great vegan spots in the city.Love the new location. Great atmosphere and set up with lots of seating thanks to a back room area. Staff was super warm and welcoming. Got the fajita pizza as usual as well as spicy sweet wings and a cheese steak. It was my first time getting my hands on the wings. SO GOOD. My meat eating husband was astonished at their flavor and texture. We took a few leftovers since we ordered so much food and the wings reheated well in the oven. Definitely getting them again! 
BLACKBIRD NEVER DISAPPOINTS.They have real good chicken piccata and the Vegan steak tartare was impressive. 
Go there for the Mountain Dew on draft. It's VeGan!I normally love Blackbird, but they should be ashamed of themselves and the food they are giving to their customers. I understand busy but when you give them 90+ min to make a pick up order and you get it home and it's subpar it ridiculous. The small pizzas should be 12 inches, the plain pie I got was so small, probably 8 inches at best. The cheesesteak pie was all cheese no "meat" and the cheese fries, which are $6, had no cheese on them. I should have just gotten fries. The beet pizza only has the veggies on half of it. $100 worth of food and it was so unappetizing.My sixth time in Philly and, having done all the touristy stuff, my only goal this time around was to explore Northern Liberties and Fishtown to see what white hipsters are up to. While discussing dinner plans over a non-dairy draft latte at La Colombe Fishtown, my bf and I decided to try some vegetarian cheesesteaks. I knew of 3 options - HipCityVeg, Wiz Kid, and Blackbird. For whatever reason, Blackbird appealed to me the most, and I begrudgingly told him that we need to call a car since it was the farthest option, until I looked it up on Yelp and realized BP just opened a new joint less than 15-minute away by foot.
We came for the sandwich and stayed for the Balboa slice, which was unbelievably tasty and even better than (1) most slices in NYC, (2) most pizza with meat and (3) most pizza that is literally not covered in arugula. The sandwich was also good but less comparable to the meaty original.
The service here is fantastic. I overheard the cashier explain to a customer over the phone that there is no table service here and it's totally casual and no frills. However, the cook and the cashier actually brought all the food items to our table and were all so friendly and nice. I would come back here every time I'm in town and will try the ginormous vegan whoopie pies.Great place for a vegan grub sesh. Not too many healthy things here but still a great spot. My personal favorite for vegan pizza in the city. This location is also much bigger about double the size of the original location. Definitely a must if you're vegan and have never gone before. 
Get the Balboa pizza!!Probably great for people who are vegan, but as an omnivore I found the pizza to be surprisingly okay for being all vegan. It's what you'd expect from vegan pizza, but a little better. I can't think of another place I know of that serves vegan pizza, so this must be a godsend and a much-welcome, convenient food option for ethical eating. Prices are reasonable, not much of a wait when I went.The pizza is absolutely delicious. I had the fungi pizza while my brother had a special (tofu Ricotta with tomatoes and broccoli.) 
We also shared their seitan cheesesteak, which was disappointing... the flavor wasn't wonderful. It didn't really taste or depict a real cheesesteak either. So we thought it was good enough to eat at the moment but would never order again. 
For dessert, we had a couple of their sugar cookies. Those were delicious! We loved how soft and doughy they were. 
We will definitely be back to share a pie!The wings are the absolute best seitan chicken I've ever had....and I've had a lot! The BBQ pizza was by far the best for pizza slices. If you're going to get a Philly something there, then make it the sandwich. It was much better than the pizza. If I go back then I think we'd just get wings and a bunch of sandwiches to split so that we can try them all. The pizza is good, but the sandwich items are really worth splurging on! This PNW vegan is a happy camper after eating at Blackbird! Get a BBQ slice, sandwiches and wings for a good time.This new location of Blackbird serves up those same thinner, crispy creative slices of plant based pizza as the original location. Really tasty "cheesesteaks", sammies and fantastic desserts which I think are overlooked here and definitely shouldn't be. Grab one to go. You won't be disappointed! The chocolate pb bomb is soooo great!! 
My favorite slice still remains the "cheesesteak" which has rosemary garlic seitan, garlic butter, violife cheese, grilled onions, green peppers, vegan whiz. So "cheesy" and absolutely delicious!! 
Another favorite is the "Popeye" which has wilted spinach, olive oil, green olives, sliced garlic, crispy shiitake mushrooms, pumpkin seed pesto. Oh that pumpkin seed pesto!! Phenomenal! I love it! Be careful though...there's definitely bug hunks of garlic in this one so if that's not your thing, just be sure to remove them first. 
I'm not sure why, but I only ever come to Blackbird for slices. They do offer whole pies also! I think I have to grab one soon! 
Complimentary water by the fixings bar in the back room. Interesting soda options, seitan, and some pudding and such in the fridge case. 
Prices are a tad higher than a normal dairy slice but anything vegan generally is. I don't mind. 
Service was fine my first visit here but overall the joint isn't know for their overly friendly employees. Definitely a "too cool for school" vibe going on at Blackbird in general. 
This shop has easy unmetered 2 hour street parking and is much brighter and bigger than the other one. I loved sitting at a bar stool people watching out the front window on a gorgeous day! 
I prefer this location and will certainly be back! YUM!Once I decided to go to Philly , I know I had to try this 100% Vegan Pizza everyone was raving about. 
I decided to get a large pie haymaker without red onions. The wait for the pie was about 30 mins so I definitely would advise you to call in advance to avoid the wait. However, that might of been because I ordered a whole pie , you can also order slice as well as a small pie. 
The pizza was really good ! I do wish there was more sauce then cheese on the pie but I probably should just order a different pie. All in all I would highly recommend everyone to try this. 
The service was really nice and they helped out and gave me updates on how much longer it would take.100% vegan and 100% delicious. My friend and I have recently been trialing a vegan diet, so we decided to give this plane a try. We got the Veggie Supreme pizza, and wow it was delicious! A little floppy, but otherwise really good. Could not tell it was a "vegan" pizza. Highly recommend!Ordered delivery from here tonight... after reading so many good reviews, shocked at what I got. Wings, cheesesteak, and cheese fries - all arrived cold. Fries were soggy. Cheesesteak was just carelessly slapped together and completely doused in the cheese sauce which was weirdly sweet. Wings were heavy, fried to oblivion, and covered in a sauce that was almost too hot to be edible (and I'm generally a fan of spicy food). Bad.... just bad.So when we walked in the Pizza Shop we were greeted by a helpful waitress.  She answered any questions that we had concerning the ingredients used for the pizza.  So we tried the Hawaiian Pizza, Cheese Pizza, Buffalo Pizza and Best of all Cheesesteak Pizza... OMGEEEE they were all delicious.   This place you have to tryWent there with some friends and had a great evening over some fantastic vegan wings. We pigged out on the wings and the Barbecue was by far my favorite. Highly recommend.My fiance' treated me here twice now. Im sorry I wasnt able to review sooner... but OMG. This place is amazing. If you're looking for a 'real' cheesesteak taste for vegetarian/vegan... This is perfect! Yet, I actually sat down and had a slice recently. OH MY GLOB, the freakin' mushroom pizza was the BEST I ever had in my life!The best vegan pizza I have ever tried. The haymaker was absolutely amazing. I brought it back to work and all of my vegan coworkers went nuts. It had just the right amount of garlic. The crust was just the perfect thinness. 
I also tried the Philly cheese steak while is on this crunchy chewy hoagie bun. It's a little bit greasy but I did not mind it. 
Lastly, I tried the beet salad. It had caramelized onions and beets in assorted colors.  It was a really tasty and unique salad. I will be getting all of these items again plus the wings.Order the Haymaker. So good. Quick delivery too!Ambiance leaves much to be desired, but it is a pizzeria! Staff is a little aloof, but it's always busy. Food is just out of this world! I'm not vegan, but I swear their cuban is one of the best, meat or no meat, I've ever had! Definitely worth a stop!!The BEST Pizza!  Wow, I am so glad I made the trip.
The red sauce had such an amazing flavor.  We got the Fungi mushroom pizza (no cheese) and wished we would have gotten it with the red sauce that was on the Haymaker slice but the garlic sauce was delic too.
I wasn't sure about the wings but the habanero citrus sauce hit the spot.  It wasn't super hot and of course it is not a wing but it was perfect for "chicken.
There were so many things on the menu I wish I would have had more time to go back.
"Delivery" is brought on a pedal bike so I can see why we were out of the delivery area.
The people were friendly and helpful.  The place is small and a nice hole in the all.  Is that an OXY?
It was warm without A/C but the night wasn't too bad.
The lemon vegan cupcake also hit the spot.
We lucked out and found a parking spot down street.  Best date night!
Would love to go back.So. I am neither a vegan. Nor am I a huge pizza fan.  BUT if pizza tasted like it does at Blackbird Pizzeria at every pizza joint, it might be the only food I ever consume. Seriously. What dark magic is going on in that deliciously crispy dough? What secret ingredient do they have to make the funghi pizza so craveworthy?
I was completely blown away. The funghi pizza and the chickpea parm had me smiling like it was Christmas. Both tasted better than their traditionally meat/egg/cheese filled counterparts. 
I honestly cannot wait to go back and try more items on the menu. Absolutely fantastic.I went here today with my brother. We both got cheesesteaks and a pepperoni pie. The pizza was amazing. Perfect dough, great sauce, daiya cheese and the best pepperoni ever. It's awesome to be able to go to a pizzeria and get a huge selection of delicious vegan pies. I want to try all varieties. The cheesesteak was really good, my only complaint was the roll. I was expecting/wanting a soft amoroso style long roll, but they use a ciabatta like situation, which I found to be too thick and hard and took focus from the filling. Which was perfect. I love the filling! It was super thin sliced seitan with perfectly grilled onion and mushroom. The flavor was really good. I cant wait to try the cakes, other pizzas sandwiches, and cole slaw. Im pretty pumped for the coleslaw. Im just so happy to have an all vegan pizza/sandwich shop here, and I encourage everyone to support it! If youre vegan this is a must try, and if youre not you should check it out for a tasty and familiar introduction to vegan fare.This was hands down the most amazing vegan pizzas I've ever had the delight to taste. The "cheese" was deliciously melted and the mushroom toppings were so flavorful! It was a little on the oily side and I would have preferred less salt, but that's just me being picky. 
The reason I gave Blackbird four stars instead of five is because I found the crust a bit disappointing. It was very hard and burned on the bottom--not doughy as I had expected. Granted, it might be because the pizza was delivered and wasn't exactly fresh out of the oven. Also, the cookies on their dessert platter were rock hard and too sweet. 
Overall, great pizza place, just not so sure about the desserts.With the high ratings, had to try this place!  Glad I did.  Before changing my diet, I use to eat cheese, now that I don't, it was fantastic to have the Soy Cheese and the different toppings that Blackbird puts on their Pizza's.  Crust is fantastic, too.
I want to stop by again and have their Wings, as they are homemade from Seitan.  
Small, intimate place, nice folks, great Vegetarian Pizza.I finally made it out to Blackbird and I was not disappointed at all. This is by far the best vegan wings I've had in Philadelphia. Obviously extremely unhealthy but AMAZING. I highly recommend. We got the spicy sweet and they were incredible. I might go back for more next week! For pizza we got the Haymaker and the Balboa both of which were definitely tasty, but being vegetarian I'm not as excited by vegan cheese. I would definitely recommend to vegans. Be warned that prices aren't as cheap as your normal pizza joint!This is my first time here. Soooo yummy! I had the haymaker slice of pizza with sweet spicy wings. My husband had the seitan cheese steak. Yoooo that was so good too. He let me have a bite. Anyways, I def recommend this place.I recently went vegan for lent.. and have been craving cheese. most soy cheese isn't vegan... and most vegan cheese is gross.. Blackbird uses this daiya cheese that is super gooey and tasty... NICEEEEEEE
We went with the bbq mushroom slice, the pepperoni slice an the cheesesteak. all of which were tasty. I'm not really a fan of BBQ sauce but the cheese helped a ton. everything else was GREAT. I can't wait to go back .. I love how the "cheesesteak" was thinly sliced though. But as previous reviewers stated, the bread was all wrong.This place is the bomb for a Philly cheesesteak!! How awesome that it harms no animals! Yup it's vegan! Kale salad rocked too!!Blackbird was a great find for my husband and I who recently adopted a plant based diet.  We ordered the seitan cheesesteak and the chickpea parm sandwich. The quality of the ingredients in addition to the convincing favors and texture of the sandwiches was incredibly impressive. 
No question, 5 stars!!One of my favorite places in philly. The brunch pizza is amazing. Everything is amazing.This place blows Giana's out of the water. They took what was once a vegan must eat place when passing through Philly and made it great again. Pizza's are just how I like them, rough around the edges. And of course they use Daiya. What really stood out to me was the vegan Philly Cheesesteak which, in my opinion, is the best you can find anywhere. Definitely worth going out of your way for.the bf has been searching for places to check out cause i'm vegetarian/pescatarian. he was the one that insisted we check out this divey place. he had the seitan cheesesteak and i the smoked tofu cubano. I'm a fan! love that there are places like these around the city. even my carnivore bf enjoyed his "cheesesteak". can't wait to try the other items on the menu. even if your not vegan, it's a bet that you'll still like this place.Blackbird Pizzeria is a serious player in the burgeoning Vegan-only scene in Philly. The pizzas are the main offerings on the menu but because this is Philadelphia - there is a non-pizza item on the menu that gets the most buzz - The Vegan Philly Cheesesteak.  Made from seitan and with the fine textured Daiya Vegan cheese from Vancouver, this cheesesteak is very tasty.  No, it doesn't have the exact same taste as a meat-based cheesesteak ... but why would it?  It's still messy good!
The main thing here to make this a five star place is to add a few amenities and condiments for those dining in. For example - have napkins available at the tables (food here is on the messy side.)  In fact add some cutlery options.  Have more hot sauces available than a fairly bland one.  Keep the condiments filled - the one red pepper flakes container was completely empty - and identify them. (I have no idea what a bright yellow powder was.)   Maybe put out a pitcher of water so people can help themselves.  Have the trash/recycle bins in the area where people are eating instead of up front by the front door. Overall, just make everything a little more user friendly.So amazingly good that my wife and I have eaten here every single time we've passed through Philly. Once or twice, we even went out of our way to stop into Philly to eat here! 
Our favorite is the cheesesteak, bar none. The bread tastes perfectly wheaty and is golden brown and crusty -- perhaps overly so since biting in tends to squeeze out the steak? But it fits that a pizzeria would make in-house the best bread I've ever had in a sub. 
They used to have my personal "Best Pizza Ever" spot, but since the powers that be created "NUMU cheese" -- the vegan cheese so good that it may as well be real mozzarella -- that spot has rightfully gone to a certain Brooklyn pizzeria. I wish these guys would carry NUMU, especially since they collaborate with said Brooklyn pizzeria. But Blackbird's specialty pies are still top notch.I am laying off the red meat for a bit, and was ironically visiting Philly for the first time.  Can't go here without having the legendary cheesesteak, right?  So decided to search for vegan cheesesteaks, and found this place- hoping to get the best of both worlds.
Firstly- this place is a mild trek from the train station.  This is a good thing, considering the indulgent meal I was about to have.
Atmosphere:  Quite clean, but a little dark, due to the dim lighting and mahogany wood wainscoting on the walls.  The place had a decent crowd, but it wasn't packed @ all. I don't know if it's usual for a Sunday afternoon, or because it was Memorial Day weekend.
Service:  Meh...here and there.  I placed my order with the cashier (a seitan cheesesteak), quite clearly I assumed, pick a table to sit down while I wait for my order.  About 10 minutes later, the cashier (quite obnoxiously) asks if I was ready to take my order.  I told him, I had already placed it and was just waiting to pay him for it.  He then tells me he didn't hear my order, so it was never placed, and he apologizes.  Since I had time to kill, it wasn't a big deal... but didn't like how obnoxious he was to me when he thought I just sitting around, not placing an order.
My order finally comes (about 15-20 mins later).  Nicely sized sandwich, soft ciabatta roll...blandest sandwich I ever tasted in life. Not even an oversaturation of salt, pepper, hot sauce and ketchup could save this tasteless meal. :\
Vegan cheesesteaks should never be a thing IMO.This was the first time trying vegan pizza and let me tell you it was actually really delicious. I had gone vegan this year for lent and was really missing pizza, especially since my co-workers order it almost every other day it seems. The dough was unique and some of the best I ever had. I opted for the nacho pizza and it was very good. My girlfriend and I went here on a Friday night around 7pm and it was pretty crowded and it took at least a good 20 minutes for fresh pies to come out, which was fine since we weren't in a rush. I would recommend trying this if you aren't vegan, you won't be disappointed. They had some old Danzig albums playing in the background and plenty of colorful people coming in and out, a great experience.Super casual pizza shop with plenty of thin crust pizza options that can be ordered by the slice. The meatless wings were crispy and the texture of the "meat" was surprisingly appetizing. The cheese fries were okay but looking back at the reviews, I should have tried the vegan cheese steak. Vegan or not, it's worth a visit if you are in the area.First time here tonight.  We probably drove around for an hour looking for parking, but it was well worth it.  The place is tiny,so seating is limited. We ordered vegan cheesesteaks, fries,  and vegan wings.  The fries came out first,  and they were really good.  I'm not a huge fan of fries, but these were fresh, some of the skin still on,  not that greasy,good fries. The cheesesteaks.OMG the cheesesteaks.OMG. did I mention.  O.M.G. they were out of this world.  Vegan or not,  that sh*t was freaking good!! I had a mouthgasm.such euphoria from these..everyone needs to go to this joint and try one.  Now.  The wings were so tasty..I've never had real wings to compare it with, but they were thick, juicy, and delicious.  My husband said they were extremely close to the real thing.  We are absolutely  positively going to be going back.  From nj but  it is worth the drive.I had been looking forward to eating here for a while so was unfortunately disappointed when I eventually did. The main reason being the grubbiness of the place. It looks like it needs someone to jet wash the whole place top to bottom - it's just really grotty. From walls to ceiling to sticky, dirty tables. The food itself is not bad - the pizza is nothing special but the wings are tasty.I used to be a huge fan of Blackbird.  I loved their food, the atmosphere, their staff.  Unfortunately, there was an incident that has stopped me from ever eating there again.  My friend and I went in for vegan cheese steaks which are normally delicious.  As I sat down to eat mine, I felt a hair in my mouth. I was disgusted, but put it aside and kept eating.  Then I felt another hair in my mouth.  I looked down and saw several more hairs in my cheese steak.  I should have taken my sandwich back, but I didn't want to embarrass my friend so I just stopped eating. The following day, I still felt gross about what had happened and decided to call and speak to the manager.  I wasn't mean or angry, I simply wanted to tell him what had happened so that it didn't happen again to anyone else.  He was very defensive and hostile with me and said he knew who was cooking that night and that that couldn't have possibly happened. After accusing me of lying, he offered me a free sandwich next time I came in.  I told him I wasn't interested in a free sandwich because I was so grossed out by all the hair in my food the last time I visited that I couldn't eat there again. Between all the hair and the way the manager treated me, I cannot recommend supporting this restaurant which is very disheartening because it used to be one of my favorite vegan spots in Philly.This place is wonderful! I had a calzone, the ricotta was remarkable. When eating pizza, I strive to find vegan options. This place blew me away. However, it was my meat-eating, dairy-loving, boyfriend who was more impressed. This place is a wonderful joint for all.Omg the wings are too die for, never miss the real thing. Fries were good but cold. Cheesesteak was also good, we will try again.Someone here said it was excellent even if you are not Vegan.  Well, I am not Vegan and it is nowhere near as good as a mediocre cheese pizza.  Sorry, but it is still a pale imitation of cheese.  Gummy is what best describes the seitan imitation cheese.  At least it's probably good for you.
It was a real chore to finish my slice.Best vegan philly steak sandwich, there chicken wing is amazing. I also tried the Greek salad, it was good; but definitely try their wings..The Pizza was pretty scrumptious at this place. The set-up is pretty much like any pizzeria, but the art & music is more rock subculture on top of all the food being vegan. Good stuff...I'd recommend stopping by for a bite if you're in the area.It's great to have an establishment like this in the city. It really makes us a unique city to have great vegan spots. The pizza is always delicious and the slices are huge! I've seen a few people write that the pizza is expensive. Well, the methodology kind of implicates that you're not going to get bargain basement prices. The pizza has quality ingredients. If you want cheap, head to a dollar menu filled with all kinds of junk. I highly recommend the root beer BBQ seitan wings. They are amazingly tasty. It does take them a bit of time to make them as most of their items are made to order in a relatively small kitchen area. But again, I'd rather wait a little longer and pay a little more for food that I know is prepared fresh and is made with quality ingredients. I also really appreciate that they participate in the LevelUp program. Well done, guys.Went here again.  I still think their vegan pizza is simply the best you can get; however, a few points.  The girl at the cash register is nasty, she was nasty last time and also this time.  Last time it was not bothersome.  Anyway this time I got the whoopie pie since I was not thrilled with the brownie. After ordering it, I opened it up and noticed that the cream looked green in certain parts.  Parts of the side look white and this is what I saw when I ordered it.  I am not a huge mint fan and so since I had not even touched it, I advised the cashier that I did not know it was mint and asked if I could take another since I had not touched it.  She expressed that I had opened it to the air and therefore could not take another (by this logic the pizza is inedible since it is also exposed to air).  I pointed out that it looked like vanilla from certain angles and she said that the bakery they get it from is not consistent. The other whoopie pies clearly had green cream.  Okay then put a label on the pies if that is the case.  I ordered a tofu cubano to go. They neglected to press the sandwich.  Upon taking a bite in the car, the pepperoni was completely cold.  The rest was hot but it should have been pressed.  The bread for the sandwiches is also completely mediocre in my opinion. I brought it back in and was likely still pissed off by the whole whoopie pie issue.  The cashier said that she would take it back and remake it but exclaimed that the sandwich was room temperature not cold.  Okay well some of the ingredients were ice cold and it was not pressed.  The customer is supposed to be right, isn't that like customer service 101? Since I had a particularly dreadful week with my daughter being at CHOP all week, I just left in a huff and left the sandwich and whoopie pie on the counter.  
Anyway, I just wanted to leave but my husband went in and got it remade.  Apparently the guy checked my sandwich and agreed it was not hot but room temperature since it had not been pressed like it should have been.  The sandwich was okay, not great.  There was an uneven amount of fillings and the pickles threw off the sandwich in my opinion.  I understand most cubans have pickles and I actually like pickles.
The point is that the sandwich kind of sucked and was not worth the calories. Plus I took off the pickles and still did not think it was great. I would not recommend this sandwich.  I liked the filling of the cheesesteak but do not think the bread is quite up to par.  I actually ended up eating the whoopie pie anyway and it was quite good even though I much prefer vanilla to mint.  This was way better than the brownie in my opinion.
Would I go back?  I don't know.  The guys behind the counters are very nice; it is the one girl is nasty.  I would have to reserve on this question.  If I was in the mood for vegan pizza I would probably order the haystack sans daiya.I'm not a vegatarian/vegan but I do like to order out from "healthier" places. I actually found this awesome place by looking through Yelp so I decided to return the favor and write a revew...
So. THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. The food is delicious! I ordered the eggplant grinder, butternut squash soap (a daily special), and side salad. The grinder was extremely flavorful and blew my expectations out of the water. The soup also had a great flavor to it and good texture (not too thick/runny). The side salad was fairly basic with red onions but even so, you could tell the ingredients were fresh and good quality. In fact, for the quality (and quantity) of the food, the prices are extremely reasonable. I will definitely be ordering from this place again VERY soon!! Great find!I knew it was vegan friendly and all that jazz but didn't realize that it was completely like that-- as in the menu has no animal products what so ever. Enjoyed the balboa specialty pizza which was delicious. The root beer bbq 'wings' were good and didn't realize it was seitan until three pieces in. The crust of pizza was really chewy which I liked, but thin. Would love to eat it again!Great place for food! I wasn't sure exactly what the seiton stuff was (its a gluten-based product) which is what the wings are made of.  Since its vegan, there was a cheese substitute on the pizza which was surprisingly cheese-like.  I was with three friends and we got the funghi pizza which had mushrooms and truffle oil and was great! Definitely a great pick for South street.  
Great place for friends and would definitely come back.  Awesome and nice staff.  You order at the counter and get it served to you at your table.The Pizza Patate is to DIE for.  I made one when I got home using the Lahey method and while excellent, it could not compare to Blackbird's.  Loved the Cubano, and the crazy monster cookies at the register, and the staff.  I never do this, but I bought a t-shirt!I had read an article about this restaurant and was really looking forward to trying it. Today I stopped by for a late lunch. I am glad to say they sell slices of pizza as well as whole pies, along with Vegan Sandwiches, salads, Calzones and yes, Vegan Wings. So, didn't know what to try today. I decided to try slices of pizza. So many to choose from. I had Veggie Supreme- yummy and the haymaker-pretty yummy. I love the zesty sauce, and actually liked the vegan cheese (daiya). I look forward n returning to try some of the sandwiches. The Seitan cheesesteak looked delicious as did the tempeh chili.I give it four stars because, the tables needed cleaning. Employees very nice. I shall return!!I started writing reviews for my favorites only. cause everyone has a different point of view and there are just so many complainers. u know what I am talking about ;)
but this specific restaurant and the good reviews kind of bothers me. 
food - max 2 stars (we love vegan food, btw, but the 2 pizzas we tried are far from what we hoped for or even expected based on the reviews)
service - 1 star (no hello, no support, no whatsoever)
interior - 0 stars (plastic plates and cutlery?!)
to me this is clearly a restaurant that took advantage of the hip vegan trend. 
yeah well vegan is not a trend anymore and people are so much more aware about what they eat and the impact of their food...well prepared and preferably not on plastic plates 
there are so many other welcoming and delicious alternatives in philly. most of them even run by the same guys. better settle for one of those.This place was a great find on a trip to Philly and I definitely recommend it! We went both days in town and had: pizza including the haymaker and two other kinds which I can't remember because I wanted to try them all and have no idea which ones we actually decided on, the chickpea "tuna" wrap, seitan cheesesteak, the cubano, the kitchen sink cookie, and the chocolate coffee cookie. All of the above food was awesome and can't wait to try and recreate this dishes at home until our next return. 
The staff and service were great too!The vegan cheesesteak will blow your mind. I stopped eating real cheesesteaks about two years ago and if I had know about this place I would have stopped long before. 
Everything about the cheesesteak is authentic. The bread, vegan whiz, and seitan are spot on.Not a vegan, but the pizza was still one of the best I have ever had. The portobellos on the pizza I still have dreams about. I will definitely stop here every time I am in Philly.By far the best vegan pizza shop I've been to and I've tried them all over the US. If you opened up a location in Portland you'd be busy non-stop!
Keep up the good work!!For an omnivore, I was shocked at how good our chicken wings were. The calzone was also delicious.The cheesiest best vegan version of pizza I've ever had. I also got the cheese fries and Philly cheesesteak. I was impressed with how flavorful everything was. My mom couldn't believe that no actual cheese was involved! Only downside of this place is I would say is that it's a little slow and they brought out all of the items separately. Other than that, if you're in the area I would definitely try it out.They've since switched to Caviar from Grubhub. Delivery fees are higher ($5 to Chinatown? Ouch) the wait time are much more reasonable. Can't wait for the nolibs location!From the homemade Satan' to the best vegan pizza I've ever had, this place is the sh*t! I had the sweet spicy wings and a slice of Philly pizza and it was so good. Since the Satan and everything Is made with kosher and the finest vegan ingredients, its light on the stomach. We went on a Sunday, no line and it was chill. These guys are killing it! Enjoy some really good food and good prices and quality! I wish we had this in Cali! Cheers to a great vegan food find!I cannot believe this was all vegan food. The root beer bbq wings should win awards and be sold everywhere. Most amazing wings ever and I couldn't believe it wasn't really meat. The marshmallow cookie was gooey and just melts in your mouth.  This place was so incredible and I can't wait to come back.Blackbird is one of my favorite vegan spots in Philadelphia (actually, anywhere).  The staff is always super nice and they are all very accommodating to my soy and nut allergies.  As a vegan with severe allergies it's nice to have SO many options at a restaurant and every single time I order in or takeout my food is great and the quality is consistent!!! I hope one day the cheese sauce goes soy free because I'm jealous of everyone around me eating it, but I love this place and love the staff.  Also, if you mix the blueberry soda with a little of the orange it's amazing.My review would be higher if the prices were more affordable. And no, I don't mean adding smaller pizzas to the menu for lower prices, which Blackbird has done.
Another thing they recently did was take the best pizza ever off of the menu, the BBQ. So annoyed about that. Also, why accept Square payments but never allow customers to use it because it's "broken."
I mean, it IS the best vegan pizza in Philadelphia, which I guess I should be happy about, but I'll stick to making my own pizza for 10% of the price of this place. I can't see paying gourmet pizza prices for a restaurant that looks so grimy.I'm not vegan, so I'm not comparing the food to other vegan fare that I've had... 'cause I don't think I've had any...
Just as regular ol' food, that tastes good and fills you up, I'm a fan of Blackbird. The shredded "cheese" has a really cool flavor and stays gooey and doesn't congeal right away as the slice cools down. Plus, as my hubby pointed out, it's not really greasy like regular pizza cheese. I preferred it to the "mozzarella", which I still didn't mind the flavor just wasn't as great. The tomato sauce tastes really fresh, and the toppings have been tasty. But the dough of the pizza is the best part good; crunchy but with a really doughy crust. Added bonus: if you're like me you'll get the Beatles song stuck in your head every time.
Oh and PS I remember when this was a water ice place that my mom would give us 50 cents for when she'd pick us up after playing in Starr Garden = I'm old!very sad to say - this shit stanks
i only had the chicken parm but seitan is a horrible chicken substitute. use soy next time, losers!Oof. I'm afraid I'm going to have to be brutal here... If you've seen my other pizza reviews, you know that I grew up eating the good stuff in New York. Vegan or not, if you call yourself a pizzeria, you had better serve up the goods.
That said, Blackbird's pizza didn't deliver. We had a mushroom slice and a pepperoni slice. The toppings were good, even the vegan pepperoni. The vegan cheese? Fail. The sauce? I'm not sure it was even there - fail. The crust? Not memorable.
To get a spattering of Blackbird's offerings, we also ordered the cheese steak. The only vegetarian (also available as vegan) cheese steak I had before was at Govinda's. Time to see what the competition was like. 
Result? Disappointed. Our sandwich might have been more divided than the the US during the Civil War. Half had the shredded seitan and cheese, the other half had the onions and mushrooms. The seitan and cheese was good, and the mushrooms and onions were good, but if you're going to serve a sandwich, be sure that both halves have a good proportion of the ingredients. 
All in all, I can't say I'd make my way back to Blackbird again, unless I was entertaining some vegan friends who really wanted to try vegan pizza.Ok.  This might be the best pizza I've had ever.  Vegan or otherwise.  Pretty pricey but when you're talking about getting another slice on South Street (2.50-3 dollars) it's only slightly more so.The pizza is in a class of its own.  I had the mushroom with "cheese" and another one called the Haymaker.  Both were exceptional.  The cheese was addicting and the crust was nicely crusted on the outside and softer towards the center, with a thin body.  
If you have experience with cooking with mushrooms then you know when they have been done right and let me tell you these babies were perfect and filled with flavor.  
Just talking about it makes we want to go back for more...So we are new to having a milk sensitivity in the family and thus have been trying a bunch of vegan places.  This place was pretty great.  We had missed having pizza and there are some tremendous options here. 
As to the pizza let me first talk about the crust.  Excellent and cooked to perfection with just the right amount of crispiness.  We had the haymaker pizza and if I went back I think I would try something different.  I'm not so crazy about the "fake" "cheese" but the sausage substitute fooled me.  We also had the caesar salad which was tasty.  The artichokes were a nice touch and I found myself wondering why I had not seen that in a Caesar salad before.  We also tried two desserts, both of which were good.  I would recommend the double fudge brownie.
Definitely a mixed crowd with everything from families to skaters.  That is part of the charm along with the alternative music.  We'll be back for sure.Was in Philly from Los Angeles. I'm a vegetarian and was stoked when I found this vegan spot. I could finally satisfy a craving for a great version of a Philly Cheesesteak. Excellent flavor. Rounded off with a side of Honey BBQ wings - unbelievably great!The pizza is sooooo good. I love the crust! I don't normally spend this kind of money on pizza but for this place I will make an exception. The slices are huge. Only downside for me is that I have to go pick it up because they don't deliver to my neighborhood. I totally understand though...the delivery dude is on a bike which is a nice touch!Super delicious pizza and sandwiches. I really wish they played different music or at list lowered the volume. Food is awesome though!My friend and I came here because we wanted pizza and honestly this is the first place we saw so we can came here. We didn't even realize it was vegan until after we ordered. I don't eat meat a lot and I hate fake meat but this place was delicious! I had the Funghi pizza and the Haymaker pizza and both were great but the Haymaker... I could live off of. We also shared the Root Beer BBQ Wings which were great and the sauce on those were AMAZING. Service was friendly and not much to else other than that but even if you are not vegan, come here! You should try it because it tastes EXACTLY like the real thing.I'm still dreaming of their sandwiches and pizza. I live in San Francisco, where you'd think we would have comparable vegan options (and there is some really good vegan food), but nothing like their menu. You could tell their front and back of house staff really cared about the food they were making. Blackbird Pizzeria, open in San Francisco soon?!?!?!I was so excited to have a vegan cheesesteak. Too bad it sucked. So many great reviews. what were they thinking?
I have had a great vegan cheesesteak in Phoenix, so I know what one tastes like.
FYI they're pizza is thin and tasteless too
And it feels real dirty in there.
and they take forever to get your order together.
Only one person was in front of me, and I'd placed the order over 20 minutes ago for pick up
sheeshI've been here several times, but the addition of the Chickpea Parmesan sub inspired me to write a review. While I enjoy the seitan cheesesteak (and, for what it's worth, I know many non-vegans who think very highly of it as well), I just ordered the Chickpea Parmesan for the first time and really, really, really liked it. It's a chickpea patty that is flavored to perfection! The sauce and cheese are very tasty as well. This is a winner of a sandwich. 
Regarding other items, the fried capers in the caesar salad mix perfectly with the artichokes and the antipasti salad is really good as well.
Still, if you're going to order one thing, make it the new chickpea parm...!Absolutely love this place. Have to resist ordering take out every night. The Veggie Supreme pizza is the best thing to exist on this planet. If I could marry a pizza, it would be from Blackbird.Good pizza.  Excellent fries.  My fussy son said he liked the pizza and I was worried because its made with vegan cheese.  They ran out of rolls so we couldn't try the cheesesteak.  I had the Yukon pizza which was made with garlicky sliced potatoes and no sauce.  it was very good and filling.  its one of the few kosher restaurants in philly.  I give it four stars.I went to philly yesterday and took a look at several vegan restaurants but this was by far the best. I ordered 5 of the vegan cheese steaks and they where phenomenal if you are in the area I would definitely stop by. I also took a gander at the neighboring shop I was not disappointed bye their donuts either. Definitely a 5 star.Sigh. Okay, I wanted to LOVE blackbird. We came all the way from Virginia but... it was just okay. 
Let's start with the good. The pizza crust is amazing. Being from the Bronx, I'm used to good pizza but haven't found that crisp delicious NY crust since going vegan, years ago. Blackbird got the crust right. We got a regular cheese and a pepperoni. 
The cheese is daiya cheese. It's cool. Not bad, but I would've hoped for homemade considering it is a vegan pizzeria but overall the pizza was good. 
I got the root beer BBQ seitan wings (2 orders because I heard so much hype). Sigh a waste of $18. The BBQ sauce doesn't taste like root beer at all, which was extremely disappointing. I LOVE ROOT BEER! As a chef, if you tell me I'm getting root beer BBQ, I expect to taste root beer. The seitan wings were strangely textured. They came in odd long strips and were so hard with some fatty pieces. The texture reminded me of sauce tossed chicharrones with a hint of jerky ( lol what the hell). Nothing like "wings", at all. I would've preferred smaller bites that were chewable and nicely sauced. But hey... 
Next, I got a cheesesteak (we got two) because well.... I graduated from culinary school in philly and lived in philly and I mean, how could I leave without a cheesesteak. Eh Blackbirds rosemary and garlic shaved seitan is tasty, don't get me wrong. But, man they used the stablest amoroso's rolls possible (if they used that brand, which I would expect). The bread was so tough, we were ripping the sandwich from our mouths just to take a bite. They were more French baguette, less hoagie. My husband said the cheese sauce was watery and he felt the sandwich tasted a little off, maybe even sour. I told him it was the rosemary lol. It's a little strange for a cheesesteak and considering the "wiz" it was an overall pretty dry sandwich. It would've made sense to throw some daiya cheese in, as sandwiches are where daiya works best. I think if the rolls were fresher, there was more "cheese sauce" or daiya and maybe some vegan mayo and some of that zesty "root beer BBQ" it would've been amazing. We drove to New York after leaving black bird and had Champ's Diner's vegan cheesesteak (made with blackbird seitan) and it was AMAZING. Perfectly done. Perfect. Hoping blackbird takes some notes from champs and does Philly right. They deserve it. 
Fries were cool. Fried potatoes. Peppery. A little greasy, but what's not to like?
Lastly, we got the kitchen sink cookie. It was delicious. Very good. 
Staff was cool, customer service was great. They were friendly and accommodating. 
The bathroom was clean. The toilet is so low lol but it's all good. 
That's that. Enjoy. We came on a Friday night, for reference. 
PeaceThe best most tasty out of this vegan world wings cheesestake  and cheese fries ever .   And welcome back to the glorious 90's vibe.    One of the most fun places to eat this kind of fun food.  Thank God for Blackbird makes vegan life extra sweet and super cool !!The pizza used to be amazing, but there seems to be no consistency... Except for the cashier being ignorant. I have had the cashier put my credit card on the counter numerous times, while I'm holding my ha decidido out to receive it back. Every time I politely ask them to pick it up and place it in my hand.... And every time they act like I'm the one who is wrong. This is FIRST DAY ON THE JOB stuff that you learn... Do not put the customers change or card on the counter. This last time I asked the guy why do I have to ask them to hand me my card every time. He made some smart comment in a false polite tone and just walked away. I picked my card up and left the damn pizza in the oven. I am done with this place. I have introduced this place to dozens of people and this is the way they treat repeat customers? Not anymore. They need to respect people and their money. Now I have to find somewhere else to get vegan pizza...Sooo I've been a vegetarian for decades and so there are a ton of meaty foods I've never tried but am intrigued by. No clue what they're supposed to taste like but am always curious/up to try. Ordered the Haymaker pizza and two types of wings (Habanero Buffalo and Spicy Sweet). The pizza was meh. I'm sure someone else would love it but as a NY transplant, I'm particular about my pizza...and not a fan of thin crust pizza. This whole pizza was thin. No clue what wings are supposed to taste like but these were interesting. LOL I can normally handle spice, but the habanero had me tearing and snotting, and fearful of the burn on exit! Both tasty but spicy sweet a lot more enjoyable. Ordered to go although there were a few seats in house. Would be willing to try a sandwich.Awesome vegan mushroom pizza!!!!  Hip, family atmosphere. Everyone here adores the lemon water...full slices of lemon.The food is good, so good I traveled from DC to have it. I got the buffalo (habanero) wings, Philly cheese steak and haymaker pizza, all very tasty. The problem was the service. The petite short haired woman who was working the register and who brought us our pizza slid it onto the table so that half the pizza was on the bare table. It was an accident, but the problem came when she did not try to fix it but actually ran away, yup she ran away. We thought she would come back to replace the food she poured onto the table. But she never returned. We had to ask for another pizza (and they brought it to us), but it would have been nice if she had acknowledged her mistake and actually tried to fix it instead of making the customer rectify the situation.I had a long morning that involved sitting in a bus from New York to Philadelphia. I had not yet had coffee. I wasn't bitter, but just feeling MEh. Then we took an Uber Pool. And I hated it. I'm 32 years old sharing an already cheap service with other cheap people. It's like a hostel in a car. I digress. Then came blackbird. The first thing that caught my attention was the bottomless coffee. Yes please. But this wasn't your typical iHop bottomless coffee. This stuff was legit. And they pour it in small glasses, so that you can continue to drink it hot. Morning was immediately better. Then comes the food. Shakshuka was great! French Toast melted my heart, and the biscuits and grave had this amazing seasoning that I've never experienced before. Oh and the service was awesome. Always a full glass of water and coffee. And friendly service. Which was also a change from New York. And tip is included in the bill. Gotta love millenials.Actually went here, not just got delivery. There was one really great slice I had, now I'm forgetting the name of it. So they do have some good slices, but these vegan pizza slices are still a little iffy for me.Some of the best pizza in the city.  The crust is top-notch and the 'cheese' on the pizzas takes some getting used to but the flavor and mouthfeel actually work well with the other ingredients  The combinations are unusual, but they work, too. The salads are always fresh and huge and made from top quality ingredients; the mushroom salad is an incredible bargain.  The chili is terrific, the chickpea 'tuna' sandwich is delicious, the blackout cookies are unusual but delicious and addictive...we are just vegan-curious but Blackbird has become one of our go-to spots for creative, top quality, delicious, fairly-priced food in the Society Hill/QV/Wash West/South Street area.  My only quibble with Blackbird - the ambiance could use some work.  Different lighting would help.I'm a NYer but this Philadelphia Vegan Pizzeria may be my favorite restaurant in the entire world!Ok. Comparisons to Gianna's Grill may be inappropriate since these two establishments are unrelated except for the location. But i really missed Gianna's when they closed. It was a place where vegans, vegetarians, and their omnivorous friends could all come together and eat slices of pizza and tasty grilled sandwiches. It was a normal pizza joint that had vegan options for everything on the menu. And it was a gem. 
Unfortunately, Blackbird doesn't serve that same purpose. They have tasty vegan pizza and sandwiches and desserts. And thats a good thing for people who are vegan or like vegan food. I like meatless meals and fake cheese as much as the next omnivore, but i have to say, unless i were entertaining a vegan, i don't think i would choose to go back again. 
I want to give them all 5 stars for opening a completely vegan (and kosher) restaurant. i know there aren't a lot of those around. But, for me, its just not all that wonderful.Slice of Haymaker and a large Dr. Becker- perfect Sunday afternoon date.Our go-to vegan junk-foodery. I say that with the utmost flattery. Pizza and cheesesteaks, vegan or otherwise, aren't exactly healthfoods. BUT, they do have soups and salads that are great. Your family who thinks youre bizarre for not eating cheese won't know this pizza isn't the "real" deal. I tricked my own! Yummy vegan desserts, great drink selection, and always friendly behind the counter.