This place has such a nice atmosphere that I want to come back there every weekend. The best Mexican food that I ever tried. Service is really great, drinks, well, actually everything about this place is just great, awesome, warm, happy. Will be back soon!!I had the blue corn tacos which were good but had diarrhoea or food poisoning shortly after ...Wow!!!! Amazing food. Ive had Mexican cuisine in all parts of the us and Mexico and this place is great. Well balanced dishes, great service and try the coffee. I will definitely recommend this place and come back frequently.Saw this place on FYI Philly and had to check it out.  We got the specials which were a shrimp corn cilantro and chorizo mix and prime rib with chimichurri and jalapeño mashed potatoes.  The flavor was amazing.  
I loved the two different salsas: smoky or green sweet.  Both amazing.  We will be backI do not like Mexican food except for quesadillas and nachos. 
This place changed my mind. I used to hate tacos especially the authentic ones with the double corn tortilla.  The carnitas tacos here with the cilantro tortillas are bangin!Coming from California, it was really hard to find a Mexican restaurant that was comparable to the food in the West Coast. 
With that being said, Blue Corn, has the best tacos in Philly. Closest thing to Tacos from California. Not only are the tacos great, the chicken soup is amazing, and ceviche was fresh. Chips and salsa and guacamole were flavorful as well. 
Staff are extremely friendly, and the restaurant itself is clean and has great ambiance. This is my third time here and each time the food and service has been consistent.I cannot wait to go back. I'm definitely kicking myself for letting this spot in my backyard go unnoticed for so long! Blue tacos were the best I've ever had, also tasted the Cubana sandwich, which is borderline too big (might be the equivalent of an entire loaf of bread) but is nevertheless absolutely delicious. Drinks were reasonably priced and very good! Cash only but there is an atm with possibly the lowest fee in the area.Best Mexican food I've ever had. I had the pork tacos and they were incredible. Flavorful, fresh, and just the right amount of spice. The prices are low too. I will definitely go back and it will be soon.Blue corn was so good we went twice during our last philly visit. Drinks are phenomenal and reasonably priced. I highly recommend the amaretto Pina colada! Their portions are very large and you can easily split a dish depending on how hungry you are. The nachos are a great starter and their chips and tortillas are made in house and infused with cilantro. Can't wait to go back! Also take note if you have a group larger than 2 you'll want to make reservations on a weekend!Mi novio y yo came for lunch today and had a wonderful meal and experience. We wanted to try it becsuse of all the positive reviews and trust me guys-they do not lie! Ive been to a ton of mexican places and can always find something to complain about BUT everything was good and omg order the flan. 
We had a brisket appetizer, both had the carne asada con nopale, coco y tamarindo agua frescas y flan for dessert. Best flan ive had. Carne asada is worth every penny.  Usually i go to places and get a carne asada and its the cheap, thin, tough steak. This is a fatty (where the flavor comes from) rib eye steak, nice and juicy and full of flavor.Had dinner here Saturday night with a friend.. The guacamole was just okay and our main courses tasted good but we both got violently ill on Sunday. 12 plus hours of throwing up and nausea. Neither of us could hold down any sort of liquid. I don't know if this is common but I know I won't be coming back here!So I am Mexican And i just had a great meal  at "blue corn" and I loved it! 
The whole thing, sopecitos, ensalada de nopales, And a classic Margarita
So I had to share it with everybody!  Even if it means I will have to make a long line next time to get In there. 
Finally I find a Mexican restaurant in my neighborhood that I love.  It is like eating in Mexico City in La Zona Rosa! ( That is where many great Mexican restaurants in Mexico City are)
I have tried several of the Mexican restaurants in the Italian  market area. 
They all disappoint me. I am allergic to MGS and I often get sick after eating their food because they use Goya seasonings that contains MSG.  They often have bad service, incompetent waiters and food that is not Mexican like the Mexican food I eat in Mexico.  Blue Corn is like the food I eat in an upscale restaurant in Mexico! 
Anyway if Blue Corn stays being what it was today for me, they will be my favorite place to eat at least once a week. Ah! And the prices are not bad, the decor is ok. Better than the other places.  I will keep trying other things from their menu.
The service is excellent ( we had Agustin) and  the food is the best I had in any Mexican Restaurant in Philly. The dessert, cheese cake was just ok. I had better. I will try another one next time. The margarita was excellent, the nopales needed for me a little bit  of olive oil and lemon but it was  still really good and the sopecitos were  oh my God,  they were  the  way they should be: humble with a superiority complex. Yummy...
Love You Blue Corn.  Do you love me back!  I even left  a bigger tip that I normally do.
Ah and for the person that saw homeless, they are free to walk once in a while on 9th street, it is not a private street, you know.... I live here and I have  not noticed them...This place is outstanding. Service is always on point and the ceviche is one of my favorite dishes in all of Philly. A must visit next time you're in the Italian marketThis is review is based on my second visit to restaurant tonight. I had dinner here about 2 months ago. The food is consistently delicious. I tried the vegetarian quesadillas and guacamole & chips this time and was not disappointed. I had the Blue Corn pastor tacos, nopales salad, and ceviche octopus on my first visit. The classic & Blue Corn margaritas were quite good too; they aren't stingy with the booze. However, I was shocked at the $8 charge for chips and salsa. The first time I came here: the chips and salsa were complimentary! Now, they're charging you $8 for it. I find that rather stingy since chips and salsa are complimentary in almost all Mexican restaurants in the area. & we ordered a lot of food and drink (our bill was $145 for 4 adults). The chips and salsa at Blue Corn are really good, but $8 seems rather steep and the serving of chips rather meager to begin w/. I had to ask for more chips even w/ the guacamole we ordered. Not happy w/ this new policy. I also wish they offered pitchers of margaritas. That's good for groups. But they only do margaritas by the glass.A great new Mexican place! I wasn't familiar with many of the dishes, but we took a chance on two of them and they were fantastic. I ordered the corn shrimp, which was a mix of sautéd zucchini, corn, and chorizo topped with 5 jumbo grilled shrimp. I also had a blue corn margarita, which was okay but I would try something different next time. I look forward to going back.This is a tough one...I think it very much depends on what you were expecting coming to the Italian Market for tacos. 
Pros:
Food is delicious
Plated very very well
Nice staff
Nice decor - clean & comfortable
Salsa provided with the tacos (green and red) were SPICY and delicious. Especially the red salsa, I could taste ( I think ) smoked dried red chilies 
Cons:
Things are kind of expensive? I don't know...I came to the Italian market expecting hole in the wall delicious cheap food. Nothing was wrong per se...the experience just wasn't what I was expecting. 
Really there is no reason to not go back, I'm just being obtuse I suppose.Visited this place for the first time last night and will definitely go back!  Generous, fun, quality happy hour drinks for just $6 and reasonably priced, quality food.  Service was efficient and friendly and atmosphere was enjoyable (although I could do without the two TVs) and clean. Menu was fairly large and everything that came out of the kitchen looked great, but I do wish they had a few more vegetarian options.  Oh, and CASH ONLY!This place is in the heart of the Italian market, a nice little cozy hole in the wall. The prices are moderate and the margaritas are excellent, I recommend the margarita macho a little spicy and sweet. The food portions are just perfect with extra cucumbers and shreds of lettuce and radish, it tastes authentic not to filling. The staff is excellent and always caters to your requests, the place is cash only so do yourself a favor and make sure you hit the ATM before. They do have one on site but the service fee is ridiculous.Best chicken tacos! Their seasoning and flavor is unlike other spots in the neighborhood! Try the chicken tacos!!!Food is amazing!  The service and atmosphere were great for a Friday night.  The Guac, Pastor, and Taquiza were delicious and more than enough for 2.  Definitely will come back to try the rest of the menu.As good as it gets. Best Mexican food in Philly. We have been here 3 times and it does not disappoint. Delicious, inventive and easy on the budget. If you have been to Mexico City think "Valentina". Top notch Mexican cuisine in the heart of Italian  Market. Great drinks too. Try the tamarind margarita. Best  Chilaquiles in the city. Excellent menu full of new and interesting dishes. Excellent service also reminiscent of Mexico City. A real find.Great place in the south philly area of the Italian market. I highly recommend making a reservation as it is a small place but do not let that turn you away. The food was an all-star! I highly recommend any of their ceviches and any taco too! I got the blue tacos, because when can you normally have a blue taco...you only live once. Affordable prices and great service.When I want Mexican food, I come here. The fundacion olmeca dish is absolutely amazing and their margaritas are perfect. The place is cash only.So good! Perfectly soft blue corn tacos stuffed with delicious pastor meats, onions, peppers, melted cheese, salsa, and a sprinkle of lime...mmm! Add a glass of cold Mexican beer or margarita, you'll be in heaven . The customer service was also very polite, professional, and attentive. The decor yells authentic Mexican and the details of the folded napkins to the wooden spoons impress me a lot. 
If you are the area of Bella Vista and Italian Market, I recommend this authentic Mexican restaurant if you with a group of friends and family. Oh, be warned, the guacamole was not in the menu but it does cost...$10! Yikes. Besides that, everything here is awesome!I found this gem of a place walking around with the gf in the Italian market section of South Philly. The place was hopping, and this was Sunday around 5..so I can only imagine on a Friday or a Saturday.
This was probably the most authentic Mexican place that I've ever eaten at. The menu = Spanish. The tacos = fantastic. I really liked the three tacos for 8.00. I think next time I'd do 6 tacos for 16.00. They have fancier sea food dishes and things on the 2nd page..which I didn't even notice. Ooops. As an aloof American I have no qualms about constructing a meal from the apps page. 
I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the chips they give you as a starter. They really were awesome.. The green salsa tasted like outdoors and springtime in my mouth, which was great for a February evening. 
My gf had drinks. They looked awesome, but I had to drive. I had the blue chip cheesecake...it was different, but still good and refreshing. 
This place would have been 5 stars...but it was cash only. Lame.My bf and I came here for the first time today for some lunch. We both got margaritas to start with; me the Tamirand and him the Macho. Mine was delicious with a chili salt rim and tasted like Tamirand Jaritos with a kick. His was really spicy but tasty. 
Onto the main dishes. I ordered the Heuvos Rancheros and my bf the Omelete de Poblano. The chips and salsa that came with were delicious; my favorite being the smokey red sauce. My Heuvos Rancheros were easily the best I've had, and I've had a lot. The eggs were perfectly fried and the pinto beans were very good with the perfect texture. I tried a couple bites of my bf's omelete and it was very tasty, especially with the sauce on it. All in all one of my favorite Mexican places now. Definitely coming back.Best authentic Mexican food in Philly. Service is always great and the food is outstanding. Went there for a Sunday brunch and ordered the Blood Mary with no real high expectations. Well, it was delicious. I would of never thought they would have one of the best Bloody Mary's I've had in a long time.Drinks are unique and strong. My tortilla soup was heavenly and inexpensive. Definitely coming back!Good salsa verde. Queso fundido was great as was the pastor tacos. The flan was tasty. Would definitely come back but since it doesn't have tres leches it might be some time before we return.Blue corn is decent Mexican food.
The blue corn chips you get are a mixed bag. Some are oily rags and some are nice and crunchy. Disappointing free chips. I did like the dipping sauces.
Arrachera grilled skirt steak was okay. The steak was super seasoned. Pretty tender. Could have done without the cold watery guacamole and not even sure how I was supposed to eat that (it's not like you get chips or anything with the dish). Interesting creamy cactus and onion side.
Friendly service.
Overall, just okay. Got pretty busy, but they managed pretty well.Great spot for slightly upscale Mexican food. For a quick bite I'd try others in the area, but if you're after something a little nicer for date night, or some really good margaritas... this spot does it. The service is also outstanding here. The water glass couldn't go below half full without immediate attention. Will definitely be back.My wife and I love this place. Great food, friendly service and a full bar.  Authentic and very reasonably priced. Nice addition to the neighborhood!I just don't understand why east coast Mexican food is so garbage (horrible agriculture). Another it's good for not Mexican food place. Only reason why they get one star is because it claims to be Mexican.Everything from the drinks to the dessert was impressive! The meat was seasoned and cooked to perfection in each dish and everything was fresh! The green salsa and blue corn tortilla chips were a surprisingly fresh take on chips and salsa. Very authentic.The fundacion olmeca is the best Mexican dish in Philadelphia, hands down.Not sure if I should write a review... or a love letter. While my favorite taco truck was on vacation my loyalty faltered, and now I'm in love with another mexican eatery. Blue Corn has been on my mind all day.
My meal began with mini pots of green and red fresh salsa with matching mini spoons to scoop onto homemade tortilla chips. Whereas normally I'm a verde lover, the red salsa had me and my boyfriend referring to their salsa in wine description terms, "bright herb notes at the finish". The fish taco sampler arrived on a fish shaped plate. The sampler had shrimp, crab, and fish that were all very fresh and served with a side of guacamole. My entree was one of each of the quesadillas squash blossom, mushroom, and corn mushroom. Out of the three the squash blossom was my favorite, and I found the corn mushroom to be much more flavorful than the regular mushroom, but all were in perfect extraordinarily fresh corn tortillas, with that wonderful white cheese.
Our service seemed to be able to read our minds. They magically arrived whenever we needed anything.Favorite local place - full stop. Friendliest staff in Philadelphia. Incredible value. Amazingly fresh ingredients, prepared perfectly every time. Most dishes cost $10-15 but I would happily pay $25. Blue corn tacos and ceviche never disappoint. Sad to be moving out of walking distance but will definitely be driving whenever I need a fix of Mexican!Excellent find in the little Italian market district. The tacos are excellent here - very fresh! The salad and daily special, fried calamari were excellent. Service is good as well. We tried the blue taco, the skirt steak the the 6 tacos with skirt steak, chorizo, and chicken, 2 pieces each - they were all delicious! Their price is very reasonable - we hope to be back soon!My wife and I have dined all around when it comes to Mexican food. Blue Corn in the Italian Market is hands down the Best!! Not only are they neighbors to my practice but they bring a unique and tasty menu to our neighborhood!!Stopped while at the Italian market. Went on yelp reviews. 
Excellent service and food!   Seated and served right away. 
Cerviche and fish tacos were delish! 
Highly recommended.Had a great brunch here although dinner is very good as well. I have a deep love of chilaquiles for breakfast and they kill it. Service is seriously good. Not expected in the usual Mexican fare. To be honest it a really good restaurant regardless of cuisine. Had steak at dinner and it was reasonable and first rate.  It's in the heart of the Italian market and they rock it! Mucho Bueno!!Very solid Mexican place. Falls just slightly short of the mythical five star status. If only 4.5 stars was possible.This place is absolutely delicious! Perfecto! Maravilloso!! I was introduced to it by my friends Mia and Ben. I've been two times in less than a week. Everything I've eaten has been delicious. A neighborhood gem!Authentic food with lots of flavor. The staff was super attentive. I had the poblano omelet which was delicious. My partner had the almuerzo steak. We would certainly come here again.I heard this place was good so we decided to check it out. I honestly haven't had Mexican food so amazing since I was in Mexico. We went in during happy hour, and the happy hour menu was full of great specials and really good food. We had tacos el pastor, fresh mushroom quesadillas, and chorizo flautas. We were so impressed we decided to order gorditas, and we were really taken back with how good everything was. The margiratas were really excellent and made with fresh lime juice. No corner cutting here, just super authentic Mexican. This is gonna be a must every time I am in the Italian market.The tacos here are so good! Definitely found my spot in south Philly when I'm craving authentic Mexican food.I'm very picky when it comes to Mexican food, having traveled there many times and sampled the very best. Philly has some wonderful choices and Blue Corn ranks right up there. Food was excellent, authentic, and affordable. Service was fast and friendly too. Will definitely be coming back. What a hidden gem!Our family enjoyed everything we had here. Of particular note are the house tomatillo and chipotle salsas. Freshness, authenticity and flair... Service was great too. The cocktails were tasty.We started with the guacamole, which was served with homemade blue tortilla chips. The sauces that accompanied the chips were out of this world, I particularly like the green one.
For an entrée, my friend had the tacos pibil and I had the huaraches. The under explained that his sister had worked in a huarache place in Mexico City before moving to Philly. Apparently, practice makes perfect.
If you need a jolt of caffeine, the café a la olla is fragrant with cinnamon and delicious. 
Wonderful people, wonderful food.Cute little place in the Italian Market
Start with the good - service was really great, everyone had a smile on their face, the server explained the menu and specials of the night very well and service was attentive but not overbearing at all. 
We both had the Serrano pepper margarita , $10 which was good! It had a great kick to it and was actually spicy, we loved this. 
I was personally a little underwhelmed with the food. The chips were good, loved both the green and red sauces -- green was a bit tarte and the red nice and smokey. For my entrée I got the chicken pibil tacos - which were good but just underwhelming.
Based on the amazing reviews, I'd probably return to try some other items another time -- but might hang up my coat after the 2nd visit if still underwhelmed.Best Mexican food in Philly. Authentic,  delicious, great atmosphere and reasonably priced full bar.  Make a reservation.This is by far the BEST MEXICAN food I have had outside of Mexico.  I am originally from Puebla and since coming to the U.S. I have been in search of good Mexican food, this place delivers.  It consistently delivers the best tacos, margaritas, micheladas, etc.  I have been to other places around Philly looking to see if I find another place like this and sorry folks, but if you want authentic flavors, this is the place to visit, I'm saving you the trouble-take it from a Mexican. If you want consistently good Mexican food then this is the place.  It's always clean, always excellent, and always inviting.I got the 3 veggie tacos at happy hour for $6 and they were so good, if a little small! I also tried the Macho Margarita at the recommendation of another patron and it was very good, but very spicy! I would definitely come back for more, as everyone was very nice and the prices (at least at happy hour) were good.My sister and I stumbled upon this gem today. It is super clean and the waitstaff was friendly and attentive. 
Our lunch was reasonably priced and the food exceeded our expectations. 
Everything was fresh and light.Just a bit shy of good. I had a pork chop in mancha mantel sauce. It was ok, I hear they have fresh handmade tortillas, I couldn't tell you how those are, I wasn't offered any. Over all it was just ok.Wow!!!!
Been here three times and can't wait for the next trip. 
Best family service in the entire city!!
Fresh salads
Seafood chowder was phenomenal !!
Tacos -- wow. 
What keeps me coming back is the fresh ingredients and the STELLAR service !!
Get here !!Very fresh and wholesome ingredients. The Poblana soup had corn kernels, poblano peppers, and a tomato cream base and was utterly divine. We also tried the Blue Huarache, which I would recommend for vegetarians, as it's very flavorful and comes on a large, thick fresh blue corn(!) tortilla. We also had chicken pibil tacos which come on fresh, green-tinged tortillas (cilantro in the tortilla!). This place is excellent. Philly is so lucky to have it. At last, a real contender!Wow amazing. So happy I had the opportunity to go recently and cannot wait to go again. It's absolutely delicious. Everything is fresh, flavorful, and filling. What more could you want??Delicious food and great service!!! Went for lunch & I am looking forward to going back for dinner. The food was fresh, flavorful & priced right. Great addition to the neighborhood.We stumbled upon this restaurant on a Sunday while walking through the Italian market. It was brunch time and when we first arrived there was only one other table with customers. 
The menu had a good selection and while we were reading through some blue corn chips and salsa was placed on our table. Not terrible but the chips would crumble apart. The two different salsas were flavorful.
The waitstaff was pleasant and we gave our order pretty quickly. A large party came in - they had made reservations - we overheard a waiter tell them what the days specials were. Maybe because we were just a party of two we didn't get that extra information. 
Anyway - the chicken enchilada suiza I ordered was delicious - up until I got a mouthful of grisly bone.
Husband liked his steak and refried bean dish. 
Prices are very reasonable.Finally a good Mexican restaurant.  The is very friendly and service is exceptional.  The salad with cactus is delicious and the red snapper stuffed with zucchini flower was a joy to eat.  Will definitely return to Blue Corn.It's an okay place, good food, 4 stars, but not worth the price. At this location area, there are many option to chose from when it comes to Mexican food.Stopped in with a random hankering for tequila and tortillas. I had two margaritas and the pollo azteca.  Both were awesome, chicken was absolutely perfectly cooked. The service was perfect and I'm considering sleeping on a pillow of their warm tortillas and swimming in a sea of their verde. The guacamole was simple which I appreciate more than anything.  Simple and delicious. Fresh and bright.I am not a fan of tacos but I loved the blue tacos (pork, cheese etc). Also liked the other veg items that my friends ordered.. tried one that had a cactus, yep cactus, flatbread! Service is also awesome here. Loved the guava margarita!We had a nice experience at Blue Corn. I ordered three carnitas tacos and my husband had the lengua tacos with a mango mojito. The chips and salsa were delicious, the staff was friendly and attentive, and the setting was intimate and pleasant. For dessert we shared some cheesecake, which was unique and delicious. The coffee was also great! While the prices were a little steep for a hole-in-the-wall restaurant, the flavor of the food and quality of service seemed on par with the prices. Sometimes it's so hard to find good Mexican food in Philly, but Blue Corn delivers. Although this restaurant isn't a staple, we will definitely be back. The salsa verde was my favorite!Oh. So. Good. Yummy. Definitely a "do over". Authentic. Affordable. Delicious. The Cuban sandwich was enough food for 3 days. Wanted to try everything! The enchiladas suizas were tasty. Friendly wait staff and they have alcohol. When we walked by, we couldn't tell how welcoming and comfortable it was inside. No need to get dressed up!We tried to get a table at Villa did Roma without success. Hungry and not wanting to get back in the car to search for dinner, we walked into Blue Corn a few doors away and were quickly seated. We had never been there before and had no expectations. What a find!!  The service was good, but the food was excellent. Even the grasshopper appetizer!!!  We will definitely be going back to Blue Corn soon. You should try it. You won't be disappointed.We only got tacos and drinks that night but they were delicious and I really enjoyed my Mojito. Overall the feeling of the place and service was excellent. I loved the blue themeThis place is awesome and I'm absolutely coming back here whenever I go to the Italian market. It's basically next to dibruno brothers for reference. We came with a party of 8 and made a reservation that night. The margaritas were huge in classic margarita glasses, and they gave you complimentary chips and salsa. The tomatillo was spicy! Their blue corn chips tasted fresh and delicious. They have beef tongue and tripe tacos, and they served an amazing surf and turf with a long piece of octopus. So many tequilas on the menu too, which makes me quite happy!Excellent tacos & excellent service !!!!  Different type of salsas picantes and different type of Tacos. The restaurant was very colorful .My favorite Mexican Restaurant in Philly, and hands down some of the best and most authentic Mexican food I've ever had. Located in the heart of the Italian Market, this is a cute cash-only (ATM inside) restaurant with seating for about thirty and a small bar in the back of the restaurant.  The menu has options I've never even heard of before. My first time here, I saw something on the menu called a Gordita and ordered some for the table. It was a green colored tortilla bread pocket stuffed with chicken, veggies, queso fresco and a delicious sauce. These things were so good that after my first bite, I immediately ordered another round of Gorditas. I have since tried numerous things here, including the tacos, and have found everything to be superior to its Philly competitors.  The best thing I ever had here was a seafood soup. I was with my dad and we both could not get over how perfect this soup was.  It had a tomato base with some of the best flavors I have ever had in a soup. The fish is the soup was cooked perfectly. This soup instantly made this place one of the best restaurants in Philly. The portions are good and the service is topnotch. Another gem in the Italian Market.Some of the best Mexican food I have ever had. I tried the specials, a ceviche and delicious mahi, mahi tacos. My dining partner had tortilla soup and flautist. All beautifully presented. Service was excellent.My mom had been wanting to go here so we finally got the chance to make it happen! I'll tell you the first positive about this place is that my water cup was never empty. When you go here on a hot day, that's truly want you want. We ordered a round of drinks and the Blue Corn margarita was really refreshing. Then we got an order of nachos and I'm not sure what kinda of cheese was on them but it was so well balanced and the chips were great. I got the carnitas taco...three tacos for 8 bucks...great price and super tasty! My boyfriend got the Al Pastor and they may have been even better. It featured little bits on pineapple! My mom and sister both got the alambres and it was kinda like a make your own taco. Super athletic and really enjoyable. Loved the handmade tortillas. Food came out quick. I would recommend checking it out!Great spot in south philly to grab food and drinks. The mango mojito was made with fresh ingredients and was delicious. The food was great as well. Not your average Mexican food menu. Cash only. Casual setting. I would highly recommend trying this place out.Nos dimos la oportunidad de disfrutar de este lugar , después de notar que normalmente siempre esta lleno .
Comenzamos con gorditas de chicharrón prensado, Seguido de Salmón para mi y para mi Esposo Manchamanteles ,
Al ser aparentemente de alta cocina , tenia buen sabor ,una presentación que te invita a querer probar.
Solo que es algo que ya he encontrado en otros lugares con un precio mas razonable .
El personal es muy amable y eso cuenta muchísimo , sin duda un lugar que vale la pena intentar nuevamente...The food here is so good! My friend and I each got the gorditas and they were very filling but so tasty I didn't want to stop eating! What a gem!While visiting the Italian market, my S.O. and I stopped here for Saturday lunch. We were seated right away, and service was attentive and prompt throughout our lunch. However, it seems they do NOT serve complimentary chips at lunch...we were super disappointed to find this out. Blue Corn has good authentic Mexican options, and our tacos tasted ok, but they were definitely too small of a portion. In addition, the Puerta Vallarta tacos (one shrimp, one fish, one crab) were served wrapped up in flour tortillas instead of laying open in a corn tortilla-- this created small, sad, soggy little tubes. Would not come back again.Excellent staff and food is next level. Worth the visit.
Serie de las Americas baseball was on which was fun to watch too.Not worth the trip. Our lunch started nicely with a warm welcome from our waiter. Corn chips and salsa and our drinks were brought out quickly. The corn chips were an odd color but tasty. We were looking forward to the next course. Hubby ordered the Cuban sandwich and I got the quesadillas. BAD choices. The Cuban should be called 'everything and the kitchen sink'. It was topped with a hot dog. Gross. The quesadillas were stuffed with three different fillings. The only edible one was corn and beans. Another was canned mushrooms. 
There must be better Mexican in the city.Keeps getting better!  Great friendly staff and fantastic authentic food with new specials every week!