This place is so awesome and I'm so happy Philly keeps putting together things like this. 
The staff was super friendly from the minute we walked in throughtout the entire stay, even as we were walking out. Everyone was helpful and nice, even giving us tips on ice skating since we had no clue what we were doing. 
The food and drinks were perfect for the venue and I really loved the rocking chairs outside... the whole thing gives off a very cozy feel. 
We spent sometime by the firepits outside, then got drinks and french fries inside where we also played Jenga, and ended the afternoon ice skating.
I also saw people bringing their own picnics which is an idea I may steal before this place closes its doors on March 1st. 
Overall a great place to spend a few hours with friends.Horrible not only do they charge $20 for parking but the ice was chopped to shit $10 for skate rental save your money. it's another shitty tourist attraction, have fun.Husband and I loved this place! 
We didn't go skating but it was wonderful watching everyone else enjoy the ice.
There is seating indoors and places that sold food and refreshments. We had hot chocolate spiked with vanilla vodka - so yum!
The place was busy on this Saturday night but we managed to get a couple seats around a fire pit. You will without a doubt end up smelling like a BBQ but who cares! It is such a great atmosphere! 
They even sell s'mores kits if you forget to bring your own. 
Enjoyable evening!I love the rink and always go there with friends. Great music and crowd, wonderful view. I just wish there are more selections of good and drinks.I stopped to enjoy a temperature friendly day during the holiday tree lighting and I'm glad I did. During the evening there were a lot of free items and events. There is a large tent area called The Lodge with seats and heat. Outside of the 'lodge' area you will find several seating areas with fire pits. Inside the lodge there are a lot of food and drink options. Although the venue can become crowded there are plenty of seats for everyone and you will have a chance to enjoy the fire pits to get warm. During the tree lighting this year (2017) there were several local entertainers and a special performance by Grammy nominated recording artist Chanté Moore. Santa made an appearance for several hours, he took selfies and spread joy throughout.
If you are looking to skate and are lucky enough to have Independence Blue Cross 1st, as your insurance carrier and 2nd you can get into the actual 'rink' for free (admission is $3 per person) for up to 4 people with one Independence/Blue Cross insurance card, remember the rental of skates is ($10). Baby it may be cold outside, but it's worth the fun in a family friendly environment.This an affordable fun family affair. Crowded at 3pm on a Sunday but still manageable. We have our own skates so admission was just $3/person and worth the $3 service fee to pre-book online and avoid the lines. 
Arrive before your session starts to be ready at the beginning so you can get the good ice. With so many people, it gets choppy fast! 
Parking could be your most expensive part of this day. Look for meter parking on Market and walk down; it isn't too far. Plan enough time to stay at least 20 mins after skating to enjoy a hot cocoa in the lodge. That pop up feature was surprisingly nice and not as crowded as the rink. 
There are burgers and beers and hot alcoholic and non alcoholic drinks in a nice warm setting. We loved it!LOOK FOR THE GROUPON! 2 for $13.
This is a lovely venue with a beautiful view of the bridge, the river, and the ship Gazela. It's everything that we loved about Spruce Harbor Park in the summer, but winterized - trees with lights, places to sit and chill or observe the action from above. And of course, music.
There is a lodge where you can buy beer or spiked coffee (anticipate $6-8/drink and don't forget the tip!) and food (standard fair food, veggie burgers available). You can play arcade games, including air hockey. You can also buy s'more kits to use at outdoor fireplaces ($8 for four smores...hefty price!).
I am not a skater and really just went for friends and held on to the rail the whole time. Here's what my more-experienced-skater friends said: skates were no good (didn't fit through the ankle, etc.) and the ice got pretty bad pretty fast. In my eyes, there were a lot of people on the rink.
**Bring quarters for the lockers OR there's a change machine in the arcade. We used one locker for 4 people**
Still, a great value with the Groupon. Also, the staff were very friendly. I would go again.There are two parts of this review. First part is the atmosphere. The place was beautiful. Lights and decorated trees were everywhere. Cute lodge area. Fire pit. We really enjoyed how nicely put together the outdoor area and lodge was. Warm spiked beverages were a nice addition. 
Second part, the ice skating. We went on a Sunday night around 9pm. It was busy. The ice was packed with skaters. Didn't realize the admission is only good for 1 1/2 hrs of skating, which was disappointing. Ice quality was bad and the skates were too, so that combo wasn't good for skating but it was still very fun. We all had a great time skating. Overall it's worth a trip.You know how you used to love the view on the river, skating around with your loved one with not a care in the world but hated the South Philly rat children tripping you up, the fact you either had to park and walk across I-95 or pay absurdly high parking fees, then be stuck here with nothing to eat or drink besides soda and soggy burgers?
Well you're in luck, because one of those negatives has been vastly improved upon!  No, they are not saying thanks but no thanks to the future Mummer crowd, and Santa has not delivered free parking for an early Christmas gift but the food, oh my the food (and drinks) have been improved to an unrecognizably great point.
What else?  Fire pits, a fine beer selection, s'more, little shops housed in old shipping containers, and enough woodchips to keep a woodchuck busy for months.  It's actually really nice out there now.  Legit nice.
Stopped by on Saturday just to see the place and was very, very impressed.  Had a beer, some awesome mashed potato ball things inside a huge somewhat warm beer hall complete with a single ping pong table, baggo, some Jenga, etc. then sat on a bail of hay drinking said beer and met Santa as he slide around the ice pretending to be happy with the little children but really eyeing that adult beverage (and possibly my girlfriend) as a much needed reward after a long shift of merrymaking.I love being on the ice!
I don't like that they don't let us take picture while on the ice though. If I drop my camera, it is my problem. Boo!View is great! Nothing like skating outdoors. I skated at the 11pm - 1am session. Ice surface was not good, lots of grooves, but what do you expect from an outdoor rink that's full of casual skaters. They resurfaced the ice halfway through, which was nice, but the grooves remained. Not good for speed, but awesome for the casual skater or beginner.  There were plenty of guards there to help out and keep things in order!Very cute temporary outdoor skating rink much like the rink in Bryant Park, NYC.  I can't review the river rink for the ice skating but for the lodge and atmosphere as a whole. Their decorations really make you forget you're in Philadelphia and think you're in some place far away from the city. The lodge serves hot chocolate (spiked or unspiked),various other winter cocktails, beers as well as food. Fire pits and heat lamps help you to keep warm on brisk winter nights.  Definitely a must-do for anyone visiting philly.I have been here a couple times and have always had good experiences. The ice is cleaned every hour when its busy. The staff is generally nice, and I think it's a pretty cheap date and good alternative to a movie, which is also about $12 per person and 2 hours long. 
Only thing I'd suggest is that they cap the amount of skaters allowed in any given skate time. Our last visit we were at the 6-8pm time slot on a Saturday night, and by the end there were so many skaters on the ice it was difficult to move. 
For what's available in philly, this is a fun experience!Nice sized rink with great decorations! 3rd time here and we decided to go on a Saturday morning so it wasn't too busy, but also have gone on a weekend night when the crowds were pretty big. Very festive with plenty of food and drink options. My first pair of skates was super dull but I asked them to swap out for another pair with no problem. Also great for roller skating during the summer! Admission is discounted/Free if you have blue cross insurance also.The place is set up nicely with food, drink, and places to lounge, but the rink itself is way too small and WAY TOO CROWDED, especially if you go during peak times. You would have to go super early (right when it opens) to avoid the crowds. When you're on the ice, you must do your best to weave in and out of traffic in order to avoid collisions with the other skaters -- usually the hoards of youngsters crowded along the boards and too busy taking endless selfies of each other. Overall, its an chill place to mingle with friends or spend some time with your significant other but if you want to actually ice skate this is NOT the place for you.Great time skating next to river. Wasn't that cold on ice. Made time enjoyable. Time for hot chocolateI went to winter fest tonight for the first time in a while and I forgot how great it is! It is so festive and beautiful. If you have your own skates, it's super cheap, but if you have to rent it's $10 unfortunately. This bothered me a little bit. There's a food truck, arcade, "lodge" and fire pits to hang out when you get tired skating. As far as outdoor skating goes, I can't think of a better place. It was crowded and the ice got choppy, but that's to be expected. My only complaint would be that the skates were in poor condition. They were barely sharp enough to skate on! But again, this is to be expected with rental skates. Tons of fun!I've been coming here during the holiday season for several years now, and plan to find somewhere else next time. 
In recent years: there was not too much of a crowd, skate rentals were cheaper, the ice was actually cleaned and skate-able, and the area was less commercialized and less appealing; so you win some you lose some. 
This year, it seems with the addition of The Lodge and heavily increased commercialization of the River Rink venue, it's become crowded, and a good deal less appealing for me. 
The interior of the main tent is okay, lots of space and board games that don't seem to be utilized unless there is a DJ performing there. Few people were hanging out here. The skate rink itself is in the same location. Only downside this year is increased prices, very specific skate times that are sold out in advance, worse ice to skate on, crowds of people skating and hanging around the edges. The staff weren't doing too much in regards to assisting people or clearing crowds so that others could skate, they just skated around together in circles, like everyone else. 
Pros:  Ice skating in old city, along the river. Relaively cheap, better if you have skates and are an IBC card member (you can bring 3 others). Good Location and venue. Nice light show once in a while highlighted on the trees. 
Cons: A bit more expensive this year. Ice was poor to skate on. Skating Staff not too helpful.What a great time, and such a sweet spot! I love the rive view, and admissions costs are reasonable! I just wish the food venu was open while I visited, but I love that they are a full service rink, from rentals to lockers, zamboni half time, the works. Perfect for a small crowd, would be great for a party :)OH MY GOSH I CAN ICE SKATE!!!!!!!
I had no idea!!  It's been twenty years.
When I was little I tried to ice skate and fell backwards so many times I pretty such my tailbone is still broken.  Anyway, since then I became a great skiier and party attribute my newly discovered skill to that.
The cost of a ticket seemed very low and extras they throw in for card holders were definitely nice, but I can tell this makeshift portable rink was very poorly maintained.
I'm absolutely no ice rink surface aficionado, but I'm pretty sure the surface isn't supposed to be so pitted and rutted that the skate will rock entirely back and forward as if you were headed uphill then downhill as you move along at a slow pace.  Additionally, the amateur nature of the whole situation could be seen by the lack of experience of the Zamboni driver.  Granted I realize that driving a resurfacer is no an easy job, but I'm sure someone would take more care in the lines they drove to ensure the ice was very carefully maintained.  Furthermore, before the Zamboni was finished and far before the newly applied water had time to freeze, the employees were out on the ice tearing it up showing off.  I found this incredibly unprofessional and borderline juvenile.
My main problem wasn't with the poor surface, it was with regards to the people wearing orange who were in charge. I'm going to call them "Safety People."  Although I'm new to ice skating, I really didn't ever feel safe in their care.  They were always clumped together in social hour never separating to cover the rink should tragedy strike.  On numerous and frequent occasions I'd watch as a customer would fall within eye-shot of the Safety People.  But these Safety People almost never stopped to ask if the person was injured.  Occasionally they'd skate past a faller and on a few occasions they'd glance back to see someone fall then continue on skating with their co-workers.  This seems very very dangerous and like a giant liability for the rink.  My only assumption could be that the Blue Cross River Rink's sponsor, Blue Cross (a health insurance company) is looking to drum up business by profiting off any injuries that happen to occur on the rink.  This is logic that is easy enough to follow.
Apparently another reviewer says they don't like cameras on the ice.  We took pictures and video without a problem.  Also, you're paying for a time slot, so get there at the start of the time slot.  Next time we ski.I came here with two of my friends this past January and let me just say that we picked a really bad day. It was FREEZING. I was cold through my gloves, jacket, socks and of course we decided to go ice skating that day of all the things we chose an outdoor activity. 
But we had a blast! It was so much fun! I haven't ice skated in over 5 years before this, so it took some time to get the hang of it. But it's very family friendly so although I was going at a pace of 1 mph, no one around me seemed to be getting annoyed. Since it was too cold, my friends and I cut our skating time a little short and had a few picture sessions near all of the awesome decorations and scenery they provided. We warmed up a little in the tent/building they had with a bunch of craft vendors with food and drinks.
I will definitely go back again this winter but on a slightly warmer day for sure!Where else are you going to ice skate outside in Philly? A bit crowded and like roller derby at times. But tis' the season, so give it a try.It now $3 for a 1 1/2 hour session.  So those who don't need rentals what is not to like about the atmosphere. On the River downtown Philadelphia. Jamming to music by DJ. A passing boat or two. What a wonderful time had by all
 Every day they rotate vendors and have home made goodies and ornaments and organic stuff.
Also for the adults a net full service bat. Guess what. River rink came up y'all. Merry Christmas  Philth-a-delphiaSo happy to have been able to spend an afternoon here! My biggest tip would be to go during an off-peak time, as long lines and a crowded rink can make for an uncomfortable experience. I went on a Thursday afternoon (it closes early!) and there was plenty of room on the ice.
If have Bluecross insurance, bring your card to get free admission! Skates are $10 to rent and lockers are a dollar (quarters only, but theres a machine that gives change). My first pair of skates were a brown pair and they were so uncomfortable, I couldn't even go one lap around the rink without feeling like my ankles were about to give in. That might have been the fit of those particular skates, but when I swapped them out for the ice hockey skates, I was SO much better off. They have much better support in the angle region especially.
There is food, hot drinks, beer, and warm cabins to hang out in. Similarly to the summer time spruce street harbor games, there is life size connect 4, jenga, and plenty of photo ops. I love the decor and the heat lamps are so cozy! Again, I would stress going at an off-peak time because then it's easier to get a cabin to sit in.Been here twice so far. I never skate so we just go to chill. We scored some seats near the fire pits. But then it started snowing really bad so we got some seats near the lodge and my awesome man got me a blanket. We drank and chilled and watched the skaters and kids. It was good times.Went today with a group of about 15 people. Had a blast. However, the ice was melting so there were cones everywhere to avoid the puddles. Ice was also very scratchy? and not smooth enough for a nice glide. Surprisingly, I didin't bust my a** because of that. Food prices (as expected though) were pretty ridiculous. Overall, we enjoyed ourselves since it was most of the groups' first time skating. 
It was pretty nostalgic for me after being on the rink after over 10 years of not skating, so I found it really awesome! The set up was great with firepits, hot coco stand, train set running, etc. It was pretty cool. We all had a great time.I mostly like River Rink because it is a Philly staple. Something you gotta go do once a season if you live in the city or nearby. 
It's basically no frills. The inside smells like shoes/feet. The floor is dirty (you have to take both of your shoes off the get your skates). I've never had the food, but I can't imagine it's any better than a snack stand at a little league game. Packs of teenagers hang out here on the weekends and make it hard for me to cautiously skate around.
But you know what - it's an outdoor rink that isn't too pricey (in my opinion) that lets me get some fresh air while pretending I'm a real ice skater once a year (a secret fantasy of mine). So I'll take it.One of the best places for outdoor ice skating in Philadelphia. The rink is a decent size and they do an OK job regulating the number of people on the ice, so it doesn't get too crowded, even in high season. But there's more to it than just skating -- it really feels like Christmas when you're here! The decorations have improved dramatically in the last 3 years or so; in addition to music and fancy choreographed lights, there's an entire Christmas village next to the rink, with several Christmas trees, more lights, a spot with rocking chairs and blankets, indoor seating, food, and Santa and all his elves! (kidding about the elves, but serious about everything else) So there's plenty to do even if you don't want to skate the whole time, or if you don't skate but want to tag along with your friends that do!
The ice itself here is just OK; they run a Zamboni on it every 90 min, but it degrades relatively quickly if there are a lot of people, and gets pretty bumpy by the end of each skate session. But that's how it usually is at public rinks.
The one drawback to this place is that the rentals are expensive ($10 for 90min) and the men's skates are really terrible; not only are the blades really dull so it's hard to use the edges, but sometimes the skates are damp from the previous person's sweat. I'd definitely recommend bringing (or buying) your own skates -- if you come here more than 2-3 times a season you'll make the money back in no time.
Free admission (normally $3 / 90min) if you show your Blue Cross insurance card!I like it!  It's a bit small, but somehow everyone skates and falls in circles without a problem.  Seriously, with all the falling going on, you'd expect major traffic jams... but no!  
Personally, I like the rough architectural scenery surrounding the rink.  The idea of ice skating in a city is surreally awesome.  The bridge is pretty, and the river is right there.  I think it's nice.  
The price is as expected.  $10 gets you 2 (or sometimes more) hours and skates.  The concession is cheap, which is refreshing (har har).  It often seems like cheap concession stands are a things of the dark ages.  
I like it a lot.  I think it's a great idea, and I'm glad they keep doing it.Great place to hang out with friends. Along with skating rink there's arcade section, good beer and great fries. Please not that they do not allow outside food or drinks/cigarettes.Another homerun by PHS.  A well laid out and very large community space with a heated indoor food/drink tent as well as a craft vendor tent.  The outdoor area is large with lots of tables/chairs and some very nicely decorated trees.  The rink is a large and well taken care of.  
In general it is a 5 star place, I bump it down a star because it can be a little pricey.  $3 entrance (waived if you have Blue Cross Insurance and show your card).  The skate rental however is $10, which seems a little high, but the last time I went skating was like 15 years ago, so I guess I should have realized prices wouldn't be the same as my community rink as a kid.  
Regardless, its a cool park and I had a great time hanging out.Saturday night was unexpectedly mild, and I was really excited to take advantage of the weather and go ice skating at the River Rink! Unfortunately, upon arrival, my boyfriend and I realized the tickets were sold out for the next hour and a half, boo! 
We did not wait around to skate, but instead had drinks by a fire pit. The hot chocolate with vanilla vodka was really good (I kept stealing sips!)...To console my sadness about not skating, we decided to fill the void with some sugar. I was disappointed that ONE smore from Franklin Fountain costs $6...that seemed outrageous to me! We instead got 4 marshmallows (with sticks) for $5. They are homemade by FF, so don't expect the same nostalgic taste from Jet Puff. While yummy, they melted really strangelt because they were homemade. While they probably contained less toxic chemicals, they left us somewhat craving the good old Jet Puff. 
Even without skating, we definitely enjoyed our date. There is a lot to do here, from outdoor games, arcade games, watching the flat screen TV, etc. 
Next time, we are coming on a weeknight where we can hopefully hit the ice!As far as the ice surface goes, this rink (along with any outdoor rink on earth) gets about 2 stars. The review isn't for weathering and understandable oddities regarding outdoor rinks. 
The scenery, location and atmosphere are awesome. Add winter fest and it takes on an entirely new level. This place is great for families during the day and great for the younger crowd after dark. It's not cheap and parking is $15 on top, but independence blue cross insurance holders get free skating admission for themselves and four other friends!At last week-day hours for older skaters wanting to avoid the wild, speeding evening crowds.  I've skated 4 times already. This year's winterfest is spectacular--Outdoors there are rocking chairs with blankets!  Inside the main tent there are couches near a fireplace, an arts shop and sandwich bar.I adore the river rink.  I absolutely adore it.  Talk about the ultimate date destination! I went here twice last year with my boyfriend and I am just SO excited to be going back for our third visit this Friday!  Warm fireplaces, holiday cheer, and holiday beer.  Not to mention the fire pits, local finger foods, and the porch with chairs and blankets!  I couldn't ask for a more perfect winter destination.  Make sure you stop here!  It's only $3 to get in and $10 to rent skates!This update is a bit late since our second trip here was in December but I came across some photos we took and wanted to share.
Husband planned everything weeks in advanced and reserved a "cabin" for the two of us - when we checked  in a nice worker walked us over and gave us the layout of the venue. 
It was a freezing night but these half rooms are heated nicely and we were toasty. 
The only sour note was two obnoxious people asked if we belonged there - if we paid for sitting there. They were rude and loud and then one of them tripped over the ropes that divided the space - karma huh?
Great date night!So glad that I finally got down to his place! Rink is good size, but still very crowded, better than dilworth for sure though!
The cabins are a great size! They also have heat lamps which are great! Can be hard to get a spot by the fire around 8ish, but around 11, it was less crowded and also had less kids. 
The beer selection is good, but pretty pricey, 8 bucks for a draft. Had the burgers from village burger which were really good!
Definitely will be back!Like Spruce Street Harbor Park, this place has such a nice feel to it and is a great outdoor thing to do for a date or with kids.   There's a lodge with ample seating and rocking chairs to lounge, people watch and enjoy drinks.  It would be great for groups as it's very open and has a nice view of the waterfront and bridge in the distance. 
I haven't been here to ice skate in the winter but I imagine it is just as romantic but it's good to know you can get warm inside, too.  I can't comment on the roller rink rental rates or anything as I didn't skate but just took in the vibe.  Not too crowded and great place to just hang out. 
Parking isn't too great around this area so be prepared to walk a bit.  You can catch the ferry nearby to Camden, too, so could be a good pre-game for an aquarium visit or concert.I hadn't iceskated in about 15 years and I surprisingly didn't fall once! This was the perfect way to get everyone out on a cold Winter night! Thanks, Michelle C. for everything!Ah best memories coming here during teenager years before Christmas day and landing on my arse like Bambi!  Make sure you wear lots of clothes and if need be butt cushion so you don't end up like me! ;-P New Year's Eve by Penn's Landing waterfront I hear can be most exciting to skate here but prices go up. Outdoor skating is a lot of fun- hope you have a blast!Everything's what you make of it with the River Rink being no exception.
Pessimism /VS./ Optimism
Exhibit A:
"God this is awful. Do there really need to be 963257 rambunctious teenagers skating around like complete idiots?" /VS./ "Let's wait and catch the later timeslot - it'll be an older crowd and there will be less people."
Exhibit B:
"This crap costs $11? I could be watching TV for free right now." /VS./ "Thank you, BlueCross Insurance Card for saving me and 3 of my friends $2 each AND scoring us free hot cocoas" (the December promotion)
Exhibit C:
"This DJ sucks." /VS./ "It's not an eclectic mix tape from NPR's all songs considered but hey, I can dance along to some Top 40 every now and then."
Exhibit D:
"Really? A view of Camden? Who picked this place again?" /VS./ "What a clear night - check out the flashing lights along the Benjamin Franklin Bridge!"
Exhibit E:
"Is it really going to flurry right now? OF ALL DAYS." /VS./ "Ah, I think it's starting to snow! Soo glad we bundled up for tonight." 
Okay okay, enough with the life lesson. But seriously, put on those rose-colored glasses and give yourself a chance to enjoy the experience! The River Rink is no frills: the skates aren't new & shiny, the rink's not colossal, the warming tent's nothing fancy - but hey, it's the only public outdoor ice rink in the city and it's a fun and different wintertime activity. 
You'll like it if you want to, I promise :)I have been coming to the river rink at penns landing once a year for about 5 years now. I guess I had missed last year since the lodge was new to me, but that may have made my visit this year that much better. I was pretty blown away by all the new additions around the rink and it made me feel so lucky to live in Philly! I love how they are constantly making the city a fun and exciting place to live or visit.
Anyway, I came here with a group of friends last week and was excited to see all the changes to the area. The lodge was huge and decorated like a cozy ski lodge with lights, shrubbery, and pictures of deer. There are lots of picnic benches to sit at with games at various tables, as well as comfy couches and chairs to sit and chill with friends. There was a rather long line at the bar but it moved pretty quickly. For drinks, you can pick from spiked hot chocolate or spiked cider with different alcohols like jim beam, pinnacle whipped, and Jameson to name a few, all for 7 bucks. There's also beer, wine, and nonalcoholic drinks. I got hot cider and jameson.. It was good but not very strong at all. Probably better not be to be drunk ice skating anyway :) We didn't get any food but the menu looked good. 
The outside of the lodge has rocking chairs with warm blankets to sit and enjoy the views outside which is a cute idea. There is also a firepit section where you can sit and get warm by the fires, as well as roast smores. The whole place has pretty lights and there is a light show every half hour with the lights taken from the spruce street harbor park. The music was perfect for the holiday season! We all thought the delaware waterfront did an awesome job in transforming this area. 
We decided to skate and bought tickets for the 9-1030 session. With a blue cross insurance card, you can get free admission for yourself and 4 friends, saving everyone 3 bucks (I always love feeling like I got a deal!). Then the only cost is the skate rental which is 10 bucks each. We paid and got our skates which was a painless experience and didn't take very long. It was a blast skating on the ice (and watching people fall). I just wish they would zamboni the ice at least once during the session, since it got really lumpy and kind of hard to skate on. 
All in all, it was a great time and I'm so glad I went this year. Will definitely recommend to friends!As much as I'd LOVE to give this a great review as I've always had a great time skating here the $20 for parking just fucks it all up. I will be skating elsewhere from now on where they don't try and stuff their entire fist up your ass before you even set foot in the place.$4 rentals, ~$10 admission for about 2 hours. Not a bad price for the cute Penn's landing location, and the view of the city while gliding around the ice rink.
Cons? shoe rentals STINK. I know shoe rentals are supposed to stink, but our shoes were EXTRA stinky. Also, $12 parking -  A bit heavy if you're just trying to ride around the rink for about an hour.I like this ice rink. Parking is ridiculously expensive for absolutely no reason, but otherwise prices are relatively fair and the rink is pretty nice. It's basic, and I like that it's outdoors.Came here to go ice skating with some friends.  Upon arrival we were told that all the skating tickets were sold out for the day (100% my mistake for not recognizing you needed tickets ahead of time).  Make sure you plan accordingly and buy your tickets in advance.  Even though we couldn't skate, we decided to stay and have a drink in the lodge.  After one drink it became clear that both the skating and the lodge closed at 3:30 PM.  I thought it was odd for a Saturday to have such limited hours despite the fact that the website indicated much longer hours of operation.  Not worth the trip from center city.Went yesterday, which was a Saturday. My girlfriend and I had a ton of fun. I fell, she fell, it was a nice bonding moment. The parking for the place is expensive like previously stated but the skate rentals and price of admission were fairly decent. The place had a "live DJ" he wasn't that good though. He definitely wasn't interacting with the crowd and keeping us pumped up. In other words the music selection was pretty stale. One awesome bonus was the fireworks display that went off near the battleship New Jersey, which is across the river from penn's landing, around 10 pm for 15 minutes or so. We asked the staff if it was a regular occurrence and they said no. I swear I have the best luck when it comes to things like that.This place is cool because it's outside. Dress warmly. (Way better than skating inside a hockey rink).
Things to know:
*You can only skate within 90min slots, and your time is up. Come at the right time to enjoy all your time.
*Parking is $20
*No kids on backpacks. No backpacks altogether.
*Free if you bring your Blue Cross insurance card
*There are Groupon deals with significant discounts. 
Have fun!Came here for my 8 year old cousins birthday party. The party room was private and had its own bathroom.
The rink is basic, the prices per person with skates are only about 10 dollars and if you have independence bluecross health insurance you can get 2 or 3 dollars off.
Parking is expensive and sort of a racket because it is difficult to find other parking close by. The music they played when we were there were a lot of my teenage favorites like-Dashboard Confessional, Saves the Day, and Thursday.
Minuses-We saw a mouse in the birthday party room
- Didn't offer any incentives to adults who accompanied children to the party like reduced parking or skating discounts.
-The party attendant looked like she hated her life and was absolutely miserable
Pluses-convenient location -inexpensive with independence blue cross discount  -I was into the music -all staff members other than the party attendant were pleasantI love this place. Its much nicer at night though when the darkness covers all the flaws of the area. This is a great place for people who don't know how to skate at all. I've always had a blast here. Its near by the water so the temperatures are significantly lower here. Come prepared, wear layers and it'll serve too purposes. It'll keep you warm and keep you from getting hurt when you fall. 
The lobby has some good hot chocolate if you need a break and want to warm up. They also have games for people who don't want to skate and even Karaoke! 
This is a good place to bring a date or come with a group of people who can't skate. Its fun to watch everyone fall. The pros usually skate in the middle of the rink while newcomers stay to the edges to hold on for dear life. It does get crowded on some theme nights such as Valentines day when the ice is colored red and slow music is playing. Its very romantic if that's what you're looking for. 
Most importantly, its affordable and fun.Although I've been in Philly for almost 5 years, I only made my way to this ice skating rink for the first time last year. That experience was pleasant, but nothing really blew my mind. 
Fast forward to this winter, I came back for a second visit, and I swear that from that point forward, I dreamed of living at Blue Cross River Rink so that I could spend every waking hour skating here all day and all night.
As part of the this year's "Winterfest," they completely beautified the place (compared to last year) by embellishing it with colorful lights, holiday trees, rustic furniture, and fire pits. It's a great place to hang out with a group of friends or to just skate while admiring the view of the river and Ben Franklin bridge. Start out by skating your heart away (for free if you are a BC/BS cardholder!) and warm up with food and beverages in "The Lodge" - a chalet-style beer and food tent. 
I even got my own figure skates so I could come here often without having to pay ongoing skate rentals. For those who also want to use your own new skates, you can get them sharpened here for $10 (cash only). The lockers cost $1 (quarters only) each time you open them, but they are pretty roomy and can fit shoes and handbags.Updated: Had a negative experience here in terms of customer experience and hygienic practices. 
This review has to do with the roller skating rink. 
This rink charges $13 for skating admission (and $1 for locker rental) and then allows non-paying, non-customers to objectify and photograph customers who have not consented to being photographed. This is theft.
Also, sanitary practices are lacking at this rink.  The staff sprays disinfectant on the tongue of the skate, but not on the inside of the boot, and skates/blades smell like foot-related bacteria unlike I've ever experienced at other rinks.  If you ask the staff to spray the boot again, they will generally spray the boots tongue even while you are standing there, so there seems to be a lack of training on the use/purpose of the spray.
The good: The folks at the sales desk, selling the tickets, were very nice. The DJ and music were good. 
The bad: 
However, the staff at that skate desk (renting out the skates) were generally contemptuous of customers, and were not pleasant. They slammed down skates, gave the wrong size skates, and were generally rude. 
This skating rink also allows professional photographers who haven't paid to photograph paying customers as they skate.  I'm very surprised that any business would allow their facilities to be photographed. The rink asks guests to sign a release so that business owners (the skating rink) can photograph them.  So it was clear that the rink understands the law around professional photography of folks without consent. 
The rink did not do any visible photographing during our skating. However, European tourist photographers showed up with telephoto lenses to take photographs today without permission of the persons being photograph or of the skating rink.
We alerted management. Management confirmed that these were not their photographers and that they had not given them permission to photograph, either.  They did speak to the photographers.  However, they wouldn't ask the photographers (who had not paid anything - lurking near the edges) to leave.  The photographers were spoken to, but instead of leaving, they waited for the manager to leave and moved to a new location to start photographing again. 
As paying customers, we were shocked that professional photographers off the street were allowed to take these photos on privately run property which they can then take and sell. I've not seen a business, especially in a city like Philadelphia, allow this activity. Also, it was unethical to steal photographs of people (private citizens who have not given consent), and this activity made several people really uncomfortable. Again, really surprising to see this lack of basic service and consideration for paying customers. 
Because the roller rink did no remedy the issue, we left.  A waste of $14.
I especially wouldn't recommend this rink to women or to families with children, as such professional photography without consent is allowed at this skating rink.In recent years, I've only been here for the two Yelp Icecapades events, which I've reviewed themselves as events, but I wanted to review the River Rink itself.
The Blue Cross RiverRink certainly provides a unique night out, getting to ice skate outdoors along the Delaware River, however, the facility needs some major upgrades.  First and foremost, the ice itself is not the best, perhaps not quite cold enough, because it seems to get pretty torn up rather quickly.  As we were leaving the other night, we saw one of the employees starting to clean the ice with a machine that looked more like a lawn mower than an ice cleaner.  Perhaps that piece of equipment needs to be upgraded.
My other major complaint, equally or more important than the quality of the ice itself, was the fact that my skates that I rented were not sharp at all.  It was hard for me to get any footing on the ice, as my skate kept slipping out from under me as I pushed off.  
The indoor facilities are dated, but functional.  For the CMYE  we had cookies and hot chocolate, but I'm not sure if there are any snacks available during a regular night.  
Parking is a little steep at $12.00.
I want to give the RiverRink 2 stars, but I'm feeling generous today, and will give it 3.  It's not the best quality ice skating you'll find, but it's still a fun night out and something different to do.  I can get behind any activity that promotes physical activity.  Despite the facilities flaws, I got myself in almost a good hour of easy, low impact cross-training the other night and had an overall good time.  I won't go out of my way to come here on my own, but if Yelp continues to sponsor a CMYE here once a year, I'll definitely come out.Beautiful! It was one of the nicest outdoor rinks I've ever been to. I live in SF, so I love the Union Square one when it's in season. 
The arcade area was smaller than I'd expected, and seemed to be catered toward children. But the large open area with the fireplaces, jenga, alcohol, and open tables was amazing. Super cozy! And everyone was so friendly in there!
The ice skating side with the locker rentals, on the other hand, was another story. The skates were outdated, tattered, with the laces all ripped. Every encounter with them for size inquiries, or questions of any sort, were either ignored or responded to with such attitude that we finally decided to just suck it up and skate with the deficient skates we were given. (bummer). This ended up cutting our skating time short, because our feet hurt so bad. :(Fun for the whole family even if you've never I've skated before!!  The scenery alone is awesome, the Ben Franklin bridge and center city in the background along with the water and all of the xmas lights is really cool.  3 people was $36The venue itself is sound, very good/solid night out choice.
$3.00 to get in, $10 skate rental.  Park further down closer to Market St. if you can, any off street parking as $15.00 for the nearby lot was considerable to say the least.
Per the rink, commons, bar, etc., decent, clear, well staffed.Why do they put these things in phlly? its jam packed on any given day of the week. it's as clean as it can be for place with 3 million people at any given time of the day. and parking.....yeah right. 
Pros: it's only a few month out of the year, the atmosphere screams WINTER WONDERLAND
Cons: everything else.
it's not my thing but you might like it. go. park, spend $20 to park in a seedy place, enjoy yourself.Visited Blue Cross River Rink with a group of friends on a Sunday night and had a great time! The whole area is decorated so intricately, it really feels like you're at a ski lodge rather than in Philly! 
There is much more to do than just ice skate. There a lots of fire pits and cozy little cabins with heaters as well as yard games. There are a variety of food and drink options to snack or sip while you hang by the fire as well! There is also an indoor beer hall and arcade area.
We had so much fun ice skating. Check the times ahead of time, you have to choose a 90 min period and if you arrive in the middle of one, you choose between waiting or losing part of your time. I feel like the rink is much larger than the city hall rink, and I think this one has better music as well. 
My only real issue with our experience was the skate rentals. The ice skates are old and many pairs are broken, I had to return mine three times to get functional skates. Would be thrilled to see them upgrade their skates!We took a weekend trip to Philadelphia from NYC during the holidays. We at the HIlton PEnn's LAnding Hotel which is a 5 minute walk to the RiverRink. We decided to take a walk one evening. The Scenery is amazing with the ice rink, tree and shops set to the backdrop of the river and bridge. If you got on top you can get some great photos of everything. On a Sunday night, there were a lot of people there but I wouldn't say it was overcrowded. There is of course ice skating which is $4 for ice skating with a $10 for skate rental. There were helpers/assistants on the rink as well to regulate traffic and help out. There are a few discounts including college students ad group rates, so ask before paying. There is a small arcade there too...skeeball etc. There are a bunch of food options there including A dessert place, a pizza place, a burger place and also a Chickie and Petes. Expect to pay about $10-12 for a sandwich and $3-4 for basic beverages. The price mark-up was not as much as I expected, so kudos to them or that. There is parking lot there but I am not sure how much it is. (About $20 ish I would guess) There is also adequate staff there, so I never felt unsafe at any timeIce-skating is one way to stay active in the winter. Blue Cross has a suitable space for a nice crowd. 
1) Watch out for children and teenagers who skate crazily! 
2) The locker room smells strange and stuffy
3) The bathroom could use more maintenance.Great spot for some winter skating in the Philly area!  The atmosphere is incredible and you can't beat the view here. I'd highly recommend heading here over your local skating rink, you won't be disappointed. I wish they would sharpen their skates more often to make skating a bit easier, but it's not a big deal. I've been coming to River Rink for the past two years and will come back again next year.More interesting than expected.  It has a lodge area where you can get basic food and semi-craft beer, though the selection isn't anything to get excited about. 
There's music, ice skating, and lots of lights.  It's a cool place to hang out, probably nicer than you're expecting if you haven't been there before. 
Regrettably, no alcohol in the skating area. 
Also, there's an observation deck where you can go to watch people fall on the ice.Let me preface this review with: I am a horrible ice skater, so the rough ice and the horrible skates from the 80s make skating harder for me. 
It's shameful that a big city like Philadelphia can have such a pitiful excuse for an ice skating rink - we have two hockey teams - you'd think one of them would have helped build a real rink by this point. The location is not exactly on the beaten path, the ice does not get cleaned (no Zamboni!) so is rough and bumpy, and the music selection is horrible. Some of the skates were downright horrible and the staff was exactly what you'd expect at an ice skating rink - minimum wage teens that don't really care. 
That being said, ice skating is really fun, so for $10, try it out, but hopefully the city will work on better options in the future. Certainly they could improve their music selection and figure out a way to clean the ice.I've always enjoyed myself at the Penn's Landing River Rink. The novelty of actually being outside while skating is something that I don't get often enough, and the place is well-kept, so it doesn't feel like a dive.
The prices to go to the River Rink are pretty comparable to going to a movie in the city-- under $10 for admission, a few bucks for skates, and then parking costs $12. However, it isn't necessary to incur all of these costs-- bringing your own skates knocks the price down, and taking the subway puts you within three blocks of the rink. If you have Blue Cross, you even get more discounts (though I can't comment, because they aren't my healthcare provider)!
As for the actual experience, I have rarely gone during the public skate times, but from what I remember, it gets pretty crowded. The rink isn't massive, but it's large enough that going around it a few times at a decent speed will get you warmed up/tired, depending on your fitness level. I don't usually listen to Top 40 hits, but I definitely don't mind listening to it while ice-skating next to the Delaware River. There isn't always a music playlist going, unfortunately. If you rent your skates and they aren't sharp enough, you can ask nicely for them to sharpen the blades.
The bathrooms are clean and there is a small arcade. In addition, there are some concessions and vending machines, but they seem like pretty typical ice rink fare. Also, I though it was cool to see a large TV that shows a live feed of the rink.
The River Rink is a great place to skate with friends, especially when it's nighttime and the city is lit up, but it is also a pretty plain establishment that gets the job done.Parking's easier here than at Penn's skating rink, and it's certainly more accessible. Such convenience comes at a price: This rink is almost always more crowded[1]. Not a horrible date idea, if you don't mind an audience.
The rink's ice is smoothed out regularly, and there's usually decent music piped in. The view isn't amazing, but it's better than staring at stands. Hungry? There are concessions where you can buy food. (Nothing's cheap, of course.) Without skates? Rentals are available.
Blue Cross's crowd is a turnoff to me[2], but otherwise it's a standard rink to be enjoyed by all ages.
[1] Not necessarily a demerit, but not ideal when you're skating.
[2] Rare for me, but it happens to the best of us.PACKED... book in advance... either the day before (use their online site) or early in the morning for later in the day slot on the ice.  Plenty of skates to rent in ALL sizes.  The rink is big-enough and they try and limit the people coming in so that it does not feel like a herd of wildebeest running in the corral.  
My advice... book a time and then show up about 20-30 minutes AFTER the start time... when most of the newbies are tired and have already walked off the ice.
Staff was nice, but you could tell they are over-worked, and under-paid.
Also... take an Ride-Share here.. DO NOT attempt to find any parking or to navigate your way down.  Have them drop you off at the start of the overpass on the other side of the high-way and just walk across and down the steps. Same goes when you leave... Walk up and across the bridge for a cheaper and faster ride home.Drove an hour to get here and it was closed after I called and spoke to someone and she said they were open. We had a whole conversation of how I can pay at the box office and not necessarily online. Took all 4 of my children here and we arrived and everything was closed at 7pm. The website said they didn't close until 11pm. I can't explain how truly disappointed we were after paying for gas toll and parking just for everything to be closed. The sad part is I spoke to a human being that told me they were open!  My kids have been wanting to go here for a while now. Too bad the first time they got to go we were turned away!Nothing feels quite so essential to winter as ice-skating outdoors. There's now several options in Philly, but the Blue Cross River Rink remains the best by far, especially after the upgrades this winter.  
While on the ice, there's flashing lights and music, so it almost feels like being at a club.  It's peppy and fun, and helps alleviate potential boredom from skating in circles. 
The lodge (search for the page - it has its own) is a very welcome addition, and makes the river rink more of a destination.  Now you can stretch your visit to a couple hours or even a whole night, rather than just an hour or two on the ice.Came here for a date the other night and it was lovely. Just a heads up if you are coming/leaving via Uber or Lyft it can be confusing as hell, so definitely specify where you're at. I had a couple issues. 
My only other negative is that it was packed! People are mostly wearing mask skating, but it is kind of disconcerting the amount of people that were there. They didn't enforce masks if someone had there's off or pulled down. Additionally, there was no temperature screenings or capacity limits to my knowledge. I know we were mainly outside, but more precautions could have been taken.
Other than that - I loved it! We ice skated and bought tickets/rentals in advance. There's lots of food and drink options - all pretty affordable and the aesthetic truly is festive. A winter wonderland, they do a great job! They also have heat lamps and fire pits in an effort to stay warm.  And cute little cabins to sit in - you'll need a ressy here, worth it!
Highly recommend - I'll be back!Love what they have done with the place. I'm not big into skating so I come here for the other perks :). The lodge is super cute / warm. They have chickies and Pete's, village burger and a section for adult becerageAlso there is a section to play arcade games and they have 5 different air hockey tables! That's the most I have seen in a place. 
The one thing i did not like were the chestnuts. We spend $8 and got like 5 chestnuts and they were all rotten :(....kinda disappointing since i love them!The Blue Cross River Rink has transformed over the last 10 years into a Wintry Wonderland surrounded by lights, food vendors, an arcade, and fire pits. 
After years since my last visit, I finally decided to plan a double date with a couple friends to visit the rink once again. The skating admission is $3 and skate rentals are $10. *If you have Independence Blue Cross insurance, bring your card for a discount! The line to pick up your skate rentals go by quickly, so if you end up in the back of the line, it's all good. They also offer lockers to store your shoes for $1 (quarters). They have an exchange cash to coins machine, so dollar bills are fine. 
The decor and lights were beautiful overlooking the river. It definitely uplifted my spirits just being there. My one complaint is that the skates are very narrow and uncomfortable. We all had to take multiple breaks because our feet were throbbing in pain. Perhaps spending on a fresh new pair of ice skates is more worth it in the long run than to suffer through painful skates. Instead of spending $13 each visit, why not bring your own *comfortable* ice skating shoes and spending only $3? Amirite? :D
Overall, a fun & uplifting experience. I'll definitely come back, but with my own ice skating shoes.Came here the weekend after Christmas with my boyfriend and two of our friends. We thought it would be a little less crowded after the holiday, but we were wrong. We had to wait in a line of cars for about 15 minutes just to get into the parking lot. Parking here is $12, but we knew from past experience that parking in this area is a pain, so we just sucked it up. Thankfully, we had already got our tickets online because the 7 o'clock session was sold out. We also got our tickets for free because my boyfriend showed his blue cross insurance card. They normally only would have been $3 each, but still a nice little perk. We had to pay $10 each to rent skates which is ridiculous. You are better off buying your own skates if you're planning on going more than once. The area where you go to get the skates smelled horrible and some of the skates are really beat up and gross looking. The skating area itself was awesome. I'm glad they only sell a certain number of tickets for each session because it was a little crowded, but not unbearably. They play music and there are lots of flashing lights moving throughout the rink. We really had fun. But, towards the end of our session the rink was extremely snowy. We walked around the area after and it was really cool. Lots of christmas lights, firepits, and food options. We had already ate before somewhere else in the city because we knew how overpriced it would be there. But, I did splurge on a yummy apple cider. I will definitely look forward to coming here again next winter!The Blue Cross River Rink transforms from a Winter Wonderland into a Summer oasis/carnival.  In a city of 4 million people please don't think you'll be by yourself. Upon entering you'll be greeted by security. There is so much to do.  You can skate, head to the arcade which is in an air conditioned tent or get something to eat at which has become Philly's favorite restaurant Chickie's & Pete's(crab legs and crab fries). ATTENTION they have a BAR!  There is plenty of seating around the rink and outside the rink. With picnic tables and lawn recliners for two which face the Delaware River and Camden's expanding(and well lit) waterfront. They've added a Ferris wheel this year to complete the carnival atmosphere. Games, miniature golf and concession stands makes this a must do for the summer. On Friday and Saturday nights they have a DJ who plays Old Skool rap and some Top 40 hits. No, there are no backward only or couples skate. Darn! The only negative is on the skating rink the staff seem to have no experience. They are poor skaters who can't manage the crowded floor. They let the inexperienced skate on the outer edges of the rink. Which when they fall causes a chain reaction.  They must push them to skate closer to the middle. Overall a great family outing or just to come and watch with a date. RecommendI have been to this skating rink two years in a row now. I haven't learned my lesson that I can't skate and won't know how to unless I take lessons. Still, this is a fun place to come to when it's not a weekend or Friday evening during the winter. 
To get there, walk all the way down on Chestnut Street toward the water, go down the stairs. The entrance is a bit hard to find, but it's to the left and around the corner. It looks empty until you see the hundreds of people down below.  
My boyfriend and I visited for at most 30 minutes only because I wasn't having much fun not falling while he did circle figure eights. 
You can get a discount on skate rentals/admission if you have Blue Cross as your insurance provider; we didn't. Otherwise, the skate rentals are about $24 for two people and admission to the rink. The skates are not very good, the laces are worn and old, and the ice is mostly safe to travel across if you know what you're doing. 
You are allotted a two-hour window, but I imagine you could stay longer and no one would notice. There are intervals where everyone must clear the rink so that the zamboni can smooth the ice. 
Locker rentals for shoes and other stuff require quarters (there's a coin machine) and you can't re-enter the locker unless you pay the rental fee again.
There is a faux ski lodge area to the side where you can take pictures in front of signs and props, go play in one of the many arcade games, and buy unsatisfactory and overpriced s'mores for $6. The s'mores are really, really not worth it---trust me! 
The restrooms are not clean and easily avoidable; try to go elsewhere beforehand or afterwards.Honestly, I think the only reason this is a 4 for me is because IBX members get free admission for up to 4 people. It's decent ice for being outdoors next to the river, but it does get pretty crowded. Never been here during the summer so I don't know what the roller side is like. Skate rental is grossly expensive for the quality of skates but I guess they have to make their money somewhere! The lockers are kind of small, but considering they're $1.00 per, it's not the worst if you need to take up a couple.
I like the whole "Winterfest" setup, but actually buying anything is so expensive, and with Old City and the rest of center city down the street, it's hard for me to actually spend any real money here. Definitely a cute idea to rent out for an event, if that's up your alley.It's okay. Lots of money-grabbing, not the least of which is the TWENTY DOLLAR WTF PARKING. And the funnel cake guy is, frankly, a dick. I stood there waiting to be acknowledged by him so I could order. Finally Miss Beautiful asked him for an apple cobbler and the best she got was a frown and a shake of the head no.Came for Summerfest on a Saturday evening and had such a fun time! Reserved my admission/skate rental ticket online ahead of time, although seemed like plenty of people walked up and purchased tickets on site. The rink was not as big as I expected but it also never felt overcrowded. A few other plusses are lockers available for $1 and no limit on how long you can skate. There was plenty of parking available, but it is also just a short walk from Center City. Great value for a day or night of fun!They did such a nice job decorating, this place was gorgeous and so much fun! The cabins are adorable and highly recommended:) the rink was a little too packed but hey, that's what you get for going on opening weekend. This is a great place to take friends and family. Rent your own little "cabin" and enjoy some good food and desserts. They also have an arcade room and fire pits to make s'mores!I came during Thanksgiving opening weekend with 4 friends. You pay outside for admission ($3), which you can get for free for up to 4 people with one Independence/Blue Cross insurance card, and rental skates ($10). You actually pick a 90-minute session to skate, so it's not just open skate for however long you want. We skated during 3-4:30 pm on a Sunday, which was pretty busy and had a beautiful view of Penn's Landing, the Benjamin Franklin Bridge, etc.
Then you go inside with the ticket and can pick up the rental skates. They only have whole sizes so I had to get a size down from what I normally wear. My feet were killing me in the rental skates, but apparently you just have to get used to that because you don't want to skate in loose skates and risk twisting your ankle. You want it to be snug, but maybe not too tight because then you can't stop thinking about the pain. The lockers for you to put your belongings while you skate require 4 quarters, and you can exchange $1 or $5 bills for quarters at the machines. I was able to fit the shoes and bags for 2-3 people per locker. 
I usually only skate once a year, but this place is really close to me so I think I might invest in some skates to come here for free! It was a bit stressful with the more experienced folks zipping past me like Ant Man and then kids and adults learning to skate for the first time with arms flailing and everything. I'm not very good at steering myself away but if people stay out of my way I can skate laps without hitting anything haha. I also really liked the music that was playing--lots of Coldplay, the Fray, One Republic, John Mayer, that kinda stuff. Talk about a throwback! At the end of the session they make an announcement and everyone has to exit the rink for them to use the Zamboni to smooth out the ice. Definitely coming back more throughout the season and would highly recommend you to check it out!Definitely a fun place to go!  I went here to meet up with my friend who was starting her birthday weekend extravaganza.  We had so much fun hanging out in one of the lounge spots that you can rent out.  The lounge spots are heated!
The River Rink is very cute and festive. Decor throughout has a ski lounge appeal.  There's things to do for the young and old at heart too.  If you want to ice skate.. great. If you want to sit and people watch while drinking a beer or have a bite to eat.. great. there's an area with arcade games too.    It was a busy Saturday so there were tons of people on the ice, family and kids all around.  Everyone having a great time! 
I enjoyed my spiked coffees! :) And yes, I paid for them. There are drinks for adults here at the rink! The only con I had was sitting by the fire pits, you'll definitely end up smelling like smoke.  but overall, this is a place everyone should try out!