This is a great coffee & Belgian waffle place!  The waffles are amazing, and the hot chocolate is made with ghirardelli chocolate (I'm not a coffee person).  They offer free wireless which is a huge plus if you want to just study/surf/etc.  There are apparently two locations for this coffee shop, I've never been to the other but its hours are longer and more convenient.This place is insane. My husband and our one and a half year old son were in Philly on a weekend getaway,  and we went here for breakfast because it was close to our hotel. I had never had waffles like these before in my entire life. I had the peanut butter banana waffle, and my husband had strawberry with white chocolate. They made a mini waffle for our son, and his was blueberry. We ate at a lot of places this past weekend, but hands down we both agreed this place was the BEST. We are yearning for more. I wonder if I can find anything similar here in NYC? They were even super nice to our kid, despite the fact that he was high on sugar crystals and was running around the cafe while my husband and I chased after him. Great service, but OMG the waffles. OMG OMG OMG.There is something about a place that focuses on one item and does that item extraordinarily well.  Bonte fits in this category, and its contribution has been with the gaufre or Belgian waffle.  This ain't no overly sweet and soggy version from IHOP, but very much like the original item you will find in Europe.  The texture is truly unique as the outside is slightly crisp, but the inside is chewy.  The key is the sugar, which is imported by the owner from Belgium and the results are simply amazing, and on this business trip, I ate one every day.  My favorite version is the original plain and the chocolate.  The menu also includes decent sandwiches and ice cream, but the main draw is the waffle, which I will miss once I return to Seattle.I pass this place everyday on my way to and from work. It always seems empty.
 I decided to try it today as I needed a quick bite on my lunch break. 
There was two employees and 3 customers already served when I walked in. I ordered a waffle.  20 minutes later I decided to ask when my order will be ready since I did not have much more time to waist. I can not imagine what the wait would be if they were actually busy!
Instead of enjoying the food in I needed to change my order to go. You can't appreciate the taste if you eat in a hurry walking back. I paid extra for the topping which I did not get !!!! but I was not going to go back and waist another half an hour  ;)
I would not recommend this place unless you trying to kill the time. 
Waffle was ok but customer service has A LOT to ask for.
Note to the owner: Bonte will never get busy if the customer service is so slow. You may sell a good product but your employees need some serious training.We have to agree with other reviewers... the waffles look enticing but are way too sweet from all the sugar pearls on the outside and are tough to cut and dry (formed as dough balls and pressed, then cooked, rather than made from a thinner batter we anticipated).  Blueberries were good but waffles were too sweet to finish.I passed Bonte today on my way to a coffee shop closer to my house - but when I saw the sign advertising happy hour with $1 coffee, I immediately pivoted and went in.
It was about 2:30 when I went in, but I asked the girl if it was cool if I hung out until 3 when the happy hour started.
Sure, no problem.
The coffee was pretty good - and, free refills! I don't know anywhere that still does that, besides Denny's.  I didn't get any of the food or waffles, but it all smelled delicious.  I'm definitely going to go back here, and next time I'll probably try one of those waffles!Very sweet surgery waffles, i had Strawberries & Dk Chocolate with Chocolate Syrup & this is really a Sugar overdose, excellent Espresso to counter balanceReally AMAZING waffles. Only thing is they seem to have only one waffle maker, which, for a waffle place, seems quite hindering. Took about 15 minutes for our waffles to be ready. Other than that it's great, just make sure you're not in a time crunch.Bonte is a great shop that sticks true to classic street waffles of Belgium. That being said, they are very sticky sweet suckers. I don't enjoy sitting in the cafe, as I feel it is not very inviting. Furthermore, I found that the coffee was less than desirable. But on a cold day there is something charming about a warm cup of coffee and a comforting Belgian waffle.Wow, what a disappointing experience. That's all I can say. The people at Bonte are horrible, who seemed to go out of their way to make sure I left feeling the same way. There has to be better places around this area to get decent coffee and pastriesHave you ever had a Belgian Sugar Waffle? Before Bonte I hadn't and I can only say these waffles make me drool just typing about them. So perfect and delicious you would be a fool not to try them plain, and then with every extra ingredient your heart desires. Bonte also has a really good fruit parfait for those trying to watch their figure after eating a sugar waffle every day of the week and their sandwiches are quite delicious as well.Oh man did you know that espresso is like .50 cents during happy hour?  I tried the pecan waffle and that thing had sugar crystals in it.  SUGAR CRYSTALS!I went there and was very pleasantly surprised.  The waffles are a bit small but they are absolutely delicious.  You should know that the waffles are sweet before you start eating them, because it's a bit surprising if you're not expecting it.  I got mine with strawberries and walnuts and it was the perfect mid-morning snack.  Also, if you're a student it's a great place to get a cup of coffee and a waffle and spend the morning studying.The waffles are so good they almost make me believe in god.  That's right - these sugary confections are so exquisite you will hallucinate!
Lord Jebus please give me the strength to continue until I can bring my portly ass back to Philly!!Bonte's waffles are just simply wonderful! You can get them with all sorts of fruit or sweets mixed into the batter, topped with two generous scoops of ice cream! All of the waffle concoctions i've had have been very tastey and I have not seen a combination go wrong yet. The waffles come out crunchy and hot with the flavor evenly distributed throughout the waffle. A downside may be seeing the cost of your dish go up with each addition on your waffle, but it's worth a splurge once in awhile.
As for their drinks, their dirty chai has a subtle spice to it, and since I personally don't like chai all that much, this is the best chai i've ever had! Drip coffee and iced coffee are great, their teas are "Mighty Tea Leaf", which is a great brand of teas imo. Occasionally I have seen some seasonal lattes. I've had their pumpkin latte and that was what sold me on this cafe.
Free wifi is a HUGE plus for those students out there. The downside may be that there is bad lighting at some seats, and the cafe itself is rather small, so finding a seat may be a challenge. The friendly staff creates a very college-like atmosphere that is just simply relaxing. Oh! another downer is that the cafe closes "early", usually around 5 or 6 pm. 
Overall, great little cafe (^_______^)bWe had lunch from Bonte at work today.  Really solid sandwiches -- I tried a half of chicken salad on walnut raisin bread.  Chicken salad was the right consistency (i.e. not too mayonnaise-y but not too dry), although the ratio of lettuce to chicken to bread was a bit off IMHO.  
Chicken pesto sandwich on Focaccia was a little oily and greasy for my taste.  Again, probably a little off on the proportions, but the pesto was tasty and the chicken stayed moist.
Sadly, no waffles today, but when I've been to the storefront, these are very tasty but take way too long to come out...This small, basement cafe is a hidden gem and guess what... They except credit cards! 
I recently tried Bonte for the first time with a friend after class and we were pleasantly surprised.  As soon as I asked for a side of syrup, the guys working knew we were newbies.  A waffle that doesn't need syrup, I thought that was unheard of but it's true.  These "sugar waffles" are warm and crispy with just the right amount of sweetness.  A plus? They are even great if you're on the go! My strawberry sugar waffle was accompanied by a chai latte, which was also a refreshing change from Starbucks with its light taste.  (They also have breakfast sandwiches and lunch sandwiches pre-made if a waffle isn't exactly what you're in the mood for)
The staff is friendly and knowledgable and extremely approachable which is something I take note of since I have been working in an environment where customer service is key for as long as I can remember. 
Great spot for a quick breakfast with a couple of friends, only downfall is the lack of seating so I suggest definitely checking it out while you're on the go!Even though I love me some creme brulee, believe it or not I'm actually not big on sweets. However, off the recommendation of my bff (biggest foodie friend), I ended up indulging in a Belgian Sugar waffle topped with ice cream, caramel sauce, and pecans.
It was the best dessert for lunch I had had in a long time. Plus, this location has free wi-fi and a nice lounge area within which to chill and enjoy your waffle sundae of sorts :pBonte used to be good, but the past year or so they have been consistantly reducing the quality of their food.  I dont get waffles so I cant comment on that, but the salads and sandwiches which used to be a good go-to standard lunch, are now sub-standard overpriced unfilling blah.  The salads used to be bountiful, now they are so stingy they didnt even put ONIONS on the Bonte salad I got today. I could count the 15 cranberries and 4-5 miniscule walnuts, and what has to be less than a quarter of an avacado sliced as absolutely thin as they can get it.  And the Roma sandwich, which being only mozzarella & tomato on a baguette for $7 or so is already overpriced, had the thinnest slices of mozz ever.  I got my lunch to-go and apparently they dont give you vinagrette anymore unless you request it, so I had to eat a dressing-less salad and bone dry baguette. Awful. I dont know if it's the economy or what but I'm cutting them out of my lunch options for good after his sad unfilling experience.  Not worth $15.50.  Anyone else out there catching on to their customer reducing penny-pinching?Greed is good. And if Wall Street was a real movie Micheal Douglas would endorse these waffles. This is the ultimate. One Belgian waffle topped with one scoop of vanilla ice cream. If I get anymore glutton I will be in dangerously close to at least 5 of the 7 deadly sins. The vanilla ice cream oozes off the waffle like maple sap out of trees. And the sugar crystals explode in my mouth like suicide pop rock terrorist. If you've want to have real Belgium style waffle this is the place to do it. I am sipping on an Iced coconut coffee with beans strong enough to smoke. I am savoring one Belgium waffle with vanilla ice cream on top. As my friend, Greed is goodI had the waffle with strawberries and a latte.  I was not a fan of the waffle at all.  It was too firm and chewy and the flavor wasn't very good.  The latte was very weak and had sort of a funny aftertaste.  Maybe I caught them on a bad day?Being from Belgium and since I have eaten a lot of the real Belgian waffles, I thought I am going to give Bonté a try. I was very curious and excited because of all the good reviews it got on here. Now I tried one this afternoon and my disappointment could not have been bigger. I tried a regular sugar waffle and it was nothing like the ones we have in Belgium. The waffle was not baked all the way trough and it had only little tiny pieces of sugar in it. It should be the big pearly pieces of sugar and you never put cinnamon in the dough! 
I can understand that you like it if you have never experienced the real waffles from Belgium. It was not a bad waffle but nothing like the real thing so I will not be going back.Bonte has seriously great waffles.  They're not typical Americanized waffles, so don't expect anything close to what you might find at an IHOP.  No, my friend, these waffles are crispy and chewy and so flavorful you don't need syrup.  They're almost more like pastries.  Better yet, they're handmade while you wait and you can get them with your choice of fillings.  
Let's boil it all down.  What I'm telling you is that while other schmucks are waiting in line for a high-falutin' brunch, I'm eating a chocolate and banana-filled crispy and chewy pastry that's fresh from the waffle iron.  Why wouldn't you go?  
The location is a half-story below street-level.  Very quaint and European.The waffles are different. They are not a substantial breakfast, great for a snack. Good flavor and not too sugary like other reviews suggested.   
The 2 guys behind the counter are aloof at best. With 3 customers in the entire place they we're overwhelmed and didnt deliver half our order.  One of them was completely stumped on why we didn't get our order.  I think he should go look in a mirror, he'll find the answer.Seems to have problems opening on time, staff is snipey and rude. No amount of 'good waffles' can make up for disrespect of customers so I won't be back.I love the concept of this place. What a great way to spend your time, sipping a hot drink and eating fresh made-to-order waffles. =)
When I arrived here, it was pretty quiet on a weekday morning. Menu looked promising too. A wide selection of coffees and hot drinks and belgain waffles that you can customize with different flavors and fruits. 
I ordered milk with honey and a belgian waffle with stawberries. Bf ordered a cafe latte (the barista recommended it) and a waffle with chcolate and bananas. 
While we sipped our drinks (the drinks were yummy!) we watched them make the waffles (very fresh), and I was really excited to try it.  When I finally did...it was ok....I couldn't taste the strawberries in the waffle, even though it had been mixed into the batter. Maybe the fruit was too mild. But all I tasted was dough. The sugar crystals mixed inside was a bit too sweet for me. I could have done without it, because the waffle batter had a good amount of sweetness in it too. My bf's waffle tasted a bit better. The chocolate taste was prominent but you couldn't taste too much banana. Waffle size was also a bit small, could have been a little bit bigger for the price ($2.95 for a waffle plus en extra 60 cents for each add-in).
Overall, not bad. Maybe if I ever come by again...I can ask them to customize the waffle a bit (i.e no sugar crystals). It is a lovely concept though, I wish we had more Wafflerie establishments in California!Best waffle I have ever had! Soft and delicious and still warm! Also, I shared an ice chai latte with my friend and we both agreed that it was amazing. Really, neither one of us had any complaints whatsoever! The staff was super friendly and helpful, the place clean, and the food exceptional. Both my friend and I plan to become regulars there now!Their coffee is mediocre. Their Belgian waffle is too sweet and sticky. Their baked goods are really horrendous. But they have free WiFi.For a Large Chai Tea, small Cafe Mocha and 2 sugar waffle one consist of banana and dark chocolate and the other one is peanut butter and one scoop of ice cream cost me $17. I was really disapointed because of the reviews that I have read in here... It's not melt in your mouth sugar waffle! My waffle has specks of burnt from the waffle cast iron. I didn't come here for a banana that is mushed inside the waffle itself. However, the smell of the aroma of the waffle shop was a heaven's delight! I've enjoyed the smell of it rather enjoyed the sugar waffle itself! The waffle itself is kinda hard. To tell you the truth the belgian waffle that I ate at Ponzio's in Cherry Hill is much better. I'm turned off at this place!!! I say it's not worth of your money!!!Good spot for you just to have a cup of coffee alone and read the paper.  I would however suggest that the health department be notified that while they are forming the waffles gloves are not being worn.  Having noticed that I no longer wanted my waffle, I mean forming the waffle which was much like clay and if you have dirt on your hands...then you have baked in dirt in your waffle (mmmm tasty).No wireless on the day we went.  Service was sloooow- they waited until there was a critical mass of waffle orders before we got ours.  If you love crunchy, sugary waffles (I didn't do the mix ins since I heard that Bonte's waffles are so sweet), go for it.  Bring your patience.The plates here at this Bonte are kind of small, yet fancy, and the affordably priced and freshly made breakfast items and sandwiches are quite good.  Had a bacon croissant with eggs and cheddar, straight off the grill and it was delicious.  The cheese was real deli quality, not something out of a supermarket package. The self serve cold water station was a welcome addition and I wish more restaurants were willing to take the hint and accommodate the customers by maintaining something so simple yet refreshing. The restaurant was attractive and clean which some bus-your-own table style delis have been unable or perhaps unwilling to replicate. Their credit card acceptance policy and seat yourself anywhere policy earn extra stars with me.Oh yum. I found another breakfast spot I can visit while in Philadelphia as well as an alternative to Starbucks to get my mocha fix. While i enjoyed the waffle, I loved the mocha better. I'm making a mental note to get a size up when ordering a mocha because I inhaled my mocha I ordered within minutes. It was so good and not overly sweet or tart as mochas can be. The waffle tasted like a mix of waffle and a cinnamon roll. It was very tasty and sweet but some pieces were a little burnt to my liking. I didn't go for any of the toppings or mixtures because I like my waffles plain. Weird, I know. The girls behind the counter were friendly and patient when I kept changing my mind on whether or not I should get a waffle. The waffle took about 3 minutes to make, and I sat patiently sipping on my delicious mocha. Oh, it's on the lower level (take stairs down) and not far from the Sofitel. I walked right by...twice! Sheesh.Smells awesome.  And the waffles live up to it - they are really delicious.  And so is the coffee.  Get yours to go though; the cafe itself (on 10th and Walnut) isn't very comfortable.Was doing some shopping and came across this little cafe....sooo good! I ordered the strawberry sugar waffle they put the strawberry in side the waffle and its so yummy I didn't even need any syrup! It tastes even better when you get the random chunks of sugar. Great customer service as well!!3.5 stars.
At first, I thought the gaufre interiors were a bit too dense, but the more I ate, the more I enjoyed.  And when we had some leftovers and were eating them a little later, I wished I had another to enjoy as well. Remind me of the traditional Chinese egg cakes which you eat while hot out of a paper bag.  Look forward to returning here.4 starz: the didn't open until 8:02. Terrible. Awful. Terrible. Awful.
How's this for irony? The two minute delay in opening wouldn't have mattered if their waffles weren't so dammed delicious. 
Belgium waffles stuffed with your selected fillings: white chocolate and strawberries; pecans and peanut butter. It's like frozen yogurt. Only with waffles. 
If you like fully cooked waffles that are burned to a crisp inside and out, go somewhere else, because the best part about these waffles is that they're crisp on the outside and generously gooey on the inside.Hoo boy, was ol' soupcan not ready for this one.  I first I was lured by the intoxicating smell in like a pigeon to a crumb off'a my beard.  Then they stick these gams under my face nose and POW!  much like a your first kiss from a trashy lady it doesn't start off nice and when it gets hard 'n' heavy, sweeping you off'a your feet you don't relieze she's taking your one dollar.  And you know what? in the moment you really don't care.
Dear God I love living.The waffles are delicious. If you are near this place when it is open, you should definitely stop by. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is it closes early. Waffles would be a great late night treat, but this place closes at 6:00.I woke up late this morning, so I ended coming here for a late breakfast. 
I was craving a waffle, so I ordered one with walnut and white chocolate filling. 
For a single waffle it cost $2.95 and additional filling cost .50 cents each. I had it with a hot chocolate which I thought was reasonable.
The waffle was decent, but wasn't the  lightest most flavorful I have ever had. 
I thought the waffle was a bit on the crunchy side. Maybe they overcooked it.
I didn't finish it, so I left hungry. 
I suspect the cafe gets crowded in the morning because of its location.My fiance and I stopped in here for dessert after we ate at a place up the street. I like the feel of the place, it is very clean, welcoming, and there were a few (non-obnoxious) groups of people hanging out, both inside and out.
We got a tea and a waffle/ice cream thing with banana and walnut "mix ins". I had quickly consulted the menu visually, and mistakenly assumed there were two waffles with the order. In fact, it is a single waffle (flat-ish, if you're expecting a diner-type belgin waffle, you'll be disappointed. This was more of a semi-fluffy pizzelle) with two scoops of ice cream.
And yes, the waffle was good, I liked it, he liked it, and I wouldn't turn it away if someone offered to get me one. BUT - one small waffle and two smallish scoops of ice cream was $5.50, and the "mix ins" (which was somewhat laughable as an "addition", given the size of the waffle) were .50 each. With a cup of tea, we ended up dropping over ten bucks on this tiny little dessert. Yes, it's made there, and yes it's good...but ten bucks?
I'd like to go again, but I'm afraid the price range will be something of a deterrent to us going often. I still wish this little place the best, as they have definitely got the food quality down pat. Plus, hey, free wi-fi!
P.S. - the bathroom is very big, unisex, and stroller-friendly. If you're a mom looking to grab a cup of coffee or a snack and change your kid's diaper, this would likely be a good place to do it.I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
This was the phrase that kept going through my head this morning as I sat slumped in my chair with my co-worker trying to remember what it was like having the ability to think straight. After the first ever (and totally kick ass) Philly Elite Event last night, our brains, well, we concluded that we dropped those off at day care today because they certainly weren't with us at any point til just a few minutes ago.
Now, where does napalm come in? Well, you try smelling coffee and sweet waffles when you feel THAT hungover and then come tell me about how tantalizing the smells are. As for what I consumed, I tried the roast beef sandwich and an iced tea (which note to hungover lushes, is not so good the second time around). They were fine, but honestly, my senses were all kinds of messed up. 
The atmosphere was a little too loud for me this morning as well and the sounds of coffee being made and chicks talking loudly, errr, no thanks. Not sure if I will ever come back here and not sure if I will ever look at iced tea and roast beef the same way again :)
I swear, 33 years old and still retarded. When oh when will I ever learn.I guess the easiest way to sum this up is, if you're going to call your café a "wafflerie", you may want to purchase a second waffle making machine... just a thought.
I literally waited 35 minutes for two waffles to go.  Now granted, it was 11am on a Saturday and that is typically peak time for most coffee spots, but I was one of 4 people there.  +2-stars because the waffles are amazing, and -3 stars because the hungover server continuously said, "Oh my God, I am so confused right now."  No lie, maybe 4 times in the 35 minutes I was there...
If you're going to check out Bonté, try and call ahead to phone order your waffles (if you're doing take-out).  However, I called twice and got no answer and expected them to be closed when I arrived... nope, just a confused server.Throughout my life, when confronted with griddle decisions, I've always gone in this order: French toast, then pancakes, then waffles.
Save for a pecan number at The Waffle House, which is in the running for my "last meal on Earth", I don't do it. Bonte, like the WH, gets it right. They're $2.49 banana waffle is stupendous. It's doughy, banana-y, and covered with little sugar-like sprinkles that give you a rush like my fav prog-rockers (aside from ELO). 
The coffee is watery and mediocre, but with WiFi and a good cheap waffle, Bonte holds rank as one of my favorite breakfast-lunch spots in Philadelphia.First the dude behind the counter could have been the star of Super High Me.
While I was sitting here waiting 15 minutes  for my waffle; a "possible" customer walked up to the counter brosiff didn't even acknowledge her. Angry, hungry, and un caffeinated she summarily stormed out after 5 minutes. In Dudes defense he was there by himself his fellow waffle artisan was late. "I guess it's cool cause I was like an hour late last week on her", sayith the Dude. 
On to the waffles they were good, but I was just in New York and had a waffle off a roach coach and it was truly amazing. So I am now jaded. Also as a note when using a yeast dough it needs to proof or rise at room temperature this will keep you waffle light and less dense (tasting doughy and raw in the middle). Putting the toppings on top like NY would have let the center cook properly. Yes it would be harder to eat on the go but quality should never be sacrificed for convince.
Lets talk soap and water this combination can be used to clean things like walls, floors, vents, light fixtures and filthy bathrooms. 
Now there is another substance called paint that can be used to make your restaurant look less like a dirty cave.
Also there are things called tools. When used properly they can be used to reattach light fixtures and other objects that are hanging off walls and ceilings. 
All these things used in concert with each other with a sense of urgency and customer service this place could be great.Visited this place with my brother for a quick study break...it was an hour well spent and I will certainly return.  This was my first time having this type of waffle and I'm hooked! I went with a banana fix-in and two scoops of ice cream...yummy but a little richer than I was in the mood for. I think sticking with the regular sugar waffle or adding fruit would be the perfect treat anytime.  The place was very quite on a sunny Sunday afternoon, but quickly more and more people filtered in.  Cool atmosphere, laid back people and delicious waffles.  My waistline might not want me to return but my heart won't let me stay away.  I'm a fan!I just found out about the free wi fi! Free wi fi, delicious waffle,  a mighty tasty mocha, and on top of that I am yelping on a chlly saturday afternoon as I write this is pretty cool.I don't really understand the "Bonte hype." Other than the amazing smell that hits you when you first walk in, I wasn't to crazy about the place.
The Hot Chocolate was yummy, nothing special. Except the cream on top was fun and festive...
As for the waffles. Am I the only one who isn't thrilled?! Maybe it was just the batch that my friend and I got. But they were hard, and not very appetizing. I guess I was expecting a soft and sweet creation?
Overall, the place is clean and the staff is friendly. But I rather go somewhere else for my beverage and biscuit needs...If you're standing around contemplating whether or not to check it out, you're wasting your time.  Worst case, you'll have the most amazing waffle in your life.  Best case, you'll die cause it's so good and it'll be the last meal you had.  Strawberry or blueberry with chocolate.Waffles here were pretty good!  They did mess up a few of my friend's orders, but I think we just confused them with all the different toppings.My love has only grown since my 2006 review of Bonte.  Bonte introduced me to the chewy LIege-style waffle with sugar pearls, and I loved them.  
Since then, I've moved around the country an dhad Liege-style waffles in other cities, including the famed Wafels & Dinges truck in NYC.  But Bonte remains my favorite.  My only problem is waiting for the freshly baked waffle to cool enough to eat.
I've tried lots of mix-ins (chocolate and/or banana are favorites), but a plain sugar waffle is all I need to make my day.  Add to that the fact that they serve La Colombe coffee, and I'm a happy woman.
Until I can get myself to Belgium, Bonte will be the waffle by which all Liege waffles are judged.  Oh, and if you are lucky enough to live in Philly, they offer decent lunch options as well.This would be my official stop for feeding once I disembarked off the R5 into Center City. Jogging down those few steps to heaven was always something I had looked forward to, especially in the early chill of fall after my 40 minute commute. And it smelled so good before I even opened the door! 
The only treat I would allow myself would be a single warm sugar waffle, which was perfectly done every time. The sugar was my favorite part, and I was one of those who basically licked the napkin for any that escaped the waffle itself. I did once add-in the dark chocolate and that was a little too sweet for my morning meal, but I would dig into this later on in the day (okay, maybe I treated myself twice in a day at times). 
I don't recall there being a long wait, even in the morning when others would get coffee, etc. here, but this back in 2003 or so. Perhaps it has become more popular, which is good because that means it will still be there when I come back to visit. Yes Bonte, I will making a special trip just for you. So be ready.This is another one of those places that I've been walking by obliviously since it opened and that includes the other location too. But when I did a search on waffles in Philly, all of a sudden this place was on the radar. 
I tried a waffle and some vanilla ice cream and it tasted more like a cookie that wasn't done all the way. It was doughy. The guy who made it asked me what I thought and that's what I told him. He recommended that next time I try it after being toasted longer. Eh...
Also, I'll say the waffle was too sweet. There are large bits of sugar already mixed into the waffle dough. You heard me... waffle dough. I like the idea of the place. The location is great and the decor is nice. I'd like to give it another shot without the ice cream and with a thoroughly toasted waffle... even some coffee. Sausage and eggs would really hit the spot, but I know this isn't that kind of place.Came here for a quick take out breakfast while staying at the Palomar oppisite. She said that there was a 20 minute wait for waffles and that they can only make 2 at a time. No big deal, I just bought a crossaint, pain au chocolate, 2 bagles, some tea and OJ. After I paid she said that they had cooked an extra waffle by accident so she let me have that one...for free......sweet! Well it was all very tasty. But the waffle was bloody lovely. I think it has blueberrys in it, some nutty stuff and a bunch of sugar. Man it was good, although free stuff always tastes better :-)Supposedly this place is good.  Instead of a crispy waffle, I got a lump of mush that was kind of crispy at the bottom.  
As for service?  Meh.Wow. Best. Belgian. Waffles. Ever. Cute little cafe as well.  Uploaded a picture so you guys can see how delicious it was. Or you can visit here to see: http://flickr.com/photos/theskinimin/2469812461/Cute little coffee shop nestled in Rittenhouse Square.  Quite cozy!  Aside from coffee, they offer Belgain waffles of many flavors...dark/white chocolate, strawberry, blueberry, banana to name a few.  It's not the fluffy kind of waffles I am use to...it's rather crunchy.  Made fresh while you wait.  It's quite the treat.  They offer free wireless too.  I wish there's one here in the Bay Area!I'm not a huge fan of sweets by any means, but tempted by a buy one get one free coupon I was drawn into Bonte.  As someone who isn't crazy for just any old sweet thing, I wasn't very impressed with this place.  I've had real Belgian waffles before - these are not them.  
As a person who does not ordinarily crave sweet things, I know it's good when even I want to go back for me.  This was not one of those places.Bonte is responsible for my fat ass, but I forgive the Belgians for that.The morning after...
If you had been a fly on the wall (or a fellow patron shoved into this tiny establishment) you would have seen the following:
Me, looking like crap from a late night. And yes, I was that douchebag who kept her sunglasses on, even inside. I was that frightening to look at, so I was actually doing you a favor. So, you're welcome.
My friend, who was also suffering from the same side effects from said late night. She was also on west coast time, so she was particularly tired and grumpy. I think she might have even had a greenish hue to her skin. Like I said, it was a late night. A rough, Philadelphia-style late night.
Loud girl behind the counter who was shrieking and laughing hysterically. Maybe she put a little something extra in her waffles that AM?
Mellow dude behind the counter who was super friendly and attentive. Maybe he put a little something extra in his waffles that morning as well?
Assorted ragtag Rittenhouse customers who were in and out pretty quickly, with the exception of the other laptoppers who were trying, to no avail, to get some work done.
I came here because they have free wi-fi and were next to my friend's hotel. I also thought it might be yummy to feast on some sugary goodness. However, the smell made me want to hurl and I couldn't take the cackling lady that worked there.
I left with my standard post-hangover Diet Coke. I also got a mozzarella sandwich that was too big to cram into my mouth. It was a sad day for me, indeed. Tears, people. Tears.Those little white granules in the waffles? It's not sugar, it's crack. I work on 17th street and when I first started I would go here a couple times a week. Then after I gained about 15 lbs I had to stop. These little waffles are crispy on the outside and soft and doughy on the inside, and you can mix in any combo of fruits, nuts, and chocolate they have. Recommendations: banana & dark chocolate or blueberry and white chocolate. I always get it with coffee, since their coffee delicious too.Uh Bonte waffles are extremely delicious. I'm ashamed that I've only been here twice. It's located next to one of my favorite sandwich places in Rittenhouse (Argan - BIG UPS) and about a block from my office. The first time, I went with my "other boyfriend" Alexandra W. for coffee and a strawberry waffle. Coming in at around $3.00 for a waffle with a filling, their treats cost a little more than a glazed from Dunkin Donuts, but they are a thousand times more delicious. The balls of waffle dough (not batter) are rolled in sugar crystals before they're ironed, and the end product is crisped, the sugar adds crunch, the insides are soft, and the fruit filling adds a little moisture but isn't WET or jellyish. Just delicious. I love their waffles. Their coffee was pretty solid, also and accompanied my new favorite lunch dessert quite well. 
Today I had a banana waffle and I did some light browsing at a few stores along Walnut Street before returning to my desk to eat it, leaving a trail of sweet banana waffle aroma in my path. I could eat these forever. Oh, and they accept credit cards - no minimum! I live for that and it makes me want to go back again and again, knowing that I won't have to trek to the ATM before heading over for a snack. Major bonus points. Five stars, ya'll.I can't say, like some others here, that I've ever had a "true" Belgian waffle, but these do the trick for me. I do happen to have a vicious sweet tooth (so perhaps that helps), or maybe I've just been lucky, but I've enjoyed nothing but slightly crispy waffles with soft sweet fillings. Delicious! I prefer a dark chocolate and strawberry filling, but I have a hard time believing any of the choices would be bad. Service definitely seems to run the gamut, so I wouldn't plan on visiting if you're on a strict schedule. Also, wish their hours were better - most shops stop making waffles a half hour before closing, and few are open late.I literally pass this place every time I walk home from work.  Belgian waffles coated in sugar with La Colombe Coffee.  Seriously, what's not to love?  So today curiosity got the best of me and after ducking out of work a tad early, I decided to pop in to soothe a lackluster day at the office.  The interior is nothing special: typical local coffee house, and around 4:30 it was about a quarter filled.  I opted for a plain waffle and a cappuccino, to dine in.
The waffle was piping hot when it arrived, but for some reason, I didn't quite like it.  It was good: crisp outside, gooey inside, and slightly sweet thanks to the sugar glaze, but I found it to be a little salty and tough to eat.  I also found it weird that while I dined in, I got a real plate and silver for the waffle, but a to go cup for the cappuccino (I would have preferred a real cup).
The staff is pleasant and it's nice that there's free wifi.  However, I'm not sure this is somewhere I'd want to spend an extended amount of time.  Because the store is below street level, there's not a whole lot of natural light.  Still, I'd probably return to try the waffle again with toppings (syrups, fruit, sweets, etc...), maybe when the weather gets colder and I want to hunker down somewhere with free internet and good coffee.Cute idea, but I've never tasted so much sugar in my life.
I was hoping for more doughy waffles, but what you should expect is a sugar-coated (think those large sugar crystals that rest atop your Dunkin Donuts muffins) thin waffle full of chocolate or what have you.
This is definitely a sweet-tooth treat. I would stick with their awesome drinks on a cold winter's day and just relax at a table with your laptop.I LOOOOOOOOOOVE sugar, but I sure did most thoroughly dislike these so-called "Belgian waffles".  It was so disappointing as I was really, really looking forward to indulging in some Belgium waffle-y goodness.
This sucker was so crusty & hard, Boyfriend & I both broke our plastic utensils trying to cut through it!  Not a good thing!
As at least one other Yelper has posted - these are most definitely NOT Belgian waffles.  I've had real Belgian waffles & will never forget the amazingness of each & every bite.  So please, if you're looking for an authentic Belgian do yourself a favor & don't go to Bonte.  Or, if you've already visited & been disappointed by Bonte's waffles don't make the mistake of thinking that's what Belgian waffles are really like.
The wraps/salads/sandwiches looked pretty tasty, however.
While I will never ever make the mistake of going to Bonte for one of their Belgian waffles again, I'm not adverse to going back & trying one of their other lunch items.
If it matters, I had my experience at the Bonte at Walnut & 13th St.Food is excellent-especially the Belgian Waffles. It's not like a regular Belgian Waffles. Cappuccino and Mocha is delicious. Service is not that great but hey, it's a cafe, you don't expect a full service. I always stop by this place whenever I am shopping at Walnut.We passed by this place and almost missed it since it's under ground-level. But I got really excited to see that they specialize in real Belgian waffles and had to stop in. There's not much on the menu and it's a small place, but the waffles were deliciously stuffed with real fruit. Definitely sweet, but it's a belgian waffle, it has to be!! Great with a cup of coffee, and I like black coffee to balance all of that sweetness :)It is often that I dream of having Bonte's awesomelicious waffles(filled with blueberries, please!)) and a cup of capuccino for breakfast. Then I wake up and I realize that it was a dream and perhaps I'll have to take bus to get to it. Trust me, I'm a lazy morning person and I'll do anything to avoid a little detour to do even the most essential tasks in life such as stopping by at the post office to mail away those bills or at the pharmacy to get eye drops for my dehydrated, crusty eyes. BUT every detour and trip to Bonte is always so rewarding because once you step in, it's smells sooooooo fantastic and it'll be any minute now that you'll have those delicious waffles in your hand.
Needless to say, I love Bonte. *drools*
One thing I don't love about Bonte is that the place is so tiny that it fits like 10 people at a time.Goddamn, I wish I had never had their breakfast sandwich. Cheddar cheese, scrambled egg, thick cut turkey bacon on a croissant. I work half a block from this place. Just kill me with calories, why don't you?
I was a tad put off that the sandwiches at Bonte were pre-made, but I found out they're just constructed at their other location in the gayborhood, which made me feel a little better. Wrap that shit in tinfoil and get it warmed up in the panini press. You won't regret it (well, maybe a little).I like waffles to be crisp on the outside, fluffy inside.  this was too dense of a dough, felt undercooked.  Tried the dark chocolate and the strawberry.  Weird homeless people hang out here.   Uncomfortable to eat there.  However, plenty of tables and there's a bathroom.
I think i really just wanted a regular plain waffle with fruit on the side or on top.umm, the waffles are gross. way too sweet with big bits of "rock" sugar (for lack of a better term) and i don't know if the thing is to not clean the griddle, but they should because there was big burned chunks of shit.Today was my first time trying to waffles here at Bonte. They were, as many others have described, amazing! However, as others have also mentioned, I was not impressed at all by the employees. When we walked in, we were not acknowledged in any way. One of the employees was cleaning the iron, but didn't even turn around to say someone would be with us. Another employee came up and took our order, but was very scattered with his thoughts and actions. There were a lot of side conversations going on between the employees. I ordered a cinnamon apple and a strawberry/dark chocolate waffle, and my friend ordered a strawberry waffle. When we got our waffles, we asked for a fork, and were told we couldn't have one because they were trying to encourage people to eat them the traditional way, which was out of the bag. So we sat back down and I'm biting into my waffles, tasting cinnamon, but waiting for the apple filling. It turns out, my friend got the cinnamon apple waffle put into her bag, which was marked strawberry, and I got the other. Although it was very tasty, there weren't really any strawberries in it - maybe a bite or two. The dark choc/strawberry waffle was similar - but even less strawberries. The few bites that were correct were delicious (as were the waffles in general), but I was disappointed, since I did not get what I had ordered. 
What really irritated me when we were leaving, and the place was starting to fill up, we saw several people WITH forks for their waffles. I understand if you don't give people forks by default, so encourage the traditional way to eat them, but I do think its a bit rude to HAVE forks but to refuse them when someone asks for one. 
Would I go again? Probably. But I'll probably try my luck at the other location to see if the employees are a bit more attentive to the customers, instead of themselves.Actually, I ate at the 922 Walnut location.  It was BUSY, and we had a bit of a wait for our waffles.  But they were delicious.  We got one with blueberries and one plain. We ate them on the go, but I'll be back to try some more.I was actually disappointed by this place. The people working here were either clueless or indifferent. Or, perhaps, both. Either way, I'm sure they were high. Which is fine. I mean, I don't care... smoke a blunt, scrape a bowl, shit, do a fucking gravity bong hit, it makes no difference to me. Just do your job.
As it was the waffles were good, but not great, and certainly not as good as the ones I had in Brussels. Also, they ran out of plates. Yeah... PLATES. The place barely holds 20 people and they ran out of plates? That was sort of an issue for my friend who wanted his waffle with ice cream.
I'd probably go here again but with lowered expecations.Super tasty pecan waffles. And they're very nicely portioned. Not the overwhelming american super size. The more sweet adorable side dish size.All waffles.  ALL WAFFLES!  I freaking love waffles!
I ended up here while wandering Rittenhouse Square one Sunday before catching my flight back south.  I had just finished a disgusting lunch that I hardly ate and needed a new taste and a coffee to revitalize my spirit.
It's a super tiny place, and not super fancy or anything.  But who needs that.  I was here to slam a waffle, damn it!
They make the waffle right then and there however you want it.  You can add stuff or take it straight up.  I left my straight up and am glad I did.  The sugar was intense,and I possibly could have done without it, but regardless it was still delicious.  So crispy and gooey at the same time.  Man I want this right now.  Coffee was eh but I won't downgrade a star based on coffee alone.  Price was SUPERB.
Whenever I get around to fulfilling my dream of moving to Philadelphia, I will frequent the hell out of this place.I really liked this place the first time I went. My waffle and ice cream were just perfect. I found the guy and girl who were working there at the time efficient and friendly. These days, I never see those two anymore, and ever since, my experiences at Bonté have just been awful. I know that waffles take a while to cook, but the people who have been preparing them lately have taken too long. How do I know? Well, based on the semi-burnt waffles I've received, the lack of attention and efficiency is pretty obvious. How about when the workers start chatting with their friends who stop by to visit? They really stop paying attention then, to the point where they once burned the waffles they were preparing for me and my friend. They had to redo our orders, of course, but my friend and I didn't want to spend more time there than necessary. I'm just sick of their slacked service. I've actually experienced more efficiency at the location on 9th street, so I guess I'll make the trip there when I really want a waffle. Also, I don't appreciate not having my card or change handed back to me. I know Bonté is all about the Belgian/European "experience", but we're in America, and it's common courtesy to hand back someone's card/change no matter what.The Waffles here rock.  They are like no other Waffles I've ever had....they are all Sugary Sweet and delicious.  They offer fruit and stuff to put on top, but its not totally necessary.  Plus they were out of Bananas when I was there.  I got Pecans though, they were a tasty choice.  I used a plastic knife and fork for my waffle, but beware, this waffle is kinda hard and crispy and I accidentally broke one of my fork prongs off and chewed it and nearly swallowed it.  Luckily I didn't or I might have sued Bonte and put them out of business and then they would have had to close...but then I wouldn't be able to Yelp them.  Anyways, that was my bad, I should've just picked it up and ate it by hand.
The Apple Cider was also really delicious.  I dig this place.... The sandwiches also looked pretty incredible, but you go to Bonte for the Waffles.   Oh well maybe next time.  There, now I reviewed this place before the person I went with got to it!first off, lemme apologize for the photo. i forgot to take a pic of the "before" belgian waffle that i had ordered. so the pic i took shows the "after" belgian waffle, which shows an empty plate.
this morning, i wanted eggs and bacon and all that is greasy. walked to mugshots to find it too crowded, then sabrina's, line was around the building, then walking around, i could smell the sugar of these waffles wafting in this dirty city's air.
i got the belgian waffle with strawberries and dark chocolate. it was very very sweet. apparently, this jawn makes true belgian waffles. they put the fruit into the batter and then into a special metal belgian waffle gadget. and voila! it is like a pricey pop tart. it tastes ok and i did finish it, look at my photo. but, i was really hungry. 
the coffee was good. but, it is hard to mess up coffee. the staff was nice, but i did notice one of them giving attitude to another customer. in all fairness, the customer was not pleasant.
i ate my belgian waffle and drank my coffee. i felt like i was eating dessert and i hadn't had the luxury of a nice greasy meal. this place is cozy and could be cute, but it comes off as a bit cold here. also, i felt a bit smushed due to the low ceilings.
next time i have the urge to seek bacon, i will listen.  you can't go wrong with bacon. you can go wrong at bonte.