I visited recently with my boyfriend.  The service was friendly and helpful, and the beer selection was good.  However the food was not at all good and ruined our experience.
We ordered the pork belly tacos, the sweet chili wings, and the roasted Brussels sprouts.
The pork belly tacos were awful.  The pork belly was sliced so paper-thin that I couldn't even tell that it was pork belly, which is almost a sacrilegious treatment of this cut of meat.  The layer of fat, as far as we could tell from the tiny slices, was totally missing, so it may actually have been another cut of meat altogether trying desperately to pass as pork belly.  There was an incredibly tiny amount of pork in the tacos, perhaps one thin slice per taco.  The balance was odd; there were very few leaves of fresh herbs, and the vermicelli really didn't add much to the texture of the taco.  It was just limp and soggy and sad.
The Brussels sprouts were also soggy and sad.  It was clear that they had been piled in a roasting pan rather than placed in a single layer on a baking sheet; instead of having a wonderful crispy and gooey texture, they were just wet.  This dish doesn't require much, if any, skill; I easily could've made far better Brussels sprouts at home.
The sweet chili wings were sickeningly sweet... without the heat of the chili.  Moreover, the skin wasn't crispy either, but, instead, it had a gelatinous texture.
Overall, it was exceptionally disappointing.  We won't be back.love the european selection
love the prices
when i visit my friend in fishtown its hard not to stop in here and pick up two or three bottles on the way home.I don't usually write reviews so you know this place is great! It's easy to find a beer you'll enjoy. I'm here now and the bartender, Andy, is doing a great job although he is working the bar on his own. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich, mac n cheese, and Viet pork tacos. I'm not really a fan of the pork tacos cuz it tasted nothing like grandma's pork, but the sandwich and mac was great!Bottle Bar is a great place. Don't let the bottle shop atmosphere fool you. The food is top notch. The beer selection (tap and bottle) are amazing, and the prices are on par or better than similar shops in Philly.
They have a great spin on the Cuban Sandwich that I highly recommend.Bottle Bar is my go to spot when I hear about a beer I should try.  Their selection is amazing. You can buy an individual bottle and drink it at the bar.  It takes away the commitment of buying a 60$ case of beer and not liking it.  Their draft selection is great, too.  They play old school.hip.hop a lot, too.   Go here for beerSuper good. BBQ Pork Grilled Cheese was delicious! Good atmosphere, great beer selection. Excellent overall.Tried the chicken sandwich and unfortunately, it was so gross! The chicken didn't seem at all like real chicken, it was a boneless filet thing that was stringy and tough. Also tried the brussel sprouts - the food here just isn't good. But they do have beer!Beer selection (obviously) always impressive. Food is also delicious!
I was in about a month ago and had some of the best service I've had in Philadelphia. Our server (wish I remembered her name, but I remembered her vibrant red hair and great nails) was attentive, friendly, and helped us decide between food menu items and beer. Because of her service alone, I will definitely be back!a fantastic bottle shop with a great bar that cranks out some serious eats... can you beat that?Great place with incredible beer selection. I have found that they offer a better selection than the Foodery (and I believe, better prices). In the rear of BBE, they have a great little bar with a little food menu and a good list of taps.  One thing to be aware of is that this place has only one bathroom and it is upstairs. I can imagine that on a busy night that may be an inconvenience and an adventure (maybe!).I have heard a lot of good things about this place but being that I'm not much of a beer drinker, I wasn't exactly clamoring to try it out. Last night, this was the last stop on the line for a group of us, all whom except for me, were big beer drinkers. I was down, though!
Walking in, it appeared like a beer convenience store with the bar to the back. My husband advised me to pick something from the cooler and wow, what a selection! There literally seemed to be something for everyone, including me! I am a fan of Rekorderlig cider and saw that I hadn't tried any of the 3 flavors they had. I opted for the strawberry-lime can which was $5. You bring it to the bartender who will open it and ring you up from behind the bar. 
In addition to what you pick from the cooler, you can order drinks from the bar. Our group all had different things but at the end of the night, my husband decided to try the 15% abv beer ($12 for 8 oz). He and I both actually liked it! It reminded us of a non-alcoholic malt beverage popular in the Hispanic culture called malta. 
The vibe here was super cool and I'd like to come back.....for that 15% abv beer. *insert evil laugh*Terrible prices here - i get its a bottle shop but when you are paying $17.50.... yes $17.50 for a 6 pack of Yards (whose brewery is .5 miles away) it is kind of a joke. I asked the manager about the prices and he said that was actually the discounted price because i bought a whole 6 pack! $17.50 is the discount!!!???? Come on, get it together bottle barWent here around 7 on a Saturday night for dinner with the bf and lucked up on a couple seats at the bar. Unfortunately, the position at the bar was near a corner and waitresses station so people were squeezing in to order on the left of us and the servers were picking up things on the the right, but hey a couple of bumps are to be expected at a bar. Bartender got us water immediately and menus after asking for them. The menu was surprisingly healthy and not typical bar food. We had the glazed salmon tacos, zucchini fries, and a grilled chicken salad with herbed goat cheese, roasted peppers and white truffle dressing. It took our food about 20 minutes to come out, which wasn't too bad of a wait.  I found the salmon to be a bit dry but texture was good, flavor was okay but could have been a little bolder. The zucchini fries were cut too thickly for my liking (think of a potato wedge but zucchini) but the house made ranch dressing it was served with was delicious. The salad was pretty tasty however the chicken in the salad was under-seasoned, combined with everything else though it was barely noticeable. They're known for their beer selection which I didn't try so I'll definitely have to go back to try some out.Wow, Very impressed! I have been wanting to check this place out for a while, and finally got the opportunity. A buddy lives within walking distance, so we decided to pop in and check it out. they have an AMAZING selection of beers by the bottle, wayyyy too many to count. the prices are also perffect, not inflated bar prices. You grab your bottle of beer frm the cooler and the server opens it for you, and it's added to your bill. They also have a few craft beers on tap and mixed drinks. We opted to grab a few appetizers. First was the short rib flatbread. It was okay, but the flatbread was way too crispy for my liking. I did like the flavors in the short ribs and it worked well with the sweet addition of the balsamic reduction. Next we had the chorizo and beef sliders. They were good as well. The last thing we ordered was the cuban sandwich, that we all split. It was good, but the meat was overcooked and the whole thing a bit dry. Now the flavors were very good, just a bit overdone. The service was impeccable and the vibe was super chill. I'm excited to go back as there' sa gajillion beers there I need to try.Awesome atmosphere, food, and beer selection. The staff is competent and helpful. Great place to go and read a book while eating a deviled egg and drinking world class beer. 
The prices are steep for the top shelf items, but they have a comprehensive selection of shitty dad beers for super cheap if you're on a budget, or just can't get enough Lion's Head for some reason.This place is on the money.  The bartender, Stefany, is great and the owner, Brad, seems like a nice guy.  I'm looking forward to going back and throwing a few tasty beers back!  Nice addition to the neighborhood!Yummy beer selection. Staff know their stuff. Love it. And beignets! What's not to like.Great lil spot!!  
Must try the venison sliders!
Will definately be back soon to catch a game on Sunday.
Love itLove this shop. It looks small from the front but goes farrrr back into a full blown restaurant. 
I usually come here to oogle the bottle selection ($$$) which is large. The store clerks are usually pretty helpful and are great at navigating the large collection. They have always made a good recommendation. I have bought bottles here before but now I try to stick to buying in New Jersey and Delaware when I am in town.
They have a great tap selection but I have never ordered a beer here (I was tempted to this past weekend though). I need to make an effort to grab a beer and food here sometime cause it does look good.Went here for office quizzo. Questions were way too easy until the tiebreaker and then had nothing to do with the office series. The guy running it thinks he knows about the office, but when he pronounced our team name he misquoted the show and said "okay afterbirth" not a true office fan and was too lazy to come up with good questions. This was just a ploy to get people to drink at their bar. The service was great though. Thanks monica!this place is awesome.  my husband and friends went here after his band played a show one night around the corner at the kung fu necktie.  it didn't seem like there was many good places to get food late at night around this neighborhood, but this place was a great surprise!  excellent food and beer selection.  I had pineapple pork tacos and a blueberry beer.  great bar with great food! highly recommended!  one thing; it is a small place, so it might not be best for a group of people unless you don't mind being crowded.I had to update my review.. I mean it was five stars before but we just found out they had brunch last week and IT WAS SO GOOOOOD. I got the Chorizio Bennys-- DELICIOUS. Husband got hangover tacos.. also delicious. Complimentary mimosas. This will be my brunch place!
Oh and probably best selection of the beer in the area!I am currently here and l'm typing this!!!! Let's get this straight from the very beginning....This place is super amazingly outrageously dope!!!!! Where else can you get great food thats made with beer but you have a personal choice of over 700 different beers. YES 700 DIFFERENT BEERS. 
Today my friend & I had the Angus & Andouille Sausage Sliders...Lamb Loin Chops but the star of them all was the Cajun Gumbo. MANNNNN LISTEN THIS SH*T RIGHT HERE IS AMAZING. We would have taken pics of it all but the food was so great we didn't have time. 
If you ever want a nice chill kickback Saturday turn down day then visit THE BOTTLE BAR EAST to fulfill all of your alcholic & foodie senses.  BTW ask for HEATHER SHE'S AMAZING, PERSONABLE & KNOWLEDGEABLE....4 thumbs up ( that's from the both of us)I went here for the first time with my friends while bar hopping and really liked the atmosphere. The beer selection is pretty amazing, and compared to other bars in the area that are packed beyond belief on a Friday night this place was busy, but not too loud to have a conversation or crazy to get service. I definitely want to go back and try some of the food, which sounds really good.One of my favorite places in the neighborhood. The staff is always friendly, there is an amazing beer selection, and it is one of the few bars that has Wi-Fi. The staff is also very friendly as well.Despite having a decent beer selection at reasonable prices and a small but tasty menu, I avoid this bar based on poor service. If you get up to  use the restroom or go out for a cigarette, too bad if you're only halfway done your drink because the bartender will unapologetically dump it out and charge you for another. They don't announce last call, just let you order right up until 1:59am then BAM run your credit card and insist you leave immediately. Last night, a drunken friend of the staff was behind the bar screaming at the patrons to "get the hell out unless you work here" while I was politely (and quickly) finishing my drink and waiting for my friend to come out of the restroom. Trust me, I know how annoying it is when customers sip on their drinks and seem to linger on forever after closing just chatting away with no regard... But this was at 2:02! We had barely finished signing our check. Do yourself a favor and skip the rude staff ... I'll definitely be sticking to take-out only here from now on.**angles singing!!!** This place is my beer and bar food heaven in Fishtown. Confession: I may have moved to the neighborhood mostly for Bottle Bar. Not only can I get all of my favorite beers under the sun, and can also get SUPER delicious and consistent food and awesome times of the day. The deals are always super generous and the staff is phenom.This is my go to spot in the neighborhood to just hang out and relax. During Happy Hour, all drafts are half price and their selection is always great and constantly rotating. The food is also very good, considering the minuscule kitchen that pumps it out.Ok, Im done. I went back once more to pick up a few bottles. I maybe expected a "Need any help" as I stared looking at the selection, but the cashier was busy on his phone. 
So, I found the beers I wanted and went to check out. Guy was still on his phone. Maybe he didnt see me? So I put my bottles on the counter......still nothing. He knew I was standing there. He wasnt even finishing up a text message. He was writing a whole damn story. So I waited....and waited....and waited some more. He finally looked up and started to cash me out.
The CC receipt printed out with a field for a tip. I left it blank. He looked at it and said "heh, thanks. Really appreciate it".  
Foodery is only a few blocks away. I'll continue to go there.Love this place. Great beer selection. The food is a hidden gem. One of the best grilled cheese sandwiches i've had in the city.YES!!!!!!! THIS IS EACTLY WHAT FISHTOWN NEEDED!!!!!!!!!! the beer selection is insane and you can mix your own six pack and take it home OR you can drink any of the beers from the cooler at the bar!!!!!!!! great chill place to hang, nice lounge upstairs with darts and foosball. staff is extremely friendly and helpful. love.Came here to watch the flyers game. Had the andouille sausage sliders. They were delicious! And my friend had the potato skin apps that were phenomenal. Definitely recommend. Also really cool fridges with TONS of different beers. Great selection you can pick from any or grab a draft. Really coolBoth the food and the staff was fantastic. They have an extensive beer selection and the gentleman at the counter was very helpful in recommending a few new beers for us. I ordered the gator po-boy grilled cheese and my girlfriend ordered the hangover tacos. The tacos had a nice spice to then and the grilled cheese was out of this world. I didn't know this was voted best bar in Philly. We just happened to be in the area to visit La Columbe to get some coffee (which they serve here and is very smooth).I love this place. They have a great beer selection with reasonable prices. All of the food I have tried has been very good. 
Last night, I went for the Eagles game with a group of 12 or so. Our server (Jeremy) was excellent. He was very kind and our drinks were always full! We had a great time.I always liked Bottle Bar East for picking up a six pack HOWEVER last night I learned that there's actually a bar and upstairs to sit down and eat/drink. 
The draft selection is fantastic and the rotating food specials looked amazing. Our waitress was on point all night with great beer suggestions. The upstairs also has Foosball and a dart board. We went on a Saturday night and while it was busy, we didn't have any problem getting a table upstairs.huge bottle selection with an awesome food menu and draft selection. The buffalo chicken deviled eggs are incredible!This place is awesome. So unassuming but unapologetically perfect. I will usually get one of the specials everyone. Always something interesting and well prepared. I have eaten here 6-7 times. Every time I have loved it. They also have awesome specials. For lunch you can get any of there former sandwiches plus a draft craft for 10 bucks.
Moral of the story Go to Bottle Bar East.Stopped in for Friday lunch, had the special where anything on the menu and a pint costs just $12. Pretty good considering most of the pints are $5-7 by themselves with $10-$15 menu items. A good amount of draft options and the "$4 philly special" which is a pbr/rolling rock/bud light and a shot of well whiskey. Food is really good too had the pork pineapple tacos. Can also put together a 6 pack of hand selected brews on your way out back to the house! All in all, pretty fairly priced for the Fishtown area...I like this bar a lot. Came here during a beer festival down in Fishtown. We sat upstairs, had a few beers. If I remember correctly, I had a grilled cheese sandwich and I enjoyed the hell out of it. They have vast collection of beers here! So much to choose from. You can make your own 6 pack or you can drink your choices there. I'd go back.I'm trying to think of an appropriate way to describe my feelings about Bottle Bar without sounding nutty. But, well...It's like this: I LOVE Bottle Bar. 
Like, a lot. Like, if I'm in Fishtown, I stop in without fail. But also, I'm not in Fishtown that often so that's overall a general positive for my liver, wallet and refrigerator space.
Their selection is immense and overwhelming. I always feel like I'm in a hoppy library when I visit. And let's not forget their bar section in the back. You're sure to find something fantastic pouring at any given time.
That's basically all I have to say. Will be back.
[OH HEY, REVIEW 700!]Love this place.  Terrific,  fresh, inventive food in casual,  cool setting. Reasonable  prices. Great service.  We'll definitely be back.As shops and restaurants seem to be trickling northwards along Frankford ave, here comes what a lot of people have been calling the "new Foodery." Now, I wouldn't agree that it's exactly that - Bottle Bar East a pretty decent bar with a pretty decent bottle shop attached, the likes of which we haven't yet had up this way. The two businesses are not really so comparable - while the Foodery has an expansive beer selection, BBE has a more restricted selection with somewhat more reasonable prices. The Foodery is more of a fancy self-serve beer cafeteria with a little deli and limited seating (and a lovely fake wedding venue, but that's another story), while BBE offers table service and dim lighting that makes getting drunk seem more normal. Both do seem to have very personable staff.
The bar area is somewhat overwhelmed by a large tv blaring sports down upon artisinal-sounding sandwiches with fancily presented soups, while the small but well-curated bottle selection sits darkly up front to spearhead the little identity crisis. Sports bar and/or craft brew miniature sort-of-gastropub? Seems to be working, though, since this is exactly where the diehard everything-hating hipster kingdom seems to be starting to meld with the weird commercial northern liberties trust fund migration. Hello, popped collar weyerbacher dudes.
So it's a little odd. But I like it enough and certainly appreciate that there's finally a place north of Girard to pick up a couple bottles of something other than miller lite and maybe stop for happy hour now and again.Myself, my husband and 3 others went to Bottle Bar on Oct 1st for dinner.  The food is very good there and the portions are generous.  We ordered the cheese curds and fried pickles for appetizers - wow they were yummy!  The wait staff are really helpful and friendly.  The manager Heather even came over to chat with us to see how we were doing.  We have been here several times, and enjoy bringing new people with us to experience Bottle Bar.  Can't wait to go back ! It's a cool, relaxed place to hang out.So many beers! For a city where buying beer is not easy, this place makes up for it. So many to choose from and you can drink or there or take it to go. The food isn't bad either. The atmosphere is friendly and local and you are likely to make a new friend. Ask any beer question you have, I dare you to ask them, they will probably know the answer.Great spot, especially if you are a fan of craft beers.  Menu has so many good items it was hard to chose.   We started with truffle fries which are fries with beer braised chicken, red peppers, chive cheese sauce, and truffle oil.  My entree was a special for the night, soft shell crab tacos which I loved.  My son got the Hankwich sandwhich - filet mignon, fries, cheese sauce, carmelized onions, wild mushrooms, scallions and truffle oil.  If you are in the neighborhood or looking for some good beer and food, come check out this spot.Best beer selection, delish food and awesome art :) can never go wrong with that combo!The Foodery has had a stranglehold on the NoLibs/Fishtown bottle scene until now. Great selection at Bottle Bar East, and the prices seem to be on par with The Foodery. The big difference is BBE also functions as a pretty sweet bar, with unique mixed drinks (a Cinnamon Toast Crunch cocktail? Yes please.) and hot food made to order.They have a great rotating beer selection and their food is awesome. Their general tso cauliflower tacos are freaking amazing. I love meat and I still order them like half the time I'm there. I also stop in there to pick up 6-packs occasionally. They're a bit expensive, but I'm there for the convenience. 
My only critique is that their specialty cocktails are consistently bad to a baffling degree. I've tried to order a cocktail there on three different occasions and they were unbearably sweet every time. Finally the fourth time I asked the bartender if any of their cocktails weren't sweet and it turns out that ALL of their winter cocktails were on the sweet side. I don't get it, you have like 9 speciality cocktails at any given time, how can all of them taste like someone dissolved cotton candy in everclear? Either come up with a list of decent cocktails or don't bother having a list at all.After what felt like the longest winter known to man, the sun was finally shining and Philly was blessed with a gorgeous Saturday afternoon in the mid-80s. Problem was, everywhere with outdoor seating in Fishtown was SLAMMED with 1 hour+ waits. Luckily for us, we were able to snag a table outside at Bottle Bar, and I'm so happy we did.
Really awesome that you're greeted with an insane bottle selection - shop up front, bar and restaurant in the middle, cute outdoor patio seating out back. Our server told us we could order drafts from the bar or go back inside to the beer coolers and pick anything we want and he'd pour it in a glass. Pretty dope.  Draft selection was equally as impressive and expansive, but I need visuals, so I opted for the bottles to judge a book by its cover and select based on label.
So happy they had Kurant cider - I was able to try the "Earth" one which was super dry and right up my alley.
The 4 of us all ordered food and were thoroughly impressed. Three of the "just a great burger" (I think that's the name), one chicken cheesesteeak and a hummus appetizer.
The burger WAS great, per the name. Big and meaty, cooked a perfect medium , seasoned well, and topped with a delicious cheese blend, tomato jam, homemade bread and butter pickles, and crispy bacon. The brioche bun held up nicely (this is crucial).  Fries were on point and aplenty - salty and crunchy. Not one soggy fry. Amazing. Haven't had a burger this good in a long while.
Hummus was also really good, garlicky and smooth, and came with cauliflower, carrots, celery and these tasty and crispy (yet soft) crostinis for dipping.
Our server was really friendly.  Prices were reasonable for what you're getting. Overall, you really can't beat that great bottle selection and scrumptious gastropub fare.Me oh my! After two friends recommended this place (less than a week apart) I knew I had to stop by! 
The food is phenomenal. I would classify it more as a comfort food spot and the truffle fries are   TO DIE FOR! My friend ordered the tacos and she wasn't that fond of her dish but everyone else got grilled cheeses and were floating on cloud 9. 
Ofcourse the beer selection is where the real moneys at. They got everything you can think of (and for all wallet sizes)...you can also take them to go! In terms of service it started off a little shaky, but that may have been because we were all starving and just wanted to order already! By the end of our meals we were all very content and happy!Helpful staff.  Answered all my dumb questions about refilling growlers, local driving customs, and even beer.  Checker and waiter even provided good tips for driving to/from NYC.  If they hadn't tried it, we were given tastes.  We enjoyed the peppadews and brussel sprouts as small bites.  Great selections of beer/ciders.  The hardest part was compromising with the man.  I always want the weird ones: chocolate peanut butter must be an option for 2 different manufacturers for a reason, but the man likes the tried and trues or at least the same profiles we know we love.  I loved having the cigar city cider (didn't like the overly dry Pennsylvania option) plus a shot of fireball.  Yum!  Wish I was hungrier because most of the foo looked amazing and what we got was great.I had previously had reservations about Bottle Bar East, but mostly held them to myself. Their Brussels sprouts are average at best, and I felt Brussels sprouts are not an adequate starting point for a review, so I tried to be open minded,
A friend of mine and I stopped by today and enjoyed a few drinks. We were eating, and on accident one of the bartenders knocked a glass over, breaking the glass and spilling water everywhere, namely all over me. It was clearly an accident and he apologized and moved on. However, as we were getting ready to leave, I sliced my thumb open on a piece of glass. I got a bandaid from one of the bartenders, but it still really hurt so I went to the restroom and pulled a small shard of glass from my thumb. As I was walking out of the restroom I asked another guy that works there for a bandaid, and he checked with a couple people working in the kitchen, and then told me they didn't have any bandaids. I asked if he was sure, because I just had a bandaid, and he got really rude. He asked if I actually expected him to check with every single employee to find a bandaid for me. I tried to reason with him, and explain that I wasn't asking for a free drink or anything like that, and I know that no one intentionally cut me, but that the least they could do was get another bandaid. He said that because it was an accident he wasn't really sure what my problem was.
If you're going to Bottle Bar East, Frank, the bartender is a nice guy, their grilled cheese is pretty good, and make sure you bring your own first aid kit.I go here for the great happy hour, varied selection of draft beer and friendly staff. Everyone there is great but if you can, ask for Charlotte, she's the best!The front of the building looks like your average liquor store. You might walk by if you didn't know what was inside.  A ridiculously extensive bottled beer selection and a darn good tap selection as well.  The night I was there an Eagles game played on the big screen over the bar and immediately following the game the DJ took over. 
Our waiter was helpful with the menu and his descriptions of items and pairing recommendations even caused an up sell or 2.  The pork and pineapple tacos were simple but full of flavor. Three come in an order but I easily could have eaten several more. The Cheesus Christ Superstar with brisket was an amped-up version of an old classic, gooey and comforting.  A carafe of water was brought to the table (definitely did NOT taste like Philly water) and it was refilled as needed.  
Upstairs is a small area with a foosball table and a restroom. Be careful- the lock in the upstairs bathroom is tricky. The person before me, myself and later in the evening my husband all had trouble with the lock and briefly were stuck inside.The staff is very friendly and knowledgable about all the beer they stock.  Great tap list too.So you're health conscious now and abstaining from drinking and smoking. Eventually though, you will break, and find yourself at Bottle Bar East. 
"How did I get here? This isn't my beautiful life."
No it isn't, and now you're paying extra for convenient vices. Just remember don't make eye contact. Don't show those hazy, schedule 1 eyes. Give the nice man $30 for your six-pack and smokes. OK, now back away slowly and slink out the door.
Oh and the Cheesus Christ grilled cheese is to die for... your sins.SO MANY OPTIONS!! Between the bottles and drafts, they have almost every beer you could think of! Great spot to grab a brew with pals.The take out beer selection is excellent, and the 15% discount for mix-a-six is a nice perk.
Takes credit, helpful staff.
I have never eaten or drank here, and probably never will.  The excellence of the take out beer selection negates the need for an on-site bar entirely.Cool concept, basically they have a bunch of refrigerators with everything from craft beer to ciders to PBR. It is pretty much self serve. You just grab the beer you want and the waitress will open it for you. They have a huge TV that's great for watching games. Small upstairs seating as well. They do serve good food too. It's a cool place to have a couple beers, probably not a place you would spend all night.i live across the street from here and even though I don't drink, I had lunch there today.  The cabbage black bean soup I had was very good, well seasoned, fresh and delicious.  I had a turkey sandwich and their turkey sandwich is FRESH, not processed turkey and all the ingredients are Pennsylvania made and the bread was excellent.  The sandwich was outstanding, both tasty and fresh.Great place - staff is awesome, nice selection and make sure to try the deviled eggs!This is the heaven of beer stores, Philadelphia in general knows how to drink good beer.  You could go into this spot blindfolded and grab any beer, and you wouldn't be disappointed.  The menu seemed interesting and there is foosball and darts.  I would highly recommend stopping by either for food and a drink or to pick up some beer on the way to a gathering.BBE has an awesome selection and is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  Since we're in PA, we just have to accept that we're going to get slammed on a six-pack price, which is unfortunate.  Where BBE really shines is that you can take that beer back to the bar and drink it there.  For takeout, $4 a bottle is pretty expensive ($24 six-pack?).  For drinking in?  A huge deal (Only $24 for 6 beers!?! Yay!).  They also have draft beer which is priced right at happy hour, but probably $1 too much otherwise (Seriously, $4 Kenzingers?  In Fishtown?)  A bonus is the fooseball table upstairs (I will dominate you any time, buddy, you just tell me when!)  
I haven't had the food, but the cheese is good and priced right.  They also give you enough toast points, which is annoying elsewhere when you get a big chunk o' fermented love and they give you two little burnt shreds of bread and expect you to beg and/or pay for extra.  My wife loves the pickles and my buddy always gets one of the soups.
I find myself there often, so that says what you need to know.Went for quizzo yesterday.....advertised "Food and Drink Specials" - was told "we don't have any specials"  and most important !! If you have quizzo make sure you can see everyone ... hate to lose to the people upstairs who googled every answer. ?The shepherds pie grilled cheese was phenomenal. The beer selection is incredible, I found a beer that I've been seeking from Tampa bay, Florida! Highly recommendI frequent BBE regularly as my office (Exit Benchmark Realty) is walking distance from this watering hole. Often its a random lunch & brew or a planned stop for their food which is awesome for a bar of its type. Personally, I have tried the entire menu & haven't had a single complaint. 
Needless to say, their bottled beer selections are insane housing beer from brewerys East & West. Taps, are filled with a pleasant surprise every visit as well. All in all, good location, great food, and pleasant bartenders (Taylor, Frank & Heather) as well. Stop by they won't disappoint. A+Nice little spot. I met up with some local friends upon their recommendation as they have a great beer selection and a full kitchen. 
The beer selection was very good and reasonably priced. A full 5th star was earned by pouring an IPA I chose into my FAVORITE glass (Samuel Smith pint)! 
We visited on a Sunday so had to try out the grilled cheese as it was half price. Not a bad choice in the slightest!
We didn't buy any beer to go, but the drafts, cans/bottles and food were great. I'd recommend this spot to any beer enthusiast who happens to be looking for a good bar with quality offerings.The good, the bad, and the.... smelly?
Here's the deal. Bottle Bar East is mostly great. Seriously- draft list, atmosphere, artwork, and obviously the bottle selection. The food is hit or miss- mac and cheese was good. I had steak one night that came with potatoes and string beans. The steak was cooked perfectly, but the potatoes were way undercooked. No big deal really, but I probably wouldn't return for the food alone.
Now, the only downfall to Bottle Bar East is the smell... it smells like old kitchen grease. I know the kitchen is open concept, but it's overpowering- you can smell it the moment you walk in the front door. I wouldn't have as big of a problem with this, but when I went to put on my jacket the next day, it smelled like kitchen grease! I don't know if they need to change the oil in their fryer, or get a huge fan back there... but something needs to give. I don't think I'll be hanging out here for extended periods of time because the smell of old grease isn't very appealing.This place is great for takeout beer. Soo many fun options and prices are not unreasonable. However, I was just there for food and drinks the other evening, and found the whole experience to be underwhelming. The back patio is cool and feels like a back patio of a jersey shore bar (rocks and picnic tables) if that's what you're into. But the service was clearly uncommunicative with each other, awkward about getting and serving beer, and the food was seriously sub par. We ordered fries, Brussels sprouts, and wings. The fries were alright, if a bit soggy. The Brussels sprouts tasted very chemically. Almost as if there was some kind of cleaning product or chlorine in them- we each tried these and then left them mostly untouched because this really threw us off. Finally, the wings were just chewy and lukewarm. All in all we wish we hadn't spent money on the food or the service, but just taken out some beers (which, again, excellent selection and worth coming for!).Mediocre food, overpriced. Of the two times I went, I had one good server and one really poor one who then put me and my friends all on one check and charged us gratuity she knew she didn't deserve. I speak as a former server. Buy the beer and don't stay to eat.I'm loving the concept here! The front half of the establishment looks like a bottle store...and I guess it pretty much is.  I saw a few people come in to mix a six and leave. The latter half is a super cool bar with live music, tasty food and a lovely draft list.  But the real magic happens when the two entities join forces.  You can bring one of countless bottles of craft beer to the back of the bar and enjoy it in the bar ambiance. 
Bottle Bar has a nice menu as well.  I had a grilled cheese with apple butter which was the perfect accompaniment to my craft brews. Bottle Bar was a great time and I will certainly be back.Great beer selection. Horrible service. Thought everyone was bothered that we were even there and annoyed that we even asked for anything (ie a menu, or food) . Eye rolling included. Very rude and not costumer service oriented.After a long week at work, I decided to toss on my backpack and walk over to Bottle Bar East to see how it was. I came in with 5 minutes left on happy hour, so it's like things were preordained. $2.75 for a pint of Stouds APA ain't too shabby in my book.
The tomato and cheese bar pizza was pretty good. Could have used a touch more cheese, but that's just me. Crust was crispy and tasty though, and fresh basil on top is never amiss. I sat at the bar, and service was quick and helpful.
Atmosphere wise, it was what you'd expect-an eclectic mix of the younger crowd sporting plenty of scruffy faces, skinny clothes, and tattoos. 
While the selection wasn't as massive as The Foodery, it was still quite good with bottles I'd not seen anywhere else. I came home with 4 bombers, and a full stomach.I've been waiting for something like The Foodery to pop up in my 'hood.
Bottle Bar offers a plethora of take out beer options (everything from PBR to the loveliest of craft beers). You can also buy any of their beers and drink it right then and there (just take it to the bartender and she'll open it and ring it up for you). They have a full bar, too, if you want to have a cocktail. Bottle Bar does make food, but I haven't had a chance to try it yet.
While Bottle Bar has a general friendly vibe to it, there is a bit of  a hollow feeling that I attribute to the actual building itself. Otherwise, the staff are helpful and assist you in finding some great new beers. There's also a foosball table upstairs if you want to do that.
AND THEY TAKE CARDS THANK YOU SWEET BABY JESUS.
While Bottle Bar might not necessarily blow you away as a bar/restaurant, this is definitely what Fishtown needs in the takeout beer arena....Not easy to find a great bottle shop anymore in this town; but Foodery is still king. Bottle Bar East has some good bottles, nothing too exotic or hard to find. Most other run-of-the-mill craft bottle shops will have the same stuff. But this is good addition to the neighborhood. Taplist is OK, but I like how happy hour is divided (6-7, 10-11). Half off drafts is great, too.If you're in a rush and need a variety of hip brews to bring to that banger at your bro's, this place is for you. They have a variety of cider's for your GFAF friends (gluten free as efff) IPA's for your hipster homies, and the basic beers for all the other white girls that you can grab in a "Mix 6" format, but it's gonna cost you a pretty penny. But let's be honest, I'm willing to pay some good money for a selection that's ready to drink, cold out the fridge. 
If you find yourself farther than the front door, their kitchen is open until 1am and their tacos are BANGING. The Vietnamese Pork Belly Tacos and the Chicken Chorizo Tacos are amazing and they chicken ones have this sauce (edit: honey chipotle-aioli) that they need to bottle so I can put that sh*t on everything.This place is amazing. The boyfriend and I stopped in for a quick drink one night and wound up having the specialty dessert, berries and creme, while sipping cocktails. I had the peach old fashioned and he had a sazarac. We also wound up splitting a cheese plate after a few drinks. It was excellent! I assumed the staff would be very drink knowledgeable and not know that much about nice cheese but the bartender explained every cheese to us in detail and made great recommendations. The bartender was super friendly and we definitely plan on stopping in again! It's definitely not cheap but for that kind of service I'm always willing to pay more. Love it!This place continues to get better and better. The food is always delicious and the kitchen never misses with its rotating menus. And of course, the beer selection is always top notch. Happy Hour is  must.Just ordered from caviar. Tacos and fries both burned, and order was 30 mins later than quote. Can't imagine the overcooked food is delivery drivers fault.
This is literally a ten minute walk from my house. Maybe less. Great beer selection. Food is typically fine in house. But this is inedible. Havn't eaten all night was just looking for a decent taco when I got home.. and just gross. Eating crackers. Threw it away.I love Bottle Bar... so why am I giving 1 star  we went last night (Monday) I ordered the pear salad  it came without  pears??? We also ordered a appetizer go figure we never got it then we sat there for a really long time waiting for our check because our waiter was no where to be found. My question is where was the regular staff the ones that provide excellent service?? Maybe just not on Monday's