I haven't been here in a few years, but I see they have managed to maintain good quality staff who are friendly.  We yelpers know this is a rare trait today in the service industry.  From what I remembered - they have cool happy hour specials each day and when I was there - I see this continues.  
As stated, the service is friendly and they are prompt.  I like the outdoor seating during the sea on.  I like the price points and the food is consistently good.  If you haven't tried it yet - give them a go - you don't have to wait for restaurant week either because they offer a Prix-Fixe menu on Mondays and Tuesday for $25.00 - that's a good deal.I just went to Bourbon Blue for New Years Eve 2010. My boyfriend and I had six guests from out of town staying with us and we were looking for a good deal for New Years Eve in Manayunk. We paid $60 pp for a ticket that included 4 hours open bar, and a $20 gift card to use in the future. Overall their New Years Eve party was good. Downstairs got a little crowded (since I don't think they had a DJ upstairs until later in the night). The bartenders were a little strict about drink limits but seemed to relax as the night went on. If we went back next year I would buy one of the cheaper New Years tickets. Everyone else seemed to get exactly the same thing that we did at the higher ticket price (with the exception of the gift cards). 
Brunch - We went back a couple days later for brunch to use our $20 gift cards and everyone was pleased with the food. I had the Eggs Benedict with the crab cake and I will definitely be back to have that again!The Alligator Quesadillas & the filet beef tips were fantastic. Very spicy. The service was quick and efficient and friendly. Thank you Samantha. We will come there again!"Happy hour here is amazing. For dinner they often do live music and on nice days you can sit outside overlooking the canal. The filet tips appetizer is AMAZING and we order it every time we go. Their burger is delicious. I'm not a big fan of their gumbo and jambalaya - I just don't think they have enough spice/flavor. It's a great place for a date night or for eating outdoors.Bourbon blue is a nice break from the rest of the main street bar and restaurant scene. There are still some of the inevitable annoyances that come with the area like limited parking and occasional loud crowds as it gets later on friday and saturday nights, but come on people what do you expect? Its manayunk and you are going to run into these problems anywhere you go.
I do find on average it is quieter than most bars/ restaurants in manayunk. Whether this is because its located off of main street or the fact its a high price range than many of the other hot spots I don't know. The atmosphere is pretty low key and is good for a date or just hanging out with a small group of friends.
The food and drinks are delicious! I often go with friends open friday because of their all you can eat ribs and snow crab special. Even though the dealing is amazing and the ribs and crab are delicious I still have to get the Chesapeake chicken, which is to die for! the bar tenders are awesome and they have a decent range of craft beers. My friends go for the hurricanes, very similar to the drinks the serve on bourbon street (I believe they have a limit because of the high amount of alcohol per drink)
Overall though, a must try restaurant in manayunk for american food and drinks with a bit of cajun flare.Had a horrible experience on New Year's Eve. My group spent over $400 on the 3 course dinner and open bar tickets ($100 a piece). However, were treated like walk-ins. DESPITE 9:30 pm reservations, we (group of 4) were not seated until 10:45 pm. In fact, upon arrival we were greeted by the hostess telling us that "our" table was not clear because the previous parties had not cleared the table yet. Cut to 10:20 pm when we finally asked to speak to the manager, who greeted our concern with intent looks of exasperation. We were offered cocktail tables in bar area as a solution - which, obvious was unreasonable considering how crowded the bar area was getting. Finally, seated at a proper table by 10:45 pm. You would think the manager would offer some words of kindness or extend an extra courtesy, right? Well, no. Shame on him. 
The open bar was not too shabby. No premium liquor included, however. Here's the kicker: you could not order anything "on the rocks". Instead, you would have to opt for "neat" because apparently ice was too much to ask for IN your drink. Not too bad, though. I'll just order a cup of ice to go with it. Problem solved. 
Everything about this place was unorganized and I will not return, EVER. I could have been treated worse for less money and felt better about it. I will forever recall the manager's reaction to us and find it hard to believe he is responsible for running a business...let alone on NYE. It's unfortunate because the food was good and by other reviews it seems the happy hour is pretty decent.We recently ate at Bourbon Blue during Manayunk's Restaurant Week. Started off right with nightly drink special, ($5 house Martinis), and bruschetta. Entrees were all good, Jambalaya, Southern fried chicken with gravy, and Creole Caprese pasta with blackened chicken. Liked our server too. Only downside was we were seated next to a table with a very large and noisy party. Would recommend you give it a try.We bumped into this place by chance! Its a gem in the rough! Love the filet mignon appetizer. It was tender and juicy. I can eat three or four of them. The gumbo Yaya was a steal for five bucks! And the jambalaya was to die for!!!
We'll definitely come back for the half price happy hour!!!My boyfriend and I come here occasionally. So this review is from my experience over the span of a year & some change. The service is usually pretty bad, some times to the point where we say we wouldn't go back. But living in Manayunk leaves your options pretty slim. The bartenders are mostly awful. The red head is always miserable looking. And guy who is usually bartending with her is really bad. He will ignore you trying to get his attention while he holds conversations with other customers. Also, he will very obviously grab or slap the red head bartender's ass right in front of everyone. And since she never smiles I can't tell if she's happy about it or not. But it's incredibly unprofessional and frankly, sexual harassment. So, he's a creep. Now onto the food- it's ok. It's overpriced. They have two vegan options: a salad, or sweet potatoe fries. (Insert the emoticon of me shooting myself). Last night when I was there, they were out of veggie burgers. Awesome. When I was just vegetarian and not vegan, there were obviously a few more options, but not much. And risotto for $18?! And that's without adding any of the protein up charges. My boyfriend eats meat so he can order anything. He loves the filet tip sandwich and a couple other things. Overall, I don't enjoy going here simply because, just like the rest of Manayunk (for the exception of Couch Tomato & Taqueria), there are awful options for people who don't eat meat! This really should be addressed. We (veggie lovers) spend money too!First time here met a friend for drinks and a bite to eat. Nice place, trendy, clean not a large menu. But, enough to find something to eat. Also not as Cajun as I had hoped. Good to fair beer selection on tap n bottles. The service was first class and our server was very polite and attentive. ThanksMy party decided to find seafood at another restaurant only due to the limited seafood on their menu but Olivia our waiter was superb. She was very down to earth and attentive. The drinks were great. I'll be back for sure .This is place is always a favorite of mine in Manayunk! My partner and I ate there this evening and the drinks/food was fantastic. We both got Moscow mules which were really good. They have a nice seating area outside over looking the canal and it's an over all welcoming and great experience. I recommend this place to family and friends when they are visiting town!You know how they say "you never get a second chance to make a first impression?" That's this place. Went here for Paint night.
I walked up to the reception / check in girl not sure what she is exactly. She was carrying on a personal conversation with what seemed like a frequent customer . She looked up when she saw my party then continued to laugh and joke with him. We waited . Meanwhile the bartender looks up at us then her ....she continues . After about a minute another couple joined in line behind us and the conversation continued. Eventually we ask the bartender to direct My party to paint night . He does so. She is still talking. Luckily for the couple behind us they were going the same way.
I had a lot of things run through my head like perhaps we weren't the right shade because we certainly got treated like 2nd class people. So I won't be returning for paint night and definitely not to spend money in this establishment .Food was good, ambiance is amazing and the staff couldn't be more friendly. I liked the outdoor seating here.  I'll be coming here often!Cheese steak egg rolls are soooo good here. Food is pretty good. Probably best happy hour is manayunk.Unlike most people who like to stay inside their cozy homes during a snowstorm, my bf and I love to venture out and enjoy the empty stores and restaurants and less cars on the road. Yesterday was no exception. We decided to go for brunch at Le Bus in Manayunk, but there was a wait, so I suggested we check out Bourbon Blue instead.
The place was empty alright, but that suited us fine. Thankfully, it was warm inside, but a little drafty near the windows. We loved the decor of the restaurant.
We both decided to go with the Crabcake Benedict. I also ordered tea, and was surprised to find out that they didn't offer herbal tea. MOST of the brunch spots we go to do have a nice selection of teas. I went with plain old Lipton tea, and my bf had coffee.
When our food came, it looked delicious. After the first bite, we discovered it WAS delicious, however it was ICE COLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  On a cold day, the last thing I want to eat is cold eggs.  I called the waitress over, and asked if our food could be warmed up. She told me,"Unfortunately, we don't have a microwave, so we would have to make the whole entree over again."  Seriously?? What restaurant in this day and age doesn't have a microwave?
We toyed with the idea for a minute as she went to find a manager, and decided we didn't really want to wait another 20 minutes for our order.  The waitress returned a minute later without a manager, but said they would make the order over. We told her not to bother, and ate the ice cold meal anyway. We also ordered a pumpkin pancake which was also very good, but again.... COLD.
For the life of me, I can't figure out how our food had a chance to get cold when there was only 2 other tables of guests in the place.   Very disappointing.  Too bad... because if it was warm, that would have been one of the best Crabcake Benedicts I have ever had.  The hollandaise sauce was just right, and my eggs were cooked to perfection. The potatoes were delicious, and my pancake was fantastic, in spite of its iciness.
Overall, we decided we like Bourbon Blue, but we won't go there again on a cold day. I won't do cold eggs again, sorry! By the way, I would have given Bourbon Blue a 4, possibly a 5, if my food was even a tad bit warm.Went here for the last day of Manayunk Restaurant Week with a couple friends while we visited Philly for the first time. We loved it!!! Our server (Simon was his name, I think?) was awesome, answered all of our questions, and checked in on us in between courses. I got the Brie and onion tartlets, Southern fried chicken with spinach and mashed potatoes, and brownie sundae for my three courses, with a glass of Rosè, all for $35. Great deal! The tartlets were amazing (my favorite part of the meal), the chicken was perfectly done, and the brownie sundae was awesome. Drink was great too! Would definitely come here again!Went here for brunch. Seemed like a cool place in the middle of Manayunk and I'm sure it's a fun bar scene but do not go for the food. They do have some authentic cajun menu items, but the execution and service were abysmal. Menu descriptions were misleading and special requests were ignored. We had a fly in our water and asked for another glass, the second glass we received had debris in it.
If I could give this zero stars I would.My family and I have come to Bourbon Blue for years to take advantage of their Tuesday night half priced pub menu. Our kids love it, and my wife and I get to have something of a night out on the cheap. They have a good beer selection, and the wait staff are super friendly. To this day when we occasionally run into one of them on the street they still remember us!Bourbon Blue is a tough read for Manayunk. Expensive food prices but great drink specials keeps this place in a strange niche on Main Street. I've gotten absolutely trashed here with my friends but it's kind of weird and quiet in there.
There are better restaurants/bars in the area, definitely keep Bourbon Blue low on the pecking order.The building was beautiful and attracted us there. It turned out to be all facade and no substance. The food was second rate at best. And very expensive. We will not return.Generally, I like bourbon blue but it can get a bit pricey and the rules to the drink specials can get a bit ridiculous, like in the summer the bar specials cannot be served outside on the deck, which just doesn't seem right. Otherwise, they are very helpful with gluten free menu options and have some good drink specials.I really like Bourbon Blue.  The food is good.  They have a good drink selection and their cocktails are excellent.  The service varies in attentiveness, but they're always friendly and accommodating.The best part about Bourbon Blue is definitely the location - in between main st Manayunk and just off of the canal path.  My husband and I visited for lunch and went for a beautiful stroll afterwards.  We were seated outside and had a view of the canal, and the gorgeous weather made for a great brunch. 
The food was alright.  They didn't have any specials that knocked my socks off so I stuck with a brunch favorite - buttermilk pancakes.  I opted for add ons of strawberries and chocolate chips to give them a little something extra.  The strawberries were clearly frozen, not fresh and there were so few of them I actually had to go searching through the stack to see if they had forgotten them.  The pancakes tasted fine, but it definitely was not worth the $5 they charged me to do the add-ons :(  
Overall, the experience was alright but I'll probably keep searching for brunch spots in the area.To all those who have had authentic cajun food: This is the closest Yankee version I've found.  The jambalaya tasted pretty much the same as the jambalaya in the bayou area. Seriously. The cornbread left something to be desired but it's free cornbread and my southern ways can't argue with that. 
Sit outside if you can.  If it's really, really humid and over 95 degrees it'll feel just like you're on Bourbon street down in N'awlins. If it's more temperate you'll LOVE the view !
I ordered the pomegranate margarita pitcher on Monday for $15.  Totally worth it. Followed this up with a Cucumber-Collins...Holy bajesus! I wish I could get a pitcher of those! Gin and I have some issues but if you can tolerate gin in a well made cocktail (the ONLY way I can drink it) then you gotta try this.Wellll...I do declare that the Voodoo Shrimp at this here joint is mighty fine. Its spice is just 'nuf to make a crocodile legitimately smile.
No, but seriously, the Voodoo Shrimp itself is spectacularly spicy in that sort of Cajun way with very subtle undertones of smoked chili peppers. Shrimp swimming in spicy sauce broth? Yes'm.
The cornbread is southern style, which means it's more savory than sweet. And the Chipotle whipped butter that is served along with it and some awkwardly square but-oh-so-quintessential buttermilk biscuits is pretty much spoon-in-your-mouth good...if it were acceptable to eat butter with a spoon anyhow.Brunch was surprisingly good! The crabs eggs Benedict was delicious...and the potatoes were nice and crispy.  They have an awesome Bloody Mary bar that you can load up in olives, horseradish, pocketed, pepperoni, the list goes on.Great meal. Nice open atmosphere . Pleasant service. Crab cakes and Jambalaya was what we had ordered. We would come back if in the area.I recently landed here because all of the other brunch spots were closed or not serving brunch on NYE. I've enjoyed the food on my previous visits, but I can't say the same about this one. My drink (some kind of cider with honey) & the hot chocolate was awesome! The calamari tasted good, as usual. However, the pancakes were kind of dry as were the potatoes. And never had I had turkey sausages that had absolutely no taste. The eggs were just ok, but had I known that the cheese was gonna be on top I would've asked to have it mixed in. It's safe to say that for me BB is a good lunch/dinner & drinks spot.We have been to Bourbon Blue in the past for happy hour and after today's visit we realized why it's been so long between visits. Service was good and staff was pleasant but the hot garbage they are spinning out of that kitchen leaves a lot to be desired. Today's breakfast consisted of French Toast and their Southern Benedict. French toast was awful and dry and the Southern Benedict tasted like it was a Jimmy Dean microwaveable breakfast. Needless to say an unwanted colon cleanse followed this meal within 30minutes .I have proof (as verified by my credit card statements) that I spent over 500 dollars at Bourbon Blue over the course of 13 months. I always hand them my bourbon blue rewards card. When I questioned why I had only 200ish reward points (listed on my receipt), my waitress got the manager. He looked into it and said that's all I had, and he'd credit me 50 pts. I've never redeemed them and have all my receipts/credit card statements. Rewards program is a scam. Pretty sure the manager didnt like my yelp review and screwed with my rewards as that's the only logical explanation I can find. 
We had the bruschetta during this visit. Not good - too much vinegar. 
Overall so disappointed in this business. This was my favorite happy hour and the food used to be amazing! I had my grad party here when I finished grad school. Too bad it's been downhill from then.We did the office party here at it was a great experience. Service was excellent drinks were flowing. Beer selection wasn't amazing but was decent enough. The food was soooooo good. Cute place tucked away on a side street. Would definitely go back.Naturally with a name like Bourbon Blue, I was drawn to the whiskey menu. To my disappointment, there were no prices listed. The selection varies so greatly that the price per shot could be upwards of 100 bucks for something like johnnie walker blue label. I asked the waitress and she had to leave the table to check the computer for each individual price. Instead of wasting time, I just ordered jack Daniels cause I knew generally what the price would be. I'd hate to order something and find out it was 30 dollars a shot or more.Got the crab cakes and calamari. Both were not that great. Crab cakes have a weird taste and with some bland mashed potatoes and mixed veggies for $24 I wouldn't return. Nothing Cajun about this restaurant at all & I'm from New Orleans so I know. Service was great!!! And they have good happy hour specials for apps. So if I go again it'll b during happy hour. Also, valet was free on Monday night so that's a plus bc parking is a pain in manayunk. The food : 1 star, everything else, valet and service was great. So I gave it a 2.To expensive for what is served for dinner. If you are looking to experience New Orleans cuisine or have a feel for seafood dishes look elsewhere because you will spend big bucks on meals here and won't be satisfied. I ordered the paella seafood dish. The rice had the taste of boxed rice and it had 3 pieces of shrimp in it with no other seafood. I am not a cook type of person but I  could have made something better with boxed rice,seasoning, and a bag of seafood pieces. My husband had the snapper or some type of fish. His entire meal was bland. Their food is almost like fast food style ex. Boston Market but they charge big bucks. Actually I can't even say that because Boston Market has way more flavor at least. It just want worth it. I was very disappointed that my "New Orleans" experience was not what I hoped it would be.The food is good and you can get away from the normal Manayunk crowd. This place is tucked back off the street near the river and a hidden gem for happy hour. Half off the bar menu and drinks every weekday. If you got for the first time try the Alligator quesadilla you won't be disappointed.This spot is absolutely beautiful and the food was very good! The menu options are not overwhelming - however, aren't as "New Orleans" as I had hoped. It would be nice to have seen a menu with only options one would find in The South, but at least it was tasty!Went here a couple times just getting around to writing a review. The food is awesome the servers are great. Nice place to relax and enjoy your date. Love itTalk about happy hour prices that cannot be beat! I recently discovered Bourbon Blue, right off main Street manayunk and along the canal! The place is huge and has a great food and drink selection! During happy hour the appetizers were $5! This please is kind of like a little hidden gem! They also have live music! Will for sure be going back!I can't tell you how much I was looking for to Restaurant week so I can have dinner at this place. Well, it was an epic fail. It started from when I sat down and asked the waiter about the drink specials and he looked at me like deer in headlights. Once the entire party was at the table, drinks were ordered and of course, they were wrong. Once again, the fault of the waiter. I said, we need free drinks after an experience like this. Of course he completely ignored me and when he returned to the table...he told me he ignored me (reduction of tip). 
So of course we order the restaurant week special (chicken/shrimp with Grits). Chicken was dry as hell and the grits were as stiff as a shirt with extra starch. By this time, we were done.  The food was awful, the wait staff sucked and the managerial staff was useless!  
I will say, I thoroughly enjoyed my cheesesteak eggrolls!  But that surely doesn't make up for all of the other epic fails!The first thing I noticed about this place was that they had a large and impressive bar. Having served at a bar myself, I envied the bartender for having so much space to get around -- my assumption is that they can handle a crowd. Given the space, they consequently had a huge selection of drink fixins. The food was good. The menu was very clear and descriptive, especially for the cocktails. Our server was really sweet and attentive. When we couldn't figure out which beers to get, he knew a good amount about the selection to help us pick. I think the owner/manager checked in on us as well, which was a nice touch; shows they care. The cocktail was very latently boozy, which I appreciated since that's what I get a cocktail for -- nothing worse than just getting sugar water. Maybe I'll come back in warmer weather to enjoy their deckDecent food, a good atmosphere, and a great dessert!
I've eaten at Bourbon a few times and have always received friendly service regardless of how busy it may or may not have been.  The food is above the average bar food and everything has a hint of Ne Orleans spice.  The creme brulee earned this place a star by itself!
This place is good for brunch or dinner and also has an decent crowd for the evenings.  However, remember about the $5 cover after 10 PM (at least on Saturdays).I've been here twice. First time we sat inside and the service was great. The second time we were outside and the service was extremely slow, our waitress kept disappearing. The food is good and they have a great drink menu.Cool spot to check out, drinks are reasonably priced. Nice atmosphere with outdoor seating. Live musicBourbon Blue is solid. Nothing amazing. But nothing bad either. My girlfriend and I visited a few months ago. We shared the alligator quesadilla, which was tasty. For entrees we ordered a burger and the mahi tacos. My girlfriend enjoyed the burger and the fish tacos were...decent. Nothing really impressed me. But I would come back for a decent meal since I live so close. A little pricey though.What happened to Bourbon Blue?!? We ate here several times in the past and the dinner was great, although the service was only okay. Went with some friends for lunch today - what a disaster! The service was deplorable. It took 20 mins to get some warm beer and a few watered down cocktails. The food was just pathetic, (especially considering their high prices) some was undercooked, some overcooked and nothing had much flavor or seasoning. Three of us were served our food and the fourth member of our party had to wait an additional 15 mins for her food. Some of our food had to be sent back to the kitchen. The waitress simply could not have cared less. All in all an awful experience.I was having a great time until I saw a mouse run across the floor - after I had already paid and my uber was outside. I have NEVER seen a rodent in a restaurant; that's not to say it's the only place ever to have them but I certainly have never witnessed them with my own two. The restaurant was pretty quiet - Tuesday night. We were the only people in the dining area after a group of two left. We sat in the corner, and the mouse probably thought it had the entire place to itself. 
I do not recommend, and I will not return.The cocktails were delicious, but the food was just OK. We shared the cheesesteak eggrolls and the alligator quesadilla but didn't love either one, especially since you can find something else on Main Street for similar quality and less money. They have a good beer selection, but so do a lot of other places that can also provide better food! We'll probably go back since we live in the neighborhood and we love sitting outside, but it's not somewhere I'd consider a "must visit."Love this place!  Stopped by Bourbon Blue for my fifth time and I am never disappointed. The food is amazing, the appetizers/small plates, are always delicious and flavorful. The entrees I have chosen have been exquisite.  We love the venue itself.  It has a flair about it - a place to unwind either at the bar area, outside deck overlooking the canal, or table-side. Another item to note - the staff are wonderful. Always professional and very friendly.  If you have an opportunity to stop by, please be sure to do so. I believe you will want to come back again and again.Good staple in the Manyunk Main St area. Bourbon Blue sits along the canal and offers a nice deck to sit on which is perfect for brunch. Bourbon Blue offers a solid menu and offers a ton of delicious items. Nice sized bar, good happy hour, and daily specials. Bourbon Blue is one of the long time standing restaurants in Manayunk and defiantly worth a visit.This place used to be 5 stars but lately it's gonna down hill. The service is bad and there is always something wrong with the food. The last 4 times I've been here there's always spent hit that put me off. I'm not one to complain so writing a review is rare for me.Just off main street Manayunk this is a solid bar.  It actually can be a little forgotten since it's not directly on Main St. It has a great Happy Hour menu and is also good for brunch. It's a safe place to bring parents visiting in town but also throws down on Friday and Saturday nights, which makes it pretty versatile.Words cannot describe my feelings for this place!! Came her with my two girl friends...one was out of town from DC...we sat at the bar and was about to order,  when a huge ROACH was scurrying across the floor....I was in true shock. ..it was sad cause my girlfriend from DC saw it also...Needless to say we never ordered anything and left...Great place! I've dined here for brunch, happy hour and dinner. I've also held two private events here in the private dining space. The private dining space is intimate and has a cozy, rustic look and feel. The staff is friendly and accommodating and the food and drinks are very good. Melissa is wonderful to work with and has gone above and beyond to make my events special. I would highly recommend this restaurant, you won't regret it.Amazing food, service, and ambience! Will definitely be back!! I ordered the breakfast skillet and it was great. Other people in my party ordered the Crab Benedict and loved it.The service was slow and the food lacked an authentic Louisiana/southern taste. Tasted liked someone purchased flavoring packets from the supermarket and threw them on everything in the kitchen.Good food and drinks (when you can get them).  This place has the most awful set- up ever! They used to be able to handle more than 40 people when they allowed patrons downstairs but the upstairs is crowded and annoying and completely ruins the experience.  The hostess and wait staff aren't that great at their jobs and aren't necessarily respectful.  This place used to be a good spot but i would not return during a time when it might be crowded, which is a lot since they closed the downstairs.If you come to Bourbon Blue and you aren't told it's a Cajun restaurant beforehand, you'll enjoy it. 
If you're looking specifically for Cajun, you'll get a decent interpretation of it but there are other joints that are the real deal. Also this is a little more expensive than those other places.
My fiancee and I went there with a couple friends recently because we were catching up and in the mood for something that wasn't just pub grub so we decided on Bourbon Blue. The host (we'll call him D'Artagnan) wasn't necessarily the most inviting person. I had made a reservation for us and my one friend go there first, so I told him to grab the table for us. D'Artagnan just looked at him and said "okay" and didn't do anything. Once the rest of us arrived he said it'd be a second while our table was being cleaned, then walked to the back of the restaurant for about 10 minutes while more people started walking in. The rest of the night I watched him slink back and forth from his station to the back near the kitchen where he would stay for minutes on end not really hosting too hard.
The food was decent. Having been to NOLA before I know having food down there is not the same as up here, but even then it was just an okay stab. For bar food though, I give it a good solid B+. Their gator po' boy is a less messy version of a po' boy but still decently tasty. The cajun fries didn't taste too seasoned though. 
Overall, our server was nice and I can't complain about the beer selection. The thing about Manayunk is that it's a nicer college town main drag, so to sum it up this place is great as a great bar with great pub food.My husband and I came in for happy hour.  While we would never return for Brunch or Dinner due to several poor experiences, we decided to give happy hour a try.  We ordered the cheesesteak eggrolls, the calamari and the wings.  All great!!  The $5 wine was perfect for me and my husband enjoyed a $6 martini or two.  What shocked me was that I ordered a Caesar salad to off-set all the bad food we ordered :-)  The salad was $8.50.  Based on that price, I assumed that it wasn't a dinner sized salad but at least a side/small plate salad.  When the salad came out, the bowl had 7 pieces of lettuce, 3 croutons and a small dish of dressing.  I confirmed with the bartender that it was the salad I saw on the menu and he said yes....we immediately said "No Thank You."  I had eaten one crouton and while attempting to not break my teeth due to its hardness, I politely handed the salad back to the bartender and said we would not be paying for the salad.  He seem irritated, but did redeem himself and remained friendly for the remainder of our stay.  So, in summary, while the happy hour specials and food are decent, I really don't see myself going out of my way to come back.Love this place.  The food is amazing and the service is great! Cheese steak eggrolls are so good.  They have decent drink specials for happy hour and the happy hour is later too so convenient for people who work later. 
The brunch on the weekends is great too....they have a crab cake Benedict that is awesome. 
Ask for "the mike" shot, you won't regret it!! Tastes greatDecided to visit Bourbon Blue for "Sunday Funday" and I am really happy we stopped by. The bar was fairly empty when we arrived around 4:30 pm but that did not bother us. If you are looking to hang out and watch the games or meet up with friends I would definitely check out Bourbon Blue on Sundays. They had a nice special of $3 Blue Moon. It was a nice quick stop on our bar hop that day!I used to LOVE THIS PLACE!!! My wife and I  would come here for Brunch, and at least a dinner or two every week then we had a kid and that all stopped, but recently we decided that Tuesday, or Thursday, every week we would get a baby sitter and go have dinner out together. The first two weeks we came to Bourbon Blue for the Happy Hour. It is good food and their half off bar menu is great . Then this happened. We came in at 445 and told the staff we would like to eat outside for the happy hour (which we knew started at five) we placed our orders at 457 and stated we were ordering off the happy hour menu. We ate and had a drink. Then got the bill. Of course they put it all in at full price. I have tried to contact Bourbon Blue and talk to them about our visit and have gotten no reply, it is sad because now I won't go back and this could have been our weekly date night spot.Went here for a friends birthday party.  I assume the birthday party food was catered by the restaurant and everything that we had was really good.  I would like to come back and try the restaurant out next time I am in Philly.Since my original complaint was about service, I do feel I need to give an update.  After reading my review, the owner of Bourbon Blue reached out to me and offered to give me a gift certificate for a dinner for two to make up for my bad experience.  I really appreciated that and I gladly accepted.  
Last week my boyfriend and I redeemed the gift certificate and had a great experience.  The food was good: I had the fish tacos which have a great chipotle taste and he had the jambalaya, which he said was spicy and good.  The bread was also very delicious.  The service was excellent: both our server and the manager on duty went out of their way to make sure we had a good time.  Our drinks were promptly filled and they even talked to us about the beers on the menu.  As beer buffs, we really appreciated that.  Food came out in a timely manner this time, as well.  
I was really impressed with the effort they went to to change my mind.  So, Bourbon Blue...you have redeemed yourself and I will return in the future!went yesterday for easter dinner with the mrs.  we stopped at the bar and had a couple of drinks and asked if there were any dinner specials for the holiday.  the owner happened to be standing by us and mentioned that he had lamb chops in the back they were making, so the wife ordered those, and i asked if he had ham, he said he did and if that's what i wanted he would cook it up for me......let me tell you, brendon went beyond helpful....the meal was OUTSTANDING, the mrs. claims they were the best lamb chops she has ever had, and she tries them everywhere....they came with a side of rissoto and glazed carrots, rissoto was perfect....my ham came out 2 thick cut pieces....covered with a honey glaze with raisin and pineapples     DELICIOUS   side of mashed potato's and glazed carrots.... our waitress Brittany couldn't have been anymore professional....  started out just going out for a typical easter dinner turned out to be one of the best ever   also had calamari for an appetizer and also was very good, i just cannot say enough good things about bourbon blue     truly one place i can tell you if you don't see what you want on the menu, you might want to ask anyway.....you could be surprised as we wereWe came to Bourbon Blue for a Sunday morning brunch with friends. We called the day before and made a reservation for 12 at 11AM the next day. When we arrived,  no one had any record of our reservation. The restaurant wasn't busy at all, and the hostess was able to put a few tables together and accommodate us without much of an issue. 
The service wasn't super great. It took about 10-15 minutes to get our first round of drinks. The food, while absolutely delicious, took about an hour to an hour and 15 minutes to be delivered to our table. Before our food arrived, we ordered another Bloody Mary round for the table. We waited for about 20 minutes and when our server came back, she asked if we wanted to order another drink. We had to remind her we had already ordered another round of drinks and they may be ready at a bar. 
Overall it wasn't the best brunch experience we've ever had, but the food was solid and we enjoyed spending the morning with good friends. A quick note - the only parking near the restaurant is $12 valet parking.Enjoyed Happy Hour deals (Mon-Fri 5-7p).  $3 Three Olives mixed drinks and half off the snack menu, great deal!  Friendly attentive server.   Had a nice stroll along the canal after eating.This is a very nice spot, with outdoor seating along the canal and live music indoors on weekend nights.  The food, which has a New Orleans slant, was excellent from start to finish, including oysters, nachos, shrimp orzo, and fried chicken.Went there once for lunch and found it decent. Liked the atmosphere and service. Glad they are a mainstay in the 'yunk.I come here all of the time and I've never done a review. This is one of my favorite places in Manayunk! Today at brunch I had the Sirloin Tip and Spinach salad and it was INSANELY delicious. The bartenders are great. The food has never disappointed me. Just an all around consistently enjoyable place to come indulge.Went here for the Halloween costume party on Friday October 31st. 
Pros: Less crowded then other bars participating in the 3 bar Halloween tour (Kildares and Mad River)
DJ was awesome!! (Andrew I believe his name was)
Bartenders were quick and friendly.
Ticket included a free drink
Cons: Music/sound got screwed up at midnight after the "costume" contest.
Costume contest was so disorganized and the winners/potentials didn't have great costumes.
Money wasn't even given to winners!!! Said come back on Monday for the 100$.
No food at time of our arrivals with group of 5 at 9pm. Could of had some good small food Cajun style but only had carrots and celery. Prob cost 3$ total.
Sound and music stopped just after midnight. Very disappointed in how no enetertainment/music was handled by staff.Lately I've been checking out places in Manayunk, and decided to give Bourbon Blue a try. It was on a Monday night, and they were offering $5 margaritas, which was a great deal. They offer a lot of daily specials, and on Monday and Tuesday they offer a $25 prix fixe for 3 courses which seems like a great value if you are planning to have a full meal.
We were just out for a light supper. We started off with the Cajun pick and peel shrimp which honestly were about the best pick and peel shrimp I can remember eating. There is a nice amount of spice on them, but not overpowering.  Next I had the filet tip sandwich with sweet potato fries, the sandwich and fries were both delish.  
The only disappointment was the chicken wings with chipoltle bbq sauce- they didn't have enough heat. There are plenty of other good place to get wings, so I would pass on them here.
The service was friendly and fast, and we had seats outside on the patio overlooking the canal. Most restaurants in Manyunk have their outdoor tables right on Main Street, where you get a lot of traffic noise, so I have to say that I did enjoy eating on the patio, even though the canal is frankly not that scenic.
I really liked Bourbon Blue, it is trying to be a little more upscale than most of the other Manayunk places, and would be a nice date place, though its not expensive or pretentious.  Overall, I would give it 3.5 starts, and I am planning to return.My first time at this restaurant. The staff was VERY pleasant even down to their valet. Happy hour menu was good. Outside seating was perfect for the weather. Would recommend and go back there myself1st time I was here - great.  2nd time I was here - not so much.
We originally went here for New Year's Eve & really enjoyed ourselves - good music & crowd, drink specials, etc.  More recently I brought a group of out-of-town friends & we had one of the most confusing and unpleasant customer service experiences.
Within my friend's salad was a large ball of soil - legit still attached to the lettuce in the salad.  After bringing it to her attention, our waitress barely acknowledged or apologized - she just took the plate away with her.  We saw her walk it over to a manager, who pulled her behind a wall to talk about it.  The manager never came over to our table about it - maybe it was embarrassing to address the fact that someone missed a baseball size piece of dirt when making the plate?  When the check came, the uneaten salad was still on there & we had to request it be removed.  We ended up paying by card & the waitress brought us back a checkbook full of cash - it was clearly someone else's change.  Luckily we were honest & handed it back.  I hope she was new/nervous because the place wasn't crowded at all.  If she was new, she should've mentioned it to help her case because we all just sat staring at each other every time she walked away from the table.  I think a small apology goes a long way & there was just no attentiveness.  Slow/unprofessional service & poor management during this visit erased the memory of the 1st & changed our minds on ever returning.  
Follow-up:  The manager reached out to me via e-mail after I posted this apologizing & wanting to talk about the experience.  I wrote back - twice - & never heard from him again. That's kinda what I meant by the poor management comment up there.I just discovered Bourbon Blue. The drinks specials are great as well as their menu. I love their $4 margarita on Mondays that last all day.I went here with two friends for a late lunch toward the end of the Red Bull Soap Box Race, after hours of being drenched. Our timing was horrible; every bar and restaurant and Main St. was packed, but we managed to get seated here rather quickly. Some guy was performing acoustic cover songs, which were painfully loud despite the roar of the crowd. I breathed a sigh of relief when he took a set break. Our beer was served up pretty quickly but the food took forever. I ordered the Smoked Turkey Sandwich which was delicious, but missing its bacon. It came with a very small portion of Cajun fries, which tasted great.
It wasn't comparable to my experience with actual restaurants in New Orleans but I'm sure the nightlife and less crowded times make up for it. Their website is wonderful (non-.pdf menus! events calendar!) and I'd be interested in their prix fixe menu as well as their take on beignets during Sunday brunch.I've been here twice now for brunch.  It's. ... nice.   Nothing spectacular, but when you think of some of the other places in Manayunk, I'd actually consider bringing my parents here.  And there's something to say about that. 
The food is solid.  Pet peeve #1, any bunch dish involving eggs and cheese in a skillet should come with toast.  It didn't... I was charged $1.50 for toast.   Also,  pet peeve #2, this place does NOT need valet parking.  They literally take your keys (and $10) and park on the street 50 feet away.  Maybe reserve those spots for patrons instead. 
Solid Manayunk option for a nice meal.Bourbon Blue is a great option for a fun night out in Manayunk. In addition, it's a great place for some good food when you have the time. The beef tips were incredible!One of the best happy hours in Manayunk!  This was one of my favorite spots when I lived in the city.  Cheesesteak egg rolls are one of the best things on the menu! 
Fun outdoor patio area overlooking the river and just a great time especially with the band they bring in.  Pretty big selection of beer and some good craft things you don't usually find.  
Definitely recommend stopping by for happy hour or drinks on the weekend with friends or a date night!The decore is rustic, warm and hip. The food was delicious and served promptly. 
The Gumbo Yaya was good and not too spicy. The cheesesteak egg rolls were wonderful. The salmon with veggies was excellent. It was cooked perfectly, not overdone as some places. 
We tried two beers: the Kentucky Bourbon Barrel Ale and the Narragansett Coffee Milk Stout. Both were excellent!
The service was very good too!