I ordered a few times and food was good, but the prices are WAAAAAYYYY too much. I ordered buffalo chicken fries with cheese whiz, corn on a cob and a small Cole slaw and price was $21.32????? The portion of the fries was small.. Just like the corn on the cob and Cole slaw.. They charge me $2 for a side of ranch and $3.50 for cheese whiz.. IM GOING TO STICK WITH CITY VIEW PIZZA.. Prices are reasonable, food is delicious and portions are huge!!!!!!!!! A salad from them can feed 3-4 people.. They don't cheat you out of meat..I've ordered from Brandywine at least once a week for the last 5 years and I've never had a bad experience. I usually order pizza or a salad for pick up and never had to wait more than the 15 - 20 minutes I was told when I placed the order. They are always super friendly, too.RUDE RUDE RUDE RUDE RUDE. Their own website says they are open until 1AM on weekends. Called at 11:30 to order food and the lady answering the phone rudely told me they were closed and hung up. Called back to say I didn't appreciate the attitude and the lady hung up again. Food is bottom tier and their "make over" makes their restaurant look like a crack den. Go to City View, Allesandros, or Prontos and get better food and better service.Not sure why all the bad reviews but I had a great first experience with Brandywine last night. I was at the Hilton at Penn's Landing and needed delivery around midnight on a Tuesday. The front desk handed me a menu for this place so I gave it a shot. Ordered a small Brandywine pizza. The guy on the phone told me he'd call me back in two mins with my total. Not sure what that was about but he did. Was paying by credit card so had $1.50 fee for that. My $12.50 pizza ended up being $19 before tip but it was worth it. Delivery was fast and pizza was delicious. Will definitely order from here again.Charge way too much for wings that are only sub par and they take forever to deliver. Sick of this placefood : the food is good .
delivery :horrible
price: typical :$$
gotta tell ya , ordered our meal for delivery.$73.66
took 4 phone calls from them to find out location about 10 blocks away . located at a common intersection. we called them asking where the meal was that it was 1 hour and 20 minutes, 
food arrived: all the food was cold , also they state that platters that are on their menu are not on their menu. ridiculous. 
this is their menu , their business , there delivery  people , poor!!!!!!!!!!!!!!poor !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  poor !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Waffle fries were great, but within several hours of finishing a small pizza with grilled chicken, peppers, and onions that tasted a bit off, I was throwing up violently and definitely had some sort of food poisoning. It seems like things could be cleaner over there, and I won't be ordering again for this reason.Delivery was pretty prompt even though I ordered close to closing time. Food wasn't anything too spectacular, but it was good nevertheless. I ordered a large pizza with groundbeef topping and buffalo wings. The buffalo wings were average, while the pizza I feel was better than a lot of other places I've tried in the area. Would order from here again.so i ordered a wrap once (think it was the chicken supreme) and I got a quesadilla. I know i didn't get someone else's order because it contained all the same ingredients as the wrap i ordered. It was also the greasiest, soggiest, blandest quesadilla i have ever eaten. ugh
trust me there are better options around the areaThe way a corner pizza & sandwich shop should be.
This place gets much less foot traffic than deserved, since there are two other pizza & sandwich shops around the corner facing Spring Garden.
Short line: great hoagies & grinders, awesome pizza, and plenty of dollar beverages.  Takes Visa for a single sandwich without complaint!  Eat there if you have a newspaper or nowhere else to go, otherwise take out.I see a lot of negative reviews, but we just had two very good experiences with delivery here.  The people on the phone were extremely friendly and accommodating, allowing substitutions in their specials to allow for our wishes.  The cheeseburger/veggie burger platters we got were tasty as can be- veggie burger was a little mushy, but still tasted great.  BF says the cheeseburger was absolutely satisfying in every way.  Amazing for the price, and delivery was so fast- we were so pleased! Next order of Santa Fe pizza, cheese pizza and wings was good, I hear the Sante Fe pizza was on the weird, Chinese-food-y side, but the cheese pizza was great and the wings were a hit.  Plus, it was open on January 1st- woot!My boyfriend and I popped in there last night for a late night bite to eat. Burgers are absolutely delightful ( even though they forgot the extra pickles on my burger)! 
My burger was juicy and fresh and the roll was perfect. Next time I would not do bacon as it was too fatty fur my taste.I ordered from here for an office birthday party last week. This is a perfectly adequate cheap food delivery service with semi-decent pizza. Delivery was right on time and was about $30 including tip for three XL pizzas and a bottle of soda, they even threw in the plates, napkins, and sides of garlic powder and crushed red pepper. 
The pizza is so-so, but for the price it's an excellent deal. It is not overwhelmingly greasy which is a nice change of pace and the crust was surprisingly crisp without being burnt.
Their menu has a handful of family specials that are great for serving a crowd and every day specials that knock the price down for single serving meals. They must have a fairly large delivery radius as well because I had a copy of their menu at my apartment in Chinatown. Overall good bang for your buck and with a large delivery area, definitely worth checking out on your next rainy day.A local staple. Great pizza. Really nice people who work there. 
Basic cheese pie is great and they will give you as much ranch or blue cheese as it want.  
Consistent, cheap, great hours.Excellent late night cheese steak pizza place. Nice guys working and good food. I'll find this spot again next time I'm in town.Very friendly staff. Great pizza slices (pretty large). Sicilian pizza is big and delicious. Low prices, I recommend this lovely place!Very friendly staff. One of my favorite things about the place.
Not necessarily greatest place if you're looking to eat healthy but if you love a good panini or a great gyro, this is a good place. The Sicilian pizza is also pretty good.
Puddings and cakes are delicious too though for most part, selection really seems to depend on the day. (Not usually a problem really. Good when it is there too and only out out late at night on random nights) 
Only complaint is that the food can be a bit salty. Not in a way that affects the taste badly but if you have stomach acid problems, maybe just pack a few tums.
Best burgers from the area that we've tried as well so far.
Love it.
Staff = 5 stars also.This place is way to expensive! 
They were my only late night option for pizza so I had no choice. I ordered a small pepperoni pizza, garlic knots and a Snapple. That came out to $27.95 !! It was $11.99 for a small baby pizza, $2.50 for pepperoni, garlic knots were $5.99 for just 4 rolls, and they also gave me the wrong Snapple. After I ordered then I had to wait 40 minutes. 
Don't get me wrong the food didn't taste terrible, it was just way too pricey for just some pizza and bread!
I am never ordering from here again!Extremely overpriced for the amount and quality of food.  Have tried a couple of times because they are very friendly and like to support local business but feel let down each timeWhen I called a woman answered, put me on hold twice (mind you I was ordering 2 plain pizzas), and didn't even give me an estimated time for delivery. Her slurred speech and slow response sounded like she just smoked a blunt of Philly's finest. When the pizza arrived, I opened the box and found most of the cheese on the side of the pizza. The dough was hard and clearly made from frozen precut pies. This sad excuse for a pizza joint was a one and done for me.This place often gets overlooked because of Fairmount Pizza right around the way, but it is excellent! Cheap prices, fast delivery on weekends (since it's less well known) and tasty pizza and snacks! The cheese fries are especially scrumptious! Give it a fair shot & you won't be disappointed! 
The dining space was recently rehabbed so the dine-in experience is just as pleasant!This use to be my go to pizza shop when it was under different management but nowadays turned into a bland paradise of flavorless pizza.I love this place , their wings are the bomb ! 
I love their slice of pizza , you just need to know what to order here ! Once a week wings night and I am never disappointed !That was the oddest felafel sandwich I have ever had. There were incredibly salty pickled vegetables and potatoes in it. The strawberry cheesecake ice cream had chunks/chips of ice in it. I mean, it's $5.99 for small container... And the ice cream wasn't that great. I would have been better off going to the store for some Ben & Jerry's. Overall, very disappointing; I won't order again. It gets two stars instead of one because the driver was timely and polite.Just joined yelp to write a review. Spent $35 for two pizzas that were both smaller than my head. They were probably smaller than the awful $5 dominos pizzas... And I mean if they tasted great I would've brushed off the cost but it wasn't even mediocre.. And I'm not even picky with my pizza. (Ordered buffalo chicken & regular) definitely do NOT recommend. I'm gonna get angry every time I scroll through my previous orders on grub hub and see this place on there. NEVER, ever again.Delivery driver kicked my dog who walked out with me.  When I called to complain hey left me on hold for 10 mins then lectured me about leasing my dog in my house.  Never calling here again.  My pug puppy did not rush the driver, was not barking, was not being threatening. The driver lied to the manager.  Screw this place.So as an active grubhubber (ordering 3-4 times a week), I will point out the pros and cons of brandywine.  Obviously keep in mind, being lazy there is the huge convenience factor of not having to go out in the cold or cook so I will give a fair review. 
Pros: 
-exceptionally quick delivery (Grubhub predicted 55-70 minutes and it was there in maybe 40 minutes max.) 
-open later than other places in the no libs/fishtown area.
-run a ton of great specials (free 2 liter with orders over $30, free small pizza with orders over $35 plus other combo specials) 
-delivery fees was low and the overall menu prices are great.
-Who else do you know that delivers banana splits or ice cream sundaes, I can't think of anyone!
Cons:
-the food was mediocre at best 
Pizza
The pizza was decent, I had gotten a small, so kind of tasted like the personal digornio pizza's but ample cheese, sauce, crust ratio. Plus they have the garlic butter dipping sauce papa johns has so that obviously made the pizza more enjoyable.  
Chicken Wings
I will personally never order these again. They run them for a Monday special so I don't know if they use all of the smallest ones for the special only or not but they were the tiniest, skinniest chicken wings I have ever seen in my life. Ordered a 20 piece and definitely wasn't enough food for 2 people. Coating and fried okay. 
Salad
The salad was probably the best thing that I ordered. The veggies were fresh. (romaine, green pepper slices, tomatoes, red onion. They offer additions for $1 plus or more but in my opinion not worth it. (2 meesly slivers-i usually mush the avocado up with the ranch to make an avocado ranch and definitely wasn't enough to do that plus it was like $1.30, not worth it.) The homemade ranch was delicious though. Comes with a nice hunk of garlic bread. I've also only ever gotten the buffalo shrimp salad also not worth it, only comes with 3 grilled shrimp with buffalo sauce on them.
Cheesesteaks
Cheesesteaks are pretty decent, reminds me of your typical philly cheesesteak with provolone. Nothing crazy good but not bad by any means. However my fiancee got their specialty cheesesteak with the peppers, onions, sauce and cheese and it was way better than mine, will get that next time.
Overall the food arrived quick and was still warm upon arrival and is convenient so that's why I give them a 3/5.Ordered pizza through Eat24 for delivery. The driver left the pizza at the front desk of the wrong hotel and proceeded to argue with us that we gave him the wrong address. He just left it there without waiting for us to come meet him to get it... Which would have gave him a clue he was in the wrong place. He went back and got the pizza to us 30 minutes later after we placed an order with dominos..  At least the pizza didn't taste bad.I stopped in and grabbed a slice and wow, it was HORRIBLE...Makes Elios Pizza seem Italian...I actually asked them if they had a Tombstone lying around that they could throw in....Needless to say they didn't get the joke or understand the joke..
The crust is frozen pizza...The gravy is Ketchup and the cheese might have been a pollio strong cheese chopped up in the back.  If you've ever seen Cheech and Chong's Nice Dreams, where the Biker grabs a slice from the delivery guy out the box , starts to eat and then spits it out on the floor...That bad.Overpriced, undervalue, overall- not good. 
Wanted to try somewhere new in the neighborhood where I work, as we don't have many options.  Ordered this 'small' pizza' for $12.95, thinking it would be a little bigger.  It had 10 dabbles of thinly 'fresh mozzerella't, some sort of jarred sauce, and dough/crust was not fresh. 
When I walked into the shop, it smelled of cat urine or something. The cashier was nice enough, but I hate to say I won't be going back.Yeah, so the menu claims that their margherita pizza features "vine-ripened tomatoes," but fails to mention that those tomatoes were vine ripened a year ago and condensed down into tomato paste, because that's what you get.  Very disappointing.In a winter wonderland, when other places were closed and the landscape seemed bleak, Brandywine stayed open.
I ordered a cheeseburger hoagie that saved my life. The beef was way well done, but still tasty great. The lettuce tomato and onion were all fresh considering the snow storm. 
My friend had a pepperoni stromboli that was pretty darn big but also super greasy. 
In all, 4 of us ordered food and it was only 31 bucks. My hoagie was only $6.50. Pretty solid. I'd order from them again.Spring Garden, Philly
Thin crust pizza here with surprisingly good sauce. It is just hidden because it is not directly on Spring Garden Street. That's okay, more for the rest of us who find this spot! hahhaaOur food was a half hour later than the original estimate, granted we received an update, but 1:40 was a long time to wait for a delivery. 
The food was cold on arrival.
The side salad was small and the lettuce was oxidizing.
The fried chicken was over breaded and over cooked.
The broccoli was not trimmed and had oxidized also.
The pizza, my hubster stated, was better than chains.
I do give them this, unlike a lot of places, the food was not over saturated in salt. This is a big deal, I hate eating delivered food then feeling like A gallon of water is not enough.Walked in for a lunchtime slice (to go, definitely to go - people!) today.  Got a mushroom slice for $2.00 even and walked in and out.
Ate the cheese-coated slice (not greasy though - bonus) with a very fresh crust, - at my desk.  The crust was definitely the best part - I was able to eat all of the crust and not throw it away as I often do.  It was medium thick (not too thick) doughy but COOKED and not at all burnt.  Nice crust, Brandywine!
Now I need a nippy-nap.
I feel carbed out!  Sorry, Brandywine - but I'm sticking with John's Place (no slices there, though - only Red-Sauce veggie pies for me.)
I would definitely consider ordering a take-out pie from Brandywine in the future.
Oh - and the service I got was fine. A nice hispanic?? lady was behind the counter and 2 guys were cooking in the back.
And in case you care, they sell Red Bull.The delivery was delicious and fast. We got a crispy chicken salad, fries and a chicken/bacon/avo panini (no mayo, of course). Now, while the food was great, I really can't justify the price: $40 + tip (the panini comes with a side - try the curly fries. So good!)Have ordered delivery a few times from here. Delivery time is very inconsistent. First delivery was quick second one took well over and hour. The food is meh at best . Burger is horrible , over cooked and zero taste . Wings are fried to near death . I like em crispy , but these are cooked to dust lol. Bottom line is this should be a last resort type joint . If you have another option , definitely take it lol.. I really hope
I don't have to order from here again.I ordered two small sides from here last night. It took 75 minutes for them to deliver my food! This was a Thursday night, I'd understand more if it was a Friday or Saturday. I think it's outrageous. Furthermore, when I got my sweet potato fries, they were so soggy and bland that they were literally inedible. Trust me, I don't pass up sweet potato fries very often. I would never order from here again.This is a great place for late orders. They stay open until 2am. Many different things to choose from. I usually order chicken platter and potato wedges. It hits the spot every time. I also order cheesesteak pizza steak pizza and they are very good. I even tried a buffalo quesadilla from here and it was better than expected. I only eat quesadilla from Qdoba.LOVE Brandywine. As a Temple student, it's great that they pretty much have every type of food your heart could desire and there's only an $8.00 minimum for delivery. I've never been disappointed with their food...TRY their buffalo chicken cheese steak, literally the best I've ever had. I also frequently get their greek omelet in the morning after a rough night. The only reason I won't give 5 stars is simply because from time to time, it takes forever for the delivery to get here, but honestly...it's worth the wait!Always on time and everything we've had from Brandywine has been really good. I recommend both the chicken avocado panani and the Philly traditional pizza.Don't never ever order SEAFOOD ALFREDO on Grub Hub!!!! First of all, it costs $18.99 on grub hub  while it only costs $13.99 on the Togo menu. The most importantly is the shrimp and scallop , they're like super mini version( smaller than my pinky nail, not kidding ) !! Also, the whole thing really just taste like hot milk !!! I mean $19, I can get a really nice Alfredo in any restaurant in center city. This sh*t not only didn't satisfied me but also ruin my dinner !!When I moved to Fairmount in July, Brandywine Pizza was the first place I ordered delivery from. I knew nothing about this establishment other than the fact that at this point in time, their menu was the first and only to be so elegantly thrown through the mail slot of my apartment door. Being fresh to the area, I knew little to nothing about the local dining scene, so I figured I'd give it a shot. I digress. 
I'm not going to say I was ready to start eating my hand off, but the delivery did take significantly longer than it should have, considering how close in proximity I am to the restaurant and how small/simple my order was. I ordered what I'd regularly order at any reasonably priced delivery joint: an Antipasto salad (with no anchovies/sardines or tuna salad) and a buffalo chicken wrap. Nothing wild. 
While ordering, I made it a point to stress my salad specifications. There is one thing in this world that I will not eat under any circumstances, and it's sardines/anchovies. I really have nothing against tuna salad, I just prefer not to consume fast food restaurant tuna salad, assuming it's been pre-made and it's more than likely substandard. My request was completely ignored; the salad contained both anchovies and tuna salad. I was really grossed out and therefore held zero interest in eating the salad, even after removing the items myself. I gave it a shot anyway because I was on the brink of emaciation in a completely empty apartment with a completely empty refrigerator. The whole salad just tasted like fish. Every part of it. Also, the lettuce must have been washed immediately prior to the construction of the salad which I appreciated, but it hadn't been rinsed/dried/spun, therefore everything in the salad was just completely wet. Completely wet and completely fishy. Yum.
The buffalo chicken wrap was humongous, which I also appreciated. However, covered in grease. CO-VERED. Given the greasiness, I'd assume breaded/fried pieces of chicken. Nope, grilled... could have been sauteed, I couldn't say for sure because it didn't really taste like anything. I was disappointed but I got past it and took a bite. Somehow the chicken was just as wet as the salad, and it wasn't wet with buffalo sauce. It was disgusting. And I don't say that, I'm not a picky eater, but I couldn't even suck it up and eat it. Also, the lettuce and tomatoes inside the wrap looked and tasted like they had been sitting in the bottom of a wet garbage can. Surprise, more wetness. The wrap came with curly fries, which is the last thing I attempted to eat. Oh wait, they're wet too. And it wasn't from condensation building up from hot food/steam trapped within the packaging, because the food wasn't hot. 
Save your money. Wait for a rainy day and hope one of the neighbors has a newspaper subscription if you don't, because you're better off eating that. A wet newspaper.Delivery was reasonable for a small pie and a chicken wrap.  The pizza was pretty good considering some of the competition in the area.  The wrap was grilled (not noted on the menu) and was cold by the time it arrived so the vegetables were soggy.  The pizza was hand tossed thin without being crispy thin crust and had decent flavor.The food is good and cheap but the service is absolutely horrible. I waited over 2 hours for a small delivery and when the driver finally arrived he didn't even have my entire order. I had to wait for another driver to come with the rest of my food and by then it was cold. Save yourself the hassle and order somewhere else that provide quality customer service.I don't know how people can say the pizza here is good.  I gave it a chance twice and I wasn't impressed either time.  It looks like Ellios pizza but doesn't taste nearly as good.  As for the location, it's located next to an abandoned house and across from Benjamin Franklin High School.  Inside is pretty run down, I wouldn't recommend eating in.  Overall I wasn't impressed, there are many better choices in the area.Great service, very friendly. Mike is cool dude. Food was amazing. The Buffalo Parm wings were on point!!! A must to stop by everytime I'm in Philly. Wish they were in Cleveland, Ohio.I know this is a pizza place and I ordered a tuna club which comes with pickles, coleslaw and a side.  I got french fries.  Perhaps they have amazing pizza.  I don't know and maybe one day I will find out, but not any time soon.  
Before I really begin, a word about their delivery.  It was an EXCELLENT experience.  It is cheap and quick  and FRIENDLY, which is helpful and rare.  So kudos on the delivery guy.
Maybe I am wrong in this, but I thought a club was cut into neat little triangles and that a tuna club was served with sliced egg.  Not here, evidently.  This was just a sandwich with a piece of bread in the middle.  Tuna, lettuce and tomato.  That was the first disappointment.  
The tuna itself is awful.  It looked like it might be good because ti had celery in it but not, it was just awful.  I ate only half of the sandwich because I was super hungry (this is what happens when you eat lunch at 3) but it is not anything I would want to try again.  The lettuce and tomato were good, though.
The fries were blander than bland and over cooked so not even ketchup helped.  Perhaps I could have added salt but didn't think of it until now because I was too busy being upset.
Like I said, maybe this is a great pizza joint but I wouldn't recommend the tuna or fries and fries are kind of central to pizza places, if you ask me, which, because you're reading this, you did :)I ordered a buffalo chicken pizza from here. It was ok. They serve the pizza with garlic sauce and blue cheese. It was a bit greasy btut not too bad. Had real large chunks of chicken in it, but the taste was just mediocre. The bleu cheese was also a bit off, it was really thick, which kind of grossed me out. Overall, not much taste and won't order again.Went here for lunch today with a coworker. I should've taken note of the displeased faces of the three patrons sitting doing nothing..30 minutes after we ordered (I got a quesadilla she got a burger) we started looking at the clock nervously. 15 minutes later when our food STILL wasn't done, I left her there, while my fingers were ITCHING to get on yelp and voice my displeasure. So our food was done in an hour, and as I angrily bit into my quesadilla...all was forgotten. Am I being dramatic? I dunno but everything was delicious! By far the best I've had in this area. Points off for being a tad bit to greasy, and for pissing away 45 minutes of my lunch hour without warning me first. Next time I'll have them deliver and THEY can wait on ME to come down and pick it up.I tried their pizza for the first time last night, the pizza is average. Not sub par but not great. They would have gotten a higher rating if the delivery didn't take an ENTIRE HOUR to get here. I had to call twice to see what was going on. The pizza was ok but I'm not sure if that's because I was ravenous by the time it came. I got my Pizza with green peppers, onions, and sausage. One plus: their sausage topping is good, it's a crumbled sausage not slices of big round sausage but again, they didn't put enough. My pizza was overrun by the fried onions.Biggest Rip off in the city!  Horrible Horrible Criminal!  I almost called the cops.Oh, Brandywine Pizza... you are the bane of my existence.
Their pizza is really good -- one of the few places around that actually makes a really good crust. They also have your regular pizza shop "others" -- salads, hoagies, calzones, chicken platters, etc. 
I come here time and time again because it's basically in my backyard. My only problem with the place is the staff -- while the guy who seems to be the owner is VERY quiet and friendly and seems to remember you after you've been in a few times, the rest of the staff is simply creepy. They go through counter girls like a fat kid goes through his birthday cake, and the drivers mostly just sit around and stare at you the entire time you're in there. So, good for take out, but don't plan on eating there unless you enjoy an audience.Best buffalo chicken wrap I ever had, amazing customer service, you won't be disappointed by the service & the food quality, not to mention the very reasonable prices, great place, fast delivery.Overall my go-to for local pizza. I don't recall them being overly pricey and ordering for pick up was easy-peasy on the phone. Never tried their cheese steaks so I'll update once I do.Seriously, this is the best pizza joint in the neighborhood. Don't let the look of the building outside fool you.
Their Greek Salad is THE BEST I've ever ordered from a pizza place in Philly. They send it to you complete with Greek olives and SARDINES/ANCHOVY. Not many places go that extra step for authenticity,
Their Steak Royale-- sort of a baked pizza steak-- is delicious and filling.
The buffalo chicken sandwich/hoagie is tasty as well.DO NOT ORDER WITH THIS RESTAURANT THROUGH EAT24 / YELP ORDERING.
I placed an order, got charged, was told 70-80 minutes (which is alredy a long time).
After 120 minutes... no food.
I contacted Eat24/Yelp support... and they said they couldn't reach the restaurant, but that the delivery *must* be on its way.
Nope.  Another half hour of waiting... nothing.
So this restaurant took the order, confirmed the order, CHARGED ME, and never showed up.
Hey Yelp... get this joint off your order service.  This reflects poorly on you, too.
If this damn place had declined the order in the first place, I could have ordered from somewhere else.  But after waiting TWO HOURS with NO CALL and NO FOOD... everything else is closed.
Nice business, you schmucks.
PS - I happened to notice many of the positive reviews posted here have a very similar writing structure.  They also all seem to refute complaints in other reviews.  Just sayin'.Margarita square pie= AMAZING... bus I ordered nachos today with steak and it was awful lol just cheese, tostitos chips and hardly any steak for 12$. Just save your money. I'd be nice if they added lettuce, tomato and some sort of pepper. But they don't lol. Just order nachos from a Mexican placeOrdered from Brandywine the other night, the food took so long. They told us it would be at my house in 45 min and it took 80 minutes. The guy on the phone was super helpful and nice, so that made up for the long wait. So the customer service was actually good, they just need to work on their timing. Other than that the food was good. We ordered wings, pizza,& cesar salad and there were no complaints.The wings were small, but tasted fine.  Pizza was marginal at best.  Delivery was relatively timely.  They charged me $250 instead of $25 which is a bit frustrating, but they did correct it.  There are too many better pizza joints to order from these guys again.This place was very disappointing. Was told there would be a 30 minute wait, so I arrived there 40 minutes later and was told 3 consecutive times it would be "another 10 minutes" 40 minutes later I get my food. Total wait time, if you're bad at mental math, 1 hour 20 mins. I'm not an important person per se but I like to think my time is valuable. Now if the pizza had been edible or even what I had ordered, I call it a night and just say "sometimes pizza places get busy" but this was just a terrible experience all around. I blame myself for getting pizza at 1am and choosing a place that had 3 stars but at that time of night I guess I only make bad decisions. So I'm just here to tell you that you're making a mistake if you come here at night.Aye I'm not even from round here, they're pizza is trash. Like something you'd get from 7/11. Please don't buy the food, just order somewhere else. Took like 2 hours to get here and it's certainly not worth itThis review is based on two orders, both pickup so I can't comment on delivery.  I just moved in across the street and had yet to buy groceries to make food so Brandywine was convenient. First night went in and ordered a special steak calzone, which was recommended as one of the most popular calzones they offer.  Took it home and it was great.  Next morning went back and ordered a Meat Lovers omelet.  Again it was really good.  I'd give the food 4 stars but the food is expensive for what it is so I brought it down to 3.  Staff was friendly so I'll go back in the future.never been disappointed. one of the best pizza places around. try their salads, always fresh, and their gyros are delicious.If zero stars were possible, that's what I'd give them. 
First experience: pizza was barely cooked, and cold when it got here, the cheesesteak meat was chewy and fatty, and did not have the right toppings. Everything was so overpriced and not at all worth it. 
After the first crappy experience I wasn't going to ever try again but I figured I'd try other food items, cause you can't screw up fried food right? 
Wrong
I tried to place an online order only to get a pop up saying they are no longer accepting orders, so I call the restaurant directly and the guy who answers tells me to try again, so I do, credit card gets charged 50 some dollars and 15 minutes later I get a call from the site I ordered through that the owner is too understaffed and they can't accommodate my order. Now there is a 50 dollar hold on my account. 
Here's a tip for the owner: don't stay open late night if you can't properly staff your establishment. 
A tip for people ordering late night: don't, they are just going to take money from your card and leave you hungry.My family and I asked the front desk of our hotel for a highly recommended pizza place that delivers. The hotel (remaining nameless) suggested Brandywine and i have to say it was awful. They gave us an estimate of 60 to 90 minutes for delivery. It got there in about 45 and was cold. Not to mention it was undercooked while being overcooked. Almost like they were rushing to get it done and over to us. This was only around 7pm so i cant imagine that they were in a rush to close their doors. Very unhappy over their service and will east anyone else's pizza before eating theirs.Three words: Santa. Fe. Pizza.
You're welcome.I am very upset about the service I received at Brandywine. I bet my boyfriend dinner that he couldn't make a ridiculous pool basketball trick shot . He obviously made it because he's a bucket getter. Kinda why I date him. We ordered Brandywine via Grubhub, the order went through, we were charged and then we waited for an hour and a half before realizing the place was closed the whole time. Almost as unbelievable as the shot he made to begin the entire ordeal!!The Sicilian pie was really 1 or 2 stars. But I'll give this place 3 stars for the quick delivery, chicken fingers, and waffle fries.
---------------------
Another day, another pizza joint to try. This time around, the GF and I hopped on Grubhub and settled on Brandywine Pizza.
Chicken Tender ($7.75)
The GF was in the mood for chicken tenders and Brandywine Pizza was on point with fairly standard, yet effective ones. Crispy and moist, these hit the spot. The accompanying sweet honey mustard was a nice complement. They also came with crispy waffle fries that were great.
Cheeseburger Platter ($9.75)
We were also in a burger-kind of mood so decided to try their cheeseburger platter. The burger was decent and came on a seeded bun - nothing special, but not that bad either. These came with waffles fries as well and a pat of mayo-based cole slaw.
Sicilian Pizza ($15.95)
And of course, the raison d'etre (at least for me). I was in the mood for Sicilian, but unfortunately Brandywine Pizza's iteration was lacking. The dough was incredibly dry and likely frozen. There was lots of cheese and marinara, but was the type that falls completely off the pizza. Sicilians should be airy, almost foccacia-like. This was the opposite unfortunately.
The one thing about Brandywine Pizza is that their delivery service is pretty quick. Pro-tip: orders above $30 come with a free two-liter and those above $35 come with a free small pizza (though likely made from the same frozen dough as the Sicilian). You had to mention it when you order though. I don't know if I'll try Brandywine Pizza's pizza again, but chicken tenders and waffle fries? Done.I ordered from them at home. Took 1 hour and 30 mins at 2 am. The absolutely most disgusting food I have ever eaten in my life. Couldn't go through half the burger. The order was wrong to start with, and the burger looked hideous. Never ordering from them again or ever stopping there.Horrible they gave us large cheese because they told us they didn't carry supreme but not until after they already dropped it off. 42$ for a pizza not ordered a couple wings and some garlic knots LOLFood is trash. Service is trash. Literally the worst place in philly. BUT good hours if you're wasted and don't care. Probably the only reason they stay openWorst pizza ever!  I was working from home and too busy to cook.  I have lived in the neighborhood for a couple of years and this was one of several pizza places I haven't tried so I gave it a shot.  Needless to say I was disappointed.  The crust is thick and tasteless.  The cheese was rubbery.  They responded to my request for extra sauce by giving me no sauce at all.  Given the rest of the ingredients this may have been a good thing.  I think they also coat the whole thing with garlic butter??  Who puts butter on something already covered with cheese?  The only thing that pizza would be good for is getting rid of unwanted guests.Delivery took almost 2 hours and when it arrived, half of the food was missing. The manager was rude and told me to "fuck off" when I called asking to be refunded. So disrespectful. I really wanted wings. This place stinks!!!!!!If you like paying obscene prices for the blandest food, this'll hit the spot. Fries were good.Worst pizza I've had in Philly. If you're having it delivered, double the estimated time for the food preparation. The pasta seemed like it was a microwaved a frozen dinner. Mozzarella sticks are more fried than cheese, and the cheese barely tastes like cheese. Chicken wings were very overcooked.wow, wow, wow. What a disappointment. We ordered our meal on a week night and were told it would take 30-40 minutes. Over an hour and twenty minutes later, our meal arrived but was missing three items- totally $20 of our $43 order. When we called to discuss this, the manager told us they could deliver tomorrow??? They wouldn't refund us because we paid cash. It was honestly a bizarre situation. I honestly feel bad for the driver, it was his first night, he did everything to resolve the situri The manager told us we were "fucking" awful.The WORST experience of my life. They took over an hour to deliver my food on a Thursday night. We called to complain and they said they could deliver it the next day if we wanted it. THE NEXT DAY?! You're out of your mind. I would rather feed my children food out of a trash can than ever give them my money again. DO NOT GO HERE. You might as well order from DominosThe wings, salad and garlic bread was excellent but the fettuccine alfredo  really needed some salt and a better alfredo sauce. I thought this was an Italian Restaurant. Grant it, fettuccine is an American Italian dish but damn it was terribleFUCKINNGGG DELICCIOUUSSSS... Ordered the Chicken supreme wrap or something, added honey mustard and had a mouth orgasm. CAN NOT GO WRONG. Amazing. I love you.