One star because of the experience (which I'll get into in a second, believe me you want to keep reading) TL;DR, this place BRUTALLY killed a MOUSE in front of my friends and me (using 3 different methods - fire, stomping, whacking with a broom)
Would have been a 2 stars regardless because of the food. 
#1 red flag was the fact that it was cash only bc the credit card machine was being 'shipped' from California, ok fine bc it had at atm machine there. 
#2 was when we asked about the Unagi vs fresh water eel don, the waiter said the menu is messed up but they're actually the same item (?) the Chinese translation definitely wasn't the same and they're very different types of fishes. 
#3 we asked for the ginger milk tea and was told we could get 30% sweet but then the waiter comes back and says they can't do it bc they use a ginger sugar (lol, ok) 
#4 they asked if we needed our tea pot to be refilled and we said yes but the waiter took it away and never came back with it until we asked multiple times.
ANYWAYS, with all of that said, the food just wasn't good, I had one piece of the eel and stopped eating and chucked it. The chirashi was just ok as well as the Taiwanese chicken. The calamari was too breaded and couldn't taste the squid inside, the rolls were too small and the waffle with green tea wasn't good. My friends and I really have NOTHING good to say about the place despite us going over the food/any redeeming factors over and over.
Now to the finale, this is what happened:
1) Friend notices a mouse in little space between outside and inside door 
2) We get grossed out but took a picture of it and immediately notified the management 
3) Management came over to take a look and ignored it for a good ten mins
4) Some bald guy goes outside with an iPhone (for light) and a FLAME THROWER (the kind you use to melt the top of creme brulee and tries to burn the poor mouse (WHY COULDNT YOU JUST USE A BROOM TO SHOO IT OUT as the first solution instead of trying to light it up?!) 
5) Man lights up the mouse's tail but mouse is too scared to leave (duh)
6) Man opens up the door and starts to use a broom and mouse runs back and forth and doesn't go outside bc it's hiding behind the ATM machine
7) Another guy comes out with a broom and tries to shoo it out and still it's not budging.
8) Finally mouse runs and the bald man traps it in the corner with his foot. Then he STOMPS ON IT 3x!!!!!! Instead of holding it with foot and just shoo it with the broom bc he was so pissed.
9) We record all of this and get super grossed out and sad that we thought they killed this little animal unnecessarily
BUT THERE IS A TWIST AND IT GETS WORSE.
10) Other man tries to sweep mouse out to street and mouse starts trying to run bc it turns out that the mouse was only seriously injured and not dead
11) THE MOUSE IS LITERALLY ON THE STREETS ALREADY, the bald man chases after it and whacks it repeatedly AS HARD AS HE CAN until it's dead.
12) The mouse is dead with its guts on the street now and he sweeps it to the mounds of garbage bags. PURE Brutality? I'm not a mouse lover but this story sounds pretty shitty, right?
HEY BUT GUESS WHAT THE STORY DOESNT END HERE.
13) The second man comes into the restaurant and has the NERVE to come over to us and says VERBATIM 'hey, the mouse came from the outside, not the inside. I saw you recording, can you delete...'
I CUT HIM OFF right away. I said also verbatim 'what's on our phones is our property and we will do what we wish with it, please give us the check'
Ok #1 what makes you think you don't need to apologize for us witnessing all of that? #2 why do you think you can ask us to delete our videos and pictures?! Doesn't even make sense!!!
THEN ON TOP OF ALL OF THIS, they gave us a measly 10% off our bill thinking it'd be ok. We aren't asking for a free meal nor did we ask for any of this but if you're gonna comp anything, 10% is nothing. Please. A measly small apology when we were still at the restaurant before we just left.
I posted all the pics/videos as soon as we walked out  and have gotten an email from the owner. My friends and I have discussed at full length (like actually 1+ hour) on what to do and we decided that it was best to let the Yelp community what happened. It made us super sick, disgusted, and really upset after we left because of what we saw. Definitely one of the worse restaurant experiences we've all ever encountered. Not ok.They've absolutely improved in the last year.  They have an official website now!  The fish was super fresh, the chirashi bowl was delicious and well worth it (12-13 pieces of sashimi), tuna princess roll was delicious and well done!  I do agree with most people that their teas are sweeter than expected so I went with 50% sugar and it was perfect for me (side note: I don't like sweets too much, so it may depend on how much sugar you like).  Definitely our new place close by for sushi!We were so excited when "A" brought this little diamond in the [extreme] rough to our attention. Our mouths watered all day at pictures of Instagram-Worthy drinks and beautifully plated sushi. Alas, we couldn't control ourselves and set out to Bubblefish. 
Unfortunately, it was not quite the experience that we anticipated. Bubble fish is either understaffed, under-experienced, or some combo of the two which left service to suffer. 
Judging by other reviews, we can assume that the service is much better when they're less busy. 
Chinatown is becoming an increasingly popular area for weekend nightlife, so if they wish to compete with the Dim Sum Garden's and Banana Leaf's of the world, they're going to have to get it together when things get a little busy. Lucky for them, their drinks, sushi, and young, hip atmosphere give Bubblefish a fighting chance. 
**note: CASH ONLY**
Overall Ratings (1-5)
Service  1
Ambiance  3
Specialty Rolls  5
Drinks 4
Onigiri  3
Taiwanese Salted Chicken  1
Experience  3
CONs
1) We didn't get water until at least 30 minutes after being seated despite multiple attempts. 
A manager (such a sweetheart) hinted to a shortage of glasses so at least it wasn't a result of poor customer service. 
2) Our 'Taiwanese Salted Chicken' was a tad suspect... It seemed a bit dark. We weren't sure if it was supposed to be dark or the result of old oil. However, more alarming than the color was the texture of the chicken. The internal temperature was about 10 lucky seconds past salmonella paranoia-- a bit gamey to say the least. It reminded us of $5 General Tsos from the local Panda Express, minus the Tso Sauce. 
3) The staff seemed a bit disorganized and may want to consider investing in an electronic reservation system so that each server knows exactly what tables are theirs to focus on. Openable is absurdly expensive but management should totally check out SeatMe by Yelp!
4) Our server (at least we think she was our server ... it wasn't very clear) came to our table TWICE within our brutally long, 2.5 hour dine-- once to take our orders and once to collect her tips. "J" was certainly not her biggest fan; although, to giver her the benefit of the doubt, she didn't seem all that experienced. Either that or she just sucked?
5) They don't have enough seating for groups of 5 or more, so things were a bit cramped. Our 5 person party was placed at a table that was definitely made for 3-- 4 if you're lucky. 
PROs
1) The sushi was pretty darn good-- our favorite being the Bubblefish Roll. The price and the portions were perfect for 5 greedy, broke college students. There wasn't too much rice, and they really loaded on the fresh fish! 
2) The drinks were sooo yummy!! They measure up to the pictures in every way. 
3) Our subpar service was not overlooked by one employee in particular. We think she may have been a manager or the owner. She gave us a sincerely warm apology without us having to bring anything to the staff's attention.Hands down my favorite spot in Center City for sushi rolls! The rolls are on the generous side portion wise and the ingredients always taste fresh. Now if only they could steal the Tuna Dumplings recipe from Vic sushi and I'd bump this up to a 5 :)It's my favorite sushi restaurant because it's pretty cheap but also really delicious. I recommended to people if you're not sure where to go.I strongly recommend this place to everyone! Very comfortable atmosphere, delicious food, and reasonable prices! 
It's a great place to hang out with friends/family. 
Upon request, they have a separate  room that can accommodate private parties!
I gave this restaurant five stars because not only is the food amazing, but you can tell that they are really putting in the effort to please the customers as I have found a lot of restaurants don't care nearly as much. 
I have been there several times since their grand opening just a few months ago. 
I highly recommend ordering the Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup. It tastes amazing and it's not as salty as most can be.  
Absolutely you should try their Bubble teas, the sweetened just perfect for me , not like other bubble tea stores that I have always to ask 50% less of sugar . especially sea salt froth green tea with Oreo Crumb on top that you must try.
I also love their sushi. It's very fresh and not many places can say the same!  Trust me on this review!  You will NOT be disappointed!First time came here i fall in love, best restaurant at chinatown. Sushi was great, fish are fresh and always have special fish every weeks,such as fresh oyster and live uni. Have lot of choice of bubble tea. Compare all the bubble tea house at chinatown, have alot of option that cant make u boring everytime u come here.I visit Chinatown frequently and try to look for new places to eat. Bubble fish has been open for a bit so my husband and I decided to try it this go around. We had a few questions on the menu since it was our first time. When we asked our waitress about some of the items she answered with one word without any details to help us make a decision.  
We ordered the Taiwanese crispy chicken which was ok. The seasoning was not mixed very well. You could see loads of seasoning on one piece of chicken but then none on the other. My husband had also ordered the honeydew milk tea since the restaurant is known for its teas. It was chalky and lukewarm, not iced, so it definitely didn't live up to its hype.  We ordered three sushi rolls and they were all mediocre. The rice was mushy which made the entire sushi piece mushy when eating it. 
Our waitress also consistently reached over us to grab items like our menus, plates, etc and never asked us how we were doing. And because she never came to check to see how we were doing, we went to pay at the register. Unfortunately, the workers at the register were distracted by talking about other customers that it took a long time to get their attention so we could pay. 
Overall, we were not impressed and disappointed that we weren't able to experience what gives this place its ratings.Memorable place. Love it. I had lunch there with a lovely girl, I enjoyed the meal. The food were served in a sufficient amount. And food was lovely, too.One word - underrated. Sure, the spotlight outside might be trying to attract attention, but for me, it was a calling. Overall, this is a chic and casual japanese restaurant with comfortable seating, upbeat and sick music, an impressive menu, and late hours (open till midnight, 1 AM on weekends). 
Let's start with the drinks. There are various "bubblefish specials", from which I tried the lavender oolong milk tea. It was delicious, substantial, and the boba was soft and chewy. They also use lactaid milk for their drinks (shout out to all the lactose-intolerant peeps). There are at least 3 pages of drink options to choose from, ranging from oolong teas, black teas, green teas, hot teas, juices, milk shakes, and smoothies. While it was just my first outing, looking at the other drinks from surrounding tables, I was tempted to order more...
For food, I tried the tonkotsu don, taiwanese beef noodle soup, and a couple of specialty sushi rolls. The tonkotsu don is a helluva dish - you get a big pork cutlet katsu (perfectly crunchy on the outside with juicy meat) upon a bed of white rice sitting in a castiron. Great value meal at $12 and filling. The beef noodle soup was rich and had great flavor. However, they use thin beef slices (which were kind of tough) instead of the traditional beef chunk cubes. The signature sushi rolls have plenty of flavor, mainly because they often come with tempura, some avocado or fruit, and a miso or spicy mayo sauce. 
Of note, they also have "Bubblefish boxes" (around $13-14), which come with a protein teriyaki of your choice, with california roll, shrimp and vegetable tempura, vegetables, and rice. I saw a few tables that ordered these boxes, and they looked massive!
I would definitely check this place out, there is bound to be something on the menu to make a great meal for anyone!FYI: Not really a tip but shout out to their interior designer. The aesthetics of the place are amazing.
WHAT WE GOT: salmon tacos, miso salmon, sushi/sashimi platter for one
PROS: Their food is absolutely delicious. I'm a huge fan of the miso salmon combination platter I ordered, which came with this side of stir fried veggies. Everything was seasoned beautifully and cooked really nicely as well. The flavors really complimented the salmon, which by the way, was absolutely amazing. The fish was still moist and retained so much of the soy-miso glaze they put on it. The whole dish was the perfect balance of sweet and savory on a bed of rice. My sister also loved her sushi platter. The presentation was gorgeous and the fish that I got to taste (salmon and yellow tail) were both incredibly fresh.
CONS: Our waitress was super nice and friendly but after we were done our food, we literally sat there waiting a solid 20 minutes before we even flagged someone down to bring us the check. Then it seemed like all of a sudden, our table didn't exist and no one would come and take the check back with my card to pay for the food. Like I made eye contact with our waitress TWICE and watched her meander around at the front by the cash register but she never showed up at our table again. Again, I had to flag someone else down to pay for the food. Like lady...you're not done with your table until they get up and leave the restaurant. Don't be standin there talkin to people when your customers are trying to pay.We came here tonight for dinner - was pleased by the food but not the service.   We ordered appetizer, an onigiri (rice ball) for daughter and couple of rolls for us.  I had asked the waitress to please not add any sauce or bonito flakes on the rice ball since it's for our 3 year old and instead just have a tiny bit of the sauce on the side.  She actually said that would cost us extra! And when my shrimp tempura roll came, it barely had any sauce on it.  When I pointed it out and requested for a little bit more, instead of giving me a little dipping sauce on the side like more places do, she asked to take my plate and brought out it to get tiny bit more sauce. 
Overall the place had great food and ambience. But come on, don't be so stingy with the sauces!We came in at 7PM on a Friday and the place wasn't as packed as I thought. The prices were pretty reasonable for sushi for dinner time. 
We ordered Marilyn Monroll, TGI Fresh Roll, Bubble Fish Roll, and the Salmon Poke bowl. What didn't do it for me was the salmon poke because I didn't expect the sudden sourness from the overzealous use of lemons. 
I would definitely come back but maybe not for the poke this time.I had a really bad experience coming here this past week. My friends and I came here to get some late night grub on a wed night around 930pm. Chinatown places are usually the only places open later on weekdays. 
We were seated by the window and asked the waiter if they took credit card. He said it was cash only because their credit card machine wasn't set up yet. So remember cash only for now. They have an atm machine though in case you need it. We ordered a decent amount of food for the group of 4 ppl we had. I got the fried calamari ($7ish) and chirashi (sashimi over rice)- $16. This place is probably on the pricier side for chinatown but since I got sashimi I'm not really complaining about that. The food wasn't that great- the fried calamari didn't really have any flavor. The chirashi had like 3 pieces of a couple different fishes and was average. After we were done eating the waiter asked us if we wanted more tea. We said yes but then he never came back and we had to ask someone else to get us more tea. At this point I would say I would have given this place between 2-3 stars.
Now the nightmare begins...my friend sees a mouse run into the restaurant from outside. The mouse runs inside between the two entrance doors. It's basically trapped between the two doors running around. Now I know the mouse didn't come from inside because it ran from the trash outside. I'm not saying the restaurant isn't clean because it seemed like it was. The way they handled the mouse situation was a bit appalling. We saw the mouse and mentioned it to the staff who didn't really do anything about it initially. They just stood around while the mouse ran around in between the doors- it was pretty gross. My friend took a picture and that's when they started doing something about it. It was super gross like I don't understand why they didn't do anything about it when we mentioned it because customers have to walk out of those doors to exit...
The one guy comes to try to get the mouse outside but to no avail. That's when he started using a mini flame thrower...I felt like the mouse's tail caught on fire....it was insane. I feel like they could have just used a broom and shooed it outside. So the first guy uses a flame thrower then the 2nd guy traps it with a broom against the wall. First guy then proceeds to stomp on the mouse against the wall. The windows are clear so you can see everything by the way. They finally manage to get the mouse outside ( I think it was kind of still alive but hurt); however they then proceed to kill it outside. It was pretty horrifying. I think they could have really handled it in a different way so customers didn't see the whole fiasco. 
At this point one of the guys comes over and says sorry but wants us to delete any recordings we have of the mouse. I'm pretty sure he only said sorry cuz he thought that would get us to delete the picture we had. Strange.....I would have just apologized and comped the meal. They gave us 10% off the bill which really didn't compensate for what just transpired. 
We were pretty grossed out leaving the place and I just felt like it was REALLY TRAUMATIZING. We didn't need to see that kind of brutality...flame thrower really....
Mouse incident aside...the food isn't that great either especially for the prices.This is located on the border of Chinatown and Jefferson station. Best sushi place I've been to in Philly! The employees are all very friendly. The setting is so modern and nice, while the seating makes dinner so cozy. Sushi is decent priced and fish is fresh. The quality of rice is perfect. Will definitely come here again!GoodTaiwanese beef noodle soup - very flavorful and at a great price! The chirashi bowl was also delicious, especially the rice.Food was good, but service was extremely slow, especially considering how little we ordered--5 rolls of the cheapest sushi they offered. On top of that, the restaurant wasn't very full. To be fair, our waitress warned us it would be slow, but you don't expect sushi to take 35 min to make...To be fair, I really have to return here again for another try as I usually do with places. First time here during their opening week I didn't quite enjoy my food or drinks. From what I gathered it is best to stick with drinking tea and eating sushi. I was hoping it was another casual bubble tea place but it was dined in instead. I just enjoy more places where you it is a blend of take out, eat in and without actually have to sit in for the service and all. It feels more simple, quick and fast. Like a cool hangout place. Anyhow, I will update my review once I come back again.A relatively new restaurant but extensive specialty tea drink selection and great location. That said, it's BYOB as well! Drinks come in huge cups (at least for bubble tea) so pace yourself. There's always room here and the decor is trendy, so perfect for larger groups on short notice. The combo platters are ok, but the chirashi that my friend got and beef noodle soup were superb and a much better value. The uni special was surprisingly fresh as well. Wish the servers weren't so jumpy to clean the table but were quick to fill water cups too. Will hopefully get to try out the snow ice next time!It is a great cozy place. It is my new go to restaurant when I want bubble tea or sushi-like food. I love the POKE!!!!! I did not know this existed until I went to this place. It is a perfect combination of ingredients for the sushi lovers. I ordered mine half salmon and half time for only 12 bucks !!!! I ordered the sushi hamburger which was amazing too. My favorite bubble tea is the very mango .... amazingGreat service. Super clean. Fresh sushi. Solid tea!
Dine in drinks are enormous--easily 2 servings, def take it to go if you can't finish. 
Spicy maki combo was 3 rolls for $12.95--total steal! Boba was fresh but the black milk tea wasn't as sweet as I'm used to...maybe because I got bubblefish and I need to try a different flavor. I'll definitely be back!The food that I've tried was DELISHHH.The mango bubble tea is the best thing on Earth along with the Tune Pòke omg. Tuna tacos--just gettemCame here with my mom for a birthday lunch earlier today, and I'm happy to say that my opinion of Bubblefish has very much improved.
I tried one of the sea salt froth drinks (peach green tea) and my mom had a melon green tea (50% sugar) and both were great. The salt froth tea was really interesting and a nice mix of sweet and salty, and the melon green tea reminded me of melon ice cream that we used to get in Japan (but less sweet.) We also got the sushi/sashimi platter for one. The platter came well presented, and the fish was, for the most part, fresh and yummy. My mom was a bit unhappy with some of the lesser known fish (that was my complaint last time as well). The platter was a good deal though ($20) and definitely shareable, so I wouldn't mind getting it again, even if there are some pieces that I don't love.
I will happily come back to explore more of their drink menu!Bubblefish is my go-to place for a small gathering with close friends! There are a plenty of drink options which is my favorite part. I've tried the pineapple coconut green tea and a mango drink (cant remember which one) and of course all the drinks that my friends got- they were all good! For food, I've had the beef noodles (highly recommend!!) marilyn monroll (my favorite roll ever) and unagi don (very large portion) I've never had a bad experience here and the servers are super friendly and helpful!My friend and I stopped in here thinking it'd be a cool spot to eat dinner. The atmosphere is really nice and I'm disappointed that I have to give such a poor review. I had such a frustrating dining experience here. My friend and I liked the bubble tea and appetizers we got, so I can at least give two stars. As for the sushi rolls, they were disgusting. They were mushy and very weird tasting. We got the Marilyn Monroe roll and I think it was called the Monster Roll? We each took one piece from each roll and called it quits. When we reported this to the manager and asked her to take it off our bill, her reply was, "No, it's not our fault you didn't like your rolls. There was nothing wrong with them." .... Obviously there's something wrong with your rolls if it tastes disgusting. She was rude and not at all accommodating. I was able to talk her into cutting the more expensive of the two rolls but our shitty dining experience was still $40.When bubblefish first opened I was a huge fan. I live in Chinatown and frequented bubblefish a few times a week (it's safe to say I was obsessed). Originally  I felt the sushi was high quality with a lot of flavor but on my most recent visit I was really disappointed. The sushi was mediocre at best and the spicy mayo was NOT typical spicy mayo. 
I hope bubblefish was just having a bad day as I really enjoyed their sushi, appetizers and wide variety of teas.I love this place! Although I have tried many other sushi restaurants else where, Bubblefish is by far the best yet!!! I love their Anger Dragon Roll, tuna and yellow tail hand roll! The Anger Dragon Roll had mango in it! YES you read it correctly! IT'S MANGO!! WHO DOESNT LIKE MANGO?! The hand rolls are bomb too cause the fish is placed from the front of the hand roll all the way to the back! (this is NOT where you take a bite from the hand roll, the fish is all gone and all you're left with is rice and nori! For noodle, I LOVE their taiwanese beef noodle! It has a strong herbal flavor in the broth! I love herbal flavor, but if youre not a fan of it, definitely try something else on the menu! Not to mention their drinks! Man, they have the tastes and by far the most healthy drink on the menu! From hot milk tea, fruit tea, freshly brewed hot tea (best presentation ever!) to fresh juice press! My favorite drink is the Guava orange green tea, its a MUST try! Would definitely come back and try out other food and drinks on the menu!Sooo good! Had the Green Peace roll, chicken tempura and honey lemon green tea. Delicious food, great ambiance, comfortable seating, friendly waitress. Definitely coming back for more!Ez five star. Nice location but the entrance isn't so obvious. That's probably I haven't ever been here in the past couple years living around. Atmosphere is nice with some quieter edm. Service is good. The reason I came in is I wanted to try something different, so I ordered the salmon rice burger, the mango drink, the spicy edamame and the grilled salmon head. 
Salmon burger is very interesting. I actually asked them how people eat it. Well some people eat it by cutting it into quarters but I just grabbed and devoured. The texture is GREAT. Very nice fit among rice, the crispy thingy and the salmon. The salmon is neither like sashimi nor grilled. It's more like the ground salmon you get in a sushi roll. Avocado is always good too. Try not to squish too hard on the burger as the content is very soft and can fall out easily.
Mango drink was good too. It was HUGE. I drink cold beverages very slowly so I ordered the other dishes. Spicy edamame was definitely interesting. It was spicy with some garlic slices. Indeed a very strong smell as told by the server. I loved it. Would be a nice complement to a special sushi roll.
Bbq salmon head, you can't just find it on the menu of every Japanese restaurant. The great thing about salmon head is the tenderness of the meat by the fish bone. A little overcooked to my taste, but it does then provide a good spectrum of meat tenderness. Skin is a bit too hard to chew. I did not agree with their selection of the dipping sauce. It was too sour for such a tender and slightly sweet meat. The lemon slice on the side was enough for me.
Overall, GREAT food, helpful server, great location. I went in on Saturday afternoon around 6, not too crowded and immediately got a seat. The Taiwanese appetizers on the menu look great too. Would come back. Would recommend.Food is good*, service is decent. 
*we liked everything we had except the three musketeers bubbletea. do not get this unless you like the taste of hairspray. They did allow us to exchange this for another one- pineapple coconut, which was pretty good.Modern-chic place with amazing food and great customer service! 
Seems like a great hang out spot for those who live in the area. When you walk in, they have a more rowdier section with bar-top tables and for those who want a little more intimacy, they have booths in the back. 
Was originally seated in the front (rowdier) portion of the place, but was moved to a booth once it opened up. 
Ordered the sushi burger, California roll, Spicy Tuna roll, Spicy Kani roll, Takoyaki, Red Curry Shrimp with rice,very mango drink, and the Bubblefish Oolong Milk Tea. 
The sushi burger was beautiful. Super difficult to eat as a whole, but if taken apart, the experience isn't as delicious. 
Takoyaki and the sushi rolls are all up to par and very reasonable. Nothing outstanding, but wasn't bad. 
At first I was taken a back by the very different and distinct flavor it was, but eventually grew to love it! A little closer to the saltier side, but overall very flavorful. 
Drinks: If you do order the very mango drink, SHARE! It's huge. I made the mistake of ordering this for myself and there was no way I could finish it. However, the waitress was nice enough to offer a to-go option for the drink, which most places don't actually do.First time trying this place, was excited to try the Chirashi and sea salt froth drinks! I was not disappointed the sushi was on par and was priced fairly, the service was great, and I enjoyed the Green Tea Peach sea salt froth drink! The decor was very well done, and I think this is my go to place for sushi in the city! Thank you Bubblefish for a great lunch yesterday and service, I will be backVery nice and clean place for intimate setting. 
Seaweed salad: decent size, very fresh and tasty 
Sashimi: very fresh, unique combination of fresh seafood such as octopus, some smoked white fish.
Takoyaki: very delicious, not greasy, very tasty. Highly recommended.love their yogurt mango. Big cup have to split it with my brother. takoyaki is okay. sushi is different i ordered angry dragon comes with pink wrap.Took my wife, Sofia there for her birthday as we are sushi lovers... Boys it's one of the best sushi place of all in Philadelphia! Very unique and one of a kind sushi place with excellent services and AWESOME menu none found elsewhere in Philly and NJ! Sofia had "Green Peace" which is a signature roll consisting of sweet potato tempura, asparagus, cucumber, mango, topped with sliced avocado and mango puree. I had "Tuna Princess"
which consist of spicy tuna, avocado, topped with torched peppered tuna, honey wasabi and spicy mayo sauce. For drinks? You won't believe their list of dizzying array of tea infused hot or cold drinks with varying kinds that can't be found elsewhere.I really love this place. My friends took me here. Their food is amazing. They own the best takoyaki and cold grass jelly. We shared a pot of herbal tea, which smelled pretty good. I am not a big lover of raw fish, but I tried couple pieces of my friends' sushi roll. They were tasty and fresh, really different from what I had in other places. Their desserts were fresh made too. A perfect place for dinner or relaxing. 5 stars, defiantly come back soon.This place has quickly become my favorite sushi spot in philly. The sushi is always very good and the price is great. The sea salt froth teas are AMAZING. Try this place out!Salmon rolls and spicy tuna, to die for! The place has a great vibe. Try the noodle soup too, yum! Volcano chicken isn't on par with the rest of this delicious meal though. Spicy garlic edamame is a must! They play a lot of Zaryan here, so come ready to boogie!We did take out but will dine in eventually for the full effect.  They don't have a menu online but we were able to view pictures of the menu online from geniuses who were able to post them. So thanks!!  
We got the sushi and sashimi platter for 2, yellow tail scallion roll, spicy crunchy tuna (this is not listed but I would assume is a pretty common roll - they actually had no idea what it was and I had to explain to them), and the tuna tacos.
Since we got take out the tuna tacos came deconstructed - there were three of them.  They were good - it was a mix of iceberg lettuce with masago, tuna and a spicy sauce .  I've had better elsewhere but this was still good. 
The sushi rolls and sashimi were decent and satisfying.  Everything tasted good There was one particular fish that was not good at all - I think it was the mackerel, they seared the sides - I don't know if that's what made these pieces unbearable chewy but I really did not like this at all.  Everything else was good.  We will stop in again to try their other menu items.Awesome drinks. The best peach green tea I've ever had! My boyfriend had the golden smoothie which was amazeballs!! The sushi portions are pretty small. My miso salmon was a very small portion and was woefully undercooked. The sauce on the salmon was tasty, but the fish was dry and the skin on the salmon was slimy...not crispy.
Hopefully we will try more good options from this spot because the drinks are just too good to pass up.Loved the bubble tea. Had a mayo slush with tapioca. The drinks are pretty large. The food is good as well. However, I enjoyed the wings the most.BEST BUBBLE TEA EVER!!!!  My wife and I strongly recommend the Orange Guava Green Tea with Yogurt Pops with extra guava.  It isn't on their menu anymore, but they can still make it.  We haven't tried the food, but I've heard it is also very good and they have many hard to find entrees.I had been looking for some decent sushi and figured Chinatown would be a cool place to start. Came up with this little gem bubblefish. First off, the ambience is amazing! Great place for a first date or just when you're feeling fancy. As far as price goes it is very reasonable. They have basic sushi $4-6 and the fancier one for $8-10. If you go during lunchtime you get even better deals. Service was great and overall would come again.The bubbletea was amazing. I got the thai tea and it was shaken in a machine and the boba was a little bit al dente. The sushi wasn't really anything special. We got the bubblefish roll and then the philly roll.Our go-to sushi restaurant had been Bleu Sushi, but we were intrigued by the rotating light sign of the cute bubble fish out front that shines on the sidewalk.  Fast forward 2 weeks, and finally we got to try their sushi and bubble tea on a late Sunday night!
I was expecting it to be very busy, but we were able to be seated right away.  There is a variety of seating, with tables in the front by the window, to smaller booths, and a lounge area with a big red couch in the middle by the sushi bar and drink station.  We were seated in the very back with round booths, which were very cozy.  I like how it's not too crowded with tables and I felt like it was a deliberate choice to preserve the ambience, with lovely lighting with clear bulbs around the lamps and the dark, cozy feel.  
We ordered:
1. Tuna avocado roll ($5, 8 pieces) - amazing, no fishy taste at all, and the ratio of fish to rice with so high!  Tender and flavorful.  The ratio of fish to avocado was also perfect.
2. Yellowtail roll with jalepeno ($5, 6 pieces) - this was also amazing, with a buttery yellowtail taste that was also not fishy at all.  The jalepeno added a tiny bit of kick and was not overpowering at all.  
3. Bubblefish roll ($10.95, 8 or 10 pieces) - THE BEST THING WE ORDERED.  Spicy crab roll with mango, wrapped with seared salmon and miso glaze.  I could have eaten two of these rolls.  Perfect balance of flavors, tons of crab filling and my favorite part was the seared salmon part on top.  The miso glaze was slightly sweet and added a great finishing touch.  Fresh mango that wasn't too sour provided texture and balance.
4. Taiwanese beef noodle soup - this took awhile to come out.  Large slabs of marbled beef with a clean and mild soup taste.  The noodles were al dente and nicely flavored.  The tea egg was a bit overdone.  Overall not bad, but not a standout either.
Drinks:
5.  Peach green tea ($4.25 without bubbles) - very nice and strong tea taste.  Came in a beer stein.
6.  Bubblefish milk green tea ($4.75 with bubbles) - again, no artificial powdery taste here!  Funny that all the milk drinks were made with lactaid, but I wouldn't have known that unless I read the menu.  Bubbles were soft and chewy, and it came in a cute glass.
Overall, the sushi and drinks make this a standout place to treat yourself after a long and busy work week.  Perfect for hanging out at night with friends or with a significant other.  I want to come back and try the lunch special - 2 rolls for $7.95 (the normal rolls, not the special ones).  I also want to try some of the other things on the menu - the Tuna Avocado and dons will be my next targets!  So excited to come back!I ordered delivery - good unagi bowl with a fair amount of the sushi-type of eel w/ the sauce. Rice was the sushi type of rice and delicious as well. A bit pricey for lunch but I had a discount.This review is strictly for their bubble tea bar!
I went with two other people ordering a total of four drinks for ourselves. The atmosphere was super hip and trendy, as I loved the design of the place. Would have stayed if I had time though, as I was visiting from Virginia just for the day. For drinks, I ordered the avocado smoothie as they are my favorite. It was mediocre compared to what I've had before, and tasted like they used too much ice. My boyfriend got the rice water bubble tea, or something along those lines, because it sounded very unique - and that it was! Personally, I didn't enjoy the drink and didn't expect to be drinking actual pieces of rice. For the third drink, we had a regular milk tea with bubbles, which of course was good because you can't go wrong with that. And the fourth drink was a guava green tea, which I loved and was surprised that it wasn't as sweet as I expected. I definitely recommend this place for their bubble tea, as they have many unique options! Just be cautious of ordering any smoothies or else expect an icee!Im a really big sushi and tempura fan. I know that sometimes shrimp tempura includes vegetables however I feel that mine included way more vegetables than usual. Maybe I'm biased because Yakitori serves shrimp tempura by itself without vegetables for the same price this place serves it with vegetables and you only get 2 shrimp. The additional vegetables were sweet potato, broccoli, mushroom and asparagus. Also under the description it'll tell you if it's shrimp and vegetables however this didn't have that so I was under the impression that it was solely shrimp. Also I must note that the usual sauce that's served with shrimp tempura was not given, I was given soy sauce. 
The sushi wasn't bad as all, didn't seem as fresh as I am use to but it wasn't bad. I had the Marilynroll. 
The interior decor was modern and grand. I wouldn't have minded eating there (btw I did Take Out).
I wouldn't mind going back to check out other sushi dishes however, I would not order tempura again.If you are craving sushi late at night this is the place to go! They have varieties of sushi and different dishes and they are all pretty good for the price! Their atmosphere is really pretty, looks like a good casual date place! I highly recommend their spicy Maki combo, and princess tuna!Delicious!
A lot of things to choose from in the menu.
They really make you feel comfortable just being there!
I don't say this a lot but you don't feel rushed at all!
Amazing service!
As for the food, a lot of teas to choose from and amazing combinations of sushi! I had the sea eel Don and it was really delicious. If you're new to eel, I recommend trying it. I'm sure you won't regret it because it's packed with flavor. I also loved how they give you enough rice to go with the eel and each bite with the rice was the same amount of flavor you got with the last bite. They made sure of it by spreading out the eel and the rice so that each bite you take is going to be delicious.
I can't wait to come back!
I'll surely be a returning customer!I came to Bubblefish after a friend's recommendation. Bubblefish is conveniently located near the Chinatown arch, which makes it convenient to find. The restaurant is expansive, so there are always tables available. The wait staff were very friendly and recognized me the second day I arrived.
On the first day, I ordered the fresh oysters since they just arrived. Unfortunately when I ordered it, I realized that they would be raw instead of fried. I enjoyed a few of them. I'm not a huge fan of hot sauce and there were a few oysters with hot sauce pre-applied. However, they were definitely fresh and presented beautifully. I ordered the chirashi, which I usually get at other Japanese restaurants. The slices are quite thick and I didn't think there was enough rice. There was one protein that I didn't like, and didn't realize what it was until the next day, which was the conch. The conch has hot sauce pre-applied and is also tough compared to fish. I also ordered the very mango drink. The mug that it comes in is quite tall, so you get a lot of drink for the price. It was very tasty. At the bottom are balls of liquid, similar to salmon roe. It was quite unique and was fun at first, but then it became a chore to consume.
On the second day, I started with the takoyaki. Yum! I've never had it before, but heard wonderful things. It was definitely a treat. The outside is a soft fried batter, while the inside is soft and contained discernible pieces of octopus tentacles. I ordered the sashimi heaven. Unfortunately it was just a larger version of the chirashi I ordered the previous day, except that the rice was on the side and there were more slices of the same set of fish and conch. This time the wait staff named the contents of the dish, so I was aware that there was conch. This time I removed the hot sauce and it wasn't as bad. Though the slices of fish were just as thick. The presentation was definitely pretty. I ended the evening with a matcha green tea crepe cake. It was delicious! It was like eating layers of green tea-flavored phyllo dough.Best sushi I've had in Philly! Amazing service, delicious food. Everyone is so warm and friendly. The tofu cheesecake was incredible and I don't usually like tofu. I can't wait to go back.Was taken here by my dear cousin and I still think about it. Honestly for 12 bucks and huge salmon poke bowls? This is your place.
I've had plenty of poke bowls but I would say this one stands out. Lots of salmon, huge portion sizes, fresh fish, and fresh ingredients.
It's a perfect place to eat out late at night in Chinatown and to just chill, which is what a lot of people do at this place.
Ambiance is very modern and service is pretty quick. 
My only pickle is I wish I could have more veggies with my poke bowl but alas no place is perfectThe Chirashi bowl here is massive, fresh, and innovatively prepared with the daintiest of sear applied to the tunas. The rice was sticky and perfect and dusted with tobiko.
High regards.This new addition to Chinatown is great. High quality sushi and a huge variety of drinks. Service is only okay but getting better each time I've been. They have a decent lunch sushi 2 roll combo for $7.95. Wish they had a 3 roll special like most sushi places. They are finally taking credit cards now with a $15 minimum, but they split checks which is great with groups. The spicy garlic edamame is a good app. Volcano chicken is bland but not surprised since it is a sushi restaurant. I like the almond sesame milk hot tea. Definitely worth a visit. The interior is modern and trendy. A downfall is the amount of time it takes to get your food. Usually takes a while.Very good food and innovative!  Fun experience.  I live in the capital of fresh Asian fusion being from OC California - visiting my son who goes to UPENN - and this restaurant fit the bill for fresh, unique and aesthetic sushi and it's various incarnations.  Definitely try this.  You won't be disappointed.  FYI the sushi burger is to die for and NOT on the menu.  Make sure to ask for it.  It's a meal in itself.excellent service from start to finish. had the Taiwanese salt baked chicken, could be crunchier but flavor was exceptional. Sashimi heaven was worth the price  for drink, very mango is so good! big glass for 5.25$ WORTH IT. great place for sushi and drinksI really enjoy having bubble fish nearby. I can literally drop by for delicious sushi without having to drive to New Jersey, or I can just drop by for a quick bite with their onigiri! Their fruit smoothie are pretty good too. Service on point.Bubbletea and sushi - every Asian's dream.
Lots of Taiwanese flair here.  Very, very clean restaurant, quick and friendly service.  Trendy environment.  I was definitely a fan of the space.  
Smoothies / Tea:
As I have a huge sweet tooth, I like to save my sugar intake for my dessertsssss.  With that said, I really, REALLY appreciate that you can choose just how much sugar you want in each of your drinks here - Less 70%; 50% or even 0... YES!  Most of the smoothies are already so sweet so you can totally cut it down in half and not even miss out on it too much.  I highly recommend the Matcha milkshake.... omg this was amazing.  Perfectly blended; not too sweet AT ALL.  Refreshing and just SO GOOD.  The Very Mango smoothie is super popular here and though it was good, it only comes second to the Matcha milkshake for me.  
FOOD:
Things we have ordered during our dining IN experience and our take out experience:
LOVE:
-Angry Dragon - Loved it so much the first time we visited Bubblefish that we ordered 2 for our takeout the next time 
- Bubblefish Roll; Monster Roll; Shrimp Tempura, Spider
- Spicy Maki Combo is PACKED with good rolls (comes with three different kinds!) 
- TOFU CHEESECAKE - so light and so delicious!!!  Definitely a healthier alternative but you couldn't even taste the difference... really impressed with this
Worth to try:
- Calamari (it's good but super deep fried....  not the kind of batter I typically prefer though... you also only get a few rings of calamari lol)
-  Volcano Chicken - My friends liked this - I could've done without it (pretty Meh to me)
Things to skip:
- Crabmeat Salad Onigiri - just not the best; there are way better choices there than this 
Also - a huge plus - this is not one of those places that jips you out of portion size or quality of the food if you choose to order out - you get everything you ask for (plus tons of sauces!) and they really do such a great job of packing it all up so it's fresh for you to eat once you get home!Service is nice restaurant is nice food is.... meh. The pearls first of all were incredibly soggy, almost deteriorating into doughy balls at the bottom of my drink which is sth I have never seen before lol. The sushi portions were pretty good but they honestly tasted so bland especially the spicy tuna. The sauces obviously overpowered the fish and the rolls tasted more like mayonnaise than actual tuna.Bad service, the waitress is talking shit about customers. The spoon is dirty, you can see the dirty stuffs last person ate on the spoon! The rice tastes like it's from last night, the yellowtail is not fresh, the crabmeat is the cheap kind, and the shrimp is the smallest shrimp I ever see from  a shrimp tempura roll, full of cucumber and the avocado is small as your pinky！never go again! Recommend Mt Fuji the best sushi place ever!!!!!!the people there are very nice and the food size is large and they also have hibachi!!!I ordered food to go along with milk BUBBLE tea, and I asked two ladies if it had bubbles in it, one said no, then the other one said she said YES. As I get back to work I sip the BUBBLE tea, there is no bubbles inside, she fucking lied. Lyin ass bitch. Lol.Bubblefish was an absolute delight, and I was very happy to have eaten here on my return visit to Philly's Chinatown.
For those who are unacquainted (like I was), Bubblefish (known especially for its bubble tea offerings and sushi -- get the name now?) is one of the many new establishments that have popped up in Chinatown. I think it's really great that Chinatown is seeing a lot more foot traffic and getting much more attention as its own neighborhood. Even better, according to my friend who recommended it, Bubblefish is locally owned!
Now onto our visit. Said friend and I came to Bubblefish for a Sunday lunch. Things weren't too busy, so we were able to get seated quickly. Service, overall, was prompt and attentive. Bubblefish's interior design is aesthetically pleasing, with dark woods and interesting light fixtures certainly keeping it within trend.
Food-wise, we started off with the Taiwanese salt-baked chicken as an appetizer. It was a generous portion for my friend and me to share, and it was crunchy, salty deliciousness. For our entrées, I opted for two rolls, the Chicken Tempura and Spicy Salmon. They were of good size for the price and though I am admittedly not the most discerning of sushi eaters, I thought they tasted fresh and flavorful. My friend ordered the Tonkatsu rice bowl, which she thought was a bit dry but I thought tasted just fine.
To wash down my meal, I had a big (it was huge!!) cup of warm milk tea. My friend ordered one of the speciality cold drinks. For me, I think an area of improvement would be with the drink options. Though I enjoyed my tea, it was definitely on the sweeter side, and, if I had the opportunity, I definitely would have ordered a smaller size. Right now, I believe that all drinks come in one portion size. But if I were to return, I definitely would want to try another drink on their very extensive menu.
Overall, it was a great meal and I was left plenty stuffed by the end. It's a great little spot for lunch or even if you just want to grab a drink with friends.The prices have gone up everytime I went there. It's shameless. They white out prices so often that they don't even bother with new menus. The sushi is only ok. The bowls are decent. The bubble tea selection is worth it.
Get the katsudon bowl and the jasmine/green tea with grass jelly.The service was very slow. They took 30+ min to an hour to make sushi. I recommend ordering for take out since they make it faster. You will take less than 5 min to finish the sushi but wait about an hour to wait for it to come out. Overall the food was amazing.My homegirl and i just needed a spot to get some good tea to wash down our dinner, and Bubblefish was perfect. We didn't spend much time there, but found the ambiance to be really charming.
We ordered the chocolate tea and the Just Mango, and found them to be just what we needed after a somewhat heavy dinner. The service was also very good, so that made for a delightful experience.
*One tip for the restaurant manager: Please provide hand towels in the ladies' restroom. Most people don't prefer to use an air dryer. Lack of hand towels actually makes the spot seem a bit less chic than the front-of-house suggests.Uni lovers come here! Indulge yourself with some sweet uni and other sushi options at a reasonable price. Their popcorn chicken is amazingly juicy and crispy as well (just hope it comes with some curry or chili powder to enhance the flavor). Both presentation and taste is on-spot! Also lots of drink and dessert options, love it!!I ordered the beef noodle soup, the salt baked chicken, and the very mango drink. They were just perfect for my cravings. Everything was delicious and the prices definitely did not dent my wallet. It was a perfect way to start my afternoon. The interior is really cool and sleek also. I highly recommend stopping by and trying out their food!Came for a cold beverage on a hot summer day. Ordered the very mango under their speciality menu. A very large drink and need to share for sure. Love it, just wish there was more mango pieces and not all mango concentrate.The best juicy sushi in town
I'm telling you!
Their signature menu is on point and very good yummy mix
The only my comment is
The waitress needs more smiles 
Their face look like she wants to kill people her smile is fake as hell
Or is it just their face? I don't know!
Smile more please 
Is not a horror theater place is it?
The place itself is beautiful 
Nice wood aquarium thingy
I love it
Remember server...SMILE!!!
Maybe you'll get more tip you knowJared & I decided to hit up Bubblefish for a late lunch on an easy Sunday afternoon. We both had the spot bookmarked for quite some time and were happy to finally give it a shot.  For those looking for the short review - its worth trying and a must if you like sushi.
Jared got one of the roll specials while I ordered the Chirashi.  We both had a drink - Jared a tea drink while I had a milk shake.  So the Chirashi wasn't quite what was pictured, but was damn close.  Every bit of fish was fresh and flavorful. While it alone did not fill me up, I didn't finish it needing to eat more.  The Guava Banana Milk Shake was huge!  The banana wasn't overpowering but there was only a small hint of guava.  Jared's Spicy Maki Combo was sizable, forcing him to take a few pieces with him.
Service was on point and the place was extremely clean.  I was also surprised how big it was inside - I'm not saying don't make reservations on busy times, but they do seat a lot.  Again, check them out, especially if sushi is your thing.The atmosphere of this place is awesome, it's very nice. I ordered some sushi rolls which were good, pleasing. I also order a taro milkshake with boba.... wow I must say it's got to be one of the best boba shakes I've had. To fulfill my sushi and boba craving this place would be it.Delicious sushi and really pleasant service. Also, very comfy chairs and great hours. I'll be back!Pros: 
new sushi place in town
also a drink shop
Upbeat environment 
Free wifi! 
Cons:
Super long waits even when the whole place is empty 
Sushi is okay
Inattentive serviceGood place! Delicious bubble tea and nice environment to sit and eat. Would highly recommend!My bf and I decided to tame our hunger here after the flower show. First impression, oh this is a nice contemporary decor place with I guess electro pop music annoyingly louder than white noise. Our first time here and we decided to try a few things. We ordered a lamb skewer and a beef skewer to share; the beef was a big overly salted and had big chunks of chewy fat, the lamb was a bit better but still unappetizing fat chunks. I ordered for my entree the tuna poke bowl and my bf ordered the sushi burger and we split a bubblefish roll. I really enjoyed the presentation of everything and the lemony tang of my poke. But that was it. The bubblefish roll was ok, a bit overly sweet w the sauces over it and the pickled ginger was a bit off; maybe it was from a jar or old I dunno it just didn't cut it. My bf sushi burger was ok we liked how there was crisp lettuce to contrast in all the soft textures. Service: we were greeted and seated promptly. But table service was a bit slow. This place was ok, probably won't be returning since there is so much more out there.Came here specifically because of the recent blurb in the Inquirer from Craig Laban about their Taiwanese Salt Baked Chicken.  I guess "advertising" does work!  Overall, I was happy with my pretty expensive take-out lunch.
The chicken was delicately crispy even after a walk back to work.  It was nice and light and had a pleasant aftertaste with the different spices used to make the batter.  For $5.95, you get a decent sized portion.
The Angry Dragon roll consisting of Shrimp Tempura, Spicy Tuna, Mango, Spicy Crab, and Yuzu Miso Sauce was very good.  The pieces were large and flavorful.  Very good sushi for about $12.
What I hated and did not finish was my Three Musketeers Bubble Tea.  The bubbles of Jam, Grass, and Fig were just fine, but the tea itself I felt like I was drinking crushed flowers with a shot of perfume.  This was just bad for me and a waste of about $6.
Bubblefish was great to try out and I'd recommend for a nice lunch.  I'll probably avoid the teas next time or try something less fancy.
Service was nice and friendly.  They directed me to a table to wait for my meal to go.
$25 for take-out lunch.  A little high, but the sushi and chicken were very good and worth it!A relatively new player in the China town eatery scene. This place is very chill and civilized compared to the competitions. I have never had a bad meal here once. Their bubble tea comes hot and cold. I recommend foam tea if you're looking for something different, it adds a layer of saltiness to your drink, like eating caramel sea salt ice cream, very interesting. As far as food goes, you should try all their dishes. While most of the food here is available elsewhere, Bubble fish serve them with a style. I can't pin point wether it's their presentation or just an added ingredient but their food feels young and hip. The sushi are also recommended. I don't usually do sushi at a tea and dessert place but this place won me over. The servers are sweet and friendly, making you feel very comfortable here. Come with a friend or family, you will enjoy your time regardless. If there is any complaints, it would be sometimes the food takes a bit to come out, even on a slow day. Don't let this deter you from checking the restaurant out though, you will regret it!This is the only sushi place in Chinatown that I know of, and their food is pretty amazing. 
As other people have already mentioned, the layout and decorations is beautifully done. And their menu is super cute. 
The drinks come without ice so they won't be diluted. Some may think the drinks are a bit more expensive compare to other tea places but the big portion makes up for that. So I think they are totally worth it.
The food was on point. I liked everything I ordered. The tofu cream cheese was very delicious as it wasn't too sweet. Volcano chicken was very good as well. But my ultimate favorite is the chirashi. 
Definitely recommend this place.This is my boyfriend and I's go to place for sushi. We always come for the 2 for $8 lunch special. The sushi is always fresh and tasty here. The interior is super simple and the space is very clean. Every time we come here, we receive exceptional service. The waitress always makes sure we're okay and if we need anything else. I definitely would recommend this place to anyone.