Wanting to try something different, the 3 of us came here. Wow, is this disappointing. All I can say is dry, and not the humor. The brisket was miserably dry. The ribs were jerky like on the outside and fatty on the ends. The chicken was just ok.  The sauce was way too sweet, and over all just meh...
We also had the mac n cheese app, and the liquid smoke they used was way to chemical tasting and the bechamel was still flowery.   
Now for the good, the sides! Brussel sprouts were good, the greens great, and the green beans were good.  
Go for the sides, but skill the bbq.Let me preface this by saying that the food I did have at Bubbas was delicious. However, I wish I could be reviewing the food I actually wanted to have. I went for dinner at about 9 p.m. on a Friday night and they were out of a lot of things (brisket, ribs, collards, green beans, etc) In my opinion if you're trying a bbq spot for the first time, you must have the ribs and brisket to really judge them on their barbecue abilities. I was a little disappointed they were out of so much... but lesson learned. Go early for dinner to avoid being left with a limited selection. 
I started out with the bacon mac and cheese for the table, and it was really delicious. It was super cheesy with some big crispy chunks of bacon on top. For my entree I was forced to go with the pulled pork. The platter comes with one side and corn bread, and I went with the baked beans for my side. Overall the platter was very delicious, I just felt myself longing for some brisket. However, I highly recommend the pulled pork. 
I supposed I'll have to give them another chance, I'll just make sure to go earlier next time.Finally got a chance to eat here over the weekend.  We waited a long time for them to open-- and pretty much avoid Starr restaurant group places like the plague these days-- so Bubba's is the go to BBQ place in Fishtown/kenzo for us.
The chicken wings were unreal, I mean amazing wings, still thinking about them.  Some combo of smoked and then fried with good heat made for a killer wing.  When I go back I am pretty much just gonna order a bucket of those.
Mac and cheese with bacon was also really good.  Top notch and a great side/appetizer.
Ditto the baked beans.  Some of the best beans I have had at a BBQ place.
However, these great dishes were overshadowed by some problems.  We had a mixed experience due to some inconsistencies with the food. 
Chicken was okay, a little dry, but decent.
Brisket was good, pulled pork was good.
Ribs were a real problem.  Like charcoal on outside, dried out, just waaaaaaay overcooked.
I think they need to get a better handle on the grill/smoker.
It was easier to deal with the problems with some entrees because of our waiter.  Our service was excellent, not too formal, but very professional bearded/tattoo waiter who was quick to correct any problems--like those charcoal ribs.
I want this place to do well.  I will go back and hope that the smoker was just having a bad day or something with those ribs.
I MUST go back just to get a pile of those chicken wings.  Still dreaming about those.
The only other thing I found an issue was lack of Kenzinger on draft.  I just don't see how you serve Kenzinger in bottles when the brewery is right down the street.
I would love to watch some Flyers hockey here with a bucket of wings and several pints of Kenzinger draft.Excellent choice.  The owners were there to greet us and helped to make sure our visit was to Bubba's was good.  Salad with pulled pork is an excellent choice along with mac and cheese and collard greens.   Went back a second time and tried the ribs and had an equally good experience.Solid BBQ. I sampled the Pulled pork sandwich with a side of baked beans. The pork was moist and the sauce was great! The portion size was good as well. I'm looking forward to trying the brisket and the wings. I hear they are great. I will be back!i tried the bqq combo with brisket and pulled pork. the brisket was a bit dry and there wasnt enough bbq sauce. i know now to ask for extra sauce. it was still very tasty though. the prices are HIGH. the bacon mac n cheese was a whopping $8. i'd recommend this place but if youre frugal its def NOT the place to dine.The best food you can have in a lifetime. The Mac and cheese melts in your mouth and it forces you to kiss the cook. Nice and clean atmosphere. Tell EVERYBODY!!! A true Texan treasure in the community and a delight.My boyfriend and I have been trying to try every place in our neighborhood so every Friday we try to pick a new place to go to. Sometimes we revisit a place we had been before. So I was thinking about going to the competition around the corner and remembered that we had not tried Bubba's yet... I am so glad that we decided to go there instead. Mainly because they have a real menu... with waiters and bartenders and I did not have to think of how many pounds of meat I could eat before ordering. I just picked something. We spent a decent amount on a sampler that was on the menu that gave us to option to pick 3 meats and 3 sides. It also came with our choice of corn bread or biscuits... so the food... since the competition (fette sau) is right around the corner I have to compare the 2 to each other.. the worst part of our meal was the cornbread... I wish I would have ordered the Biscuits... but when that is the worst thing everything else was great. The Ribs were juicy... so was the pulled pork... I think Fette Sau has better brisket but when I compare the amount of food we got for the price I would go to Bubba's over the other place if I was the one choosing. I remember my trip to both like they were yesterday... which they were most likely 3 months apart from each other... we spent a similar amount of money on our food and drinks but after fette sau I needed to go get a cheesesteak... and left Bubba's full with a small to go container. Our bartender was great and they had Founders Breakfast Stout on tap! that alone is enough to get me to go back! The people sitting at the bar a couple stools down from us order the appetizer of Bacon Mac and Cheese and I wish I had room in my stomach to order it too! We met the bar manager mid meal and talked to him. My only complaints, and I am familiar with texas BBQ and the lack of BBQ sauce... but I feel like they need to have some bottles of sauce around so people like me that want a lot of sauce can add more. Anyways what the place lacks is personality it looks like a sports bar inside and it tries hard to give it a southern feel with antler chandeliers... but it comes off looking a little cheesy. But the food and service we received there made up for any lack of being "hip" and "cool" We will return on a regular basis.  I would rather have a great meal and great service than be seen in the scene!I owe Bubba a major apology! We recently stopped in to get some grub after some afternoon drinking and we were so happy to learn that they weren't out of anything (unlike the last time we visited). We started off with the bacon mac and cheese and I ordered the short rib platter, husband ordered the brisket platter, and we got a side of collards and a side of baked beans. My ribs were amazing, tender and smokey, the brisket was also great. The mac and cheese was bangin' as usual. I was really digging Bubba's BBQ after this last trip and would definitely go back for those short ribs!Smoked Hot wings &Smoked crispy bacon Mac and cheese awesome! Also recommend the brisket sandwich. Also, very nice draught beer selection local craft beers and good bottled selection. The bartender Evan made a very good old fashioned. They also have a cocktail menu. Perfect place for really good BBQ, watching the game, hanging out with friends and family. 
I like the local, neighborhood groove. The service is very friendly, down-to-earth. Will def be frequenting Bubba's!It's hard to find a great BBQ Restaurant in Philly.  Ive tried several and none of them compare to this place.  Everything I had was awesome.  Large portions and a nice place.  I have tried the place around the corner Fette Sau and their food does not even come close.  
Try the Pigs Wings, Brisket, Ribs and chicken wings.  I am looking forward to trying the Chili which I heard is also awesome.This restaurant is a must try for everyone. If you want the most tender meat and most flavorful barbecue and other sauces, please go to Bubba's Texas BBQ. Everything I tasted was delicious and the prices and food portions are Unbelievable. I had the Pig wigs, pulled pork, brisket, and ribs. Absolutely mouth watering, delicious and makes you want to come back for more. Also, unlike Fette Sau, this place has incredible sides to compliment the meats. I easily give this place a 5 star plus rating. Please try and you will agree.Well everything I heard and read is true the service and atmosphere is very good.  Value for the money not an issue.  The beer  is awesome very cold.  Beans just ok for me however mac'n cheese simply some of the best I have had.  Pork and brisket very good not your average BBQ.  Fresh chips delis.  If your in Philly it's a must try.I'm definitely coming back here, saw the sidewalk chalk board for its happy hour special, fifty cent wings and three dollar Yuenglings and I was sold just on the price alone to get me in the door. Little did I know that the wings were going to be some of the best I've had in town. Their meat smoker is no joke, the wings were excellent. and the other plates I saw served up looked really good. The price is right too, unlike other BBQ places in the area sides are included in the meal and it isn't going to be a huge drain on the wallet. We ate 18 wings had 4 beers and it cost about 20 bucks. 
Evan the bar manager was a stand up guy, really nice and personable. Overall it was a great eating experience.Had the pulled pork sandwich.  The meat was delicious and the slaw was very good.  The roll was okay.  The homemade chips were very tasty, but for twelve bucks couldn't you throw in fries with the sandwich?  Beers seemed a bit expensive but $3 Yeungling is fine by me.  I was in a big rush to get somewhere and the waitress assured me the food would be out quickly and it was.  I would definitely go back to try more of the menu.this place is really good and has a great bar / restaurant atmosphere to it. its the perfect place to go with a bunch of friends for a casual meal and some sports watching. the beer selection is good and prices are very reasonable. 
in terms of food they definitely spend a lot of time making sure their bbq is top notch. i highly recommend the pulled pork and the brisket - probably my favorites. sides are nothing to write home about but complement the meat very well - nothing special is not a bad thing as the meats are the main attraction.My boyfriend and I shared a huge platter of three meats and three sides. It was a perfect size for two. The chicken and brisket were great. We fell in love with their ribs at the NoLibs festival in aug so were excited when they finally opened to get them again. I think because we showed up on opening day they had over prepared and cooked them a little too long. Nonetheless I know I'll be back and ordering their ribs. They have a pret good beer list and $4 sangrias which is pretty nice.Following the irresistible call of BBQ, we headed to Girard Avenue and ordered ribs, pulled pork, chicken and brisket, together with collard greens, coleslaw, potato salad and baked beans.  The meats were all good and the same can be said for the sides (3 1/2 stars).  A standout was the very moist chicken, I also liked the long-cooked brisket.  
For me, the same rather sweet BBQ sauce makes the various meats taste very similar, it would have been nice to use a different sauce for a change of taste (e.g. with the pulled pork).  Also, I found the thin slice of bread on the bottom of the our meats - very soggy when we got to it - did not make a good accompaniment (I was hoping for nice slices of Texas White Bread, as is served at Percy Street).
As for the service, our waitress was nice and solicitous, if a bit inexperienced (no problem).  The restaurant has a drink list but the draft beers are not listed there, only the cans and bottles.  A written list of what's on tap would be nice (the selection is small but serviceable).You can purchase tubs of their BBQ sauce to take home!!! Best BBQ sauce in Fishtown, for sure. They have a few vegetarian options, like a pulled seitan sandwich that was really tasty. Try not to walk by in the morning, before they open their doors. The smell will drive you crazy! I just wasn't much for the atmosphere, but it really wasn't my style, anyway.First, the good. The wings were great. Smoked, then fried, they were packed with flavor and served in a spicy and deep hot sauce. I would go back for these alone. 
Now for the bad. The service, atmosphere, and BBQ. Which is kind of a big deal for a, ahem, BBQ joint. 
Service: Our waitress was texting WHILE I was ordering. I thought it was some kind of new tablet system that sent the orders to the kitchen. Until I got done and she said, "sorry, what was that again?" and she pulled out a notepad for me to repeat my order. Come on. 
Atmosphere: Weird. It was part Applebee's and part Famous Dave's. Had a feeling of weirdness all around. 
BBQ: Most disappointing. We each had a sandwich, one pulled pork, one chicken, one brisket. All were served on a LeBus roll that had no business housing BBQ. The tops of the bread were so big they were discarded by each of us, while the thin bottom let you holding a soggy piece of roll covered in meat. Not to say that the meat was abundant. The pork was flavorless and dry (no sauce served on the table) and overpowered by the enormous piece of bread it is served on. The chicken was just okay, until I bit into a bone. The brisket was the best of the lot (as it should be for Texas BBQ) but again, it was not as juicy as it should have been. At least it had some sauce on it. The menu said each sandwich was served with half sour pickles. Well each one in our group came with a sad little slice that was roughly the size of one McDonald's french fry. Big disappointment, especially for the $11-14 price tags on the sandwiches. The chips were pretty good, especially because they helped bulk up what was not exactly a heaping portion. 
I would go back for a $3 Kenzinger and some wings. That is about it. Just a disappointment all around. Especially with their competition around the corner.I love barbecue and this was some of the best ribs I've ever had! Perfectly smoked and packed with flavor! Huge portions so you'll leave bursting at the seams! 
The bacon Mac-n-Cheese was insanely good. The bacon chunks were perfectly cooked! 
Can't wait to go back!The sides were delicious, but the meats I found quite dry. The smoke flavoring is wonderful, just wish their was more moistness to the meat. Stopping in the bar for a drink is fun, the bar always has a cast of characters for wonderful conversation. The staff are young and not that knowledgeable on drinks or food offered.I normally would feel bad about giving a fairly new place (open about a year now) a bad review, but I'm sure Bubba is making plenty of money off his corny Food Network show.  
I was very underwhelmed by Bubba's.  My experience there wasn't terrible, but it definitely is not a place I'll be returning to, nor would I recommend it to friends.  I'd have them go a few blocks over to Fette Sau instead.
What didn't I like?  First of all, the layout of the restaurant is kinda awkward.  Like my table faced the kitchen and it looked all sorts of a hot mess.  And there were flies everywhere which grossed me out.  And the only menu is on a chalkboard on the one wall.  Unfortunately, from our table, we couldn't read it, so we had to get up from our table and walk around the bar to read it.  WTF?  Figure out your restaurant logistics, people.
Second of all, they ran out of a ton of items when we were there.  Other Yelpers have mentioned this as well.  We wanted pulled chicken and they ran out.  At like 6 pm on a summer Saturday night.  Seriously?  I believe they ran out of cole slaw right before we left.  Cole slaw?  How do you run out of cole slaw at a BBQ place?
They do have a pretty decent beer list and the prices weren't too bad.  I was able to get a half pint, which I LOVE to order when places have them (I'm a slow beer drinker and my last 1/3 of my beer is always warm).
The food itself was the definition of meh.  We did the big plate combo ($29)- came with two sides and two meats.  We had pulled pork and ribs, with sides of mac n cheese and potato salad.  It also came with cole slaw and cornbread.  None of these items blew me away.  I thought the meat was way too dry and they didn't offer any BBQ sauce on the side.  The mac n cheese was disappointing- penne noodles with cheese melted on top.  And the cole slaw was way too creamy for my liking.  Cornbread was cold and the potato salad was unmemorable.
If you have a BBQ craving in Philly, don't go to Bubba's--- check out Fette Sau, Percy Street or head up to the NE for Sweet Lucy's.These guys are well worth your time. 
While I was here I had a conversation with the chef and the general manager about the place, their history etc. 
Very personal service, offering samples of beer as well as items on the menu. I had the brisket - I haven't had brisket like this since I was in Texas. 
The locals here are very lucky to have this place so close because:
a) It's a great place for a beer
b) Their BBQ is fantastic
c) The chef knows what he's doing and has a passion for it. 
Support this place. You have real good barbecue in backyard Philadelphia, a stones throw from Girard station on the Market-Frankford line.Before ordering, I asked about the quality of the meats they use. The server replied that they use all kinds and asked if there was there a dish in particular I had in mind. "The chicken" I replied, "is it free range, for example?" They answered back that the portions are large. Um, ok?
The portion was large, as promised, and the meat was tender and flavorful...but I'm giving only 3 stars because more and more people are demanding quality taste AND quality ingredients.  
The staff should have been able to tell me about the meats, or at least found out and let me know.Being a southern transplant I was very curious to try this place out. So far in Philadelphia I had yet to find a decent BBQ establishment. The food was unbelievable. All of the meats were smoked as they should be. I ordered the platter as well as 5 wings. If I had to pick out my favorite items they would be the brisket,ribs, and the wings were some of the best I had in the city. They do have a pretty decent selection of beers both macro and micro which is a huge plus for me. It's refreshing to go into a good restaurant without the bartender looking like you're from another planet if you want a yuengling or coors light. I love my pine tree beers but sometimes you want a break from that. The bartender Jessy was attentive and very charismatic along with the owner who was also in attendance. As far as the ambiance it still seems like its finding it's identity but management seems smart enough to make a few tweaks. I will definitely be stopping in again soonFYI... This is no longer the bubba fom food network show and hasn't been for several months.. Bubba is not affiliated with the Philly place, which is why the food is no longer top notch!  The old owner is apparently still trying to go on his reputation, but seriously, don't be fooled people, I know Bubba, and this ain't his BBQ...   He is happily cooking his own recipe at the hedger house in chatsworth, njFood was good had the pulled Pork portion size could have been better a little pricy overall good place to eatwow ,,, this is my second visit and what an amazing bbq place ,i couldnt be happier . the cobb salad was the best i ever had , and the choices of meats to add were great , i added the brisket and it was heavenly ! prices are great , i have tried four menu items and all were great , flavor was on point and prices were great . this place is a great addition to my neighborhood and i wish them well and i will be back ! ,We love this place, the service is excellent and it has the best barbecue in the neighborhood (and yes, Fette Sau is their neighbor.). We just had  moist, smokey, tender pulled chicken. Their brisket and wings are also phenomenal. The vegetables were succotash, and although I grew up hating succotash as a kid, the chef makes it with edamame, roasted corn and seasonings that have turned me into a succotash addict. Our waitress was great, a bundle of fun, attentive energy. They have also built a great tap selection befitting of Fishtown's reputation as one of the east coast's best beer destinations. We are going to be regulars here.I'd go 3.5 if possible. Great little BBQ place overall but there are a lot of good to great BBQ places in the area so one can be picky. They have a great beer menu and their food menu covers all the major points you'd expect to see. I almost always judge a BBQ place by the brisket so I went with that. It was billed as "cooked for 20 hours" but I have a hard time believing that. Even still it was pretty good. None of the meat my family ordered would be described as falling off the bone but it was good and well seasoned. 
One big plus here is the emphasis they have on food for kids. We are always looking for a place with food our kids will eat. They will try some things but they are kids and I don't expect them to be overly adventurous. That said finding a place we can all go that is not a chain restaurant is not always easy.  Now Bubba's is a bar so it's not like there are costumed characters walking around the place to entertain - thank Jebus - they simply have a few things no kid will argue with to pick from. I appreciate this as my kids sometimes enjoy the comfort of chicken fingers. I'll let that fly if it means a peaceful night out together.
All in all good stuff.I was very excited to try out Bubba's Texas BBQ. I looooove BBQ, especially brisket and ribs and luckily for me, after reading other reviews, this sounded like the place to go for both. I also happen to adore mac and cheese and baked beans as my sides. So, I hadn't eaten a good meal for 2 days, just so I wouldn't feel too guilty about eating the plethora of meat I was going to order. 
My party of 2 easily found a spot to sit. The menu had pulled pork or pulled chicken ONLY. The server said that they were changing some things around and didn't know when the regular menu would be back up. Here is my feeling on he matter - why would you not post that on your website? I know, to keep people coming, but still it's bad form. The restaurant opened around 5 and we had gotten there at 6 on Friday night. My boyfriend order the pork wings to start, only to be told they weren't ready. So, he had to get fries, which were OK only. I ordered the sandwich trio, which I was waiting for the server to say was impossible to make because they were only serving 2 meats. She didn't and she brought out the sandwich and it was 3 sandwiches, but 2 meats (they gave me 2 pulled pork sandwiches). I still found it odd that not one person who worked mentioned that to me at any point. So, I found comfort in the fact that I could still get my delicious sides of mac and cheese and baked beans. The only problem was that there were no baked beans. Just to repeat myself one more time - this was a FRIDAY NIGHT at 6PM and there were 3 other groups in the whole place. Needless to say I was dissapointed in that as well. My boyfriend had a buffalo mac and cheese that I had some of that was pretty good, but I wasn't wow'ed...at all.
The service was also OK. Our waitress was efficient and kept refilling our drinks.
Bottom Line: I really wanted to like the place, but it all was forgettable. I can get better BBQ basically anywhere that has a smoker. Also, I think I was just ticked off at the dishonesty in the whole thing. Just say, "hey, we're renovating!" or whatever they are doing. I would have had a lot more patience and probably wouldn't have felt as compelled to write this review if there was some explanation for why the menu played a disappearing act.I was pretty impressed with my brisket, and I think everyone should go here instead of Fette Sau. Steven Starr doesn't need any more money.Awesome Food! I been here twice this week and everything I have had was so good, esp the MAC & CHEESE!!! make sure if you go to try the mac & cheese. And ask them to make the homemade honey mustard dressing!Excellent BBQ for the city (from a Southern girl!) we tried the ribs (very smoky, good and burnt but still tender), pulled pork (nice and plain so you can add sauce as you like), collards (I dare say as good as mine!) cornbread muffins great-not overly sweet, coleslaw-not my style but BF loved, beans (novel concept with a mix of several kinds, but not that great-blah and bland). Don't know if its a good or bad thing that we are now right around the corner!Hands down the best wings I've ever had. The hot and BBQ sauces were delish. Ribs were plentiful and tasty, the only downside was the brisket which was a bit fatty but otherwise tasty.Met one of the owners, awesome vibe in the place.
A little heavy on the char side of smoked meat taste, but everything was amazing none-the-less.
Bubba's beans are a must to try, great take on baked beans.
The ambiance was a mix of yuppie and hipster, but it was opening night, that may change as the place sits smack dab between Northern Liberties, and Frankford Ave/Fishtown revival district.I've been skeptical about eating BBQ in Philly since it is traditionally a Southern favorite and my mind was changed after experiencing a delicious feast at this joint. Evan welcomed me with open arms when I strolled thru the door and was quick to point out the meats and gave me a tour of the smokers, which they have 12 of them. I saw the brisket, pork belly, ribs and chicken in their smoker and they use hickory and oak so I was excited they were cooking over wood and met Chef Mike who seems to enjoy his craft and takes pride in his work. For starters, I tried the smoked chicken wings with hot sauce and they are meaty wings, tasty and you can definitely taste the smoke and they also have pig wings which I did not try. After I finished my wings, Evan brought my sampler platter and it was food fit for a King. Pulled pork, brisket(moist & lean), pork belly, and a couple of pork ribs which were great because they were flavorful, meaty and fell off the bone! He also gave me potatoe salad, flavorful selection of assorted beans, cole slaw and lastly, collard greens and they had pieces of brisket. The food was so mouthwatering and very little sauce and the prices are very reasonable in this joint! Kudos to Chef, Mike for the delicious food and I've definitely found a great BBQ place that is closer to my home than making my 2-3 month trip down South! Great job!We went here with high expectations.  They had relatively good reviews on Yelp, plus the hype from the new Food Network show.  We were disappointed.
The decor is nice - lots of dark wood, new tables and chairs, and comfortable.  It struck us that it was mainly a bar, with a few tables for food seemingly as an afterthought.  It's pretty loud.  We're not drinkers, so we came for the BBQ.  The server was friendly and attentive.
We ordered a few things off the menu, which is written in chalk on the wall (no printed menus), and changes nightly.
We got the bacon mac and cheese starter, the chili fries, a half-rack of ribs, and the slider trio.
The bacon mac and cheese was a pretty big portion - this could easily be eaten as an entree - but it was nothing to write home about.  Rotini macaroni with a pretty average cheese sauce, and not much bacon, baked in the oven.  Our portion was only warm, not hot, leading me to believe it was under a warmer (or maybe even not), until the rest of our food was ready.
The chili fries were okay, they had pulled pork in the chili instead of beef, which was ok, but the chili itself was just average, and no kick to it.  Again, the fries and the chili were warm, not hot.  When we asked the waitress about the pulled pork in the chili, she told us that the chili can change from night to night, they never do it the same way.  Wait...what?  A restaurant, that doesn't use recipes???  I can understand switching up the menu items, sure.  But if I'm craving their chili (or anything else), I want to know the next time I go, it will be the same as it was the last time, not totally different.
The ribs were way too dry and chewy - we had to tear the meat off the bones with our teeth!  My boyfriend, who NEVER complains/sends things back in restaurants, sent them back.  The waitress was apologetic, but she didn't seem at all surprised, like she'd heard this before.
The slider trio was good.  We got one each of pulled pork, pulled chicken, and brisket.  I loved the pulled pork and the chicken (I'm not a big fan of brisket in general).  My boyfriend thought the chicken was a bit dry, but I thought it was awesome.
Unfortunately, the sliders were just not good enough to redeem the meal for us.  We won't be going back.Bubbas was okay.  Checked out on a Sunday night and the place was empty, few people at the bar. We sampled the lonestar cowboy platter which consisted of 3 meats and 3 sides. The pulled pork was to saucy for my liking, the brisket tender and smokey, the ribs fall of the bone tender and the chicken i didn't try. The ribs were added in error.  Sides were ho hum; green beans, collard greens and baked beans.  Extremely friendly staff.  Left there with enough leftovers to feed a family of 4.Solid BBQ in Fishtown. Not trying to be fancy, just a good, chill place to go.
All of the meat is well done. Brisket and pulled pork are my favorites. 
Baked beans are insanely good. Nothing like I've ever had before.  Potato salad is also excellent with chunks of bacon in it!The bacon mac n cheese is insane! Definitely get it.  Good food and music (they were playing At the Drive in when i showed up)
Got the brisket and baked beans.  Beans got a kick to them.  Corn bread was pretty good too.  
Definitely would come back next time I'm in Philly.I had a pretty good experience going here.  I got the brisket, which actually was a great, delicious brisket (as compared to the "brisket" you'll get at a typical diner).
My critiques: the brisket was too salty for me.  Yes, I realize this might be a Texas thing, but why over-salt to begin with?  Why not let people salt to taste?Bubba has his own show on food network now. Creative people. The food is great here and it's a good value for your buck, especially the platters. We got the pulled pork, baked beans, cole slaw, collard greens, and smoked chicken. Solid sides. Great smoke flavor in the meats. The cornbread/muffins were the only item that was below par. Will go back when craving BBQ. Best I've had in Philly.Decent bbq, probably the best I've had of the currently open joints still around (RIP Bebe's...). 1/2 rack of ribs were a tad tough/dry, but the sauce was pretty darn good to make up for it. Good smokey flavor.I really like Bubba's a lot, and I hope it turns into a thriving business.  There is a lot of competition in the neighborhood, but this joint should thrive.  The small space is well utilized, lots of bar space and TVs, making this a great spot to catch a game.
There are some aspects of Bubba's that are hit or miss.  Some times, service is stellar.  On another visit, I sat at the bar with an empty glass for nearly 15 minutes.  Kinks are still being worked out on a few menus items, but overall, everything is good.
I think the wings are one of the menu standouts; they're smoked wings, and offer good flavor and different texture than anywhere else in the city.  The platters have massive amounts of food.  Brisket is another star of the menu.
While beer list is small, the prices are (mostly) decent and there's at least one interesting beer on tap. 
If for no other reason, you must come on first Friday for all you can eat roast pork.  FOR $10 DOLLARS.
Bottom Line: Great BBQ food should overcome the other small issues that mar this otherwise great spot.Best BBQ pulled pork I've ever had. The meat was super tender and juicy. The hickory smoke flavor was excellent and the BBQ sauce was great. The sandwich is very thick and is more than enough. The fries were also very good no complaints there. The only things that keep me from giving this 5 stars is that it was a little too pricy for my liking and the pickles weren't sour enough (I love pickles). Definitely will be going back and it's cool that it's open until midnight during the week and 2 on the weekends.Top-notch wings, cheap(er) beers, and smiling, friendly servers. Your tongue may not be as satisfied as it would with nearby Fette Sau, but your wallet will be much happier.I was so excited to try this restaurant only to be completely disappointed. Ordered the brisket and ribs along with potato salad and coleslaw. The brisket came out cold I sent it back, they apologized and returned it to the table several minutes later. I dug in  with my fork and the first thing that came out was a 3 inch chunk of fat!!. It turns out that only half of the order was meat, the rest was gobs of fat! I returned the meat to the kitchen. It was never replaced nor was it taken off the check.  The ribs were Texas barbecue, they were big and they were ok but  they were nothing to write home about. The potato salad is very good the coleslaw was average. I was so looking forward to great  barbecue and was so disappointed. I wound up  going around the corner to Fette Sau. There, my mission was accomplished. Outstanding food!! Not cheap, but a superior product! I had high hopes for Bubbas, but not only was I disappointed by the food, I was astounded that the meat that I returned to the kitchen was not replaced for a second time. Allowing it to remain on my check added insult to injury! I cannot see a return trip in my futureehhhh, food is okay - nothing special.  The buns were stale which for me is a deal breaker.  if you are predominately a sandwich place then your buns should be perfect. Waitress seemed attentive and she can't control that the food is sub-par.
Doubt I'll ever be back when there are so many amazing options in the neighborhood.Our group of hungry friends decided to come here to help satisfy our hunger. Yes to BBQ, yes to huge portions, and yes to TVs that showed football. Perfect combination!
However, being a BBQ place, I really was craving for some biscuits. Buttery, light, bring-me-back-to-the-South biscuits. I looked at the menu, but none to be found! I was disappointed, but my love for Mac and Cheese helped me forget my desperate cry for biscuits. Why? SMOKED BACON topped with melted cheddar and pepperjack cheeses. Oh my, they weren't kidding with the smoky flavor. Cheese was good and oozy, but it was slightly oily. Flavor was good, but slightly overwhelming with the smokiness. 
Around the table, the boys ordered platters of ginormous portions of BBQ, wings, brisket, and pulled pork. I tasted the collard greens, and they were delicious! The meals were served on giant cafeteria lunch trays. Not kidding. If you're super hungry, this is definitely the place to go! Wash it down with a few beers, and you're guaranteed to be in a food coma within minutes. (May need to get a designated driver after this place!)Went to Bubba's last night for the first time. My fiance is a BBQ snob so I'm always hesitant to bring him new places but he loved it. Specifically the brisket was some of the best I have had. It was so tender it broke apart just trying to get it on your fork and had a nice flavor. The bacon mac was good, not the best I've had but eaten with a little bit of the pulled pork mixed it it was delicious.  Collard were nice and vinegary and the baked been were spicy with a large amount of pork as well. The portions are generous. We ordered the two meat combo and a mac and cheese to share and we still had at least enough for another meal to take home.  The bar tender Evan was friendly and we'll def. be back.First off... a location as close as they are to the Girard El stop could make a ton of money if they would  offer a happy hour that is suitable to people who work for a living....in otherwords...if I want to stop and have a drink after work...and see prices that are not ridiculous (i.e. a bloody mary for $8.50.... no way.... I love a good Bloody Mary and no one can top Kraftwork a few blocks down for that... so I would not even think about paying $2.00 more).....
suggestion:  happy hour 4 - 6 - and offer more than one beer as a happy hour.. maybe $1.00 off any draft... come on......your combo special wasn't bad... offer that and some wings..... you got to spend money to make money.....
I came in as the meal that I got at the River City Festial was STUPENDOUS... can't say the same thing for our meal... not bad... but got the end of the rib rack and dried out was an understatement.  Waitress didn't have a clue about being a good waitress... so I will forgive that... maybe sit at the bar next time....
chips... too salty....pulled chicken and pork... very good, cole slaw,very good, potatoe salad, very good, ribs... very to good....wings and beans, very good
bottom line...would I go back... maybe if I knew someone there that would give me the best of the rib loin.The food was awesome when bubba was running the grill. Was actually my favorite bbq in the city. apparently he got out of the business for a tv show, I ate there the other night and the food was horrible. The ribs werent nearly as good, the brisket was horrible and used to be one of my favorites, and same with the wings. The portion of mac and cheese was smaller than half of what it used to be, and was a cheap imitation. It was like they boiled some ziti and melted some cheese on top... hideous Definitely no longer Texas BBQ. COME BACK BUBBA!The people here are wonderful! And the food is great. The pulled pork sandwich is delicious and the platters are incredibly filling. I recently had the "pork wings", which are fall-off-the-bone pork leg in buffalo sauce. You only get 3 but are surprisingly filling. Also, if you didn't know, Bubbas won Fishtown's Chili Cook-off this year, so I'd say try that!After a trip to Austin and many stops at Texas BBQ joints along the way my girlfriend and I have been waiting for what seems like forever for Bubba's to open. We noticed the open sign finally a-glow last week and made it a point to stop in for dinner this past Saturday.
The atmosphere is more or less what you would expect from a BBQ joint. Kind of a sports bar meets hunting lodge style. A large bar in the middle and lots of 4 person tables lining the walls. A couple curious looking antler chandeliers adorning the ceiling. 
Being our first time we went for the Lone Star Combo. This is basically a very healthy portion of 3 of their cuts on a large platter with 3 sides. We chose the brisket, ribs, and pulled pork with coleslaw, potato salad, and baked beans. The brisket was amazing. Melt in your mouth tender with great smoke flavor. The pulled pork was good as well. Smokey with some tang and very tender. The one piece of meat I was a little underwhelmed by would be the ribs. They were tender around the bone, but a bit dry on the end. They were also a bit under-sauced, for my liking. I would also say that the sauce, specifically on the ribs, was not to my liking. It was sweet and tangy, but had a certain flavor that I couldn't place that tasted off to me. The sauce on the pork and brisket were different than that used on the ribs and I liked them very much. The sides were all quite good as well. Standard BBQ side fare.
All-in-all the food was good. Nothing to write home about, but a decent neighborhood BBQ joint if you've got a hankering for some brisket now an then. Definitely worth a stop by if you live in No Libs or Fishtown.Lovely establishment with a great vibe, a humble but functional exterior and a friendly bartender. The draft list said they had a beer that wasn't on, but that's forgivable. The selection was nice as we waited for our to-go order. My father-in-law got the cop discount, so our meal was ten percent off. Great benefit.
We ordered the ribs, brisket, chicken, and pulled pork with baked beans, collards, slaw, and a side salad. A corn muffin, biscuit, and white bread also came with our platters.
Ribs were tender and well done. Brisket was succulent and the star of the menu, easily. Chicken, even the drum stick, was a little dry. The pulled pork was OK, a bit dry.
The sauce is the main show stopper: tangy, spicy, and sweet. I actually thought the collards (salty and smoky) and the baked beans (spicy and sweet) were delicious, too. The slaw was spot on.
Overall the food was more reliant on the sauce than I prefer, but still really good. No the best BBQ in town, but still a good spot.Stopped in last night for takeout and SO glad I did.  
While I perused the menu Bubba greeted me and dropped off homemade BBQ chips to nibble on while I perused the menu.  I asked the server (a male - not a Bubba-Qutie, sadly) for advice on choosing the ribs or the brisket.  A tough call, he said, but if he had to pick one, he'd say the brisket, only because it's smoked longer.  I was in a ribs mood, though, and ordered the 1/4 rack.  Awesome.  First, portion-wise, it's a lot of food - definitely the equivalent of a 1/2 rack anywhere else.  The care that Bubba puts into his rub and sauce is evident because the combination of the two make for a unique, complex flavor balancing sweet, savory, and spice.  It seems the sauce has some form of toasted seeds (sesame?) that brought a nice texture.  
The baked beans were unlike any others I've had, more on the creamy side with several different variety of beans; to me, they were like a twisted mashup of refried beans and chili.  Great flavor and heat.  Loved them.  Cornbread was great, too.  When he overheard I ordered the much discussed Krimpet bread pudding,  Bubba offered me a spoonful of the warm, homemade butterscotch he tops the pudding with and I could've drank a gallon of it.  It was that good.  No surprise that the pudding itself was just as amazing as people say.
The only thing that could've improved my meal was sticking around and enjoying it with a cold beer which I'll make sure to do next time.
Great place and great hospitality from Bubba.  I hope he's around for a long time!