This restaurant is like whoa! I don't usually write reviews but my experience at Bud & Marilyn's leaves me no choice. One word (or, a trendily truncated word): delish. After living in NYC the past few years, this restaurant just  may have me reconsidering my ole stompin' grounds. 
Quick rundown of tonight's dishes: 
Cheese Curd (5) - A must. Pillowy, cheesy heaven.
Lobster Bun (4) - Really great but the lobster meat was somewhat lacking. I wish I could have tried the Nashville bun as well.
Heirloom Carrots (5) - A whole lotta good right here. Melded, fresh flavors. Bugs Bunny would be proud.
Local Grits (5) - Grits, cheese, veggies. Pretty sure this should be a food group.
Short Rib Stroganoff (5) - I don't eat meat often (I just got over a bad case of vegetarianism for the past 14 years), but I stole some bites of this dish. Perfection! Be forewarned, vegetarians. 
Funfetti Cake (5) - I was bursting at the seams but made room for this monster-sized cake. Worth it. Moist, buttercream perfection with sprinkles. 
Overall: Go here and ask for Ben (waiter) - it will be hard to leave disappointed. Unless, of course, you hate great food and sprinkles (but then I don't trust you - sorry!).I don't have a long, in-depth review, but so far that seems to be the theme for reviewers of this place. If you liked Juniper Commons before it closed, the food reminds me of that. Loved the decor, but the drinks (NY and Marilyn Old Fashioned) and food, fried chicken, ribeye and short rib stroganoff (though small portion on the latter) were great! 
I've worked a restaurant when it first opened before and it takes time to get your groove, but the service was good. 
Funfetti cake is awesome. 
(Be sure to tell them you want your meal in courses or else it will come out share style- as it is ready)Service sucked! Benjamin, though appealing to the eye, if you're into the lumbersexual sort of thing, is a sub-par server. Pushy, ignorant, and cocky are only a few of his charming personality traits.
Our entrees showed up only 1.5 hours into our visit, and needless to say, the food was DA BOMB DOT COM! Cheese curds app, skirt steak, and grits a la veggies, and 5 drinks later, and we are only too happy to leave. 
Chef gets 1,000 stars. Benjamin though....What a cool throw back restaurant. The vibe matched the menu with amazing cocktail menu to match. The manager was a total babe which never hurts!Went back and got the special for the night, happened to be vegetarian. It was super oily $20 squash/ravioli, I didn't enjoy. But the service was great and the biscuits are still amazing. If I ever have meat again I'll come back for the fried chicken :PThis is a great place for a date or special occasion.  The atmosphere is comfortable and trendy.  The staff is very good and the food was delicious.  My only complaint was that my potatoes were a bit salty.Food was great. Service could have been Better. Loved the cheese curds and drinks. Main course was a little dry but overall would recommend them.I recently went here for CC Restaurant Week lunch.  I made a reservation for 12pm (when the restaurant opens) and upon arriving right at noon there were people waiting to be let in-we were seated right away, and by 12:30pm the restaurant was packed. Their restaurant week lunch menu offered a large selection of options with dishes that were marked indicating they could be made vegan upon request.  I went with a party of 3, we all enjoyed all of our courses (I got the Nashville hot buns-ton of flavor with definitely a kick to them, the turkey sandwich-standard but yummy, and the apple pie-amazing), and left super full. I definitely want to return for dinner to try their fried chicken!Four of us went to Bud and Marilyn's last night for dinner. 
Food-  The Nashville hot bun was awesome!  I had the first one and ordered a second- the fried chicken and ranch was a perfect combo, with dill pickles on top and a fresh soft bun. They did a great job with this dish.  The cheese curds were also great- my wife and her sister are suckers for all things cheese and they can't wait to come back for more.  The fried chicken and biscuits was one of the best in Philly, better than federal donuts and Khyber pass pub (which is at the top of my list for philly pubs).  The beer brat bun was good, but I was just reminded that I am not a huge brat fan.  Good dish, but just not my thing.
Drink- The cranberry Moscow mule was a hit with the ladies.  The happy hour Cabernet was good and the buds bourbon made a solid finish.  Their cocktail list looks great and I will be trying one of their signature old fashioneds next time.  
The bartender was also really friendly and her service was great.  We will definitely come back soon.Fried chicken is excellent. I rarely eat breast meat, but I ate theirs. Good fries too. I was surprised how fast and pleasant the service is. Good selection of beers and cocktails. Altogether a very enjoyable lunch.Awesome little homage to retro/throwback cuisine, with a touch of modern sprinkled in. Great ambiance, efficient service, and classic cocktails (they had an excellent Bee's Knees!). We had the cinnamon rolls, shakshuka, and the half fried chicken which came with every accompaniment you could wish for. All were insanely delicious. Decor was legit and authentic. Volume/noise was bustling and pleasant but not too loud. Had major French Toast envy looking at the table next door. Would definitely recommend.Only had a drink here; but I have to comment on the vibe of Bud & Marilyn's, because it was just that good.
First of all, the lighting, decor, layout, and noise control is all perfectly balanced. As soon as you walk in, you're met with this great buzz of energy. And it's feel good energy (not stressed out energy, nor is it pretentious in any way; it's FABULOUS).
One thing that struck me, in particular, was how HAPPY every single customer was. Everyone was smiling and enjoying his/herself immensely. Again, this has to do with the contagious good vibe of the restaurant. Kudos to the entire staff, on this one!
We sat at the bar, and it was perfect. Unique, kitschy- yet refined, with tremendous attention to detail. Drinks were perfect, and the stemware and glassware is so fun. 
I will be moving into the city come spring, and will absolutely be returning to B&M's regularly. It's just too good not to. Cheers!Stopped in for brunch.  Food was good, service not so much and very slow.  The 2 hosts didn't seem very efficient with seating.  The restaurant was 1/2 - 3/4 full and there were lots of open and cleared/set tables available.  Yet the party of 2 in front of us had to wait a few minutes before being seated.  Once they were sat, my part of 2 had to wait an additional 5 minutes before being seated.  Didn't seem to be any reason why?  Again, there were at least 5 open tables of 2 that we could see were ready.  Once seated, our server was slow and took a long time before taking our order.  Once the food arrived, it was overall tasty and we enjoyed it.  When we were finished eating, we sat and sat.  Our server was no where to be found.  After a long time, someone else finally cleared our empty plates of the table.  We continued sitting, waiting for our server so we could get our check.  She never came.  We couldn't take waiting any longer and I had walk to the bar to ask someone to either find our server or get our check.  A few minutes later, our server finally came by with the check.  From the time we finished eating until when we saw our server and got our check, 20-25 minutes went by.  Way too long.
The food was good and deserved 4 stars.  The service deserved 2 stars, resulting in the 3 star review.  Please don't let poor service ruin a good meal.Eh. I had chilaquiles verdes (pulled pork on corn tortillas), which was all right. I am not a huge fan of Mexican food, so it was probably not the best thing to order, but none of the other dishes looked appealing enough to me. I probably should return here again to try other dishes though.This joint is hidden gem in plain sight. I am normally not around the area, so I was surprised that there was such a chill and good place near me. I had a four course meal that consisted their cheesey pretzel bread, watermelon and beet salad, fried chicken, and melon sorbet. Needless to say it was a fruit and refreshing meal. The highlights of the meal was the watermelon and beet salad with the melon dessert. 
They both tasted fresh and healthy. Not sure of the dessert is but it was pretty good quality. Creamy and light on the tongue. On top of the good meals, the side was attentive and friendly. Another point to be mentioned. I did need the extra water refills since my friend chicken was a bit dry and disappointing. 
For being the bulk of my meal, I was not impressed. Popeyes would have been better. There was not alot of crunch. The honey butter was a nice touch though.
Overall, the meal costed over $60. It was a nice change of pace from my usual spots. Peep this place out. Nice date spot. The drinks seem good too but I did not try them.I have visited Bud and Marilyn's a few times, most recently for lunch during Center City Restaurant Week. The menu has a ton of options, including choices for the health conscious and for those looking for something delicious to splurge on. Some restaurants have very limited menus for restaurant week and smaller portions--not the case here. 
Between the four of us we had a variety of dishes, all of which were great. The cheese curds appetizer definitely has enough to share for the table. I had the double party burger for my entree and it was great. The fried chicken dish also got rave reviews. I'm a lover of bread pudding, so I was really excited that it was a dessert option, but didn't like it as much as I had thought (more dense than I like). My friend likes it this way, so we traded and I had the peanut butter mousse which was awesome.Wow - skip green eggs and their ridiculous line and GO HERE! Bud and Marilyn's has one of thE best brunch menus I've ever seen. The biscuits and gravy, shrimp po boy Benedict, and almond crusted French toast were amazing. The place has such a good vibe and shout out to the nicest waiter ever Nick! Love this place will definitely be back!I was really sad to see that when I did a Yelp search on Pancakes in Philadelphia, Bud & Marilyns did not come up.  In my opinion, it should be No 1 because their pancakes are AMAZING!  We had the lemon ricotta pancakes and I wanted to go back into the kitchen to find out how they got them SO FLUFFY and evenly cooked.  Along with the pancakes, everything our table was delicious and the drinks were fun and flavorful too.  Enjoy!We had a gorgeous meal here, recommended by a friend for an anniversary outing.  Started with the foie mousse - delicious and it comes with the most amazing bread (you'll want to ask for extra). 
The highlight of the meal, though, was the stroganoff - it sounds so simple but it came with the most tender and flavorful meat, and the house-extruded noodles were perfectly hearty. Mmmmmmh.
For dessert there was a blueberry and rhubarb cobbler, which had lots of fruit and toasted cubes of the bread (and ice cream, obvs).  Also delicious though we were so full of delicious stroganoff (seriously, go try it).
Our server was awesome, the ambiance was romantic, cozy, and fun.  I would definitely have a return visit.
(did I mention the stroganoff)Went here for lunch during restaurant week, it was A, Okay lol. I've only heard great things about this place, but it was average. I do not have any complaints, I have just been to better places in the city.
I ordered the nashville hot buns (they were actually very good), I ordered their double patty burger (it was average at best, definitely way better places for burgers in the city) and for dessert I had their apple cranberry slab pie which really didn't do anything for me. 
I would definitely go back, but I would make sure to order something different. Although I would have their nashville hot buns again!Great restaurant!  Been here a couple times recently. Both times have been great. Food and service were awesome.  Sat at a table by the bar and ambiance was perfect.  Had the cheese curds, heirloom tomato salad (SO good), friend chicken, pork belly buns, and pierogies.  All were delicious. Cocktails were terrific as well.  Will definitely be back again soon!YES:
-Happy hour. They have a killer happy hour. Get the buns, the curds, the cranberry mule. Set.
-Cheese curds. They deserve their own bullet. Seriously, I don't know how they managed to pull off such a fantastic menu item.
-Dessert. Whiskey bourbon bread pudding is delicious. Need to try that funetti cake.
-Cocktails. They seem to have the mixing game down.
-Bathrooms. Super cute and private stalls. There's only three unisex stalls, however, so you may need to wait.
-Tiki bar. Bring it back! Such a lovely reprieve from the winter. From what the host said prior to its December closing, the owners are considering re-opening it each winter as a seasonal pop-up. I really hope they do! It was adorable and so welcoming.
-Bar seats. So cute, retro and comfy!
NO:
-Beer. Do not bother. My requested $7 brown ale was a grand cru. I pointed it out and the server told me I was wrong. I was actually not wrong. Small pour too.
-Fried chicken. I don't understand. The chicken was dry and boring. The bun was dry and boring. How do all the critics love this dry and boring plate? Or did I just get a poor plate courtesy of Restaurant Week?
-High tops behind the bar. I made a RW res at the beginning of January, so when we were pointed to the first high top in front of the door, I requested a different table. Hostess replied by staring at me without using words. I then said, "Um, can we have this one then?" (Aka the high-top one back). She hesitantly said okay, but it didn't matter anyway. As a chronically cold person, I froze the whole meal. And the seat was painful.
VERDICT:
No to Restaurant Week. Yes to Happy Hour. I'd gladly go back and eat/drink their entire HH menu whenever possible. If I did go back for a full meal, I'd request a table in the dining area away from the door. And order a cocktail. Lesson learned.Barbuzzo and Jamonera are two of my favorites, so I had pretty high expectations. I don't think it met them, but it's still a pretty solid place.
The drinks were pretty good and reasonably priced.
The cheese curds were fantastic, as were the dipping sauces they came with.
The Nashville hot buns were disappointing, as the bread to chicken ratio was off. Also had too much of the slaw, which overpowered the rest of it. I think I expected more of a slider than open-faced sandwich.
The fried chicken was good, but not great. The breading didn't really stick too well, and it was a bit under-seasoned. Needed some kick and maybe some honey or something. The biscuits were exceedingly dry. I'm not sure what it is in this city, but really no one can make a correct biscuit. Really makes me miss South Carolina and Texas.
The chocolate peanut butter cake was incredible and huge.
Service was good, and decor and atmosphere were solid, if a bit noisy.
Overall, I'd come back and give some other dishes a try, but I don't think it's necessarily a notably great restaurant.Add this to the list of center city restaurants in Philly I will return to for dinner.  It succeeds in doing what I think Jones wanted to capture but wasn't able to.
Come here hungry and yearning for the less healthy options - fried chicken, meatloaf, pierogies - because they are killer good. Particularly the pierogies which are just the right amount of crispy goodness and served with an interesting creme fraiche. For those insisting on behaving and being healthy, the roasted trout was cooked perfectly and had a lot of flavor.
Service is stellar and a special shout-out to the hosts who were super attentive and active all night long. Our waitress was accommodating to a birthday celebration request and made the dessert special.
I'd like to check out the brunch at Bud & Marilyn's because the menu looks promising. Also, I'm embarrassed to say I didn't order the warm buttermilk biscuits because I didn't realize they were on the menu until it was too late. So don't make the same mistake - they looked delicious from afar.Great food. Great drinks. Great atmosphere. We come to Philly once a year and have stopped here every time without disappointment!Came here on a rainy Saturday night for dinner and drinks with a friend. Ambience was nice - place was dark and it had an upbeat fun vibe to it. Place was packed but not overcrowded.
Our waiter was super friendly, upbeat, and service was just right. He was attentive but not overbearing.
I had the moscow mule and it was yummy. A bit pricey but standard pricing for a place in Philly. For dinner, I tried Marilyn's fried chicken and it was delicious! I finished the entire thing. The biscuits were warm and buttery too. Definitely would recommend this dish but it is a little pricey ($20). My friend had the smoked cheddar pierogies and she loved them so much that she even ordered a second serving. 
This is a great spot for dinner with friends or for a date. Would definitely come back!The hype of this restaurant is well deserved.  Everything was good.  It is very loud in the restaurant, so if you're looking for a nice conversation without shouting, this is not the place.  I went on a Wednesday evening and it was packed.  The cheese curds were fabulous.  I've had these in Wisconsin and they weren't as good.  The Nashville Hot Buns weren't that great...there is an odd flavor with the fried chicken, but the bun itself was buttery and delicious.  Pierogies were decent, very flavorful and well fried (not pan fried like I was expecting).  Bacon mac and cheese with brussel sprouts were very cheesy, gooey, and delicious.  If you like bacon and cheese, this dish is excellent.  I was a bit a disappointed with the meatloaf.  It looked fantastic and the reviews seemed to be great, but the meatloaf itself was very cheesy.  The roasted veggies, sauce, and mashed potatoes were excellent.  And finally the dessert...GET the funfetti cake.  It is so delicious.  Not too sweet, subtle strawberry buttercream, deliciousness!  We also ordered the blueberry cobbler and it was very disappointed.  Very tart and one note.  Just get the funfetti cake.Everything was absolutely delicious. Cocktails were on point. The food was awesome. Service was phenomenal. I'm happy we gave this place a chance!Marilyn's Fried Chicken! Enough said. Delicious from the steaming hot chicken to the zucchini pickles. I've heard great things for a while about Bud & Marilyn's for years and finally checked it out. So much good food on the menu that I will definitely be back to try! Great service and drinks too!This place was amazing! Everything was mouth watering and delicious. I'm pretty sure I over ordered because everything looked so good, and nothing disappointed. 
The wait staff was super friendly, and helpful with picking items out on the menu (including cocktails). 
While I was there I was telling people to make sure they come and try it!Great meal. I was here alone around 9:00 after working late. The iceberg salad was huge & tasty. The lamb Bolognese was excellent-firm pasta & seasoned sauce for the ground lamb 
The little pecan pie (shaped more like a muffin) was the best I've ever had, with none of that gooey jell most versions have. Nice atmosphere. 
I may go back here this trip.I don't know that I can add to their obvious awesomeness but it was indeed awesomeness. I ordered the shrimp and grits which were great but I wish I would have ordered the Nashville chicken. My wife did. She won. But it's not like I lost. 
I didn't give 5 starts bc whole they were busy we only saw the server 4 times and we had to get up and get pepper for ourselves. The table next to us also asked I I could get them some salt and hot sauce. 
What can I say, I'd go back again and again. Our sever was very nice and helpful--maybe they just need more staff? It's not like I ever saw her sitting still. She was constantly working. That's my only critique. 
Best chicken ever. ever. Order 2, maybe 3This was our first visit and we were impressed on some accounts and just 'ok' on others.  First the bench seating near the window is bad.   I sat on the very cushy bench and sunk down so far it was an uncomfortably awkward reach to the table.  Also, my wife who sat in a regular dining chair appeared several inches higher than me... was weird - 3 stars on atmosphere.  The food... 5 stars plus for the hot buttered pork belly buns!  These were really to die for.  I had the fontina meatloaf (5 stars plus) which was really terrific except the whipped potatoes were luke warm to cold (1 star)!  My wife had the brick grilled chicken which was only ok.  It tasted good but was dry (3 stars at best).  The funfetti cake for dessert was huge and very good... All in all, we'd go back but hope for some things being better.  And, we won't sit on the bench seating!The noise level in this restaurant makes it virtually impossible to hold a conversation. Low light level made reading the menu a challenge. If you can get past those obstacles you will find the food a delight and the service efficient and friendly.Me and my bf went here last Friday for the first time after the Martin Comedy Show. I'm a foodie so I like trying new places. I found this place on my Instagram (dangg_daobi) and the food looked out of site so I decided that's our next restaurant to try out. Location-Great, Atmosphere-Great, Customer Service-Great, Food-Not to Great! We were veryyyyy Disappointed. Idk if the chef went home early that night or he/she just didn't feel like cooking no more (mind you it was 11pm). We started with the PuPu platter (which was over priced). Presentation wise -Nice but tooo much green Leafs. The PuPu platter had no flavor except toooo much garlic. Chicken wings was dry, tuna had a weird after taste, the short ribs tasted like garlic n charcole, the chicken/beef on the stick was okay, and that garlic bread was hard as a Rock! Nowww after tasting that I wish we didn't already put our order in for an entree cuz I would've left at that point but we decided to give it another try. We ordered the chicken & biscuits with a side of mash potatoes. Presentation wise- Great, taste wise - Absolutely Horrible. My thing is I never been to a restaurant that served flavor-less food. The Chicken was near dear burnt and completely dry. It was like they fried all the juice out the chicken. Then it has absolutely no flavor. It was like they dipped the chicken in flour then threw it in the fryer. After the first bite I was completely Done! I then tried the biscuits. Lawddd where they hard and dry as shit. Spreading butter on them things couldn't even help it out. I then tried the mash potatoes because in my head I thought You can't really mess up mash potatoes. Boyyy was I wrong... The potatoes didn't have no flavor either, tasted like the cooked it in water because they ran out of milk. At that point I was pissed at the entire restaurant. Then on top of that they had no bbq sauce and when I tried to order a non alcohol drink (Shirley Temple) because I had to drive home that night the waiter said we don't have that but we have something similar to it but it has alcohol in it  I just said I don't want an alcoholic drink. Then I asked her if she could take the alcohol out of it and she told me No; ummm okay! I told her to take this food back. Then when the bill comes it was $80 minus my entree that was removed. That was the most expensive dry flavorless chicken I have ever paid for. I would have been better off going to KFC/Popeyes atleast I'm guaranteed some flavor. Oh that place messed up my whole mood the rest of the night mind you we came all the way from Milford De. We ended going to McDonald's because we were hungry. This places is a huge disappointment. Pictures are very deceiving! This place will be Put on my (DNR list) Do Not Return. Until they get someone who can add flavor to there food and lower there prices. My bf gave the left overs to his dog atleast it didn't go to waste.Ok, it really doesn't need to be said anymore, but those cheese curds. Damn! We started our night with two drinks, and an order of curds.  Of the two sauces, the ranch is the stronger contender. I shared an order with a friend and we were both trying to have manners, but obviously just wanted to stick our finger in the souffle cup to get the last of it. 
We also both loved the Pimento Cheese with toasted brioche and pickles (thanks for making an exactly equal amount of pickled veggies so we didn't have to decide who got which piece-there were 2 of each!) 
After munching on Happy Hour cheese, we decided to split the Korean Glazed Tofu buns from the dinner menu. These were yummy, and a great deal for $8 for 2. I was happy with everything I got and the service was stellar. We sat at the bar and never felt rushed or ignored by our server. 
Kudos as well for having non-alcoholic cocktails on the menu! I got the "Couples Skate" which was tart and delicious. It came in a champagne saucer, and as a non-drinker, I finally felt like an adult at the bar for the first time in my life! My ladydate got a Gimlet Slush which came in a Bud & Marilyn's mug with a SWIZZLE STICK-YASSSS! (Note to self: Can you buy these mugs? I need one!) 
The vibe is very retro. Like a mid-century dinner party complete with kitschy furnishings and stemware (Make sure you swing by the restrooms-most of the best camp-tastic decor can be found in and around the three individual stalls-Kinda made me want to check out all 3!). The bar is decorated with vintage glassware and the whole vibe is sort of Don Draper liquid lunch with a more modern menu. I'm a big fan. Heading back tonight!Food was great. Stroganoff, biscuits, heirloom tomato salad. Outstanding flavor on everything. I would point out, though, that, contrary to the way the server (and the menu) described, these portions are not necessarily large enough to share. Don't get me wrong...these were mighty delicious, but, if you come in expecting to share a salad and an entree you will likely leave hungry (or you should order an extra side (grits) AND biscuits ;). The food prices are fair for the quality. My only "complaint" here is that they are serving martinis in "coupe" glasses. I dislike this practice. I like my martinis shaken, not stirred and served in the proper glass.Great atmosphere, friendly service, delicious food and drink. The warm skillet bread is a must! Their fired chicken was also one of the best, crispy and flavorful!I'm a fan of cheese. So cheese curds just lured me right in.  Had dinner here for our second night in town.  The cheese curds were great! Could of been more considering they were $8 for an appetizer. But they were delicious. Then we ordered the famous Fried Chicken.  Now, my view of Fried Chicken is skewed after having Texas Southern Fried Chicken. So for me their chicken didn't do it. Neither did their biscuits. It had a coconut taste which through me off.  I like coconut but not for my chicken.  And the biscuits again just didn't taste how I expected.  So it's a matter of flavor for me. But the staff was great and attentive. The music was perfect playing soulful tunes and so was the ambiance.  It's got candle lit tables and a dark yet calming vibe.  I would return but would try something else. This place is good if you want to go out on a date or want to have a classier mood out. Oh! And let's talk about CAKE! That was the winner! A giant piece of Funfetti cake with Vanilla icing. It is not for the faint of heart. Everyone around us wanted to volunteer to eat that cake. Get it! It's worth it! But do make sure to share, otherwise you will go into a sugar coma!Great location on corner of 13th & Locust.  Easy access from PATCO or SEPTA.  Be sure to make a reservation.  Fills up quick at dinner!
Great interior.  Seating allows for a range of sitting at table, bar or counter top that runs along side the kitchen.  Great for both a HH gathering or hot date!  Nice range of drinks but cocktails stand out the most.  Also, their food is great and the chicken is outstanding!  Staff has been super friendly and accommodating.  Professional and down to earth.
Bud & Marilyn's leaves you satisfied and wanting to come back and try more.The Nashville Hot Buns are the stuff dreams are made of - buttery, creamy, crunchy, juicy all at the same time. The serving size was a little small though, with two small buns for $10, so would recommend coming here for happy hour to try it. But it is so, so good.
The Fried Chicken was pretty filling, with a spread of pickles, biscuits, and half a bird. I wasn't super duper impressed by the chicken itself - it was decent, but didn't feel juicy enough and the crust was a little hard. Not bad at all though, just not as good as the hot buns. I did enjoy the biscuits a lot though - they were perfectly crumbly, and the side of pickles also balances out the richness of the chicken and biscuits well. 
Looking forward to coming back for happy hour to try more of the small bites (the server recommended the cheese curds as a popular item)!Came here for lunch on a Friday with pretty high expectations! The service and ambience were great and our food came out relatively quickly even though they were ultra busy! 
We started off with the cheese curds which had a great crispy outer shell, but were just a tad too salty. The chipotle/smokey salsa and ranch dipping sauce were AMAZING and complimented the cheese curds nicely (we devoured them in minutes). 
For drinks we tried the radio days cocktail which was absolutely DELICIOUS -similar to a sangria that I could probably drink all day! 
Next up, we ordered the Nashville hot buns- super disappointing. I really wanted to love the dish as a whole, but found myself liking individual components instead. The buns themselves were a little too greasy and sweet for me. The chicken had a super crunchy coating, but were also sweet with no heat. The hot buns were topped off with a vegetable slaw which was easily my favorite part- hints of cilantro and mint made the dish refreshing! Overall, not enough heat but vegetable slaw was on point. 
We also ordered a side of the Kennebec fries which were fried to perfection! 
Finally, we finished up with the infamous funfetti cake- presentation alone is Instagram worthy! A huge portion (totally meant to be shared) topped with sprinkles and a fortune cookie. Texture was super fluffy and it melted in your mouth. Not the best funfetti cake I've ever had, but definitely one of the prettiest! Plus, I totally LOVED the fortune cookie! 
Definitely coming back for happy hour!A friend and I were here on a Friday night.  I agree with the vintage vibes on another review. We had a great bottle of wine, shrimp po boys, fried chicken po boys, short ribs and scallops.  It was a little too much food, but all of it was spectacular.  The place was busy, but that was to be expected for a Friday.  Planning to go back and try brunch and give an updated review!Beautiful restaurant and great service. Make sure you get reservations for dinner because this place is packed. Great shareable entrees if you want a little bit of everything, very pricey compared to the size of the plates. Yard's makes a pale ale just for this restaurant that is very light and tasty, "Bud's Best Pale Ale." 
Seared sea scallops: beautifully cooked and topped with mini Johnny cakes. 
Roasted Idaho trout: forget the fried chicken, this was probably the shining star. So succulent and well-seasoned. Topped with mushroom barley and a lot of great textures. 
Marilyn's fried chicken: one drum stick and two thighs with wings. Two biscuits. Three pickles. Not a fan of the batter -- reminds me of a light Korean fried chicken batter. Biscuits were probably some of the best I had here in Philly. The house hot sauce is really delicious, nice and flavorful and not spicy. 
Will be back for happy hour.Restaurant ambience is good. I chose this place by chance and boy I was lucky! Service was awesome. 
We ordered the Pu Pu platter. Mix of Asian fusion food bites. I think it's a brilliant platter to share. The only thing was the Vietnamese meatball was a tad salty. We should have tried more items on the menu but that platter is huge for two.Bud and Marilyn are my two new best friends. If I could spend time with them every week I would. The ambiance at their place is cozy and comfortable and the food is quite yummy. It's hard to order when everything on the menu is appealing. Let me give you the breakdown....
Reservations fill up quickly so make them in advance. We came for brunch at 11am on a Sunday. The cheese curds- amazing especially with the ranch sauce.The cinnamon bun- amazing and HUGE we split it between 7 people. Our server Michael, was fun, energetic, and very helpful. I came for and successfully received the fried chicken bucket. It's no lie, it's a bucket full of 1/2 a bird and shoestring french fries. It wasn't my favorite fried chicken of all time (see Alla Spina), but it was pretty darn good. We didn't have enough room for dessert, but anywhere that serves funfetti cake has a special place in my heart. When I ordered an iced tea I was mildly weirded out that it was just a bottle of honest iced tea priced at 4 bucks. So keep that in mind if you're an iced tea drinker.  I can't wait to return again, and again, and again.Wonderful 1970s atmosphere with the best mac and cheese in town! We ordered the romaine and avocado salad and fried chicken with biscuits!! For dessert we had the brown butter apple pie and the biggest slice of fun feti cake I have ever seen! Both were amazing! We didn't try any of the drink specials but will definitely be back for happy hour!I've been here a couple of times now for drinks only. My third time here I was feeling a bit down and decided to completely indulge in the EXTREMELY unhealthy food Bud & Marlins has to offer.  
Drinks: Expensive, but good. The service is what stands out to me - amazing. My friend and I got a very sour drinks a couple of times and sent them back to make them a bit sweeter and more bearable. There was no problem and our waitress was so bubbly and didn't mind that we were being slightly snobby in our drink choices. Also there is definitely an older crowd around the bar every time I have gone.
Food: Two things I got last time with my friend were the infamous fried cheese curds and tofu buns (tried to be healthy). Tofu buns were pretty average... 80% bun, 10% tofu, and 10% garnish. The friend cheese curds though. Oh my God. It was slightly confusing to feel a love/hate relation with each bite. They are SO good but SO bad. My mouth was happy at first, but then the oils would release with each bite and I could feel my arteries clogging. This app is definitely a one in a while type of food... Maybe more like once in a year...Just amazing for brunch. 
Shrimp po boy -- winner 
Carnitas -- winner 
Lemon ricotta pancakes -- winner 
Even the coffee was amazing.delicious interesting food however, I wouldn't recommend going on the weekend if you live in the city because it's so noisy.  Also, the service was way too fast if you plan on making your dinner enjoyable and not quick.  Almost as soon as we ordered our food it was on our table before we got to even enjoy a cocktail and when we asked why it was so fast the guy said "it's Friday night!"Everything was delicious! We got the tofu hash, biscuits and gravy, and cheese curds. The cheese curds were my favorites, and I highly recommend them. :)Great cocktails, wine, and food! If you feel indulgent, you have to try the cheese curds! Highly recommend this place overall!Food was good especially the smoked fish board. The thing that upsets me is the hours. I was able to schedule 245 reservation and 15 min grace period, but the kitchen closes at 3pm. My entire party of 4 was rushed and made uncomfortable by the waitress who simply blamed us. She kind of attempted to tell me how kitchens work, me having a culinary degree was uninterested. If rating was simply on food and ambiance it would be 8.5 out of 10, however with that experience I don't think I will be back soon. However I'm not ruling them out for good.I know they just opened and are still figuring things out. These folks are usually successful in their restaurant ventures and this place did not stray away from that.  Finally got a reservation there and tried some fresh, local comfort food.  
The roti starter was pretty filing as well as the pole bean salad. Very tasty concoction.  Ginger juice soda balanced it all out well.
Main course:
Fried chicken- 5/5 so ridiculously tender and crispy they must be using corn flakes or something different for the batter.  The spice was just right. We wolfed it down even though we were full from apps.  This is the signature dish, get it!
Short rib Stroganoff - very nice pairing. High quality.  Lovely wide flat noodles and the short rib was melt in your mouth awesome ness.  
Desert was a big let down. Barely had space left but wanted to try the malt ball cake. It was average chocolate cake. Good cake but not as wild and exciting as the rest of the menu. Very sad. Should have tried a fruit pie. 
This place is definitely worth a visit. Cool decor and interesting people watching a bonusWonderful seasonal food and drinks. Fresh and original with an upbeat vibe. Have been back twice, this is a favorite.I enjoyed the fancy comfort food so much that I ate at Bud & Marilyn's twice in one week (with different companions).  Both times, I ordered seafood--first I tried the fabulous scallops with a side of mash potatoes--to die for.  The second evening, I had the trout.  Again, so delicious.  The house special cocktails are also terrific.  I cannot recommend only one, as I think we enjoyed all of them at least once!  The place is not quiet, but it has a great lively vibe.  A new favorite.Saturday we kicked off our Christmas shenanigans with a brunch stop at Bud & Marilyn's. It's one of our favorite places due to their outstanding comfort food. This time around the food was good...except for one thing:
My girlfriend was chewing and bit down on glass. She removed a small wad of food from her mouth and there was a fairly large hunk of glass. She also had small fragments of glass in her mouth and had to go to the bathroom to flush her mouth out. 
We told the waitress who took her plate away and sent over the manager or a manager. He said her meal would be replaced and comped and our party of 4 would get free dessert. 
My girlfriend was mildly traumatized and didn't eat much after that. We finished our meals and declined the dessert. They brought us two bowls of ice cream anyway. 
They did take off the one meal and didn't charge us for the ice cream we didn't order and barely ate. I feel like the response to actual glass being found in food they prepared was met with the most minimal of responses. 
There are tons of places to eat in Philadelphia...sadly Bud & Marilyn's will not be on our list anymoreI enjoyed my dinner at Bud and Marilyn's.  My gimlet cocktail was refreshing.  We had a few things on the menu and everything was pretty tasty.  We had the fried chicken sliders..they were good but had major kick at the end.  We also had the cheese curds which were shockingly delish..I've never been a cheese curd fan.  I had the stroganoff and it was also very good and meaty.  The noodles are homemade and they do give you a large portion of the short rib.  My husband had the fried chicken and was loving the extra crispness of it.  I would recommend Bud and Marilyn's!The address is actually the Independent Hotel on Locust, but just go around the corner and the restaurant entrance is on 13th St. Energetic vibe inside; some would say loud.  Décor reminds me of 1970's diner with retro items on the shelves behind the bar. The food was excellent.  I had the fontina and chard stuffed meatloaf with roasted carrots and peas. Portion size was just enough. The only thing I did not like about it was the "ketchupie" BBQ sauce on it. It comes with delicious mushroom gravy and the BBQ sauce interfered with the flavor of the gravy. My husband had the fried chicken. It was a huge portion with a half chicken, 2 biscuits and pickles. He loved it, including the homemade hot sauce. Service was super and the food came out fast.  It's definitely an eclectic mix of people, many who looked like they were meeting friends for drinks and dinner after work.  Lively and fun atmosphere. We would definitely go back.Had a wonderful dinner with friends after the orchestra! Would highly recommend. Had a wonderful salad and dessert!This place seems to have a lot of glowing reviews, but I definitely have a different opinion and it's almost surprising because I wanted to come here based on the reviews. 
The atmosphere of this restaurant is almost like a trendy hipster tried to create a menu based off a steakhouse and Cracker Barrel, and came up with this place. It's not necessarily a bad thing, but it's quite different. 
First, the appetizers are quite strange and almost misleading. The descriptions do them no justice as you aren't quite sure what you'll end up getting. I would NOT recommend "pork n pickles" appetizer...the 'pickles' of this dish were actually pickled vegetables, the 'warm biscuits' was one biscuit cut in half, the country pork pate was essentially cold spam, the prosciutto was a only a single slice and super fatty, and the only good thing in my opinion was the salami and the pimento.
Second, much of the menu featured items with descriptions that had random quotes around the ingredients...creating quite the confusion of what you'd actually receive. The sirloin cap steak entree - the steak itself was fine, however, there was only a smidgen of romesco under the steak and the 'loaded' mashed potatoes literally has bacon bits. Now tell me, why would a dish that costs $24 feature 'loaded' mashed potatoes with such a cheap and faux bacon topping? If you get this dish, have those bacon bits put on the side or put in the trash. 
The meatloaf entree was a little too moist for my liking, to the point where it almost could be spread over a piece of toast like hummus. It comes with carrots and peas, as well as mashed potatoes and gravy. While I'm not a fan of peas and carrots, I asked the waitress if it was possible to substitute the peas and carrots for something else. She seemed shocked that a customer would ask such a question, almost as if no one has EVER questioned anything about the menu before. She said she would see what the chef says and walked away. So as I sat there, I had no idea whether or not it could be substituted. If it was a simple no, I would have easily ordered something else, but I sat there wondering until the food came out and to my delight, I was able to get broccoli instead. 
The rest of the meal, the waitress treated us as if we were just stopping in for a drink and that was it. No compassion, no care, no actual service. She would blatantly walk by us and be extremely personable to the tables around us, but we were just mere peasants apparently. So if visit, be sure you don't ask questions about things on the menu because you'll look like you're beneath them. 
I will NOT return. It's such a shame because Little Nonna's, which is literally next door and OWNED by the same people, is such a night and day difference in service and food quality. Also it's worth noting, the happy hour and overall drink selection at Bud and Marylin's is subpar - you can find a better selection elsewhere in the same area. I'd recommend going next door and skipping this place, you'll be glad you did. 
Not the best way to spend my two-year wedding anniversary, will definitely be going somewhere else for my third!Been there for dinner and happy once each. Dinner was great but happy hour is more fun! Great deals, amazing food and good service. Come early as the bar fills fast. It's almost more fun to sit at the counter though, you get to see the crew making fun desserts and sides!After a night of copious drinking, this place is sure to hit the spot. Walking in you feel like Frank Sinatra would be sitting at the bar. It has a cool "old timey" 40's feel feel to it. Came in at 10:30a on a Saturday and beat the brunch rush that followed us shortly after. 
Be warned: this place can be VERY unhealthy. I'm usually a very healthy eater but sometimes you just have to indulge. Don't judge me based on my hangover food choices.
App: Fried cheese curds. Holy moly. Do you like mozzarella sticks? Have you always wanted to visit Guy Fieri's 'flavor town'? Enjoy both with this choice. They're gooey, moist, flavorful and savory in their tiny size. Highly recommended. 
Entree: Bucket of Fried Chicken. Now, I only eat fried chicken (besides chicken wings) maybe twice a year. So I make sure I go to well-recommended places for it. This was some of the crunchiest chicken I've ever had. Coated to perfection with crispness while being moist & juicy inside. Ate the whole half chicken (but not without a challenge since it's a considerable amount of food). Fries that came with it were also delectable by being thin and crunchy, just how I like them. 
Service: A+. Food came out very quickly. Wait staff was ultra attentive and our glasses were always full. Highly recommended for your next brunch date.Wonderful and unique brunch with a nice variety of options, especially vegetarian/vegan ones. I love the modern twist on retro and Southern dishes, which also shows in the wonderful presentation and evokes nostalgia. Prices are super reasonable too for the quality and experience.
I shared a bucket of fried chicken with my group. The pickles that accompanied it were fresh and incredibly well-seasoned, tasted like ones I've never had before. Slaw was good, as well as the fried chicken itself, but they didn't blow me away with the taste. I think it was being in a group setting, splitting Southern fried chicken that was brought to the table in a KFC-like bucket, that elevated the experience.
Everyone else's dishes, such as the shrimp po-boys and even the salads, looked tasty as well. We all cleaned off our plates :)Love this place. The breakfast was amazing.  The lemon ricotta pancakes melted in your mouth. My son had the biscuits and gravy which was mouth watering. I love eating jam with toast and they offered me their homemade preserves. Best I have ever tasted.This place is amazing! I love the fried chicken, the pu up platter was amazing and especially the short rib Kare kare. Reminds me of my mom's kare kare!This place was excellent. Try the Lakeside cocktail, the scallops and a coconut cream pie. I would go back in a heartbeat. Good location as well if you're downtown with lots of seatingAfter hearing from multiple friends to try Bud and Marilyn's, my husband and I decided to try it after receiving some good news.  Unfortunately we left pretty disappointed by the experience.  I got the cod, which was completely overwhelmed by a spicy sauce that actually left burns in my mouth.  Not to mention they managed to somehow make cod taste fishy. It was so bad my husband wouldn't even eat it and he eats everything.  He got the Nashville hot buns and a side of mashed potatoes which weren't anything special. Also, the restaurant is very loud and we found ourselves screaming at each other from across the table.  Overall, the experience was overpriced and left us wanting more.  Not sure if this has anything to do with us being from the South and it taking more than just southern cooking to impress us. It actually has to taste good.  We probably won't be back with all the other amazing restaurant options in Philly.GoodFood!  My girlfriend and I went to Bud & Marilyn's for brunch.  I had the biscuit and gravy and it was amazing.  The service was nice, but, our food took a long time to be served.  A few tables that were seated after us received their food before us.  By the time we received our food it was warm.  Thats my only ding on the place.  The atmosphere was great, I love the style of the restaurant, bathroom was clean, the staff was nice and the food was really good.  I would definitely come back and recommend this restaurant to friends.I really enjoyed this restaurant. I went with my in laws and my husband and everyone thought it was fantastic and that the atmosphere was great. 
We started with some drinks, salads and appetizers: Caesar Salad (which is not your typical caesar, very unique with fried tahini and watermelon radishes!), Wedge Salad, Steak Tartar and a special which was the mac and cheese with crispy brussel sprouts. I would say all of the appetizers were excellent with the exception of the wedge salad. This was the most disappointing item of the night as it just wasn't very flavorful. However, the mac and cheese was sophisticated and probably the best I have ever eaten (and I have eaten A LOT of mac and cheese). The steak tartar was beautiful as well. I did not love the "slush" drink that I ordered and would not recommend it.
For main dishes we had one short rib, one grilled lamb chops and two fried chickens with biscuits. I would say the fried chicken stole the show. Everything else was very good but nothing really compared to the fried chicken and biscuits which is what they are known for.
Finally, we got the brown butter apple slab pie. This was incredible. So much brown butter, sugar and really a special dish. Not your average apple pie for sure. 
Definitely will return to this one for a special occasion or date night!Came here for brunch and ordered the sakshukah, which I've always wanted to try and the Radio Days cocktail (vodka, red wine, and some other stuff). Both were great! Generous portions and great service. They also happily charged my phone for me.!my friend got the cinnamon bun, which she liked and it was huge. I want to go back and try the cheese curds and another drink!Fast service. Not impressed with the Happy Hour menu selection. Loved the cheese curds! My friend ordered the hot bun which she loved!I took my sister here for her birthday dinner recently and can't say that I'm as impressed as I was last time. Every aspect of the experience was lacking, particularly the service, which really shouldn't happen at a place with this price range. 
The hostess was not friendly (I ended up greeting her as if I was the hostess), and despite our reservation, we were not seated right away, even though we ended up getting seated at a table that had been open for about 20 mins, right next to where we were waiting. This was on a Tuesday night, and it was not particularly busy. Our server barely checked in on us. My sister ran out of sauce for her meatloaf, and we had to ask several people for more sauce until it finally came. By then, the meatloaf mashed potatoes had turned cold. We also waited a long time for our check at the end of the night. 
Food-wise, there was something off about every single item we ordered. The drinks were overly sweet. My drink - the Planter's Punch - probably contained more sugar than one should consume per day. The Crispy Cheese Curds were mostly batter, such that when we were done with it, the plate was still piled half-way with greasy beer batter crumbs. When our server saw it, she said, "Are you guys done with that? [We said "yes", to which she said] Oh, that's most people's favorite part of the dish." For some reason, I had trouble believing that people would prefer the flavorless greasy crumbs over the actual cheese part. 
For my entree, I had the Creekstone Skirt Steak, which by itself was fine, but I felt its flavor was partially ruined by an unpleasant mixture of olive/artichoke/ginger flavors, complemented by very tough pieces of artichoke. My dessert - the "Mile High" (but not actually any taller than usual) Coconut Cream Pie - was pretentious and also a turn-off. It seems they tried to be creative by making a curried sesame graham crust for it, but that combination [and I rarely say this] tasted simply disgusting. It didn't help that the "coconut" cream part tasted more waxy/starchy/corn-syrupy than creamy. I regretted following our server's recommendation in choosing this dessert. 
The only good food item we had was the Chocolate Maltball Cake, which was very moist and delicious. Even though I don't particularly love peanut butter, they put just the right amount into the frosting. However, initially, they did not put a birthday candle on my sister's dessert and even brought her the wrong item. Even before that, our sever brought out a scoop of melty vanilla ice cream with a candle on it and placed it on our table, saying she wasn't sure whose birthday it was. It was super awkward and odd that they could not figure out whether it was mine or my sister's birthday after I included this info in the reservation note; since I made the reservation, saying it's my sister's birthday, and I told them who I was, I'm pretty sure they could have figured out whose birthday it was by process of elimination if they had paid a little bit of attention.
Backtracking to the point where they brought my sister the wrong dessert, since none of the staff seemed to have it together, I had to go toward the kitchen myself and awkwardly ask the pastry person to put a candle on the cake while he was cutting it. The cake with candle finally appeared after 5-10 minutes. I still tipped generously, but this experience definitely dissuaded me from coming back. I don't think I've ever had such an expensive dining fiasco, and I felt really bad for my sister that this happened on her birthday.This place was below the boutique hotel we stayed at last weekend (The Independent).  The menu didn't really appeal to my picky husband but we stopped here after seeing Iggy Pop/Josh Homme at the Kimmel Center for a night cap.
We had a blast at the concert and were able to snag a seat at the bar.  We got a Jim Beam and coke and the Lakeside.  The Lakeside was a delicious cocktail, that's all I can remember ha ha.
It was the end of the night so the vibe was considerably winding down and mellow but I imagine it's a fun spot for snacks and appetizers and cocktails with friends.Great brunch.  We had the fried chicken and biscuits and gravy.  Superb but I had to take the spinach out of the biscuits and gravy.Awesome; the skillet bread was out of this world, and the kielbasa smoked to perfection.Really fun spot in the city.  Enjoyed the retro décor.  
Cocktail menu was very good, I enjoyed the Marilyn's Old Fashion - very refreshing.
Many in my party imbibed in the Planters Punch and were all happy!
Cheese Platter was excellent.  The selection and variety were spot on.
Try the sliders!  Lobster and Nashville were favorites.
Entrees were delicious including the fried chicken and trout.
Don't skip dessert - donuts were the perfect finish.
Thanks for a great night out in Philly Bud & Marilyn!Ok so I'm a fan of all the Turney/Safran restaurants and had tried them all except this one. I had to stop in recently and finish my rounds. While I only stopped for dessert, this place didn't disappoint. I definitely get the feel and vibe they were going with here. Retro, diner vibe.  
The server and server in training were extremely friendly and personable. They made sure to answer any questions we had. It was fairly late and the crowd had died down so it was a very relaxed environment to enjoy coffee and dessert.
We shared the sweet potato donuts, and whiskey bread pudding. Both were great but the bread pudding was outstanding!
I definitely will return soon for dinner !Holy cow was this good!!!  We ordered a friend chicken sandwich on a biscuit.  You would think the chef did nothing else but make these, it was perfect!  The biscuit was fresh and buttery golden brown.  Chicken was so crispy it crunched... A little slaw and pickles!  Home run.  Atmosphere is awesome, looks very dated on purpose, super cute!What can I say? Fantastic!!!!!! I went to there to celebrate my co-workers Bthday. The food is amazing. We have a group of 8, well.. Couldn't find a seat for everybody but doesn't matter. If you taste the food, you'll forgive this. Everything is perfect! Presentation and quality of the food is great! Def. recommend everyone to go there. Won't disappointed.