We had  bulgogi at Buk Chon's Old City Fest booth. I had it as a rice bowl and my wife had it on a roll. In deference to local culture (I guess), both were topped with cheese and I added Kimchi. The meat tasted good enough to suggest a trip to the restaurant.We've never been disappointed here. Everything we've had was delicious! Our go to is the bulgogi and bimbap bowl.Summary: worth a try if you're in the area
Overall, the food was good. We had the fried chicken appetizer, ribeye bulgogi and the Kimchi fried rice. I didn't care too much for the fried rice but the rest was tasty. Service was not great but we had brought wine to enjoy and this the slowness wasn't too bothersome. The menu is accessible and reasonably priced. Love that it's BYO. I probably wouldn't make a special trip to come here but if I found myself in the area would return for dinner and to try some new things.Last night my wife and I came in for Dinner. We weren't quite sure what to expect but decided to give it a try since it was in the city and we weren't quite sure what to eat. The food people posted looked good and we gave it a shot. We were not disappointed at all. We had the Korean Chili wings, Kim-Chi Fried rice and the Spicy Pork Bowl.
We wish the Korean Chili wings were a little bit spicier. However, we did like the fact they were super crispy and boneless. We weren't really looking to get our hands super messy last night so it was perfect!
The Kim-Fried rice was pretty good. It wasn't too spicy and it didn't have a sour after taste like some places we have tried. The portion was also perfect. not too overwhelming at all. 
I felt like the Spicy Pork Bowl was the best. Normally, when you order a hot stone bowl the rice at the bottom tends to burn very quickly. When I started tossing the rice to mix it with the veggies and the pork. It wasn't burnt at the bottom either! The green onions were a little big they weren't cut into bite size so I picked them out of the bowl. Besides that everything was great. 
There's not a lot of Korean places that I would recommend but I would definitely go here.Everything we ordered was good. As someone who grew up in Toronto with a thriving K-town where side dishes are expected, I was nonplussed. Up your side dish game.The food is so addicting! The Korean fried chicken is a must have!! It's perfect. It's crispy, sweet and spicy, practically candied. So delicious! Then I always get the Galbi. If you like short ribs, you'll love the Galbi skillet or rice bowl. The short rib is so tender and the flavor is to die for. Real Unami. Today I tried two new things that I will definitely be ordering again; the scallion pancake and shrimp fries! Both were amazing!! 
I love the inside of this restaurant. It is cozy yet feels spacious because of the high ceilings. The brick walls, candles, murals, and lighting add the it's welcoming and warm vibe. I love coming to Buk Chon with friends for a fun night or with my boyfriend for a quiet date. Service cannot be beat! Takeout is also always another great option for us Old City locals as well. 
Third time back this week. Will be back very soon!My boyfriend and I are just visiting Philadelphia for the weekend and we stumbled across Buk Chon. We didn't really have any expectations or know what to expect. It was AMAZING! We had the beef bulgogi, spicy pork bun, double fried sweet potatos and the fried boneless chicken wings with honey soy sauce. Everything was so delicious!  The portions are a great size, the price was reasonable and the staff were so polite. Would HIGHLY recommend trying it out.Great food and it comes in very generous portions. The service is great as well. I would highly recommend this restaurant.This place is legit. Best Korean food in philly. The owners passion for quality service and food is second to none. Try everything and explore the menu. Make sure to grab a reservation.Everything was delicious. I'm doing my best not to compare this to my mom's cooking because that would be ridiculous. This has an interesting blend of korean fusion dishes to appeal to everyone and that's pretty much what I had. Everything was delicious, and my american friends who never had korean were very pleased. When you're craving your mom's cooking like I do all the time, this might not be your #1 choice but it's a tasty dinner spot nonetheless.Stopped in last Saturday night on a visit to the area. We grabbed some drinks at Glory down the block and had a hankering for Korean. We arrived around 9.45p and was pretty surprised to hear that the kitchen would close at 10p (on a Saturday night)! 
Had the spicy pork Bibimbap (pictured) which was excellent. Not too spicy and a generous enough portion. 
Everyone with whom I interacted was super friendly - definitely a strength. Would strongly recommend this place for those looking for quality Korean fare but be careful to arrive on the early side!Excellent friendly service and hot delicious food. Enjoyed the spicy/flavorful ramyun soup and a generous helping of kimchi fried rice. Would certainly return!The beef bowl and soondoobu was good. No banchan here like traditional korean restaurants but the food spoke for itself.3rd review. Great place! Owner was super super friendly and accommodating. Food was excellent. Some of the best Korean I've had in recent memory. Ambiance was pretty rad as well, nice n cozy, cool walls. Most certainly be back!Spicy delicious Korean food. I tried the spicy pork buns which were flavorful and had a tinge of sweetness to it. I also had the kimchi fried rice which I asked to make it spicy and they sure didn't disappoint. On my revisit list.Love the restaurant atmosphere, it had a nice cozy feeling
The food tasted  really good . Had the Galbi( short ribs ) it was very tender and had a good taste 
Also orders the army stew , wish it had more ramen but still had a good taste itI've eaten at the restaurant this place replaced, but I have to say I'm not upset. The beef bimimbap was extraordinary and my friend had the tofu stew. They also have half off apps with the purchase of a main course, which were both also great. The only reason for docking a star is that while we were only one of two tables there (we did a pretty early dinner at 4:45), the waitress took quite a while to come over when we were ready for the check.Had lunch here today 
Have been wanting bimbimbap for several weeks. Ordered the spicy pork version based on servers recommendation. It did not disappoint. Everything I wanted plus some. The spicy pork was flavorful and tender. The veggies were perfect texture and the hot stone bowl kept the meal warm throughout 
I loved it. :)We ate here with a Korean friend who dis ALL the ordering. It was so good. 
Can't wait to go back!Great food, music and environment. Cool place to drink, have fun and go on dates. Definitely one of my favorite places to go in philly for good korean food. Also great location near Penn's landing and only a short walk away from franklins fountains great place!Exceptional food! Stumbled across this Old city gem while looking for "Hot and New" restaurants in Philly and so glad I did! 
First off, the interior is rustic and tasteful. I mean who doesn't love red (brown maybe?!) and white brick walls! There is woman's face painted on the red wall and candles adorn the white one. 
Menu looked so good that we wanted to order everything on it but went with The Spicy Pork Stone Bowl, Kimchi Fried Rice, Tofu bibimbap stone bowl, Spicy Chilli Gnocchi - if you are already drooling over the names then you have to try this place! Everything was so flavorful and I am so so glad that spicy means spicy here! 
With the stunning brick walls, a large industrial style chandelier, beautiful charcoal gray stone bowls, clean presentation and amazing food, this place clearly is one of the top Korean restaurants in Philly. I can totally see it getting more and more busy as it gets famous so come here eat while it is still a secret haha.Friendly, fast service + The fried chicken is to die for! (I got mine with the honey soy sauce) So crispy and juicy! Definitely coming back.Absolutely delicious Korean food! I especially recommend the fried kimchi and tofu! Good price and perfect location. Although the menu is some what limited, however everything is well prepared and taste like home.I lovedddd this place! It was BYOB so we brought a couple bottles of wine. I got the rice gnocchi and the soft tofu stew. Everything was so yummy and the rice gnocchi had great texture. You can't really go wrong with tofu stew so that was a safe one to order. The place was cute, kinda small so our group of 9 had to split up at first if we didn't want to wait a while. They were so nice and let us combine once the table next to us freed up though!Service: Excellent!
Atmosphere: Beautifully casual! Can't beat BYOB!
Food is where the stars fall. The Banchan pickled platter was incredibly tasty. Japchae was equally delicious. Fried chicken seemed to be a ton of breading, not much sauce or chicken. Scallion pancake with pork was very bready and almost soggy. Pork buns were decent. 
What is really a huge bummer was to find that the Bulgogi skillet was really just glorified philly steak in a hot skillet with rice. It was tasty but for $18, no thanks. I thought maybe I was being a bit critical about the steak being just thin chopped steak until I saw their lunch billboard advertising the bulgogi as a steak sandwich special.
The server accidentally put the wrong item in so we ended up getting the pork buns for free. Again, excellent customer service!Great addition to the neighborhood. Who doesn't love a Korean BYO with delicious food, top notch service, and great atmosphere? The restaurant itself it really clean, sophisticated yet comfortable, and surprisingly quiet despite a good crowd. Everything we ordered was delicious. Don't miss out on the sweet potato fries, green onion pancake, braised short rib, and rib eye skillet.Two lunches were delicious. And tonight went for dinner with a friend, shared 4 appetizers and 1 main dish and loved every bite.This place was pretty dope. And the food was really good. I was excited to see a Korean spot right around the corner from my hotel and found myself eager to check it out. (I'm glad I did.) When I arrived, there was only a group of four sitting in the back. I could see their table was full of different items and they were all eating family style... Trying everything... Laughing... Having a good time... I was low-key jealous.
I ordered the Bulgolgi with a Seaweed Salad. The meat didn't taste like most Bulgolgi that I was used to, but it was still uniquely very good on it's own. The Seaweed Salad tasted a bit more traditional and great.
I would definitely recommend this place and would love to come back... Especially when I make more friends in the area. One day...I have never eaten at the actual restaurant but have ordered take out several times. The food is wonderful. Very flavorful, nice presentation. It was hot when delivered despite living on the opposite side of town then the restaurant.Really good Korean food.
Very simple menu, but it has everything I would typically order.  Prices are very reasonable.
The Korean fried chicken was incredible.  The seafood pancake was very good as well. 
The staff is very friendly.  The Chef (Maybe the owner?) was really friendly and was very attentive.  I'll be going back.Five stars. At first I was a little suspicious, but I had vegetables and chicken and it was amazing. It was a little bit of a longer wait, but I can't blame them for having business. Overall, Food was great, Price was cheap, and the female waiters were hotWe had the spicy pork buns, kimchi, and ribeye the bowl with rice. Everything was great! It was super fast and great service! We will be back because we saw the double fried chicken on the way out and are definitely coming back to try it!I love the crispy spicy pork bao buns, a total game changer, and the Korean fried chicken. I go for these two items regularly. The bulgogi was a little underwhelming, but it's a size-able portion and there are lots of little accoutrements, which I adore. The restaurant itself is very cute and trendy and the service has always been great. Check it out, especially the bao buns!The food was great, not too expensive and very delicious. The decor is awesome, really nice vibe. Finally, the staff were very friendly and take care of their guests.I haven't been in Olde City in quite a long time, so while walking with coworkers during lunch was pleasantly surprised to see a Korean restaurant.. It's not your mom's traditional Korean restaurant, it had some modern/hip feel to it, and appears to have been a renovated bar.  The narrow entry way leads to more spaced out, dimly lit seating in the back.  
The menu was pretty standard of a Korean restaurant, appetizers such as korean wings, entrees such as bibimbap, spicy noodles, etc. I got the short rib Bibimbap for $15 while my colleagues both got the spicey soup.  Because it was a new year special, they provided a nice little rice cake soup, nice touch.  
Overall, the food and service was good, no complaints.  The portions, could've been a little bigger, but nothing.  I'd come again if in the mood for Korean food.I absolutely LOVED everything I tasted here and have been dreaming about it! In fact, I'm just recently back from traveling and it's the first meal thought about and craved!! 
We came for a large family lunch and had no problem reserving a table last minute in their somewhat odd fitting medieval feeling small dining room on a Sunday afternoon. (Watch out, they do close between lunch and dinner from 3-5pm!) I LOVED their exposed brick walls, nooks for their dripping white pillar candles, street art mural and chandelier! Good vibes!! 
I shared the tofu clay pot bibimbap with my daughter. It was tasty, piping hot and filled with veggies and crisped rice!! Delish! They give you your choice of sauce to mix in if you so choose, but I ate it plain and really enjoyed it! (It's vegan minus the egg to top.) My sister in law had the same thing only with beef and thoroughly enjoyed hers. (She's Korean, I think that holds some weight!) 
My youngest ordered her Korean favorite and a great vegetarian option, the japache, but here it's served with sweet potato noodles. It was so delish!! Perfectly cooked noodles and big vegetables in a warm, comforting toasted sesame oil! Yum! 
The table also ordered the Tteokbokki to share. It's a Chili rice cake gnocchi! I was so intrigued! There's both rice and fish cakes, so veg heads, examine closely if splitting this one. The sauce has a great kick! It's a traditional dish made modern with the addition of the mozzarella cheese. (The fusion of new and classic seems to be a theme with the entire menu, so keep your minds open if you're looking for a more traditional Korean meal here) 
My brother, who lived in Korea for years was happy to see "Army Stew", which is apparently somewhat rare in the states. 
Everyone was pleased and we immediately spoke about a return visit! 
Prices were reasonable and it's BYO!
Happy Hour is Tues, Wed, Thurs, Sun from 5-7. Half off apps with full entree purchase.We got the Galbi and kimchi fried rice. Absolutely loved them. Galbi is cooked in a French style, a fusion of Korean and French, and looks more like a lamb shank.Absolutely worth to try this place. Glad to have this Korean restaurant in the Old City. It is a quiet and clean place. The owner and chef were really friendly. Had a nice service too. Chilli gnocchi is spicy at the first taste but it becomes sweet after that with cheese. Soon dubu is a little bit sweeter than what I expected but the overall taste is good. Galbi bourguignon bowl is the one you should not miss. It is so soft and just melts in your mouth. Overall banchan taste is good and nice plating. Of course, I want to visit here again!My boyfriend and I absolutely loved our meal at Buk Chon! We got the fried sweet potato appetizer and seaweed salad and the kimchi fried rice, bibimbap on a stone bowl (with tofu and the chili sauce), and the galbi bourguignon for our entrees. The galbi fell off the bone and the kimchi fried rice was perfectly flavorful, while the bibimbap was incredibly filling and flavorful. All in all, I would absolutely recommend it for lunch or dinner. Our waiter was also very courteous and responsive.Went there for lunch on Saturday, very cool and clean atmosphere. Waitress was friendly and attentive.  We had some of their $9.99 lunch specials; rice cake gnocchi, spicy pork, beef and fried kimchee rice.  All were delicious but the best was the korean fried chicken for starters, we ordered both the chili and honey-soy...they were super crispy and a ton of flavor.  We will definitely eat here againSo. Good. Ordered the japchae, chicken (Chile sauce for the win), soondubu, kimchi and pickled radish. Was the perfect amount for two people -- we walked away stuffed! So glad to have a great Korean restaurant in Old City.I really enjoyed dinner here. This ambience is nice and cozy, the food is delicious and the service was topnotch. I came here on a Saturday night with my wife and sister. We had just left Glory Beer a few doors down, and decided to come eat here. We did not realize until we were seated that the place was byob. Luckily, there was a beer store on 2nd Street about two minutes away, and I grabbed a few beers. 
We order the Korean Fried Chicken appetizer, which came out quickly and was essentially boneless bites. The batter was delicious and the flavor of the sauce was on point. 
For dinner, I ordered the sizzling beef bibimbap. My wife ordered the bulgogi and my sister ordered the spicy pork rice bowl. My sister asked for a mild version and the server said they will try. We all really enjoyed our meals. The rice was cooked perfectly.  The flavors were delicious.  The meat tasted fresh. The portions were as expected. The pork rice bowl was still too spicy for my sister, so my wife switched with her and they both enjoyed the rest of the meals. I was super impressed with this place and was happy to have stumbled upon it. I will definitely be back. It has a very classy yet comfortable atmosphere. It is great for a date night!This restaurant is simple amazing. It is in a very nice, pleasant area in the city and could easily be missed due to it being such a small restaurant but do not be fooled.
I went here for the first time and my experience was nothing short of great. Everything from the decor, intimate settings service, food and pricing was worth my time being there. 
I ordered the Korean chicken wings and are really good. If you are looking for a good place, with a intimate setting, I would suggest considering this place.  Also, make reservations as this place can fill up fastFound it on Yelp! Great food and people!
We ordered a stone bowl spicy pork & beef and a korean fried chicken.We went for lunch with two small children and while the decor is very stylish the set-up was perfect for small kids. The server was very friendly and the food was delicious - and the lunch specials are great deals. All around great dining experience.Service is fine. My soondubu is like the worst I've ever had- no flavor at all. Fried chicken was ok, three stars. My hubs also thought his food (spicy pork) was just ok. Can't really recommend.Excellent Authentic Korean Cuisine. Staff knowledgeable and owner operators are wonderfulHip, trendy, and satisfying. We went here for my brother's birthday lunch and it was such a perfect atmosphere for a casual family meal. Their fusion food was amazing. My parents have never tried Korean food before and they left happy.They have the best soondubo soup here hands down! I haven't tried any other dishes yet but I can't wait to come back and try the Kimchee fried rice. This husband and wife shop is so cute! Only negative is the yogurt soda drink was a no good.We had a delicious meal at this new Korean restaurant in old city. Every dish was perfect. The portion sizes were plentiful and the wait staff was attentive. I really want this place to succeed because the food is delicious. Spread the word!What a gem!!!! We stumbled on this place when we couldn't get a table somewhere else and it was a great find. They had "happy hour" on a Sunday night and offered 1/2 off appetizers if you order an entree. We ordered 3 entrees and 3 appetizers for three people and were pleasantly full when we left. The fried chicken appetizer with the chili sauce was our favorite by far!  The sweet potato noodle appetizer was another unexpected favorite. The service was fantastic and the restaurant was clean and modern. This place really earns the 5 star reviews everyone gives them!!Walked by this place last week and saw that they were opening up so was looking forward to trying it out. This place definitely does not disappoint we ordered about a total of seven or eight dishes and every single one of them was absolutely delicious. By far one of the best authentic Korean restaurants around. I will definitely be back here again.Me and my friend heard about a new Korean restaurant in old city and we came right away to try it since we loved korean food. The food was very delicious and they had authentic korean drinks that I couldn't find anywhere else. The staff were also extremely nice and helpful. Definitely coming back and I recommend to anyone.I come here for lunch every week specifically for the Ramyum-spicy noodle soup. I LOVE IT, I CRAVE IT, I NEED IT NOW! The pork buns are also very delicious. 
PLEASE have the spicy noodle soup for dinner so I can come here even more. I beg you!Absolutely loved it. It's the authentic Korean restaurant Philly has been yearning for. Their staple dish, the Galbi Skillet was phenomenal--tender, juicy and flavorful. Korean fried wings and seafood pancake were also perfectly made. On top of that, Chris, the owner shared his utmost hospitality in welcoming my friends visiting from NYC and Boston. They are an ethnically diverse group so he took the time to share Korean drinking culture tips, phrases and an overall fun & fantastic experience. Cheers!Walked past here and a hunger pang struck, my stomach had made up its mind. The staff were very friendly, and we tried out two Korean drinks new to us, the Hong Cho, which tastes a bit like kombucha except you actually enjoy it, and the Yuza, a citrus drink.
We ate a bibimbop and a marinated salmon. A word of warning, the salmon is raw. Both came with side dishes, and white rice. The salmon is marinated in soy sauce and goes perfectly with a bit of white rice, the quality shows. The bibimbop was delicious and piping hot.I, unfortunately, have to update my review. The owners are so disrespectful and cannot handle take out or delivery orders. Their attitudes make ordering the chef's delicious food absolutely not worth it. Chris and Alicia, you need to get better servers and learn how to use delivery services and write down take out orders. I cannot believe I brought in so many family and friends to be treated the way I was today. I will NEVER order from or come here again. Neither will anyone I introduced to Buk Chon.We come here regularly (the Old City location is convenient and where the former Zento used to be) and are working our way through the menu--which is not that big--but what they do, they do well. All things considered, Buk Chon is arguably the best Korean restaurant in Philly, even if it's not exactly traditional (banchan side dishes cost extra; and pork buns, while tasty, aren't Korean either). The staff is friendly, but my only suggestion is that one waiter in particular invest in some body spray, as it rather noticeably detracts from the dining experience.I say everything is amazing here. fried chicken is amazing well seasoned so is the rib eye and the fried oysters are amazing as well. very delicious restaurant. very convenient being close in the city. a must try.Had to try the salad as traditionally there is no salad dish in Korean cuisine. It was surprisingly good! If there ever was a Korean salad, this is how it would taste! My daughter loved the fried chicken. She said it was very crunchy, flavorful, but a little dry. She really enjoyed it! Overall a very quaint, relaxed, diverse, and intimate environment. Loved it. Would come again.This is a great place to go on date nights! The atmosphere is nice and this restaurant has great food options. It is not the most authentic korean restaurant and is more catered toward the locals in the old city area. 
I went here twice and I must recommend the ddukbokki which they call "chilli rice gnocci" and the seafood panacake.  For a main dish, the stone bowls/beef bowls are decent. However the soft tofu stew is better in more authenic restaurants.  I would mostly come here for the tasty appetizers, atmosphere, and BYOB experience.New place to check out. Not too different than what Zento to used to look like but a great menu. Had the Korean fried chicken as an appetizer and the "army stew". Both really good. Good service and the owners said "hi". Worth it.Buk Chon does a nice job of filling in a gap in the Old City restaurant scene. It's good to have a Korean option.  To be honest, it's not my favorite Korean restaurant in the Philly area - indeed I prefer many of the ones in the Koreatown around Cheltenham Avenue - but there is still much to like here.
The physical look of the place is def appealing to the eyes - especially the rear space with the great chandelier and exposed brick wall embedded with candles.  An order of tasty pickled eggplants began the evening. Do note - there are no complimentary Banchan here.  The Korean fried chicken with chili sauce was as good as I expected.  And last but not least, the Galbi rice bowl had tender roast beef served over a sizable portion of rice. Service was decent and both my friend and I said we would return.Great food and happy hour had awesome deals on appetizers.  Steam buns were incredible and so was the bibimbapWe loved everything about this spot. It might sound weird, but this space has such a calming, relaxing atmosphere, I can't quite explain why. The dishes are beautiful and arranged with care, let alone flavorful and delicious. My friend ordered the fried rice and I ordered the bibimbap, and we highly recommend both. I've had bibimbap at several different spots around the city, and this is definitely one of the best ones I've had. Service is phenomenal, the server and manager were both attentive but not suffocating and gave us our space. Five stars all around!My favorite Korean place in Philly. 
I've become a regular customer there and absolutely love the owners, chef, and staff! 
If you are craving authentic Korean food with a bit of innovative touch, this is the place for you.
My go to dish are:
- Fried chicken or spicy pork bun appetizer
- Beef or spicy pork bibimbap in stone pot
- Short rib (kalbijjim) SkilletThis place was absolutely phenomenal! The server was extremely friendly and really took his time to explain to us what everything was and even gave us personal recommendations. His recommendations did not disappoint... he knew his stuff! On top of that, he kept his mask on and gave us hand sanitizers after we were finished. It's too bad we live in NY bc we would love to come here more often, but I definitely recommend!Stone bowls are delicious. They also have great lunch specials for $9.99. I could eat a pound of the spicy pork and vegetables.I went here looking for a sushi place that used to inhabit the same space. The food was very good and the servers were nice. Because it was brand new when I went there were still a few kinks to be worked out but I don't hold it against them! Cute spot and nice folks!Husband and I ate at Buk Chon this past Saturday night. It was our first time there, but will certainly not be our last.  The ambiance and service were warm, the place was clean,  and the food was uniformly delicious, and made of high quality ingredients, for very fair prices. I had the scallion pancake appetizer and the ribeye bibimbap. Husband had the fried chicken appetizer and the pork bibimbap. I don't think the chefs were going for strict Korean authenticity, maybe more of a fusion cuisine, but it was all nonetheless very tasty.
We saw that a previous reviewer gave one star based on a complaint about problems using a Travelzoo voucher. We, too, used a Travelzoo voucher, and experienced no issues. The voucher's terms are generous; we saw only one entree on the menu that exceeded the voucher's dollar limit. 
Another reviewer also gave one star, in part based on a very inappropriate restroom sign. 
I did not see such a sign in the restroom area, and asked our server about it. She said management had been horrified to realize it was there, left over from the previous business in the space, and had taken it down before they even saw that review.I came here for dinner with my son. We ordered beef bulgogi, spicy chicken, and chapchae. All three meals were delicious!!!!! The bulgogi's sauce were perfectly balance of the sweet and spiciness. It did not overpower the meat, compared to other bugogi that I've had. The spicy chicken had enough heat on it and very crunchy. Finally the chapchae. It had the right amount of sesame oil on it. My son added some bulgogi meat in it and it tasted even better!!!! I highly recommend this place if you are craving for some good Korean cuisine.Recently stopped by this little place for a birthday lunch and I was slightly impressed. The atmosphere is calming and picture worthy but a bit too small for parties larger than 6. I ordered the fried chicken as an appetizer and it was amazing, simply put. For an entree I went with the Fire Chicken. Fire was an understatement, and by fire I mean that shit was flaming hot. While I should have expected this given the name, I was blown away and really had to push through to finish my meal. I'd probably choose differently second time around but if that's your thing, go for it.In response to some of the complaints that this place's prices are higher than the average Korean spot: I don't see why Europeans/European food should have a monopoly on fancier restaurant vibes with higher priced menus- and they don't own "fusion" or putting imaginative spins on traditional dishes either! Don't non-white restauranteurs also deserve to make some money? 
Otherwise: I FREAKING LOVE THIS PLACE. I moved into an apartment building down the street from them 3 weeks ago, and since then have been there about 10 times. 
I'm a chef and am pretty hard to please. I always feel ripped off if I'm served something I feel like I could have made just as well as home. Like yeah, I am just a white gal and a relative newcomer to Korean cuisine, but I learned how to make certain dishes like Bulgogi from Maangchi's blog a few years ago, and have made it so many times since for professional gigs. Buk Chon's bulgogi is MILES BETTER. The overall flavor is of course the same, but it is a more interesting presentation: you can taste several more of the ingredients- so well-layered but subtle!!
I also have a big appetite, so was surprised to see some reviews complaining about portion size! The first time I went to Buk Chon for dinner, my partner and I shared the pork buns appetizer, and then both got an entree. This was WAY too much food. Several times since then, I have split two appetizers and the Bibimbap (my favorite!) with a friend. This has been the perfect amount of food. And it's SO NICE that the restaurant is cool with this- often "nicer" places insist on everyone order their own entree, or they'll add a fee to "make up" for the person or people who did not order their own. I'd actually be willing to pay more money for this now-routine of ordering a single entree, because all of them have always been so delicious!
Oh- if you go for lunch and order the discounted lunch special, the portions are smaller than when you pay full price at dinner. This is not unusual among restaurants I've been to in general.
Last thing: I also love the Chinese green tea and think it complements much of the food well. 
Every time I walk past and see someone(s) peering at the menu outside, I stop and encourage them to go in. And the same to everyone reading this!Super good food. Just the right spice. Good mix of vegetables and spicy pork. Had the Bibimbap dish. Comes out super hot, so give it some time. Portion size was good. Not too much, but satisfying for me. I would come back with friends.Went to pick up my order and the manager yelled at me thinking I was someone else. I told him to calm down and he didn't listen. I never been to this place but I guarantee I will never go back.Yelp always works. We did a search by distance, Buk Chon was close, saw the reviews and were great. 
Sat down, ordered and we have been surprised by the quality of food served here. All
Made to order, warm and in hot plates imported from Korea. So this great tasting food stayed hot and warm until the last bite. 
Awesome place.My spicy pork stone bowl was very good, little different to what I used to but still very good.This is my first time having Korean food in Philadelphia, and I will say that it was very good. I got the stone pit bibimbap with a Diet Coke. For this bibimbap, it had edamame and snap peas inside which I found to be very interesting. Although the pot itself wasn't hot enough to burn the rice, the flavors made up for this. The restaurant itself was nice and clean, and the staff was very kind and attentive. Overall, I highly recommend this restaurant if you want classic Korean food.This is my first time writing a yelp review but this place was bad enough that I felt the need to make an account to share my experience. This was probably one of the worst experiences I've ever had at a restaurant. I was visiting Philadelphia with some friends for the weekend and this was the only dinner place we went to and all of us were pretty disappointed.
Servers don't walk around ever asking if we need anything and they barely came to our side of the restaurant so it was hard to flag them down for things. It wasn't even busy at all. We realized halfway through eating that some of us did not receive our side dishes with our meals. After waiting to flag them down, we asked if we could get our side dishes and the server just looked at us super confused and said, "Well did you order any?" This restaurant has a pretty small menu, so it blew my mind that the server couldn't just look at our food, and realize that certain ones came with side dishes. She just looked at us as if we were stupid for asking like we didn't read the menu ourselves. And someone in our group did order the side dish platter, which he did not receive either. She said she'll look at our receipt to see if we needed any, and then she came back eventually saying that yes we were supposed to get some side dishes and in-genuinely apologized. 
Servers would come around once in a while to refill our water but never ask us, "How is the food?" "Do you guys need anything else?" "Would you like a togo box?" "Do you want the check?" The staff was so awkward and quiet and didn't seem like they were trained at all on customer service. 
My friend ordered the bibimbap with chicken but when we received his food he said, "I ordered chicken but this is beef," and the server said, "Oh we ran out of chicken." First of all, why couldn't you have told my friend that earlier instead of just serving him a different meat option? Why did you just assume he would be ok with beef, what if he couldn't eat beef? She didn't even say sorry for the mistake, she just gave it to him and he just awkwardly accepted it so he could start eating because we had waited over 30 minutes for our food.
The food wasn't that great either. They tried glamorizing the names of simple Korean dishes to make it seem fancier than it actually is. Kimchi paella is just kimchi fried rice, calling basic Korean dishes a different name does not make it fusion or make it taste any better.
Overall, this restaurant needs to work on their staff and customer service. I've never left a restaurant so upset for being treated so poorly by staff who clearly don't know how to say sorry. It's your job to ask us if we need anything. I don't know the names of the two girls that served us but I really hope they learn how to treat customers better. As a Korean-American, it's pretty disappointing that this place has mediocre service and lackluster food.I am from LA so you can't beat LA in Korean food.
But considering being out of California, this place is fairly good.
Liked Tofu-Kimchee.
Tofu soap is good but should have little more water in it.
Kimchee fried rice is good but I don't like ham in it but if you like that, it is good.