I ordered a turkey burger to go last night, it was ready less then 5 mnts. When I got home I ate a quarter of it and found a raw tendon, and after further investigation my turkey burger was still pink and raw on the inside! R u effingggg kidding me!!!!!! It was making me sick. Seriously??!!! The place name is Burger. Org, yet cant even cook the right temp for turkey burger?! Go close down.lolI enjoyed my food here, but the service was terrible. When we walked in the place, we had no idea what to do or how the place "worked", and no one was courteous enough to help us. In fact, the staff just stared at us. No greetings were made, no instructions given, just DUMB STARES. In fact, the patrons were staring at us too. I actually felt kind of stupid.
Finally, my bf figured out that you're supposed to go the counter to order.  The asian guy at the counter was kind of nonchalant. My bf said to him,"How is your veggie burger made?"  The guy kind of gave him a blank, expressionless stare and said,"What do you mean?"  My bf picked up on his attitude immediately, but kept his cool. He responded,"I mean, just what I said! How is it made? Is it a patty, is it grilled vegetables on a bun? I mean, HOW IS IT MADE??"   So... the guy just kind of points to the wall where the menu is. My bf was like,"I read that. I'm asking YOU." Finally, the guy says,"It's kind of like a patty." Okaaaaay... whatever that means!
So, next, it;s my turn to order. I ordered the fish burger. I had a few questions of my own, and got the same frosty treatment.  When he asked me if I wanted my fries spicy or plain, I asked him what kind of spices are on the fries. He goes,"What do you mean?"  Did I ask him a complicated question??  I answered,"I MEAN what kind of spices? Is it seasoned salt, garlic, pepper, hot sauce, onion powder.." I ran down a whole list of options because the guy was obviously remedial. He reluctantly muttered,"I'm not sure."  So, I went with the plain fries.
We sat down and contemplated walking out of the place. We've been known to do that. (Order and roll out, if we aren't feeling the place)  We decided to be "nice" and stay. 
Although the place is cute inside, we decided to take our food home. The staff was just too weird for me, and in desperate need of socialization!
The fish sandwich was actually pretty good, and I loved the fries. What ruined this place for me was the retards who work here.  Burger.Org could earn a solid 4 stars if they restaff.A lot of my friends keep kosher so on a rainy night this place is great for take out when we have exhausted veggie  chinese/indian etc. 
The menu is extensive, which others have complained about, but look at this way folks, if you keep kosher their are very few places in this city where you can get kosher meat prepared for such great prices. Yes folks kosher meat is expensive. 
I ordered the beef kebab, which I expected to come like persian style. It came on a hoagie roll with pickles, lettuce and tomatoes. I ordered a side of rice luckily. Our food was cold by the time it was delivered so I nuked it. The kebab was lovely, seasoned perfectly, moist, and yum. Our fries were ice cold but still pretty tasty. S ordered a burger and they forgot her sauce.
Moral to the story, don't order delivery. If you have kosher friends who are craving a burger take them here. 
However, yelp babies please quit you kvetching you don't HAVE to eat here, but other folks have very few options.Oof. Don't bother. Walked in, was greeted? menu-handed?  by a girl who thinks herself a playboy bunny, and ended up ordering two beef burgers, one lettuce wrapped with sweet potato fries.
The burgers were cooked well-done, though we tried to get them cooked medium. Thus, they were relatively tasteless. Sure, they had juice, but I'm suspicious that they pressed down on the patty post-cook before just letting it sit. The sweet potato fries had a hefty dose of cinnamon - not necessary! They're called SWEET potatoes for a reason. P.S., cooking things in vegetable oil means you're probably cooking it in GMO soy/corn oil and yields no heath benefits for you. Google it, just sayin'.
Otherwise, I liked the lettuce wrap. It made eating bun-less easy, for once! And their chipolte mayo was great. Oh, this place is 100% Kosher, so you can't have dairy. That means no cheese. That means I don't anticipate this place surviving that long, regardless if they opened a ....chiken.org 20ft away (what?).This is my third attempt in writing a review based more on the actual restaurant instead of their stolen concept of an LA burger joint named O! Burger (oburger.net) and their hasty, seemingly witty yet poorly named Burger .org (I had to put a space in that because Yelp kept trying to link it to a non-existent URL).
Sure, I had a lot of hesitations about going to this place. I couldn't possibly imagine that a place named after an imaginative URL (actual site is burgerorg.com and currently giving me a "phishing attack" warning) being any good.
I gave them the benefit of the doubt and entered this place with a clear mind, free of "angry Internet nerd/brand marketing inclined nerd" judgement. First impression upon walking in the door? Amazing. The young man, John (or as my receipt told me his name was) is spectacular. Based on his service alone, this place is easily 4 or 5 stars. He was super helpful, super nice but not in that creepy RadioShack kinda way. Good guy. Give him a raise. I'm serious.
But, service isn't the only thing that makes up a restaurant. I took a gander at the menu. It's confusing as hell. (Which might be on account of the fact that they just lifted O! Burger's menu, and added/removed stuff haphazardly.)
There's no sense or order to the menu. For the classic burgers, one has a selection of five patties: beef, chicken, veggie, turkey and even fish. Grilled onions, lettuce, tomato and pickles serve as standard toppings. Other toppings such as mushrooms, cheese, guac, peppers and a fried egg come at an additional $0.50. That's not the confusing part. It's laid out awkwardly. There's also special burgers (directly taken from O! Burger's menu, verbatim). There's the El Mariachi (pico, guac, raw onion, tomato, lettuce, chipotle sauce) and the Very Veggy (grilled zucchini, mushroom, eggplant on their veggie patty).
In addition... there's sliders, hummus, salad, all laid out on their in-store menu like a giant wall of mind-melting almost-all-one-size text. This doesn't really facilitate smooth operations, John's a rockstar, but poor him. I'm just being nit-picky, I know.
What I don't get is why there's a huge sign of organic propaganda filled with likely Google-stolen facts. You guys are organic, I get it. Though, there should be some focus on actually making food that tastes good.
My actual burger? For $9 and change I had a regular burger with beef, no additional toppings aside from the standard ones, and an Honest Tea (no fries). Based on what I got: overpriced. It was just lackluster. The beef had a nice charbroiled taste but was a bit overdone. Come to think of it now, that charbroil taste was unfortunately the most dominant one. The vegetables didn't seem all that fresh. Are the organic benefits of seldom stop-ins to your establishment really going to beneficially impact my life overall? No. Give me better food.
I'd rather walk down the street, spend the same amount of money and get an explosion of flavor, creativity and sheer awesomeness from a similar fast-casual/trendy concept like Hot Diggity.
Also: their drink selection blows. While they're trying to hit you over the head with their whole organic/health thing, they don't stop at the store signage, or the silly name.  When I was there, I had the option of Fiji Water, Steaz or Honest Tea. Lame to say the least.
Before I left, I kind of just wanted to know how big the beef patty I'd just consumed was. I asked my buddy John. He didn't know, understandable. He's just working customer service. He asked what may have been one of the co-owners? He didn't know. Now, I'm wondering if they'd even be able to answer hard-hitting questions about what alleged local farms they're sourcing their meat from.
If the service was just as unimpressive as my burger, I'd probably never give it another shot. Luckily, the service was great. The burger biz is a serious one to be in, especially in this city. "Best Burger" seekers just stick to Grace Tavern, Village Whiskey, Pub and Kitchen, Grey Lodge, etc. I'll stop in now and then to see if the food improves but in my opinion, just not worth it.  For now, I'll just continue to mock the name and the fact that they stole the entire concept and lost a lawsuit.Came in for lunch with my dad on a yucky, rainy day, but that didn't deter us from enjoying some great burgers!  I settled on the El Gringo burger (with fried egg and mushroom--an interesting combination, but I polished off the entire thing!) and some sweet potato fries seasoned with cinnamon (which made them taste even better!).  Only downside was that my dad asked for guacamole on his burger, and they forgot to put it on there, but it was brought out to him as soon as he brought it to their attention.  In addition to a quite a vast menu, they also have a small selection of desserts, and for those to whom it matters, it's all Kosher!I'm going with three because I'm in the mood to round up.  I will say that the burger was quite tasty.
The good...
I opted for the Mariachi and I asked for it medium rare and it came out to my liking.  All the ingredients tasted fresh and the flavors popped.  The roll definitely stood up to all the toppings.
The not so good...
The service wasn't the greatest.  From attentiveness to the way they present their menu there was a "gruff" mood to it all.  I'm not the biggest fan of that style.  If customers are a burden to you, perhaps you should rethink your business model.
The sweet potato fries were awful.  They weren't crispy. They had zero seasoning.  It's as if they were going to twice fry them but just didn't get to the second fry.  They tasted as if they had been blanched or par boiled.  Not a fan.
So, in summary, I see potential but there are a few things that could happen to improve this establishment.The turkey burger was delicious!  The atmosphere was chill and my colon thanks them for the guilt-free sweet potato fries! I will b back!They've moved to a new location downtown! The food is ok, not great portions of meat. The burgers did not fill the bun and there seemed to be way more veggies on the burger than needed. The service, however, was amazing. They were very nice and accommodating, which makes up for the average meal.Good food but closed Friday and Saturday, the two busiest days of the week. Understand this is because of their religious belief but really, just hire a manager, it's ridiculous they are closed. Maybe they are not in the biz to make a profit. Very expensive too. 
Several times they were out of menu items. In the restaurant business this is not acceptable. The Food is also always different but must say, it's always a pleasant surprise. Has potential, just need to work on some of the basicsLong story short: the burgers themselves are great, but this place could have used a bit more time in the oven.
I ordered a regular beef burger with standard fries and a bottled soda.  I ended up ditching the soda in favor of water because I couldn't actually find a bottle of soda in their cooler.  The closest option is some lightly-sparkled fruit juice with an inch of pulverized fruit in the bottom of the bottle that made it look like it'd been sitting there settled for the better part of a decade.
The meal was made to order.  The lack of other customers made it seem like preparation time was on the long side, but it was reasonable.  The burger tasted "clean" and was lacking the grease that so many other Philadelphia burger joints seem to rely on.  The whole grain bun, especially, tasted hearty and did a good job of holding everything together.  It was one of those burgers that makes you feel like you ate an actual meal (though my cardiologist would probably tell me otherwise) instead of a deadly, calorie-laden grease bomb.
The fries were another matter.  The fries are sliced thin and cooked to be soft, which is not a problem for me.  The regular fries, though, tasted faintly of things like cinnamon, nutmeg, and other Thanksgiving-friendly flavors.  When I asked the waitress what they use to season their fries, she panicked at the mention of cinnamon and ran off to the kitchen in a huff.  It seems that the kitchen staff was using the same bowl to cook all the fries, despite the seasoning differences.  Given the intensity with which the incident was addressed, I imagine they've remedied their practices, but it also makes you wonder what other incompatible ingredients were intermingling in the back room.
Overall, the fresh burgers, colorful decor, and expressive staff are enough for a repeat visit, but I don't think I'll be ordering anything other than a burger next time, especially if their drink selection doesn't wise up.  There are plenty of organic ginger ales, ginger beers, and root beers that would be compatible with BurgerOrg's mission.Don't waste your money. Even though I keep kosher and truly wanted to believe that this would be a worthwhile place to go, I was disappointed each time I went. The food is greasy and often served cold, and I once found a bone in my chicken shwarma platter. The staff is rude and the delivery service is a nightmare. Stay away.OK. This place was amazing.
Very serviceable and welcoming. Place looks nice, food is good.  If I have one suggestion to make is that they should have a more diverse selection of sauces for your burger like chimichuri, pesto, thousand, garlic mayo.  BTW, I almost forgot to mention the chipotle sauce is AMAZING and really spicy. MUST TRY!Great burgers. Burger.Org has one of the best burgers I've ever had. I went in at around 11 just before the lunch hour and was greeted by the owner himself. I asked for his opinion on the best burger and he recommended the beef burger with fries and this weird gravy that was DELICIOUS. The girl working at the counter was also very nice and greeted me with a smile.This place was ok. The bun and fried onions that I got were cold. Rule #1-always toast the bun and give all your food HOT!! The burger in and of itself was good and the waitress was very nice and helpful. I would probably eat here again but would like to see a few improvements.I've been here twice now, the first time when they opened and just this evening.
First visit I had the turkey burger. Honestly, it was not good. The patty looked like it came out of a box, was bland and lacking flavor. Definitely not "hand made, in house" as their menu claims. The girl who took our order did not know the menu at all, and even though we ordered and paid for sweet potato fries, they never came out. We had to ask twice and received them towards the end of the meal.
So, in all fairness, they had just opened. We decided to give them another shot tonight.
Another girl took our order who was equally unfamiliar with the menu. I ordered the beef burger with a fried egg on top. The egg was perfectly fried, the beef was good...but the patty was tiny. It look ridiculous on the big bun that held it. I ate it in probably seven bites.
The person I was with ordered pickles with hers, the girl at the register meticulously entered it, and they didn't arrive. In most places this is no big deal, but here there is only the person working the register. And when that person is taking orders, there is no one to ask for anything. So you wait...
I don't know, this place seems like all style no substance, but not in a good way. I gave it two shots. Won't return unless it makes a big turnaround.I tried Burger.org for the first time last night, and I wasn't impressed.  Where do I start...
Good:
* the employees were super nice.  I hate going to a place where the employees act like you're an inconvenience...  at Burger.org, the girls working the front were friendly and outgoing.
* I ordered the chicken schnitzel sandwich, and the chicken itself was very good -- fresh, fried perfectly, with a tasty crunchy coating.
* the atmosphere is colorful and bright.
Bad:
* the sweet potato fries that came with my sandwich were awful.  They were almost raw, oily, and covered in cinnamon.  They looked and tasted as though someone had nuked some raw potato strips to heat them and then tossed them in oil and cinnamon.  I love sweet potato fries, so this was a big disappointment.
* one of the front-counter employees was wearing low-slung jeans and kept yanking them up in back...  at one point a food order was up, and I watched her grab her jeans from inside to pull them as she walked over.  So she touched her butt 5 seconds before she grabbed someone's food to bring it to them.  Gross.
* I didn't get my full food order, which I didn't realize until later.  I had ordered a platter, which comes with 2 sides...  all I got was the sweet potato fries with my sandwich.  I had to eat and run as I was going to a concert at the TLA, so it didn't hit me until later that there was supposed to be another side that came with my food.  I don't know if the person taking my order didn't enter it right, or if the kitchen screwed up...  but considering many of the reviews on here talk about messed up orders, it sounds like this is an ongoing problem.
I really really want small businesses to succeed, especially one that serves kosher food as that's not always convenient to find.  But with all the food options on South Street, and some amazing burger joints in that mix, I'm not sure I'd come back to Burger.org unless I was with a friend who kept kosher."Can i call it a burger if it really isnt a burger "?(ie not in patty form),was my question Sunday night when i stopped in on my way home to avoid some of the rain. The friendly gent behind the counter chuckled slightly and said why yes you can. Burger.org's fish burger holds a special place in my heart. The non patty talapia is blackened to perfection and served up  the most delicious roll with your standard fixins. You can also chose your favorite house made sauce there's quite the variety froms aiolis to oils. I went with the cimmichurri which had the most amazing flavor and it was so good i was very sad i didnt take more to dip other things in. The menu is vast and they offer more than just burgers and fries. My only negative is the price point. I know its not Mcdonald's but paying over $7.50 for just a burger seems a little off to me. Some of the specialty burgers are around 10.00 talk about cha-ching! I would venture back and since they take level up im sure it will happen sooner than i think.Positive: Good tasting kosher organic burgers.  There is also a large variety of other kosher meat entrees which include turkey, chicken, fish, and lamb.
Negative: Ordering time not optimal but food comes out quick.  
Overall: Great place to try great burgers if you are in the area or craving kosher meat!
Revisit:  I will definitely go again as there is no other place that offers good quality, tasty kosher burgers in Philadelphia.Good first visit, not great.  Walk in, loved the vibe.  The colors and design are really fun.  Had me excited to dine there.  After finding seating, we walked up to the counter to order.  Unfortunately the woman taking our orders wasn't in the best mood.  Seemed unhappy and definitely affected my experience in a negative way.  I ordered the mariachi burger, spicy fries and a soda.  Total came to $14.01 and about 2 minutes later I became really upset because I forgot to mention Yelp to get my 10% discount!  Seriously, if the place supports Yelpers it's a place I want to be!  Did remind one of my friends to mention it.  She saved a dollar and a half.  Lucky.
The wait for our food seemed to take forever, but it was probably between 10 and 15 minutes.  While I waited I gathered up ketchup, bbq sauce, and their chipotle sauce (delicious!).  We were all very excited to see the food finally arrive and dug right in.  The mariachi burger is outstanding.  The guacamole, pico de gallo and chipotle sauce were great on the burger.  (Made me forget it didn't have cheese on it)  The burger was cooked to a perfect medium as well.  Super juicy.  Fries were good too, but not as spicy as I would have liked.  They did pair great with the chipotle and bbq sauces.  
All in all a good visit.  Thought the food was really good and I would love to eat there again.  My issues, however, came with the crumby attitude from the front of the house, the fact that their smoothies and milkshakes weren't available, luke warm soda, and the long wait.  Some of these may have been one time things so it's nothing that would scare me away.  
Very happy to see more Glatt Kosher places open in Philly so I have a place to eat with my friends who keep kosher.  Hope they can make the necessary corrections to keep this place bringing in costumers.I came to south street last week to go to Sweat gym. Then we had already eaten when we passed by this burger place. It's impossible not to look inside because it's bright lime & orange. I was excited about eating here and vowed to come back. The following week after a great workout, my partner and I strolled in. 
I HAVE A FEELING THE OWNERS READ THE REVIEWS WRITTEN BY OTHERS BECAUSE:
1. as soon as we walked in, there was a young man at the register who was very attentive to our needs and was incredibly nice. He answered all questions we had, and made sure to keep all ten fingers away from any body parts that expel fluids. 
2. When the food is ready, someone brings it out onto the table and rings a bell. That way, it's impossible not to know when the food is ready. 
3. There were no sauces already on my burger. 
Overall, the plain fries were absolutely delicious. The veggie burger was ok, but less flavorful than I like it, even with all the sauces. The bun was amazing and toasted just the right amount. My partner got the super bowl with a veggie burger patty and grilled chicken. It's called "super bowl" because it's bigger than a salad, but he had Lorenzo's pizza afterwards and didn't feel stuffed.This place is pretty good.  Everything tastes really fresh.  They make a very strong attempt to convince you they care about the origin of the ingredients... but more detail could be provided.  It's nice they have a (long-winded) philosophy about organic food, but which ingredients, exactly, are organic? 
They have excellent house-made veggie burgers.  Yummy free fruit-infused water.  
The seating is not very comfortable - they only have stools.
The service is helpful but not super attentive.  "Awkward" is a pretty good description.  Kind of like the decor, which is loud and echoey.  I look at certain objects and wonder why they put them there.
We go here pretty often because my wife loves their veggie burgers.Good food, I hate south st so i dont even know why i was there, but im glad i tried it. Adds a small bit of civility to the as of late gross south st scene.I was really excited to see this place on South Street. It's a tasty and healthier option than most of the selection offered on the strip. The milkshakes and sweet potato fries are amazing. Plus I love the wide selection of dipping sauces offered. I just hope enough people appreciate the place and its offerings. We need more places like this in Philly.will never return.  they didn't have their act together.  slow.  overpriced. they don't know how to tell loud families to shut the hell up.  will never return.  food was mediocreIt is with great regret that I update my prior review. I keep giving these guys a chance in the desparate hope that they have corrected the error of their ways and went back to using high quality organic beef. Unfortunately, every time we go there, I have to send back my burger because it's overdone. Lately, the meat has smelled like it's a little long in the tooth. At least they corrected the french fry issue. Because I'm hopeful and I am a glutton for punishment, I may go there just one last time and get the Super Bowl with a veggie burger and a beef burger with fries before I leave Philly. PLEASE get it right!I was excited to try a new organic burger joint close to my house and went in to place a quick take out order.  To start, service was HORRIBLE.  The girl who "greeted" us wouldn't look us in the eye and acted as if it was a huge bother to help us.  She did not smile once and even rolled her eyes and sighed while I was looking at the menu.  After waiting way too long for my burger and fries, the girl (again not looking at me) just held the bag out without saying a word.  Assuming it was my order, I took the bag from her.  When I got home, not only was my burger TINY, it didn't have the sauce I requested and the fries we not fully cooked. 
 In short - snobby workers, tiny burgers, and incomplete order = NO THANKS!A KOSHER MEAT PLACE IN PHILLY THAT'S ACTUALLY GOOD? I'm freaking out. The burger was delicious (I got the regular beef burger, no pickles, with BBQ) & the spicy fries are sooo good, I couldn't stop eating them. My boyfriend got the Mariachi burger & enjoyed immensely. The staff was very helpful & nice (I also chatted with the owner's sister, very sweet woman) and basically I'm thrilled.Just like every other kosher restaurant, the food sucks and it's way too expensive.I have to agree with the review posted by Dan F.  
The clerk that was supposed to attend to me took at least three minutes to take my order because he was busy finishing up a conversation with a friend.  ("Hello, do you want my money?" I thought)  The guy wasn't completely present since when he repeated my order he got it all wrong.  (I'll give him credit for repeating the order.)  I took my seat and waited for my food.... and waited... and waited (almost 20 minutes).  
The clerk's assistant was busy texting on her phone when the guy who took my order yelled at the girl to check on my order.  She scurried to the back where ta-dah, it had been ready.  When it arrived, I was not impressed with what I saw or tasted.  
If you want a decent burger, get yourself over to Pub and Kitchen, Whisky Bar, or Rouge.The service here is what's keeping this place from being great. When you immediately enter, you are to order at the counter. This was not easy to identify since no was at the register. I hunted around the bar area for a bit to find someone to assist me. 
    There is table service if you decide to eat in. When my food was at the pick up window, one of the owners decided to grab his camera and take a few pictures of my order. I would have preferred they do this in the kitchen, rather than watch my food get cold. At the end of my meal, it was unclear if they would bus the table or if I had to throw away and leave my basket in a specific area. After walking around looking for a trash can, I was told I can leave it on the table. 
     The food was excellent despite the service. I ordered the el mariachi burger and spicy fries. The burger was cooked perfect and the toppings were all fresh and delicious. The spicy fries were ok. The spice provided a nice kick, but i would probably pass on ordering fries again. The pricing for the burgers seemed fair ($5.99 to $6.99), but the fries were too expensive ($2.99). All in all, I would come back for another burger. But definitely making my order...to go.Don't waste your money! Cold veggies, tasteless patties & soggy sweet potato fries. My wife and I choose to eat here after a night on South street and we were highly disappointed. Along with a $30 price tag for a burger, salad and two drinks, the food is completely bland and the service is nonexistent. It's order at the counter and seat yourself. I could have eaten at a fast food burger spot and spent much less money for the same experience  we had here. Fresh, organic ingredients? I highly doubt it.Trendy kosher burger joint. The el mariachi burger is fantastic. Comes with pico de gallo, chipotle, gaucomole, etc. The sweet potato fries come with powdered sugar. Pretty pricey meal as a burger, fries, and drink cost about $15. Worth trying it at least once.I was immediately excited when I saw an organic burger place going in on south street and was excited to try it, however I was pretty disappointed overall. As others have mentioned, the process of ordering food, where to do and then how it gets to your table is confusing. The food was also disappointing. My burger was requested medium rare and came very very rare. In addition, the menu says that each burger comes with lettuce, pickle, tomato and grilled onions. However my burger came with additional salsa and an orange sauce that I'm guessing was chipotle.  I think if they focused more on easily serving a good burger with out trying to make it too fancy, they'd be more successful.I want to like this place given the emphasis on organic and responsibly-raised food, but unfortunately I was underwhelmed by my turkey burger. It was just okay. I went in on a weekday evening and it was quiet, so it was easy to walk up to the counter and order. I did not expect that it would be a 10 minute wait for my food (seemed a little long, to me) but in the context of a sit-down restaurant this is fine. I'm not sure that I'll give it a second chance and go back for the beef burger, because for me it's an equal walk to 500 degrees and I know I'm guaranteed a tasty and quick burger there.Great burgers, a bit expensive for just a burger...I don't ordinarily write reviews, but my experience this afternoon was annoying enough that I felt compelled to.  
Two co-workers and I decided to pick up lunch.  When we came in, it was relatively empty and so we thought we'd have enough time to order take out and make it back to work.  We ordered and began to wait. 
After a few minutes, I was told that they had no chicken (I had ordered a Chicken Steak sandwich) and did I want beef.  I thought they meant the steak sandwich, and agreed.  10 more minutes passed. We were beginning to get antsy when one co-worker received her food. I took that as a good sign and they said mine would be out soon.   Another few minutes passed and we realized we were now going to be late getting back to work.  
Being that there was barely anyone in the restaurant, this was getting a little ridiculous.  We asked about the food again, the server asked me what I'd ordered (for the second time) and I was told it would be out soon.  Finally when people who had entered after us received their food first, we stressed the issue again, telling the server that we had been waiting too long.  
He finally ran back and brought out the bag and being that we were pretty late at this point, I just took it and ran back to work.  When I got to my desk, I saw that instead of a steak sandwich I'd been given a regular burger, complete with all of the ingredients I'd wanted removed.  To make it even better, I'd already paid for the steak sandwich price, which is slightly more than the burger price. 
If I hadn't been so completely annoyed, I might have checked the bag and complained about the complete lack of service.  The burger was passable though, so I just ate it and decided never to go back here again!It's decent. The burger tasted good. The fries tasted good. Burger was a little small for the bun and probably slightly overdone, though I was never really asked how I would like it cooked and was told by the counter girl that even if I did request a specific temperature they never listen to her. Strange. She was very forward with a lot of information you probably don't want to be telling customers, but I think maybe she was being flirtatious with me. Who knows, I can never tell. The "spicy" fries could use a little more spice powder but less spicy of a powder if that makes any sense. Basically what I'm saying is that they was a tiny amount of what I would guess cayenne sprinkled on them. The have no fountain soda :( And to be honest I really like cheese on my burger. Obviously not the right place for it, but it's just kinda annoying. 
The prices weren't outrageous but they were far from cheap. I liked the interior. Very colorful. The staff was all kinda weird and had weird dynamics going on that I won't waste your time explaining. All in all I might come back, but realistically I wasn't blown away so it will probably be a while. There's plenty of places to get a burger on south street. If you're kosher however you've kinda painting yourself into a corner with this whole eating out thing. So yeah definitely check it out if you're one of the chosen chosens.Burger . org serves up an okay burger at an okay price.  It's a step up from Five Guys in terms of ambiance - think 50s diner meets Ikea lime green - and they've got the "organic thing" going for them, but the food is nothing special.
The burger was perfectly fine, but the bun-to-burger ratio was on the high side and there was nothing about it that screamed "delicious."  I appreciated that they wanted to get creative with the sweet potato fries - they were covered in cinnamon - but they didn't warn me, and mushy cinnamon fries were not what I was looking for.
They do have a water jug that pours mint-and-fruit-infused water at a hilariously slow rate.  It was an excellent source of entertainment for most of my meal, so that's a plus.
All in all, Burger . org left me full, but unimpressed.  Would I come back?  If I was starving on South St. and couldn't tolerate the thought of pizza or cheesesteaks... maybe.everything tastes incredibly fresh, burgers have delicious smokey flavoring. well worth the walk and reasonably priced. The decor is a bit intense (neon color)...but otherwise very pleasant. I will definitely be  revisiting.As of August 22nd, this place is reopened and now kosher. This burger joint is very good. My second visit was much better than the first visit. 
I went with a friend on opening day, and we ordered two beef burgers, prepared medium. We were there around 9p, and the burgers seemed a bit small and over cooked. However, I wanted to give it another try. 
Today, August 23rd, I went with a 9-year old and a 10 year-old boy for a late lunch. We each ordered a beef burger medium rare. Mine was "Mariachi" style (guacamole, pico de gallo, and some other toppings). The burgers were very good size, on nice quality rolls, and cooked perfectly. We also ordered sweet potato fries - they came out HOT. They are thick-cut and have abundant flavor. 
The sauces are excellent. I liked the BBQ and two of the mustard sauces. 
The place is short on forks and knives but very happy to provide tap water upon request.  If you are really hungry (like we were), you need to be prepared to wait a bit.  However, this just means the burgers are cooked to order and for each order - this is good.
Overall, this is a great addition not only to the kosher scene but to the burger scene. Next time I'm in Philly, this will definitely be a spot to hit.First of all, for those interested in cheeseburgers, this is not the place for it. You can google the question if you are not sure why this is the case. Having finally gotten around to eating here, six months after they opened, I wish I had done so earlier. The burgers, at least the ones we tried - beef and lamb - were very good, if a bit on the small side. The toppings and buns were very good and fresh. Granted, you have to like cinnamon on fries to enjoy the sweet potato ones, but that's a matter of preference. The regular fries are very good. And the decor is fun and unorthodox (ironically). I shall be back.I decided to try burgerorg.com for lunch today because it's in my neighborhood and I heard about it on the food blogs. Overall, I'd say it's worth a visit once. I don't think I would go back if Five Guys was an option.
If you're a fan of good burgers, this place will meet your needs. But it's hardly worth the price, unless eating organic  is worth the extra money for you. The burger came out juicy, as ordered (medium), with nice charring on the outside. The bun was grilled well and fresh.  
Another good thing was that the server at the counter (John J.) was very friendly, if a bit of a bro. Whatever, it's South St., and he was friendly.  
That's all the good stuff.  On to the criticisms:
1. The fries are soggy. As one other reviewer online said, if the fries are limp THE FRY OIL IS TOO COLD. Buy a fry thermometer and use it. 
2. It took 11 minutes to make the order. You can do better.
3. Not a bargain, as I said. For a cheeseburger and fries, no drink, $10.24 including tax.I dined at this place once and thought the food was mediocre but returned because it's the only fast food place I know in the city with grassfed beef which is the only way I way meat. A male worker walked through the dining room blowing his nose and after inspecting the tissue to look at his mucus he threw the tissue away and returned behind the counter. A customer said aloud, "you're washing your hands aren't you?" The guy said," No I don't have to and I don't care." He explained that since he didnt handle the food and only worked behind the counter at the register it wasn't necessary. The woman who already ordered food asked for her money back. She claimed she worked in a restaurant and said she wouldn't be coming back. The staff members laughed at her along with some on the customers walking into the place. I don't blame he woman. I don't intend to return again myself. The place is ghetto and the whole memory of what happened makes me nauseated every time I think about it. Imagine what happens in the kitchen.....................Outstanding! Try lettuce wrap burger with chipotle and BBQ sauce med rare. Best of Philly!!! The veggie burger is also worth the trip. Try the Super Bowl and order the burger, medium rare, with a veggie patty.You can take my review with a grain of salt since i am here for the food more than the org (or the kosher for that matter). For great burger seekers, Yelp describes this place best: Meh. 
I tried the lamb burger and beef burger with guacamole. Meat was OK but a little over cooked. My biggest complaint would be the proportion of ingredients on the sandwich itself, which is so critical to a good burger. The meat portion was way too small for the bun and vegetables (and for the prices they charge). Therefore, your sandwich is dominated by bread. The bun was OK but the excess bread made the burger itslef a little dry. There also was not enough avocado on the burger I had with guacamole. The fries were also underwhelming and soggy. The one bright spot was the chipotle sauce they had. Now that was some good stuff and helped salvage the fries. 
The place itself appeared very clean, which is refreshing for South Street, but the whole "organic" stuff all over is a little preachy. The service itself is awkward and the burger seemed to take awhile to come out given that we were the only people ordering at the time. Not a terrible place, but I will not be coming back, there are much better options for us non kosher people, and $10 is a little on the pricey side for a burger. On a side note, I'm not sure why they can't offer some sort of non-milk based cheese to make "cheese"burgers with, it would at least be a nice attempt to be an establishment where non-kosher and kosher people alike feel welcomed."Once I was whole, Now I am half."
Everything about my experience this evening at Burger.org left me feeling "half."
My chocolate shake, ordered three times but delivered zero times, never came, because my order was forgotten. Then they discovered they were out of milk. Because they used it instead for the customer after me, whose shake apparently they hadn't forgotten.
I was offered a beverage replacement, so I requested a Coke. You know, burger, fries and a Coke? No Cokes at this .org.
So I stuck with my water, which I procured from a lukewarm tureen packed with a sewer's bounty of flavoring agents such as basil and peppers. Looked gross, tasted grosser still, so I guess the half-sized paper cup provided wasn't such a problem after all.
My burger itself was closest in quality to an Acme store-brand cookout, organic be damned. It was uncomfortably small and occupied no more than half the bun. It's like the guy who brags about his piece all night long until you believe the hype and when trou is dropped, hopes are dashed and you're left to gasp for all the wrong reasons. For those old enough to recall Wendys "Where's the Beef?" commercials, that's the visual. And for those of you too young to know these ads, I've attached a photo of my burger for your inspection. Note the bun-to-burger ratio.
I'm going to spend another paragraph on the burger. Propping up the teensy burger with a thick-sliced onion did not fool me into thinking the burger was larger than it was. Rather it emphasized smallness, like a child in a booster seat on the short bus of life.
Did I mention the bun was stale?
Perhaps I should have opted for something other than a big bun. The paper menu slip offers a bracing alternative: "Lettuce Wraped." It's a terrible thing to happen to a burger, and I cannot support it. 
Well, nothing like ketchup to doctor up an anemic burger, right? Good luck finding any, because on the evening I dined there, Burger.org had perhaps three bottles in the joint, none of them within walking distance. Salt and pepper are also nice to have, but you won't be having them, without strapping on your hiking boots and scouring the joint. Utensils are also in short supply, or just under lock and key. I think the fourth time I had to get up to get one of these basic items, I was about four times over it. 
Menu: all burgers come with a pickle.
My plate: no pickle.
If only Burger.org spent half as much time on its freakishly long "we're organic" manifesto occupying multiple wall panels in a histrionic sea of thick black type, as it might on any of the above, it might move from its .org status to a full-fledged .com one, and become a real, complete business -- as opposed to the half it chooses to be today.In the mood for a burger in Philadelphia that is good, reasonably priced, comes with options for interesting toppings, and is kosher? While my burger was not cooked exactly to order it was still delicious. Fries were also very good and stayed crisp through my journey home. I would gladly eat here again. It is great to have a great kosher place so close to homeWell, it's called burger.org. What do they serve? Burgers. 
Beef, chicken (actual ground chicken), lamb, turkey, fish, and veggie. 
How good are they? Good enough, but they won't send your taste buds into a burger coma.
We both got the mini trio, and so we were able to try all but the fish (not offered in the mini variety). The sweet potato fries were different; they look like cut-up pieces of french toast. Lots of potato, not too fried. It works.
I'll go for a single burger next time - I'm really full!Detoured here on my way to Maoz and am very glad I did. I'm always looking for a good veggie burger and these are excellent. And the staff is very friendly and upbeat. I'm only sorry they were out of truffle oil - would have lived to try those fries.The burgers are $5.99 (even the veggie one) and it doesn't even come with fries. Add a miniscule size order of fries for an additional $2.99. Had to ask for condiments and silverware. This place will probably be enjoyed best after 12 or so beers at the bars on South Street. Low quality but not so low price... Spend your money at Jim's, much more bang for your buck!I'd call this review, "The Worst Decision I've Made In Awhile". 
I called ahead to order since I wanted to grab lunch quickly and head back to the office. I ordered a FISH burger with SPICY fries. Once I got there, paid, and sat down for a few minutes, I was told there was no fish today (ok - so that defeats the purpose of calling ahead). So I conceded to a veggie burger. The hostess reconfirmed that I wanted SPICY fries. 15 minutes later I finally had my food and headed back to work only to discover that I had a veggie burger with PLAIN (read: bland, no salt, gross) fries. In a nutshell, burger.org gave me exactly what I didnt order, and no it was not tasty. 
Having worked in fine dining for many years, I understand that not everything runs smoothly in a restaurant, but seriously? Good thing there wasn't a beef burger in my lunch or else burger.org would have gotten a stern phone call from this pescetarian. Oh, and did I mention that they only had 3 other customers there? Yeah, no excuses...Went there today with my family...altough, it is a little confusing when you walk in to know what to do...(they need a sign saying "Order Here") 
The food was fabulous though...
The Veggie burger was great, made from spinach, peas and other veggies...it satisfied like a real burger would...honestly, it was great. The sweet potato fries were fantastic...cooked perfectly, not soggy at all and just the right amount of cinnimon and a tiny bit of sugar, I think.
My husband had the hummas plate, which was plain hummas with fresh chic peas, oilve oil and a little paprika dash here and there...it was sooo yummy.
And my daughter had the kids turkey burger...she could not stop raving about it the entire time...wishes there was a Berger.org in our town...
The prices were good...3 meals, 2 milk shakes and an order of fries = $30. Not bad at all for really good quality food.
The guy at the counter was great...said he had only been working there for 4 weeks...but he had a decent answer to every question we asked.
All in all....I totally recommend.Very disappointing.  Pretty ok food, but my friend and I got the same thing and both felt sick that night.  Not saying it was them, but much too coincidental for me to try again.
I was so pumped about the sweet potato fries, but they were soggy :( And they don't serve cheese.  Like, you can't get a cheeseburger.  Also, not much seating available if you want to eat in.  They have a few BIG tables that seat like 10, but then you have to sit next to strangers, like a strange cafeteria.  Would not recommendThe quality of the beef is the best in the city!  So much flavor, and cooked to the temperature I requested, not past it as most restaurants do.  The whole grain kaiser and the brioche bun are great, and the pickles are house made. 
The service and ordering process really drop this place down a few notches.  The ordering process is peculiar and confusing.  They should make it easy for me not confuse me.  Also, it seemed that the staff were family members brought in to help with the opening.  Any restaurant that wants to tout and sell high quality food better also have high quality management and staff. It's a no brainer.When you hit review 911 its only natural that you try and review something that was in a complete and total state of emergency. But since I haven't encountered any spot that was overly horrible, I decided to devote this review to place that I still can't completely figure out that's in need of a little work.
On paper Burger.Org seems like a great idea. a burger joint that focuses on local/organic and kosher products at reasonable prices, that's also in a major area of Philly that doesn't really offer too many solid burger options. Sign me up!
But despite that Burger.Org goes well off that mark for a number of reasons. For one thing it's menu goes well beyond the scope of what you'd expect to find at a typical burger joint to a level that's just unnecessary. After all most people who walk into a restaurant with burger in the title don't expect to be able to order Babaganoush, Spaghetti with red sauce,a Two Whole Chicken Family Meal, etc. So all of the other offerings on the menu that go beyond burgers, fries, and maybe salads and other sandwiches just end up as being confusing afterthoughts. 
While decent, another thing that could use a bit of work are the burgers themselves. The lamb burger was a good buy at $6.99 and it was quite tasty. But at the same time the burger patty was tiny compared to just about anywhere else that I've ever gotten a burger at. I've had bigger sliders! Also the patty to bun and topping ratio was uneven to the point that I was left with a mess of things after tasting the lamb goodness. The sweet potato fries that I ordered with them were just decent.
Overall Burger.Org does have the makings for being something that could be good in time. But it definitely has its kinks to work out to get there. But with things like the El Mariachi Burger, and wild catch fish burgers; I do look forward to giving it some other tries along the way!