AMAZING experience. We usually do not go out for Italian food. It's not something we crave on a regular. But this place was amazing from start to finish. The atmosphere is cozy and comfortable. The food was phenomenal. All fresh ingredients and the service was wonderful.Very nice surprise while in Philly. The food was delightful, everything was amazing. The service was just as good, I could even say that we felt spoiled. Their pasta is home made and the seafood is fresh. Will be coming back.I have eaten a few times at this new restaurant that opened in the our neighborhood in May 2018 and am unequivocally happy with it.  I'm not shy about accepting a taste of my companions' food and as such have tried a majority of the menu.  I like the more compact menu, and the fact that they are focused on making high quality dishes.  The specials that I have tried have all been very good, focusing on showcasing fresh ingredients.
Everything we have had has been very good, with the octopus, artichokes and mussels  from the starters menu as favorites, as well as the pappardelle, buccatini and fish among the pastas and main courses.   
Service has been done right in my visits to Burrata, both friendly and attentive, as have the owners, who are a presence in the neighborhood and take a great deal of pride in the restaurant and the neighborhood (examples - they fixed the sidewalk around their building before opening and hosted a cookout for the neighborhood in the park on the 4th of July).  I'm looking forward to brunch service in the fall and am thrilled to have such a vibrant restaurant in the neighborhood.Great experience we had here on our first visit. Service was excellent and the food was delicious we can't wait to go back. We were there with friends and we all felt the same!Grabbed a nice little family dinner here the other night. Must recommend the burrata, if you're a cheese fan. They did a great job plating and the picture does not do it justice. 
The capellini dish was by far my favorite; big recommend. The mussels and branzino was good, least favorite was the boar pappardelle. 
Worth a try for all of it. Recommend.so glad burrata is finally open! wish we had more like this on the west side of broad....
we had the fennel salad and the beet salad- both light and tasty. perfect for summer. scallops were perfect and the ragu on the pappardelle was on point. we'll be back for sure.Tried this new restaurant that went into August at 13th and Wharton.  It was a very pleasant surprise and we plan to return again.   The atmosphere was fresh and friendly.  Two cousins are now the current owners and were part of the active staff.  All of appetizers were very delicious and a good size.  My pasta dish was tasty and the lamb chops were perfectly cooked.   We tried three desserts between the four diners and all of our picks were worth the calories.  Give it a try and you will be pleased!!My wife and I were visiting friends and family from California and stumbled onto this Passsyunk Philadelphia neighborhood gem. 
We were immediately greeted by David, one of the owners, who showed us to our table and explained in detail the specials for the evening. Albi, the other owner was busy busy overseeing the food preparation in the kitchen.
We started with the mussels in a white wine sauce with chorizo and a shrimp and calamari dish in a delicate red sauce. Both were a great way to start the evening.
For the main entrees, I had the linguini amatrigiana which was deliciously prepared with just the right amount of spice.
My wife had the gnocchi prepared in a delicate truffle and mushroom sauce.
We finished our meal with a cannoli and cappuccinos.
Upon our next visit to Philadelphia, we will definitely return to sample what gastronomic delights the chef at Burrata has dreamed up.
.Amazing food, service and atmosphere.  A great addition to the area . Definitely will be coming back !Walked in on a Sat night and so glad we did!!  Everything we ordered was delicious - the artichoke appetizer, the lamb shank, the branzino.  The service was great, as well.  We will be back.  Highly recommend!We have been here twice and both time have been amazing. It's hard to choose between their menu options because everything sounds so amazing and- has not disappointed! Great BYOB with a wonderful atmosphere and great service!Great little BYOB addition off the beaten path of East Passyunk Avenue. Three of us grabbed the last reservation on a Sunday night and pretty much ordered the entire menu. Service was great & the staff was so welcoming. Food was affordable and DELICIOUS. I'm still dreaming of the potato gnocchi dish. Can't wait to return!We are always looking for a new BYOB spot, and this place did not disappoint!  Our reservation was for 6:30PM and our party of 7 were seated right away. Appetizers came out promptly!  The mussels with chorizo and white wine sauce is a must!  Other people ordered the beet salad and the burrata app with prosciutto and balsamic.  Judging by their empty plates, those were good as well.  Staff were super friendly, and frequently checked on our table (refreshed our water, offered us more bread, etc).  It was a busy Sunday night, but I was really impressed with how accommodating they were to the kids (and one infant!).  Kid's pasta dishes came out right away.  For the rest of us, the wait for our entrees was a tad long, but I can understand given how busy they were.  I got the Pasta Special, Linguini with mussels and shrimp.  Portion size was great, and they did not skimp on the seafood!  For dessert, we ordered the ricotta cheesecake (sublime!) and people shared the gigantic portion of chocolate gelato (we ordered two, but one would have been plenty).  Overall, we had a great experience and look forward to going back!Great little BYOB date night spot. Food was fresh and delicious. We ordered burrata with roasted peppers as an appetizer, I wish it was served with locally grown tomato as they're in season. For our main courses we ordered the pappardelle with wild boar and the scallop risotto. Both were superb. Portions are on point for the price point too. We had enough leftovers for another meal. 
We did not have a reservation and were seated without an issues, we did go early so that probably helped. The wait staff was very attentive the entire time. 
I hope they make it in this ever changing food city, I'll definitely go back again.Great food, friendly service, nice atmosphere. BYOB is a plus. Will be back, and will recommend to others.Great experience! Gnocchi was unique, light and delicious. Scallops with pea risotto was also delicious. Must try the burrata appetizer. Great for sharing. Service was friendly and attentive. Cant wait to go back.Despite being newer to the Philly restaurant scene, Burrata has already proven itself to not only fit right in, but also stand out from other local restaurants. From the delicious menu, quality ingredients, and spotlessly clean kitchen and dining area, to the attentive and friendly staff, your experience at Burrata is bound to be truly amazing. Personally, I have enjoyed many dinners at Burrata and I have never been disappointed. In fact, I was recently there celebrating my mom's birthday. My entire family had a wonderful time and could not have asked for a better evening. What has made my experiences at Burrata even more meaningful are its owners, Dave and Albi, who are so friendly and welcoming and make a great deal of effort to connect with their customers. The pride they take in their restaurant and the customers they serve is obvious from the minute you walk in the door. You truly feel at home when dining at Burrata. I highly recommend it!!!Solid Italian BYO.  Aesthetically pleasing small dining room with open kitchen.  Service was quick and attentive.  Not the best Italian food in the neighborhood, (competition is ridiculous!) but very good food.  Pasta dishes well prepared and tasty.  Great burrata (as would be expected). 
Mussels were too small (the actually mussels themselves) and desert (tiramisu) was only okay.  Reasonably priced and nicely sized portions ($90 including tip for 2 apps, 2 pasta mains, and 1 desert, but BYO was a cost saving bonus).  Were this not in the Italian food Mecca that is South Philadelphia, it would likely be a go-to, but with so many other great options in the neighborhood it will be a rare 4 star (would give 3.5 if I could) that I will return to only if other options are booked solid.I just attended an event there and it was amazing. Beautiful place, the food was delicious, and the service was outstanding. Their Burrata appetizer was incredible, I could have eaten that as my dinner and would have been happy.Ordered: Burrata, Potato Gnocchi, Capellini, Lemon Sorbet, and Creme Brûlée
Brought my two friends from out of town to this place, since they wanted to try authentic Italian food. Haven't been here, but heard they make their pasta fresh! Also found out this place is BYOB, so definitely bring your own wine if you do plan on having dinner here!
We first started with the Burrata as an appetizer, and the cheese was glorious! Then I had the Potato Gnocchi because I've been craving for some ever since I had some in Rome earlier this year. I'm a big sucker for mushroom, so when I saw they also add mushrooms to their Potato Gnocchi, it 100% won me over. My friends ordered the Capellini and they loved it! I had a bite and I would highly recommend it too! Their pasta was so fresh and al dente, like how it is in Italy. Then for dessert I ordered the Lemon Sorbet to cleanse my pallet, while my friends ordered the Creme Brûlée. No disappointments once again! 
I highly recommend this place if you want authentic Italian food in Philly! The service was great! 100% would come again!Solid byob Italian place, cute with good service.  Interior is not cramped like at some byobs. Worth trying, perfect for a low key date night or dinner w friends. Ordered the prosciutto and burrata appetizer, ravioli special and pork milanese. Ingredients were fresh and we enjoyed all the flavors. Only comment is that the cut of pork was not as nice/good textured as expected. Tiramisu was nice but a bit dry for my taste.Burrata was fantastic. Food was wonderful, from the appetizers to the mains, every dish tasted great. Service was a tad slow but it was a busy Saturday night. Great ambiance and even a few little outdoor tables for nice weather evenings.Burrata has easily become a favorite BYO in the East Passyunk neighborhood for us and many of our our friends. Although open for a relatively short time, the friendly and professional staff and quality food gives Burrata the feel of a well established neighborhood landmark restaurant. Modern and beautifully decorated, the space is perfect for special occasions as well as any night as an alternative to cooking at home. All of the pasta dishes made with fresh in-house made pasta are amazing! The potato gnocci with mushrooms pecorino and walnuts is a favorite as is the buccatini with arugula pesto asparagus and burrata. For appetizers, the artichokes and the mussels with chorizo are both great and the namesake burrata appetizer is out of this world! The lamb shank entree is another favorite. They also offer a very nice selection of desserts that never disappoint!  We have introduced many friends to Burrata and everyone has left full and very happy! You will definately leave knowing owner Dave and a few of the other friendly staff who always make you feel very welcome and taken care of. Word is getting out - Burrata is going to be a busy spot in EPA for many years to come!  Make your reservations early...We had an excellent dinner here last night with another couple. The place and menu is small (about 10-12 tables) and the selection is fairly limited but it seems like they are laser focused on perfecting the items they offer. The fresh octopus as an apetizer was simply amazing and everyone at the table loved their meals. The portions were just right and the rich flavors and combos were done exceptionally well. 
The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 out of 5 stars is because of the bread, which was a huge disappointment. Soft and fresh homemade bread is the hallmark of a good Italian restaurant IMO. The bread they served here tasted like the same slices we use to make turkey and cheese sandwiches for our kids lunches. 
If you leave out the terrible bread this place is top notch in my book and easily deserves all 5 stars as a reasonablably priced local Italian restaurant.I was so pleased by my experience at Burrata. The atmosphere and service were exceptional! Most importantly, the food was AMAZING!! We tried over half of the menu yet I couldn't pick a favorite because they were all so tasty. I definitely recommend getting an order of burrata because how could you not?! They also were so great about my friends birthday, we ordered a slice of cake and a cannoli and they served it with a candle!! Great experience and cannot wait to go back.Come here at least once a month. Food is great. Staff is welcoming. I came here last month without a bottle of wine and Alvin went out of his way to go and buy us a bottle.  Love Burrata.My wife and I had an awesome dinner here. The staff was extremely friendly and the food was excellent. We highly recommend Burrata and will be  back again!First time in Philadelphia. Decided to try this place after reading all the reviews. I'm glad we did. After looking over the menu I wanted to make some modifications. Dave- the owner- was very accommodating. The food was awesome! The fennel salad was delicious; combined with bucatini and pink sauce- Burrata on top! Highly recommend.Went here with some colleagues and it was spectacular!  We ordered the burrata, gnocchi, raviolis, artichokes and we shared the lamb and salmon and finished with cannolis and tiramisu.  The gnocchi, burrata and lamb were the favorites, but everything was delicious.  
My only advice if you go here- bring good wine and save room for dessert!This is a nice corner BYOB restaurant tucked away in South Philly.  The meal starts off with some freshly warmed bread that they provide. The butter is at room temperature which I always appreciate. 
We ordered the seafood stufato which has shrimp and calamari and mussels to start. Great flavors with their spicy tomato sauce. 
I ordered the gnocchi and each bite had a rich and creamy pecorino sauce with truffle oil. Really soft and fluffy bites of potato. 
My wife got the pappardelle and had big pieces of wild boar with the noodles. She enjoyed it.   
Last dish was the shrimp with squid pasta. Perfect cooked pasta and shrimp. 
Very good BYOB. It's a bit cramped inside and as a result, noisy as well. Good food!Just a lovely and delicious neighborhood spot.   Classic and delicious Italian food with little surprises to keep in interesting.   Cozy BYOB.Just tried Burrata's. Wow was it awesome. The service was great and the food was even better. The pasta was great and the desserts were the best I have had in a long time.  I can't wait to go back and bring our friends.Food was phenomenal, and portions were well sized. The gnocchi is to die for. It's BYOB, which keeps the price down. The restaurant is really small, so make a reservation, but it's worth a wait.This hidden gem tucked away at 13th and Wharton in South Philadelphia (site of the former August) should be on everybody's list when choosing a modern Italian restaurant in Philadelphia.
This is not your mother's South Philly place (think Ralph's or Frankie's Seafood); it's even better.
Both the restaurant (at about a dozen tables) and the menu are small, but everything about this place shines.  The appetizers, including the namesake burrata (served with peppers and a fig sauce) and the artichokes, absolutely crush it and prepare you for what's to come.  The pastas are tremendous, with high marks for the squash ravioli (why doesn't everybody's squash ravlioli taste this good?) and melt-in-your mouth-gnocchi are great contemporary takes on classic dishes.  The branzino is lovingly prepared.
Don't forget dessert!  We love cannolis, but these where other-worldly with a delicious light filling and a light and crunchy crust.  
Owner Dave supervised the front of the house like a hawk, but a gracious one, and the visible cook staff were working their faces off.  Service was attentive without being overbearing - just perfect.
This place is a BYO, which helps keep the pricing a great value for the money.
We'll be back, for sure.This was honestly one of the top dishes I've had in Philly. I just think the portions were a tad small and the bread was a bit sad. But everything we ate was phenomenal and perfect in texture and flavor. 4.25 stars. The seafood was amazing and the wild boar Ragu rivaled that which I ate in Italy. Just don't skimp me on the bread and cheese homies :)There are so many great Italian restaurants in Philadelphia, so I'd just move along from this one. There were four of us and the best meals were just okay (gnocchi and a fettuccine special). The other two were not very good.
Our waitress was not pleasant and made us uncomfortable multiple times. She made us feel like we were an inconvenience for her and we saw her roll her eyes and say something under her breath at our request two times. For instance, when we asked to split the check evenly across two credit cards. I feel like that is fairly standard for two couples having dinner. We won't be back.Opening Day - huge success at Burrata. Great food, beautiful and yet comfortable space. The owners made us feel special. Had the signature Burrata, grilled octopus, roasted beets, scallop risotto, pesto bucatini and key lime pie. Would have it all again but there are other menu items to try next visit. Good vibe the entire evening as they filled up inside and out. Don't walk, run to Burrata in South Philly.I recently had dinner here with a small group and had a terrible experience. With the exception of the burrata appetizer, which was good, no one in my party liked any of the food they ordered. We got the seafood appetizer and three of the five pastas, all of which were overcooked and oversalted, and the chicken entree which was way too dry. On top of that, the waitress and manager were extremely rude and unprofessional and made for an uncomfortable and unpleasant night. There are so many great Italian BYO restaurants in South Philly and the rest of the city. This is not one of them.Great solid Italian BYOB.  Corner place.  Everything had flavor.  Prompt service.  Deep in South Philly.I'm so happy we came here! The service was friendly yet attentive. The food exceeded our expectations. My girlfriends and I were having a 10 year reunion after meeting in Italy 10 years ago. Needless to say, good Italian food is important to our group. Burrata was complete and utter perfection. Get the gnocchi. I repeat, get the gnocchi!! They're little pillows that floated down from heaven. Other favorites in the group included the artichoke, burrata, garlic kale, ravioli, and the chocolate cake with pistachio gelato. Did I mention this place is BYOB? Well it is. So get a few bottles and enjoy the company of your friends and loved ones with some delicious Italian food.We have been wanting to try this place for quite some time as we always walk past and see how busy it always is! It did not disappoint. Super cute spot for a BYOB date night or night out with friends. Limited menu, but food was delicious. Service was great. I would highly recommend. We will definitely come back again!An amazing restaurant and BYO. Would recommend making a reservation. The capellini and Branzino main courses were amazing. Ordered the seafood stufato and combined with the burrata (a must) and it was so good.Burrata was a wonderful dining experience from start to finish. My boyfriend and I had a reservation at 6:30pm for his birthday. We were seated immediately and greeted by a friendly waiter who stayed attentive and personable the entire time.  We ordered the Burrata which was creamy and perfectly paired with prosciutto and fig. We also had the stuffato, lamb shank, and wild boar pasta. All of the flavors were really nicely balanced.  Although it became busy while we were eating, we never once felt rushed. This is a BYOB worth visiting. Great food, great atmosphere, great waitstaff.Amazing and authentic food and an even better wait staff. The pasta is always fresh and delicious. As the name suggests, try the burrata. BYOB.Service wasn't great (I get it, we were outside but maybe check on plus toward the end of the meal or look through the window). It takes a lot for me to even care about service so between that and the waitress being annoyed by our presence... pss.  The food was fine. I'm picky with Italian because a) there are so many great Philly options and b)if I can cook it just as well I don't want to pay $20 for it. Paparadelle was good but the bucatini so badly needed salt and or pepper (no one ever came to check on us after or dishes were served so no real way to remedy). Oh well!I went to Burrata for dinner on a weekday and would definitely go back again! However, it took us about 30 minutes to find street parking, because there were so limited spots. The restaurant was kind enough to let us keep our table even though we were so late looking for parking. The restaurant was small had a very cozy homey ambiance. We ordered right away and got these appetizers: Mussels, Roasted Beets, Special cheese board w/Burrata of the day. We got these entrees: Potato Gnocchi, Bucatini, Pappardelle. All of these dishes were delicious. The ones we would definitely get again are the mussels (broth was amazing!!), potato gnocchi (get another pasta to balance it out) and the pappardelle. The dinner cost was so reasonable for all of the delicious dishes we ordered!Dave has out done Himself yet again in the kitchen , the pork chop special was an absolute culinary miracle!! 16 oz perfectly cooked with roasted asparagus and mashed potatoes the sauce had a complex laying of flavors and a Touch of another spice towards the end that I couldn't quite figure out maybe cinnamon in either case the salmon was equally as delicious. One can. Never go wrong here. They treat you like family, the entire staff is extremely attentive it's why I keep coming back to this place kudos to Burrata for making exceptional dining experiences in south philly.Hidden gem!  Great food and service is fantastic!  Gnocchi is amazing.....and can't underrate BYOB.  Highly recommend and unlikely to disappoint.I really enjoyed this little slice of south Philly heaven. It's a tiny spot so I'd definitely make a reservation even if it's just for two. Oh and its BYOB! 
The food was packed with flavor and we were taken care of every step of the way. I was completely fine with my dietary restriction and was able to enjoy everything I wanted. 
The food was super yummy and good to share. We started with the seafood spafato and Burrata salad to share. For my entree I chose the risotto with day boat scallops. WOW. That's all I can say. It was a great portion, I was able to take some home, and I was definitely happy about that because it was incredible. 
My date got the bucatini pasta entree, it also came with Burrata cheese. The portion was not as hefty as my risotto but he was very pleased! 
For dessert we both went with an espresso, it was nice to sit and let our food digest and enjoy the experience. I will definitely be back!I highly recommend that diners find another one of the MANY phenomenal Italian restaurants in the Philadelphia area. The restaurant is very small, which, if done the right way could be wonderful. I recently went to Burrata with a group of 6. Upon sitting down we were greeted by a waitress who seemed less than thrilled to be at work let alone serving us. She did not introduce herself and was rather curt every time she came to our table. The restaurant is BYOB so our group brought some wine to share with dinner. Appetizers came out and they were nothing to write home about. The seafood stufato came out room temperature and is served in a very sweet tomato sauce. The dish was "okay" at best. We also ordered the Burrata appetizer - the only good thing in the menu and with a restaurant named after the cheese it better be good. While our waitress was maneuvering around the table trying to collect our plates she seemed angry that we were helping her by handing her our dishes we were finished with. There were a lot on the table in a very crowded place and we wanted to make it easier on her. Again, trying to do it all on her own she knocked over a FULL glass of red wine all down the front of my expensive dress. Embarrassed in front of my group of friends I jumped up and she rushed over trying to wipe my dress off and it was literally dripping wine. It went all over my dress, shoes, purse, jacket, etc. In all of this time, we NEVER saw the manager. He did not come out to speak with me nor apologize. When we got our bill, they did not even comp my meal. In shock, and still wet, I asked them what I was going to do about my ruined expensive dress and they told me "you can leave it here and we will dry clean it and you can come pick it up another day". What did they expect me to walk out in?! Then they took my meal off the bill but despite asking several times for the manager he still did not come up to our table. Finally when we saw him and tried to speak to him he referred to me as "yo girl", spoke over me, and told our group to "get out" before we paid. He then continued to follow us down the block in Philadelphia as we walked out. What a way to run a business!! Overall - the food is not worth it and the way the establishment is run is ATROCIOUS! Please do yourself a favor and find one of the MANY other phenomenal Italian restaurants in Philadelphia - this one is NOT it!!!Loved this place. BYOB. Had their Burrata, their bread is very very good. The gnocchi were super fluffy! Br had the scallops, they had a nice sear and tasted delicious. Had tea and coffee while sharkng some great tiramisu. would love to come back. Service was great and the kitchen is open and very clean, always a plus!Nice restaurant with a good location, inviting, intimate ambiance & subdued noise level. Service was attentive & good but the food was only  ok.  I had salmon,  which was good.  My son-in-law had scallops but felt the bed of risotto was a little dry.  My wife & daughter each had a pasta dish they thought was bland.  The appetizers were good but the bread rounds served with them & the entrees was dry.  Liked the restaurant but the food could have been better.Excellent food. Some portions were a little small but it was reasonably priced. Scallops with risotto were done to perfection. BYOB, which I always like. Creme brulee was delicious.This place is in need of a little bit of an attitude adjustment. Upon arrival, we were barely greeted and our reservation could have been completely made up, as there was no host/hostess checking for reservations! So any Joe Shmoe could walk in and say, "Hey, we had a reservation for two!" And they'd be sited promptly. After being sited 20 minutes after our reservation time, the waiter couldn't have been less interested and more snarky. I asked to put an appetizer in and he said "Sorry, we'll take your order when you're completely ready..." I have never experienced that in my entire life. Also, I watched the staff interrupt a couples meal, to move them to a different table to accommodate for a larger party! Which I've never seen before either!
Apart from the lack of service, the food was very pleasing. My date and I split the Burrata. She had the Ravioli, and I had the Lamb Shank. The Burrata and Ravioli were both delicious, but the Lamb Shank was a little underwhelming. 
Definitely will give this place one more chance, hopefully they have better service and I can update this review.Absolutely delicious. The burrata app was fantastic and flavorful, as were the ravioli (sauce was bomb) and the special fettuccine and seafood dish. On top of a fantastic meal, we had the best creme brûlée I've ever had in my life. The service was excellent as well. Definitely recommendGreat meal and service. My husband and I split the Beef Carpaccio, Burrata, wild boar pasta and scallops. The burrata as fresh and delicious; wild boar pasta was very tasty and could tell the pasta was homemade and the scallops were a nice size, we had 3 and they were also cooked very well and we enjoyed them. Our least favorite was the carpaccio- too much arugula and it was overdressed but everything else was so good, we don't really worry about it. 
The service was great - the host came by almost at every course and ask how it was.  He was very friendly and could tell he cared about our experience. Waiter was also very good. 
Burrata is a great casual neighborhood place with delicious food.Great find in our neighborhood.  So much better than anything in center city.  Come here and bring a couple bottles of red wine.  You will he happy!  We will certainly be back!Very attentive staff. It seemed like our waiter might have been the owner or at least a manager. He was very knowledgeable about the dishes and ingredients. We had the Chorizo Mussels, Crab Cakes, Salmon w/ Asparagus, and Potato Gnocchi. All were delicious! The only thing I didn't like was it was BYOB. We were really hoping for a glass of wine with dinner but were already sat and didn't want to walk two blocks just for a bottle of wine.What a great new gem  recently opened in South Philly!! Burrata hands down  is my new favorite place! 
I love Italian food but it's always the same at Italian restaurants: 10 page menu with 50 different pastas that essentially are the same. Burrata is like a breath of fresh air when it comes down to Italian food. It was 5 of us at the table and for the first time it didn't take us 25 mins to figure out what we wanted, everyone found something to their liking almost right away. 
For an appetizer I ordered  "Burrata" ( I just had to get it) and for the main dish I chose Lamb chops. 
Burrata appetizer  is such a great combination of different flavors and textures, the fig balsamic ( if not mistaken) drizzle was amazing!!! So simple but yet so good! 
Lamb chops -were the best lamb chops that I've ever had. So much flavor and so juicy!! And that kale garnish that came with lamb chops was just something that you don't expect to taste this good! 
Great service, everything was on time and I don't know who is the chef but he sure knows what he is doing. 
I can't wait to come back and try everything that's on the menu!!This had to be one of the best Italian meals I've ever had in my life. (If you tell my off-the-boat Italian grandmother that I said that, I'll deny everything). The food was just fabulous. A table of four we split a few apps and entrees and oh. my. god. Can I eat here every night? Can I live here? Is this what people talk about when they say they've found 'the one'?? Can I marry the scallops? When I die, bury me with the gnocchi. And when I forgot my credit card (because as if it wasn't already amazing it's also a BYOB and I might have had a glass ... or eight) THE WAITER CHASED ME DOWN THE ROAD WITH IT. Like a heckin' prince. 27/10 stars. Would nom here again.Small hole in the wall nondescript local eatery with a knack for creating delicious authentic Italian fare while at the same time offering outstanding service. A must try destination if you are interested in tickling your taste buds. Our party had the seafood stufato and grilled octopus for appetizers. Both of which were tasty and satisfying. We had 3 different entrées, 2 types of fish with our branzino, salmon and sea bass. Both were expertly prepared and paired with some of the most flavorful risotto we have ever experienced. For dessert the tiramisu was simply amazing and the lemon sorbet was also amazing and served in an actual lemon. We capped off the experience with a few cappacinos and bid farewell until our next visit which hopefully will be sooner rather than later. Do yourself a huge favor and make plans to visit as soon as possible, it might just be the most satisfying dining experience you have all year!Where to begin? The place is nice to look at. Hot to be in. The A/C unit and fan are a joke once the kitchen heats up and before all the tables are seated. The staff is sweet and friendly but quite a bit unorganized. We were seated at 6:15, on time for our reservation, and sat waiting to have our order taken until 6:35. I did keep tabs on the time because we were dining with two small children who were very hungry. We requested an ice bucket for our wine when we ordered our food. It didn't come until 7:05 after I had to ask a second time and after our wine had already come up to room temp I the balmy single room. Our appetizers were just ok, the cold flavorless roasted red peppers didn't do justice to the previous owners recipe AT ALL and gave me the sensation I was eating worms. It took nearly ten minutes before another server realized we weren't eating the apps and removed the plates. The kids pasta finally came 10 minutes after we had to ask for it. The wait for our entrees wasn't worth it. The portions were nice, food hot, plates well. The food itself was mediocre at best. Mine, the lamb chops with garlic kale and potatoes was cooked perfectly but the flavor was all wrong. The lamb chops tasted like breakfast sausage!! The seasonings were just wrong for lamb, I think I tasted mostly sage, the garlic in the kale was hardly noticeable. The potatoes were potatoes. Everything was crazy salty. Even my daughter who loves lamb chops wouldn't finish one. The pasta they had was hardly salted at all but had a nice flavor. My husband's fish was bland. He also had a parsnip purée that was delicious on its own and his artichokes were prepared well. I'm writing this here on Yelp instead of Open Table where I booked our table for this reason. The owners made the very unprofessional decision to cancel our reservation after we had dined, paid and tipped, and left so that I was unable to write a review OR receive my dining points on the Open Table platform. The place is new. I get it. I was willing to let this first trip be chalked up as newbie issues and to return later in the summer once they get better organized and staffed. But, once I saw they blocked me out on OT, I had to let it be known SOMEWHERE that right now is not the best time to go to Burrata and if you do go you may have to be a bit aggressive in getting your food on a busy Friday night. By the way, the hostess is practically useless. What they need is another server on the floor so they don't leave people in limbo waiting for everything. It's a shame, too. My friends that used to own the place made it feel like home when you were there before. I wish them luck and hope they get it together soon.We celebrated our anniversary at Burrata last night, our first visit since they opened a few weeks ago.  All I can say is make a reservation soon, because word is going to get out, and this place will be showing up on top 10 lists.  Be sure to try the Burrata appetizer...unique experience and the cheese is made fresh on site.  The grilled octopus was perfect.  The list of pasta dishes has something for everyone - vegetarians, fish lovers, meat eaters.  All pastas homemade and amazing.  We had the pappardelle with wild boar ragu - super tasty and a generous portion.  In fact all portions are generous.  The grilled Branzino was beautifully prepared and presented.  Dreamy lemon sorbet finished off a memorable dining event!  We will return early and often.
Burrata is BYOB and they do accept credit cards.Hidden gem! I played kickball across the street from here and have been wanting to go forever. I went for my birthday dinner. It was amazing! It's byob and the wine glasses so nice! 
The service was amazing! As soon as we sat down they opened our wine and got us water. They also kept filling up our water, we never had to ask! 
The food was so good! We started with the Burrata, it was a great texture. We got the crab cake appetizer special over squid ink risotto. The crab cake had a ton of meat it in and the flavor was good.
We got the wild boar pasta and the arugula pesto pasta. Both were amazing. For dessert we have a cannoli. Best one I have had since Italy! 
Overall it was a great experience. They don't rush you out and everyone is super friendly. I can't wait to go back again!Highly recommended. Three of us went here last evening. BYOB small space, but comfortable. Efficient, friendly service, and the food is outstanding. For appetizers we shared the burrata  and the braised octopus. They and all three entrees were perfect. For dessert the cannoli was excellent, and the house baked tiramisu was the best I have ever had.Great!  Definitely my favorite byob in south philly! 
Food is amazing!  Love the staff too!I ate at Burrata Saturday night with my wife and friends. Our reservation was for 5. We arrived on time and were seated promptly. Burrata is a small neighborhood Italian BYOB. The restaurant looks new and modern. The staff were very attentive and friendly.
The food is delicious. It is so good that I would go out of my way to come back here to eat. Everything we ate was delicious. I had the special grilled octopus for an appetizer. The octopus was seasoned and cooked perfectly. For my entree I had the special, pasta and shrimp and crabmeat. The homemade pasta was light and cooked perfectly. The pasta melted in your mouth.  My wife had the mozzarella, red pepper, and prosciutto appetizer. The mozzarella was amazing. She had pasta for dinner which she said was really good. For dessert we shared a cannoli and cappuccino. If your in south Philly stop at Burrata for dinner. You won't be disappointed.This was a find in a quiet section of philly south of center city and north of Passyunk square.  We were welcomed and seated as soon as we arrived, despite our party not yet being complete.  The staff immediately offered to open our wine (no corkage fee).  They accommodated my allergy issues, and the food was sublime.  Simple yes, but well thought out.  My first thought was that the burrata needed salt, until I realized that that was why it came with prosciutto:-))). The artichokes were clearly fresh and so well prepped that they were huge and tender all the way thru and swimming in a wonderfully warm and savory white wine broth that made me wish I could eat bread.  We all loved our dinners.  The pasta, the salmon, the lamb were all well prepared, and my friends loved their generous servings of tiramisu.  Considering we had apps, dinner, and dessert, it was surprised when our bill only came to around $50 each.  I would go back in a heartbeat.Very nice and cozy BYOB. Went there on a Friday with a friend and the place was getting packed by the minute. The menu has various options from appetizers to pastas and entrees. We decided to try the burrata (a must) the seafood stufato which was delicious and the scallops. All pretty great dishes. I'd suggest a bit more salting on the rice that comes with the scallops but that's just for my taste. Ending with a tiramisu was the cherry on top of a girl's night out. Being that the place is BYOB makes it even better. We will recommend it to our friends!Great meal at this BYO gem. Small menu comprised of a handful of starters, about eight homemade pasta dishes and three entrees. We enjoyed the artichokes, the burrata and prosciutto, the parpadelle with wild boar ragu, and the gnocchi with arugula pesto, asparagus and burrata. Excellent presentation and execution. Good ambiance with attentive service.Excellent food at this charming BYOB. The boar pappardelle and potato gnocchi were excellent. Flavors were perfect. The pork chop, lamb shank and branzino were cooked to perfection. The pork chop was especially delicious. Will be back.Excellent service, flavorful food, and comfortable ambiance is to be expected at Burrata. Bucatini pasta with arugula pesto is fantastic. Here they treat you like family. What a great addition to the neighborhood.Had to give this place 5 starts even though I wasn't blow away. Made reservations for two which is recommend on weekends. It has a max seating of 40 at any one time. It really should be less then that because there are two tables three feet from the door. I arrived 5 min early for reservations and had to wait for the current diners to vacate the table. Normally this wouldn't be an issue however there isn't any where to wait except outside it was in the 30s so rather cold. When you make reservations ask not to be seated near the door. If you are you'll get blasted by cold air when the door is opened and if people decide to wait at the door they are on top of you. Aside from that the food was very good. We ordered the Burrata and also beets both were very good. Followed with the pappardelle, it was plenty of pasta for one person and enough for two to share and have a decent taste without being full. We also ordered the scallop dish and a branzino special both were cooked well. My single biggest complaint was the noise. I don't know if it was because of the large party in the corner but it was so loud there I couldn't even really hear the server giving the specials and had to have her repeat it.Wonderful moderate Italian restaurant in South Phils. The staff are very attentive during you're full meal. This is not just a small romantic place but families of 6/8 with children dine here. 
The menu is limited because it is different. Every dish is custom from the chef. He even incorporated a special request from me. 
I started with the Mussels which were sweet enjoyed the white wine & chorizo sauce. The Fettuccine squill ink pasta was an excellent choice for a combination dish. 
Finished the dinner filled with homemade Cannoli Italian cream
Moderately price and very affordable for couples or families. Don't forget to bring you're own wine.Probably one of the best modern Italian dishes you'll find. Coming from Italian fam that makes homemade gravy and meatballs that's hard for me to say. Ever changing menu that's always on pointWe had family visiting and everyone wanted Italian again. We were heading to Ristorante Pesto but the restaurant was full and was not taking any walk ins. We decided take a walk down to checkout Burrata because of the stars and also from all the reviews it received. 
What we ordered:
Starters: Grilled Baby Octopus, Mussels, and Artichoke
Main: Fettucini, Pappardelle, Capellini with Crab Meat, Gnocchi, and Slow Braised Lamb Shank with Farro.
The entire family reaction after dinner was WOW. So glad we got turned away from Ristorante Pesto. Everything was cooked to perfection. I appreciate a restaurant that have homemade pasta. The dishes were serve in the right portion and it wasn't your typical Italian restaurant loaded with marinara sauce. The capellini and lamb shank was the special of the day. My favorite was the gnocchi with wild mushroom and truffle. I can't wait to go back and try more dishes.just want to take the time to personally thank the chefs , the wait staff Davie, Brett , Manuelle , and everyone else, this place is my new go to for Italian cuisine the food is impeccable, the Lamb shank I had this week was probably one of the better dishes I have had all year. tender moist and succulent the perfectly cooked lamb melts in your mouth. fall off the bone tenderness placed on a bed of mashed potatoes with gravy over laying it and served with poached then smoked asparagus, i couldn't of left any happier. This place is so good the ambience there in and of itself is why we keep coming back. In leas than a month i have been there three times. it feels like family when you are havin dinner there. I'm looking forward to yet another fantastic meal from Burrata!!!! thanks guys this place is the best !Dave has out  done Himself yet again in the kitchen , the pork chop special was an absolute culinary miracle!! 16 oz perfectly cooked Berkshire York Pork Chop with roasted kale with garlic and mashed potatoes the sauce had a complex laying of flavors and a Touch of another spice towards the end that I couldn't quite figure out maybe cinnamon in either case the salmon was equally as delicious. One can. Never go wrong here. They treat you like family, te entire staff is extremely attentive it's why I keep coming back to this placeThe food , service & hands on ownership was off the charts . I had the pork chop & my wife had the gnocchi . Both of these entrees were excellent as were the apps we had ( Burrata with prosciutto & beet salad ) . This was our first time here but it won't be our last .Chose this place based on reviews and was not disappointed. Great and quick service. Food was top notch, delicious!. I have zero negative things to say about this amazingly cozy restaurant. Thank you to owner and staff!