Super friendly service!
Pulled pork was juicy, moist, and flavorful.  The chicken was the same.  Brisket had a perfect smoke ring, was tender, had good flavor, but was a tad on the dry side.  Sweet tea was as it should be!  We had a great experience overall.  We are from Texas, so we are familiar with good BBQ!Tried it out on it's grand opening.
Food was nothing special. Chicken and brisket were dry and not flavorful. Pulled pork was edible.
Beans and french fries were ok. Cornbread was bland along with mac & cheese.
Nothing stood out above "just ok" which is an issue for a new restaurant. It needs to step up it's game to even compete with other places in the immediate area.Stopped in for lunch to this brand new spot and all I can say is WOW!  The customer service was on point, the food was even more impressive, and it was so quick!  I'm going to be spending a lot of time here because there just isn't anything in the neighborhood!!I was walking down Walnut St to get to work when I noticed that Butcher's Smokehouse was having their grand opening. I'm a HUGE fan of BBQ so I decided to give it a try for lunch.
I ordered the 2 meat combo which included 2 meats, 2 sides and a drink. I chose the Texas brisket, ribs and 2 servings of the seasonal veggies for sides. The portions were HUGE for only $14.95. This place also has 3 different sauces, my favorite was mixing the chipotle and honey garlic.
Overall I had a great experience. The workers were friendly, the environment was delightful and the food was excellent. My ribs were very juicy and slid right off the bone. My brisket was a little bit on the dryer side but still tasty. I've never had BBQ in Texas before but this place definitely made a nice first impression on me.
I came back for a second time and ordered the jalapeño cheddar sausage and half chicken along with the sweet corn on cob. The jalapeño sausages were absolutely amazing - juicy and full of flavor!!Solid food, and great prices. The portions were huge. Will certainly be coming back. Got the 2 meat platter with pulled pork and brisket. Brisket slices were thick and juicy. Pulled pork had the perfect amount of sauce. 
For my sides I got the cornbread and veggies. Cornbread was great. Veggies were ordered as an attempt to be healthy, but they were actually really nice and steamed with solid flavor.Decided to check out Butcher's for lunch, I decided on the two meat platter; brisket and smoked wings.  My sides were greens and Mac and cheese.  I gave it three stars for the following reasons:  the Mac and cheese had very little taste to it, they'll have to work on that, the brisket was delicious, but cut to thick and the fat wasn't trimmed.  Wasn't crazy about the cornbread being a side order and not part of the meal.  Lastly, and most importantly, the young lady serving the food should have her hair properly covered.  I'll give them another try soon.Great new place downtown I stopped by on my way to work. I had the 3 meat combo. Ribs were great, brisket was good but a little dry and not seasoned enough and the sausages were delish!  Baked beans were a bit too mustardy for my liking, and the carrots were good too! I love the Chipotle and honey garlic sauces that were on the table. The workers who I came across were really nice and friendly. I think the cashier Lana was very professional, very kind , pleasant and helpful. Carefully explained everything to best of her knowledge. I didn't catch the other girls name but she was friendly too. I'll definitely return soon.
Good portions too!The brisket was "ok". The service/attitude was terrible. 
Q: "Can I get lean meat?"
A: "no"
Q: "can I get fries as a side?"
A: "it's cooking"
Q: "what is polish Karbala?"
A "we don't have it"
Not a place to come back, ever.I eagerly visited Butcher's for lunch take-out today and was very disappointed.  I ordered the pulled chicken platter, which came with two sides and a beverage for $12+.  The chicken was full of small pieces of bone.  I have had many pulled chicken entrees in the past from other BBQ joints, but never one where the bones were pulled along with the meat.  It was inedible.  The baked beans tasted like they came right out of the can -- no seasoning or meat (ham or bacon) to give them that home-made taste.  Definitely will not be going back...at least not for the chicken.Order Uber eats: got two -two meat combos. Chicken is dry, brisket is not as juicy but not bad, sausage is good ,and the ribs are just okay. They didn't give us any utensils or napkin and on the instructions I specifically asked for there 3 sauces but they gave us nothing.Stopped in today to grab lunch with a friend and let's just say...I need a NAP! Wow. First and foremost, the staff here are SO friendly. We were greeted with smiles, given menu recommendations, and explained a bit about how the menu works.
We decided to try an array of items and shared them all. There were a few standout items: fall-off-the-bone pork ribs were delicious as was the smoked brisket. The pulled chicken was juicy and flavorful. There were 3 different sauces on the table as well, all of which were very tasty and enhanced the flavors of the meats.
I really enjoyed the collards, cucumber and tomato salad, and mac and cheese. All 3 were well-seasoned and very good. The cornbread was a bit dry for my liking as was the bun that the pulled chicken was served on, and while I tasted the potato salad, I'm generally not a fan (anywhere, not just here) so didn't eat much of it.
We were also served pickled onions, jalapeños, and pickles which were a nice added touch.
Overall, I had an excellent experience at Butcher's. We left full, happy, and loved the hospitality that the staff demonstrated. I will definitely be back. Thank you, Butcher's!My friend introduced me this gorgeous place. Nice food, Great service, quick delivery. This is my first time to come a local BBQ restaurant with my family. Highly Recommended!!!!!This is not really BBQ. I had the brisket and there was no smoke flavor at all. There was also no smoke ring. It's not bad food, but it sure  isn't BBQ.  I think it would be better for their business to call this food what it is rather than advertising it as BBQ. 
I grew up in the south and my father used to cook whole hogs for events. I regularly make BBQ over charcoal. One thing I know is BBQ. If you are looking for real BBQ flavor this isn't it. Not even close.The BBQ here is amazing. You can get a plate, sandwich, bowl, salad, or burrito. I highly recommend the pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw and honey BBQ sauce. Additionally, the brisket is so tender and melts in your mouth. Collards are bangin'. Kind of pricey and the portions are small, but very filling.I should have known when the cashier handed me the free cornbread with over enthusiasm there was something a miss. This cornbread is AWFUL!! Inedible not fully cooked they are serving this to customers. The brisket was a 6 the spring mix was dry tasteless, the potato salad had good texture but had little taste needs relish. Please ppl I beg you read a southern cooking blog . ( sidenote; I am a cornbread expert I make cornbread stuffing from scratch)I came to Butcher's Smokehouse craving BBQ and was not disappointed.  When I saw all the meats they had to offer, I honestly could not decide.  Luckily Jen was there to guide our selections (and set us up with something slightly off the standard menu).
Outside the half chicken, we literally enjoyed everything on the menu.  I mean everything.  The brisket, yes get the brisket.  It was so juicy.  The pulled pork, it pairs amazingly well with their chipotle sauce.  The sausage might have stolen the show, if not for the St Louis Ribs, which were oh so meaty.  I cannot forget the pulled smoke chicken, but to be honest, it was a bit dry.
BBQ isn't complete without delicious sides and Butcher's delivered.  You can have them make up a small salad and enjoy some top notch sweet cornbread.  Of course, you probably are like me and prefer to focus on the mac-it-y mac & cheese, savory collard greens, and the tangy jalapeno pickle onion.  For thoe who enjoy sweet potato, you can dig into their mashed sweet potato with ease.  I barely saved room for their colesaw.
As Jared J noted, the place is immaculate.  Plenty of seating and very clean.  I didn't interact with any other staff other than Jen, however, she was very helpful and right on point with her recommendations.  I'll be back to try these meats in taco form!I came here because of free drink with Yelp check in.
The place is nicely decorated and clean. Very friendly and helpful staff. I got pulled pork and half chicken. The pulled pork is dry and had some light spicy kick. I don't taste strong barbecue flavor by  itself. I have to add the barbecue sauce.
The chicken is tender and okay. Taste like regular rotisserie chicken.
Corn bread is warm and moist but a little bit crumbly.
Baked bean is my favorite from what I got today. Not overly sweet and I had a slice of small bacon.
There are several side dish options including veggies, Mac and cheese, salad. 
I like the environment friendly containers. 
Overall it's an okay place. I don't find anything special that makes me come back.Found a very pleasant surprise at newly opened Butcher's for Sat lunch. A good variety to choose from but settled on  3 ribs (excellent and meaty), 2 great sides, and a large drink for $13.  Extra sauces on the table were not needed but tasty anyway.  And the restroom was white and clean!  Definitely will be my place for Walnut St. BBQ.OK Place, Let's wait and see.  
They recently opened near my job. It seems like everyone is doing Chipotle/Boston Market Style food serving .  1: see menu 2: either point or select your prefered meat and sided then keep moving to the cashier. 
I selected the one meat combo at first. The smoked chicken leg quarter. I had to upgrade because the chicken seemed rather small. I added the Brisket. with some carrots and green beans in a tomato sauce that was Ok. 
There are 2 kinds of BBQers , those that believe that the smoke is a seasoning and little else so that the smokey meat flavor come through. Then there are  those that season their meat before smoking so that it add another dimension to the meat. I prefer the seasoned meat kind . This place is the other. You can taste the chicken and smoke . The brisket was tender. I added their chipotle BBQ sauce. I left content. 
Over all it adds to the BBQ choices in Philly. I'm still prefer and recommend Sweet Lucy's on State Road and Ribs -R-Us in Olney.  
If you are a Smokey kind of Person. You'll love  Butcher's.
The Prices were reasonable,but not for every day lunch downtown while working. I spent 17 dollars including the unsweetened Iced Tea.
It's more of a payday lunch place.They should probably do some lunch portions on the 5-10 dollar range. They do have sandwiches at that range.  Ill go there again, eventually.So. Good. Ended up finding this place by accident, bc mcgillans had too long of a wait. All four of us were so happy. The fries are so good and the pulled pork was too. Good prices. We couldn't have been happierGood price, good food. Yummy meats and the bbq is not too salty. Perfect place to go to for lunch! Comfortable atmosphere and the service is friendly.New bbq fast-casual place opened up around my area. Had the 1 meat combo with brisket, Mac, and greens. Gflavors, kept things simple. Would recommend people to give it a try !Just left Butcher's Smokehouse and WOW was I impressed. We were starving and happened to be walking by and their meat selection drew us in. Clean, comfortable environment with perfectly cooked BBQ that is fairly priced. I'm not kidding when I say the portion sizes were generous. The staff is extremely friendly so with all things considered, choosing to eat here is a no brainer.My daughter enjoyed her meal, though she regretted ordering the sandwich.  It was more expensive than the platter, and the bread was dry and not very tasty.  She ordered mac and cheese and corn as her sides, and they were both quite good.  The brisket was tender and juicy.
The only bathroom was down a windy set of stairs, and it was not very well maintained.  It wasn't dirty, but wasn't pristine either.  
The prices were quite good for the location.  I would go back, as they are very convenient for a lunch or dinner before or after theater at the Forrest or Kimmel.
The employees were very pleasant and friendly.  They offered assistance for our ordering, but we didn't need the help.  Our food was prepared promptly and efficiently.While waiting in line I see the cook drop the coleslaw on the floor pick it up with is bare hands puts it back on the container and throws it away.   Without cleaning his hands goes back to touching and cutting the corn bread.  Needless to say that I was disgusted by it and lost my appetite.Wow, good to see a new BBQ place in center city. Ever since Percy street closed it has been a real problem to find quality Brisket in center city. 
This place has the stuff, ribs were great, brisket was certainly better than average! Beans were not good, and the fries were average, so hopefully that was just a fluke, but when I am in the area I will be back!Stopped by before it was officially open and to our surprise the dinner was free :) !! The staff was super friendly. They didn't have the whole menu available yet but we were very happy with our choices (pulled pork and ribs). I agree with the other reviews that the ribs were maybe too tender...but they were delish !! I am sure I will be coming back to try other option on the menu.The brisket and pulled pork were dry although the ribs were ok. Their Mac and cheese is so bland, I've had better out of a box. The only redeeming quality of this place is the different sauces they have available.Butcher's is a beautiful and new fast-casual BBQ place! Like every BBQ place, I wanted everything on the menu. The pick 3 meats and 2 sides platter was the perfect option. The brisket was slightly dry but when I added the housemade chipotle BBQ sauce it tasted good! The half chicken fell off the bone and went really well with the house made honey BBQ sauce. The ribs had nice flavor to them and also fell of the bone. For the sides I had mac and cheese which was good but not my preference for mac n cheese. I just prefer baked mac and cheese but I know other people like a more saucy mac. I loved Butcher's collard greens because I make mine pretty damn close to how they make theirs. They're clearly cooked in pork of some sort (a must), have a little kick and a hint of vinegar. They cook theirs down more (which is a total preference thing) but had a great balance of flavor. Butcher's sauces definetly have more vinegar in them so if you like Carolina BBQ...this place is for you. 
Our service was great and the staff was so friendly! Took the time to answer any question. In terms of the price and quantity of food, you can't beat it! Split the 3 meat and 2 sides platter with one other person and we still had so much leftover. All of our food was only $20!I went in because I was looking for the masala kitchen and saw that it had moved across the street and this smokehouse now occupied the area. The girl at the front told me people lined up for the brisket and that people get sad when they ran out. So, obviously I get the brisket and the half chicken, with mac and fries. I take it home and am looking forward to a very good meal after not eating for 10 hours. I take a bite and disappointment washes over me. It tasted like smokey water. It tasted like food you serve to people you hate. WHERE IS THE SEASONING? WHO IS LINING UP FOR THIS AND DO YALL HAVE TASTE BUDS?! The mac tasted liked the boxed stuff and the sauces had a weird chemically taste. The fries were... Fries. Like you can't mess up fries. Also they skimp on the portions. I literally watched the girl cut the meat, weight it and take out a single slice because I guess it was too much. Too much is FIVE slices of brisket. SIS. WHAT YOU GONNA DO WITH THE SINGLE SLICE ANYWAY and this was after she FORGOT that I even ordered the brisket. I can't believe I paid $18 for this. Save yourself.Ordered ribs and Chef caesar salad. I put my favor sauce of Chipotle on the top. Yummy!!! And, had a 10% off. Strongly recommend :)I had the Pork Spare Ribs, half rack and Texas Beef Brisket. These 2 are a MUST try! Staff was super friendly and quick.I'm always on the lookout for good BBQ in the city, so I was curious about trying this new spot in the city. The decor is great, and the staff was SO friendly! However, the food was pretty mediocre. I got the 3 ribs combo with 2 sides and a drink. My sides were baked beans and macaroni cheese. I admittedly have very high standards when it comes to "soul food" having grown up in the south, but I thought the mac and cheese was fairly bland and reminiscent of most microwaveable mac and cheese meals. I also thought the baked beans were mushy, and tasted more like a vegan chilli than hearty, BBQ baked beans. The staff was kind enough to exchange the beans for corn on the cobb, which unfortunately tasted as if it'd been sitting in water for a while, as the kernels were mushy as well. The ribs were the best part, though I'd prefer my ribs with more meat on the bones, and a bit more tender (mine seemed too smoked and dried out). The chipotle sauce on the ribs were pretty yummy though. They had a TON of choices that I'm sure are tasty, but I think I'll go the few extra blocks to Reading Terminal to find some truly delicious and affordable ribs.So I'll preface by saying I ordered from Uber Eats, and I cannot speak to the decor of the place. So I got a 2 meat platter with 2 sides. I ordered brisket, half a chicken, potato salad, and collard greens. Food came within minutes. Upon first glance, portions were generous. The didn't skimp on the brisket. Unfortunately, the flavor completely missed the mark. The brisket didn't have the pink ring and that smoke flavor that you expect. It was moist for the most part, but there were some dry areas. I've never seen dry brisket to be honest. The chicken was completely dry and flavorless. The collards could've used a little salt. They were at least well cooked. The potato salad was pretty good for the most part.
I can't say I'll be trying this again.I've had a couple of great experiences at Butcher's Smokehouse so I figured I would share! They have the best brisket I've had yet in the city; it's tender and flavorful without having a ton of excess fat (you definitely get your weight in actual meat). I've also had the pulled pork which is smokey and delicious, although I would have preferred it to be naked so I could add the sauce myself instead of coming with it already on. I've had a few of the sides and none of them have blown me away, but they certainly don't detract from the meal at all. 
Overall I've been very satisfied with the service I've gotten each time and the manager/owner that is always in there seems to take a lot of pride in his craft. This will definitely be a frequent lunch stop during my work week!A relatively new (~2 months) local BBQ spot with quick service and pretty good meat on the whole! 
Atmosphere: Clean inside, with friendly service - not crowded at all, which is nice. Came in on a Sunday afternoon, and it was quite empty (maybe 2-3 other folks inside). Inside seats around 20-25 folks in total. The food came very quickly (maybe a 5-10 minute wait). 
Food: A great price for the amount of food you get - ~$22 for 3 choices of meats, and a few sides. We particularly enjoyed the pulled pork - flavorful, and large portion size! However, I wouldn't go for the sides again - steamed vegetables were quite bland, and I could've made the mac & cheese on my own. I did enjoy the barbecue sauces they offered (honey BBQ, and chipotle, which is a tad spicier, but not hot). 
Overall: 4/5 would go back for the meat, particularly the pulled pork, and super quick service. Nothing was spectacular, but if you're looking for a lot of meat, decent prices, and fast casual, this is a solid option.It is my first time came to this place, and I ordered chicken and fries with my friends today.  It tastes good. I think I will come back again.Weird experience. Saturday, mid afternoon, I order a sandwich. The person behind counter says they have no bread. Ordered a taco. Person behind counter shakes her head, no taco shells. We leave. So Butcher's is ok with lost business rather than going to a market, several close by, and buying some bread and taco shells. Poor management? Bad customer service? I don't plan to return. Many other options close by.Head chef Chris should go national with his recipe!!!!!!!!! We Really enjoyed his food and his hospitality !!!
We are visiting from N. Carolina so we knowwww what a good meat tastes like. Truly amazing and would recommend to everyone, especially after a night of drinking !!!!Stumbled in here from the cold after walking around center city with my family. Food is amazing - flavorful and so tasty. What a gem to find on the streets of Philadelphia. Would highly recommend! And the staff is so friendly too. Do yourself a favor and check this place out!I'm trying to find a decent rib joint in the southern part of the city, so I stopped in just for the ribs. They were a tad disappointing. I purchased the rack of ribs to take home for the family taste test. All agreed that they were tender, almost too tender! This, along with the fact that I didn't taste that "low and slow" smoked flavor leads me to believe that the ribs are parboiled, then finished in the oven. They remind me of my mom's ribs and that's what I'm definitely NOT looking for! That long smoke cooked flavor is definitely missing. The mustard sauce was a bit too mustardy for my liking and the red sauce tastes like it may be some commercial brand. Macaroni and potato salads were okay.
All in all, they were just average, nothing to write home about. Great staff though. My great ribs search continues.As a Texan, I'm very glad to find good BBQ in center city near my office!  Brisket is very solid.The staff is very nice, the food is alright. For the super combo you get two sides and a drink. The portions of the sides are huge and it would have better to have smaller portions of 4 sides rather than large portions of two sides. That said, the meat is decent quality but I felt like I needed more variety in my meal.great place！great food！
I bet you will love the chicken wing here!!
Also the bbq short ribs are the best in phillyI really love this place when I'm hungry, this smokehouse is my favorite place to eat!Amazing food, run by amazing people!!! Loved the brisket and Mac and cheese. Chef Chris was the best and definitely hooked it up.I've had this place in the back of my mind since it opened and finally got around to trying it today.  I pulled up the menu online before I walked over so I could decide what I wanted, but when I got there, the employee informed me that they "don't have" THREE of the items I tried to order, despite them all being listed on the menu right above her head.  Keep in mind that this was 2:30 PM on a Wednesday.  Maybe next time I can have the special version of the menu that only includes the items they actually have?Very good restaurant and delicious good! I'm not a meat lover, but the steak is crispy, as well the fries, deep fried with sea salt, not greasy at all. Food serves fast, no need to wait, good for starving groups lol. Very good choice, must try!We were walking around the city and saw a BBQ smoke place open up around the neighborhood so we tried it out, the place was nicely design and the food was amazing. I had the three meat combo with the ribs, beef 
brisket and the wings. It was good amount of food for the price. I am so exited something different open up around the neighborhood.Food was delicious. The ribs are flavorful and tender. They're so soft, they fall right off the bones. The briskets were super tasty with just the right amount of fat. We had cornbread and sweet corn as our sides and they were very good. The place was clean and comfortable. Highly recommend!Small portions of dried out ribs and brisket. And tasteless sides. This place is not very good.I had the super combo plate with sliced brisket, came with two HUGE sides, I had potato salad and it had huge chunks of potato and sliced egg, also had the mac n cheese.  It comes with tea which was perfect, and I ordered a slice of cornbread for an additional $3.  The super combo plate cost $12, but you get so much food.  The two sauces are Honey BBQ which is a bit runny and thin, but good, and also a Chipotle sauce which is thick and spicy.  Overall, I'd eat there again.I had a chance try the food at Butcher's smokehouse during its grand opening week. I had the shrimp and brisket when I stopped by and was quite pleased. The shrimp was flavorful and the brisket was very juicy. 
If I could come back, I would definitely try the other options that they had available.I was leaning more towards 4 stars, but honestly this place has really solid BBQ and deserves a higher overall rating. I grew up with KC bbq and I've spent a lot of time in the Carolinas visiting family. When I moved to Philly, it was disappointing how bad the BBQ options are here. This is by far the best BBQ I've tried in Philly. I tried the brisket, ribs, and pulled pork, all were good! The weakest parts were the corn beard (little dry) and sweet tea. And no beans? Maybe they were out for the night, but I was given the impression they don't offer a side of beans anymore. What kind of BBQ restaurant doesn't have beans? Otherwise, I recommend this spot for anyone looking for decent bbq and I'll definitely returnButcher's Smokehouse was really good! I came with my friends and nobody was disappointed. The food and service was top notch and the owners were very friendly! Would definitely recommend to anyone in the area looking for some BBQ!Came here after leaving another restaurant for terrible service, and were so happy we did. Super friendly and the food was amazing.  Brisket, pulled pork, even the mac and cheese.  Would come back again and again. Thanks for saving our night!Had an amazing meal with my family. I had the beef brisket so so good very tender amazing flavor. My boys had pulled pork, bbq chicken, and ribs everything was so good , staff greeted us and was very friendly. Was our 1st time there and first time in Philly. Had a super time there and we will return again. I would recommend anyone to go here for a great meal, nice job ,gals and guys...This is not a fancy spot but they have some good Cue. The meats were really seasoned well and some of the sides were good. I could see the smoke rings on the ribs. I opted for the sauce but you do not need it. I like the honey garlic sauce the best. The chipotle is not that hot but has a little kick to it. The lady in the front (Jenn) was nice and the place is clean. It was pretty empty but I had a great meal here. If I am in town again I would definitely stop in. I've had Cue in St. Louis and in Nashville. I must say I was pleasantly surprised by this place. Give it a try you won't regret it.I think this is a meat poke bowl place.  I did not see sandwiches on the menu but they made me one.  It was a good sandwich.  It was not a good cheesesteak but that's not what they do.  I am interested to see what a meat poke bowl taste like.  The sauce and extras were very tasty.  New place so everything was sparkly clean.  Very nice people.  Sandwich, drink, bathroom and tables under $10 after tax in the center city.  Good overall experience.This new restaurant opened up in such a great part of the city.  The ribs and pork are great haven't had a chance to try the chicken yet though.  Their tacos are gorgeous and have a bit of a kickButcher's Smokehouse is an exciting addition to the ever-sparse Center City barbecue scene!
A friend and I went for lunch the other day, and we couldn't help but notice how cozy the dining area is and how nice the staff were. We went about 11:30am, and the staff warned us that a couple operational issues had them not ready to serve yet. So we said we'd wait at a table, and asked them to let us know when they would be ready to take our orders.
The dining area is huge, the tables are spacious, and the decor was a nice wood-themed that made us feel we stepped out of the city and into a little slice of modern country. As we were chatting, the staff said they were ready and we stepped up for our orders.
Butcher's is a fast-casual style restaurant - where you step up to the counter to order, they create your meal as you go, pay at the register, and then grab your drinks and seat yourself. These types of restaurants are on the rare side for Center City, and are always my preference.
My friend and I always love brisket, and it's the quintessential item for how I judge a barbecue place. I'm happy to report that the brisket was very moist and delicious and had a nice crust to it. It's ok that this was not the best brisket I've had from similar types of restaurants, but it's good enough that I do look forward to visiting again for more of it - especially considering that there aren't many barbecue restaurants in Center City. The brisket was absolutely delicious and meaty, but it lacked a requisite smokey flavor that I expect to find. My friend felt the same way.
Each table has three barbecue sauces for your meal: chipotle (a more traditional barbecue sauce with a slight sweetness to its smokey flavor), honey garlic (rather mild, slightly sweet but had a nice hint of garlic), and country sweet (your more typical north carolina style sauce with mustard and vinegar). I kept switching between the three sauces, as I found them all delicious. Butcher's also has ketchup and hot sauce near the drink station, if you have a preference for any of that.
Moving on - Butcher's offer plenty of freshly made sides. Another staple I judge barbecue restaurants with is the cole slaw, and Butcher's version is good enough. It's definitely on the wet/mayo side, in case that's not your preference.
We both got the delicious mashed sweet potatoes, and I tried my friend's mac & cheese - which I look forward to having my own full serving of, next visit!
Butcher's offer a great variety of both hot and cold sides: including potato salad, greens, steamed veggies, fries, etc. Anybody should have no trouble filling their entree, other than trying to decide on several of them!
The drink station offers you unlimited iced teas, lemonade, and water - again, and treat for Center City, since many restaurants charge you per drink. A good barbecue place needs to offer this, as all that savory meat can make you thirsty - right down to the delicious finish of cornbread!
Oh yeah - another critical barbecue judgement point: cornbread. Butcher's cornbread was the perfect compliment to our meals. It was the perfect combination of moist and not-too-sweet (which is where many places go wrong). In fact, it makes a great palette cleanse while eating the meats and pouring on any of Butcher's three barbecue sauces.
The meals ran us the better part of a twenty-dollar bill each, but we were full and again - we were in Center City. I certainly look forward to a return visit here, and wish to try some other meats with hopefully some nice smokey flavor in them.The food offerings here are okay. I was honestly let down by the sauce offerings. Most BBQ joints offer a variety of squeeze bottles with different flavors of BBQ sauce. Unfortunately Smokehouse doesn't offer any. They hit me with a Texas sized brisket sandwich. I was very pleased with the portion size. Totally enough to fill you up!!! You also get two sides with a meal. I opted in for the beans. Overall the food tasted quite good! I would recommend for a fast casual but I hope they expand their sauce offerings.