This Chef only buys fried chicken from this place. My only Soul food spot, good & consistant. ALWAYS call ahead!Had some for a building holiday party. Very good food. Meatballs and sweet potato's were deliciousI got the baked chicken...or should I say chicken jerky. This measly piece of breast meat was so overcooked the edges were turning translucent. I could barely chew through it to swallow. They were out of EVERYTHING when we arrived, which made me assume my food would be tasty. The black eyed peas tasted like they were just boiled. Had something weird looking in it maybe bacon, but absolutely no flavor. Cabbage was the same, just boiled. Not exactly sure why we had to wait 20 minutes for food that they popped in the microwave. I'm assuming at one point over the years they served cornbread, well no longer. My bf got fried fish and chicken; it all tasted like flour. The mac and cheese was super dry and burnt, and tasted like boiled noodles nothing else. Sweet potatoes are definitely from a can, probably why they taste so good in comparison to everything else. We only went here because we had a free gift card. STILL wound up spending like 20 bucks. Wasn't worth the drive we made half way across the city. And having to listen to the cook curse and complain about working there made those 20 minutes seem even less fruitful. Definitely won't be back.I went to a nail salon near the area and asked the ladies for some fast food recommendations. They immediately told me that Butters had great soul food. I was hungry and in the neighborhood so I thought I would give it a try. Man, I was surprised that a take-out like this existed in the neighborhood. I've lived in the neighborhood for two years but I didn't even know about this place! I had fried chicken dark meat (2 drumsticks and one thigh) with two sides, greens and rice with gravy) which came to $10.80. The wait was long (35m) for one entree with only several people around but it was worth it. They seem to make things per order. The best part was that the chicken was pipin' hot and crispy. The batter was good- could use some more seasoning or honey but good. The collards were good as well- simple, just the way I like it. When I got home, I added some red pepper for some spiciness. The rice with gravy was nothing special. Overall, I'm glad a takeout such as this is around the neighborhood and I will be ordering again when I crave fried chicken. The staff was friendly too. This time I'm calling beforehand though.Street Parking only. Get ready to wait for 25 mins for your order. Portions are small for the price you pay. Collard greens are very salty. Beef short ribs were tough and chewy. It was not tender at all. All side orders were all gone by 6:30p. Only collard greens was left.Butter's catered my grandmothers repass yesterday. Kevin was very professional and delivered as promised. We found Butter's online, as we are from Brooklyn, NY. Upon arriving at the repass, all the food was set up properly with linens, drinks, and utensils. We didn't have to do anything. The food was great as well! We ordered fried chicken, baked chicken, Mac and cheese, collard greens, string beans, African rice and salad. If in Philly again, I will stop in and dine.I thought the wings were small, like wings you get from the Italian Market. Reflecting on it, they probably were the size a normal chicken wing should be. I'm just use to chicken with hormones that are twice the size....
The Macaroni and Cheese lacked flavor. 
The yams tasted like they came from a can. 
Meh. I've experienced better.The worst meal I've had, ever. The green beans were total mush, definitely canned. The chicken was extremely salty and the BBQ sauce was awful. I cannot believe how much money I wasted on this poor excuse for food. Don't eat here! Try the Jamaican jerk place a block away instead.Butter's is hot.  Fried chicken, ribs, chops, fried fish, greens, mac & cheese, etc.  The whole deal.  And it's good.  
Take-out only at this place, tho they have a little table that most people wait at while their food is prepared.  The standard way to order is to get an entree and the two included sides, but you can do a la carte too.  It's all delicious.
Mostly, though, Butter's is a block icon.  Between this place, the All Aboard Seafood next door, and a few of the upscale barbershops on the block, you've got some great culture on the 2800 block of Girard.First time I ordered here, food was great!! I mean really good. So due to working an hour away from home I don't normally have time to cook, so I went to go ordered the 2nd time around..... Gosh was I disappointed!! I mean I almost cry because not only was I really hungry but they dropped the ball. My fried chicken was not even season properly, I mean even salt and pepper would have done justice somehow it was blank!!! I had a hard time swallowing it, called the store and let them know of my dissatisfaction, the guy was very nice and all and said he will make it up... I guess they had a big order that day a lot of things slipped through the cracks. I gave it a 3 stars because it is a decent place, walkable distance and great patrons.this happened 7 months ago but i meant to add, i went back the day after this & got pretty much the same thing- everything sucked. i was eating leftovers. das rude.We ordered the rib and fish platter we had Mac and cheese, the yams, greens, and cabbage was great.Food was hot and fresh 
Simple things done right 
Will eat here again ...good service too 
Had the chicken mac and cheese and greens ..all was seasoned well and crispy chicken ..
I'm all smilesThis place is a local eatery. People from all over stop-in and place orders for their comfort food to go. I was suprise at how much I like the fried chicken breast platter. It comes with two side of your choice. The chicken is cooked just right and the sides are pretty good. It is comfort food, so expect to gain some weight. lol. I would recommend this place to everyone who is looking for some comfort food.I'm torn between meh and a-ok. I stopped by Butters Soul Food because I was craving fried chicken. I got a fried chicken breast (I really wanted thigh, but they were out) with mac & cheese and greens. The chicken smelled amazing, but wasn't really anything to write home about. It wasn't bad, it just didn't fulfill my particular craving for a particular type of fried chicken. Having worked around the corner from Hill Country Chicken in NYC all summer kind of spoiled me for fried chicken. 
The mac and cheese was comforting. Not gourmet in any way, but what you'd get at your grandma's house in the country. The greens were the same way. Tasty, comforting. 
I think that the thigh will be tastier. It all came with corn bread. The corn bread was stellar. I'd go back just for the corn bread. Although, on the plus side, they take LevelUp, so between random credits, I didn't actually have to pay for dinner, which is always a plus.Never had to return food before in my life. But I think it's a sin to charge people for food with no heart and passion in it. Ordered the turkey wing platter , and they said it would take 15 min. That's the amount of time that turkey wing spent in the microwave. Dried out, tasteless pile of crap costing 13 bucks. There's also a 5 gallon bucket of collard greens in the soda fridge too if you want pre-cook then microwaved soul food... No wonder philly is still looking for a good soul food restaurantI went to Butter's last night for my redemption of the Groupon.  After reading the reviews, I became a little hesitant because some of the reviews were bad, but then I noticed that the bad reviews were over two years old.  Time changes.  Street parking was pretty good, I arrived around 7 pm and was out by 7:30pm.  There were two young men who were managing the place and they were doing a good job.
I got three platters, turkey wings w/gravy, potato salad and greens; chicken wings (4), mac/cheese and yams; grilled chicken breast, cornbread stuffing and mac/cheese.  The yams  and potato salad were fantastic.  I had a craving for some potato salad for a few weeks and this was freshly made and still warm.  The yams were not too sweet and not too runny. The greens were fresh (not the can) but they were a little salty.  The other items were also good, freshly cooked and spiced just right.
I had to call the young man that served me and told him that I was so glad that I didn't let the previous reviews deter me and that they have surely made me a future customer.If you need some southern cookin, check this place out. Everything here is great. The chicken breast, macaroni, and greens platter is my favorite, but everything is top notch. The guy who works her is always really cool too. Expect to pay about 10$ per person. Call ahead because stuff is cooked fresh when it's ordered.The food was OK, the Mac and cheese was good. The black eye peas I wasn't a fan of at all. Sweet potatoes were way to sweet. But everything is was pretty good. Customer was good the guys were really nice.Meh. 
That basically sums it up. 
We ordered fried chicken with stuffing and mac and cheese, ribs with stuffing and rice, and fried shrimp with greens. 
We got chicken with stuffing and greens instead of mac and cheese, everything else was correct. Disappointed because I was really looking forward to mac and cheese. The chicken was crunchy, but really bland. The stuffing was also very bland. I took a couple bites of both and was done. Tried the rice with gravy and the gravy at least gave a little flavor. The shrimp was the most flavorful, so no real complaints there. I don't eat ribs but the hubby said they were good, not as sticky as he was hoping, but nothing to complain about. 
All in all, I'd probably rather get a chicken sandwich and cheese fries from Shake Shack over this meal, so I'm pretty disappointed, but it is what it is. Wishing it was better since it's a neighborhood place, I'd go there all the time if it had some flavor and the order was correct but I'll take my business elsewhere now. Kind of expensive but I'd say at least try it for yourself, maybe it was an off night or something.I came from out of town to Philadelphia for a few days. I want to check out the best and local soul food. Butter's Soul food was not even open. So I guess you can't go by there hours I would call first before actually going to see if there open. The food appeared to be good I really wanted to try it but I guess next time.this place the roast beef was very tough my guest could not even cut and the gravy was salty
you can tell the meat was rush and made sure that everything was taken care off before time , 
it seem as their was some mis understanding or something I will not be back thanks but no thanks.They catered our 45-guest wedding in a 5th floor walk-up(!) art gallery in old city Philadelphia.  There was plenty of food, and it was so tasty that we saw our guests coming back for seconds.
We were so glad that we chose Butter's for our big day! Kevin, the owner, really takes the time to sit down with you and work out the logistics and details. He arranged to rent big, round folding tables and sturdy white chairs and took responsibility/supervised their delivery in and out of the gallery.
I should also mention that the restaurant part of the business is solid too: it was our consistently good experiences there that convinced us to choose the catering side of the business. When getting take-out here, it's best to call first: it's not a McDonalds, real food like this takes some time to prepare to-order.Three words about Buttter's -- DON'T GO THERE.  Made the mistake of trying this place for take-out before going out on the town,  Overall, the food was barely edible:
*  The "Salisbury Steak" amounted to two small, violently oversalted hamburgers with thick rice gravy (not even brown gravy!)
*  The "Baked Turkey Wings" were just okay, but could have been a bit more tender
*  The thick layer of gravy on the "Rice & Gravy" was possibly thick enough to layer between bricks, but barely seasoned
* The hint of soy sauce in the "String Beans" probably explain why they were salty enough to choke a horse.
*  The "Candied Yams" were okay, but I've tasted better from several other restaurants, and my own kitchen
*  The cornbread was pretty good (after I put butter on it and HEATED it) but it was such a small piece that I was forced to wonder whether or not they could actually spare it
* The "Fried Chicken Wings" were actually pretty good -- light, crispy, and not too greasy.Went here about a week or so ago and it was just "meh". I REALLY enjoyed the mac & cheese, the yams were way too sweet for my taste, the cornbread stuffing was typical stove top dry, and the fried chicken breast was rather dry as well. I don't know. I WILL try them at least one more time just to be sure how I feel.Good soulfood I always order the fried chicken with Mac n cheese and green beans! Friendly staff too!all of the bad reviews deterred me from coming for the 5 months i've been living just around the corner. i'm glad i finally stopped in yesterday, i was pleasently surprised. the guys were nice and the food was actually pretty good. i got ribs and greens and i couldnt believe how much i liked the greens- i was anticipating having to season them myself at home but i only added hot sauce. the ribs were good, they weren't amazing, but good. my gf got fried whiting and mac & cheese. i tasted her mac & cheese and i was actually semi blown away.  it was really really yummy, and i usually only eat macncheese made at home.This is the best home cooking you will ever have the honor of ingesting. It's literally absurd. Everything that they have to offer is well worth it: fried chicken, collared greens, mashed potatoes, you name it! Best kept secret in Philly. Seriously, go there now.Went here Sunday for the 1st time. Place is very very small, only one table to eat @ if dining inn and that would be very uncomfortable because patrons are in and out and that is the only place to stand when your ordering food. I like my food fresh if ordering hot food the meat was cooked fresh but some of the food like rice and cabbage ribs were put in microwave that had a day old taste. We had to wait over 50 mins for the mac & Cheese to arrived but when it got there it was dam good!!! The Sweet Potato cheesecake and collards were all good.Giving it two stars simply because the collard greens were good though the portion was small. I ordered the boneless chicken breast- there was a bone in both- not sure how that happened. Also, though it looked appetizing, my chicken was still slightly pink inside and uneatable. My money was wasted.Good soul food is hard to find, & this wasn't perfect, but it was very good & I will order from there again. I had:
smothered pork chops (DELISH), 
cabbage (good flavor, but overcooked), collards (the only disappointment. No seasoning whatsoever. I added hot sauce, & it fixed it up, not overcooked, a plus ), 
Mac & cheese (again, I could have used a hit of salt, but should cut down anyway, right? Lol. Great cheesy creaminess though! Def ordering again),
Fried chicken wings (good, same salt sentiment)
Smothered turkey wings (yummy)
Stuffing (cornbread. My fave. Yumm-O)
I'm looking forward to repeating all the above, sans collards, & want to try the short-rib & salmon cakes, which they were out of tonight. & dessert next time too. I'm full & happy overall. :)Got takeout from here, and it was great for the most part.  Fried chicken was amazing, as was mac and cheese, green beans, and collards.  I prefer my ribs smoked, and these were baked in the oven with a sauce that was a little on the sweet side. Mashed potatoes were so so, but might be better with gravy.  Overall great food at a great price, and I'll definitely be back!We were visiting from California and Maurice served us that day. It was our first time having soul food. Needless to say it was great! Everything you would expect soul food to taste like. (Shrimp is from frozen, not fresh)
Maurice was very friendly and did a great job cooking and serving us. I would definitely return here if I'm ever in the are again!My new go-to for consistently delicious soul food.  
The fried chicken is crisp and juicy.... but what really gets me are the sides.  ALL the sides are SO SO good. The candied yams and mac n' cheese?  Perfection!  
If you're in the mood for a soul food feast and have time for the resulting food coma-- Butter's is without a doubt the place to go.I use to love this place when I lived around the corner, the fried chicken is so good and moist.Good comforting Mac and cheese, the ribs were ok, kind of dried out. Def would go again tho!Went at dinner time on a Friday.  Be advised to call and order ahead otherwise you will wait 30 minutes for them to make your food.  Had fried chicken, mac n cheese and greens.  Fried chicken was ok, I've had much better, mac n cheese didn't have much flavor.  The greens were extremely salty, but had good flavor.  I like salt, but they were salty for me.  Got a side of chicken wings, very small and overcooked.  I probably will not go back here again.  The cornbread was very, very, very dry.   You definitely needed a drink after eating it.What kind of place advertises their close at 8 but are closed at 3p in the afternoon? Customer bewareThe best thing about my dinner at Butters was the pineapple soda I purchased from across the street.  We had wing dinners and the catfish.  The wings were lightly seasoned and no crunch at all.  We did do a to go order so I'll be a little forgiving on the latter.  The fish wasn't fresh at all.  They were supposed to be catfish nuggets but they were chewy and flavorless.  All of it went in the trash.  Oh...it gets worse.  The potato salad was SOUR!   The smell was off but I thought I'd taste it and I had to immediately spit it out.  The collards were ok., cabbage yuck, and Mac and cheese, meh.  I am a lover of all things food so we ordered dessert, not knowing a cake was coming out of the fridge, but yep...it did.  Lemon cake out of the fridge.  Now when a cake is still dry coming out of the frigde, that means it's probably been in there for forever or was just bad to begin with.  This goes to show there is nothing like home cooking...meaning your own home!  Save your money.  Sorry Butters!Where do I begin. Well I came in at 12:45 and was told we open at 12! I'm like its 12:45 so then the young man says it will be a while (well I previously purchased restaurant.com gift certificates for this place) so I decided to wait. Well I asked for shrimp, um no shrimp. OK well tilapia it was. So I gave him my certificate and then was told to pay 20. So I decided to pay after my wait. When I came back I was told  you owe 34.75.....wtf happened well my order was added up wrong! Whatever! This is the worst part now there was a torn piece of plastic mixed in with my ribs...this place needs to GET IT TOGETHER.TERRIBLE! They disrespected me by selling me these baby wings. I never in my life seen a chicken wing so small and it was tasteless. I also had Mac & Cheese, Yams and corn bread. The Mac & Cheese didn't have any taste at all and it seems as if they used boxed Mac and cheese sauce. That's shit was disgusting. The corny bread was dry as hell, insulting. The yams were surprisingly good but fuck that shit, one side of yams can't make up for a whole meal. I couldn't believe I had to wait 45 minutes for this instant food to be handed to me. It literally doesn't make since once you taste the food. I'm 100% sure the only thing that's fresh is the chicken (which only take about 8 minutes to fry). PLEASE SPEND YOUR MONEY SOMEWHERE ELSE! You will not be happy and it will leave you unsatisfied. You'll end up spending more money by eating elsewhere after you taste this poor excuse for soul food or just be plain ole unsatisfied.It was getting late and my husband and I didn't want to start cooking dinner, so we decided to put in an order for fried chicken while I put the baby to bed. Twenty minutes later we were eating a delicious meal - their chicken far outshines the tough bird we had recently at Federal Donuts. Next time we'll order sides!First time trying this place. Best part of I love about this place is the portion size & all day special. My food was ready for pickup within 15 mins and it was fresh. Definitely recommend to anyone who likes good food!So I had a taste for some good Ol Soul Food today. I searched online and realized that reputable soul food restaurants are not easy to find in the city!! Finally I came across Butters Soul Food, located on Girard Ave. 
   I called ahead and ordered 3 platters: Fried Wings w/ Mac n cabbage, Bbq Wings w/ Mac n yams and Fried Whiting w/ Mac n greens. 
  I walked in and realized that there was a lot of history in the building itself. The restaurant was small and quaint, you can tell it used to be a fabulous home back in the day. There's a long wooden bench against the wall, with wooden tables and (cheap) colorful center pieces. There's a small open kitchen as well. The entrance appeared clean, however there was a bunch of junk  going towards the back of the restaurant. A beautiful curtain would hide all of that clutter!!
  I approach the counter, and no one acknowledges me. UGH A PET PEEVE OF MINE!!! Please make guests feel welcome and wanted. Don't have me standing there like a fool. I'm not expecting backflips and a song, but a simple "hello, I'll be right with you" will do! Finally someone says hello, and asks if I pre-ordered. I have to wAit a moment to process the payment, there was a short in the CC machine, not to mention it was dusty as I don't know what!! 
     Now on to the food: Less than impressive. The wings are WAYYYYY too small. I mean the food cost must be phenomenal because they must buy a 4 for 1 special on wings. They were so freaking tiny I almost made a u-turn n took them back! The fish- BLAND - I mean I had to season them myself!!! The greens- BLAND- I asked my 10yr old how her wings were and she said "blehhhh". Smh- the Mac was good- not fantastic but surely the highlight of the meal. Did not care for the cabbage, and the yes were ok. I mean what's the point of soul food if you can't season correctly or at all?? 
I was so disappointed. A real waste of money. 
Would I go back? Nope.
Would I  recommend? Nope.Do not waste your time and go there - I will never order from this place. please understand customer service! I will make this long story short - we ordered 7 platters... most of them were fried fish .. was on the phone for a good 20- 30 mins Bc they wanted to make sure they had the orders correct and had the food-- thn says it will be an hour even before they start cooking. We still wanted to support. However we get there about 2 1/2 hours later and they say.. oh we couldn't find your number we don't have fish. The first thing you should do is take the number down and know who your speaking with I feel like that's customer service 101. And laughed while saying they don't have the platters it's like they just didn't care how far we traveled  ... nothing. However, we did go down the street at another soul food restaurant- Deborahs Kitchen and the service was WAY BETTER! Please train your staff.The soul food wasn't as I expected! I visited for the first time with my boyfriend and the experience will not bring me back. Mac & cheese was too gushy to enjoy and friend chicken was "made to order" but unseasoned!!I just left Butters Soul Food.  I am extremely frustrated and confused.  I looked on groupon a few weeks ago and noticed it there.  I told my husband we must go there to eat!  They close at 8pm on Sundays.  Well my husband and I made it there by 7:25pm thinking we had more than enough time to order.  Well the cook said he wasn't taking anymore customers!  I said well it's only 7:30pm and you don't close until 8:00pm?  He then said he takes his last order at 7:30.  I then said well it's 7:28pm and we came all the way across town just to try the food!  He said he wasn't taking any more orders!  WOW!  I WON'T BE BACK IF IF THAT'S HARD TO ORDER AND BE SERVICED!This was my first time eating here and it will be my last. A friend recommended this restaurant as having good ribs. They weren't tender and very chewy. What makes it worse is I couldn't even eat the sides because the were loaded with salt. Waste of time and money.I called spoke with cook who was rude. Dear owner, please update your menus. I will never order from this establishment again.The star rating says it all: Meh. I've experienced better. Too salty greens, bland mac n cheese and meats that did little to inspire a comeback.After reading the mixed reviews i had to try this place for myself. I order the fried wing meal, for my two sides I chose Mac N cheese and the yams. The Mac and cheese was average, the fried chicken had the perfect crispy crunch I was looking for, and the yams were delicious. The yams were actually my favorite part of the meal, made the Mac N cheese a little tastier;). Overall I thought the food was very good, I'll be going back when I get my crunchy fried chicken craving again!  Also on a side note my container was very full so the young gentleman who was cooking was nice enough to wrap my container in clear wrap. I thought that was a very nice gesture, customer service goes a long way, that's why he got a two dollar tip :DIf you're looking for food that taste like to it came out of your kitchen then you have found your spot. The portions were higher  and food cooked to order nothing microwaved everything was fresh.Now...I know Soul Food...the food was just ok...now I must say...the portions are hefty for one person. You could eat one platter for two days. I got the fried wing platter with two sides of mac n cheese. The price was decent, about $10. Now...Ive been here before and I sampled the macaroni and cheese and it was ....bland...when I came back this time...it was still bland but...the texture of it was nice. It had a burnt cheese topping which was the best part about it, but it needs seasoning....At least season it, if you're gonna skimp on the cheese. I could see it being served on your average plate but its nothing to rave about....AT ALL. The chicken was cooked well but not seasoned whatsoever! If you add a lil seasoning to these things, the food is not bad...the wait wasnt that bad because I went at night and there was no one there...about 15 minutes. The customer service was ok....not sure if ill be back...a strong maybe!As a Southerner living in Philly, I've been on the search for good authentic soul food. 
Butter's was no exception from the rest and thoroughly disappointed. 
I live a few blocks away so I decided to stop in. On top of being hit on by one if the workers (or his brother who chills up there), it just was not good! And cashier had my order wrong when I got home. 
It's pricey. The portions are a good size but it's just not flavorful. 
I hate the fact that the cabbage had vinegar on them(yuck)!  
All in all... I wouldn't go back.I purchased a Groupon for this establishment an I decided to go right before it expired and I ordered two platters with whiting and two sides, was told 20 mins.. So I waited in the dining area along with some other folks. I felt like the dining area needed to be cleaned, not that it was visibly dirty but just needed some freshening up. My platters were done an I thgt the trays were small for 12.00 platters but ok. I got home an was glad to see how the fish an greens were separated an my potato salad covered with foil. I like that ! The food itself looked better then it tasted. Fish was nicely fried with a crunch but it had no flavor or seasoning. The greens taste like they were cooked in old collard green juices, an could have been cut up more. Don't like eating leaves an stalks. The potato salad was bizzy but better then I expected. So over all my review is mixed. But I will say they guy who took my order was pleasant and washed his hands along with putting on gloves while preparing food and I like that.My food was bland and I felt the salmon cakes had a lot of filler. The cabbage and Mac and cheese were bland too. Green beans tasted like they came straight from a can. The fried chicken breast was good, seemed like it was marinated in hot sauce. The amount of food was cool for the price and the service was good.We stopped by this weekend.  We called to place an order but nobody answered so we decided to walk in.  It would have been nice if we could have called it in, but once we got there we noticed only one person was working the counter and cooking so that's why they probably didn't have time to take phone calls.
Love the decor!  Seating in the front and it looks like there is a patio in the back.  Location is nice.  We paid meter parking and it wasn't hard to find a parking spot.  It was ready in a reasonable time (30 minutes).  
The food was ok.  Mac and cheese was good.  The beef ribs weren't as flavorful as expected.  The stuffing was to crumbly.  It was in little pieces so it was hard to eat with the fork.  The fried chicken was delicious.  And the salmon cakes were pretty good.  Most of the food had a little too much salt for our liking.
I think I would try it again.  It wasn't out of this world type of good, and they didn't have everything on the menu (pork ribs, greens, etc).  But I would come back to try a few other things on the menu.I've been getting my soul food fix here for years. Classic dishes. Always delish. I usually get the fried chicken. And it is always fresh and crispy. Mac and cheese is a solid choice along with greens. There really isn't a way to go wrong here. Treat yourself and get a dessert too.So had I wrote this review after my first time there it probably would have been a 5*s. The food was really tasty and customer service was great. But I've tried to go back about 4 times since all with no luck. Either they don't answer the phone to take my order, twice they answered 2.5 hours before closing only to tell me everything they DIDNT have, and once the phone customer service was so bad I just said never mind - how hard is it to give good customer service while on the phone taking a good order.
If you go and they have food you should be ok but it's all a gamble.Salisbury Steak corn bread stuffing spaghetti salad wit vingerette dtessing greens& lemon cake sliceI ordered the fried catfish with macaroni and cheese and candied yams. I also ordered a side of fried chicken wings. The yams and macaroni and cheese tasted like home! The chicken wings and catfish was fried to almost perfection and nicely seasoned. I enjoyed my meal and will definitely come back to patronize this business!Absolutely AMAZING!  I honestly didn't like fried chicken... but then I had Butters' fried chicken. ;)  Their greens and sweet potatoes make the meal complete and the food coma you will inevitably get after stupendously satisfying.  
SERIOUSLY.. YOU GOTTA GO HERE!!!!
call ahead, add about 10 minutes to the estimated time they tell you, and prepare for an amazing experienceTried this place on a whim. OMG is it good. Got two platters:
1. Bbq boneless chicken with mac and cornbread stuffing
2. Fried chicken (dark meat) with greens and broccoli
Chicken cooked perfectly and super juicy. Sides were also great. There are a few tables to sit and eat there. Food is made to order so make sure you have a half hour to wait for it to be cooked
Update: the leg on my plate was not fully cooked, the other one was. My boyfriend rec'd chicken ribs/wings instead of bbq boneless chicken breastBeen coming from Jersey to Butters ever since they were in the old location a block down.  Banging food all the way around.  Brother that owns it is a real good dude and you want to support good people with quality product and this is that spot!!!Service - unprofessional 
I called ahead and my order was not ready when I arrived even though I called to let them know I was on my way and was told it was ready. It was closing time so I was the only customer, but there was another man there talking to the worker about his mom running up his cell phone bill, which I thought was just frankly unprofessional for the worker to be distractedly engaged in this conversation slowing down my service when my order was not right. I don't think professionalism should go out of the door just because the business is family run or in a urban neighborhood, but I guess that's what I should expect. The man was very friendly though. 
The food - average
I ordered barbecue beef ribs, Mac and cheese, greens, and candied yams. The Mac and cheese was good, but not the best I've ever had, but this is coming from a Mac and cheese connoisseur who worked in soul food for years. The greens were tasty, slightly too salty though. The yams were good. I was very disappointed in the ribs. The sauce was runny and the ribs were not like anything I've ever seen. Definitely not cow ribs. Very chewy and bony. 
Price- overpriced
I ordered on a Sunday and for $15 I could get baked mac, yams, potato salad, greens, turkey wings, fried chicken, beef ribs or fish, corn bread and a dessert for this price from Corrine's. The food is alright compared to other places, but it's definitely no Corrine's Place that's for sure. Hop on over to corrine's place in Camden for a Sunday buffet; it'll be worth the drive and the toll. Trust me.This stuff is the real deal. I haven't ventured too far into the menu, but all you really need is the fried chicken and mac and cheese. I tried the barbecue chicken but was a bit much in the sauce department for me. 
fancy oven baked mac and cheese seems to be a popular thing in the dining world right now, and while it's not the best i've ever had, it's better than most. thick and cheesy, with delicious bread crumbs.
the mashed potatoes and gravy are also fantastic. 
It's the definition of comfort food here. Definitely give it a try. There's plenty of soul food spots in the city, I'm going to venture to say this is one of the best.We were really in the mood for some soul food and came across Butter's! We were excited to try it out. We both got fried chicken and baked mac. He got green beans and I got the cabbage. The chicken was pretty dry with not much flavor. The mac and cheese was okay although the portions were very small. He liked the green beans and the cabbage was ok for me. Everything looked great and the store is cute but the flavor was extremely lacking. Staff was polite as well. Probably won't return though.I'm pregnant and have been craving soul food and of course I've been too lazy to cook it myself. I originally wanted food from Ms. Tootsies on south street, but because they were not yet open, I opted for this place instead. Big mistake, I should have just waited. I ordered three platters: two wing platters and a turkey chop platter. My turkey chops were bland and my nephew and father had the same complaint about their wings. We all had a side of Mac and cheese with greens and they were equally horrible. The macaroni and cheese had no taste and the greens were salty and mussy as if they were precooked and had been sitting for a while. I used to come here all the time years ago when they first opened, but the food simply isn't the same. I definitely will not be wasting my money eating here again. The only reason why I gave them two stars is because the gentleman who took my order was extreme pleasant and professional. Had it none been for him, they would not have gotten any stars.The inside was very cute and cozy. The food and service was great! I really like the Mac and cheese. We got the smothered turkey wings and BBQ chicken.I have been getting Butters for a number of years and have always been satisfied  until my recent visit. I went and order a BBQ Rib platter with Mac and cheese, collard greens and Candied yams. First I only received 3 ribs for $17 platter then my Mac and cheese was dry and old. I got a degree in Culinary Arts and food shouldn't taste like that at this price. My collard greens had the stems cooked in them. Finally, my yams where canned yams not fresh yams. I been to places much better got more bang for my buck and was satisfied every time. They just lost a customer after this service.I loved this places atmosphere. It's the tiniest place but it was a quiet night so we were the only ones there. The food is made fresh. I had fried catfish. Mac and cheese and candies yams. I liked the sides a lot. I wasn't totally hooked on the fried catfish. 
I would definitely go back there though. I'm curious about the other food on their menu. I love soul food spots.We visited October 2, 2021.  The staff was helpful and good, no issues here.  We had to wait 30 minutes for our order as it was prepared, really no issue for me.  There was no line in the store at the time.  We ordered yams, mac & Cheese, potato salad, fried wings and greens.   My daughter loves soul food and my wife is picky.  Both were satisfied with the items we ate from this place.  We have tried many soul food restaurants, and Butters met the grade with all of us.   The food is good.  The sweet potato pie and the pound cake - delicious!!  The portions were ample for all items.  This was our first time here and we will return.  There is no cornbread on the menu.  That's my only complaint.  Try for yourself.It hurts my heart to write this review because I would always like to uplift my people. So I write this in hopes of them doing better in the future. It is Wednesday, January 20th, and I got ribs Mac& cheese with rice and gravy and my boyfriend got bbq wings with cornbread stuffing, yams,&string-beans.
Ribs: not edible ! I could not get the meat off the bone &I could not chew it .
Mac& cheese : very underwhelming  & lack of flavor
Rice &gravy : had literally nooo flavor not even salt
Bbq wings.: sauce chicken with feathers still coming out 
Cornbread Stuffing: was okay 
String bean : seems like they came from can
Yams: nothing to write home about . Nothing special 
But the Snapple apple always consistentAuthentic soul food was the best remedy on a cold fall night! Just discovered this place and found out it is a staple to the Brewerytown neighborhood.  The owner/cook was SO friendly and welcoming when we picked up our food - which I want to acknowledge for high spirits during Covid times. Definitely want to shout out and support any small business in the Philly area!
We ordered two chicken dinner meals - fried chicken and bbq chicken. Each meal comes with two sides - the boo ordered Mac & cheese and broccoli. I got Mac & cheese and corn with okra. Do not skip the Mac and cheese! It was very cheesy and delicious. The chicken was also great - your usual fried chicken, the bbq variation is essentially fried chicken with bbq sauce on top. The food honestly reminded me of a home cooked meal - sooo good! Only thing I didn't realize is that this place is CASH ONLY! So make sure you have dollar bills .
Will definitely be back whenever I'm craving some home cooking!Butter's Soul Food, I really enjoy support Black establishments in my community. I ordered the fried whiting, Mac & cheese, and candied yams. I will just note that the platter size / portion size is fit for a child. I believe that this establishment can get larger containers for the food. Also, order your food 30 mins prior so that hopefully your food will be ready once you arriveSome of my coworkers and I found this place on a whim. It turned out to be the BEST whim ever. I'm from the south and this Soul Food definitely gets my approval. If you EVER get the chance to stop here you won't regret. I would give 100 stars if I could.One star for such a quaint and cute little place.  Easy to pass by if you don't know where you're going because there's no lighted sign.  Second star is for my husband's lonely piece of chicken. 
First, we walked up and saw a guy standing directly in front of the restaurant smoking a cigarette. He says "I'll be right with you ",finishes smoking and proceeds to tale our order and cook our food.....What I will say, is that he washed his hands thoroughly but I just didn't want to see the cook smoking his Newport before handling my food.  ::shrugs ::::
We had a Groupon for $20 worth of food that I snagged on sale for $3.. Thank the Lord I didn't pay anything more than that . 
I ordered a platter of BBQ chicken, mac n cheese ans candied yams.  90% of my platter went directly into the garbage. He ordered a platter of Fried chicken, cornbread stuffing and candied yams.  Dude takes our order and says 20 minutes.  Which turned into more like a half hour.  I don't complain much about timing at these places because if its taking that long, I'm assuming most of my food is prepared while I'm waiting and not something from last week.  
We totally forgot about the Philly soda tax and bought two 20 oz Snapples. So we paid with the Groupon and an extra $7.84 for two drinks.  PHILLY, y'all gotta stop with this insane tax.  
Food smells good but looks awful.  First glance,  I knew my Mac n cheese was Kraft or something else.  I took a bite and it was ALL NOODLES, hardly any damn cheese!! Come on mannn.  I keep telling these restaurants not to screw with pregnant women's food but they don't hear my cry! 
 Candied yams were made from scratch and sweet like they should be.. 
#LettucePray about my so called BBQ chicken. :::puts phone down until I can write in coherent sentences :::.....
Okay, I'm back.  BBQ chicken should be baked until nearly done, then mopped with BBQ sauce and back in the oven for a few more minutes.  Then presto!!! Not here at Butters. Have you ever fried chicken, refrigerated it and tried to reheat it? No? Well its disgusting. The skin is never crispy again and it just ain't what ya want. Butters gave me two day old fried chicken, microwaved it and doused it in a syrupy BBQ sauce.  I had a leg and a thigh. Both were trashed. Horrible and I need Butters to stop.  Like now.  
My husbands "cornbread stuffing " was just moistened bread cubes with no seasoning. Dried to a stiff mass of cafeteria mystery substance.  He had to ask for gravy.  Dude says let me heat it up.  He heats up some gravy in the microwave. I can't.. Be. Bothered. 
Waste of time, what we spent on the groupon and drinks. 
Dear Soul Food establishments :::
Please stop calling yourselves a soul food restaurant if you're not even taking the time to prepare the food! If I wanted fake BBQ chicken, Mac n Cheese with no cheese and dry stuffing, I'd go dig in the trash for scraps!! 
Sincerely, wait not so sincerely.. A customer you'll never see again.. 
Stay away from this place.I had bbq wings, yams, and "cornbread stuffing"...The wings were ok...The yams were flavored well, just slightly undercooked...The "cornbread stuffing" tasted and looked like STOVE TOP...Though I love Stove Top, I don't want to pay about $4 for it when I can get an entire box for a little over $1 at the market!!! Oh yeah, I also had the lemon cake which was dry and tasted worse than Betty Crocker's box mix...I'd have to really think about going back here...