Before I tell you how completely AWFUL this place is... let me at least say one nice thing about it... the hookah is OK. ALRIGHT, now that that is over with--- WOW. The staff here are insanely rude and pretentious, and I am not exactly sure why. I went on a saturday night with three of my girlfriends. We were all being extremely polite, but we were met at the door by the bouncer who was a complete joke- such a douche. Then our waitress was completely rude and seemed bothered that she had to lift a finger. Before she even sat us down she said, "You cant be here unless you are going to drink." UH YEAH.... Its 11pm on saturday and we are at a bar... we are going to drink, thanks! (paid about $12 for a single vodka and pineapple). We ordered a hookah (which like I said was OK, it lasted about 40 minutes between the 4 of us). After the waitress brought our first round of drinks and the hookah, she didnt come back to check on us for atleast half an hour... ha! And we were right by the cash register/entrance! She was terrible. If my friends werent so nice, the girl would have gotten a big fat ZERO dollar tip. She deserved it.... how do you expect to make any money when you act like a total brat? Blows my mind. It is really a shame, I love hookah bars, but me and my friends will 100% NEVER be going back to this hell hole.Never eaten here but for hanging out and smoking hookah this place is great! Attentive servers and good music but gets really packed and loud. Really enjoy this place!This was my first time here, visiting from California. Very welcoming environment, the young lady Linda was very helpful and inviting, she had wonderful recommendations as far as food and hookah. Would definitely come back!Very cool hookah spot. The decor is exotic with a club feel. The bar seats over ten people and the table area seats over 25 seats. There is a DJ in the evenings and the music is always energetic. The hookahs always taste smooth and the chambers always taste clean. The menu is mainly Lebanese with some Greek and Italian options. The hummus, baba ganoush, tabouli and fatoush are really delicious. Some of the best Mediterranean eats in center city. The servers are very attentive and bring you plenty of hot pita bread for your food. This place is great for dinner, hookah, drinks, and lounging.  I highly recommend.When I think of Hookah, I think of this place. I've been coming here for awhile throughout the years; but every since numerous hookah spots have started to emerge, I've decided to go elsewhere. The price of their hookah is high compared to others, and it's always CROWDED! The only thing they've got going is the location! This spot def appeals to college kids & ppl who aren't familiar with the city.If you're tired of the same ol' bar/club scene & want to feel like you made a mini-vacay somewhere where there's a touch of mystery & sensuality in the air (... literally), I'd recommend Byblos!  ;  )    My boyfriend & I went mid-week & after coming to Byblos on a Saturday night (yesterday) I would recommend a midweek visit.  As my fellow Yelpers mentioned it gets craaaaaaaaazy crowded in this quaint, funky spot located on 18th St.  On Saturday I brought one of my best gals from college to check it out as she never smoked a hookah before & she wanted to give it a go, especially after I raved about how much fun I had the first time I went.
Well, despite the insane crowd, we indulged in the yummy (yes yummy) smoke of the Peach flavored Hookah & we both gave it a thumbs up!  It's a fun way to bond with folks, switching out your plastic tip, but then passing & sharing the hose/pipe piece... you get a rhythm going & find yourself passing the hose every eight (well... okay, every sixteen) count of the eclectic, thumping beats!  ;  )
Midweek with Mr. Boyfriend was extra dope because due to the smaller crowd we had our own stools & had room to try their shrimp tempura sushi which was muy delicioso!  (And I'm a tough sushi critic these days after being trained (& fed) by one Madame Saito who was my trainer that led me to earn 1st place in the annual sushi competition during The Subaru Japanese Cherry Blossom Festival... wheeeew, did you get all of that?!?!)  ;  )  I think we had the Mango hookah that night, but I loved the Peach & this guy that came & talked to my friend & I let us try his Melon hookah & that seemed very tasty & smooth as well.  (Gotta love those plastic tips so you can make friends & try other flavors, hint hint!...   It pays to be nice & not stuck up!  Take notes people!) 
My boyfriend & I were sitting next to a super sweet gentleman who instantly became a pal & just so happened to be a brain surgeon (Hey Dr. B. if you're reading this)!  Raaaandom, I know, but it made the night all the more interesting.  I also met these two couples at the end of the bar who were really friendly as well.  One of the gals was from Detroit & just moved to the city & was getting accustomed to the city & we ended up exchanging numbers to hang out there again!  (Yeeeah, too bad my new phone had a hiccup & I lost all my numbers the next day, womp.)  ; (  Tammy, if you're reading this I didn't forget you, I just couldn't reach you mama!  ; )
It's safe to say... if you are a person that with the right music, the right people, & an overall chill vibe you can have a great time, you're good as gold at Byblos!  
The only drawbacks I would say might affect you on any night would be the fact that it can get really crowded so if you're the hermit crab type & like your 3 ft. of personal space to "Diva Out", then DEFINITELY go midweek.  It's also a tip to use the facilities before you leave home.  You don't have to worry about waiting in line for the one restroom per gender & you don't have to worry about leaving your drink unattended or losing your spot at the bar/table/on the floor!  ;  )  
This is a place where if you have an open mind to something you weren't exposed to in your day-to-day life growing up you can feel comfortable to bathe in it here.  I was with my boyfriend the 1st time here & at one point I was standing behind him while he took his turn sitting on "our" stool.  So it was a surprise to have a gentleman, who I hadn't even spoken to (yet) that night, swoop me up into his circle of friends to show me a wonderful dance.  
He reached out & grabbed my hand & everyone stood side by side then he showed me some of the steps with such great enthusiasm, it was awesome!  (Apparently that track was his jam!  Haha!  Everyone got amped & started clapping & cheering when it came on!)  My wonderful boyfriend just turned around & watched the magic happen.  (Any other guy probably would've had a fit!)  ;  )   He knows I love all types of dance & learning about new cultures so we were both laughing it up, hey, I got a free dance class... score!  Hahahaha! 
And as for the fellas, I must say, there was the most gorgeous, exotic (for lack of a less cliche word right now) trim, sassy young woman there who swooped up all of the spunky ladies when HER songs came on.  She was hypnotizing to watch as she shimmied & snaked in circles & brought out our inner frisky side.  Meeee-ow!  I can't place her exact ethnicity (sorry!), but it was great to bond with other women in the spirit of fun!  Everyone is so busy trying to be the aloof Paris Hilton clones these days, but here even my blondies were getting down & chatting with everyone!  ;  )  We really lucked out by meeting some cool people both visits & I'm sure to return again & again!  I haven't been on a night where there are belly dancers, but I'm excited to read here from a fellow Yelper that they're expanding!  
P.S. I went & bought a hookah for my house today too! ; )Good music, ambiance and great food!! 
Also a great hookah place. I'll go back soon to try other favors.
Looking forward to going back again!!Hands down the best Paella I've ever had !!! 
When I first saw the serving I thought there was no way I can finish it, but I sure did! 
It's not your typical Paella which I do not mind because I hate Mussels & Snails (which I tend to pick out)!
I also tried their mint hookah which was pretty good!
The drinks are cheap compared to NY prices,  You can't beat $9 for JW black label. 
I hope to come here again soon!
***PS*****  last call for alcohol is 1:30....  womp womp, the party starts in NY at 1:30Food was good. I ordered the Shawarma sandwich and it was pretty good. Chicken Caesar salad was great too. Hookah was good, not a lot of smoke but we tried the white grape. The service could've been a little better but over all good.Low-brow dive, shady characters behind and at the bar, rumors of mob ties, fights, pros...utes, coat check I wouldn't use unless I was tired of the coat....just a seedy sad den of Satan situated in City CenterThis place is hands down a  good time! Where else can you go for hookah, belly dancers and middle eastern techno? Please tell me because I have no idea, but they have it here! We also enjoyed top of line Don P champagne, delicious cakes and prime mixed drinks.Despite the website saying you can reserve at 11pm and 12am...you can only reserve before 10pm.  Good thing I called because no one from their "events team" even contacted me to let me know of their mistake on their end. Currently looking at other hookah places that accommodate and have accurate information.Passable hookah bar and lounge in Center City Philadelphia.
Being a student, you're often constrained for planning your nights out on the town by how well your bank accounts are going.  Luckily, we were able to plan a fun night out with the guys without breaking the bank.  After going to the famed Ranstead Room, we decided to go to Village Whiskey for their famed burgers.  Alas, being confronted by a 2.5 hour wait and an AMEX Concierge that was not really helping, we had to move on.  As we walked towards another one of our favorite joints (Good Dog on 15th Street), we happened to walk past Babylos and decided to try it out.
The food was passable, at best.  The kabobs were okay; apparently the chicken was a lot better than the lamb, but the Spanakorizo (veggies w/ rice and feta cheese) was quite good.  
Apparently the jasmine hookah shared by some members of our group was quite good as well.  It did last the entire time that we were there, and they came and added fresh coal as needed.
That being said, everything is way too overpriced for the quality, and it was rather disappointing.  Many other places in the city give you a lot more for a lot less.Went here for lunch on a Friday and it was pretty decent.  Just two of us, but there was only one waitress so the service took a lonnng time.  Gyros were ok, needed more testiki (sp?) sauce!!  We loved the music and atmosphere though.  Sat in the window by the big stained glass, on comfy benches, and there was a fruity smell of hookah rolling throughout the place.Really small place. Food is a bit pricey but good. Had come for hookah but didnt like it that much. Flavors were too mild. The place really gets crowded near the bar. Feel sad for the Dj who is stationed right in front of the rest rooms. DJ was nice, played different songs - international too..For hookah or Mediterranean food,  this place wasn't even close to good for the price.The place is not well furnished, the interior was old and out of shape. The hookah was way too strong, not to mention the waiter was sooooo mean and took soooo long to respond to everything. 
To prepare the hookah, the waiter was supposed to look at the charcoal and take it right away while getting red. Maybe bc of too many customers, the waiter didn't take care of our hookah at all. Our hookah was totally burned, so I breathed lots of smoke and cough a lot. 
For the price I paid for the drinks and everything, I really expected a bet wet service than that! Gave them zero tip and never coming back again.
In old cities..you can find much better hookah bars with better decorations, services, and especially hookah...If you don't try to get to know the staff and their awesome personalities, you're missing out on a lot. 
Every body here is friendly and attentive to your needs and wishes. I'm not a fan of some nights with the loud club music atmosphere, but I love the Eurocentric theme they have going on. The Hookahs are massive and clean while the drinks are strong. Definitely in the higher price range, but fun overallWell not a surprise rude waitress is on the menu. I used to frequent this place often and for many years. Even came for my birthday dinner one year. But recently I must say the service sucks and it's going down. Older now, I look at those things and especially when you are spending your money(pricey adding hookah, food, and drinks) here you expect that. I even left a message for her on the receipt on why her tip sucked and she just showed a fellow coworker and laughed, not apology or anything.I'm from Las Vegas and was visiting Philadelphia bc of an exam I had to take. After that tiring experience I was looking for a good hookah place/bar to smoke and have a few drinks. It was a Thursday evening and it was moderately crowded - meaning there were some places to sit still. First thing I noticed after we sat down was the music - primarily because I DJ. It was hip hop night, which is cool, but the DJ was meh...I mean he could mix some songs together, but some transitions were horrid, off beat, and crappy. I'm not going to talk shit on him bc I understand that maybe it was an off night for said DJ, but it definitely spoiled the mood a bit for me.
The waitress that seated us was nice at the beginning, but became kinda bitchy after she came back to take our order and we weren't ready yet. In fact, she handed us off to a completely different waitress to take our order haha....so D- for attitude and friendliness. Sorry, but I'm not sorry.
We ordered blue mist (starbuzz) as the flavor. Ok, now here is where I'm annoyed. Blue Mist in LAS VEGAS is $13-18 with COCONARA coals; not that quick lite charcoal crap. Paying nearly $30 for starbuzz hookah that has the quick light coals is honestly ridiculous. Hey well maybe its downtown philly and maybe thats normal, but I was in shock. Whatever, I wanted to smoke so at that point I didn't really make a big deal out of it. The experience in itself was alright - flavor was great and we had some good smoke, but then again the quick lights just weren't cutting it for me. 
The drinks were good...they were pretty generous with the alcohol and I'm grateful for that haha. 
Would I come here again if I visit philly? Yeah probably if its my last resort, but management should consider switching coals to coconara at least; that way they stay lit for a long time, less coal changes, better smoke, and better experience for the customers.
Oh and btw, there were two bouncers...one was really tall and was standing inside, and the other was outside. The guy inside was cool and was helpful when we asked where the good clubs for later that night were at....The guy outside was a complete asshole and should get laid ASAP.Good service, a good selection of food. If you go here the best way to travel is by Uber. Forget about parking in center city!I just went here tonight on a Weds night, it wasn't too crowded but still enough people there for it to be lively.  20-25$ per hookah... is kinda expensive... maybe like 10-15$ would be more reasonable.  We had a 50% student discount for drinks which was awesome! The byblotini was pretty good. The music was good for like the first 30 minutes.. but got repetitive really fast, and it did not help that we were right next to the speakers.
Other than that... i would def still come back to this place to hookah.Ok so I have read soo many reviews about this place. I was in town on business and figured I would give it a try, I tend to crave arabic food while on my travels. First... Do not come here if your craving traditional arabic food with an arabic atmosphere. The dj plays about 2-4 heavy rap (camron, dr dre, biggie) which I don't mind if I wasn't in an arabic spot. The DJ would put these songs back to back and then throw one arabic song in. The restaurants specialty drinks were horrible. I couldn't even drink my drink because it was pure rubbing alcohol. Blahhhh! I happened to order another drink after, which was supposed to be a greygoose cherry and club, it was more like stoli razz and club. 2nd drink fail...I'm done! I would have tried the shisha, because I'm a connoisseur. I never pass up on shisha, but due to my bad drinks and horrible Shish tawook, I decided to take my shisha smoking elsewhere. I could say that the place might be fun for groups that are drinking a bottled beverage and not one that the bartender made. I shall never return... Thanks for a bad time and waste
of money.Horrible service and the hookah tastes like shit. Don't waste your time. The door man frisked me and it was an embarrassment, I've been to all the major clubs in Miami and nyc and no one has treated me like thisThe hookah is pretty good for about 10 minutes, but it finishes pretty quickly and its so noisy. I'm not sure if they are trying to make it into a night club but it was to loud for no reason.I must be missing something because people seem to like this place.  Why?  I don't know.  There was nothing special about the joint.  Loud music which I don't mind but on a crappy sound system I do.  The place has no room.  You have to get there early to get a table unless you want to be standing staring at people smoking hookahs at their tables.  It's awkward too because you'll be sitting at a table and there are people standing right over you since it's so cramped.  The hookahs have this cheap ass mouthpiece that you have to fumble with to get on and off.  Not the type of vibe I'm used to.  To each his/her own.Fraud!!! Made us pay $20 cover charge to get in, then they tell us inside "sorry no tables available". The manager/owner who is Lebanese comes to talk to me trying to hustle me, i told you can't hustle someone who lives in NYC. Basically this place is Bunch of crooks, they make you pay cover to get in just to tell you no room. Forget the $20 cover because it seems this place needs that money, i smoke shisha all my life and when i looked at the hookahs they only had INSTANT charcoal which is trash when you smoke hookah. On top of all of that the manager/owner (lebanese guy) comes outside when we're leaving just to curse at us and we had women with us too, very classy establishment SMH. I will have my attorney look into this establishment and also contact the Better Business Bureau.Loud music, expensive hookah, very crowded bar with no walking room or personal space for that matter. 
The food is good when you go early and the music isn't blaring. I like to smoke hookah so I end up coming here once every 6 months. In my youth I would frequent this place but now I feel like I need a more laid back night. Come here if you want to get hopped up on Red bull vodkas and want to smoke a lot of hookahthe best hookah bar i have been to in all my life.  this beats out all nyc competition in my book.  the food is excellent.  the service is stellar.  i had a really good visit.Four-stars for the hummus! I never really enjoyed the decor and Eurotrashy clientele but went here on a regular basis for lunch with friends or co-workers (one of whom had never eaten Middle Eastern food of any stripe before and she was pleasantly surprised). I'd get the soup and the hummus and sometimes the fattoush. Very reasonably priced too.Yelp was so spot on LOL. This is a 3 star kind of place.  $5 cover after 9pm? Man. Takes forever to get seated. Hookah service is OK. Very rarely did the server change coals. Never had anyone blow out the smoke. $20 for the set-up. Limited beer selection. Loud as hell. If you're blitzed, this is a great spot, otherwise I would pass. 
If you're looking for a better managed hookah lounge, I would go to Aloosh in Powelton Village, or Infusion Lounge in Old City. Capelli Brothers in the Gaybourhood is also dope if you want to try a smaller, quieter place to smoke.Spot is small & gets pretty crowded, so get there early. The music & hookah are good though. Definitely a cool spot to chill.Pretty pricy. For three hookahs and drinks for 6, our bill came well over $200. The music was extremely loud and our waitress was attentive in the beginning but later on disappeared when we wanted drinks. My friend had to go up to the bar to try to order drinks but the bartender wouldn't let her and said the waitress would come over. It wasn't necessarily worth the price but the decor was cool and it opens late all week long.This is probably the worst experience I've had at a hookah lounge.  Called early afternoon and made a reservation for a party of 8 for 10:30 pm. Upon walking in the ambiance was cool, music was a good mix and loud. Would not recommend as a chill place for intimate conversation. 
Arrived 5 mins early with half of my party. Spoke to the hostess who quickly remembered that I had a party of 8. She told us to hold on a moment. Waited around at the busy entrance/exit for about  10 mins then the hostesses handed us over to the serve who proceeded to seat us at a long table near the front window that was almost fully occupied. The ppl that I came with hardly fit in the tight space.
I went back to the hostess to explain that I was still waiting for half of my party and we all weren't going to fit.  She said that the ppl that came before us lied about how many ppl were in their party and that she was going to talk to her boss about it. She never came back to speak with me and the server never mentioned anything.
When one of my friends went to speak to the sever to ask about what the resolve would be she was rude and began throwing out numbers about how many ppl were seated next to us! Is it our fault you don't know how to count or reserve accordingly? What is the point of making reservations?! The service was horrible to boot and the gratuity was included in our total. Do NOT recommend.There are Cockroaches and the manager would not give drinks or hookah on the house to compensate for the cockroaches on the wall. Will never come back... the mint  & watermelon hookah was delish.. the atmosphere was cool... lots of music and if you get a table it could be very chill.. I don't think drinks were overly pricey for the place or rittenhouse.. and the price of the hookah wasn't expensive.. although that's usual for what I've paid for a hookah ... I'll go back when in the mood to hookah =D especially since in this city there is real selection.. the other place I've gone in olde city baffles me bc children are allowed in there.. I don't understand how that's remotely okay but suffice it to say , I'll return to byblos whenever that mood hits =DHad a great time....didnt eat any food but this hookah experience was much better than my first time in DC.I have for sure experienced better. When I think Hookah bar I think a much more relaxed atmosphere, comfortable seating and carefree attitude. It was absolutely different from that. But that's not what I have problem with. We went on Sat night so I am assuming it was one of the busier nights. We did not get a table . They made us stand near the wall which made us block the little passageway that they have. We learnt that you could reserve tables. 
We ordered apple flavor hookah. The first time the snooty waitress got it for us it did not start. She tried it too and then took it back and did something to it to make it work. 
The music was blasting from the speakers in the corner. It was overpriced and on top of that the waitress commented on us leaving less tip and made her tip more for the shitty service she gave us. 
I might go again just because I like hookah... but only until I find a better hookah bar in the city.This sucks a**. Worst hooka! And then when I asked for my credit card the owner pushed me and my friends and the police of philly is paid off and even the cop was rude and a a** hole talking to me rudely and told me that he was going to slap me when I was so respectful to him! This place is no good! The owner doesn't know how to run the business or even talk to his customers!! I hate this place and will never come back specially visiting from California!! Worst experience ever!! The drinks weak and not worth paying!!!! Stupid place!!! NEVER AGAIN!!!the review is specifically for the attitude of the door man at this joint last night... because of it I never got past the front door
when we approached the door - on HALLOWEEN WEEKEND - in costume - and nothing over the top mind you- we are 30ish yr old women after all - the one door guy proceeded to act like this place was Studio 54 and made a wise ass comment like, umm if you're looking for the costume party, that's next door - as if he and the place he checks IDs at is too cool and super elite to the level that why would anyone who is in costume belong inside?  He also said this with a huge smile on his face which made it that much more snarky.  Just such an elitist DICK move... Furthermore, why would you say that to anyone that was coming in to spend money at 'your' establishment? I hope the owners know they have a tool working their front door... I cant stand people that swear they are too cool...
all my other reviews are only written for places that deserve major kudos bc I feel not enough folks share when they are happy with service but the attitude of this guy and the bad taste it gave me compelled me to have to share my two cents about it.This place is horrible, will never come here again! Came in last night with a group of 7 friends. We were told that each of us had to buy a drink to sit at a table, which is fine, we were planning to anyway. The waitress came, we ordered our drinks, and then she asked for a credit card and picture ID in order to place our drink order. She said she was going to keep the credit card and ID at the bar. First of all, that doesn't sound right. I understand opening a tab, but it is unacceptable to ask for an ID to keep at the bar. Talk about identity theft! We offered to show an ID to make sure the credit card and ID matched, but she said no, it's their policy to keep both behind the bar. We asked for the manager, and he said we were okay, and will not be required to do that. Then, for about 15-20 minutes, we were ignored, thought she forgot about our drinks, and then another waitress came over and delivered our drinks. At that time, we also ordered a hookah. Waited and waited, and finally she came over with the hookah 5 min before they were getting ready to close. Had to call the manager over again over to take the hookah off of the bill. There is no way we would be able to enjoy the hookah that we paid for in 5 minutes. Stay away from this place! They have discriminatory practices, and they do not treat their customers well. Oh, and forgot to mention that they also charge a $10 cover for some reason!Great environment but hookah is not good at all for a guy who smokes nothing but hookah! You have such a great business and liquor license! Great food. 
Why not invest in some Khalil Ma'amoon hookah? Other than the "Mya" Chinese hookah?? And if you're willing to spend $25 on a hookah at least it should be worth it! 
I'd go there again but not to smoke!Hookah bars aren't exactly my go-to party place when I'm out on the town, but when a new girlfriend suggested meeting up at Byblos, I was thankfully in the right frame of mind to say yes.
Aside from the snarky attitude from the waitresses in this place, this place really rocks out for a good time.  Live DJ in the back spinnin' some great mixed music and a wide range of interesting folks to people-watch.  Even my super sheltered gf gave the peach hookah a try once we all mellowed out in the friendly environment.  We're both non-smokers, but we agreed that it was an interesting experience worth repeating.
Food is delicious -- hummus and baba ganoush are cheap but filling appetizers, calamari with two sauces is amazingly fresh and crisp.  Can't speak for drinks, but we shared a $20 peach hookah which lasted awhile.
Great change from your typical pub crawl or bar hop if you're just looking for a more relaxed night to chat and bond over food, drinks and a hookah with your peeps.Ok so just got into silly philly from Cali...missing home so much when I get downtown I want that good ol hookah and lounge vibe and one if my fav spots used to be yup guessed it Byblos...I'd at the door to a dude that I used to see all the time holding down the door and he looks at me then the is like I'm crazy...no problem...after getting my id back I get the shake down for drugs or whatever they look for...
In my blazer pocket (yes I'm sexy when I go out) is about 4/5 bottles of my ejuice for my vape mod...this dude tells me oh no you can't bring that in here...I say why of course I can...it's just juice for my vape...he asks me to take it all out so he can see it and then asks me what it is...I tell him and let him know it's not anything illegal...he says ok and lets me in
I order a shot and a yuengling lager (Philly favorite) and proceed to cloud chase away with my vape for a good hour while waiting for one of my homegirls
I then nice to a table and am immediately told I can't use "that pipe" in here...I proceed to tell the bouncer what it is and he says well let's go talk to the owner...I had already blown numerous clouds in this guys direction that I knew I was ok...after showing him ye vape...he says no you can't use "that pipe" in here...
Other than the sexy faces in the spot going hard on this hookah I would have just gone ahead and left 
Weak! 
Won't be back!
Who really cares though
#vapelifeAwesome hookah and food! Mikhael is an awesome owner who truly cares about his guests. Get the fruit cup hookah with mint - by far the best option. We got the grape leaves, falafel, and Greek salad which chicken kabobs and gyro meat which were all fantastic.I've been to three hookah bars in Philly and this is the best one. It's responsible and has a fun club/lounge like atmosphere. Definitely a good spot to pre game or make a last stop to with friends. They have a Dj on Wednesdays (the night I went) and the music was on point.Crowded as ever, but they were able to accomodate our party of 6 right away on my birthday.  Despite being packed, service was attentive at our table. We got our hookah and drinks soon after ordering.  The hookah was fun and definitiely had my head spinning a bit.  They brought over a tasty tiramisu for my birthday treat and extra spoons without us even having to ask.  Getting to the bar or to the bathrooms was insane and of course people would be pushing and shoving.  That part definitely wasn't fun, but I guess it is expected for a Saturday night.  Turning 30 though, I realized the crowded, smoky, having-to-fight-my-way-to-the bar-and-scream-at- the-top-of-my-lungs-to-talk kind of place is definitely a scene I am over.   I had a good time here on my birthday, but probably would have felt more comfortable on an off-night.I generally think of hookah as a nice, relaxing, laid-back activity for either after an outing at a bar/nightclub or for those nights when you would rather just hang out and chat with a small group. This place is not that kind of place. The music is so loud you can't hear your conversations, the hookah is overpriced, and the service is not great.
We had to wait a very long time any time we needed our waitress for anything. It was a bit frustrating.
Probably won't be back.Lasted about 10 min in this garbage restaurant!  Got carded and while our waitress was checking our I.d.'s my brother asked where the bathroom is and our waitress caught an attitude.  "Why are u asking for the bathroom?"  Maybe cause he has to go.  She told us to hold on and told her manager.  Bc a 36 year old man asked for the bathroom??Serving sizes are TINY for the price. Their $18 Pasta wad literally no exaggeration about one cup of pasta. The crab was delicious and flavored well, but this place by no measure at all is worth the price. 
Avoid at all costs.This is a good place to hang out if you are not, like me, prone to setting yourself on fire. When we arrived at our table I noticed that there was a small votive candle on it. Being aware of my shortcomings as a person, I said "I'm going to move this candle so I don't set myself on fire." Then I smelled burning. I looked down and my scarf was on fire. Do you know how hard it is to unwrap a scarf from your neck while it is on fire so that you can put it on the floor and stomp out the fire? Well, if you are me, not difficult at all because you have practice. If this sounds like you, you should ask your friends and/or waitress to move the candles for you before you approach. Safety first, kiddos. 
Inadvertent pyrotechnics aside, I thought Byblos was a great spot to come hang with friends for snacks, drinks and hookah. They give you individually-wrapped mouthpieces to make the hookah more hygienic - clever! We had orange/mint, which was delicious. It was plenty to share among 4-5 of us. I had a cocktail made with sweet tea vodka and lemonade - basically an alcoholic Arnold Palmer. Thumbs-up. Food was reasonably priced, I had an Israeli salad which had good flavor and lots of veggies and was only $6. Rumor has it that the paella was also delicious. 
I'll be back! But next time I'll skip the scarf.Very mixed feelings. When we went there for the first time, everything was great, 5/5. Last time (Feb 4) all went well until we were asked to move to a different table because they were expecting a party of 12. So they moved us to a corner table that was right across from the door so it was really cold. When I told the waitress about it she literally replied the following: 'You're putting me in a very bad position you've been here long enough you know what I mean.' Now, we spent that night at Byblos around $120 which seems pretty good for a party of 2. No attempt was made to apologize or make up for the bad seating decision. As for party of 12, only 2 people were there for up to half hour. I believe that in such instances the reservation should be cancelled altogether by the restaurant. I realize that Byblos doesn't care about its customers because it's always crowded and the table won't be empty for a while even if some people are unhappy about the treatment. At the same time, if the management and waitresses of Byblos are making bad decisions based on poor planning, they will get no tips and plenty of bad reviews.I came here after an entire afternoon of "I'm just going to have brunch and then go home and take care of shit" but actually ended up just continuing to drink after brunch until bedtime. Classic. Considering what time we entered this place, I don't think it would be a stretch to assume a cat probably literally dragged us in. 
I was in that mental state where I was really in the mood to smoke some hookah. We waited until FOUR PM for this shit to open up. We sat at the bar and they were still setting shit up. The fuck if I knew about my surroundings at that time but I think it's safe to assume that we were the only people at that hour. 
We like randomly ordered some drinks and a hookah flavor, I couldn't even tell you what it was. I also ordered some hummus with pita. LOL of course the food I remember.
Service was good, the bartender we were dealing with was nice and approachable. Also simultaneously cutting limes at certain points. Who can blame her for being prepared?
Hookah was nice and smooth. Hummus was fairly good. Don't remember the drinks. 
I have made a mental note of this place's existence next time I'm in a similar mood.Its a fine place to get a hookah, its a bit pricey, but the service is pretty good.  We generally went during off hours so only encountered the clubby aspect once or twice.  Now that we have our own hookah we haven't been back since the cost doesn't seem justified.  
Never tried the food but always wanted to, maybe we'll go back for that at some point.Awesome hookah bar. Bouncers are professional and friendly. Staff is awesome. All the girls that work here are friendly and go the extra mile to make sure you have a good time.This place is absolutely horrible. Never again! Customer service is nonexistent! Couldn't get a table and we were yelled at for trying to get to a bathroom. Hookah is overpriced and low quality.I would not recommend this place for a large group. I went here with 9 of my friends for my birthday. As soon as the dishes were cleared, the hostess asked us if we were leaving because another reservation was coming in. On top of that they charge $2 per person to cut and serve your own cake!!!!Great atmosphere, OK food, and good music but too loud to enjoy it! Also, it gets too full sometimes!while in philly for business, checked out the food - very good mediterranean - had some wonderful grilled octopus salad.  while there for late night dinner the bar filled up and the place turned into this adorable hookah lounge - young working crowd midtwenties to midthirties. wish we had someplace like this in boston!$10 cover charge would've been alright if the place was lit and had space to smoke hookah. No seats or place to smoke hookah and no music. The bouncer should've at least say hey there's no seats or spots at the moment. I have to basically pay to find out there's no music at a lounge. Never seen service like this. I'm a heavy hookah smoker and respect all lounges and service is key. This place was horrible. DONT GO, THIS PLACE IS TRASH.I thought the food was really great (although a tad expensive but typical for Center City). It definitely satisfied my pregnancy cravings lol! First time ordering from here. Will definitely recommend.COCKROACH!!! Disgusting! No apologies and told "it came from outside." Unbelievable. Horrible service! Will never return!Had been here once a long time ago and remember the food being very good and the hummus being some of the best I've tried... 
I actually thought about not going because everything I'e read seems to focus on the Hookah end of this place... but we were in the mood for some middle eastern and planning on drinking at the Franklin right next store, so we gave it a shot...
We went at 7sih  on a Weds... so I guess we missed the big/partying crowds..  there were some hookahing and eating.. There was a DJ in the back.. playing - well - 'quite a variety' from  raggae to middle eastern to bad 80's..Our waitress Tiffany was very friendly and sweet... 
I had forgotten this is one of the few places you can get the Saganiki - set on fire with ouzo -- yummmmm Hubby went with the lamb kabobs - (he  loved them) and our waitress talked me out of the cous cous - so I instead opted for 2 tapas- babaganoush and Falafal. the Baba was DELISH !  as were the falafals.. 
The only disappointment was the baklava, which I always look forward to when I eat middle eastern... don't know what they did to it.. I think they may have microwaved it.. but the bottom layers were hard as leather.. and the middle was way too hot... what a shame to do that  to a piece of baklava.
All in all - food wise - a decent place to get your middle eastern on.
ps... since they have a smoking license  for the hookahs- you can smoke inside here - so be warned --- or if you're a smoker- enjoy !Cool hookah place. Second time here and we got the mango favor again, which was good. The Jack & coke was good and strong! Lol. It was really packed so we decided to sit outside. It was cool since I was not too fond of the music anyway, but service was great.Extremely rude waitress. Added a ridiculous tip for poor quality hookah and forced everyone to buy alcoholic drinks. Also the music is insanely loud and lots of creeps. Stay away!My friend has been telling me how much she loves this place for quite some time. So I decided to go there and give it a try. 
It was nice. Not a place I would recommend to go if you plan on getting the full dining experience or a date. It's just a small, chilled spot that you may want to go to just to get good food and drinks. Its very loud from the music playing, the food was great, [alcohol] drinks very good, non-alcohol drinks are $5 [not worth the mini glass] and the hookas are very popular. I think we were the only table with out one. Overall, it was fun!Never been to a restaurant that charges you a cover fee to go in. I can see how minimum charge could make sense but it really threw me off when I came with boyfriend on a date for dinner and they asked us for a fee at the door. 
Do not recommend.This place is one of my favorites... the hookah is great, food is awesome and the drinks are ok.... I really come for the hookah.. but the y'all older Caucasian doorman dude is rude as ever.. just be prepared to give him your bag or he will flip his shit..‍Ima give dis place a three star and only for  My man OUTSIDE. I blew him wit my down souf swagga !! Had him cuttin up good time!!!! small selection of flavors and the spot is tiny as hell this place is booming with people and for their amount and prices of the products 30$$$ hookah holy moly anyways with all this money they are making rent a bigger spot and allow more room you get crammed up but the music wasn't too bad go DJ go DJ go!!! Lots of regular s and funny lookin eyes on me...but didn't know body want It I deeboed my way though da world!  Lol nah but go earlier to get a table! For comfort! !   BUT FOREAL BOSS MAN IF YOU READ MY YELP SPEND SUM OF DAT OVERSEAS $$$$$$ AND GET A BIGGER SPOT!!!! YOU BOOMin OPEN UP   despot  HOOKAH SHOULD BE COMFORTABLE NOT SWEATY YA FEEL ME!!!! o yeah they prices higher den a mufuka! !!Awful place and service. Racist and rude. Nasty, nasty, nasty servers. I will never refer it to anyone or go back there. 1 star is too generous for this place. Took my friends there and I was embarrassed. Horrible place. Stay awayI went lastnight... It was my 3rd time going and I can honestly say every time I go it gets better ! Better music ! Better drinks ! And better crowd ! If your lookin for a good time come here !Tool central.  Whether they're making up new rules in order to charge you more or glaring at your "I-don't-feel-the-need-to-try-that-hard" handbag, the staff here is neither friendly nor helpful in any way.  In fact, they seem to want to make it harder for you to spend money there.
Though I have given up in recent months, each of the last three times I attempted to patronize Byblos my group was faced with some new ridiculous and awkward stipulation.  First, all of a sudden, parties of 5 or more had to purchase at least two hookahs, then tables were reserved for parties ordering food, and then it was a minimum charge per head at the table.  And all of it seemed so shadily implemented and relayed that I'm 90% sure those rules were (and probably are) instated on a case-by-case basis as people walk in the door.
And to top it all off, the place is cold and hollow, lacking the kitschy charm of many other hookah bars, as well as too-often bombarded with the bumbling of an over-zealous wannabe-in-Ibiza DJ.  Overall, a no.I always swear I'm never going back, but I always end up going back. Good hookah spot (since there are few to choose from) and usually really good music. Any night of the week, people are always down to party and that's why I think i keep going back - it never fails me. But it always seems like the guys are there just to find someone to hook up with and that's annoying. The bartenders always seem to be extra extra busy, but that's okay, I don't mind waiting for a drink. The waitresses are really nice though. I've never had food there, but I've gone on pretty much every night of the week at least once and..yeah, I always swear I'm never going back and I always go back.HORRRIBLE!  Dropped a beer and got kicked out for no reason. Not a friendly bar and seems somewhat racist.I've been here a few times. It's a tiny spot. The hookah is good. The drinks aren't anything special and overpriced. They need to refurnish the place because it's looking a little run down even in the dark.Love this place. It's clean and the employees are accommodating. It ad a good vibe.I have been to a few other Hookah Lounges; however Byblos is by far my favorite hookah spot, and the only Hookah Bar I go to. Byblos is the best place to go and have a good time. Fridays and Saturdays are when I usually go, it gets over-crowded and hard to find a seat if you don't go at a decent time. If you want to sit at the bar you should definitely go early. However, I have been on other days throughout the week and it's not as crowded. Byblos also has outdoor seating, which is a plus. I love going here on summer nights, sitting outside enjoying weather and conversation (great way to enjoy a summer night). No matter the day you go, the crowd is always welcoming, interesting, diverse, fun and people enjoying themselves. The music is good; the DJ always plays a nice mix of music.
The Hookahs are good, they have a wide variety of intoxicating flavors and they are not too expensive. The food is good (Middle Eastern), I always get the lamb kabobs with rice or grilled chicken caesar salad. The calamari (as an app) and salmon are good too, the menu overall is pleasing. As for the drinks, they are a hit or miss. The bartenders are always "super busy", because the bar is always packed. The drinks can be mediocre, so I usually order a glass of wine. 
The only downside to Byblos is that sometimes it gets over-crowded. Overall I always have a good time at Byblos. Lots of laughs and conversations with complete strangers lol. Byblos is my go-to place for hanging out and having fun whenever I am in Philly!Used to come here all the time back in the day. I have not had any issues with the bouncer or bar tenders (as others have indicated), but at the same time, I only go there on Thursdays when its free Hookah Night.  With the coupon (from their website) you can get a free hookah every thursday night with the purchase of 2 drinks.  Byblos has one of the better Hookahs in the city and therefore gets a higher rating.this place is AWFUL. 
i get it's trying to maintain some sort of ambiance by keeping it dark, but it actually just gives you the creeps as the dark lighting feels more like a way to mask the really terrible food that's served here. 
service is mediocre - water is always late and we had to wait a significant time (10 min) before getting our checks. 
the food is something you do NOT want to eat here. sour hummus that's taken out from the fridge and plopped into a dish, calamari that's a week or two past fresh, and sub par cooking all around. we ate here and left most of the food on the table before leaving for another restaurant. it doesn't help the terrible food that you can barely see it in the darkness.I really enjoyed my meal. Nothing special or unique, but well done traditional Lebanese food. The chicken kebab was great - exceptionally well seasoned and not overcooked (unusual for chicken kebabs!). And the kibbi was AMAZING. Almost got an order of those to go.