I love their pizza, but hate the south philly attitude you get from the ladies that work there. The place is literally a 4 x 4 room and it kinda reminds me of the soup nazi they get really snippy there, but it won't stop me from getting amazing pizza in this city where good pizza is hardly found.The most delicious and amazing pizza and bread.  Staff is very friendly and accommodating.I have been coming to this place for a long time. The tomato pies, strombolis and garlic bread are just incredible. They are also very reasonably priced for the quality and quantity of food you get. However, I would avoid the Roast Pork they have on weekends. Just very bland for my taste. However you will get a lot for the $5 they charge for it.The pizza and the conolli are out of this world and cheap, I get my lunch from here at least twice a week.The pizza here is soooo good for square pie..Pizzaz, double cheesesteak, and broccoli are my fav here, soups are awesome too! Staff is always so friendly too, huge plus :)Same co-worker mentioned in Primo next door in desperate need of another T-shirt stopped in here with me so we could pick up cheap slices of tomato, spinach and tomato with cheese pies.  The neighborhood around Cacia's is classic Italian Philadelphia and has a charm I've never experienced anywhere else.  Two sweet girls manned the counter while we were there and they were impressed we came from as far away as Seattle.  
Everything in there looks and smells terrific.  Right now slices only go for $1.40 for a 7" x 7" square.  P picked up a red T-shirt for $15.  We also tried the fresh cannoli with ricotta (they have a chocolate filling too) which was novel for me as someone not oriented towards sweets but familiar enough that the crunch of the shell biting into one surprised me.  P seemed amused and said that's because the cannolis are not usually filled to order at most bakeries and have time to sit in the display case and get soggy.  Like everyone here has also pointed out, they only accept cash so you may have to use the generic ATM outside if you didn't bring enough.Just tried their tomato pie. It was amazing! The crust was airy with a nice crisp and texture. The tomato sauce tasted fresh and flavorful. A bit chunky and definitely not watery. One delicious pie! Highly recommend. The plain tomato pie is good but they have other types, white pizza and ones prepared with toppings. You really can't go wrong. 
Since you are here, you might as pick up some cannoli too. Delicious!Simply the best pizza. I grew up eating this when they only made it on Friday nights. We were in Springfield for a recent family reunion and made a special trip into south Philly just for Cacia's pizza.A true South Philly gem and one of the most authentic Italian pizza I have had. Once in a while, I would crave for their cannolis which I couldn't resist too.The *best* pizza in Philadelphia. 
I know, I know.  It's a bakery.  Fine. The baked goods are wonderful and the prices would make a Whole Foods regular head blow up. But the pizza, fantastic. Oily wonderfulness. Lots of cheese. Flavorful sauce but not overpowering. Square pizzas.  Not too thick, not too thin (don't get me started on thin pizza).  Cheap.  And the sauce/cheese/toppings go all the way to the ends of the non-crust slices.  It's unique. And perfect.The bread is not the best thing about Cacia's although it is great! This review is about their roast pork ! Made only on Sunday! It reminds me of the pork my grandmom used to make! Seasoned to perfection you can get a container ( enough for about 5 sandwiches) for 11 bucks! It's my Sunday tradition during football season ! Give it a try ! way better than that machine sliced stuf THIS PIRK IS THE REAL DEALAbsolutely delicious selection of all different kinds of breads, pizza, strombolis, and stuffed breads. The prices are ridiculously cheap - I have never spent more than $5. The tomato pie is really good as well as the broccoli. Rolls are always fresh. 
There's not too much selection as far as sweets go - just cannolis and the occasional donuts.Can't beat this place if you are feeling peckish. My friends and I weren't even hungry but ended up buying a couple slices of their individual square cut pies since they were only about a $1.60 a slice, give or take some cents.The food deserves 5 stars. The Pizzaz, oh my god, the pizzaz! The cheesesteak Stromboli! I'm salivating just thinking about it. 
My only complaint is their hours. But hey, they're worth advance planning.When I worked in South Philly, my co-workers would get Cacia's pizza for lunch events. The pizza is awesome! I'm in love with the pizazz! The prices are reasonable; only downside to me is that it's cash only. Service is great. If I'm craving pizza and I'm in the area, Cacia's is my choice.This place has the best tomato pie in town. Seriously, now that I've had the tomato pie here, I really don't want to have it anywhere else ever again.
The cannoli are pretty good as well.I've only ever gone here for the pizza.  They don't make sweet things, they make bread mostly, stromboli, and cute little things you can eat for lunch.
The pizza is square, cheap and absolutely delicious.  I love the tomato pie!Love love love their bread here! So good and fresh. My dad always asks to get the crispy ones and they do try to accommodate for that  and the cheesesteak pizza here is delicious!Located on the same deadly calorie strip at Dad's Stuffings and Potito's Bakey, Cacia's turns out the tastiest square pizzas, rolls and stromboli. 
Grab some tomato pie by the slice (cheeeep) and try a piece of Pizazz, a white American cheese pie with a variety of hot peppers. The stromboli here are excellent as well, perfect to bring home to the oven for a party or game.  Bread is definately good, sandwich rolls are ideal for hoagies or cheesesteaks. 
Parking is weird, so just pull in wherever.  Hey, you're in South Philly, so who cares!Was in the neighborhood and wanted something to eat.
They sell Pizza, Stromboli's and bread.
Can't tell you the verdict on the bread yet but the pizza was very good.
These are square in the pan type pizza's as opposed to the round baked on the oven type.
The brocolli spinach and white pizza's were very good.
If this was in MY neighborhood, I'd go again, but the ladies behind the counter need to learn some manners.Although I only visit perhaps once a year, my memories of living in Philly and shopping at Cacia's remain strong.  I lived in Old City (when it was factories and warehouses-ie before The Continental replaced the rough-around-the-edges diner), and was clued onto Cacia's by a co-worked who grew up in South Philly.
The rolls!  The bakery pizza!  The way they'd bake your Thanksgiving turkey (do they still do this?).  The gruff but sweet ladies working the counter.  The insanity of parking nearby.  The ability to pick up a good cheesesteak in a block or ten in every direction.  Hell, the ability to get a cheesesteak stromboli at Cacia's!
It remains a highlight of my annual visit to sightsee, frequent favorite spots, and soak in my Philly memories.  Keep on keeping on, Cacia's.Best cannoli's in Philly. Love their white garlic pizza and garlic cheese bread.Not so sure what they hype is about. I've gotten pizza, dough, rolls, and gelato here. Let's just say I am confused. Everyone in philly knows about Cacia's. The dough is too.....chewy for me. I'm just not impressed.Seriously, the best pizza you will ever have.. No joke.
I have been visiting Cacia's since I was a kid on weekend trips to South Philly for Cacia's pizza and Cannuli's cheese sausage (also great). Their prices have always been much cheaper than any other shop around. My favorite is the white & pizazz. They also have great roast pork sandwiches on the weekends. My only dislike is the small space.. On the weekends the line is usually out the door.. and it moves painfully slow. My best recommendation is to call ahead and place your order. They're also cash only.Pizza was fresh and hot awesome, service with a smile Italians do it better lol,,they want you to come back ,,double cheese steak pizza,pizza pizzaz was so good fresh breadgreat tomato pie and rolls ... one of those places your grandfather would take youDam I love this place. Dollar-forty slices, about 6 of them to choose from. Three-twenty-five cannolis. And the old guy fills them up for you. Damnit such a good stop.BEST PIZZA. 
also, amazing price. a box , which includes 12 square slices, is $10.50. ridiculous. 
i have a penchant for 2-hand stuffing myself with tomato pies whenever i'm given the option, so it's no surprise that this is my favorite pizza at cacia.
the plain slice is nothing to laugh at tho. they might have mastered the cheese:sauce ratio that i'm forever ranting about, much to the dismay of my friends. 
the crust is chewy and just thick enough, the sauce is tangy sweet, the cheese is melty golden brown... mmmm. 
they have something called a pizazz slice. which, get this... is simply crust, american cheese, peppers of the jalapeno type variety. and it's MARVELOUS. i tried to act all snooty one time and said something about how i loved the BECHAMEL they used on the pizazz pizza. i was informed that this alleged bechamel was actually just melted american cheese and i dropped my head and scurried away in foodie shame, but only after grabbing a few more squares that i could secret eat while wallowing in my own shame. 
they also have calzones which are large portions and meaty. we had the cheesesteak calzone, which was solid. the cheese was melty and flavorful, but i must say, i missed the sauce. BTW THEY DID NOT HAVE ANY SAUCE TO GIVE US FOR THIS. be warned. 
this place is totally worth it, even if it's a bit of a trek from where you might be.On a grand tour of Cannoli in Philadelphia, we stumbled upon this tiny little spot. And we were so glad we did. The cannoli was absolutely spectacular and we couldn't resist also picking up a few slices of the tomato and cheese pizza pie they had our front. SO GOOD! We sat outside on the little bench to enjoy our spoils. A guy strolled past, gave the pizza a second glance, and decided he would buy some too. Will be visiting here again for sure.Excellent tomato pie that's heavier on the sauce (what I like) and slightly thinner on the crust than other versions I've tried. Their cannoli are delicious, and they're sure to let you know that they're freshly filled. I preferred the plain ricotta (a nice tang to it) to the chocolate one, but bother were great.This bakery is tops in quality, service, cleanliness, deliciousness, authenticity, friendliness, and location. My favorites are the rolls and what not they cover in veggies and cheese, they are not quite pizza but they are quite a delight. I hope they never get cool, or trendy because they are perfect precisely as they are.Most Philadelphians think their pizza is great, but as someone who lived in New York for for 21 years I can tell you it is HARD to find good, authentic tasting pizza in Philly. Thank God I stumbled upon Cacia's! It is the only bakery/pizzeria in the area that I can count on to be consistently good. I love the variety -  I've tried just about every different slice the south Philly location has (tomato, cheesesteak, white, broccoli, spinach, etc.) and they're all delicious. And so cheap too! The tomato pie box is seriously a steal. In the summer they have Gelato which is also soo good!The tomato pie is amazing. The sauce is a perfect consistency, and just slightly spicy. The dough is soft and buttery, making for an excellent tomato pie.I am not a big fan of Cacia's white bread, but their whole wheat is delicious and the pizza is another matter although.  It is baked in large square pans, it is a little thick and the texture is crispy, soft with the just the right amount of chewiness.  There are about 5 or 6 non meat varieties displayed on any given day.  I don't know if they ever make a meat based option - I have never seen one, it maybe a special order.  The thing I really love is that you can get a selection of slices by putting together a mixed box - 12 slices for around $10.  It is a great deal.  If you think that maybe too much pizza for you let me say that this pizza freezes amazing well.  I often get the mixed box of 12 slices for my husband and I and pop some into the freezer in 2 slice packs.   A few minutes in the oven and it tastes as good as the day you bought it.  The pie with fresh tomatoes and hot peppers is wonderful with just enough of a zing.  They also offer a plain tomato pie option with a rich, thick layer of concentrated tomato sauce and a bit of grated cheese.  It is really delicious just as is or a perfect canvass to take home and dress as you please.  If you like the consistence of a bread dough based type of pizza, Cacia is a wonderful place to checkout.Oh Cacia's. A delicious gem of South Philly. My boyfriend used to live right across the street, which means we would often get a couple slices of pizza to satisfy our cravings. Now that he no longer lives in the neighborhood, we still make it a point to come to Cacia's whenever we're nearby. My favorites from here are the pizzaz and cheesesteak pizzas, as well as their cannoli. I only wish they stayed open longer on Sundays!I only had a loaf of bread but it was so good. The crust was just crispy enough and the inside was soft. Next time I will try their pulled pork sandwhich.I had a problem with them putting the same foil on the Turkey that I put on the turkey when I took it there.I put foil and seasoning on raw meat. That call salmonella. I had to asked them for a new piece of foil and also when I got the Turkey home it look like it was burnt, and when I tasted it it was dried. I recommend do not take your Turkey to this bakery. The health department needs to check theirs ways of cooking.Quintessential South Philly tomato pie place! The pizza, tomato pie and all the baked goods are amazing. You can smell how great this place is from down the street. It's always filled with locals and the folks who work here know all their regulars by name. This is exactly what you're looking for in Italian South Philly.Tried their stromboli and pizza and both were totally forgettable.  The dough is terrible.  Maybe they used to be good but as others here have said, it seems like they are cutting corners on the ingredients.  The staff seems very unhappy too, grouchy and not friendly.  There are much better pizzas and strombolis out there in Philly.  Plus I noticed they had some code violations recently, which isn't surprising because as someone else pointed out, the place doesn't seem all that clean.  We lived in the neighborhood for two years and the bakery was definitely a source of irritation.  They are open almost every day of the year, including Sundays, Easter (SMH) and Thanksgiving and its hugely annoying if you live there.  Have some respect for the residents.Whenever I have a business meeting my staff wants me to bring Cacia's pizzas for lunch. I've been a fan of Cacia's since being a kid in the neighborhood. Now my staff in Wilmington DE are fans!  I love the price and quality.I've been eating their pepperoni stromboli since I was a young'n. 5.00 roast pork sandwiches aint bad on Sundays. They;re actually good. Like the pork chunks versus thin sliced. They give you a heaping amount of pork too. Best garlic bread EVER. Seriously haven't had a better one and are my faves for it. Good pizza pie. Their Pizzaz is the best. Don't dare go in there late morning -noonish on a Sunday. Place is crazy packed. Can't beat warm, fresh, baked goodness from Cacia's. Just doesn't get any better.Clearly their pizza is otherworldly good, but give this a shot: get one of their dinner rolls, preferably while it's still warm. Cut it open, douse the dough with high-quality EVOO, freshly-grated locatelli, a sprinkle of hot pepper seeds and a handful of pickled hot banana peppers (like the ones they give you at Wawa). It will take you to delicious spicy guilt-free heaven. In my house, we called it a "grandmom sandwich." Enjoy! 
***WARNING: do not attempt with any roll other than a Cacia's. St. Monica herself will smite you when she finds out.The most amazing pizza in all of South Philly! I miss it so much.
Die Hard fan living in SoCalI heard about tomato pies, which are not common in other areas. I came and ordered exactly one slice. There's a lot going on here. The bottom of the pizza...is well cooked. The middle tastes kinda like normal dough, and then close to where the sauce is, is very much like raw dough. 
The sauce is pretty acidic and just reminds you of the tomato sauce on a pizza before it's cooked...because that's probably what it is.
There's a lot going on here in how it's not consistently cooked, but overall I just didn't enjoy it.Cacia's is what I consider the quintessential deep South Philly bakery. Boo and I went in one day to get some tomato pie for a party and while we were waiting maybe 8 or 9 people came in and out and this is how the conversations went: 
"Hey yo Frankie what's happenin'?" 
"Yo Frankie! Good brother how's your son Frankie doin'?"
"Frankie's good , he's out with Frankie's kids today."
8 or 9 people came in, 6 or 7 were named Frankie as well as the guy manning the 15 foot pizza paddle (for lack of a better term). 
While we stood waiting for our pie watching this ballad de la Frankies I began looking over the other offerings they had. Everything look incredible and we both had a touch of hangover from the night before so we figured we'd grab some squares to eat on our way to the BBQ. Boo and I each had a piece of the pizazz and naturally  a piece of the cheesesteak. The pizazz was very good but paled in comparison to the cheesesteak. Every bite was bursting with flavor, the sauce tasted almost like a more robust béchamel. I can't wait to cop an entire one. 
The cheesesteak pizza is a 5 star all the way. I took a star away because the tomato pie while fine was still a good amount behind Corropolese. And it sucks because we brought it to a party where no one had had tomato pie before and we didn't bring our A game. That being said I feel like I've only scratched the surface of what Cacia's has to offer and I'm excited for the future.I just went here tonight and got 2 cannoli's and they fill them while you're standing there. Omg they were relish!!! I'm going back tomorrow!!!I bought 9 slices of pizza Wednesday afternoon and here it is Friday at 4 p.m. and I just realized the last time I ate something other than Cacia's tomato pie was Tuesday night at dinner. Super flavorful sauce, the bread is perfect al dente, and it keeps SO WELL. I used to be 50% Italian, now I'm pretty sure I'm up to 51%. Well done, Cacia's, well done indeed. Also they were super nice, which is good too. Honestly I think Marchiano's has a little better pie, but they're pretty standoffish. Cacia's is my new favorite.
Oh, and if you see Vincent G., tell him it isn't Cacia's job to tell people where to park their friggin' cars, what a jerk. If he has a problem with someone he should say it to their face instead of complaining on yelp.Whenever I come home, I make it a priority to stop by Cacia's for a slice of their pizza, especially their famed pizzaz- American cheese layered with fresh sliced tomatoes and yellow peppers. "American cheese on a pizza?!" you ask, "With no sauce?!" 
Yes. 
And it absolutely delivers, as the tanginess of the peppers harmonizes with the cheese, creating a symphony of flavors in my mouth. 
But why limit yourself to one type of pizza? They offer many other flavors (cheesesteak, red, white), which is why I always treat myself to a mixed box for some variety.Something has changed with the taste of Cacia's dough recipe.  I suspect that they are using either low gluten flour, cheap inferior yeast, or both.
Cacia's bread used to have a very delicious and extraordinarily distinctive taste and texture.  It was nice and crisp on the outside and soft and chewy inside.  Now, their bread has a soft outside and the inside has hardly any taste just like the other four, or so, "old time" bread bakeries in South Philly.
Even their pizza has a different taste now.  The gravy is still pretty good with the green pepper back-tastes, but the pizza dough has gone way down hill. And, it has become very oily.
Original Mr. Sam Cacia would not like today's product.  Sam was an outstanding baker.Tried Cacia's for a pepperoni takeaway stromboli recently. While of course fresh is always best when trying a new spot, this was my first opportunity and I wasn't going to turn it away. 
Honestly, for a heat-at-home stromboli, this was great. About 15-20 minutes in the toaster oven at 400 melted the cheese a bit and softened it up to an almost-fresh level. 
The bread was not oily or soaked as I've had with cheeses and meat in pizza dough before, and there was a good amount of pepperoni inside that complimented the amount of mozzarella. The flavor of the dough and sauce was very classic, reminding me of trying a slice for the first time as a kid and falling in love with it. The flavors brought me back to the no-frills memories of pizza, and I'm glad this spot open with consistent hours during these weird times, because I'll definitely be back when I'm around South Philly again.I absolutely love their pizza and their bread! The only downside is that their bread and rolls need to be eaten the day you buy them. Buy a loaf or some rolls around dinner time and by morning they're stale and hard as a rock. It's a good thing if you want to make breadcrumbs but I prefer it if my bread lasts more than a day.I have been a Cacia's customer for 50 years.  It is always "5" stars.  The bread and everything is the best.  But I have to give the Folsom, PA store "1" star.  I should have looked in the boxes.  When I arrived at a meeting and opened the boxes of pizza, they were all dried out, smelled horrible and looked like they were around from the day before.  I called the store and the gentlemen told me "They are fine - I have two pieces left and I'm going to eat them now.  They are fine".  I called the So. Philly store to complain and the women told me that the Folsom store is not one of their stores that they just have a sign and I should not go to Folsom anymore.   So, then why is that location listed on your website and the box??  I wasted $28 and was embarrassed.Loveeee to come here and get a few slices to go! The pizazz is my absolute favorite!!! The broccoli is good too and so is the plain tomato pie. I've gotten rolls from here too and they've been pretty good. I could eat the pizazz every day though!! SO good. South Philly gem!This is my *favorite* place in the Philly metro area for tomato pie!! My family has been going here for generations and I have relatives that travel for this tomato pie. The store in Blackwood, NJ actually has the best selection of products and I have relatives in Roxborough that travel to Blackwood regularly just for the tomato pie. 
My personal favorites are the plain ol' red slices and the white slices. The broccoli is great too. If you go to the store in Blackwood (or any of the Jersey stores, at least the ones I've been to), they have slices with roast pork, sweet or hot peppers and a whole bunch of other goodies. 
And I like the stromboli too and the rolls were part of my family's traditions too as I was growing up. 
I agree that parking is weird in the South Philly store, but they have boring ol' suburban parking lots at the stores in Jersey.The best tomato pie around. I really like the broccoli as well. Check them out on Sundays for roast pork. Ask for the sharp provolone and peppers, and remember to bring cash.As soon as you walk in, it smells amazing. The pizza is great and the stombolis are huge. Definitely will be going back!As others have said, truly excellent pizza. 
I'm partial to the tomato pie myself. It's *almost* as good as the tomato pies my 94 year old Italian grandpa used to make. Since he no longer makes them, these will suffice!Love this place. The rolls are fresh and delicious. The stromboli has just enough meat and cheese, same with the pizza even though my favorite is their tomato pie. Also, the cannolis are the best I've ever had; it is pricy but worth every cent. Haven't had a chance to try other things. 
The staff are also really nice and offer to warm stuff up for you.Love their pizza. Just ordered two pies. I think they have the best tasting dough in the business and no one beats their pizza!I'm not a big fan of cannolis but this was pretty good. It wasn't overbearingly sweet. I had expected it to be sweet because of the amount of filling but it was a good and didn't make my tongue thick. I don't get cannolis often so I'm not sure how much they usually cost, but we got these two for 8 dollars. I personally think it's a bit pricey for just two. I would come back and definitely try out their pizza or get my fill bread here.good food but not very sanitary.seen something i never seen before ,the lady who got my pizza and put it in the box had some sauce on her finger and licked it off and then she continued to pick up my pizza .then on top of that the lady that was on the cash register would lick her fingers when she counted money then with them same fingers picked up rolls for customers (handling money is bad enough)rubber gloves are $3 a box .Nice local bakery with a few sweets but mainly they focus on their famous rolls and pizza. Worth a visit.Very good bakery and prices are cheap. Everything I've had was very good and will keep going back.Tomato pie is good. The sauce is packed with tomato flavor. That's the standout here, in my opinion. It's why you should go to Cacia's and give them money. 
Spinach and broccoli slices are just fine, as are their rolls.
Now stop reading and go get a tomato pie.I love this bakery so much. I've had countless Eagles Sunday meals come from Cacia's. You can NEVER go wrong with their stromboli's, super cost-friendly mixed pizza boxes, or rolls & roast pork! It is a true South Philly staple and one of the best establishments in Girard Estates, arguably being the best with how consistent they are. The cannoli's are really good too, just an all around wonderful experience.Pizza is way too greasy and not good for its price. On top of that, literally laughed at me because I forgot to shave. Terrible service!!!Great small family run bakery with really friendly employees. They have lots and lots of rolls in different shapes and sizes and several versions of square that they crank out at a fast par because of the high demand. My wife loves their cheese pizza (without the sauce), yummy bruschetta, and Parmesan garlic bread. And their Easter cakes are so good, I dream of them year-round. As much as i hate to share this information (they only have limited supplies of certain things it seems) I can't keep this place secret any longer. Oh yeah, they also have a loading zone (with occasional usage of orange highway cones) in front of the store so parking's a breeze. It's places like this that make Philly what it is and bring a smile to my face and hunger pangs to my stomach.Neighborhood spot...been known to show up to events with boxes of their homemade pizzas.  So good that there's a line out the door sometimes.  I love that it's a family-run business and so consistent.Their pizza is incredible! Highly recommend all of them, you can't go wrong. The cannolis are made to perfection!This is hands down my favorite south Philly bakery.  The tomato pie is the best around.  Everything else I have ordered here has tasted great.  When I visit out of state family I always bring Cacia's rolls bc you can't get rolls that good out of Philadelphia.  
They have a loading zone out front too so parking is easy and pickups are fast so it's easy to get a loading zone spot.I got the cannoli and they  are pretty delicious. It's home made and definitely the same quality as the top Italian bakery in Philadelphia.
The roast pork is amazing and you have to serve it for n Cacia rolls because they are dense so they are able to soak up and hold the broth and make the sandwich wet . I always put good quality provolone, sharp provolone if you like stronger flavor, top it with sliced yellow and or hot peppers. You can ask the cheese and peppers there but I think it's extra cost. If you don't have them at home, I recommend adding it and worth the cost.Great bread with nice bread. The garlic Parmesan boule is good. Well known for the Italian bread and pizza. On Sundays they made amazing roast pork. For Easter they make delicious Easier cookies. Cash only. Parking is a challenge. For Thanksgiving you can have your turkey roasted in their oven. They have wheat rolls too. They sell pasta in the freezer.Pizza is okay but, more importantly, the workers are so rude! Customer service matters.We stumbled upon Cacia when we visited the Indonesian restaurant around the corner. I am always curios about freshly stuffed canoli. The folks working there were so friendly and nice, the shop smelled wonderful with their freshly baked hoagie breads. They gave my infant son a baby hoagie - it was so sweet of them. I ordered two canolis, one of each flavor. Plus they also sell chocolate pizzelles, one of my favorites. I bought a pack of that it was very tasty as well. The older gentlemen came up to my group and asked if we wanted to try their gelato, he asked what flavors we liked and scooped up a generous tasting portion.The gelato was very tasty! The canolis were really really yummy! Loved this store!Great slices of pizza. Rolls and Italian bread is fresh and crusty but soft inside. For Easter they make sweet Easter cake, either round or wreath for bigger crowd . Highly recommendThe employees are very rude they constantly block the st. Horrible for anyone who lives nearby. Please don't allow customers  to do this. A huge inconvenience. I will never support them due to the fact I'm inconvenience by them multiple times a day. What a horrible place. Way to alienate someone who lives 30 secs away. I will never come here again. Ive also gotten pizza from here when I first moved here and it was mediocre. The staff was rude as well. The pizza was cold and flavorless. Cacias please respect the neighborhoodDon't get the Stromboli they don't put no meat in it supposed to be cheesesteak in. Bad and terrible the worst I ever hadThe roast pork is out of this world. The best I have ever had. Only available on Sundays. A container can make 4-5 sandwiches. Ask for provolone and peppers on the side.Was at the South Philly location on Oct 17, 2016; I don't know if the other reviewers have any taste with their 5 star rating, but they must be the same reviewers that give Olive Garden 5 stars. We ordered 1/2 Spinach and 1/2 cheese&sauce. The "pizza" was ice cold, the dough was undercooked, soggy, the cheese was oily and lacking flavor and not cheesy like mozzarella should be- and I'm not talking fresh and the sauce was worst then jar sauce from Acme. This "pie" must have been sitting there for hours. Maybe years ago this place might have been good, but it is an embarrassment to South Philly where there are some great pizza places. I know there are also some places in Philly that still can make a real tomato pie, this place isn't one of them. Stay away from this place like a plague. I can't comment on their other locations, but I wouldn't waste my money or time with any pizza joint that bears their name. Also CASH ONLY- no surprise thereFirst off I can't stress how important it is now during this pandemic that everyone is going through. Especially our essential worker, supermarkets, car shops, and especially local restaurants. And for all other essential workers I forgot to mention. I want to say thank you for all that you have done. I myself is one so I know and understand the risk we all are taking. But with out you guys thing could be worse. 
That's why today I'm supporting one of my few favorite place for square pizza. I've been coming here to satisfy my pizza craving for years. I tried a few other places but none better than this place. It's local and it's in the heart of South Philly, two blocks after Broad street. 
Stopped in to grab a mix 12 slices and I was greet by one of the owner. Old grandpa as I would like to call him. Picked out three of all the toppings available ( I miss out on the cheese steak, person before me grab the last 8 slices). I was a little bum I couldn't get my cheese steak slices. But the other ones are just as good. Matter of fact the smell was calling me on my drive home. I could resist the call I took down two slice during my drive home. The crust is crisp on the bottom. Light and airy center with just enough chew to it. Topping is fresh, sauce or gravy as they call it back in the old days is herby with just enough tartness. Their item list struck a little because of the pandemic. But they still got great bread rolls for sale. You could buy it loose or bundle. How ever you want and you will be greet with South Philly love. 
You guys gotta stop by and grab a few slice. Guarantee you won't regret it. Plus it could your way of supporting local businesses. Fast food chains will survive because of corporate and their companies. But locals may not make it out of these tough times. A lot of them might not comeback. And I've already seen and heard a lot of local businesses already shutdown for good during this pandemic. So I'm doing my part to support my favorite spots. Don't worry KFC, McDonald, Wendy's, and Taco Bell will still be around after this. But local small businesses like this one maybe gone if they don't get some of our support. 
Plus 12 slices for under $15 bucks!! At most pizzeria you can only get a single topping small or medium pizza. These 12 slices is equivalent to a large pie. Can't beat that. So please when you get a chance go support your local small businesses. They need us more than ever. I know everyone is tight in the pockets now. But once a week would help them a lot.