I had an excellent latte here a couple weeks ago. I like that there are multiple seating areas so it's easy to find a spot that suits one's needs (reading vs. studying vs. people-watching). Conveniently located by a lot of tourist spots but seems to draw a mostly local crowd. Nice staff and good (not too loud) music playing.I wanted to like this place so badly. The first time my boyfriend and I were there, they treated us so nice. But the second time, they were extremely rude and we've never gone back. They talked about us behind our backs at the counter. They told us to put our food we brought away, in front of everyone, embarrassing us. And they made it a point to make an example out of us. Not only is this bad customer service, but how and why would a human treat another human like that?? Don't go here unless you want to be judged by the staff. Oh, and the woman who is the owner was the one who did all of this. Not a place I want to be at ever again.This place has changed hands so many times over the years - I think it has caused the service to go downhill. One time the woman behind the counter wouldn't take my card as payment because it was below the $3.00 limit, and I had no cash on me so I had to walk out. They told me to go to an ATM and withdrawal $$!!! Very bad experience - but the location is convenient and wifi is nice touch too. Have the goateed guy with the big biceps wait on you. Very nice dude!I feel bad for not trying Cafe Twelve earlier. I used to pass by this cafe often but haven't checked out the place til about a month ago. 
First of all, the coffee is amazing. Their lattes (I tried two specials-the pumpkin and another one which I can't remember the exact name but I think almond or hazelnut + honey latte was it) are the bomb. You can taste the perfect sweetness, the soothing milk and foam, and perfect hint of coffee blend. I really recommend their lattes. I also once got the espresso + coffee  (not the americano which is espresso + Water) and if you are in desperate need for caffeine (and can handle that much of it), I really recommend this too. It was so dark in a good way, if you like dark strong coffee, try it out! 
Second of all, I haven't tried their food and Cafe Twelve seems to have a variety  of food and pastries. I didn't see many types of cookies however. 
Third, free wifi and good music. It's a perfect place to study or get your work done. There are outlets here and there so it's not that hard to charge your laptops either. 
Last, the service is really great. The barista and cashier are all so kind and careful with taking orders and making the coffee. It's not like Starbucks for example where you have to wait against the wall as you listen for your name to be yelled out (trust me i love Starbucks  too..). Here at Cafe Twelve, you can go sit back at your table and wait in the calm/quiet area. You don't have to be worried about someone else accidentally pickin up your drink. 
I really recommend this cafe and love going here.This place has gradually gotten better every time I go.
-barista was friendly
-their menu is informative for the coffee illiterate
-they have delicious breakfast sandwiches
-they support local artists
-their open space concept allows natural light to come through, which is my strong personal preference
-they take credit card
Last visit: I got their turkey sausage, egg & cheese on an everything bagel breakfast sandwich. The bagel was perfectly toasted, the cheese deliciously melted & the turkey sausage was fully cooked. They also cut it in half which makes it easier to eat. I was in and out under 5 minutes, which made my morning commute easier !I live really close to Cafe Twelve and would occasionally come in just because I felt guilty choosing Starbucks down the street over a locally-owned place. THEN, they switched owners and I have been back multiple times. The small updates they made have made a big difference and most of all, the quality of the coffee and service is more reliable.The reason why they're different than other coffee shops I've been to in Washington Square West is because the staff would converse with you.  Instead of giving you the coffee and rushing you out by saying "next please! what can I get you?", the people who work here would spend some time to ask how your day is.
Tip:  Sit outside if the weather is nice!  It's a great place to people watch (it's located right next to the gym - if you know what I mean ;p)  On a serious note, the location is great to relax and take a break when you need it.  Also, I LOVE the espresso because it is strong and concentrated which I rarely get in other coffee shops!Coffee doesn't stand out to me, its not bold at all I would classify their coffee as a light to medium roast which is OK if you're looking for a cup of coffee in the afternoon. I need my coffee to be strong in the morning. They do make a mean bacon egg and cheese sandwich, make sure you get it on the baguette versus the bagel. 
I like the atmosphere a lot though, its a great place for students and if you want to get out a book and read and people watch.Stopped in here for a quick bite to eat during Outfest yesterday. It was a nice, pleasant break from the crowds. I didn't get a coffee, but the hummus wrap was crazy good, and the staff was pleasant, friendly and expedient!  I didn't stay to eat, took it to go so i can't comment much on the atmosphere, but I would definitely go back.cafe twelve is the least gay coffee shop that's occupied this space, and also not a chain (AFAIK.) it's still gay enough that i get eyed up and down on my way to the rest room in the back, and get my yelp discount bumped up from 5% to 10%. i'm an attention whore so that works for me. go cafe twelve!!Typical coffee shop evaluation criteria: coffee, baked goods, and seating & wifi.
Seating & Wifi - I went here on a Saturday morning and there was plenty of seating. I like how they have some seating by the side walk, especially when the weather is still nice. I don't know what the deal is for wifi, I didn't actually bring my computer over.
Baked goods - limited selection, but that's understandable for a coffee shop. However, I do expect the limited selection to be on the 'decent' to 'pretty good' side. I got a chocolate croissant, it was stale, mediocre.
Coffee - got a latte, it was pretty good. 
I'll probably check it out again, maybe I'll try getting some work done one of these days. That's all.So I'm sitting here at Cafe Twelve as I'm writing this review. I had to stop my studying to write this b/c I absolutely love this place and am regretting for not coming back so often. 
So today, the music volume is on max, which I wish they would tune it down a little bit.. but it's okay cuz the music they play here is so awesome. They have a mix of ...indian music..house/elec.. rock.. and just a bunch of randomness. But let me just say the house music they play is so good. I was bobbing my head as I was studying haha
And! the cafe milano (almond + vanilla + mocha) w/ soy milk is sooooo good. It obviously has the sweetness added but it surprisingly has the bitterness of coffee too. I thought the different types of syrup would overpower the espresso but not at all! I love the coffee here b/c it's not the typical special lattes that you taste at Starbucks or other cafes. I will def come back soon :)I wandered into Cafe Twelve today after seeking a non-crowded coffeehouse place to linger on a Sunday afternoon. Casual, comfortable, and equipped with free wi-fi, I figured my basic needs would be met. Well, that was about the case here.
A generous amount of seating, though the front of the cafe is much brighter than the back. Great community place to people-watch in the Gayborhood if you snag a table near the big windows. Coffee was relatively inexpensive, not bad but not great either.
Overall it was a decent experience, but unfortunately nothing really stood out as outstanding. Since it's not in my neighbourhood, the chances of me returning are pretty slim to none.Love the cafe, love the ambiance,  good food and comfy ambiance.  I'm going back!Terrible coffee. I had the Red Eye which tasted like burnt charcoal. My wife describes her Raspberry Mocha Vanilla Hot Latte as undrinkably sweet. Nice service though.In the heart of the Gayborhood is Cafe Twelve.
Plenty of comfy chairs, cafe tables - big windows that open in warmer weather and most importanly - top quality coffee drinks.
I had a cafe au lait (made with brewed coffee - not espresso) and it was smooth and delicious.
Super nice guys running the place, too. - And 2 fairly clean restrooms.
I'll be back!Five stars for great drinks, yummy breakfast sammies, and the fact that they're very supportive of the patient escorts at Planned Parenthood! Thanks for bringing us coffee, tea, and cocoa during the very cold winter!I wanted to update my review for this cafe. Their skim latte is hot, rich and creamy (just like I like my men, lol). The service was much improved and the music was appropriate and at a comfortable listening level. Kudos Cafe Twelve.Just happened to wander by this place, and am happy we did. Friendly service, comfy chairs in the back, and food and beverage wise:
4 stars for the cinnamon muffin
4 stars for their sweet chai latte
The sticky buns looked great ...Gottal love local spots that go the extra mile. This is cafe twelve. 
Friendly service, awesome coffee and espresso drinks, plus friendly folks make this a hit in my book.
Turkey, Brie & Granny Smith Apples with fig spread sandwich was hittin hard!It's not often that I get more looks from guys than my wife does, but at Cafe Twelve I sure did...and with a great cappuccino to boot.  Make no mistake, this coffee shop is gay, no super-gay.  As it so happens, they also make a very decent cappuccino.  The atmosphere is wonderful, perfect for hours of studying--on a warm summer's day you'd be hard-pressed to find a better coffee shop anywhere in the city.  12th Street is both quite a bit quieter than the blocks near it as well as in the heart of Philly's colorful Gayborhood (hint: it's virtually next door to the 12th Street Gym).  The seating just inside the huge front windows (which are large enough to be completely opened and walked through) is great for studying and are generally paired with adequate outlet-coverage for laptops, as is the seating along the wall and in back.  While there I only sampled their two different types of cappuccinos; the "Italian" and the "American." They were both delicious and the main difference between the two seemed to be Italian=less froth, American=more froth.  I preferred the former but again liked them both.
Cafe Twelve is a great place to go on a warm and sunny day to enjoy the sunshine, study with a good cup of coffee, and if it's your thing, watch the man-candy stroll by.  Caution: if you're a guy that gets creeped out when other guys constantly check you out like you're a piece of meat, then don't bother going here.  However, if you don't mind or couldn't care less, then I'd definitely recommend Cafe Twelve for a stop.The new owners have adopted a concept that all the previous owners never were able to. Friendly service. They listen to the customer and they deliver
 Bravo. This is the reviewing stand for the gay gym next door.  Sit and watch all the boys run in pre/post workout. Always full of people willing to strike up a conversation.Ordered a dirty chai with steamed soy milk. Walked around the block, took a few sips, and walked right back to the cafe. The drink was lukewarm and tasted sour. Barista refused to refund the drink because they can't refund drinks based on taste preference. Wonder how many people complained about their product quality for them to institute this policy.Neat little joint just enough out of the noise of center city. It's quiet, the service is quick, and the drinks are fab. It's intimate and easy going; perfect for socializing and perhaps meeting someone new. Sidewalk dining gets 5 stars too.semi- reliable or not, espresso stop when visiting the Gayborhood. Only thing is no matter when I visit this shop, the bathroom is usually uncleanly and thus the three star rating. Also, I think it was much better coffeehouse , when it was Millennium coffeehouse (before it was Brew Ha Ha). The ambience was much preferred and I would frequent the establishment more often. Sometimes, it's hit or miss, depending who is working and if they are tired from the night before. When we stopped by today, it was miss. The Caffe Americano was weak tasting even though I asked for less water. My friends Espresso Macchiato was heavy, although she asked for extra foam (not milk). Guess we will stop again when in the Gayborhood....if we want coffee....I just had a tasty bagel and the most delicious cup of coffee! The staff was friendly and the music is good but not overwhelming. This just started my vacation day off right.Minus a full star for charging $2 for a small regular drip coffee and $2.50 for a small mug for staying in house. Refills are $1
By comparison, the "over-priced" Starbucks is $1.75 (1.80 with higher city taxes) for a small. Same price for a mug to stay in house. Refills are 50 cents. Free if using a registered Starbucks card. 
Why do I care? Because drip coffee is the most consumed, and my beverage of choice especially when studying or reading for some amount if time. And overpriced drip is an abomination. 
Ok so after all if that, how was the coffee you demand of me:
     Good. Not great. But good. Hot, not burned, but the dark has that chicory chocolate flavor people despise Starbucks tasting of. 
Bonus points for having Whole Milk at the sugar and milk area. Far too many places have removed that option. 
The food: not bad. The grilled cheese comes in an interesting multi-grain like square bread. No white bread here! You can do add ons that are $2 each, taking the price to 8.50. 
The cookies are GIANT and fairly priced at $2.25. 
The shop itself is cozy and inviting. The music isn't loud, the conversations aren't loud either. The front tables are Parisian cafe styled and the back has leather chairs and couches. 
That said, the chairs have flattened out in cousins and need fixing. 
Be fairly warned it can get crowded at peak use times. The staff was friendly and inviting when I went. 
I do like the place and it gets stars for all the other reasons. It's just that the cost for general drop coffee is just.... Not right.Love this café! Every employee is friendly and welcoming with a smile. Not only does the café have the standard table and chairs but has lounge chairs and sofas/couches. Which make it more comfortable atmosphere.Very happy with my experience here.  I ordered a cafe au lait and had the option of choosing between soy milk & almond milk for my milk substitute.  I don't know of anywhere else that has almond milk.  My drink was made promptly, the cafe wasn't crowded, the chairs were comfortable, the music was relaxing, and the baristas kind & happy.  I will come back & figure out the wifi.
They accept LevelUp for paymentI walked in at 8:15-- no line. Meanwhile Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts was piz-zacked! People, buy your coffee from these little coffee shops instead of the huge-azz establishments!! 
The atmosphere is great, very cute. There were stylish older-ish couples sharing cranberry orange muffins and sipping on coffee and reading their newspapers. That made me happy.
The house coffee I got was strong, a little on the bitter side.Although I just came in for a cup of tea, I settled on the white peach ginger and it did the trick on a cold Friday evening.  The seating area towards the back of the shop was comfortable and was right next to an expansive library of reading materials, though I was just fine with the book I had brought with me.  I had just had a huge dinner so I wasn't in the mood for any of their baked goods, but a ginormous chocolate chip cookie caught my eye, so that's something to keep in mind for my next visit.  By the way, thanks for the sandwich recommendation, Emily G!Was here for a few hours recently. Really attractive interior, good chai latte, decent amount/variety of seating, friendly baristas. Only 4 stars because the one barista's singing was a little distracting. Will be back regularlyFree Wifi but the Italian cappuccino was not made correctly: it was a bitter/burnt latte. Fine for pleasant cafe but not recommended for coffee connoisseurs.one of my first coffee shop discoveries in philadelphia, coming from sf and from western europe, where many cafes are "concepts", i must admit that this place has a lot more potential to it. the staff are quite friendly and charming, which is obviously great, however the layout can be improved, the high ceilings are a plus, specially if the furniture is selected more carefully. the actual coffees are fine, nothing exceptional though. perhaps the major issue in my humble opinion regarding this place, it the poor selection of music. in fact it's not about selection, perhaps about the lack of selection. there seems to be a monotonous, overwhelming and painful sting of musac, that depletes one's vital energy quite readily. I'm nor quite sure why the musac, the staff seem in touch with reality and contemporary trends, so I find it a bit surprising that the music isn't better. Perhaps a suggestion box regarding acoustics ought to be implemented. 
The other major issue is the loo, it's spacious and again with a lot of potential, it's however unkempt, filthy at times, and quite horridly with a dysfunctional lock, you see it happen all the time, someone accidentally walking into the occupied toilet, with a high pitched squeal from a horrified client inside.... I'm not a handyman, but surely a standard bolt ought to be a reasonable solution? 
I'd like to see this lovely place improve.If you liked Brew Ha Ha, this is basically the same exact place with a different name...same signs, same seats, almost same everything. 
There is a good amount of seating in here, but I guarantee you it'll be hard to find a spot because it's still a neighborhood hustlin' and bustlin' with activity and the coffee shops fill up fast. Otherwise, this is a nice quiet spot where I can get some reading down and the employees are nice and helpful. Price is a little more expensive than usual but this isn't dunkin donuts. 
I guess this is the sort of place that nothing jumps out as AMAZING, but sometimes a comfortable place you're used to where you know you'll run into no problems is just the sort of place I like to be on a quiet afternoon.Once upon a time I was out and about in the city of Philadelphia for a lovely, warm spring afternoon. I made frequent stops along the way, Cafe Twelve, one of my favorite places to go for coffee and reading, being one. Upon going back home, I quickly realized something was amiss: my wallet had left my back pocket!!!!
After spending the rest of the evening retracing all of my steps in the city, stopping at EVERY place and locale I had visited, much to my anxiety and sadness, my wallet could not be located. The next day, I was called by one of the workers at Cafe Twelve. My wallet had, evidently, fallen out in their store and was hidden from view from underneath one of their couches! To top it off, all of the contents from my wallet were intact.
If that isn't quality customer service, I don't know what is. Oh, yeah. And their coffee is good! Seriously. I recommend their seasonal flavored lattes/cappu-/mocha-ccino's. Very flavorful. The staff, no matter who is working their, is ALWAYS friendly and positive. The atmosphere takes the cake. Quaint: not small enough to feel congested, not large enough to generate a large crowd; just right. The couches in the back are the best part! Away from the crowded front area for chit-chat with friends.
A++Decently priced cup of Joe, friendly staff, fast service, free wifi, and a French feel. Quiet enough to get work done but enough of a scene to keep you entertained. Trendy little spot.coffee is not bad and the spot is convenient but the food is terrible and service is meh at best.
good stop for a quick coffee break but not more than that.Great pit stop for a quick wifi check when I'm traveling in Philly. The coffee is perfectly decent and the atmosphere quiet enough that it's ok to get some work done there for a bit.
If only the staff could be a little nicer, then it'd be a great coffee shop, but because they're just barely smiling, it's only an A-OK coffee shop...Pluses: good array of teas, including ready-to-go iced green tea (seems to alternate daily between cherry and acai berry flavored - both delicious and refreshing.)  The turkey/apple/brie/fig jam sandwich is excellent.  
Minuses: Service can be a bit on the slow side and there's no good place to stand if you're waiting for a to-go order.Went in here for coffee with friends. Great atmosphere, patrons and staff were super friendly. My party was very happy with their drinks (and coffee cake).  I'd say avoid if you're a big party (there were 6 of us and we took up a lot of their seating, I felt kind of bad), but solo or with only a few folks, I'd definitely go back and sit around, enjoying a nice cup of coffee in a relaxing atmosphere.Amazing food. I'd recommend getting the Turkey and Brie sandwich that comes with slices of granny smith apples and fig spread. To-die-for. 
It's a perfect spot for people-watching in the gayborhood. There's a gym right next door, so you'll see ripped men walk by often. They have a good amount of outdoor seating and with the front door open, a good breeze comes inside too. 
As far as coffee shops go, this one's a no-brainer.Nice eclectic cafe in town. Lots of options to sit inside or outside.  Barista really friendly for a first time visitor.I visited Cafe Twelve for the first time today and found a decent place in the Gayborhood to grab a cup of coffee and have a quiet conversation.  The layout is long and narrow, with a quieter nook in the back where the reading environment seemed optimal.  The coffee was good, but nothing to write home about, and the prices were a little high in regards to the food, but what you might expect.  If I am ever in the area again and need to take a load off, I'd stop in.  However, I wouldn't seek it out for any particular reason.  I did find all the gay men over 50 staring at me somewhat unnerving, but being a young gay man myself, I might find myself in their position in a couple decades.Had the cold brew and Americano here before. I like the space and area to study or hang with a group of friends. The baristas are super-friendly. But I'm giving Cafe Twelve 3 stars because I think it's just okay. The Americano was deep and rich, as an Americano should be, but I did not taste fresh coffee bean flavors. The cold brew had a slight bitterness to it that made me think the beans may not be fresh. I prefer a smoother, lighter cold brew. But then again I drink my coffee black. I heard good things about the mocha here though. I am not writing Cafe Twelve off yet; next time gotta try the mixed drinks.This is 100% the best coffee shop I've been to in Philadelphia, and I'm so happy that this gets to be my 400th review on this site.
The open air coffee shop concept has always been my absolute favorite, and I don't really know of any other coffee shop in Philadelphia that has this. It is absolutely beautiful. Fresh air, beautiful seating options, pretty decor, and an awesome selection of food/smoothies/baked goods/coffees.
Wifi works well. Will 100% be back.While in Philly visiting I went out in search of coffee and breakfast. Fortunately I found Cafe Twelve in a sea of Starbucks popping up on Yelp. I'm all about supporting the indie coffee shops.
Cappuccino was creamy good. So so much better than some chains automatic robot machine cranking out "espresso".  For breakfast I had a bagel sandwich which did the trick.  
This was Sunday so it was nice that it was quiet and I could take over a small table and chill. Must be nice in the Spring with the big glass doors swung open.
If there was anything I'd knock them for... Not a gripe but more of a suggestion to the shop... Would be nice to have some other breakfast options like oatmeal, yogurt, fruit salad.  Beyond that, love this place.
Oh, the barista and the cashier were super nice. You don't see that every day at an indie coffee shop.I really like this little cafe. Diverse clientele, gay and bitchy baristas, plenty of chairs, tables, wifi squatters, students and a slew of characters come in throughout the day, although the hottest ones come in between the hours of 4-6pm. 
Their drinks are alright, the food is standard to fair. The wilted salad on the demo sandwich may foretell the fare, but I'm not crying. I like the free wifi, dirty chats and work I get done here. Feels like a community is here, much like in weho. Like the vibe and in the middle of rainbow-marked street signs. Honey, you've arrived.The pumpkin latte is a subtle taste, not too sugary which is a huge plus, but definately not the pumpkin latte flavor that you'd expect from a more corporate place such as Starbucks. 
The overall atmosphere is very nice, great place to study! 
Overall though, I was not super impressed with their drinks.Good coffee and cookies. However I was looking for a quiet place to study and the barista spent the entire afternoon whistling loudly, singing and stomping. She was disruptive and took away from my experience. Also despite that it was a very cold day, the heat was not turned on and the place was overall dark and damp. In the end, I would say this place is good to grab a coffee but don't plan on staying awhile.I love Cafe Twelve! If I'm getting a tea or hot chocolate on my way somewhere, I try to stop here instead of one of the big chains in the city. The flavored chai tea lattes are fantastic. I've also stopped by for a bagel in the morning. On a nice day, they completely open the window wall in the front and you get a nice breeze with your coffee smell and your people watching. Everyone who works here is always super friendly.
Nice little corner spot to get some caffeine and relax!I like my coffee strong and can most likely consider myself a coffee snob. This isn't my top neighborhood coffee place BUT it's definitely a spot I would recommend. I have brought out-of-town friends here before, as well. 
The space is perfect for people watching, very relaxed (for groups or individuals just looking for quiet time to study). Very nice service and clean (despite of its rustic grungy feel). It is inexpensive coffee and just an overall, good experience. 
I would recommend any coffee option on their list.I love the atmosphere, hot chocolate, iced teas, & the free wifi. The guy with curly reddish hair is awesomeI haven't had any meals here but I bought a coffee and cookie. Both were amazing. I just had a cookie at Au Bon Pain and it was nothing compared to this. Thank God. I was sent to cookie heaven.
As far as the environment, it was cramped, there was maybe only one spot to sit, if I would have sat there the other customers in line would have been out of seating, yet this isn't necessarily a bad thing. Being busy is good. 
The music was kinda nice but a little bit on the jazzy, swanky side. I felt super swanky but it was relaxing. I'm more of a fan of the low-fi punkish coffee shop, or the dark romantic coffee shop, this was swanky and packed.
I didn't take size in to account with my review because it seems from the pictures here they can open the front windows and expand their space. Why they didn't do that when I was there?  I'm not sure.This is a good spot if you're looking for a well-made coffee and a nice place to sit and study or chat for a while. The sandwiches are blah, so don't bother with those. Everyone liked this place better when it was Brew Ha Ha, but alas. It's still a great option for those who want to have a coffee in a place that incorporates a lot of the general coziness and camaraderie of the Gayborhood.Stopped in here yesterday to take an interview. This is really a great little cafe. The baristas were friendly, the location is extremely convenient, decor is right (typical informal coffee house), music was downtempo, wifi was fast, and the place was lively, though seats were available as needed. Regarding the drinks, I ended up getting a latte to avoid cash, and it was good as expected.Few local coffeehouses that are or seem independent mean that Cafe Twelve has an opportunity to carve a niche clientele, and they surely have.  This location has gone through various permutations, and I must say that the current ownership and management does it pitch-perfect.  As a gay man, I feel incredibly comfortable being candid in my conversations or showing affection.  In addition, Cafe Twelve routinely displays the work of local artists supporting our arts and culture scene in Philadelphia.
The prices are comparable to other locations, but the atmosphere and friendly staff make this place a must-go for caffeine lovers and those wishing to enjoy the best of the Gayborhood in a casual, friendly, non-alcoholic environment.  I fully recommend sitting here for hours doing crosswords, enjoying conversation, reading, working,or simply taking in people watching.Few weeks back I would have recommended this cafe to others, and would have given it four out of five stars. I especially love their breakfast/lunch sandwiches and their pastries are rich and decadent. I love the fact that it is roomy as well.
However, today I will have to give this place three stars because 1) they didn't know what Yelp check-in is and that they had a promotion going on for checking in (the cashier asked, "is this for real?") 2) their espresso tastes burnt (bleh). It is either they use smokier tasting espresso beans or the barista inadvertently burnt the espresso. Either way, not a fan. 
Hence, three stars. Because the location is so ideal, I anticipate revisiting sometime in the future -- will see if I can edit this review in the future!It *is* pretty much the same as when it was BrewHaHa except you should note that it's a new owner. There is a decidedly less gay friendly atmosphere IMHO, starting with the unnecessary addition of gender signs on the restrooms and continuing on in the overall vibe.Oh I say!  I love Cafe Twelve.  Been coming to this same location through its various incarnations and it's always a pleasure.  The staff is always friendly and reliable.  
I love to come here and get lost in a good book and a Chai Latte and there are always the most adorable gay boys prancing about.  
The sandwiches are nice as well, I don't usually eat here but the few times I have everything was great.Their lattes are the best I've ever had! The breakfast bagels are also excellent. They have that "homemade" taste to them. Atmosphere is more relaxed than chain coffee shops. This is my go-to coffee shop, I suggest it to everyone.decent drinks, average service. 
I dunno... this place reminds me of a bad 90's movie. not that great for people watching unless it's nice outside and there's a table. 
don't work too hard to come here... the payoff might not be worth it.After frequenting this shop for many years through different owner's and such, I have to say that the most recent installment is unfortunately lacking in attention to the basics that should be tied into any cafe, restaurant, or retail establishment. I have to say that some of that staff here should be commended as they are thoughtful and attentive, courteous, friendly and they never hesitate to bend to the customers needs with in reason to what they can achieve according to their position. 
The management though does seem to need some serious help when paying attention to the appearance and cleanliness of the restrooms of which only one is operation and has been for quite sometime. Additionally on two separate occasions I and other patrons have watched as a large cock roach scampered across the floor. While on another occasion there was a mouse spotted near the entrance.
In addition to cleanliness standards, though there is a hand written sign advertising "free wifi" the wifi signal is consistently weak and consistently cuts off completely on several occasions with in about a 1-2 hour period of time. This is unacceptable really in the 21st century. In saying that as well there is a lack of electrical outlets placed strategically around the shop at times preventing patrons from being able to enjoy what wifi service there is.
I hope that this place improves as it is an installment in one of the premier neighborhoods in Philadelphia. I hope as well that these issues become a priority matter so that this shop can not only serve as a convenient alternative but yet a shop that I and other patrons desire to go to.Cafe Twelve earns a solid 4 stars as a place to treat myself to a REALLY good cup of coffee.  The diverse staff is always friendly, and fairly efficient when it comes to taking and prepping orders.  The prices are reasonable, and as I mentioned, they make REALLY good coffee.  Their regular brewed coffee is always solid, and their espresso drinks are head and shoulders above Starbucks.  The baristas also possess the rare ability to add "just a very little bit" of flavored syrup if that is what you ask for.
I live so close that I never have an occasion to sit-in, and always get my drinks to-go.  As such, I can't comment on the WiFi or bathroom situation.  However, I have always dug the house music selections and comfy, laid-back vibe going on while I wait for my beverages.Reincarnated from Brew Ha Ha!, Cafe Twelve is pretty much the same as before. Located right next to 12th Street Gym, the coffee shop is the prime location for gym bunnies to get caffeinated or extra boost before and after their workouts and muscles admirers alike to seat in their outdoor section to see and be seen. 
The selection of drinks are quite standard. The menu remains to be the Brew Ha Ha! one, which contains your regular coffee/lattes, teas, hot chocolate, juices, mineral water, Italian sodas, etc. Nothing too unconventional. There are also scones, coffee cakes and other pastries available to accompany your drinks. 
The store is on the smaller side but the decor is cute and nicely decorated. I do love their big comfy couch area at the back, it's quite welcoming. There are a certain attitude associate with establishments in the gay section of almost every city and you can feel it here from the patrons as well as the hipster servers. My friend just got his cell phone stolen here by other people sitting nearby, so do watch your belongings.More like a 3.5.
Typical coffee shop. It is a bit cramped as the room is more long than wide. I had a sausage, egg, and cheese sandwich on a crossant which was pretty good. Nothing really special about this place though. 
Lattes are decent. Service is friendly.Great little neighborhood place to hang out, get some tasty coffee and nosh, hang out on the wifi and people watch. Friendly staff too.
But if I've got one criticism of this place, it's the cheesy soft-jazz muzak they play here. It makes me feel like I'm on hold with my bank. Come on, Cafe Twelve, you're in the heart of the Gayborhood -- play some music that's so-bad-it's-good, not so-bad-it's-bad!!I give it a Twelve.  There is rarely a line, and when there is, it moves quickly.  The coffee is awesome and fresh, the food is hand made and delicious, and there are plenty of outlets and free wireless for those of us that get separation anxiety if we don't have our computers with us at all times.  
As I said, the food is delicious, but I need to tip my imaginary hat to whoever came up with the Turkey, brie, granny smith apple, and fig jelly on a 9 grain roll.  Best sandwich of my life.  And I've had a fair few sandwiches.  When I found out I was allergic to gluten, I shed real life sized tears while mourning that taste explosion.Only stopped in for tea but location is very clean and ample. 
Staff is friendly and their menu seemed good albeit a little pricy for things like cookies and bagels.I like Cafe Twelve.  Though my opinion varies on which barista is here, and so does the quality of what I get.  
I like extra dry skim cappuccinos.  Yes, that's finicky, and I get that. I don't fuss as long as I get a cappuccino that's potable, but I'm very happy when someone can fulfill my request.  The barista with the curly reddish-brown hair that acts like he'd be in a karaoke bar belting Streisand can really deliver a good drink.  I really like him being my barista. 
The other baristas have a lot of issues with keeping a line moving, and I haven't had as good of coffee from them.  They have also had a tendency to give me chipped mugs when I get coffee.
As for the ambience, it's a really cute place, and the first grouping of seating has a great luxury of sunlight coming through the windows and I love it. They will open the windows when it is spring and fall and it will be really wonderful, though sometimes you can see sketchy things happening in the alleyway nearby. Do not be surprised if you see the police drive by and break up a drug deal happening in the alley. I wasn't. It's Philly. Get over it.
You also might find nice smart alternative gay men that are very friendly. Not in the cruisy way, but a nice snarky comment one to another. It's nice to have that. It's a good thing.
Also, if you are an under 30 guy and you cannot deal with a silver daddy semi-creepsters raping you with their eyes, don't come here. It will happen. No questions. They're polite though and don't bother you. Just take the compliment and move on. And drink your nice coffee from the Broadway-barista.Great spot to people-watch in the gayborhood, but the coffee is just "a-ok" for me. I like my brew bold and strong, and have ordered red eyes here to make up for the coffee... But still no kick or punch.
Tons of seating, super high ceilings, chill music, and pastries to boot. Not bad but not great either. Polite service.This place is awesome for quiet conversation. Very comfortable. Frank Sinatra in the background. They were out of some of the non-caffeinated beverages. However the orange juice was great.  I recommended strongly for a pleasant place to chat.Phenomenal gingerbread coffee!  Taste homemade, yummy!  They also had delicious homemade apple cinnamon hand pies.  
A little chilly near the windows but it is a good spot for people watching.  
5 stars for my gingerbread latte.Sitting in cafe 12 right now and beIng totally irritated by the horrible music! The latte was good the service was nice but BLAST THIS @$&:@  MUSIC!!! The only reason I'm here is cuz Spruce Street Espresso is closed for renovations. BULLOCKS!Great coffee, friendly staff.  60-70% gay clientelle, some of them can seem a bit "stuck up"  i think it's just that we're not used to seeing each other in a "well lit" space. LOL  Just grab your drink, get some food, or pastry and find a good place to sit.  I've actually connected a couple of times here which led to a date.  Everyone shares the space in a nice way.  I like this place a lot.  For years (as Millenium) they had terrible coffee.  The coffee is really tasty now.  Yum!!Nice calming atmosphere, playing instrumentals. Many students and business persons zoning out to their own demise. Also has a group a brainstorming area with soft couches and love seats and tables.
Coffee is nicely bold and smooth, I drink my drip coffee black. The food is amazing.  The quality to price ratio is 3:1.Being a UK transplants via SF and other places; I have been a customer to this cafe for quite a bit so far.
Though the location is prime, and the ceilings are high and the overall potential of the place is exquisite, unfortunately the service and maintenance of the place is substandard. It seems that investing in matters that, I, from having visited thousands of cafes all over the world, consider basic, is not a priority here. Here are the main concerns. Before I list them, I would like to clarify that this is an attempt to provide constructive feedback about a coffee shop with enormous potential. A dear friend of mine, was able to erect from a rather neglected East London warehouse one of the trendiest cafes at the moment. They even have story-telling events, book-reading events, and a long etc. This very cafe, has a long way to go, before it can explore expanding its services in the way Tom's coffee shop in London has.
One of the main deficits of Cafe Twelve is its abysmal WiFi service. It constantly disconnects. We are talking, about 4-5 disconnections in the interval of consuming a latte while writing a paper or reading the news. This is utterly unsatisfactory; the owners have been politely informed about this; and although they willingly (most of the time) reset the router, it's not long before it disconnects again. It's 2012, we live in a digital era, investing in a router that can cope with multiple connections is economically feasible and quite honestly mandatory. Being disconnected in the middle of downloading a PDF for a paper is not just annoying, but interrupting and time wasting. 
In my first review, I commented on the awful cheap supermarket-like Muzac being played. That has improved, and they now use Pandora; bravo! However streaming Pandora consumes significant bandwidth, which the primitive domestic router cannot cope with, meaning, that the frequency of WiFi disconnecting has increased to intolerable levels.
The state, hygiene, and overall state of the loos remains an issue, although there are two of them, only one is open. Investing in better water taps, that increase the pressure of water so one can wash his/her hands post urination/defecation or even post croissant consuming, is important. Additionally on two different occasions there has been a noticeable house flies, also cock roaches spotted on the cafe floor, and finally a mouse spotted near the entrance.
There are other things that can be very much improved, but I think dealing with the basics are not only important but completely necessary when running any business let alone a business that deals customers directly such as a restaurant, cafe or, retail establishment. My opinion is shared by my partner and other friends, who are faithful clients to this place.
To be honest, we believe that one of the reasons, why people keep on coming here, is because of the spectacular and strategic location of which this management team had nothing strategically to do with. It's a shame, as the place has gorgeous bones, and improving it is not rocket science. It involves quite simply a level of awareness and general care about your investment, which includes but is not limited your customers.
Honestly hope this help to continue to guide the potential success of this establishment.Went here for the first time in years (I'm pretty sure it had a different name). The barista was so awesome I actually though about yelping specifically about how nice and charming he was- and then later I saw him on the street and he said hi and was super friendly.
The whole atmosphere of Cafe twelve is really friendly and inviting. All the customers were quietly reading and having nice relaxed afternoon conversations. Def making it the coffee shop I go to in Center City.Cafe 12 is right around the corner from where I work, so it's a definite go to for me during the day when I need a little jolt.  There is ample seating for a cafe in both the front and back of the cafe, the staff is always polite, and the coffee is tasty and served quickly.A couple years ago, I rated this place five stars. Sadly, that's no longer the case. Since being bought a month ago, this place has gone from good to bad to awful. There is no music playing anymore, almost all specialty drinks are gone, the cafe (in a prime location in Center City) now closes at 7 pm, and the espresso is so bitter that I actually threw my mocha away tonight. Touting the politics of your new coffee is irrelevant when it tastes like swill. The last thing Center City needs is another cold, stark coffee house with a generic menu, bad hours, and even worse coffee.