After a long walk in the Wissahickon on one of the first nice spring mornings, I went to Cafette for brunch. Set back from the main action on G'town Avenue in Chestnut Hill, we parked right in front, and the place almost looked cold. Once inside, it was bright, airy, and busy - but just with a 10 minute wait. By the time we left around noon, there were several open tables. 
There was piping hot coffee right away, with several refills. I browsed several vegetarian choices, and ended up getting the "Senor Miguel's" tofu scramble, which was a delicious mix of peppers, onions, tomato, and spinach in the tofu. I love cooked tomatoes, and this was a real treat. The dish came with a small portion of roasted potatoes and two pieces of thick toast (the waiter confirmed butter was okay - good news for vegans!). I would have liked a few more potatoes and a little less tofu, but I left satisfied. 
My dining partner selected the French toast, which was served with caramel sauce and syrup on the side. For those who like a sweet breakfast, this was good; uncomplicated and made with delicious bread, this was on the border between too plain and perfectly simple. 
Cafette had a relaxed atmosphere, with a simple and precise menu. I look forward to going back for lunch or dinner and sitting outside on a nice day. It may be a small struggle for me, though, to let go of my controlling nature and relax and just order the veggie special!I love the food at Cafette and have been there at least a half dozen times. They offer great, simple dishes that are delicious. I have never been disappointed with the food; however, today I was mortified by the service--a first--usually our server is the sweet blond woman and she's fantastic. Today a bus-girl kept trying to take our food while we were eating and then tried to pressure us to leave because she had a table of six coming. She then moved all these tables around when she could have just moved the stuff off our table to a neighboring one. We ended up having to move our table and I almost spilled my food/drink in the process. How rude! I hadn't even finished my orange juice when she tried to take it again. I am a slow eater, but I have never felt so rushed and had only been eating for ~20 minutes. She should not be treating her customers with such disrespect. After all, we do have other options for dining in the area. I wish I could give a three and a half star review because I was so disappointed by the service today.My wife and I went to this little quaint restaurant.  I had high hopes for the meal, based on reviews from friends.  However, I got food poisoning at this restaurant, and spent the next full day vomiting.   My wife also got sick, but to a lessor degree.   When I called the restaurant to complain, I was promised a call back from the manager.   When I did not hear back, I called two more times and was unable to get in touch with the manager (whose name is Heidi).   STAY AWAY unless you like to vomit.I really like this place, and I don't think of it often enough. It's like home style dining and real good cooking, in someone's cute backyard. I've never been disappointed by my selections, or those of others. I've only been in the summer, and I highly recommend the outdoor seating. It's quiet, quaint, and a lovely place to kill a bottle of wine or three.
I do think they have some of the most delicious mashed potatoes I have tasted, EVER. 
Also lemme tell you about the desserts. You should save room for dessert. Last week they had red velvet cake with cream cheese icing and fresh berries in between the layers. Srsly.I went to Cafette on a whim for a fairly late dinner on a rainy Saturday night with some friends and am already plotting my return. I have never yelped before, but the fact that no one had mentioned the crab cakes on here seemed like a crime. Maybe they aren't always on the menu or something?!! How could they not get any love?!! Anyway, I am a crab cake fiend so I had to order them, even though the pasta w/ mushrooms and vegan salisbury steaks also sounded good. Lucky for me my best friend and boyfriend ordered those two dishes, and my friend's boy got the steak (filet? i don't know meat, but it was a thick piece of red meat with mashed potatoes. i'm a quasi-vegetarian but i tried it and it was incredible). ANYWAY back to those crab cakes. Incredible. You could see the fresh vegetables cut up inside with the perfectly textured crab. They seemed to be pan-fried, not greasy at all, very light. DELICIOUS basil aioli with them. And a generous portion. I could only eat one because I had filled up on the bread that they serve with pesto/olive oil beforehand and my boyfriend's french onion soup (which always tastes amazing to me and this one didn't disappoint). 
The service was chill -- they weren't on top of us or ignoring us. I like how they warned us about a loud group in the front room. We didn't care at all about sitting near them but it was nice of them to consider the noise level for us. I want to go back to this place immediately to get the crab cakes again, and next time I go I will force people around me to get the pasta w/ mushrooms (super thin fetuccine-like pasta with spinach, pesto, goat cheese, parmesan -- not too heavy at all, just perfect for pasta and served with crispy bread) and the vegan salisbury steaks (lentil cakes served with sweet potatoes and green beans! the sweet potatoes especially were rockin, just ate the leftovers for lunch) because i like eating it ALL. as i said, i'm a quasi-vegetarian that eats fish and felt like i had solid options on the menu. however, it is a small menu. i like small menus, but i know some people do not. 
I live in center city and now want to move to chesnut hill. you can't find places that are this small and homey and chill and not crowded in center city. at least i can't anyway. help me please.
p.s. i also want to try the brunch. when i do i'll let you know how it goes.Went to Cafette for brunch and while the atmosphere was lovely, the food and service were just alright.  
I had the Omelette Lorraine, which came with toast and home fries.  The omelette was pretty good but needed more spinach (I love spinach!).  The toast was a multigrain bread that was tasty.  But the home fries lacked the punch that I normally prefer.  They were just potatoes on a plate.
The service wasn't very good either.  My boyfriend had to get a coffee refill from a different server, then our original server didn't even realize what happened.  We just didn't get a lot of attention. 
It was nice to go somewhere new and I love Chestnut Hill, but this probably won't be added to my list of regular brunch spots.Standard yuppie brunch fare. Good food, not amazing. Affordable, but slow service even when the place wasn't crowded.If you like to eat healthy fresh food outdoors this is the place for you.  We had a great lunch of salad and soup on the patio this afternoon, yum.
The service was ok, nothing special but the food came fast and was super tatsy.  Try the desserts, we had apple bread pudding and a fantastic blueberry pie (chock full of berries)
I highly reccomend this place for lunch.I had high hopes for my eggs Benedict when I went in for brunch on Sunday, and the end result was good but got lost in the poor service.  The woman at the table next to us had also ordered eggs benny and sent hers back with overlooked eggs.  Much to my surprise then when my poached eggs came out with a solid center as well! It took about 15 mins for a replacement, by which point my boyfriend had finished his French toast (which he said was delicious).   When I got my food it was great; I can tell they use quality ingredients.   After I had finished we had to wait some time for the check, which was a little disappointing since I would think once there was one service issue they would be quick to not make it two.  It probably wouldnt have been a big deal if not for the wait for the food.  Overall I would say this has great potential and might give it another try,but only once they get a new weekend cook!Nice brunch with plenty of gluten free options for me. Friendly staff. Our table wobbled and they happily moved us. Only complaint is how overpowering the scent from the diffuser was in the tiny bathroom. It set off my asthma. Please tone down a notch for those of us with scent problems.My wife and I love to visit Cafette for lunch when the stars are in alignment and we have a common day off.  We've been there a few times, each time for lunch, and we always eat in the garden area (haven't been there in the cold months yet).
The restaurant is located on a street running parallel to Germantown, where we have always found ample parking.
Each of my experiences has been positive. I generally order a sandwich (I really like their hoagies), so I have not delved too deep into the menu yet. I mainly give the 4 stars for the charming garden ambiance and good service.
I fully intend to come by one day for dinner. Will let you know how that goes. In the meantime, I would definitely recommend trying out Cafette for lunch on a nice day.If this place has a stereotypical customer, it's a late 40's NPR listening woman.  Located on a quiet residential street, the atmosphere is solidly "pleasant".  The food is on the light side with emphasis on salads, sandwiches and soup.  Probably two-thirds of the seating is outdoors.  Overall, a nice place, but probably not the best for a day when you have a big hearty appetite.I love the outdoor seating area and that it's BYOB but after my last experience with horrible service I will not be returning. 
We made a reservation and still had to wait 30 minutes for a table. Then once we were seated we waited another 15 for someone to come greet us and bring water and a bottle opener.... The rest of the night went the same way.  My husband had to get up and walk inside to get a steak knife after the waitress never returned the first time he asked (if someone's orders steak, they shouldn't have to ask for the knife....or chase a waiter down for one while their food gets cold.  It should be assumed!). 
On top of the poor service, the food is just "meh". They had fried chicken as a special and that was one of the highlights but the rest was forgettable.Short story: good food, but mediocre service. Our server wasn't rude, but she wasn't friendly either: she seemed spacy most of the time. She was attentive in the beginning, but seemed to vanish after she'd brought our food. She only refilled our beverages once, and never asked us how our entrees were, if we'd like anything else, or the other standard questions a server is supposed to ask. I had to hunt her down to get the check, and it took her ten minutes to box my leftovers. 
The food was delicious, though nothing spectacular. I had the lox and bagels. There was a lot of leaf lettuce and tomato on the side, which I think was there to fill out the plate. Maybe some people would like it, but lox doesn't need either. I also had a side of home fries. They were more like roasted potatoes than the home fires I'm used to (which are closer to hash browns). The portion size was small and they had no flavor. I had to sprinkle them liberally with salt.
My wife had the Huevos con Chorizo. She had no complaints and she is very particular about her food.
The décor and ambiance were nice, reminiscent of a French café.
My wife and I enjoyed the food enough that we would go back there, but the service is nothing great. When a restaurant is not busy and there are plenty of staff there (I saw at least five servers hanging out by the kitchen, just chatting), than I expect to get better care. Seeing that I am not the only yelp reviewer complaining about this, I think the management would be wise to improve upon their wait staff.Best Cobb Salad I had in a while! Not everyone can make a real good Cobb, but they put their heart and soul into their recipes and that's why the food is so damn good!We love Cafette - especially their fried chicken on Friday nights. It is the best fried chicken we've ever had in a restaurant. Everyone is patient and funny; it is B.Y.O.B., so the whole experience is very low key.  Bring your mosquito repellant and enjoy eating outside!Nice decoration and good food. More expensive than other restaurant in the area. Our servant was not friendly and helpfully.The setting is small and intimate, the deco is attractive, colorful and modern. The kitchen embraces you as you walk in with a pile of homemade desserts. It lookslike you can sit outside in nice weather but we never have for no particular reason.
This is our easy brunch place, wake up Saturday morning and want to eat something quietly. Okay, fine, let's go to Cafette.
The food, however, while okay is just that- okay. The menu is small and a bit limited. The coffee is always kind of weak. They seeem to like to do a lot of things with eggs. There are vegetarian choices as they often do things with tofu ( not so easy to find).
I will say it's a good place to bring kids despite the small quarters and the menu reflects foods for kids to eat too. 
It's a nice little neighborhood place. It just isn't so remarkable necessarily.Saturday brunch - good food but small selection. Not a bad choice. Very cute.Cafette for brunch - sunny outside, little bit warm, but the patio is shaded and quiet. Really, there are few places in the world that make my heart sing like this little patio with this perfectly homey food and great ice tea. They're BYOB and I'm sure I'll eventually go for dinner and remember the B.It's a shame, such a nice garden but I wouldn't go back, ever. The food was lousy, and had a very limited breakfast menu. It was expensive for the portions & quality. Cafette was more like a diner than a cafe. I knew when we walked in for 10 am breakfast on the weekend and the place was mostly empty that was a bad sign. 
The service was below average. We had to constantly ask for coffee refills and then remind them again to bring it a second time. Then had to ask to refill the creamer. I felt I was bothering them to constantly ask, but they didn't pay enough attention and at breakfast coffee is a priority.Be sure to make a reservation, particularly on Friday or Saturday evening and ask to sit outside (and then hold your breath that weather holds!).
Food is very good and priced fairly. My wife started with the apple walnut salad and I had the hummus platter - both were delicious. For the main course, my wife had the scallop special. She's a bit of stickler when it comes to scallops and commented instantly that they tasted fresh and cooked to perfection. I decided on the steak entree, which was also very good. However, I do wish they had not cut in half prior to serving (a "no no' for steak fans!). 
Oh, and it's a BYOB...win!Tried t great veggie burger here. Nice local joint to frequent with friends and family or for a quick bite.OK so let me first start off by saying this place is super cute and cozy. I've eaten from their lunch menu before and have always been happy with my food, however I can not say the same for their brunch.
It's not that it was inedible, it just wasn't right and like I said kinda of disappointing. 
I was there this past weekend with some friends for brunch and while the service was great, my eggs benedict was  kinda lame. The english muffin was not toasted at all and my eggs that were supposed to be poached came out hard boiled, plus there was a skimpy side of hash-browns. My friends meals they all agreed where a little too greasy. Again it didn't make you want to vom or anything, but it sure wasn't anything to write home about. 
Hopefully they can get their brunch on par with the rest of their menu because it really is a cute spot.It was delightful for an outside brunch; the prices were right, portions were ample and service was pleasant (and the coffee was quite good.) This street has the bonus of having much better parking options than Germantown Ave which is refreshing on those busy spring days. Nothing was outstanding, but this is definitely a pleasant place for brunch.It was a cute local restaurant with a cozy atmosphere. Sad to see it go. Now what to do with the unused Cafette gift card I have here.My husband and I LOVE Cafette.  We took his parents there a couple weeks ago when they were visiting and they liked it too--they're not into most kinds of foreign food, so it was a good mix of tame menu items while still being interesting and tasty.
We sat inside because it was cold outside.  The decor is cozy French-inspired with lots of bright colors.  The food feels a little healthier than your usual American comfort food, unless you count the desserts which are deliciously decadent.  I wouldn't go out of my way to recommend this as the perfect place for vegetarians/vegans, but they do have a couple main course offerings that looked good.  Also check out Wed & Thurs prix fixe  menus.  On Sunday they offer a prix fixe soul food menu, which I haven't tried because the other menu options usually look more appealing.
My tomato bisque was so good that I still remember it and I'm thinking of asking them for the recipe..  They do have wonderful mashed potatoes and some great salads--but we liked their meat and fish dishes that we tried, as well.  Our server was polite and timely, though nothing exceptional.
Try it sometime if you're looking for a cozy neighborhood BYOB with familiar food, warm atmosphere, and homemade desserts!I went there for Sunday brunch. I was seated promptly but waited 10 minutes before someone even offered me a glass of water. 
The Young man who served me was pleasant enough and presented the one brunch special but offered no additional suggestions. I ordered something basic pancakes and a side of bacon. What I thought was odd is that they had SEVERAL egg breakfast (eggs, home fries, a meat and toast) selections, but the pancakes and French toast were left to fend for themselves. 
The food arrived within 5 minutes of placing my order. YAY. but the presentation. Blah. 2 ultra flat pancakes that looked more like crepes than Buttermilk pancakes and the taste was less than desirable. Very bitter and flavorless, the maple syrup was forced to flavor these flat discs of dough.  They could have cooked the pancakes a little less wrapped them around some sweet ricotta and added some fruit compote. Just don't mislead the consumers by calling them pancakes. The bacon was a hearty surprise. I also tried the Decaf Raspberry Iced Tea, very tasty, but I would definitely ask them to go light on the ice. 
Limited menu, pricey for maybe the atmosphere(definitely not the food), mediocre service.
$12.84 later I left Cafette less than satisfied.I went here for brunch this morning.  Cafette has great atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food!  The tomato, basil and Parmesan omelet was fresh and the bacon was cooked to just the right amount of crispiness.  My friend and I were there for close to three hours talking; there was never any pressure for them to turn over the table and our waiter was wonderful about checking in with us to see if we needed anything.I really wanted to like this place with it's setting, outdoor seating, and being a BYOB, but unfortunately I left disappointed. Asides from the physical attractiveness of the restaurant, everything else left me disappointed.
The food was bland - I had a Black Bean Chipolte that had a lot of spice in it, but the spices didn't work with the broth or beans at all. With all the spice it had it ended up being bland. The Crispy Tilapia was dry and again bland, served with clumpy rice. The desert was passable, but that's the best I can offer.
Service was ok - our server seemed disinterested, good enough, brought our food out on time. 
Overall it feels like a place that at one point was quite good but over time has gotten lazy. At this point the quality doesn't match the price you pay.A cute little cafe hidden within the Chestnut Hill residential area.  I had the Huevos con Chorizo, with multi grain toast and home fries accompanying it.  All were very tasty and the entire meal was filling, but I wouldn't say that it left a lasting, mind blowing impression on me.  They do have very friendly staff and good food.I checked out Cafette today thanks to its wonderful Yelp review and I was not disappointed. The place is so cute, with a garden and strings of light outside. I had a breakfast burrito for brunch; the service was quick and the burrito was delicious. My mom loved it as well!Got to try Cafette's dinner menu finally!  Was not disappointed in the least.  Got the calamari to start.  Very different from most calamari's I've had.  Dipping sauce was nice and light, but I would've liked a little more kick to it.  Got the ribs as my entree and they were delectable.  Mallory S told me they were good and oh was she right.  Fell right off the bone and had such amazing flavor to them.  Would definitely order them again and recommend them to all.  
Love Cafette's brunch and now I love their dinner too.  Will be back many more times this summer!I like Cafette for a lot of reasons. First, it's BYO which is always nice. Second, it's quaint, friendly and comfortable...why it fits in so well in Chestnut Hill. I also love that their menu is seasonal however this means it can seem very limited. 
I visited Cafette for the first time in the fall and quickly fell in love this their ribs...went back a few times but eventually had my fill and decided to wait until their spring menu to head back. So, last night along with James S. and Kim R. I strolled over to Cafette and indulged in some pretty darn good food. Started off with the pear and walnut salad. The bleu cheese crumbles really made it stand out as refreshing and very tasty. I would definitely get this again...this time skip the whole "sharing" part. Followed that up with my entree of Maryland Style crab cakes, potatoes, and cole slaw. The slaw was so good that I ate the entire portion before I even tried my crab cakes...which were also bangin'! They were absolutely packed with crab meat and the lemon horseradish tartar sauce that accompanied them was divine. It was a fairly large amount of food but knowing that it wouldn't taste nearly as good post-microwave I happily ate it all :) 
I can't say that their new menu had many additions that I'm dying to try however I will certainly be back for the crab cakes and the ribs are still on the menu so that made me happy. If you're looking for a quiet dinner in an atmosphere that makes you feel like your sitting in your own dining room then head to Cafette! 
PS...their chocolate cake is heavenly...defintely worth the indulgence!I love that Cafette is in a really quaint location in the middle of a quiet neighborhood. Unfortunately, I am not that impressed. 
They have a small menu. Although I have only visited here at dinner. and they seem to offer at least one dish for everyone such as a vegetarian dish, fish, chicken, etc. I always decide on my order quickly because I am a vegetarian and there is typically one option. Perhaps this is why I give it 3 stars. 
But, I have eaten good food here and  the salads are fresh. The soup is always great. I remember a carrot coconut curry that was quite tasty. The chocolate chip cookies are thick and chewy.
The portions are small especially for the price. Pretty good, but  It doesn't live up to the superb reputation I frequently hear.Cafette has reliably good food and a menu that changes seasonally.  It is a favorite for my friends for Saturday or Sunday brunch.  Though nice in the winter, eating on the patio in the summer is extra enjoyable.  The lighting inside near the kitchen is a bit too bright for my tastes, following their renovation.If you're looking for breakfast in the area, don't be surprised when you find plenty of tables at Cafette, and long waits at Rollers and the newer Heirloom.
Cafette has lost it's mojo.
I live in the neighborhood, and have eaten at Cafette at least a dozen times. But, I've not been recently until today. The dinners, as I recall are usually good.
Brunch today, oh, brunch.
Working backwards, a $60 breakfast for 4 should be damn good.
No one was blown away.
My "classic eggs Benedict" had to go back 'cuz they were well done, despite the fact that I even asked the server to make sure they were loose.
Also, I don't know what the orange sauce on top of my eggs was, but it wasn't hollandaise.  Speaking of which everyone else's scrambled eggs were bright orange.  Just weird.
Service was blah, first round of coffee came out cold.  When my mother pointed it out to the server, she (the server) said, "oh, I know, I didn't turn the warmer on."
Sorry guys.Cute place.  Wait staff were sweet; food was awesome!!!Very nice neighborhood, homestyle food and atmosphere. I had the fresh pasta with chicken bolognese and it was excellent portion, balanced taste and very fresh. My friend had NY Strip steak with fingerling potatoes and it was superb.
The service was outstanding and it's also a BYOB!!  Score.I love BYOBs so decided to try Cafette with one of my HS friends last night!
I got a special-Cornmeal encrusted grouper, which was very good. My friend got coconut chicken.  She enjoyed her meal as well.  We liked that the meals felt like they were "homemade" and just the right size (normal portions).  Desserts looked amazing, but did not get one!
Wait staff seemed a little awkward (not in a mean way)--but just quiet and not a typical bubbly wait staff.
Also a large party sat down next to us and were very loud.....but enjoyed the meal!
Worth a try!Found this place by accident.  Went in to see if we could get a cup of tea on our walk home and ended up staying for brunch.  Pleasantly surprised!  Nothing like a nice meal outdoors in the summer.  Like all food in Chestnut Hill, this again tasted so amazingly fresh and carefully prepared.  I absolutely love the patriot's omlette.  So much flavor.  They also put a really cool twist on french toast by doing it with Hawaiian bread and a pineapple syrup.  If you find yourself off the Avenue and down Ardleigh, Cafette is definitely worth your time, especially on a beautiful summer morning!I just had brunch today in celebration of a friend's birthday.  Cafette is a great gem nestled among a fairly residential street a few blocks from Germantown Ave.  I love the bright and cheery decor and can't wait until warmer weather to dine on the patio.  They accommodated our large party and the service was very attentive.  I had the eggs benedict.  The meal was pretty good, but my poached eggs weren't nearly as runny as I would have liked and the hollandaise sauce could have used a bit more flavor.  I will definitely visit again!Overall the food is tasty but somewhat expensive and the portions size are small.  It's located in the middle of a residential street so parking is hard to find at all times, so it is best to  walk.  The atmosphere is ok, nothing to write home about.  The presentation of the food is somewhat amateur (more like a cook in the kitchen versus a chef) so if you are all about presentation it is not the place.  However, as I mentioned the food is quite tasty  one of the best as far as taste in Chestnut Hill, just don't go there super hungry or you may have to order 2 meals!A wonderful summer restaurant.  If you're going be sure to pick a nice evening and make a reservation for the outdoor patio that is featured in many of the photos. Also be sure to bring wine because it's within city limits so it doesn't serve alcohol (got to love Philly's BYO culture).
The meal was great. I had the pork chop special with a really unique mango salsa- it comes highly recommended but was rather small. Also, the hummus platter is a great alternative to a salad.. my favorite part of the meal!
The only reason I docked Cafette is because we had an unenthusiastic waitress that left us out to dry. I'm normally not bothered by this (I was with my GF and not in any rush) but when it's a chore to explain the specials the restaurant is losing a star. 
If you're looking for a quiet evening with a bunch of retired wine buffs (I'm pretty sure the age of the average patron was about 70) check out the outdoor patio at Cafette!Cozy. Prompt service. Nice area. Good food. The potatoes that come with the country breakfast are amazing.  Wish they had apple juice though.When you walk in the door the open kitchen is to your left, nothing hidden here. Dine indoors, or in warmer weather sit on the patio. Great salads, vegetable and meat dishes. BYOB, my brother in law always does. Very casual, great wait staff. We take friends and family when they visit. If you want/need a drink the Chestnut Hill Hotel and Restaurant is just around the corner, it's good for dinner too.If you want breakfast, or brunch in Chestnut Hill, venture off Germantown Pike to Cafette.  If you have a kid, this place is pretty kid-friendly.
Tom M. and I joined a friend and her little one for breakfast here at 9:30 today. I ordered the breakfast burrito. The eggs were cooked perfectly and the corn and black beans inside had just the right amount of spice. It came with a mound of guacamole, salsa and sour cream. The guacamole was good, and coupled with the salsa, I felt better about what I was eating.
My husband convinced me to order dessert... but he didn't really have to twist my arm. The cherry crumb pie I ordered wasn't that fresh, and the crumb topping was bland. I did have a few bites (more than a few really) of his lemon curd cake. If I'm going to splurge on calories, I would do it again for the lemon curd cake. The lemon curd on top burst with flavor, the frosting was just the right kind and amount, and the cake itself was moist and fresh. Five stars for that cake. I'd love to know what bakery they use or if they bake in-house.Cafette is our all-time favorite brunch spot.  Their homemade guacamole that comes with the breakfast burrito is amazing!  Their outdoor garden patio makes this restaurant even more of a hidden treasure. We don't visit as much for dinner, but it is a BYOB.I went there with my wife and a friend on 10-16-11. What a cute place. Outdoor seating and the kitchen is right next to the entrance. Its all out in the open! 
Breakfast was all good. I enjoyed my omelette with basil, tomato and mozzarella. Their whole grain toast is really good as are their home fries. I was really happy in their outdoor space enjoying a meal with my wife, our friend and her son. 
But then I ordered dessert. Lemon curd cake. My wife had the cherry pie and that was good. The lemon curd cake was a hall of fame of cake contending slice. Perfectly moist. No artificial lemon taste. Instead, a pleasant, mild citrus and sweet taste. The icings - yellow and white are artistically applied. 
I look forward to more meals at Cafette and especially more slices of the lemon curd cake!So so! Quaint place but nothing special certainly not for the value. Went there for dinner and the waitress couldn't remember the specials. It was like she really didn't want to be there and brought nothing to make the customer special, just there to eat and pay. Maybe it is a better place for breakfast and lunch. The salmon as suppose to be with horseradish crust. There wasn't any signs of any of the tang that horseradish should have. The salmon had a bland flavor.My friend had creme brulee that was a whipser of dessert in a dish. Nice flavor but it was like they were forced to ration the amount to make it through the week. I would like to give it a second try since they have such a cute outside area.This little restaurant, on a residential street in Chestnut Hill, is an established spot that's generally bustling and devoid off any pretension. I don't really have anything negative to say about it, but it seems that whenever I've gone, I've been completely underwhelmed. 
I've actutally been to Cafette about 7 or 8 times--with my partner, with friends, for dinner, lunch and brunch and eating both inside and outside. The service is good but not excellent, and that's how I felt about the food, too. 
I go back each time thinking I'm going to be wowed, and I leave sort of shrugging. A lot of people I know rave about Cafette. For me, it's a pretty forgettable experience.This quirky little restaurant is a little bit off the beaten path, located on a sleepy residential street just off of Chestnut Hill's main artery, Germantown Avenue. 
The sandwiches are excellent, although last time I was in they had apparently discontinued some of my old favorites like the egg salad and the cucumber and jarlsberg. The same menu shrinking appears to have hit the brunch offerings as well, though the ones that remain are still quite good. 
Pleasant outdoor seating, great for takeout, and larger than life Elvis Costello portraitsWent for brunch a few weeks ago.
Great food, good service, we'll be back.
The atmosphere of this place was just so comforting. Especially the view of the garden.A cozy place tucked away in Chestnut Hill side streets off Germantown Ave. Only have been once, which was take out.  But service was very friendly and speedy. The food was outstanding. very, very good. Also the menu looked great with lots of interesting options. (If I ever get back I would like to try the veggie tacos). Would certainly recommend and would go back.Such a charming gem tucked in Chestnut Hill.  Fantastic ambiance on the deck, superb veggie tacos.  BYOB makes it perfect!I go their at least once a month with my friends and family and everyone agrees its the best relaxed feeling you can ask for. Fridays are special , ask for the fried chicken,not greasy you can feel good about yourself afterwards !!!!DEAR YELP ADMIN - why can I not have a falling star option or ZERO star option, etc. ?
Another case of me whining about being able to write a few certain kind of things on a menu - maybe make a place look a certain way - kitchsy - and mAYBE act cool if that..and then virtually take a dump on a plate and put  (insert trendy flavor of the past ten years) (ie chipotle or balsamic) over top and voila....the hope and change masses will LOVE it...
I used to think even vegetarians had elevated levels of taste  to a degree given the scope of things to play with on the palette etc. - but from what I have seen and heard over time with veggieheads over this place man....
We went along time ago - were hyped up..and deflated...don't remember what we had that time for sure.  Decided to give it a try more recently and to my dismay- it just plain old SUCKED.
 Sorry, why bother being sweet or nice about it.  We paid too much and waited too long for our check too.  It sucked.  Eggs Bene and Tofu Scramble both the worst by far in their respective categories I've had in the city.
BLEH.
Does this mean, actual good food will not do well by the people that love these places or that you can pull off dung and as long as all the stuff more out of your control falls into line you're gonna wow that certain type of crowd?
Guess the same crowd who LOOKS FORWARD to going to Stephen Starr joints....
I miss Goat HollowSolid, cheery brunch spot serving fairly classic meals.  The eggs benedict were perfectly poached and delicious.  The breakfast burrito and it's accompanying guac and hot sauce were also great (if a little on the small side for my always hungry boyfriend).  Definitely get the bacon - it's always nice to be served real, solid bacon when most places don't bother.
The inside was nice and bright and I think it would be great to eat in the outdoor space when it's a little warmer.  Service was SUPER friendly and also amazingly fast - we were literally in and out in about 40 minutes.
All in all, good, perhaps a bit overpriced but quality food and it's tucked away location makes it a lovely saturday or sunday brunch spot.Yes! Such a fantastically cute place for Sunday brunch! Had a lovely eggs benedict-- the eggs were perfectly poached, goo-ed all over the place the second you cut into them... absolutely delicious! And there's outdoor seating, which is lovely when the weather is nice. Used to meet with my girlfriends here for our bookclub-- yes, BYOB!
Charming, great service, delicious food, I'm a fan!Based on the reviews, maybe dinner is just better than brunch, because I expected to see much better reviews of this great place,   We had a tasty, fairly-priced dinner, served at a comfortable pace by attentive but not intrusive staff in a lovely outdoor garden setting complete with romantic Tivoli lights strung across the trees.  Add a BYO bottle of wine, friendly people at the next table who we chatted with as we were leaving, and what's not to like?  The mussels and crabcakes were delicious.  My ceasar salad was a little dull, but if that's the only misstep in an otherwise perfect night, and the birthday boy was willing to share his mussels, all is well. We both agreed that we had found a new addition to our small list of go-to restaurants.
I had dinner here previously inside the restaurant with a very large party, and every single person enjoyed their meal - it's tough to please a mix of vegetarians and carnivores, foodies and meat-and-potato folks, age 40s-80s, but they make everyone happy.  This seems to be a very popular place, and I wouldn't want to try for a table w/o reservations.There's just something about eating outside that makes me happy...so whenever it's nice I scoot on over to Cafette for a delicious meal that is the next best thing to making someone I love cook for me. Heck, even when it's not nice I enjoy hanging out in the shabby chic-style dining rooms! 
Their slogan is "Creative Homestyle Cuisine" and I can't think of a better way to describe the whole vibe. The food is always fresh and healthy (standouts include the most awesome chicken salad sandwich ever made and eggs benedict that will make your heart sing) and the service is friendly and consistent.  PLUS - Cafette is the home to the best chocolate cake I've ever eaten in my life, so save room for dessert!
Lots of choices for vegetarians and carnivores alike, very kid-friendly, great desserts, takeout and catering. Don't forget to BYO!Hum, I haven't been here for a while, but I seem to remember the menu being a bit bigger. We went there for brunch on Saturday and it seems they lost 80% of their breakfast choices. There were literally 5 dishes on the menu. There is something to be said for a restaurant that knows what they're good at and sticks to it, but this felt a little limited.
The food was good, but nothing exciting. The coffee was tasty. I remember the lunch menu being more diverse and more interesting taste-wise.
I'll go back, just not for breakfast.I've been there a couple of times in the past and enjoyed it however past Friday was a disaster.  Service was awful and two of us had inedible entrees. Should have said something.This is one of our all-time favorite Sunday brunch spots. Saturdays their brunch menu is MUCH shorter...maybe that's what's up with the yelpers who were disappointed by the small selection. The french toast is so thick and amazing...they change around the flavors periodically. 
The outdoor dining is really cute. It is definitely a place for a relaxed meal...they won't hurry you through. I've had dinner here only a few times (made a really good spot for a big group, all byo), but brunch more than I can count. :)
The front isn't very appealing and you walk in right to the kitchen, but once you get inside, you'll feel right at home. Last time we were in it looked like they'd done some repainting and redecorating.Quaint little restaurant on the side streets of Chestnut Hill. The wait staff is great. They have good vegetarian options, but the portions of some entrees were small. I ordered the tofu scramble, which was not great; I should have ordered the breakfast burrito, which is what my wife had and I was jealous - but she shared.Had lunch at Cafette today.  Our group was 4 adults and 2 toddlers.  Arrived at 1:00 (on a Sunday) and were told by friends to expect a long wait for a table and then for food, but the wait was reasonable for both.  Food was very good.  I had the turkey sandwich, with house-roasted turkey, cheese, nice crispy lettuce, tomato, and a nice apple aioli, on whole-grain bread.  It was a very good sandwich.  Came with homemade potato salad with dill, which was very good but a little skimpy.  My wife had a breakfast combo that she enjoyed; I tasted the sausage and thought it was unusually flavorful and not overly salty.  Service was fine, not super-friendly.  The restaurant seemed pretty kid-friendly, although no crayons, balloons, etc. (nor did we want them).Cafette is great--- It reminds you of an adorable quaint little cottage. The food is fresh, the staff is great, I've been dying to go back. 
It's little pricy but i think it's worth it. I am looking forward to trying their Sunday Brunch.Just went to Caffete and loved it. 
The Ham/Brie and Turkery/Cranberry sandwiches were amazing lunch options. 
It has indoor seating as well as an outdoor patio seating area. Service was great (not too overbearing, but not nonexistent) and the workers were so friendly and helpful. We were there on a Friday afternoon so it was not crowded, but I've heard otherwise for busier times during weekend dinner and brunch. 
The Chestnut Hill neighborhood it is located in is a great, unique area with cute shops, farmers markets, and bars within a couple of blocks. Loved the atmosphere and can't wait to try it for a nice summer's night! 
OH! And it's BYOB! Always a plus :) Definitely going to go back.!Cute little place right in the middle of a residential neighborhood with near by street parking. It has limited seating but with a very homestyle feel to it with a smell of corn bread. I was a little disappointed with the menu selection and was happy to know the special of the day was a crab cake. I probably should have just stuck with the salad because i had a mild upset stomach after the crab cake, it seemed a little under cooked at time of mastication. The service was quick and the appetizers were decent.  The hummus and pita bread was ok. I wasn't very awed by this place and it was a bit pricey for the quality of food. 
I may come back here to give it another shot.Went here to eat for the first time on Sunday morning. It was the day after Christmas, so I think we were the only ones here at 9AM. That said, the service was polite and prompt. 
The food was great, as well. Nice homemade meals. Those country fries were amazing!! Prices were pretty decent.The food here is almost always consistent and they don't overreach.  I think my wife and I have had pretty much everything on the menu.  The only thing that didn't blow me away was their steak, but that was quite a while ago.  Be sure to save room for a slice of pie.
Be warned: they have recently implemented a $5 cork fee!  I've never seen a restaurant without a liquor license do that -- go figure!  Hopefully they'll reconsider. But for now, we'll just stick to take out and have our dinner and wine at home.cute spot. very cozy and non-pretentious.
food was very good - the crabcakes and pie stood out and the rest of the menu sounded interesting enough to want to return to try more.
however, the caprese salad was almost devoid of tomatoes and the veggie sides were about 1 bite in size.We stopped in for lunch. The French Toast was excellent and the prices were comparable for decent brunch spots. The place is very small and intimate and the food was delicious and well prepared.I've added ths place to my list of spots to eat outside now that the warm/hot weather is here.
Unlike most people that reviewed this place I didn't think the calamari were great. The order I got was dry and not what I expected. However, the pear salad with candied walnuts was very good.
Crabacakes for an entree were moist, good sized and came with a few wedges of fried potato's. The special of the evening was Black Bass that was excellent. Fish was moist, and came with jicama slaw and fried plantains. Only other part of the dinner that wasn't great was the side of kale. It was par boiled, but needed a lot more garlic to spice up the dish.
Waitress said the Key Lime pie was great, but when she went to get the last  piece it was all gone. Tried the chocolate layer cake which was nice and rich and moist.
Bill was $75, before tip, they take all major cards and parking is available on the street. Ask to sit in the garden when you make a reservation or you might have to take a table inside.
Would go back again.I want to like this place. Let me rephrase. I desire to love this place. However, I am disappointed with the place. The food was average, cork fee  was whopping $5 and the service was slow. I went there on a thursday evening and the place was pretty full with the locals which is always a good sign. I ordered their crab cakes and then waited for to be pleasantly surprised.. yeah, that never came..The last time or so I've eaten here, it's been really good...plus, I love the gluten free choices. I also love it now that the weather's getting warm. Nice place for outside eating.Cafette is a small restaurant tucked a few blocks off of Germantown Ave in Chestnut Hill.  As you walk inside the kitchen is on your left and as you walk past it there are a few different dining rooms.  I say rooms because its setup like a house.  On the left side of the building they have a really cozy outdoor dining area.  If it wasn't cloudy when we arrived we would have sat outside.
I was excited to eat here because of their emphasis on fresh local ingredients.  We tried the Egg's Benedict and Country Breakfast.  The Egg's B. came with home fries that were very tasty.  The Country Breakfast came with scrambled eggs, multi grain toast and sausage. (you can get bacon also).  Their bread is thick cut and very good.  The sausage is not the typical type served at breakfast.  They serve sweet Italian sausage and it was a nice twist.
One of the positives at Cafette is the speed they get all the food out.  It comes out really really fast!  Our server had no personality and she wasn't very attentive to our table or the table next to us.  The other servers seemed to be very cheerful and attentive.  I guess our server was just having a bad day or maybe she was the only weak link in the chain.
Our meal was good but I didn't leave thinking I had to return here for breakfast.  I'm going to stop in again for lunch or dinner and see if they can do any better.  If you're in the area its worth stopping in but  I wouldn't drive any distance to grab breakfast here.So far I have only ventured here one time for brunch, and was hoping to have a slightly better experience than the one we had. 
On first impression, the restaurant has a neighborhood feel, being flanked by homes on either side, (even sharing a wall with one I noticed). That didn't bother me, I rather liked it. Although they were fairly busy I only had to park a few blocks away and it's summer, so that wasn't an issue. As I walked in, I noticed they had a sizable amount of seating inside, as well as a patio area. We chose to sit in the shade outside, and risk it with the bugs. Pleasantly, no bugs for the entire stay. The hostess was a bit weary seeming, and because it was 10am..seems a bit early to be tuckered out. To echo Wally G.,"unenthusiastic waitress that left us out to dry" seems like an appropriate way to explain it. Perhaps the same one? Who knows. My french toast was awesome, as was my brother's breakfast chorizo omelet. The roasted potatoes were wayy too salty, but would have rocked with 50% less salt. So food? 4 stars.
....And then this is the part that made me dock another star- after eating we sat and talked amiably for about 15 mins, waiting for the dishes to be cleared and asked if we were ready for the check. 5 more passed, and not only was the waitress nowhere to be found to politely ask for the check, but no one so much as glanced our way with empty water glasses and plates. We weren't in a hurry, but I felt rather forgotten and awk just sitting there and trying to think of more things to talk about while also frequently turning around to scan for her (in which I got a lot of stares and prob labeled as brunch creeper). 
I want to go back and try the eggs benedict, and hope for a better run-in with the service. I'll update at that time.Much better service today. Food was prompt as was the check. Great improvement. The homefries were a lot less salty as well.Great Sunday brunch spot. Very classic dishes done well. We tried the eggs benedict and huevos con chorizo. Both were very good. Very quaint, quiet cafe with solid breakfast.