tasty pho ga (chicken pho).  this is what everyone comes here for and this is what you should order if you get a chance to visit.  
learned a great tip from my brother who is a regular here... order a bowl of plain pho and 1/2 chicken on the side.  chicken can be enjoyed straight up after a dip in the spicy lemon salt provided.   also add some of the chicken to your noodle soup as you go for perfectly cooked chicken pho.  no over cooked chicken this way.
a mom and pop shop in a working class neighborhood (Kensington).  this is a new frills kind of place.  walk in, find an open table and grab a seat.  CASH only.This place used to be one of my favorite places to get Pho in Philadelphia, but the way that my girlfriend and I were disrespected today made this restaurant a  place that I will never go again! I was disgusted by the way the owner ignored us when we tried to order, then shook his head when we asked a question about pricing because they don't have menus and the owner walked away again, again ignoring us. I'm not sure if they were discriminating against me because I am white or because I am gay, but this is definitely not a place for Americans to try and be served. Huge culture shock.I'm from SoCal and it's known to have the best pho outside in the US. A friend recommended to go here if I fly out of PHL so I did. I'm glad I did because it was sooooo good. Best pho ga ever! 
Note 1: don't expect a menu. They only have  pho ga/chicken noodle or beef noodle. Size is only small or large. This place is known for their chicken because the name of the restaurant is pho ga. Why stray away from what they specialize in? 
Note 2: call to make sure it's open. Sometime they travel or close early so don't trust the time on yelp. 
Also, make sure to order a side of half a chicken for a party of 4. Depending on your group size, you may want a whole. 
As for service, it was ok. It was our first time and didn't realize that they didn't have menu. Could have been better if the server ask if it is our first time and give us info. 
Overall, must come back every time we're in Philly. Not the best part of town but it's worth it. Trust me!Best chicken pho in the USA!!  Chicken is always cooked consistent. It's free ranged chicken so I guess that's the secret.  Beef pho is hearty.  Wish I had a place like this in SC!  Coming from eating in 3rd world experiences, this place isn't the cleanest or the friendliest place but the food is something not to be missed!The best place for chicken noodle soup viet style. Otherwise known as chicken pho, or pho ga. I love this place! ! I would wait in line just to get in. Usually on busy weekends its always pack. The place is very small. Come early or on weekdays but come and try it. You won't regert it.They only sell one thing. Hahaha. Like the soup and pho. The chicken we got was old and over cooked.Vy D's review covers the most essential basics- come early in the day because they close early, and also, the area is kind of dicey. I don't eat beef, so we made this trek to have what sounds to be the best chicken pho/pho ga in Philly. It really was out of this world, the chicken was so tender and the broth somehow had more flavor than any other pho ga I've ever had. The pepper/vinegar/lime dipping sauce is simple, but definitely adds to the flavor of the chicken.I have been going here for awhile now. Decided to take my girlfriend here to try it out for her first time. She left a super happy camper, and so did I.
This family owned place is exactly what the other Yelpers have been saying. Modest. It's small and offers a quick and hearty meal, with really fresh ingredients. 
We ordered two plain Pho Ga's (Chicken Pho) and an order of half a chicken. Chicken comes out with a salt, pepper, lime, and pepper dip. Everything was delicious. The chicken was boiled nicely and retained most of its juices and flavor. The dipping concoction was a beautiful addition. The pho itself was flavorful and might be better than my mom's Pho Ga. Sorry Mom!
Another, get in and get out type of place. Great food, please try it.8$ for a Ph, 20$ for a whole chicken
This restaurant only sell one type of dish, and it so overcrowded, and they even close early, probably because the neighborhood is not really safe at night.
The available options of meat to eat with the Ph are: beef, chicken, and beef ball
It's a family business. They should've run it for decades. The female boss cooks and chops the chicken herself. The male boss is kind of curt whenever he speaks, but he's a great chess player. And both of them are really kind.Hands down the best pho ga I've had anywhere.  That includes Vietnam.  They make their broth from scratch with the fresh chickens from across the street (most places don't make their broth from scratch).  The chicken is steamed and wonderful.
Absolutely fantastic.Foodwise, I will give this a five. The one star was dinged due to the mediocre service or lack of. But, despite being in a pretty beat-up neighborhood, I will happily come here again to get my dose of Pho Ga. I was never a fan of Pho Ga to begin with until Thanh Thanh. The broth was absolutely delicious. The chicken wasn't bad either. I was expecting it to be dry, but it wasn't at all.Man this place is a dump. Like a real dump. The tables looked like they were stolen from a homeless shelter, and the chair cushions have long since frayed away to nothingness, exposing stained foam rubber. My partner, the Hue Out Princess, immediately turned to me with murder in her eyes. I had insisted on trying this place despite her misgivings, so from the moment we crossed the threshold every inch of this grimey soup-hole was my fault. If I had better self-preservation instincts i would have turned around and walked out, but I'm an idiot. So we sat down and it didn't get any better.
The pseudo-hipster Viet guy taking our order was way too cool for school from the jump. He immediately asked us what we wanted, and seemed maliciously gleeful to have the chance to smack down our attempt to GET A MENU. 
"We only have two things, chicken noodle soup and beef noodle soup. So, yeah. What do you want?"
He then looked at us like we were the assholes. Personally, I just hate that secret-handshake-are-you-in-the-know bullshit. Old girl, on the other hand, was pissed because even shit-ball soup stands in Vietnam have more than two options, and this place has walls and a roof. But presumably the crackhead DJing the hot plates out back can only handle two stock pots, so that's the selection. 
We ordered one of each. The soup was good but not spectacular. The folks running the spot are southern, so they serve a decent chili-lime dipping sauce with the pho ga. 
But definitely not worth sitting in that place and/or touching the table/chairs/glasses for.
Thang Long across the street is easily as good, has far more selection and is much less likely to be raided by the health department while you're there.
*It's cash only, but given the state of the place that shouldn't come as a suprise- you immediately know that if they can't afford chairs from this century then they ain't paying no interchange fees.First time having chicken pho but dang it was gooood! The broth was clean and tasted amazing without having to add any sauces to it. I admit I like to douse my pho with siracha and hosin sauce but the broth was good by itself. The chicken was juicy and the dipping sauce made it even better. 
From the outside it doesn't look like much but don't be fooled they serve some good pho. The place is small and service is pretty fast. Be fair warned though, its in a sketchy neighborhood and we were told not to casually walk around even during the day.This place has awesome chicken pho.. especially when it's cold out. Heck, eating pho with just the broth, bean sprouts, and herbs is still good! 'Nough said. 
Pho Ga Thanh Thanh place is only for the brave. It's tucked in good ol' Kensington, which is a pretty sketchy neighborhood (especially during night time). If you're not afraid of the hood and your stomach is roaring, this is the place to be, my friend. 
Decor is not spectacular, the chairs are not elegant. Again, you are here for the food and not the atmosphere. 
I hear wait times can be very long, perhaps an hour. It's worth it, though!
If you're waiting outside, don't feed the stray cats and say no to solicitors... if you know what I mean.I don't have much to say except get the traditional chicken pho.  This shit is a miracle hangover cure!! The beef pho is amazing too. I think all they have are these two soups and half/whole chickens served with rice, they don't even have, nor need a menu!!  What a true gem!Best Pho in Philly....I had the plain pho and it was delicious!!As good as it gets! 
I kid you not this place is absolutely awesome! It is so good that I wish I live in the state of PA to enjoy it every weekend or on a rainy day. The food is so good that I could careless how they treated me! I have been to this place too many times to remember and their tastes of Pho and the chicken are very consistent and will make you want to order the whole chicken to fulfill your appetite. 
Here's what i have experienced that will hopefully be useful to you. 
1. They only serve Pho and half/whole chicken but nothing else as far as food is concern (at least since the last time I been there)
2. They do serve coffe (Vietnamese style) 
3. The Pho soup (chicken broth) is very tasty and genuine soup
4. Street parking under a train track (which could be annoying at times)
5. Seating is a little tight and spaces seem very limited 
6. Always busy and sometimes sold out of chicken on the weekends
7. Price is reasonable given the quality of the food they serve
8. It takes less than 5 minutes and your food is ready to serve
9. When ordering Pho make sure to have chicken within it because they charge the same price whether or not the bowl of Pho has chicken (at least for me they did)
10. CASH only 
So if you happened to be in Kensington Ave of Philadelphia or around that area, make sure you stop by and have yourself a half or whole chicken with a small bowl of Pho to have a taste of Pho Ga Thanh Thanh. 
A 5 stars in a heartbeat.Finally! The guy has been talking about taking me here forever.  It was a cold Saturday Winter afternoon, a perfect time for pho.  It's simple: wait for a table, order chicken pho, eat, and leave happy.  The broth was heavenly.  The plate of chicken was perfect, i didn't really care for certain chicken parts.  The little plate of dipping sauce was spicy but oh so good.  Everything tasted fresh!I may not be an avid yelper, but I do want to point out some negative remarks people have left on this small family owned business
1. If you have never worked In the food industry, let alone run a small restaurant, your negative and useless critiques of how to operate a restaurant are invalid.
2. If you're expecting top customer service, then be warned that this place is not a Michelin star restaurant that expects you to tip $60
3. If you can make better pho ga, then don't come here. This is simply the best around the area. If you don't agree, then tell your friends they are lying and whip them up a better batch.
Now back to my review. I simply love this place because it reminds me so much of the vietnamese restaurants back home (Orange County, CA). However, I do admit that the broth here is the most aromatic and flavorful of all that I have tried. The chicken from my understanding is a specified poultry the owners use. I believe it was corn-fed chicken.
Dipping sauce is amazing. It is indigenous to northern Vietnam and separates most pho restaurants I've had. I mainly see ginger fish sauce everywhere I go, and it is a nice change to have a lime citrus dipping sauce.
Overall, I'd love to eat here whenever I'm craving pho. I give this place 5 starsSeriously, this place makes the best pho ga!It's even better than my mom's pho (sorry mom)! It's our regular joint. We always order 2 bowls of pho ga with a side order of half a chicken. The chicken is tasty with an excellent chewy texture cooked to perfection. I LOVE the dipping sauce which consists of lime juice, salt, pepper, slivers of hot peppers and lime leaves! It's better than dipping it in sweet fish sauce. The broth is flavorful and taste homemade! It's not loaded with msg like other pho places.
The only negatives are that it's located in a sketchy neighborhood, restaurant is cramped and feels like you're eating in Vietnam (which isn't necessarily a bad thing), waitresses can be rude, and that the pho can be inconsistent (hence the 4 stars). I don't know why, but we've found the broth to be more satisfying on some Saturdays than Sundays. Some days it's less flavorful than other days, but when it's good it's GREAT!The Best Pho Ga I have ever had, hands down (sorry mom) great service from waiters. They always wait on my every need, very friendly and personable. Highly recommend this place for the food and the service. 
Reasons why i would recommend this place
-Best Pho Ga (nothing compares)
-The Sauce
-Service
-Convenience
-(The hot waitress with the blue hair)Thee best chicken pho, hands down.  The restaurant is located not in the best part of Philly.  It's a little hole in the wall type restaurant but these are where you'll find the best authentic food.  It's a pretty quick turn around since there isn't any menu.  I'm not from the area but when I am in town, it is a must!!i'm from cali and each time we go to philly, this is the first place we stop for some GOOOOOOD pho chicken!!! their dip for the chicken is sooooooooo addicting!!!!BEST PHO ON THE EAST COAST!! (may even be the best pho in the US)
Don't  judge a book by it's cover. The restaurant might not be a nicest place, but the food is amazing. I ordered chicken pho with half a chicken on another plate. The broth is delicious and it doesn't have that annoying sweet taste like pho in other restaurants. The chicken is fresh and was chopped into pieces along with the bones so the guests and eat it with their hands. Delicious!!Tried this place for the first time and it didn't disappoint. The soup was right on point, no need to add anything extra into the soup. And they are very generous with the chicken meat. Though the area the establishment is located is not good, but that can't be helped.This place is off the chain!! The best Pho ga ever. I always order my pho without the chicken, and half a chicken on the side. They also give you dipping sauce (salt, pepper, lime leaves, and lime juice). 
I love to go here when the weather is a bit chilly to cold, I would just sit there and slurp away my fatty pho ga while watching Vietnamese music videos or Vietnamese dubbed Chinese dramas (one of the two is always playing on their TVs).
Pho ga and bun bo hue make my life complete.In case you didn't know Pho is the cure for the winter blues and this little place tucked under the EL on Kensington Ave has long been a favorite of "in the know" locals yet I had not made it over here until today even though it is just a short bike ride from my house. The chicken was amazingly fresh - the broth so tasty and all the toppings delicious and fresh. After eating my bowl I immediately felt better - it is rare to get food out that is just so simple and natural and fresh. I am so upset I had not been here before. Despite it's "off the beaten path" feel it is really just a hop skip and jump from Fishtown and only a block from the EL. definitely worth the trip.Fantastic Pho Ga (Chicken Pho), which in many cases is the perfect cure for a hangover. Fresh Chicken, Fresh Noodles, Fresh Broth, and Fresh Herbs is the key to a perfect pho.
At Pho Ga Thanh Thanh they perfect all of these. the chicken is freshly prepared and the noodles are magnificent. The Broth is Delicious and clear of MSG. The Herbs are fresh and are not withered like many other Pho places I've been to.
If all this sounds appetizing you then Pho Ga Thanh Thanh is the place to go, but mind you this place IS a hole in the wall and is located in Kensington so if you're the kind of person who would never go to Kensington i suggest you don't.Their chicken pho is legit! I get the regular size chicken pho and put the HABENEROs from the lime dipping sauce into the broth. No other sauces such as siracha or fish sauce needed! 
It's $7 for a regular size and $1 for a can of soda ( btw they don't have diet coke haha)Pho ga is amazing. I always come in here with a group and all of us just get pho ga and extra chicken. I never get pho ga and that what a friend recommend and been there quite often and hang with ppl that goes their often. So addicting. Bf loves this place.After moving away from the Philadelphia area five years ago, I've always had a craving for one of the best pho, in my opinion, outside of Vietnam.  I often comeback and visit my best friend, who lives in Fishtown, but was never able to stop on by to grab a quick delicious meal.  This past September I had a couple of hours to spare and the first thought on my mind was "I'm gonna have me some PHO GA."  However, the experience was not what I had remembered it to be.  The broth, although still delicious, was not WOW.  I remember craving for this pho, but now it was just another pho.  I don't know if my taste buds have changed over these past five years, or the flavor of the soup that's changed, or it was just one of those days that the kitchen staff was not on their "A" game.  Whatever the reason was, i still had a good, not great meal.  The food alone would merit a four star rating.  I only gave it one star because I would never go there again.  I know you shouldn't expect great service from places like this, but the service I received that day was beyond terrible.  Not only was the wait staff rude, they were having a little argument and "spilled" on to me, their customer.  When the waitress brought out my pho she could have just thrown it on the table.  The soup spilled out, dirtied my shirt, and there was no apology from her.  The young man in the knit hat (don't know why he's wearing a knit hat in ninety degree heat?), I believe to be the owner or manager, does nothing about the situation.  He didn't even seem to know what's going on with his staff or he just don't care.  I finish my meal, pay the bill and left.  This is my first time writing a review of any restaurant. The only reason I am doing it, is because I used to love this place and hope management would read this and better trained their staff. It's a shame!One way street. Parking may be a little hard to find especially on weekends since its street parking. The food came out so fas n The food was very good! The chicken was fresh and juicy. You can order additional chicken to go if you want. Would come back.As good as it can get to home cooked Pho Ga (Chicken Pho). I came with some friends because I've heard so many people say "the pho ga, here is really good." I came and tried and I must say "it is the real deal." If you love the authentic stuff then this is the place to go.
Yes, if you read other reviews. This place is a hole in the ditch kinda place. You go for the quality and not the ambience. lol. I typically like both but I would travel all the way to Kensington for their Pho Ga.
A good broth is the key to good Pho. The broth qaulity of fresh chicken is so good, here. Next is fresh ingredients. The chicken is from a local butchery. Fresh grown ingredients from local supermarkets i.e., Noodles, Scallion, Bean Sprout, makes for an awesome pho. Boiled to perfection their chicken can be ordered in half orders or whole. Chopped in pieces ready for dipping in the salt & pepper lime sauce. It's delicious! I like my stuff spicy so I add the Sirachi sauce.
You want authentic, really good Pho Ga then this is the place for you. Disregard the decor, the location and its a GOOD EATS place.
The wait time here is long, but well worth the wait.The best Pho Ga (Chicken) I've ever had. Located under the Blue Line subway bridge in Kensington. My brother brought me here for the first time several months ago and I've been looking for a place similar to it in VA - it doesn't exist. Cafe Pho Ga has the best broth and uses fresh chicken, you can taste the freshness in the chicken. They buy a certain amount of chicken every day and once the fresh chicken is gone, the restaurant closes for the day. 
The best way to enjoy the Pho Ga is to order a bowl of plain Pho with a half chicken on the side. The chicken comes with a very tasty salt/lemon/pepper/chili dipping sauce. This sauce makes all the difference in the world when eaten with the Pho. 
The restaurant is very modest. There is limited seating so be patient, it's worth the wait. Be sure to bring cash, no credit cards accepted here. Prices are also very reasonable. For food this fresh and great, you would expect them to charge more than they do.Best chicken pho. Once you try you will be hooked. Their steamed chicken with the lime and salt dip is soooooo good.  I love the way that they specialize just on the chicken pho.  It's so fresh. No frozen chickens here.  I would eat it everyday and not get tired of it ever.  Love this place.When they say this place is a hole in the wall, they truly meant it. Super sketch, no AC (mind you it's 90 degrees out and I'm about to order noodle soup) & to top it off there was no bathroom (it was out of order that day). So moving on, the waiter arrives to take our order but there was no menus provided..... Soo I guess we will just order based on what we saw on yelp right? Ok so 2 pho ga and that's it i think? 
The verdict? Just simply fabulous. Wow, the chicken broth hit the spot. I've alway swore by the pho ga I've had in San Fran but seriously this was on par. Even though the first impression of walking into here did not look promising, I'm definitely delighted of the outcome. I made the right choice.This is it, the most authentic pho ga outside of my mom's home and Saigon itself.  OK, maybe at least in Philadelphia, but it's very good.  The entire eating area might be the size of your living room and it gets crowded with the tune of people bantering and steady thumping noises from the kitchen; chickens are pulled from the stock and chopped to serve.  With so many birds taking a dip into the never ending vat, Cafe Pho Ga Thanh Thanh creates one of the most robust, chicken-y soups I've ever tasted.
Also, just by saying "I want a large pho ga" in Vietnamese and without even asking for it, they included organ meats (a liver and heart) and a chicken blood cake, along with bone/skin-on chopped chicken plus a dipping dish of habanero, salt, pepper, and lime.  Completely rustic and traditionally ornamented.  Although, if you're using English, I would imagine that you may need to inquirer about the add-ons if you want them.
A large bowl with a sweetened iced coffee rings up $11.traditional chicken pho Yum yum yum. So fresh, and there is a very funny neon sign across the street for a poultry place, where they may have got the poor chicken, so fresh it was.They probably make the best Chicken Pho in Philly, no need to try anywhere else especially if this is their specialty. Go for it!Don't judge a book by its cover. The only reason I found my way into this restaurant was because I was in the area and the reviews on Yelp were quite complementary. I walked up to the door and was going to turn away because it looked like a dump. I ventured in and asked to see a takeout menu. "We don't have one" was the response I got. I asked if they do takeout and the woman explained that they do but have no menu. She had to explain the four different varieties of Pho to me several times (I couldn't shake the idea that they had no menu). I ordered Pho with chicken breast to go.
The broth was the best that I've tasted to date. It came with a container full of noodles, cilantro, basil, bean sprouts, jalapenos, Sriracha/Hoisin sauce, and a huge sliced up chicken breast. The meal was simply outstanding. I was sweating when I finished and feeling like I was treated to an authentic meal.
The next time I'm anywhere near Kensington, I'll venture over to Cafe Pho Ga. If you like Pho, do yourself a favor and check this place out. And don't forget, don't judge a book by its cover.Fantastic pho. Some of the best in the country. They don't fool around, the menu is spare so they bring you the highest quality. A very authentic and memorable-warm experience. This is food as art for the soul.The place is not fancy, not at all. It's basically a house that been change to a small cafe. The neighborhood and the area is not quite safe looking and it's under the subway tracks. But it's well worth it. There's only three item on the menu. Chicken pho, beef pho and chicken. The wife been craving for chicken pho ever since she heard about the place. I also been meaning to try it. Trust me I've tried a lot of places. I even try pho from mainland Vietnam. This place have one of the best chicken pho. Ordering is simple, food takes about 5 to 10 minutes for it to come out depending on how busy they are. Good strong ice coffee. Only problem is the look of the place. But I look over that because the food is so good. The broth is really good and no frozen or three days old chicken. The chicken is fresh. They use only just kill chicken. Just a reminder, if they sell out of chicken for that day. They're closing up. So get there soon before 4. If not you might not get any of that great noodle soup.Returned here last month for my brother's graduation. The food was just as good as I remembered from my visit years ago. However, the staff's bad attitude toward their patrons was still there. Disappointing because the patrons are what keeps you in business. The waiters rushed us go order our food and also rushed us to leave bc
Others were waiting. We came on a busy Sunday and the guy working was yelling at people to "Go wait outside until your name is called!" I felt terrible for those he yelled at. They seriously need to review their customer service policy. Seriously.Their place has been awful now. I went from loving this place to being extremely disappointed in their service and food. I always order half chicken here and lately they had been getting smaller and smaller. I confronted the boss about it and in return he threw me an attitude and told me that's how it is. I've been here numerous times and everywhere I look, other people's food is the right proportion except for mines. What kind of business do you do by throwing customer an attitude? This place is getting ridiculous.Clean, perfect chicken broth. The most juicy, plump chicken pieces with addicting lemon pepper salt dipping sauce. Authentic, no-frills restaurant with simply great chicken pho. This place is a treasure of Kensington that everyone should experience.I finally made it here! The hype was definitely on point, I ate every last bit of chicken dipped into the delicious salty, spicy sauce and slurped my broth like I was never going to eat again. I ordered an ice coffee to go and wish they filled up my cup with more coffee than ice. I'll be returning soon!A friend took us here for lunch and I do believe they have no menu, because this place only served ph gà . The chicken meat itself is pretty good, it seems the chicken are raised in the open field, not in the cage like most American chicken. The broth is a little bit salty . Overall it is good experienceI went here during the winter.  I assumed incorrectly that this was the favorite places to go for Pho from my Vietnamese coworker.  It was actually across the street.  I decided to go there right before it closed and was cultured shocked when everyone instantly looked at me when I walked in.  I think the owner figured I was lost and didn't want to eat.  I should walked out but decided what the hell and sat down.
Normally, I get the best Pho at Pho 75 on Adams Avenue in the Northeast.  They are always fresh, fast, and actually has steak Pho unlike this place.  The owner was a bit aggressive in telling me that they were closing soon and noting that he doesn't get too many non-Vietnamese customers.  The owner also could not provide me with a menu and guess I had a crystal ball with me.  Thinking it was strange, I observed that they have just chicken Pho that was mediocre at best.  The owner looked at me like a hawk the entire time I was there.  A bit uncomfortable ehe?  Also, he only took cash.
I don't recommend going to this establishment.  The neighborhood is bad enough to convince people to stay away, but the strange and aggressive behavior of the owner puts it over the top!BEST Pho Ga in the area!!! They only sell one thing here, chicken pho. It's the "best" place visually but it's delicious and flavorful. I love the salt/pepper dip they give you with the chicken. Best of the BEST here!!!Fresh boiled chicken!!! In the ghetto but amazing chicken. 
Only four stars because of poor customer service. The waiter is very rude. Like to throw water on the table and spill them. 
No menu here.I have found my Pho Nirvana.
It is what every Yelper has said who loves this place.
All they do is chicken and they do it right.
Broth is crazy outrageous.  Even more so,  the spicy habanero-spiked sauce they give you to dip the chicken in.
Cafe Su Da is totally legit.   And they give you a huge to-go cup to sip on.  
Will be back soon.I have been here a few times now. I would've given this place a 5 but I feel like it is way over priced. I came with 3 friends. The boys ordered two large bowl of plain pho (just noodles) and two small plain pho with one whole chicken. It came out to be around 48? We thought that the food was good with the broth and chicken being very fresh. Service isn't that great and the neighborhood isn't the nicest either. 
Oh yea, no menu and cash only. Only go if you want chicken pho.Food is good, service really sucks. I don't know where the waiter and waitresses came from but they are very rude. They speak really fast, making it hard to understand.  Always feel rushed and mistreated as a customer. Where do you find these people on earth?This is my favorite place for fresh chicken pho. Whenever I'm in the Philadelphia area we make sure we drive to Cafe Thanh Thanh for their chicken. I don't know how many of my friends I've introduced to this place but nobody's ever said a bad word about it. There are definitely no frills to this place. One of my friends was fascinated by the fact that there's no menu here. You come here for one thing pretty much, steamed chicken with soup & noodles or rice. Prices are pretty affordable considering this is the best, freshest chicken you're going to find without having to dispatch a chicken yourself. For some reason the coke I drink here is also the best I've had. I'm not sure if it goes well with fresh chicken or they spike their ice but it's better than when I drink it elsewhere.What can I say about this place that have not been said in previous positive comments? All I have to add is that I have foodie family members fresh from the motherland who said you can't even find pho this good in Viet Nam. Now... we need one of these in the DMV.It's a hole in a wall that is on the not so safest street but is the food worth it or what!? Chicken pho was unbelievable. Side of half chicken is more than enough to share for three people. But be ready to get more than white and dark chicken. Inner organs are included. Gizzards, liver, blood tofu, etc. The spicy lime dipping sauce for the chicken is very good. But I think I preferred making my own soy sauce with chili mixture on the table for my chicken. Well worth the trip! Highly recommend. 
p.s. Menu is fairly straight forward. Regular or large chicken pho. Side of half chicken or not. That's pretty much it!Not closed on Sunday, yelp!!!
"No menu. We have chicken, and chicken soup" "hot tea ice tea water"
The menu is simple, but its like dining in Vietnam
the dipping sauce for the boiled chicken is amazing...totally authentic lemon leaves and all!
the chicken is bit chewy, which American may mistake as overcooked, but it is part of the dish and purposely prepared that way. Its made from free range chicken, who have actual muscle from moving around all day.
Definitely a must try. Don't let the sketchy area deter you.Great pho ga, probably the best I've had but it helps to know certain things before you come so you're not surprised.
- Located in a very shady part of town.
- They close super early, 6pm. Sometimes they close even earlier so it's best to call before you make the drive.
- Cash only. No tax.
- No menu, order one plain bowl of pho and a half order of chicken.
- No cash register and no receipt. They total up the bill in their head and you hand over the cash at your table.
Other than that, great pho! Really hits the spot.Best hole in the wall place, best pho place, best cheap eats.  
The yellow chicken skin says it all.  The chicken gizzards and the chicken blood cakes.  With that sour sweet dipping sauce will get your mouth watering every time.  
I would recommend this place to anyone.  Even white people venture out to Kensington for this bowl of goodness.   Which is to say a lot!  
Groups of white people drive into the north philly ghetto to sit in a dingy restaurant.  Why?!?!?  Because the food is sooooo good.Excellent friendly, family based all around Vietnamese restaurant, with very good service. Fast and hits the spot for my pho fix. My friend brought me here and said this is the place to be if you are in the area. 
I had the chicken pho and it was delicious. The broth is good and the dipping sauce on the side is made of a very unique blend of lemon grass and other herbs that brings out the flavor of the chicken.
Come and try it out for yourself.Great chicken pho - tried because a foodie friend had heard this was the best pho ga in Philly and it seemed more convenient to get to than Washington (it's down the street from a SEPTA stop). Typical Vietnamese pho experience: no nonsense setting with limited seating, modest decor, and a TV playing Vietnamese shows or music in the back. Broth was great and light, noodles cooked well. Typical add-ins (bean sprout, basil, lime, jalapeno) also brought out along with a dipping sauce that people have raved about (looked like orange peppers?, salt and pepper, and something tangy/citrusy - could be described as zesty!). Also they gave us iced tea (unsweetened?) instead of water automatically but I'm sure you could ask for water. The chicken was also very well cooked, as this is their speciality - super soft and moist! We went early (maybe got there around 11 or a little after) and there was plenty of room for us but halfway through our meal a lot of people came in so we came at a good time!) 
Total was $30 for 1 large, 2 small bowls of plain pho with a half chicken! Would definitely come back!WOW! first time having chicken pho and it was awesome! Delicious, I never knew chicken pho could be so damn good! My girlfriend and I have pho pretty often, given that she's viet and this restaurant knocks the taste buds out of us! Definitely a very authentic looking viet restaurant and best of all, they play viet music to enhance the experience!I only come here for the fresh chicken and dipping sauce! The neighborhood is sketchy...so come at your own risk. I think it's worth it though!Simply put, the best pho ga in the city. They have the richest chicken broth of any pho spot I have ever tried. The location is not the best, but I love the great food and the prompt service.Rude, dirty, small. Seriously, the people who work there are the RUDEST people I've ever dealt with. The owner told us if we wanted to order to go we had to wait outside. Seriously? Do not give these people business, go across the street to thang long a clean and friendly establishment, with just as good food.I went there about two weeks ago on a Saturday.  It was about 2:30pm so the wait was short.  The Pho was really good and the steamed chicken was the best I've ever had.
The service was good enough for me.  The place is small and outdated.  I used the restroom after the meal.  There was no paper towel or hand dryer in the restroom so I had to wipe my hands on my pants.
If the owner cares about the customers and reads their comments, I have a couple suggestions:
1. install an air dryer or mount a paper towel roll holder as this is sanitary matter and it also shows some respect for your customers.  No matter how good your product or service is, it means nothing if you don't have customers. 
2. Give customers some quality paper towels instead of the thin, folded napkins.  The chicken grease is very sticky and most people use their fingers to eat the chicken pieces.  After wiping your hands with the napkins, you'd certainly end up with the napkin pieces stubbornly adhered to your skin.
 I will definitely go back there again in the near future.True to what chicken pho really is!!!! Clear flavorful broth with fresh chopped chicken, it doesn't get more authentic than it does here ... Be a saint and bring your mommy some cause it's the best in the the whole U.S.AI made it here because I doing business in the area a few years ago.  Philly loves their neighborhoods, but this restaurant is in a rough part of town.  When I went in, I was starred at like a zoo attraction, being the only non-Asian person in the place.  Apparently, I was to untrustworthy to order myself, so my bowl of soup (no half chicken) was brought out without me saying what I wanted. Soup was decent.
I would go back and try it again, but I am afraid my car would get stolen.I'm here at Thanh Thanh Cafe for the first time,and their pho taste amazing. This is the 4th pho restaurant I've been to,and by far it's the best. You must come and enjoy a bowl of their beef or chicken pho.The service wasn't really there. Can't really complain since it's an Asian spot. I love pho and my boyfriend show me this place and he said they have the best chicken pho. I didn't believe him until I gave it a try. I couldn't believe how flavorful the broth was. The chicken is always super fresh due to the live poultry place across the street. Would definitely come back again !The place is a hole in the wall, but their pho ga is one of the best. Very fresh & authenticDefinitely not your average Pho place. I usually go to 75 but tried this place out and it's amazing! The service is quick and the food is amazing. 
Came here with my boyfriend and we order two large bowls and half of a chicken. The chicken was fresh and the broth was more chicken, onions, and herbs versus the usual pho aroma. Still everything was great. They have us a dipping sauce which was very citrus-y but worked with the chicken. 
The neighborhood is a little sketch but definitely worth it for the pho!Pho KIng A!!!!
My first time trying Pho Ga was a tasty treat! Who woulda thunk that such deliciousness was happening in the shadow of "The El", a half block from Huntingdon station?
Broth was great, chicken(breast) was moist and flavorful. Noodles al dente, served w/ the usual side suspects.I shall return.I'm not from Philly nor Pennsylvania; people rave and praise that this is the best tasting chicken pho... BUT My sister and I thought it was all right. The chicken was unlike what you usually find at other pho places, instead of slices of chicken breast you get while parts. BUT the chicken was really chewy. Is that good or bad depends on you. The dipping dish was too salty. Broth and noodle were good. So i guess it was... Not bad but not amazing.The chicken pho here is legit. Really like crack, so good. The chicken tasted like it was just killed two hours ago. The broth is clear, not greasy, but still had so much depth. Damn. I love that citrusy sauce they give you for the chicken. What a find, so glad my friend recommended it. Will def be back. 
Yeah, the neighborhood is real shady though, but its worth it. I didn't think the service was bad. It was no frills, you get what you needed. No menus.You know this place is good when you keep coming back year after year. Wait is long and service isnt the best, but no one comes here for that. Its all about the chicken and pho. Hands down the best in the USA (and yes, i have been to nyc and la many times).The best chicken pho in Philly. Wish they weren't cash only sometimes. It's not a problem, but sometimes we forget and then have to walk across the street for an ATM at the nail salon.
The broth is perfect. However, just recently, the chicken order has been getting smaller and smaller and we don't get the whole package like we used to, such as the liver, heart, gizzard, etc. It's just plain chicken now.
Doesn't have a menu. It's pretty much just chicken and pho! I highly recommend this place, be sure to bring cash so that you don't have to walk across the street.I have had many, many bowls of pho ga, but never in my life have I had a bowl of pho ga like this. It's actually so good that I can't order pho ga anywhere else anymore because Pho Ga Thanh Thanh has redefined for me what delicious, well-cooked Pho Ga should taste like. 
I'm not sure why exactly the Pho Ga tastes so good - all the normal ingredients, with three exceptions in my opinion: 1) the broth is amazingly flavorful; 2) the chicken is fresh and moist (not like the dry chicken breast off the bone you get with most pho ga); 3) and do yourself a favor and ask for the salt, pepper, lime, chilli seasoning to dip your chicken in while you're eating. TO DIE FOR.
Yes, it's not in the best location, but whatever. The pho ga is so, so worth it. You're not going for atmosphere or ambiance; you're going for the food, and this place delivers.
Any time I am back in Philadelphia, I ALWAYS make sure to make one or multiple trips here. Again, I have not tasted any Pho Ga like this, east or west coast.This place was excellent. No menu, waiter means business, but smiled in the end when we told him how far we traveled to try the pho here. Lime dipping sauce is excellent, Pho Ga was so superb with a nice homecooked touch. This chicken blood curd was an excellent addition! Would definitely go back!The pho is amazing here, probably the best chicken pho in the city.   to those people slamming this place with 1 star reviews over cleanliness, yo, you're under the EL, stop being anal retentive, enjoy the delicious broth, pay your $8-10, and gtfo!  haha.