I'm not often a coffee drinker but I know good coffee and this place makes outstanding coffee.  They also stock a decent brand of tea, Novus tea, which, if you're interested in rating and reviewing, you can find on my site RateTea: http://ratetea.net/brand/novus/34/
I like the decor of this place.  Old pictures of classic Latino musicians, mostly Cuban, line one of the walls, and some quirky decor and healthy green plants fill the front window, which has a pleasant although not particularly bright view.  Most of the tables are small.  Oh, and this place has the most creative trash receptacle that I have ever seen.  Check it out!
I found the employees quiet and reserved but very friendly.
Why not five stars?  It's just too quiet of a place for me, not lively enough.  The vibe here is very quiet, reserved, and private, even though it's a relatively tight space.  Maybe this is a function of being too close to Penn, and being used primarily as a study spot for Penn students on their laptops rather than being a place with more of a neighborhood feel like some of the places further west.  I felt almost like I was disturbing the peace just having an average-volume conversation with one of my friends.  The back room is a bit more cozy and comfy though.
The wireless is spotty.  However, the staff here are concerned about the wireless though, and they reset the router and got things working once when a few people were having trouble.
BTW, the salsa band that plays here off and on is AMAZING.  If you have a chance to see it, come out.  It is one of the best live bands I've ever heard perfom...very raw and spontaneous...old-school, traditional salsa.  And just amazing.Things that make me happy about Cafe Clave:
The coffee 'for here' is expensive ($2.50) and small, but you get a free refill. This is awesome for those of us who drink our coffee slowly. You get the same quantity as you would at most other coffeeshops, but you don't have to suffer through a cold second half of your mug. It's good coffee, too.
There's a good studying ambiance - it's fairly quiet, there are lots of tables, and there's a designated quiet back room (although there are no windows and it can get pretty cold back there).
There are a couple tables outside, which is nice in the summertime.
It's blue!
Things that make me sad about Cafe Clave: 
Cash only. I get that it's expensive to take cards, but at this point, it's just a basic customer service.
Ordering a bagel with cream cheese gets you a bagel, a knife, and a little pod of cream cheese. Two issues with this: 1) I like my bagels with a lot of cream cheese, and this little pod doesn't cut it. 2) It's wasteful!  There's no need to be handing out little plastic pods when the baristas could add cream cheese from a nice big vat for you.
All in all, this is a solid 3.5. I'm rounding down because I'm feeling moody about the bagel situation, but an upgrade is a definite possibility.Cubanisimo! 
This place is pretty rad. It feels a little bit like the "Other Greenline" but without the pretentious bitch behind the counter. Nice folks indeed who will serve you your coffee anyway you like it and they'll do it with a smile. They have empanadas. Wahoo! Good coffee and free wifi too. If I were still in my college days I would hole up in here and never leave. I'd eat great locally baked goods, drink good coffee, and nom on empanadas forever. How would I ever get any studying in?
welcome (back?) to the hood.You've gotta like a place that has good music, good coffee and tea and friendly counter people. (Their chai mix is right on the button with a tasty mix of spices. Mmmm!) But you really have to love it when you ask if they'll consider adding gluten-free menu items and they do so immediately! 
Tasty selections from Amaranth Gluten-Free Bakery include: gluten-free raisin bread (2 slices with butter & cinnamon sugar for $3) and trail mix cookies (4 for $3). Also to come: gluten-free coconutty granola with pepitas (just sweet enough and pretty filling) and Mexican Wedding cookies (a crumbly, almond-y, powdered-sugary delight).
I'm so thrilled to have a cafe right around the corner that is willing to accommodate me with gluten-free items. If you're out in University City, stroll on down to Locust and 43rd and eat, sip and sit in comfort and deliciousness!In a city of great cafes, Cafe Clave has managed to quickly make its way to my short list of favorites.  The atmosphere is excellent; the staff and owner are friendly and genuine; the service is fast; and the coffee and food are delicious.
Some things I love about this place:
-- the coffee cups and saucers (just the right size and shape)
-- the empanadas and spinach pie (delicious snacks at a good price)
-- the chocolate cake (moist, soft, perfectly chocolaty without going overboard)
-- the fidel sketches on the wall
-- the chalkboard menu
-- there is something about the air in this place that relaxes me instantly.I did not discover Clave until the beginning of this year, unfortunately. I live a few steps from the Greenline on Baltimore Ave., and made that my go-to coffeeshop; I'm delighted that I gave Clave a chance! 
First, the space has such a unique feel to it. Bright, colorful walls, album covers & photos of Cuba. A mass of tropical plants in the front window. I feel far from West Philly when I walk through the door. I have to be honest and say that the coffee itself is not my favorite among local coffee shops; sometimes it tastes burnt. Give me a cappucino or cafe au lait, and everything is A-Ok. Clave offers a delicious variety of breakfast items, and small bites. The blueberry scone I had was one of the best I've ever tasted, and I've tried many. Not too sweet, not too dry, just enough fruit. The Jewish apple cake is out of this world! Moist, and again, not too sweet, with nice sized pieces of apple. Great for breakfast or dessert. They offer Cuban small plates, such as empanadas, which I've yet to try, as well as interesting sandwiches. Be sure to try the one with queso blanco and guava jelly; interesting flavor combination. 
I usually find myelf at Clave on a Saturday or Sunday, mid-morning, and Greg always seems to be behind the counter; he is one of the friendliest people in the service industry! Also, the music he plays is awesome. A varied selection that always has me asking who the musician is. I believe there is live music on Friday nights, and I'm hoping to stop by this week to savor my last moments at this lovely little cafe, since I will be moving out of the area next week.This place has the most beautiful walls.  And good coffee, good homemade cake and other food, good music, genuinely friendly people, fast wireless, and comfortable seating, too.  But, the walls are just gorgeous.  Rich, warm orange, blue, and green, decorated with album covers and drawings and old maps, and flooded with outside light through the big front window.  I feel cheered up just being in here.  My favorite coffeeshop in West Philly (and there are LOTS of choices).
Edit:  I almost forgot, twice I came in and realized I didn't have cash, and the owner told me not to worry about going to an ATM right then, but to just order what I wanted and pay next time I was there.  So nice!Eh.  I remembered this place as being better than it now is.  Is it under new ownership?  The service has declined, and my drink wasn't very good.  Also severely reduced are the vegan options I remember from a few years ago.  If it were in a different area, Cafe Clave could still get my cautious recommendation, but with Green Line so nearby, why bother?I don't have much to add to the existing raves of this place; pretty standard coffeehouse fare but the Cuban options are great.  Cafe Cubano (espresso + raw sugar with a dollop of milk on top) was excellent.  Beef empanada is served with olive oil which was also great.  Too bad they're out of Cuban sandwiches today; I was looking forward to trying one.This is my favorite UC coffee shop. Great ambiance and great music. The Friday night live Salsa music is also pretty cool. And, maybe most important, good wifi. 
Also... the people who hang out here are way cooler than the Green Line crowd, especially the yoga tattoo woman.Finally stopped in the other day for a coffee on my walk to work. What a cute little place! I hadn't been in since the Other Green Line days, and the new paint job, chalk board, and tables and chairs are a great improvement! The prices are reasonable, and while I didn't get any food, it looked good! Also - they got plain soy milk. Nice.There's a back room (not that kind) here that's a great quiet work area. 
They have free internet. That actually works. 
Everyone who works there is very nice. That's the end of the good list. 
Everyone who works there is nice, but the staff needs a serious instruction course in beverage making. There should be more chocolate than vanilla syrup in hot chocolate--perhaps no vanilla syrup at all. A latte is a shot of espresso with a lot of milk, not a lot of watery espresso with a little milk. I want to love Cafe Clave, but the combination of wasting money on bad drinks and overpriced food options is ruining it. Seriously, a bagel with cream cheese is a full $1 more than the place two blocks away.Good coffee (though the espresso machine was messed up for my last visit-- I usually get drip but I wanted a red-eye and it didn't turn out so well); good prices and refills are affordable; Great place to study/work/read-- the study room in back is chilly but beats a library.  I havn't tried much food, but the empenada that I had was good.  A good snack and feels better than getting a bagel.  The ambiance is great here too-- the plants in the front window really add to the atmosphere.  Cute place. Is this really 5-star worthy?  Pretty much for West-Philly.  Not sure how to top it unless they had a garden patio-- but hey, can't get it all....I really like Cafe Clave and I'm glad I found it on Yelp when trying to find a local place to study.  
It's an easy place to miss right across from the CVS.  I'm always surprised so many people know about it as it's never empty.
The back area is my favorite because I can get down and study in a quiet environment.  
The chai tea is good and the coffees are well made.  I have tried a variety of their treats...unfortunately I didn't like anything besides the lemon poundcake.  
I haven't been back for several months because the food turned me off, but it really is a great place to study with semi-reasonable prices.It's always nice when something that gets a lot of good reviews turns out to be worthy of them. 
     Cafe Clave is about half a block west of 43rd st on Locus in a nice tree lined semi-residential area. The space itself is small to medium sized with a fair number of tables and a lot of UnderQuakers studying and tapping away at laptops. The wall to the left has a display of different jazz, Cuban/Latin American music, and Duane Allman record covers on it. Props for having Mongo Live At The Village Gate.
    I ordered chicken empanadas and a cuban sandwich. The food came out after a short wait. The empanada was very nice. A little different than ones I've had previously in that the skin was thinner and flakier and I believe they baked it instead of frying it. The filling was very tasty. One minor quibble I had was that I got one(1) empanada when the item on the board said empanada(s) plural. The cuban sandwich was a nice blend of pressed ham, cheese and pickle on a toasted bun. The mustard on the sandwich was also pretty good as well and complimented the ham.
    I ended up getting an Americano to go. The server/drink maker asked me how strong I liked it. Of course I like it pretty strong. However she adjusted it when I realized she was going to pour two good sized shots into a small cup. It's nice to get that level of service.
The total for all of this, about 12.25. Not too shabby.
Good food, good space, good service. I'll be back.I recently moved into a neighborhood with no coffee shop (much less the two this one has--Green Line is just up the block) and so maybe it's nostalgia that makes me miss it so much, but Cafe Clave always had a welcoming atmosphere and a great cappuccino.  Since they opened up the new room in the back, my only complaint (a lack of space) has been nullified.  They make good coffee, they have a good atmosphere, and they know their audience (vegan and vegetarian options galore).  It's not reinventing the wheel, but they know what they're doing, and they don't try too hard to be hip.  For the comfy, welcoming atmosphere alone, they get the first three stars (the fourth is for the cappuccinos).I like this place almost as much as Green Line.  They have good soy lattes, and the last time I went, they had vegan banana bread, which was a delicious treat.  The revolutionary decor is interesting;  it occurs to me that perhaps it's rare for Cubans who come to the U.S. to be even mildly pro-Castro, but here, I infer from the artwork, we have an exception.This morning I had three goals: 1. get toothpaste 2. find coffee close to new apartment 3. get latte
I accomplished all three and then some by stumbling into Cafe Clave after getting said toothpaste at the CVS across the street. 
Let's count the good things:
1. Right off the bat, the hours are great: 7AM -9PM everyday. Didn't notice diff weekend hours, but I could be wrong.
2. There are plants in the window - this tells me that someone actually cares about things in this place. 
3. Free Wifi
4. The girl preparing my latte was very friendly and upbeat - what more could I ask for at 8AM? Well.... I did ask for a latte, which leads me to:
5.  Latte itself: great tasting
6. Price - they take cash only, however, the prices not bad. The food there is inexpensive and their drinks are average coffee shop prices. My large latte cost $4 even.I went to Café Clave yesterday to do some reading and explore West Philly. I enjoyed my chicken empanada and iced chai, and the atmosphere inside the café was calm and colorful. I liked the music they were playing, and the vibe was good overall. The only problem I had was that there was a loud and rude hobo outside who was really disturbing my reading, and I did not want to go into the quiet reading room in the back because of how pretty the weather was. Along the same lines, I wish they had set up more tables outside so that more people could have sat enjoyed the weather. I will be back because, as I said, the food and drink was good, and I enjoyed the vibe.I love this place, I come here all the time they are an amazing group of people and I always feel incredibly welcome.Cafe Clave is a cultural and genuine place.  Conveniently located by the laundromat, the lattes, service, vibe and decor are great.  I really don't know what else to say about it except that it would fit in really well in Atwater Village or Silverlake, Los Angeles, California.
Two drawbacks:
-- It's cash only, which I understand is the case for many smaller establishments but I still don't like it!  I live on futures, and if they accepted credit cards I probably would've spent at least $10 more for their overpriced food, my second drawback:
-- The food is expensive!  $1.50 for a bagel and an extra dollar to add peanut butter and jelly?!  And a puny sandwich is over $5.This is my favorite coffee place in West Philly. While the outside is not the prettiest, the inside is perfect. It is comfortable, well spaced, and decorated with a cool series of obscure latin records. The coffee is great although a bit pricier (comes with refills) than the green line, earth cup, and lovers&madmen. 
One of the real charms of this place is that it has a silent study area in the back replete with couches, desks, and tables. People respect this area and it turns out to be a really productive little zone.On my search for good chai, I though I'd stop by Cafe Clave at the recommendation of a friend.  Unfortunately, I was extremely disappointed.  The chai tastes pretty much like water with spice in it.  Not cool.
I still give it two stars, because it has a nice atmosphere for those seeking a space to plug in and crank out work.  Sadly, the terrible chai has left me too distracted to be productive!
Be aware, this is cash only (another one of my pet peeves)!For being a very very short walk to this cafe for me, I think this is a great cafe for studying, meeting up with old friends or simply hanging out. The cakes are decent and what you would want them to be. Loads of sugary sweet goodness. The coffee is decent. Not absolutely fantastic and their empenadas are just OK. Everything there is good but not stellar. The ambiance is what I go for and the fact that I can usually get stuff done with the backroom available. I can really focus and that's what I really need this place to be.My friend and I stumbled across this cafe because we didn't want to stop in Green Line to use bathroom - so I saw a flashing sign that said 'coffee'. 
They sell Empanadas, Spinach Pie, panini's and Cubano Sandwiches, as well as pastires and Torreo Coffee (which is a local coffee roaster).
The cafe itself, is long and narrow, with pained walls and artwork lined on all walls. All tables were full so we had to get our order to go. 
The staff was friendly and the hours 8am - 9pm Su-Sat is good. We plan to come back to visit when there's a table available....
Cash only establishmentI like this place much better than its counterpart 2 blocks west. Cafe Clave is cozy and the service is reliable. Let's face it, many of us now use cafes as our "third spaces" between work and home--a place to do work in a casual and homelike environment. Cafe Clave is a wonderful "third space" in this regard. The wifi access is ample, stable, and seemingly able to support many computers at any given time. The study space in the back is wonderful for when you have to hunker down and hit the books. And all that said, the Cuban coffee preparations are a welcome change of pace. 
This isn't a gourmet coffee-nerd kind of place, but as someone who doesn't like to do work at home, it's a staple.Love the staff and music selection, good organic fair trade coffee at average West Philly coffeehouse prices. In house first refill is free but no cheaper than the refills at Green Line. The mood is much calmer however and I dig the window plants and year round Christmas lights.
I don't know why pastries are so outrageously priced at coffee shops everywhere, unfortunately Cafe Clave is no exception, although the selection is better than most other cafes and the stuff looks pretty fresh. I just can't seem to bear paying $2.50 for a slice of pound cake. 
That being said I'd like to come back and try Norma's own empanadas, THAT may be worth some change =)The warm, sunflower-shaded walls lined with charming local art and antiquated maps of the Caribbean welcome patrons to this local student favorite.  While the menu is a bit pricier than its competition (a large coffee will run you $2.25), there is a decent variety of foodstuffs and drinks to sate your appetite.  I particularly recommend their cheese empanada, which comes with a side of olive oil and balsamic vinegar.
This cafe is excellent for studying, people-watching, or just chatting with friends while enjoying the baristas' eclectic music choice (everything from the Buena Vista Social Club to Pink Floyd).  Unfortunately, the cafe can become crowded on weekends and evenings with studious patrons enjoying the free wi-fi.  Other than that, I heartily recommend this novel West Philly cafe.Good coffee and ambiance.  And free wi-fi... woo hoo!Clave isn't the best coffeehouse in the area--that would easily belong to Kaffa Crossing on 44th and Chestnut--but it's got an awesome vibe, great music, and friendly people working there. I love that there are free refills for  in-house coffee and discounts on the rest. My only complaints are that the food is a little too pricey and that it can be damn near impossible to function--let alone read or study--when the barrista starts playing the bongos. I mean, it's unbelievable loud even if it sounds ok, and always makes everyone get a little awkward until he stops.Unpretentious, good coffee, and a friendly staff.  What more do you need in a coffee shop?  Best soy latte that i've found in University City.  The cubano flair and other touches (an old drum barrel used as a trash can, etc) makes it a little more fun than your standard coffee shop.  They have live latin music on Friday nights, but I haven't made it out for that yet.Love the cafe cubanos here. It's a great place to post up and study for a few hours, especially in the back room. The coffee isn't too expensive, and the food is pretty good, even if it's a bit pricey for the sizes.Interesting coffee shop. Has a "quiet study room" in the back for those of you who are hard core silent studies. Don't be ashamed. You know who you are. Just stop glaring at us out here when we're having a good time doing our thing! :)
I couldn't turn down the home made empanada. I got the chorizo one, and it was pretty good. However, I think next time, I'll try their home made tamales. 
Maybe it was just the one time we went, but they have advertisements about their "live music." and oddly, as we sat in there, studying/reading, there was no music playing overhead. Like - it was silent. The whole place was silent. It was like the rear quiet study room had mysteriously expanded to the whole place. good thing I had my earphones.
anyway, the coffee was pretty good, as was the hot apple cider. Overall, it's a pretty nice place to get some work done and the inside space is much more generous than the outside of the place suggests.Cafe Clave really impressed me.  Their iced coffee was much more potent than what I've had at other cafes, and I like my coffee strong.  I also tried a black bean and a chorizo/potato empanada, both of which were very tasty.  Additionally, the service is extremely friendly!  I'll definitely be back.Cafe Clave's coffee is pretty good. There's also a small selection of food items. Their pastries aren't out of this world, and a bit on the drier/flavorless side, but they are adequate for their purpose. I really wanted to like their empanadas, since they are not typically offered in cafes and other people seem to like them, but for ~$4 each, they are rather stingy on the filling, and once again: dry and flavorless. Their grilled cheese sandwiches are just as one might make them at home while on a budget - two slices of sandwich bread with a slice of American cheese in between. I only order the food here when I'm really hungry, always accompanied by a drink to mitigate the dryness. 
Food items aside, I really like to come here because of the atmosphere. There's an entire room in the back if one is looking for a quiet place to study. There is no wi-fi, so it's probably a better environment for people studying the old-school way with textbook and paper. However, there is a limited number of electrical outlets for people bringing their laptops. Most people who come here seem pretty happy. It might be worth noting that this place accepts CASH ONLY.Strolling along Locust Street on a chilly fall afternoon, I was wondering what might happen to the recently vacated Other Green Line Cafe (which relocated to the corner of 45th & Locust).  A clothing boutique?  A record store?  One can dream.  Lo and behold - it was ANOTHER coffeeshop!  I found this strange - how could they be competitive?  With the new Green Line up the street, and Kaffa Crossing not far up on Chestnut, it seems that West Philly is reaching the same level of caffeine saturation as Bella Vista and Queen Village.
Don't be fooled, however - Cafe Clave has established itself as one that will stand out from the rest of the herd.  I walked inside to a beautifully decorated and designed space - which the former Green Line had been seriously lacking.  Cuban inspired, the walls were painted in a gorgeous golden yellow, decorated with old maps of Cuba and record covers of famous Cuban musicians.  
The coffee menu was simple - and included a favorite of mine that is hard to come by in Philadelphia - the Cafe Cubano.  A shot of espresso that is packed with raw sugar - creating a delicious, sweet shot that could never be achieved by adding packets of sugar after the fact.  The coffee nerd inside of me rejoiced, for this drink was the stuff of heaven.
As Cuban music drifted in the background, it felt as though I had stepped into Havana for that moment.  Finally, a cafe that achieves perfection without the pretentiousness and stiffness of other area establishments.  Cafe Clave, this is the beginning of a long and satisfying relationship.
PS. The sign outside advertised tapas.  I'll make sure to investigate this upon my next visit.  And they want to have live music!  Score.While exploring West Philly, I was looking for somewhere to grab something light to eat, so I happened upon Cafe Clave in hopes that they would have something that tickled my tastebuds.  Surely enough, they did! You can tell by the menu and the decor that there is definitely a Latino influence fused with that laid-back corner coffee shop atmosphere that is synonymous with neighborhoods such as this one that cater greatly to college students, recent grads, and 20-30somethings.  After scanning the vast selection boasted by the cafe's menu, I settled on a chicken empanada and an iced coffee.  In addition, the cafe has a quiet study room for anyone looking to read or study in peace without worrying about extraneous distractions which also doubles as a listening room for live music; mostly jazz and Cuban fusion.  The staff was very friendly and kindly brought me my order and took my dishes away when I was finished.  Looking forward to trying more of what Cafe Clave has to offer!I still like this place, but I have a complaint.... a DOG should NEVER be allowed INSIDE the restaurant!!! I went here yesterday, and there was actually a DOG inside. Not a SEEING-EYE dog, just a DOG... and no one there BATTED AN EYE as the dog's fur flew all over the place.  Not a good look at all!!Turns out I was being too moody when I wrote my last review after all.  There's a lot to love about Cafe Clave.  
Number one is great coffee. Bad coffee is a rookie mistake, and it's where a lot of West Philly coffeeshops lose major stars.  Cafe Clave brews La Colombe and brews it well.  Number two is a lovely ambiance - colorful and relaxed, but quiet enough to get some work done.  There's a "quiet study area" in the back, and you can usually find a table there, but it's not nearly as pretty as the rest of the place.  Number three is plentiful outlets and reliable wireless.  Numbers four, five, and six are friendly baristas, your first coffee refill free (50 cents after that), and empanadas - in that order.
Two pet peeves that keep it from being a five-star joint.  They're cash only, which drives me bonkers  (although it does give me the chance to play one of my favorite games: use the CVS across the street as an ATM).  They also commit the cardinal sin of cream cheese "pods."  (Vats = less wasted pods and more yummy cream cheese.)
Hooray for my new favorite coffeeshop!Best coffee in the neighborhood.  It does get rather crowded sometimes, but they're planning on expanding the seating area into the back of the building soon.  I'm looking forward to live Latin music on Friday nights!This is a great cafe to get some Cuban espresso or delicious empanadas and Cuban sandiches.  I love nothing more than a combination of good espresso, friendly service, and good food.  There's free Wi-Fi too, for all you fellow indentured servants (um, students, I mean) out there.Cappuccino, strong but bitter 4/5. Empanada pretty dang good 5/5. Iced mocha, too sweet 3/5. Overall 4/5.Wow, the coffee here is good.
We came in this morning for breakfast and got homemade empanadas (the manager's mom makes them) and spanakopita, both excellent.  But wow, that was some awesome coffee.  It's rich and complex, with a lingering flavor.
Minus: They had run out of Cuban sandwich fixings and beef empanadas.  We had to do with cheese and chicken empanadas.
Plus: Did I mention the coffee?I really wanted to like this place, because it is near my house and other people gave it high ratings.  I enjoyed the 'alternative' ambiance, etc.  But my soy latte was improperly frothed, something that I cannot take lightly.  The milk had been over-bubbled, and did not mingle well with the coffee, meaning that first I drank bubbles, and then I drank some very bitter coffee.  I will look up what kind of coffee they serve (as I don't recall), but frankly, I was unimpressed.  
They do, however, have very nice service.  When I asked for more milk for my coffee, he steamed some up for me and added it to my cup.  It was also much less expensive than other places, and soy lattes were even on the main menu.  Such a pity they do not do them well.I'd assert Café Clave is good enough to win out over Green Line Locust (the two cafés are equidistant from my house), but this has more to do with the lackluster traits of GL and less with Café Clave's own splendor.
I come to Café Clave quite often to use their unfaltering free wireless signal (they're also equipped with AMPLE adapter plugs, which is great) and partake in their Ethiopian coffee, which is one of the best coffees i've had at a café in West Philly thusfar.
Other pluses include their music selection (which has been known to include The Kinks, T Rex, and some good XPN jams), day-old baked goods, and free samples of pound cakes and cookies and things.
This said, there are some things about Café Clave that consistently irk me and bring their star-age down to a mere 3 (in comparison to other local cafés within a competitive distance).
- No loose-leaf tea. This is a STAPLE to any good coffee place (Satellite, Green Line). Maybe i'm stuffy (actually, call it frugal), but I refuse to pay $2 for a sachet of prepackaged tea when you can get TWENTY sachets at the super market for less than 4 bucks. Part of the intrigue of many good cafés is their encyclopedic array of tea. This shows that the owners care about what they do. Maybe the Cuban theme negates reverence to tea. I'm not sure.
- Their coffee cups are REALLY SMALL. Given, a cup of coffee "for here" allows one free refill, but the ceramic cups in which coffee is served seem to be no more than 8 oz (not counting the "room for cream" that's often generously apportioned without question), which means that after you down it in under 5 minutes, you'll have to wait in line again (or at least stand up and interrupt your conversation/work/whatever) to get your free refill. I'd suggest getting bigger mugs and nixing the refill all together.
- I had an empanada once that was touted to be "four cheese" and it turned out to be quite small and bland with nary a cheesiness to speak of (but their grilled cheeses are good and cost a little less).
- No alternative sitting locations beyond chairs at tables. To me, a good café has at least one couch, upholstered chair, or banquette. Those that don't seem to attract the laptop worker rather than the "chill-out-and-hang" type that makes cafés an enjoyable social experience.
- While the decor is bright, it gives off a bit of an ambivalent air to me...  For instance, there are awesome potted plants that seem to be well-kept, but they're merely plunked down in the front window. I think more could be done in the vein of interior design to enhance the café goer's experience.
So go to Café Clave if you're waiting for your laundry to dry next door, if you need a good internet signal, or if you really do have a hankering for their Cuban specialties, but if this isn't the case, I'd suggest moseying on over to somewhere more inviting that bags their own tea.definitely a good study spot. free wifi and lotsa plugs. very friendly service. feels like im studying in someone's cozy dining room. they even give out free beverage tastings!
i tried their homemade chai. not too bad. definitely not as sweet as i'm used to. i likes!Really love this place to do work. Coffee is great; smoothies are great and the food is great. A little bit expensive but worth it .Great for productivity or catching up with a friend. Until the live music arrives!
Try the empanadas and smoothies.
Cash only.I used to go to this place all the time but now not so much.  I still really really like the coffee here (the cubano is really strong which I like first thing in the morning) but I don't live as close by anymore and have other coffee shops more conveniently located to my apartment.
I always liked the empanadas here but found them a little pricey and since Manakeesh has opened I've found it worth the extra block or two to get a freshly made flatbread instead.  Sorry!
Outdoor seating in summertime is nice though.Not only does Clave have the nicest staff, they also have consistently good coffee and espresso drinks. Tasty muffins, pastries, cookies, some vegan too.   I love the wide variety of music and relaxed decor.  Good sized tables and plenty of plugs for your computer.  The atmosphere always helps me to get my work done.  Cafe Clave is easily my favorite cafe.Stopped in today before running to a meeting for a meal-replacement latte. Not enough time to eat, so coffee must do.
I got a small pumpkin spice latte (I like them too much) that cost me $3.50 and was half foam.
Now, I really like the foam. But that's only on top of the volume of the cup. I want my latte to be MOSTLY coffee and a little foam. 
Too much of a good thing can be bad. Especially when it costs you so much.baristas are nice but seem resigned. prices feel higher than I want to pay at this place.Just stopped there for lunch earlier today and had a chicken empanada that was way too small and overpriced, but DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!  Wow.... I wish I had ordered two. Used to go here all the time when it was Green Line.  I think I'll return to get another one of those empanadas. YUM!!!!!!!!Great people, great place.  Woulda beat Green Line and got 5 stars if it wasn't for the girly-man air conditioning .It takes a lot for me to like a coffeeshop. Luckily, Cafe Clave definitely delivers.
As a student, I often get the brush-off at 'alternative' coffeeshops...here the service was really nice and friendly about recommending the best of their baked goods. It was also super quick, no line, which I appreciate. But, best of all? The iced coffee here is GOOD. I don't know which brand of coffee they brew, but I've walked way out of my way to get a coffee here and then go about my day. 
One note about the atmosphere-it's more of a working atmosphere than a 'soft conversation' place...I'd be more comfortable bringing my laptop than a friend, at least on Saturday/Sunday afternoons.5 stars for being exactly what it is supposed to be-- a local coffee shop with good coffee, friendly baristas, tasty snacks, and consistent wireless internet.
The perfect place to catch up with a friend, read a book, or grade a few papers.
Check out the back room if you can't find a table; I didn't know it existed until over a year after my first visit!I love studying at cafes and Cafe Clave is one of my favorites for sure. Kudos for them having a quiet study room in the back!
Apart from their coffee that I do enjoy very much so, their tea list also exceeds expectations. I remember trying their fruity one once. That, coupled with the cute decor with large windows and plotted plants really kickstarted me to work. 
In terms of food, Cafe Clave focuses more on offering little snacks and sweets than a full blown meal so do not come looking for lunch or dinner - their selection is more limited in that area.Lately, I've felt rather let down by Clave, and I really hate to say that about my favorite local cafe. It makes baby Jesus weep, too.
Their gluten-free selection has been almost nonexistent of late and no GF raisin bread in months(!!!), which is a major bummer. Maybe they should look to another GF bakery, since Ameranth does not seem to be coming through. 
Also, they technically open at 8, but the last few times I've been there they haven't been open and now that I work a 9-to-5, I need my caffeine fix early. Alas, I get my tea-based caffeine from Starbucks and have to hunt around for GF treats. On the plus side, I'm eating more fruit, but I want carby munches for my brekky!UPDATE:  Camped out here for a number of days preparing for an exam.  It's worth your while to ask the owner-barista to practice his Cuban drums.  It is loud, but worth it.  The Cuban sandwich/panini thing ($5) is good, though a wee bit pricey for what you get.  
----
I definitely like the coffee blend used here than anything I've had at Bucks, Starbucks, or the Green Line.  It is milder, without the aftertaste you get elsewhere.
Nice, homey feel.  Definitely a place I'll go back to on the weekends to do work.  It'll be interesting to see how this place competes against the new, big Green Line barely a block away. (I personally like the feel of this place more than the new Locust GL).  As far as environment is concerned, it is a toss up as to if I'll go to the Baltimore GL or to this place.  Time will tell.  There's talk of them bringing in live music (or having the owner/barista play his salsa music).  I hope that happens.  
Got a large latte for $3.25, so prices aren't too bad.I'm going to have to echo the previous reviews on this one. Cafe Clave is indeed a perfect coffee shop. And it's Muy Cubanismo which makes it another perfect addition to West Philly. But according to City Paper it also had a little bit of history to West Philly and it's going back to it's roots. It first came to the spot it's now located in from 2003 to 2004. And when The Other Green Line moved out the owner decided to reclaim his spot on the map. I'm big time happy for that because it's nothing short of fantastic.
When I first walked in my minds eye was swirled by Castro caricatures and Cuban music. I was tempted to get one of the amazing sounding Cuban sandwiches (only $5!) to go along with the mood but I wasn't incredibly hungry. So I scoped out there tempting looking desserts and found an equal amount of regular and veggie treats. I settled on a vegan apple date bar and it was nothing short of stellar. it was definitely one of the freshest dessert bars I've ever had, and it was all kinds of  crisp and fruity. I also had a vanilla latte and it was all kinds of smooth.
While I was being helped the owner, Armen "Gooch" Terzian, came out to check on people, and you could instantly tell he was filled with positive energy. from the time that I was in line, to when I was chilling outside he continually came out to make sure that things were all good. For things like that I'm definitely recommending Cafe Clave. But I'm ESPECIALLY recommending Cafe Clave if you're a musician because it looks like Gooch is a percussionist who encourages people to come in and jam. Sounds like my kind of place!