Tomato bisque on a snowy day? Yes, please! I love their soup because it strikes the right balance between tart and creamy, with a nice bite from little bits of onion and black pepper. The consistency is also great as it is not too watery. I've also had their daily quiches twice now. On my most recent visit, it was brie cheese with a red pepper relish. Though the quiches are tasty, I have to say they are just too oily for my liking. Regardless, I would stop by again to have some more tomato bisque!!We just recently stumbled upon this amazing spot this summer.  Since then we have had several delicious meals (breakfast and lunch) and are trying to become regulars!  The waitstaff is super friendly.  This cafe truly reminds me of Paris.  The iced cappuccinos are my favorite.  The soup is off the charts-absolutely order the tomato bisque.  Be sure to check this place out soon for breakfast or lunch!One of my fav breakfast/lunch spots, especially during warm-weather days.  Perhaps the best chicken salad-salad around!  Iced coffee is a must as well.  
Snag a table outside if you can and be sure to bring cash (but you won't need too much of it - this place is super affordable!)Went back to give this place another chance...and as a result, i think I can chalk up my previous experience to an off day at this place. This time I tried one of their sandwiches, and I must say, it was quite delicious. I just wish the ratio of salami to the cheese wold have been a bit more even, but it was a very decent sandwich nonetheless. Still a bit pricey, and I think the sandwiches at Bacchus market one block over is more bang for the buck, but this is a very cozy place to grab a bite with a friends. I did notice the owners paying a lot of attention to the kids that were in the cafe with their parents, and that was very nice.My boyfriend and I finally tried this place out a few weeks ago and have been back three times already! It's a quaint cafe that reminds me of a trip to France I took four years ago. It's a bit small inside, but the outdoor seating is great when the weather is nice. The servers are always friendly. The coffee is great and they make a cool design in the froth of their lattes. The food, which is mainly soups, sandwiches, quiche, and salads is homemade and very good.I love restaurants that are clearly the front of someone's house.  No pretention, no fuse, just love for serving.  Cafe Lutecia had some really charming features.  Small, tight tables make it feel intimate.  No pressure to order or pay.  And the abundance of French spoken all deliver character.  That said, I found the food a little lacking.  It just didn't have the rich, smooth flavors I expect from French cuisine.  Overall, nice place but I'm not sure it holds up against some other great breakfast spots in the area.I LOVE their tomato bisque, Alecia sandwich and Tolosa sandwich! I've been coming here for more than 10 years and it is truly a Philly institution.Great combos for lunch! I tend to go soup and sandwich but the other options work as well. Reasonable pricing and food sizes for the area, however, the quality makes it all worth it.I have nothing but good things to say about this place.  Everything I've had here has been top-notch in quality.  The service is great, the atmosphere is cozy, and the ingredients are fresh.  
They offer both traditional French fare, with a healthy rotation of experimental soups and quiches.  Today I had the petit dejeuner francais, and it was excellent.  It came with a crispy baguette, a buttery croissant, fresh-squeezed orange juice, and an espresso topped with whipped cream.  
This is currently my favorite cafe in Philly.Simply wonderful! Looking for some comfort goodness today and I knew exactly where to turn. I have been wanting to visit Cafe Lutecia ever since moving to the neighborhood and this was the perfect occasion. 
The bf and I ordered two soups (tomato bisque and a red pepper and crab bisque) and two sandwiches (croque monsieur and brie w/basil and tomato). The soups were absolutely phenomenal - warm, thick and absolutely perfect. The sandwiches need separate mention. The croque monsieur was good albeit a bit heavy, though not surprising considering the ingredients. The brie with basil and tomato sandwich was full out awesome. It was super simple but the ingredients were extremely fresh and wonderful. The brie was so perfect and cut into the perfect thickness; not so thick it was all I could taste and not so thin I wondered why I paid the money to taste it. 
The prices are a bit steep but the products are worth the extra cash. Two sandwiches and two soups came to $30 which is a little steep for a simple lunch but considering I needed the comfort and the pick-me-up, well that's a cheap fix!I was meeting a friend for breakfast in the area. I have seen this place a MILLION-ZILLION times as I drive by and always see people smiling while they are there.
We came in for coffee and a little breakfast. This place is no extensive restaurant, but fits the bill for a quick coffee, snack, and food. Cozy, Warm, and you can tell there are lots of regulars.
Don't come here if you are looking to have a gigantic meal. However, for a little snack. Yes. Definitely.Cafe Lutecia is the kind of place you want to go when you're in the mood to be at a small cafe in France but don't have your passport handy. For breakfast you can enjoy a variety of quiche, bagels, or baked goodies (croissant, anyone?) and lunch offers a broader menu of soup, salad, and sandwiches. Go often enough and the owners, Valerie and John, will start to recognize you as a regular. It's a great neighborhood cafe and has become one of my favorite places in the city. That's saying a lot!This place is cute, a bit cramped (the tables are shoved very close together) but when it's nice outside the outdoor tables alleviate some of the press. I really like the waiter I've had both times we went; he's very courteous. I also like listening to the chef talking behind the counter, her accent sounds a lot like my aunt's. Very homey and familiar!
The menu is not extensive but you don't really want it to be. The "combination" is a great deal: for $8 you get a very LARGE bowl of soup with some bread, and a half of either a cold sandwich, which is also rather large, a quiche, or a salad. So far I have tried the quiche Lorraine (quiches switch daily, it was all right but not spectacular) and the chicken salad sandwich (delicious) but I cannot seem to move away from that tomato bisque--it is perfect. The food is all homey, simple, and just perfect. Ingredients are fresh, and I even really enjoyed the tomatoes I added onto my sandwich, and I don't normally like raw tomatoes on their own merit. They were just so fresh and crisp, it was impossible to resist. Also the cups of coffee are GIGANTIC.
While it's a bit of a hike, it's well worth returning to! I've already been twice in two weeks, and imagine it will be more in the future.This is one of my favorite spots in fitler square. The food reminds me of my trip to Europe. The coffee drinks are fantastic. It's cozy. The waitstaff is friendly. It's a no rush, no fuss kind of spot. But. It's cash only. And I always forget.I loved it. Went there for a Sunday breakfast. Had the Egg, Provolone, and Ham on Baguette. It was delicious, and my boyfriend had the same on a bagel, also great. The coffee was strong and smooth... perfect. Service was fast and very friendly. They were fine with us sitting there for awhile, and chatting after our meal. Didn't have any of the pastries but they looked very good. The place is cute, small, very "mom & pop" feel, and the prices were spot on. We will certainly be back! Philly has a ton of great little places, but this one has a uniquely unpretentious, relaxed, community feel.A charming little place to have a delicious sandwich and a refreshing lemonade with a friend.  Since the cafe is small, you'll need to go early if you want to eat there on the weekends.  However, if you get a spot try to sit outside, so you can watch people enjoying their weekends and walking their dogs.Delightful little cafe a slight walk away from Rittenhouse Square. Enjoyed a warm Alesia sandwich (serrano ham, mozzarella cheese, olives, tomatoes, and lettuce on a crispy baguette) that was simply done but delicious. Also took a bite of an almond croissant on the side accompanied with a good latte - made my morning and I hope to be back sometime. Sat indoors this time but there were a handful of tables outside as well.Croque Monsieur = $8.50
Fresh squeezed OJ = $3.75
Service = mehh
I normally don't eat ham but the croque monsieur was absolutely delicious! the fresh squeezed oj not so much.. and I got a lot less than I did ice water even though I paid almost $4 for it..
And although I know my friend is a semi-picky eater, she really looked like she did not enjoy her turkey with brie.Good service. Had one of the special quiche of the day. Very good though maybe a little overpriced for the size. Would recommend.Cafe Lutecia is a sweet little cafe. It's food is okay, but nothing that impressive. Unfortunately, the cafe is so cramped and uncomfortable that it's impossible to truly enjoy yourself here unless you grab a table outside.Finally got myself around to trying the soups and they are just as good as the rest of the food.  I had a minestrone that was actually good, minestrone too me usually is muddy, but this was excellent, tomato broth tasted tomato-y and the individual components were still good.
The spinach and pasta soup was great also.One of the best soups I've ever had! I got the half soup/sandwich deal, which was a pretty good bargain. I had the tuna salad sandwich, which was good. It was hot on the day we went so I also got the fresh squeezed lemonade which was refreshing, but a bit sweet for me. The service was slow and the food took awhile to come out. If I could give it 3.5 stars I would.The egg and ham baguette was awesome. The service was quite nice. We also had coffee and water. Sat outside and watched early morning Philly wake up. Great atmosphere. Would highly recommend for quiet breakfast spot.The food was pretty good... I enjoyed the egg, ham, and Brie breakfast sandwich.  The coffee cups were a bit small for my liking.  My husband and I sat outside and I think we were forgotten a few times.  It is a decent cafe for the neighborhood.This cafe is cute, but I've been a little underwhelmed every time I've gone there. The quiche is great, but the staff was a little sassy both times we went. They need to improve their menu so it's less confusing.Simple menu, good food, decent coffee, wonderful atmosphere and everyone working there is beautiful. This place is a gem.Good service. Had one of the special quiche of the day. Very good though maybe a little overpriced for the size. Would recommend.Love this place. Am not a Francophile by any means, but the staff and food makes it a pleasure to go into anyway.  The owner makes everything herself at home prior to bringing it all into the restaurant early in the morning! 
The soup! Oh my the soup is so damn yummy! Actually to be honest, I've never had any complaints with any of the food here. Just good simple food.
My main complaint would be the tininess of the place, all cramped and tough to get around.I have really mixed feelings about this place.  Let me tell you why.
I come here to experience the trendy and hipster vibe of the local french cafe.  This is in place, check.
I come here for delicious french-inspired yum, check.
So while the two most important things were met, there was some lacking.  First of all, my french sandwich was really good, but really small.  It was also I think the 2nd most expensive item on the menu and not very filling.  If I come for brunch, I want to leave full.
Also, some details were lacking.  I ordered orange juice and I am not joking a carton and a straw are placed in front of me.  WTF?  You could at least pour it into a glass even if you aren't gonna squeeze it yourself.
I dunno.  If I'm gonna keep coming to a place I gotta leave satisfied.  The OJ carton and straw and still being hungry just didn't do it for me.  It's really a shame, too, because the sandwich was genuinely good.  I hate to give a low rating to a place with good food, but it is what was earned.
In fairness, the servers were nice and it's not like I had a horrible time.  There was just nothing that made me want to come back.I have been meaning to stop in to Cafe Lutecia for years now. I've only driven by it a thousand and one times in my life. It always appeared to me to be the type of place where you could get lost in a good book. 
The cafe is remarkably tiny and simple. If it is made out of flour, it is probably on the menu - bagels, baguettes with ham and brie, croissant, muffins, etc. Simple as it is, I quite enjoyed my ham and brie on a baguette. I don't know how you would make something so simple any better than to serve it on good, warm crusty bread with quality meat and cheese, which is exactly what Cafe Lutecia does. They also make an astonishingly good cafe au lait. I am not a coffee snob - if it tastes good to me, I will drink it. I thought the cafe au lait that I had was a creamy bit of heaven. Way better than most places that masquerade as "coffee shops". 
Don't come here to do your work, though. This is not Starbucks and you cannot spread out as if it is your own personal library. Also, it is a neighborhood place. Children will wander in and out on the hip of a parent and will jabber to the owners and you will look like a jerk if you scowl or complain. Meet a good friend or a new friend and catch up at a tiny table as if you are in Paris. Throw your New Year's resolution out the window and eat ham and brie and a croissant or even on a croissant. 
Cafe Lutecia is owned by an incredibly warm and friendly couple who are an integral part of the neighborhood. It is so nice to go to a place where you can interact and engage with other patrons and not be thought to be a loon or nosey.
I only wish the chairs were slightly bigger. 
Remember: cash only.Not many places like this- no pressure to order a lot, there are small inexpensive dishes, and you don't feel taken advantage of after eating breakfast there. The menu was small and simple as was the quaint interior.  A few quiche specials for $5 ea and soups offered by 10am (horay!) stuff was just good tasting.  And the glasses/dishes were nice. And the staff was nice.  And you felt like you were appreciated for being there, had no obligation to leave but left wanting to make an equally good impression on those who work there. French bread was simple and soft, curry lentil soup was savory and delicious, quiche was fluffy, iced cappuccino was huge and refreshing!Cafe Lutecia is one of the best kept secrets in Philly! I have been a loyal customer since 2002 and keep going back for their delicious sandwiches, fresh bread, creative quiche and fantastic soups. Only complaint is that my favorite sandwich ("The Lutecia") was discontinued about a year ago, but there are plenty of other options to keep me going back.Been here a few times since my first review and I have to say it's been a bit disappointing. Still really good but not nearly as awesome.
 Maybe it's the lack of chocolate ganache (please bring back the ganache!!)?? But my quiche was a bit soggy and the large mushrooms lost within the soggy quiche were unappetizing and rubbery. I still love this place for their amazing soup and sandwich combos, but maybe not the perfect 5...they have my favorite croque madame ever!  right amount of sauce, cheese, and perfectly baked with perfect sunny side up on top. thy are not a big place, but very cozy, we byob the mini bottle of champaign, and mixed with their freshly squeezed oj (mimosa!!), which turned out really good. if im visiting Philly again, ill come back for sure.I used to walk by Cafe Lutecia every morning on my way to work and I absolutely loved it! Their coffee is fantastic and actually cheap in comparison to so many other over priced coffee shops. The family that runs the place is incredibly friendly. It's just a quaint French feeling cafe that leaves you feeling like you've just wandered over to Europe at 23rd and Lombard. I went for brunch quite a few times over the weekend as well and loved their soups, sandwiches and especially quiches. Probably not an easy place to try to do work in, it's a bit on the smaller side and can get noisy when crowded, but for a lazy weekend brunch absolutely a wonderful spot!Really really bad sandwiches. Crappy white bread rolls, gross tomatoes and cheap romaine lettuce. Looks and tastes like a Pizza Hut free salad plopped on a roll with supermarket brie melted on it and served on a neon plastic Walmart plate. 
I feel pretty ill after eating here. 
Americano was good and the split pea soup was decent though.It might be a good place to spend a Sunday morning if you want to brunch your weekend away.My review is pretty much the exact same as Michelle's. My latte was only so-so...not particularly hot, nothing special, a bit light on the espresso (maybe only 1 shot?). But I have heard great things about the food, so I will probably pop back in. They received their bread delivery while I was there and the bread looked yummy! The pastries also looked HEAVENLY.I was in the area and looking for a place to lunch. I came across Cafe Lutecia and decided to try it out based on the many wonderful reviews. Boy was that a mistake. I was deeply saddened to have wasted $13 and a meal-time at this establishment. Firstly, the man behind the counter was less than helpful to a new costumer who didn't know how the restaurant operated. Once I sat down my waitress told me the long list of specials for the day at lightning speed and it was nearly impossible to comprehend what she just said. I had to ask her to go over the soups again- there were 4-5 "special soups". IMO if you are going to have more than few specials, please write them down to be viewed instead of spat out quickly by the busy wait staff. Needless to say, my soup arrived lukewarm at best, and was not flavorful and for lack of a better word, gross! Next came my mushroom, broccoli, cheddar quiche... on a dirty plate... with a random rotten looking tomato. I am shocked when any restaurant is careless enough to bother plating any vegetable that looks like it was in its prime one week prior. The quiche had clearly been made many days before (at best) and just was microwaved to ordered. It lacked taste and when I flipped it over, it appeared to have been sitting in something unrelated to the quiche AND had a soggy crust. It's hard to remember a time I was more disappointed with any dining experience. I will say my waitress was nice, but she clearly saw I barely touched my food and never asked anything about whether or not I had a problem with it. Maybe it was just a bad day for them- but they clearly make their food far in advance and do a poor job of reheating. I will never go back.I would easily have given this place four stars but my husband is bitter that they wouldn't give him a glass of ice with his coffee and believes this is a glaring representation of their customer service. 
Had I dined alone, I would have said the customer service was exceptional, very friendly and attentive. The food was delightful; the warmed chocolate coissant was light, buttery and flakey and the croque madame with a Sunnyside up egg atop was delicious, filling and the perfect balance of swiss cheese, salty ham and creamy bechemel with 2 thick slices of soft, fresh bread making it a double decker. The cafe au lait was delicious, with lots of frothy milk.
 Had it not been for their policy to deny a glass of ice with hot coffee so iced coffee can be refilled without charge, I definitely would have given 4 stars and returned.Adorable. Great Latte. There is an authentic nugget of French-ness in here and it's very pleasant. Grab a quiche and enjoy the slightly cramped Sunday seating.Go here for the creamy tomato bisque and ice cold lemonade served in huge glasses. Get the turkey and brie sandwich on a fresh baguette. Sit outside. Bring cash.Amazing food! Extremely fresh & all together amazing. The atmosphere was excellent and it felt like being in France! Cafe Lutecia is a family run business and the family is so friendly and kind. The service was outstanding and our waitress was so friendly. 5/5! You won't be disappointed if you try it!Tomato bisque soup was amazing but would have better if it was a little more. Quiche Lorraine was also good. Minus was it is a little place with crowded tables.What do I know about French food? Nothin. What do I know about anything? Well, I know what I like, and I really like this place. Small but not tiny, with a few seats outside. Nice service and a delicious tomato basil and mozzarella baguette.Maybe I went on an off-day. The server was rude, the orange juice tasted canned, and the quiche was cold in the middle. 
I pass by this place once a day on my walks, and it always seems closed.
Based on the rave reviews, I guess I should give it another try, but the memory of the server spilling oj on my lap and walking away without a "sorry" makes me hesitant.We grabbed coffee from Cafe Lutecia while out on a walk exploring the city. It did the trick and seemed like a nice place to enjoy breakfast outside.Cafe Lutecia is a neighborhood spot that if you're visiting Philly you won't accidentally happen upon, but it is worth seeking out. This cafe is small, and when my family dined in for breakfast, we were definitely the only non-locals in there and I was sad when we left that we were. 
The food is all about freshness. We had quiche, an almond croissant, pain au chocolat, melted brie on a baguette and a cinnamon scone. We were throwing calorie/carb caution to the wind. All of the aforementioned items were incredible. I didn't realize that baguettes, when still warm and freshly baked are not overly chewy and crunchy, but have amazing texture and just enough snap to make the crust interesting. It was a hard roll life changing experience. 
The last thing we ordered was the scone, and a nice couple at the counter was eating and reading the paper and the woman suggested that we have it sliced in half, buttered and put under the broiler for a minute. I hate to say it again, but another, this time life changing scone experience. The butter melts in perfectly adding moisture and the broiler makes the edges of the scone crunchy and almost caramelized in flavor. 
I will order them this way forever.Outstanding food!! We tried and loved the African peanut soup, tomato soup, quiche and tuna sandwich. I'll be visiting again very soon to order  the soup and sandwich. LOVE!!
Thank you!!!Cafe Lutecia is the place to go to get good, basic, food. It's not fancy and will never try to impress, which is exactly why it is so impressive. The coffee is excellent, the quiche superb, and the chocolate chip cookie tastes like homemade - because it is! 
Fine for vegetarians and if you ask, okay for vegans (one option). Outside seating for wheelchair, but getting inside would be impossible.Amazing hidden gem near Center City Philadelphia! Wow...
I went with a group of 4 for the Tuesday night dinner (the only night that they're open). Everything we ordered was delicious, and we ordered a lot! Small portions - tapas style - means lots of different flavors going on. Chorizo, cheeses, bread, snails, frog, pork belly, Brussels sprouts in duck fat, chocolate croissants, soups, wine, and so much more... Very warm and cozy atmosphere. By the time you leave, you feel like you've know the owners your whole life. Their passion for their restaurant comes out in the food. Truly an amazing experience!I've lived in the neighborhood for over two years but have now just made it to Cafe Lutecia.  It's definitely a neighborhood gem: a small little cafe with a cute atmosphere delicious homemade french specialities, and good service to boot.
This afternoon I stopped here with the BF and a friend of ours for a late Saturday brunch.  The menu has a wide array of sandwiches, salads, soup, and french food.  I had heard about their famous croque monsieur, but at the last minute decided to get their beef and vegetable barley soup and chorizo, pepper, and onion quiche.  So glad I did: the soup was perfect with lots of hearty vegetables and flavorful bits of beef.  The quiche, although a little burnt, was also very flavorful.  The chorizo definitely had a little bit of heat but not too much.  My friend had the tomato bisque (which was also delicious and creamy), and the BF went with the tuna and mango chutney quiche (different, but also very tasty).  And everything came with soft delicious french bread.  ALMOST as good as the bread at Parc.
Not only is this place affordable (our brunch for the three of us cost under $30), but the servers were really nice and the atmosphere is very home-y.  It's definitely a great option if you're in the neighborhood and in the mood for great tasting cafe food.  I'd definitely come back to sit outside and perhaps try their croque monsieur.I've been here now for lunch a few times and can totally vouch for the food.  Its amazing.  Personally love the brie and turkey sandwich with some spicy dijon mustard--make sure its toasty so the brie is melty and awesome.  Also love the quiches.  I can't quite remember what was in mine but it was GOOD (spinach and some sort of fancy cheese I'd never heard of).  The side salad that came with it was lightly dressed and filled with a variety of veggies.  I've heard great things about the soups and definitely want to come back and try those.  Homemade lemonade and iced tea were also great.
Service is super friendly but also rather slow--let's say leisurely--which is fine on weekends but a challenge during the week so be aware.Cute little cafe with decent espresso and breakfast selections.  The food is good; simple and delicious, nothing too fancy.  The espresso is average, tasted a little weak but it could just be my presence.  Also note that the service is slow, so be sure to come when you have time to relax and enjoy the morning. There is outdoor seating as well, which is the best part about eating in the city!I'm sad to write this review. I used to love this place but haven't been there in a year or more. Like others, I admired the charm of it. When I pulled up today, it just looked, well run-down from the outside. Undeterred, we continued inside. I think the staff is quite friendly, so that's not a problem...the food is.
I ordered a bacon & swiss quiche and garden salad. The quiche was delicious. Enough so that I was willing to overlook it was cold in the middle. What I could NOT overlook was the size of it. It was the tiniest, saddest cut I've ever seen. Quiche contains just about the cheapest ingredients you can imagine. I don't see why they have to be so cheap with the serving.
The garden salad remained largely untouched on my plate. For starts, it had cold, canned corn lumped on top, in all it's canny smelliness. It also had a ton of finely chopped carrots which were wet (I'm guessing corn can juice). I couldn't tell if there was actually any dressing on the salad. I usually squeeze a lemon slice and some olive oil on my salads, so I am content with v little dressing. But I think this salad was just wet- no dressing at all. 
My boyfriend got a "HAM" sandwich. It was on a sad, generic baguette. Highly disappointing for a French cafe. How can you have grocery-store esque baguettes? I had a slice of baguette served with my meal and felt the same way. Cold, plain, ...not worth eating. His sandwich was smeared with mustard. And that's it. Lettuce, tomato, etc, were apparently extra. So he got a baguette with some lunch meat thrown on. Kinda weak.
As I began, I'm sad to write this review. I really used to love coming to this place, but I don't think we'll be returning again.They have the best Ham and Brè (or how ever you spell it) melt!! They also usually have a great selection of soups. Very friendly and great service!Went here on a whim one Sunday morning around 9:30 a.m. It was a lovely atmosphere, with just a few people there reading the paper, or having breakfast with their families. The servers were pleasant and quick, and refilled the coffee without having to ask for it. The food however was so-so. It wasn't anything spectacular, and quite frankly was a bit overpriced. We had a pastry and an omelet. Overall, it was fine, but nothing I really would crave for again. If you want a cute-Parisian type restaurant, this is your place. But for food, it was only okay.Excellent food & great service! The soup is home made every day. Sandwiches are great, especially the Celtic. Sit outside & watch the PPA terrorize the neighborhood!!I am so sad that I lived three blocks away from this place for a year and a half before giving it a shot.  It was added immediately to my list of favorite unassuming and chill breakfast/brunch spots on the weekends. Much the same vibe as Darling's, except this place has table service (sweet) and better coffee. The whole operation of it is quaint and sweet, and I love the French magazines on the ledge for visitors to flip through. 
I had tomato and mozzarella on a baguette and it was delicious. My dining companion had ham and swiss, I think? That was yummy, too. I can't wait to have coffee here every day of my life once this winter weather cuts the crap and gets the f out of here. 
I'll definitely be back. Over and over.flavorful and inventive quiche! nice waitstaff. had a friendly conversation with the owner/baker, she was lovely.  made our visit quite enjoyable.We had the salad and two of the quiche of the day.  All bland.  Quiche dry and flavorless.  Coffee is so so.
The gazpacho was good.
Service was ok.  Not too attentive.  Casual.This place is a cute little family run place with tasty French inspired cuisine. I had a croque Madame that made me tingle in my swimsuit area. The waitress was also very friendly and cute to boot. Go here and thank me later.Great place...authentic French atmosphere.  And pretty damn good food.  I had a quiche (which was pretty good), and, on the waiter's recommendation, the "standard French sandwich," as the menu said:  You eat it with a knife and a fork and it is OUTSTANDING!!!Meh sums it up for me. 
I was handed a menu and sat. I ordered a ham, egg and cheese on baguette and got really excited for a crusty, wonderful french roll. When my sammy landed it was something I could have gotten at a Chestnut street lunch cart for $2.50. Really pedestrian amaroso's style roll, overdone eggs, no seasoning. Plus the eggs burned the roof of my mouth in the way that over-microwaved food usually does. Not saying it was microwaved but I have my suspicions. 
While I was eating a couple was sat next to me and given a list of specials, including a couple of really yummy sounding quiches. I was not worthy of receiving the sacred list of specials I guess. 
Had to flag down the waitress to get a refill, get a water, get the bill -  which was $8.50 for ham egg and cheese and a regular coffee. Plus tip of course. I could have gotten the same meal in any corner deli or lunch truck for $3.50 and been in and out of there in 5 minutes.
I think I'd like this place better without waiter service if it meant the prices dropped to reasonable levels. 
Probably won't return.Went for brunch and got the croque with an egg on top. The food was good until I found a rubber band underneath the sandwich. I told the waiter and he apologized and the owner/cook came over and apologized as well. They then made me another sandwich without egg because they were out of eggs and still charged me for the sandwich. Not the best experience and I won't be back.Cute place 
Soup and lemonade good
Waited more than 30 minutes for 2 hot sandwiches and they came out cold !!
Waiter explained "they are busy".
Sandwiches themselves were good but not good enough to wait 30 minutes forFirst time here. Service was super friendly. We sat outside but it looks cozy inside. We came for brunch, and I had the mushroom and cheddar omelette with a garden salad and maple sausage on the side. The omelette was really solid. Nice consistency. The only thing I would add is a little salt and pepper. Everything was really fresh. The iced coffee came in a giant glass and was delicious. Would definitely come back here. Tasty and inexpensive.It's a cute place.  I live very close so I used to come here a lot to meet friends and have a nice early morning meal. Then I learned more about the French cuisine.  
The food is perfectly good but I value a good croissant & a French baguette above all else.  So, if you want really good French food travel into town for Metropolitan Bakery or Meil Patisserie.
Otherwise enjoy!Great little place - staff is very friendly, attentive, and efficient. And the food is great - I've had soups, sandwiches, and quiches, all of which were good in both quality and taste. The lattes hit the spot as well. Prices are also quite reasonable and, while it's a small place, the feel and mood are conducive to enjoying your meal.A lovely cafe with fresh French fare. The food is delicious-- from the homemade croissants to the outstanding sandwiches. They just won the title of Philly's best place to get soup, too!
Definitely come here for a satisfying, delightful meal. Highly recommended!What a great place for breakfast or brunch! Beautiful slices of quiche for $6, the perfect portion that leaves you satisfied but not overly stuffed. There are always at least two vegetarian quiche options as well, which is a major plus. The space is small and intimate and feels like a Parisian cafe. Also great if you want a cup of drip coffee to go, at under $2 a cup they are the cheapest in the neighborhood. Highly recommend.A simple cafe with the perfect french croissants. The vibe is no frills just great food. We especially come here for their amazing soups.Cute cafe, nice people, and a good location.  Unfortunately, the coffee just tasted burnt.  The quiche was nice & fluffy, but the cheese wasn't really spread throughout, so only the one bite that had cheese was really tasty. I found the price high for a cup of coffee and a small piece of quiche - $8.50.The only reason I felt unable to give Cafe Lutecia 5 stars was because of the cramped establishment and lack of seating, other than that, the food was fantastic! In total, our group savored the flavors of the Romain sandwich, Goat Cheese & Spinach Quiche, Lobster Bisque soup, etc. My husband proclaimed the Lobster Bisque as "the best I ever had". Again, the ONLY bummer was, due to the cramped space, we were forced to sit outside, although the weather wasn't 100% on our side. We almost had an unfortunate incident when the awning came loose and nearly smacked our friend in the noggin!Really friendly staff, excellent coffee, and delicious quiche and croissants. Our favorite cafe in Philadelphia.True gem of a place. I would go here at any opportunity if given it. The Tuesday tapas nights seem interesting but I have concerns that this might get too popular for too small of a place. I did go on a Tuesday morning, and that casualness, sparseness of customer was exactly what I needed. Weekends might get too hectic. 
No clue how someone can give this a poor rating.I have been coming here for about three years now, not as much but mainly because I'm not really a "French food" type of guy. I mean, I like French food but I usually go to Parc for that. This place is really quaint, reminds me something out of old Paris, not that I've ever been to France but that's how I would picture those small mom and pop shops. 
The soups are always amazing, get one if you go, you will not be disappointed. The sandwiches are always freshly made to order and satisfying. You don't feel too guilty about eating here because it all seems so healthy. The wait staff is very attentive and friendly. The owner and I believe she owns this place with her husband, well, she can be abrasive at times. Don't mess up your order or  you will hear her in that tiny kitchen complaining but not directly to you. She just doesn't come off as friendly but her husband seems super nice. 
If this place is busy, forget it, you may not get a table for awhile but on warm days they do have outside seating. The prices are kind of high for a place like this but at the same time worth it but I have to convince myself that it's worth it. Don't get me wrong the food is good but it's just a little pricey. I don't mind paying but sometimes I feel that the experience does not match the price point, mainly because of the owner, mentioned above. 
Also, if you're driving, good luck with the street parking.I was prepared to not like this place. I had heard about its authentic French cafe feel, which immediately made me think that I would not only not feel comfortable there but also that I would pay an exorbitant price for medicore-tasting but cute-looking pastries. Well, I was wrong. With lines too long at our other brunch staple, Ant's Pants, my boyfriend and I reluctantly ventured here. 
Let me just start by saying that I have mixed feelings about the place, but that overall, the place is worth going to (again and again). On the one hand, it seems like a real settled cafe with a strong local following. On the other hand, things sort of feel a lttle unsettled. The menus are just pieces of computer paper, the windows are a little dirty, and the place feels a little dingy with cheap tables and chairs. It's not that the place is dirty- it's just could use a good airing out and some decor changes. That said, the atmosphere was really chill with some people just enjoying their Sunday paper and other just catching up with friends. 
But about the food- because this is what makes me want to go back. It's simple food, but they do a great job at it. We ordered the tomato bisque to split, and it was some of the best tomato bisques that I've ever had. It was tomatoey but not overly acidic, it was creamy, but not heavy, and it was smooth, but had some natural tomato chunks to give it just a little bite. Most of the time, tomato soup tastes like pureed pasta sauce, but this was in an entire separate class on its own. Next time, I'll get my own bowl. I ordred a swiss cheese and tomato baguette- something that I have totally made for myself at home, but for some reason, this one just tasted better than my versions.The bread was yeasty and soft, and they have really mastered the timing of the melted cheese on toasted bread thing. My boyfriend loved his quiche, although i thought it strange that it came with such a brown and crusty top. 
I ordred a latte to go because I had heard good things about their coffee, but it was pretty awful. I probably should have asked for another one, but I was already out of the door and on my way home. It tasted like burnt coffee with lots of milk and that's always a little hard to stomach after a long night out.
I'm anxious to try their pastries and even more anxious to make it there for lunch since I hear that they make some great sandwiches.This small French restaurant is easy to get to on the 40 bus. The staff are very nice and the food is amazing. It's a small restaurant and clearly popular, so you may have a wait. There's outdoor seating as well for when the weather is nice. I got a goat cheese, oregano, and roasted red pepper sandwich on crispy baguette which was to die for. My cafe au lait was very good as well. My friend got the red lentil soup and goat cheese and fig quiche. I tried the soup and it was very tasty. We are definitely returning because of their varied menu and delicious food, for a very reasonable price.Its really unfortunate for my stomach and I that it has taken me this long to discover Cafe Lutecia. From the outside this unassuming cafe does not look like much- certainly not a place to serve up the fantastic lunch I enjoyed here the other day, So seating is cramped and as I stood in a tiny corner with 3 friends, starving, and lamenting the fact that we had decided to eat here, the server was nice enough to make me a cappucino- we were off to a good start :) 
The lunch menu consists of fresh salads, soups, and sandwiches, but unlike most lunch places it was 1) fairly affordable for the amount of food you get 2)fresh 3) light yet tasty..I had a soup and tuna sandwich which were both delic. At a little over $8 its a little pricier than other items on the menu, but I was beyond stuffed at the end of the whole thing and could have easily split lunch with another...
I would have to say that the fresh squeezed lemonade and chocolate ganache were by far the highlights of the meals. I might be a ginormous pig, but eating chocolate ganache cake at noon is a little extreme- even for me.. Thank god I was eating with a friend who's never satisfied without dessert. I would have never discovered one of the best ganache cakes I've had in recent memory- yum!!!  Can't wait to come back!