Great ambiance-but tables are so close together that you & your lunching neighbors can all hear each other's conversations.  Popular lunch spot-we got there right before the rush-& tables were not moving. Fresh, nicely presented choices. If you are not used to city prices, be prepared to spend $13-$15 for things like an upscale tuna sandwich on "country bread". $3 for mini San pelligrino water. Salmon nicoise was good, but I could swear that someone forgot to put any of the dressing on the salad. We grabbed some cupcakes, tarts, etc to take home for the fam for later. Our kids actually did not like the Oreo cupcakes! We tasted them, as we were confused-sure enough-they just didn't taste good. The lemon squares were not very lemony. The best deserts we tried? The chocolate cake with chocolate mousse & the citron tart. That's pretty sad considering how many goodies we took home. We found the wait staff to be pretty friendly.This was a fantastic experience. My boyfriend and I literally cleaned our plates. I love the ambience, the service is always friendly and the menu is simple enough to not overwhelm you. The brioche French toast was unreal topped with strawberry and peach and was super light but filling. The scramble sandwich was also delicious on a freshly baked lightly toasted roll. We were so happy with our meals we had to check out the pastries for the same day baked goods and with 3 brown butter almond cakes that were the perfect finish! We could have shared one but we were being greedyReminds me of a hipster establishment. The menu was unique with it type of dishes and flavors. There is not a whole lot of traditional flavors but that's not why you come here. I had trouble selecting from the menu. When I went here it was packs with women as if it was bring your girlfriend out day. The restaurant is in an old greenhouse that is supporting 2 palm trees one that is dying and other plants that I don't know.
I ordered the burger since there wasn't much on the menu I would fancy, and the first bite was pretty awesome but then got boring after the 4th bite. Not a very great burger but not bad either. They did have desserts that looked great but I wasn't in much of a mood after my burger. 
I don't think would come back here.The food was great for dinner.......until the sun went down and the rodents came out. Yes plural, not just one mouse but several mice scurried below as we tried to finish our wine and meal. It was disgusting. But to add insult to injury, the waiter offered no apology, in fact, turning a blind eye to the rodents. The terrible service almost exceeds the disgust over the mice. Hope you dont fine mice droppings in your cupcake. And one last note, isnt' there a health dept or some restaurant bureau that regulates this type of thing??My favorite place to get brunch in Chestnuthill by far! Food is always delicious, and the solarium (green house) that the restaurant is inside of makes a great setting. 
Definetly order their French toast and try some of their baked goods if you have room after their large portion sizes. Or take the baked goods to go! Make sure to plan ahead, this is everyone's favorite place too!Located in the quaint and lovely Chestnut Hill area, this restaurant is bursting full of sunlight, plants, and smiling people. The staff is really nice and accommodating, and there is always always a full house with a slight wait to be seated. The wait is not bad though, because they take your number and allow you to walk around and will call when a table is available. 
The food is a little pricey with most salads around $15 and sandwiches $12. Everything I have tried here has been good, but without a wow factor. The food was a little plain for my liking, with the house salad dressing being a little bland for my poached salmon salad, soup a little under-salted...etc. 
I'd return for the good atmosphere, but consider the price a little steep for what you get.OMG what a wonderful little find. The food is DELICIOUS. I went for breakfast and would return to eat there everyday if I could. Moreover, I got a tart for a birthday while I was there-- it was the most decadent and fine dessert that I have ever tasted!This place is excellent! I went for lunch on a weeekday around noon, but the wait as already 30 minutes for two. I suggest going a bit earlier to ensure you have a table if your pressed for time. 
I got the Lemon Grilled Chicken Cobb salad, and it was amazing!! Generous portion and quality ingredients. Service was attentive, even for a busy lunch crowd, and I was really impressed by the refreshing and healthy menu.
The only thing I wish was diffrent is the decor. The outside is so whimsical and airy, and I found the furnishings inside a little uninspiring and dissonent when compared to the impressive greenhouse exterior. 
We will definitely be back for more!Beautiful ambiance and fabulous food!! Everything I've ordered has been unique and exceptional. Always-friendly waitstaff. The only downside is that there is always a long wait to get a table. But you can 'check in' and leave, and they'll call you when a table opens. The good news- it's worth the wait! Cake absolutely serves the best brunch in the area. You can expect to find a more complex and nuanced menu than your average brunch place- and their dishes have truly been perfected. If you're looking for a pile of sausage and flap jacks, go to IHOP. If it's savory crab cake Benedict or a delectably rich garden frittata you're after, this is the place!Great atmosphere, great food, friendly staff.  Perfect for a lunch with the kids or a girlfriends lunch.We arrived at just after 3pm on Saturday 4/14/18 after spending the day at the Japanese Cherry Blossom Festival at the Morris Arboretum.  I had messaged the Facebook page the day before, asking about the availability of a wheelchair entrance as we would be bringing my wheelchair-bound mother with us.  The owner, Greg, promptly responded that yes, they did have one.  When we arrived, however, the person who very dismissively "greeted" us with a barely perceptible uplift of her chin, told us there was no wheelchair entrance and that the restaurant was closing.  She said there was no manager, no supervisor, nobody at all in authority with whom I could address this.  Although the Yelp page lists the closing time as 5pm, the sign on the door says 4.  We later learned that the kitchen closes at 3, but that baked goods and beverages are available.  Our "greeter", however, did not offer this to us.  She simply decided at that moment we were not worth welcoming, and not worth serving, and turned us away.  So we took our business elsewhere.I have never been disappointed by Cake's food.  It is fantastic and the options are fantastically diverse.
I am not however a fan of their "breakfast" hours.  They list their morning opening hours as 8:00am but nowhere obvious do they mention that the kitchen doesn't open until 9:00am.  Either list breakfast as beginning at 9 or just open at 8.  Make up your mind so that people don't plan around and get excited for an 8:00 treat from Cake!Finally went to Cake the other afternoon for brunch and boy will I be back! I had the breakfast burrito without the black beans and it was awesome! So flavorful in a delicious spinach wrap. The potatoes that accompanied it were also very good. My dining partner had the french toast and it was sooooo good! The peach butter was the perfect touch. I will definitely get this the next time I'm there.
Loved the atmosphere and the service was great.
Also, they serve a wonderful cup of coffee!One of the best carrot cake cupcakes I've had!  Cream cheese frosting, walnuts and raisins. Delicious!We finally made it here for brunch-- thanks to most of Philly being down the shore, we had no problem walking in and getting a table during Sunday brunch.
The setting is beautiful (although being as though it is hothouse, it is a little warm on a hot summer day).
Service was very nice, very attentive, very informative.
I can't say too much about the food... despite an abundance of options, neither my husband nor I could resist the Croque Madame.  It was a big breakfast, but considering it was already 2PM it was perfectly filling.
On my next visit, I will definitely try one of their quiche or frittatas that combine fresh, seasonal ingredients.  They sounded excellent.  There are plenty of options if you prefer a sweet breakfast too.
All in all, it was a very pleasant neighborhood breakfast.  I couldn't help thinking that it would be a perfect place to rent out for a bridal shower or tea.
BYOB too!This is a tough place to review. This review is for the baked goods. I am not a fan of the breakfast at all. They would get two stars for that. However, the treats are delicious, specifically the tarts. Love them! The scones are also really good...when they are baked all the way through. Yes, once I had a raw one, but I tried again a few months later and it was indeed cooked. They are huge and have some kind of curd or jam center, so the middle takes longer to cook. This filling makes it delicious, but they need to make sure they are in the oven long enough. I've been to Cake many times and I will return, but only for the sweets.Was there for a Sunday brunch.   The food was good, as was the service.   No complaints.   The service was efficient,  knowledgeable quick and friendly.  When I got there, there was a wait, so they took my number and I walked around,  until they called.My fiance and I had been looking forward to trying Cake for brunch. For one thing, it's one of the only brunch spots in the area, and we love a good bunch. For another, there's cake there. What's not to like?? The atmosphere is beautiful, a bird-cage looking greenhouse turned restaurant. 
We arrived at a good time (around noon I think) and only had to wait about 10 minutes for a table. We'd tried to eat here once before and the wait was 45 minutes and we didn't feel like putting in the time so we went elsewhere. 
Our waiter was very nice if a bit absent. I ordered an iced tea and the brioche French toast. My fiance had coffee and the Sunday frittata. Our first hiccup was that his coffee came out with three creamers, one of which was already open and empty. We're hoping it busted open during shipping or something and wasn't already on someone else's table. Even if it was, they're individually packaged of course but still. That just seems sloppy. How did you not know you're putting an empty creamer on the saucer. The coffee was also brought over without a spoon to stir it. Again, not the biggest of deals. But my fiance also said the coffee was weak. Strike one on the coffee. On a side note, my iced tea was fabulous. It had a kind of citrus taste.
So then came our entrees. My fiance absolutely loved his. The potatoes were gone before I could even snag a taste! Now on to mine ... I cut a slice and popped the first bite in my mouth. Burned beyond recognition. I flipped the slice over and it was charred black. I didn't realize because it had been turned to the pretty golden brown side. One by one I looked at every slice, every one was blackened. Now, both the server AND the cook should have known not to serve that. I looked at several other orders of the same thing on other tables and they were cooked perfectly. I HATE being this person but I sent it back. It was inedible. Strike two.
After waiting about 5-10 minutes, I got another order. It was undercooked, barely brown on the outsides. But I'd rather that than charred. So I sucked it up and ate it. Don't get me wrong, it was good albeit a bit soggy but I really do feel they should have left it on the griddle another couple of minutes instead of being so focused on getting it to me. I wouldn't have minded waiting.
The waiter didn't come back to check on how the new dish was for a good 15 minutes. I actually had to turn the burnt toast in to the bus boy who was very nice. He was also the one to bring the new dish out.
I would definitely be willing to give this place another try. I understand this was not an everyday occurance. But I was a little turned off by the whole thing. If I'm paying $12 for French toast I don't feel I should be served anything sub-par.Adorable venue on a street corner that fits right into the laid back neighborhood vibe of Chestnut Hill. A mix of young families, hipsters, and other local folk making the Sunday brunch crew. The brunch options are mouth- watering and unique. Whether you are in the mood for sweet or savory, your taste buds have many a selection to choose from. The only thing is, you have to wait...a while. Have tour name taken down, and go grab a coffee and the nearby Starbucks while you wait.  A good half hour to hour and half in the peak of the Sunday rush.  But it works, because that's what Sundays are for, to relax without stressing for time, so expect the wait, but don't stress it.  Once you are seated, you get attentiveness and service with a smile. Very accommodating to modify ingredients if needed.  For my first experience there, i went with the French toast, topped with a cream and strawberries. For the sweet tooth mood i was in, it hit the spot.  Would love to go back and try a savory!Sunday brunch is very good at Cake, but the coffee is bad. The bad coffee detracts from the overall dining experience. If you are a coffee connoisseur, avoid the coffee. Eat at Cake and then go to one of the coffee shops on Germantown Avenue. Cake really needs to change coffee suppliers and/or buy new coffee brewing equipment!Cake is situated in Chestnut Hill inside a gutted greenhouse - it makes for a really fresh, bright, calming ambiance.  I came here on a Saturday for Brunch, but alas, its only served on Sunday.  They do make breakfast for those who can get out of bed before 11 on a Saturday, but thats not my style.  
They've got a good assortment of dishes for lunch, I got a Mediterranean Pizza with feta, spinach, roasted red peppers and lemon hummus - tasty enough to make up for it not being breakfast.  They've also got a burger, quiche, interesting salads and sandwiches, and I'm sure the've got something for everyone.  
Stopped at the bakery counter after lunch, brought home a Boston-creme cupcake and a vanilla creme-apple tart thing.  Definitely get that.  For realz.  
I will return for their brunch at some point.  The menu looked really good.This restaurant is just not.... The food is good but the service sucks. Problem 1. When my party and I walked in we requested a baby chair, and I was given a broken one for my one year old. I had to chase down a hostess to request another. Problem 2 after waiting astronomically long for our food it comes and is Soo good until I got to the hair in my eggs!!! You can imagine my disgust. Problem 3. The waitress never comes to check on us ever like the whole time we were eating... Problem 4. It took Soo long to get the bill and then of course the bill was wrong. We were doubled charged!!! NO BUENO!!Love this bakery/restaurant. The greenhouse aesthetic is calming and charming. The food is fresh and well prepared and the desserts are melt in your mouth delicious. There is usually a line or no room at all so going during the weekdays is the best chance at seating. Their summer cheesecake fruit tart was the best cheesecake I have ever tasted.I used to love this place until I found a gross, black wirey hair in my crab cake. It didn't look like head hair either. Whoever makes these crab cakes ahead of time needs to wear a hair net on his head or underwear.Fast service - BYOB - very good! Porition sizes are decent size for brunch!We stopped in at Cake this past Saturday, and I had a major sweet tooth. I wanted something with pecans and I was not denied. I got a pecan bar, and it was scrumptious. Probably the second or third best pecan dessert I've had (after Zwahlen's pecan pie and a slice of pecan pie I had in New Orleans). My husband ordered a chocolate mousse and was equally enthused. We also got a Boston cream cupcake to split but I found that a little dry and overly sweet so I let him finish that one. When we got there, we were told it would be a 20 minute wait to sit at 2:30 in the afternoon, and we couldn't order lunch, only dessert because they were closing lunch service. We didn't want to wait, so we took our sweets to go, but the decor is so cute and I could definitely see us going back sometime and sitting for a meal.And it's not even my birthday! 
I love love love cake. I have been here for Sunday brunch twice and it was amazing. Set inside of an old greenhouse and connected to the florist, Cake has a quaint charm with really hospitable and attentive staff.
The breakfast burrito is easily one of the best I have ever had and as an SF native of hispanic decent, I have to say I was impressed with their salsa. The belgian waffle is so fluffy and delicious. I think I tasted a hint of bacon fat in it? The only other item I have had is the breakfast platter and its everything delicious and satisfying. I haven't tried it yet, but the brioche french toast is not for the faint of heart and looks out of this world. This is def in my top 5 brunch spots.I have been to Cake twice for brunch and both times were excellent. Conveniently located on Germantown Ave, this place is busy but the wait is not too long.  It is a converted greenhouse, which is a beautiful, relaxing setting for brunch.  The food is wonderful. The service is good. 
Their pastries are delicious and many people come in with their children just to pick out one of the many yummy cupcakes. 
My only complaint is that both times the espresso machine was not working, but their regular coffee was good and they have a variety of teas from which to choose.The cupcake was alright, lentil soup was decent, and the cookies were good. Liked the restaurant, light and quiet. Overall it was an ok experience but the price will keep me from returning to give other items a chance. I definitely am willing to pay for great items but it better be worth it and this place just isn't.This review is based on only one experience, but one bad experience is all it takes to turn off a customer.  My only problem with this cutesy place in Chestnut Hill is the service my group of four adults and one baby received. My father-in-law and I ordered hamburgers - I asked for mine cooked medium and he asked for medium-rare.  Mine came out brown all the way through and his had an ensey bit of pink in the middle.  The waiter didn't know about this because he never came back to ask how our food was.  And since he never came back, wasn't able to ask for more ketchup to supplement the one tablespoon provided with my burger.  I also never got a chance to ask for more napkins to supplement the one thin paper napkin I was given; considering that I was feeding a baby, the napkin was falling apart within about 4 minutes.  Near the end of the meal we got a different waitress's attention for drink refills and our check. Moments later our original waiter came to ask how everything was.  Fucking fantastic, here's your 15%.
{{It would be unfair of me not to mention that we all enjoyed the food and the atmosphere at Cake. If I had gotten better service I'd call it a 3.5 star cafe.}}Wow- a surprise visit to Cake today. Went to Chestnut Hill to the Philadelphia Print Shop and the Woodmere Museum. Couldn't think of where to get lunch. The guy at the print shop pointed across the street at Cake, and recommended it. We were starved! It was delightful! Great casual, atrium atmosphere- no stuffy white tablecloths!
I had the Crab Cake BLT; yes, no kidding. It was to die for. Perfect hot day and time of year for gazpacho too. Cold and crunchy with bits of fennel, red onion, cucumber and celery in lovely tomato broth( with a touch of chipoltle I think too )
Hubby had the flatbread pizza of the day with carmelized onions and fresh thyme. Oh yes, we left stuffed. No room for Cake! Next time for sure.
Wait staff Genevieve (love that name) and Julie were busy but super nice!
iCake is one of our favorite breakfast spots, primarily for the ambience of the former greenhouse location and the deliciousness of the quiche.
My one HUGE complaint about Cake is the coffee... I'm not a fan. If Zakes, Cafette or Cresheim Cottage will share their secrets, find out what they are doing! I still drink it though.
Other than that, my only complaint is that breakfast ends at 11. We luck out though because the quiche tends to be on the lunch menu.
If you go on Sunday for brunch, definitely get the baked camembert; that thing is heaven on a plate. Also on a sunny day, you might want to bring sunglasses - some seats can get hit by a lot of sun. It's an awesome setting though.I have tried several desserts, my favorites include the chocolate mousse tart and chocolate cupcakes. Brunch is good also, they use fresh ingredients and the dishes are creative. I enjoy the waffle with peaches, steak & eggs, and sausage omelette. I plan to try dinner which is only offered Fri. & Sat. It's byob.Been there twice, once for breakfast and once for dinner. Not going back. 
Dinner was great food-wise. Breakfast was mediocre. It was excessively cold in the restaurant, the food was cold, and the kitchen is super slow. Service was good in the beginning both times. I think they get embarrassed at how long the kitchen takes because they disappear and apologize when they do show up with the food, which is cold.Located in a former florist's greenhouse, this is one of the most beautiful restaurants I know of.  Tons of natural light during the day ... and pretty little lights during the evenings.  The menu includes a very good cheeseburger, good brunch selections including poached eggs and the like, cold sandwiches and hot dinner entrees.  The food is very good, the desserts (cupcakes and cakes) are wonderful, and the location in the heart of Chestnut Hill invites windowshopping and strolling.  The florist is still in business, next door.  Prices are moderate, not expensive.  Highly recommended.  BYOB.  Check their hours ... they are not open every day of the week.Cozy little spot just feet off the Avenue in Chestnut Hill.  Took me six months to get over here and try it, but I'm glad I finally did.  The ambiance here is incredible and perfect for this style of restaurant/cafe.  The greenhouse obviously gives you the outdoor feel which is amazing during those spring and fall months when it's gorgeous out, but might still be on the chilly side.  Just so relaxing.
We went for breakfast and I will certainly be doing that again.  I got the basics: bacon, eggs, hash browns & toast.  Everything was delicious.  Even the toast was note worthy because if I'm not mistaken, its from Baker's Street Bread.  Love seeing local places supporting each other!  Not only was my meal very tasty, but all the food I saw being served around me looked amazing.  I will be getting the french toast next time.  Also got some baked goods on the way out.  Fruit tart and S'mores tart were both really really good.  
The menu was on the small side, but when everything is so good, you don't need that many options.  It just takes up your time with having to read everything.  I'd love to try this place at night for dinner.  Can't wait to go back!I eat lunch at Cake every couple of weeks and it never fails to impress! The food is always amazing and the atmosphere is great! It is also open for dinner a couple nights a week. Also keep in mind it is BYOB!I absolutely love coming here for brunch and sitting in the greenhouse - it's a nice escape from the brown winter scenery. The food is delicious and I particularly appreciate that there are gluten free options.I went to Cake for brunch recently with a friend.  Having been past in a number of times and in the flower shop that is connected, I've always been intrigued.  It truly is an adorable little place.  The restaurant is in a greenhouse type of building (although not as hot).  The wait staff is quite attentive and my eggs were quite good.   The space is quite small so expect to be able to check out your neighbor's meal (and hear whether they like it!).  However, it is definitely a great place for a good Sunday brunch.  I'll definitely be visiting Cake again.Knowing Chestnut Hill the way I do, this place used to be the green house to Robertsons Florist. It's really small and 3 sides are glass so if you go for breakfast someone will get a face full of sunlight. 
Their menu isn't extensive but works for how small the place is and allows for the cooks to get your meals out within a reasonable time.
I ordered the breakfast plate and it was quite tasty. Only complaint is that the light fixtures hang really low and I saw the waitress bump into them several times.
If you come, make sure it early and for breakfast. It fills up quickly.Went there for breakfast. A beautiful place being that's in a former greenhouse. Not too big so I can see it filling up quickly. I got there at 9:30am on a Saturday, and it was about 80% filled. I had the "Morning Burrito" with salad (instead of the home fries) - very good! The coffee was very good too, and they kept it comin'. The servers were very nice and attentive. I recognized a waitress there that also works at Earth Bread & Brewery (another neighborhood eatery, and a favorite place). One for the books!Oh.  Boston Cream cupcake.  And I don't even like Boston cream.  
One of the contenders in the great cupcake challenge.  From here came a Boston Cream cupcake and a pumpkin cupcake that had all sorts of other stuff involved (maybe coconut and raisins?  I can't remember exactly).  The pumpkin cupcake was so moist, perfectly spiced.  That Boston cream cupcake though.  Whew!
The restaurant looks good, and the building is beautiful.  Can't wait to sample the actual menu.Good reasonably priced food. Needs to take reservations. The first come first serve - them leave and come back to an empty table thirty minutes later system is not pleasant.My wife, and I went for the Sunday Brunch.  It was our first visit to this quaint little spot in Chestnut Hill, PA.  It looks, and may have one time been a greenhouse, but don't let that throw you because this spot was fabulous.  I do recommend that if you are going for brunch be on time or earlier because it fills up FAST.  We both had the sticky buns to start, my wife had raisins and I had the nuts (pecans), these were the best damn sticky buns I have ever eaten in my LIFE!
We ordered the Petit Black Angus Rib Eye Steak which comes with potatoes and fried eggs and it was wonderful.  I cannot give this place enough accolades, I even had to have one of the wait-staff pass my compliments to the management, that's how impressed I was.  This was our first visit but it will not be our last.  Do yourself a favor and give this spot a try; you will NOT be disappointed.Great space. Ordered a cornucopia of different sides for my meal. The turkey bacon was delicious. The bagel was average but coming from a town that makes great bagels, I was a bit bias. Overall cute service. If you order the lemonade, be aware it is from a can and not freshly squeezed.I had Sunday brunch here in June with a friend.  Our wait was about 15 minutes, and well worth it - the food was delicious, our server attentive, and the bright, airy atmosphere made for a really wonderful afternoon.  I will definitely be back.'Cake' is a great restaurant for a 'no fuss, no muss' meal.  The lack of alcohol is made up for with a unique, tranquil decor and very pleasant staff.  
If you're a Center City dweller like myself, this place is a nice respite from the high maintenance establishments downtown.
My only piece of advice:  avoid high traffic dining days and times (i.e. brunch on the weekends) as this place tends to become overrun with yuppy, breast feeding mothers and their fussy, overly indulged children.I love CAKE for pastries but honestly their food is not so good.  Ordered a sirloin burger medium which came out so incredibly WELL done leather would have tasted better.  Not thrilled at all with the food quality. For $10 it should really be homemade, not from the freezer and not a 70/30 grade beef.Finally made it to Cake, fully intending it to be more expensive than the average place...I mean, it is in Chestnut Hill and all that.  It was a very cute spot.  
The problem was really with the food.  There really wasn't a lot to pick from on the menu and no specials.  My friend ordered a breakfast burrito and I ordered the cheddar and egg sandwich minus ham.  
It was a bad sign when I bit into my first homefry and it was raw.  About half of them were.  I added ketchup to at least soften them slightly.  Overall flavor was fine...just raw.  
The egg sandwich was really blah.  The bread wasn't toasted, warm or anything.  The eggs tasted like merely eggs with cheese.  There was no seasoning, no salt, no flavor.  Our waitress disappeared for a while and I was trying to decide what I could ask for to make it better.  Perplexed, I told her when she finally reappeared that the food was really blah and could I just get some jam because I was going to scrape the eggs off and add some salt myself...and maybe make some cold toast with the bread.  
After bringing jam, she never returned.  My friend's burrito was nothing to write home about and her potatoes were about half raw like mine.  She mentioned disappointment...I feel no need to return.  
My lackluster meal was $10; hers $12.  I'd sooner travel into Center City for some actually good breakfast food than come back here again.  Philly's breakfast options are such stand outs that there really is no room for blah.  Even for local, I'd prefer the pretty cheap crepes at High Point Cafe. 
Next up is Cafette.  Oh I'm so hoping for that place to be better to coax my friends up here with someplace!!!I love this place!  The food, the atmosphere, the service, and did I mention the food?  Eggs Madam, trust me!  This is a great spot for brunch or dinner, and we especially love the fact that it's a BYOB!!
Just a great great place!!!I have been to cake in the past, but I had the opportunity to take my Mom who was visiting for the Easter Holiday.  We stopped in for a wonderful afternoon lunch.  My ordered the Salmon Plate with a cup of mushroom soup.  I decided to go with the fish special - we made good choices.   The decor, the friendly wait staff and the tasty food make this place one good experience after another.  
If you are in the area - give it a try.We visited Cake for the first time today...and we were not disappointed.  I've been wanting to visit this cute little place for over a year.  It's a quaint, one-room greenhouse with a great vibe.  Our lunch was superb--I had the butternut squash ravioli in sage butter sauce (yum), and my husband had the "best chicken salad sandwich ever."  The black bean soup was a bit like chili, but it was still good.  For dessert, I had the chocolate peanut butter caramel tart...and it wasn't nearly as super-sweet as it might sound.  It was a great blend of flavors, with dark chocolate balancing the other two.  He had a lemon curd cupcake.  All I can say is that he scraped the liner with his fork.  Our waitress was a delight...we'll definitely go back!We went to Cake for brunch a few weeks ago.  Adorable setting - it's like a greenhouse but done very nicely.  I got one of the few lunch-type menu items - a salad, which was fresh and most importantly dressed appropriately.  Nothing ruins a salad like it being dressing soup.  Friendly service, and they will let you put your name in and then call your cell when your table is almost ready, as there's not much room to wait. Great place to come after/before a walk around Chestnut Hill or Forbidden Drive.Cakes breakfast was delicious and beautifully presented. The service was friendly and genuine. I would highly recommend this place. #yumI went to Cake for the FOURTH time now this past Friday and there was a slight improvement. The lunch menu is now Tues through Saturday! Yay! However I could not get my favorite Roasted Beet and Mango salad, even though it was on the website before arrived! They said Mangoes are out of season now. Instead they had roasted beets with oranges and grapefruit. It was ok. I really missed the mangoes, and berries. I will be calling them in October, when they said the mangoes will back in season! I hope they will have them again so I can go back again. I would go more often if I could have this salad each visit.Given the buzz about this place and the absolutely lovely young man who used to work at the old location, I've been surprised to find service ranging from mildly disinterested to outright snotty at the new spot.
While the food is good, I can't get past the rudeness of the staff -- the restaurant has been very cold on both of my visits and requests to be seated out of a direct draft were met with disbelieving stares, though the restaurant was mostly empty both times.  (And if they genuinely couldn't accommodate that request, there are SO many ways to deliver that news politely -- manager and owner, you've got some staff training to do!) 
Service at the bakery case was equally lackluster -- I waited for 10 minutes while multiple staff members refused to make any kind of eye contact, acknowledge that I was waiting, or offer to get the person who was supposed to be working there.   
It's too bad -- the food is well done and there aren't many breakfast places in the area that have good coffee and a full breakfast/brunch option -- and it's easily fixable if management steps in and trains its staff in actual customer service.  Let's hope whoever owns this place cares enough to make that happen.Disclaimer: have only been for brunch. 
Food is fabulous, the Greenhouse setting is unique and a very nice environment.  I recommend the quiche (different special each time) or french toast for brunch items! Pastries are also delicious and can be bought to take home. The only downsides are the wait staff can be slightly rude/inattentive and it's been quite crowded and noisy when I've been there. Although, this means people like coming. I recommend!Cute cafe space behind Robertson's.  The service was good but the food was nothing special... Nothing I couldn't make myself at home.this place is in a greenhouse. enough said.
I had the corn bread and it was possibly the best corn bread I have ever eaten. I didn't even know corn bread could be so good. As for all the other food I ordered - I don't even remember because the corn bread was so amazing.A quant little place in elegant Chestnut Hill. The restaurant has a lovely themed dining room with simple, yet satisfying menu options for anyone and everyone. Definitely a neighborhood favorite for lunch, brunch, or anything in between. Will be back soon!My cousin was coming to town, and is notorious for her sweet tooth, so I had to take her to take..right?  Plus I was dying to try it.  We had a little sampling - pecan pie, peanut butter cupcake, and coconut cake.  all were very good.  I'll be going back for lunch...the menu looked great!This is my absolute favorite brunch place in the Philly area! The food is consistently awesome and I love that this place is BYOB. The atmosphere is feels like you're in a greenhouse - very cute for taking pictures. The only downside is no reservations, but I've never had to wait more than 25 minutes even with a large group. Also, it is nice to walk around the town or in the store connected to the restaurant while waiting for your phone call to be seated. Highly recommend.At the suggestion of a coworker to
Visit the area and this locale, I loved it!
We missed brunch by a few minutes and they were strict about not allowing us to order from that menu. Our server was great!  She brought a flaky, decadent chocolate croissant to the table to entice us to return (from Chicago!) for brunch.  We will! 
Portion sizes were large for sharing, ingredients all good and the quaint feel of the greenhouse is very enticing.
I look forward to having the French toast on my next visit.Awesome place for Brunch. The location is amazing - right in the heart of Chestnut Hill, the seating area is an old greenhouse and it's connected to a cool shop. 
Breakfast burrito was amazing. Croissant was bliss. Crab cake benedict is the bomb.Love this place for brunch!  Great menu, cool atmosphere and great service.  Luckily we went on a weekend (July fourth) when everyone was still out of town, so we got a table almost immediately.  Everything was perfect!Everything on the menu is absolutely delicious. Atmosphere is great with it being in an old greenhouse/solarium. Love this place.Don't get sucked in by the deceptively pleasant ambience. Really disappointing food, and downright rude management.  In a word- yikes.Got the Eggs Madame. Totally awesome! Home fries were great (and I know because I'm Irish)! Wife got fritatta. Loved it!Just had dinner at Cake. The place is really cute and the food is great.
I had the mahi mahi with some kind of green sauce that was absolutely yummy. I can't recall what it was made of though. My fiance had the almond crusted trout which he loved! We started with the lemon hummus appetizer which we felt was a bit dry and too lemony...
We had cupcakes to go for dessert later at home. The cake part was actually too heavy, not light and fluffy as one would expect. So I give the cupcakes a "so-so".
P.S Its BYOBThis place is a great boutique restaurant. When you walk in, it's like walking into a greenhouse minus the mass amounts of sweat and dirt scattered across the floor. The floor is made of large dark tiles and there are plants and vines strategically placed all over the restaurant. The roof is glass with a mesh covering letting the perfect amount of sunlight in at any time of the day. It's a very cool atmosphere. 
The food was also great. We ordered several brunch items and all were well made (except the lemonade, but that just might be me being pretentious about my lemonade). The wait staff were quick and friendly. Long story short, I would absolutely recommend for brunch/lunch.Awesome place for brunch! I had crab cake eggs benny was delicious. My hubby & sis got the French Frittata.  The multi-grain bread was fresh & tummy - We finished it all in no time. The best part was dessert - Coconut lemon cream tart- OMG - in heaven / so fabulous. We took 2 home to have later.  You have to go! Plus Chestnut Hill is a fun place to walk around (after stuffing ourselves)...Ok so I decided to break out of my usual routine of eating pancakes at my favorite breakfast place in Chestnut Hill and try somewhere new.  
I went into Cake hoping for an amazing experience.  I came in the door and saw a group of people waiting for a table... it was a medium sized group... they had waited for a long time like 45 minutes and said this was the norm.  Nice folks.
Finally a staff member approached me, I said "one person" and since I noted TWO small, empty tables not next to one another, I thought when they were cleared, I'd have a seat.  WRONG. I was told it would take 40 minutes to seat me.  I don't know where those "ahead" of me where (perhaps the store which I just found out about via the reviews) but I was not going to wait that long for brunch in a town with several options. After reading reviews, it sounds common to wait regardless of when you go, I question whether it is because they are "so busy" or because they want to keep the reputation of having a wait. 
I was hungry and got a cinnamon bun (fresh, not day old) and a cupcake. I love cupcakes and find the best cupcakes in PA & NY.  I asked the server if the icing was sweet buttercream - was very precise about it (not sweet, medium sweet, very sweet) as I like it sweet not like butter. I always get plain vanilla icing, vanilla cupcake. If the icing is cream cheese, I pass, it just isn't my thing.  If you like cupcakes, a good one is fantastic! A bad one is a huge disappointment.
After a heap of attitude from the server about asking about the icing and the promise it was sweet, I left having paid $4.50 for two things.  I took a bite of the bun and wasn't impressed. Didn't finish it. I waited to have the cupcake because it had been refrigerated - I tasted the icing and it wasn't sweet AT ALL. And the bite of cake I had confirmed it wasn't anything worthwhile either. Didn't eat it either. What a waste of money, food and time.  Know your product people.  It's a small bakery in a restaurant, it isn't that hard.  
Not sure I'll ever experience "CAKE" given my first try.  I don't know why the wait, they had plenty of staff present... Customer service can DEFINITELY improve. Until then, I'll be going other places.In my attempt to try every place in the world named 'Cake', I came here with my misunderstandings . It is a "bakery" , but they also serve breakfast lunch and dinner. 
Ive heard about the place and happen to stumble into BEFORE hearing about it. I literally did stumble into this place by accident during Harry Potter weekend that they have every October. I was walking through the florist and walked through a door jam , tripped over a raised part in the floor , and was laying in the gorgeous, wonderland of a place. I started to raise up slowly from the floor , looking around in aw. It was surreal and quite comical later that evening . 
I honestly, thought I bumped my head and was seeing things. Its a beautiful little place , but wont go into detail of the ambiance and feel ,  straight to the food. 
The menu is a small one page menu ( LOVE THOSE) with a first course, consisting of salads, second course being the entrees and then sides. The desert menu is whatever they have up in dessert case, glass , pedestal , thingie.... I don't know what it is called! The sweet rewards case, try not to get addicted challenge... Anyways. 
I was with someone this evening, so I wasn't dining alone.This was our meal : 
Apps : Lentil Soup and Cesar salad with a complimentary basket of bread
Entrees: Rainbow Trout Almonade & Sirloin Steak something... Its always the same.
Desert: Cranberry Fragipan and a Salted Caramel Pumpkin Mousse cake. 
With iced teas...
Everything was OK. My fish was great, his steak sub par, potatoes tasted very boxed.
I would give it another chance though because my meal was good!This is a great spot to eat and a gem in Chestnut Hill. Get there early or be ready to wait a little bit as seating fills up quickly. The food, service, and bakery are all great. The place is really aesthetically pleasing and neatly designed. I have been here multiple times and always had a good experience.Drove 30 minutes after calling and asking if a table was available only to find out the kitchen was closed. Thanks!I found Cake to be quite competent.  Food good pastries very good.  Service was excellent and prompt.  They even went out and got for real milk for my coffee.We recently moved to Mt. Airy from Northern Liberties, and we were first very concerned that we would not find a great weekend breakfast spot like Honey's... but then we found CAKE!  
I would describe Cake as a more upscale version of Honeys.  They had similar items, but Cake took it up a notch.  Also their service is must faster there (see my review on Honeys) and staff is so nice.  
I love smoked salmon and was so happy with their version, smoked salmon with a latke topped with creme fraiche and caviar.  OH so delicious!  
Our only problem was that they opened so late on Sundays!  They open at 10am, and we're used to having Sunday brunch at 9.  But it's definitely worth the wait.Fantastic! Brunch is excellent! Staff is courteous. Clean and beautiful. Cake is perfect for a small group brunch outing. Does not take reservations for brunch hours. 
Garden frittata: 3 stars
Homefries: 4 stars
French toast: 4 stars
Beet & arugula salad: 4 stars
Breakfast burrito (surprisingly without meat): 5 stars
Boston creme cupcake: 4 stars
Chocolate with chocolate frosting cupcake: 3.5 stars
Ambience: 5 stars; I love the greenhouse! 
I am a huge fan of this place and hear their cakes are unbelievable. I will definitely be coming back to try more desserts!!Great place! Sunday brunch was delicious and the atmosphere was lovely. Definitely recommend!A cute greenhouse, doesn't make horrendous service any better. 
My husband and I were visiting Philadelphia in April, trying to find a new place to live-we have just relocated from Atlanta. So, we saw this cute greenhouse restaurant, Cake. I was totally taken with it, since I am a pastry girl, by trade. We made plans to come back for brunch the next day after looking for apartments. The hours are posted on the door-brunch until 3pm on Sunday. Perfect! 
We walked into Cake at 2:11pm. There was no hostess in site. The restaurant was busy, but NO ONE was waiting. A minute later, a girl behind the cupcake counter said "Can I help you?", like she had no idea why we were there... ??? I told her we would like a table for two, for brunch. She said, "Well, we take our last order at 2:30". Again, confusion. I told her I was mistaken because the sign on the door said 3pm. She again, said "We take our last order at 2:30". Ok, now I am starting to get angry. I told her unless my watch was fast, it was only 2:14 (she had wasted 3 minutes of our time, already.). She said (yes, she really said this) "Well, it looks like you will not be seated by 2:30". I looked around me, behind me, etc. to make sure I was not missing the busload of people that she thought were waiting to be seated. Of course, no one but the two of us waiting to be seated. I was steaming mad at this point, so instead of yelling at her, I just thanked her, and started to walk out. My husband asked me if I wanted a cupcake from the display case. Normally, I would never be so snooty about other peoples pastry, in front of them, but it was called for this time. I looked at the case of cupcakes (even though I had already seen their grocery store appearance, while waiting for our non-existent table, and said "No thanks, I don't do sprinkles, and cupcakes are passé anyway-wish people would catch on to that". 
So, that is my review if Cake. Love it or hate it-it is all true.