Cava has always been my go-to spot in DC so when I found out it was opening a lot closer to me in Philly I was thrilled.
The staff has been great and the interior is nice, the food is (almost) always amazing! The only issue I had recently was the rice was undercooked but taste wise, still delicious! Possibly a tad overpriced but I'm addicted so it won't stop me from going back regularly.Today is opening day and there was a long line! Workers are happy big bright smiles on their faces and the food.... DELICIOUS! This is my first time hearing of this place and eating here. I was just walking by and decided to stop by for lunch. I got the green+grain, eggplant spread, tzatziki spread, and hummus spread, chicken and falafel, and some other topping with sriracha Greek yogurt (it's not spicy by the way). But all very good!
If you are a guy that can eat a lot then this might not be the place for you. There are places that are cheaper and you can get more protein but other than that I think the food is delicious and I will go back again. I hear it's very popular and I can see why!Pro Tip: definitely order ahead online
After hearing rave reviews of this chain I ordered it for lunch today. It's $10 for a bowl but you can basically add as many topping as you'd like. I went with the super greens which were good but hard to pick up with a fork. I want to put the eggplant and red pepper dip on everything I eat from now on. It was a really good portion - I couldn't finish the whole thing. 
Since it just opened it was packed. Their pickup system is nice - the orders are alphabetized and you just grab and go. Mine wasn't ready when I arrived which was fine but my one complaint is the girl behind the counter told me they were out of chicken and asked what else she could get me...I didn't want anything else so just kind of stood there for a minute to which she said she'd go double check and then I watched her come back and take scoops of chicken out of a big container full of it. So I'm not sure why she said they were out when they clearly weren't. 
The chicken was also very good so I'm happy I ended up with it.This place is awesome! Much needed in the Philly area. The staff is great, and their food is always fresh! You feel good after grabbing a healthy bite from Cava. We have gotten the falafel and it was very tasty! 
Also, they have a fountain soda machine with different sodas and about 6 juice machines with off the wall flavors that are neat to try! 
A couple times we ordered via the app, and picked our desired time to grab our food. The reason why I've rates this 4 stars instead of 5 is because our food was never made on time. They were very good with apologizing and hooking us up with a free drink.. but no point to the app then. We might as well just come in and order. 
The dips and sauces are great! The harissa and crazy feta is a must! The hummus is delicious and the green harissa is fantastic. The lemon herb tahini is a unique one with a great flavor to your bowl. Get the mini pita when offered.. it comes with your meal!I love this place. I go a couple of times a week for lunch. I quickly learned that the best time to go is before the lunch hour, otherwise it's total chaos, with multiple items that they are "waiting on"... I get that they are new, but they are falling behind on replenishing items back of house, and by the take out area. They are often out of utensils, napkins, and the trash is over piled. They need better management. They need staff behind the line with better customer service. Otherwise, food is top notch. Philly is thrilled to have Cava, but they need to clean up their act to keep the line moving.Just went to Cava for lunch. AWESOME. With so many new Mediterranean places opening, this is my new fav. The flavors, the options, the free pita and option to get the eggplant red pepper hummus on the side ... legit. Definitely worth the walk in -5 degrees.Absolutely loved the look and idea of this restaurant, but left incredibly frustrated. Food was ok taste wise, not what I hoped but not the source of my frustration. First off, the overall amount of food you get in your bowl is fairly small, and 80% rice. The flaffel/ meat balls are small and they give you a total of 4 falafel, or 3 meat balls depending on which you order which is NOTHING when you see how much rice / how small these balls really are. I was so shocked when I saw how little I got that I asked for some additional meat balls to bring it up to a reasonable amount of meat. Even with both, it is substantially less meat than you will get at a chipotle. The final price for my bowl: $15. If you only got one meat: $10 for effectively a bowl or rice. One bright spot was that the staff was very friendly and helpful.Food itself was fresh and good. However, the service was rather poor-employees were not very pleasant or helpful when asked questions. There should also be better signage for the ingredients to choose from. It was rather over priced for what you received as well. And finally, the trash was over flowing. Overall, not horrible experience but for the price and service I'd go elsewhere -at least until they hopefully figure it out.The last 2 times I've been the roasted veggies have been DRENCHED in grease. In fact there was a pool of oil from them at the bottom of my bowl. Yuck.Excellent, delicious tasting food! I have been meaning to try Cava for many months now. Finally I caved in and stopped by this Mediteranean cafe. The inside is very specious with lots of chairs and tables. I was surprised to see that their layout can be compared to a Chipotle x salad bar. You can opt for the salad, bowl, or pita. 
I went for the salad and basically got as many colorful vegetables as possible. You have lots of options for the protein (I personally went for the falafel). They have a TON of sauces- if you're a hummus lover then this place is for you. If you're a vegan, or vegetarian or if you love eating your greens then I highly recommend this place. The combination of endless veggie possibilities is just amazing. I prefer this over any salad place in the city. You're not stuck with the same boring toppings anymore. Definitely come to Cava. There is lots to be discovered. I'm so glad they opened this. Philly needed you!Very mixed review. My chicken bowl on brown rice with tsatziki and vinaigrette was delicious. The server put a LOT of chicken on it.   For the flavor and price would have been 5 star. 
BUT that afternoon I couldn't stop drinking water due to thirst!  WAY TOO MUCH SODIUM (salt)!!!!  One star for this.Fresh, simple, fast casual Mediterranean. Great for lunch. Perfect for what it is. Glad to have it in this location!Was really excited to try this place after hearing the hype from DC friends. Ordered to-go and ended up waiting past the initial pickup time in a very crowded, chaotic environment. I understand they're new so hopefully they work this out.
But upon bringing my salad back, was disappointed to find stingy, sad portion sizes - I received an excuse for a salad that barely covered the bottom of the bowl with minimal amounts of everything.
The food tasted good, which is why this star rating isn't lower, but they really need to work out their kinks before opening in a crowded lunchtime area of the city. They need to train their staff to serve acceptable portions - and maybe don't skimp on lettuce (which is probably one of the cheapest ingredients) ;)On top of the food being phenomenal, the service is top notch. 
I brought my parents and the staff took their time with explaining the menu in great detail and encouraged them to try new things. It was honestly one of the best experiences I've had in the city in terms of service. Will definitely be back!Tasty, fresh food delivered fast and with a smile!
Here's what you need to know about CAVA:
- it's fast casual Mediterranean choose-your-own pita wraps or grain or salad bowls
- there is limited seating and a long line, especially at lunch time, so it can be worth it to order ahead on the app and take your order to-go
-for about $10, you can get:
-a base: pita, mini pita + soup, greens (the usual suspects like spinach and romaine as well as some custom blends), grains (saffron white basmati, brown basmati, or black lentils)
-up to 3 spreads like hummus, tzatziki, harissa, eggplant dip
-a protein: marinated chicken, braised lamb, meatballs, falafel, or roast veg
-unlimited toppings of various fresh and pickled vegetables, couscous, tabbouleh, feta, olives, pita crisps
-a dressing
The food is good, the combinations are endless, options are listed for calories and various dietary needs, and they've got great service!It's a build your own meal Mediterranean style. I arrived 11:30 and half hour later more customers came in.
Service was quick. You can have grain, greens or half grain half greens.
Spread: Hummus is the best compared to other options. My second favorite is roasted red pepper. The egg plant has weird taste. I thought it will taste like baba ganoush. It's not even close to it. I asked my spread to be on the side and it was not a lot. It's like a drop not a dollop. That's why I took a star down. Another reason for 4 instead of five stars is because the pita wasn't warm at all. It's an okay pita.
The roasted veggie was perfectly cooked and had balanced flavor. It's still has crunchiness. 
Download the app for points and advanced orders and easy payments.
The container is environmentally friendly. You can buy hummus there. 
The website has nutritional calculator for your customized order.Had lunch for the first time here yesterday. It was so good, I came back again today! I'm obsessed. It's like Chipotle, but soooo much more flavorful!My former Washington DC heart is so happy to have a Cava right around the corner from me in Center City Philly now! =D
If you haven't been, the easiest way to explain it would be to say it is like a chipotle except it is Mediterranean and 10x better food (both taste and quality). From previous experiences getting it around the DC area, it has been consistently fresh and you get a ton within your bowl for about $10 (depending which proteins you select). 
I picked up lunch from the Philly cava for the first time today and did an order ahead. The one thing that I sadly feel the need to mention is there was a small piece of plastic wrap within my bowl. I'm assuming that they have been overwhelmed with popularity and cooking up their food items, that something originally wrapped in plastic got stuck and went into my bowl. Thankfully I saw it before trying to swallow it and did not see any other pieces afterward (so I proceeded finishing the entire thing), but still something to take note of.Wow I loved it.  Tried a rice bowl with lamb meatballs, tzaziki, hummus and crazy feta plus a bunch of veggies.  It was VERY tasty.  I will be going here a lot.  Definitely in the top tier of the fast casual places next to honeygrow and sweet green.I can't lie when I say I was NERVOUS for Cava. If you are from Philly then you know the Verts dilemma...Verts opened. We loved it. It closed. Eat At Noon opened. We loved it. It closed. It was a rollercoaster and Cava is the new Verts of Center City and I have trust issues. Please don't close.  The Mediterranean Chipotle...love a good made-to-order restaurant.
It is so good. They have lots of options - very fresh and real ingredients. Whole 30 options for all you health nuts! Reasonably priced for the food you get, lots of seating, centralized location...it doesn't get better. My new favorite treat yourself dinner after I workout. 
You can also buy their hummus and take it to-go. Love that.Tried the grain bowl with Chicken, rice, red peppered hummus, tomatoes, cucumbers,  and pickled onions.  It was delicious!  I will be back the next time in Philly!My partner and I halted by Cava today on our mid-day break and everybody there was SO KIND. I attempted their assemble a bowl with fiery sheep meatballs (in addition to other things). The nourishment was delectable, yet additionally filling. Their client administration was faultless. I will totally be back.The food is so fresh and full of flavor. I really enjoyed the salad with black lentils. The line was extremely long but moved super fast. I definitely will be back!They give you like 5 leaves of greens when you asked for a salad. Portion size is awful. Also, service could be there. The best part was the lambSo good!!!! I would classify it as a healthier version of chipotle. The food is fresh and the customer service is excellent!! It was my first time and they gave me my meal free of charge!! It made my day!! Delicious! I will definitely be back!Very pleased with my experience at CAVA! I wasn't familiar with the set-up or many of the ingredients or dressings, but the staff were so friendly in helping me craft a custom bowl. As I walked down the line thinking about what I'd want in my meal, I was impressed by how fresh all the produce looked. I ended up getting mixed greens, black lentils, chicken, and an assortment of other add ins and dressings. To put it simply, I was blown away by just how good everything tasted! Not only were all the ingredients tasty individually, but the employees helped me create something that tasted good as a whole.
I also think it's worth noting that CAVA has really great juices and teas available. When I was there, they had a refreshing mint lemonade drink that I had a few refills of. If you end up going here and are looking for a refreshing drink (other than water) to go with your meal, definitely take a peak at what they have available.3.5 stars. I originally found Cava in Washington before I tried it in Philadelphia. The best way to describe Cava is a Mediterranean version of chipotle. Get a bowl where you pick your rice, meats, humus, veggies and toppings or pick the same items in a large pita. Ordering is easy and fast. Portions are large and the food is good / fresh. On my last few visits the chicken was a little fatty and / or grizzly which is a bit disappointing. Will try a different meat next time. That said, the wide variety of fresh ingredients keep me satisfied overall and makes me want to return. 
Tip: Grab one of the paper menus as you first walk in the door - it will guide you through the options and how to order. 
Recommended
BKBest Cava I have ever had! So fresh and delicious. Loved it thanks guys! Even the service was better than what I'm used to at northern va Cavas.Pretty okay restaurant that's in a great spot for lunch if you happen to work in Center City. The way that it was explained to me when I went was that "it's kind of like Chipotle, except obviously you're not making a burrito", but I'd argue that it's a little more expensive and less value, but at this point Chipotle is so big that it's kind of expected.  There are a lot of options for the dish that you make, and the staff is relatively patient even when you don't know what a lot of the common foods are or you can't hear them over the sound of the crowd (I am quite guilty of this, and honestly, I would be annoyed with me if I were them, so I'm actually pretty impressed with them). Overall pretty decent but major drawback is how crowded it gets around lunch time for Corporate America! But of course that could actually be a good sign.So delicious and so much garlic! I stopped by CAVA for a quick lunch and absolutely loved what I ordered. Even though it costs extra, I recommend adding grilled veggies in addition to a protein. I also love their feta spread and garlic sauce. The restaurant is also very accommodating of dietary restrictions. I'll be bringing my friends to this place!Solid place to eat if your in a rush or need a good sit down spot to eat. Would highly recommend. A very solid Mediterranean joint. Ive been here many times , and I've never been disappointed. However, it does get very busy during lunch hours.CAVA is perfect. It is truly the Chipotle of mediterranean food, but better. They have so many options, and it's not additional to add items (except some upgrades for meat). The food tastes delicious and is not loaded up with salt. You can order online using their app if you want to skip the line, but I have waited in a long line there before and it goes very quickly. I could eat this place almost everyday and be very happy!This is essentially Mediterranean chipotle. I'm not a fan of chipotle but this food I for sure like. You order your base with a protein and vegetables. There's also a few sides you can get like hummus, peta etc. Once your bowl is made you pay at the counter and you're ready to go. When I went there was no line and the transaction from start to finish lasted about 1-2 mins it was great because I was starving.
The food was really good I must say. Everything tasted fresh and was cooked well. The staff at the counter were polite, cheerful and helpful. This is very close to my office so I will most definitely be coming back.Great lunch spot. My online order was prepared correctly and on time even during a week day lunch rush when the line was out the door.The millionth build your own bowl/wrap Chipotle style restaurant to pop up. How creative. Haaa. But in all seriousness, I commend the convenience and consistency. Didn't realize this was a chain until I saw one over by Target on City Line. But either way, I'm no Mediterranean expert by any means so I'll just give you the useful info I can provide.
Line: as others have stated, the line is crazy long at lunch time. It does move relatively quickly but keyword is RELATIVELY. Haaa. It's still gonna take a while. My suggestion is to go around 2 or 3 when it's slower if you can. But not too many of you because then that line will be long too!
There are so many options as far as ingredients, it can be overwhelming especially with a million people behind you. So know what you want in advance. Better yet, take advantage of the app! Other than I can say it's a decent option with fresh ingredients for a good price. But the level of packed-ness can incite anxiety!So good!! Very friendly service, with fresh and delicious ingredients. I can imagine it being stressful to order if it's busy and you don't know the menu, but we went on a pretty quiet Saturday evening. Good amount of seating. Lots of great beverage options too. I'd love one of these out near me in the suburbs!!This place is MESSY, unorganized, never have fresh food out to serve,hard Uncooked rice...TERRIBLE FOR IT TO BE CAVA!!! I'm very disappointed. I ordered the chicken and it was dry no flavor the chips was old and hard. This location needs to be inspected and the manager and the team needs to do better on keeping it clean not sitting around taking playing with people food.. Just nasty and not even close to classy. Waste of my time and money don't come here !The service is bad, the food is decent. My first time here - the kids behind the counter are goofing off, my server is unattentive, borderline rude, and just overall blase, very unhelpful. It's nice to have another option for lunch around here but it's not blowing my mind.Yes it's an addition to the "eat in a bowl" casual dining space but it's the top of the list truly. This import from DC is fresh Mediterranean and their spreads are legendary.  Treat yourself to the crazy feta or the spicy eggplant (babaganoush) and you won't be disappointed.I'm a fan, but not a fan of the incredibly long lines lol. Be wary that during lunch time, it will shoot out the door and into Chestnut. Overall, the portions were pretty small compared to the $10-$12 you spend. It's similar to Mediterranean Chipotle, where you go down the line and get a rice bowl, salad or a pita. The saffron rice is pretty flavorless. An added plus is all the toppings that you can get to dress up the bowl. I also like how they have metal utensils there and bowls that are eco-friendly.This place is so awesome!! The amount of flavors that is in the bowls is shocking, every bite has a different taste because you can add so many different sauces/extra toppings, the options are endless. I also love that you can choose between just greens, just rice or a combo, that way you can keep it on the healthy side vs when you need a heavier meal. Also surprisingly the falafels were really crispy and fresh, which I did not expect. Overall awesome addition to the food options in that area, it'll definitely one of the go to spots.Terrible serivce. Terrible restaurant. Terrible customer serivce. And dog food portion. The chicken was burned. And pita was cold. 
The owner needs to retrain their servers, they have no idea about customer serivces. If the restaurant could not maintain the same quality as it opened at the beginning. The management need to rethink something.Decent food and bowls. Fast delivery well made and delicious. Definitely enjoyed the space. Similar to Sweet Green. Price is great. Honestly nothing bad to say, hence the five stars. Would definitely recommend or return.Has room for improvement.
I absolutely love Cava in Maryland and was so excited to have it so close to home! But my visit tonight was probably the worst Cava experience I've had, flavor and texture-wise.
The staff were great and the bathroom was clean.  I personally like the fresh juice/tea selection and flavors. But it was the hard texture of the brown rice and the bland flavors of the meal that left more to be desired. I don't know if it's because the vegetables didn't seem as crisp, or the sauce was not as strong in flavor...something was missing. 
I think I would definitely come back give it another try because it's one of my favorite restaurants in Maryland, but today's visit didn't hit the mark. I currently do not recommend and I hope that changes!My review is in line with the others. I've been to other cava locations and this one has been disappointing. the service has been inconsistent and portions for what you pay for you should get more than 2 beef meatballs and burnt chicken. Also don't recommend getting anything close to 9 because the portions become even smaller than lunch rush. You let me downI came here for their "Community Day," because I was promised a free dinner.  I was not able to enter this store because there was a line of people around the block and the door was blocked by people with video cameras apparently documenting the store's "success."  Yes, Yelp, i am documenting my experience "as a customer" of this store, who was very disappointed with the lack of service i was provided.  You can't tell people to show up during a two-hour window during which they'll be given free food, and then make them wait outside, in January, after dark.tl;dr touted as the Chipotle for Mediterranean food, offering build-your-own bowls and upscale juices on tap 
My partner has been raving about CAVA since her summer out in DC, and she was fittingly ecstatic upon hearing that the chain would open up an outpost in Philly.
CAVA opts for a modern interior, featuring high ceilings, wood tables, and whitewashed brick walls juxtaposed between vertical black slats. Vivid food imagery decorates the walls, and oblique lighting accentuates each picture and table. Two-seater tables scattered among the substantial open space, and the long kitchen in the back leaves plenty of space for potential long lines. Just before the bar is a large take-out area, with several shelves for all your pre-ordering needs. My big gripe is that the restaurant always seems to be teetering toward uncomfortably warm, which is especially problematic when I'm loaded up with winter apparel.
My go-to order is the Grilled Meatballs Greens + Grains bowl. The meatballs are always well-cooked and robustly Mediterranean, while the greens offer a light mix-in to the otherwise heavy starch base. The jalapeño-infused Crazy Feta dip is delicious, offering a zing to complement the unique flavor of feta. The Yogurt Dill sauce is reminiscent of tzatziki, serving as a fresh and light dressing to tie together the components of the bowl. On top of all this, you are offered a complimentary pita, giving you the chance to craft a gyro-like wrap using your meats and toppings.
Even after eating a whole bowl, your stomach doesn't feel the same heaviness of, say, a burrito (sorry I'm not sorry, Chipotle). This past visit, my partner's bowl was on the watery side, much to her dismay, so I can't give CAVA a 5-stars. That being for under $10, CAVA certainly is a welcome fast-casual option to the Rittenhouse dining scene.Great CAVA location! I swore by CAVA when I lived outside DC, where there are several locations. Thankfully they spread to Philly soon after I moved back to Philly! Not only is CAVA a great healthy make your own Mediterranean bowl chain, this location in particular has great customer service! When I ordered online and they added pita crisps when I requested none, they made me a whole extra bowl and I got to keep both!  Other great features: ample seating, great Rittenhouse location, friendly service, good hours. I enjoy the variety I have in my bowls with the mix and match dressings, vegetables, and meats, as well as the large portion sizes (lasts for about 3 meals for me). 5/5 for CAVA!Wow.  My new favorite lunch spot while I'm in the area. The spicy Lamb meatballs are awesome!!!!I ordered a braised-lamb dish. It was lukewarm, watery, and flavorless. Unsatisifed with it, I emailed Cava to request a refund or a credit. Unfortunately, Cava was willing only to give me half off my next order. They were unwilling to give me a full refund or credit. I was disappointed that they insisted on retaining some of the money I paid them for a wholly unacceptable product.Essentially Chipotle for Mediterranean food, or Sweetgreen but with different dressings/hummus/protein choices (like lamb!).
Wait time: though I know they're still working out some kinks (I've heard about delayed orders and misplaced orders), I'd recommend ordering ahead if you can! Around prime lunch time (12-1pm on weekdays), the line can go out of the door, although the line moves relatively quickly (perhaps 15-20 minute wait). 
Food: I recommend their feta dip and grilled lamb meatballs! They have a variety of options to choose from (you can pick 3 dips), and multiple toppings, along with free pita bread. I personally think their tomato soup is a bit too spicy, but I also am not a huge fan of harissa or spicy food.
One caveat: Don't order the braised lamb over the app - the oil/fat can congeal, and all you get are these orange, solid bits of fat (shown in picture). If you want the braised lamb, get it A) while you're ordering straight in the store or B) in a separate container so you can microwave it later.
Recommended Must-Try: I really enjoy their grilled lamb meatballs: not very oily at all, and no fat chunks - I might switch to these from the braised lamb.
Overall: 4/5 - would go back for a quick and cheap lunch (~$10-11 in total, with a good chunk of protein included), with my main complaint being the braised lamb. It's really decent pricing for the food you're getting.I am obsessed with CAVA after my friend from out of town urged me to go once she found out CAVA was opening a shop in Philly. The option to get affordable but delicious quality Mediterranean bowls is a great idea. A very great idea. The lamb was my personal favorite because it was surprising how tender and delicious it was. Honestly, everything is very tasty and colorful. The portions are also generous. So generous that I portioned it out for two meals!I was really excited to try Cava since it opened new in the city. There a lot of similar types of spots opening up but I always heard good things about Cava. Overall, I think it's a good place if you're looking for something healthy and also really fulling. 
Cava operates like many other "bowl" type places where you can pick from a variety of toppings and sides to create your own bowl. I highly recommend trying to creat a black lentil bowl! The black lentils are a really good alternative if you don't want rice. I also really enjoyed all the different sides: the hummus was surprisingly good! In addition, they really fill up your bowl with a lot of vegetables which I really appreciate. My only complaint was that when I got the black lentils they weren't as fresh as everything else but this may have been since it was near the end of the day.LOVE this place. This is new to the city and I had seen a ton of ads on Instagram. After a workout class, me and my friend wanted something healthy but filling and decided to try this place out. I am SO impressed. 
It's basically like a chipotle for Greek food. You can create your own bowl starting out with greens or rice, then you add a few sauces (I added hummus, eggplant hummus, and taziki) and then a bunch of toppings to choose from like cucumbers, tomatoes, feta, radishes, etc.  
Highly recommend trying the eggplant hummus!!I am a huge fan of Mediterranean food and felt the need to try out Cava due to a recommendation from a friend.
I stopped by after work to grab dinner someday during the week. The line wasn't long at all so I got my food pretty quickly. I got a bowl with majority of the options with falafel. I did enjoy the bowl a lot but the falafel was pretty bland and small compared to what I have had at places like Naya and Naf Naf.
Overall I liked that the bowl tasted fresh and light so I didn't feel sickly full after eating. I may return, but I have a preference for a few other places because of the way the falafel is made.I'd really love to give this a 5-star review but the items that were out of stock for the price of the salad was ridiculous. I essentially wound up with greens and protein with some cucumber and tomato. Also being charged for avocado and not getting refunded also is disappointing. The delivery was fast. The food was fresh. I just wish I could have had the salad I ordered.  No one from the business even called to inform me either. That's sad.This place is great for getting a grain/green bowl. Lots of great options that are mostly Mediterranean style. I got the falafel and it was good. A great place for lunch.Really enjoyed my rice bowl. This is the second Cava location I've been to; the first was in DC and I must say, I could really get used to the fast-casual atmosphere of this Mediterranean Chipotle. The roasted red pepper hummus add-on was delicious. The chicken was cooked well and it was all-around super flavorful. My bowl was filling, yet afterwards I didn't feel "heavy" or tired. Looking forward to a CAVA location opening up closer to where I live!Tasty food, good size portions, healthy ingredients, friendly staff, good drink options, good prices.Excellent service, quantity and quality! Their pitas and make your own bowls are stellar! Great vegetarian options too!I've come here 3-4 times and each time there has been some sort of disappointment. I love Cava generally, so this isn't a knock on the entire chain, but this branch needs some serious help. 
First, your servers move way too slow. I get it, you're new, but you really need to hustle. This is fast casual,  it casual casual. Do not come here thinking you'll be in and out because even if there is no one in line you'll still have to wait for someone to help you, figure out where the spinach is, or just while they very slowly make your meal. That's kind of unacceptable especially compared to sweet green up the street who is really efficient and has many many more ingredients. I've seen people walk out without online orders because they took too long to prepare. It's a mess. 
Next, it amazes me that they are always out of ingredients. I've never come here where they had everything. Particularly, they never have those famed fried pita chips. I've waited over 25 minutes for them to fry some for me on one occasion. I was desperate for them. Also, in DC they add seasoning to the chips (a little thyme or something), that's not the case here, which is a bummer. 
Finally the set up is not great. A huge chuck of real estate is dedicated to shelving for online orders. I guess they anticipated tons of online orders, but if you read above they barely move fast enough to fill them. The line forms so close to the seating near the serving area that no one really wants to be there when it's busy because people are literally on top of you. The line weirdly curves along the back blocking the entrance to the bathroom area too. The design I just really bad and makes for a awkward dining experience. 
Finally, the staff seems a bit clueless at times. I wonder if Cava thought to leave a veteran here for a few months until the place was up and running to train these people. When asked, most of them have no idea about the ingredients and they are constantly telling new customers to just look up at the options on the board without explaining it. For a brand new establishment to this city, you'd think they'd be more helpful. 
In sum, I suggest that you try the place because the food is good and different from what we have in the area. But (1) don't go here expecting to be in and out; (2) come after having already studied the menu; and (3) expect that at least one thing you want on the menu won't be available if you arrive during or anytime after the lunch hour.TLDR: Very good quick place to eat. Parking is either impossible to find or expensive. 
Interesting little Mediterranean place set up like Chipotle where you choose your own food adventure. All was hot, fresh, and packed with flavor. Would definitely go back if in the area.4 stars for taste, 3 stars for the order pick-up process
For the food, I am a huge fan of Cava's bowls, portion sizing, variety of different options and the price. I usually get mixed salads and grains with spinach and rice, pita bread, and I mix it up with chicken and lamb. I love that you can pick several options for spreads and drizzles and individual ingredients. 
For their COVID-19 pick-up: It felt like a lot of the orders are just left on the side and a person is not specifically there to help expedite the process of you getting your order in/out as quickly as possible. I walked inside around 5/6pm and felt slightly ignored at first. Just an odd vibe.
Tips/Takeaways:
-Mix up the bowl and shake it all around
-They do include napkins/utensils in your order.
-Would recommend for takeout for a filling, well-priced, delicious meal
-Support local!Terrible experience for the cost. We were there at 9:15, ordered and sat down by 9:25 to eat our late dinner. Their ice machine and drink machine was broken. The staff started sweeping the floor exactly where we were seated. No one wants dust rather waste from the floor being swept around while eating. She continued to sweep, mop the floor. Then wipe all the tables around us. Everything had to happen at 9:30. We halfway finished the meal, and left. Will not be returning. 
There are plenty of things that can be done minus sweeping the floor exactly where customers are seated if you're worried about closing on time. No one paid for dust and waste as a side with their dinner. I expected so much more from Cava.Wow! Amazing! I got a bowl with half brown rice and half super greens and it was amazing. I split half chicken and half falafel and was surprised that I still got a good portion of chicken even with it being half. Also, the seasoning on the chicken www some of the best I've had! I will say that a half portion of falafel is only two  pieces, which seemed pretty skimpy, but I overall still had leftovers after eating until I was satisfied. A friend had the lamb meatballs and falafel and she only got 4 of each but she paid for DOUBLE meat, so I thought that was pretty skimpy or say she was charged extra (regular would have been 2 and 2, which didn't seem like much at all). However, the falafel was GREAT--very different, more potato than I'm used to and it had whole chickpeas in it, but still very good. The hummus was also phenomenal. Honestly, I liked the traditional hummus the best--it was really well flavored. I also got the roasted red pepper hummus (pretty good) and eggplant garlic hummus (just OK). The sauces I got were a PERFECT blend: lemon tahini and garlic. Highly recommend! I also had cherry tomatoes, cucumbers, and couscous. All were great!Potentially the next big fast-casual chain in the US. A variety of healthy ingredients to choose from, reasonably prices, and so flavorful.LOVE CAVA! Such a good quick healthier style reasonable meal. The process is like getting a bowl from chipotle (but Mediterranean and for a girl who loves Mediterranean food this is just that much better). I did the build your own which came to around $11. My only complaint is we did not get pita and it totslly needed some. Also the service wasn't the quickest (although they usually are better). We got to go and ate at Rittenhouse square park.  Was such a pleasant experience.. Would definitely go back again!I'm happy to revise my rating up! I decided to give them another try since I love Mediterranean food. My experience today was nothing like the first visit.
My online order was ready and sitting on the pickup shelf, orders were not backed up and things were running smoothly.
...And my greens and grains bowl was yummy! Yay for improvement!Fresh food. Reasonably priced. And, great customer service! Especially, Gigi who works there. She takes so much care to make sure you got your order in time and accurate!My new favorite place! Just when I was starting to get bored of everything around me, in comes Cava! It's a breath of fresh air. They have plenty of fresh options to make your bowl everything you want it to be. My personal favorite is the falafel with lemon tahini. I'm guilty of getting it two days in a row this week. It was just that good! It's a great affordable lunch spot.First time i went got the rice bowl and it was really good...
Second time i got a salad... Got the supergreens... And the lamb... There was hard fiberous unedible parts in the salad. Assuming it was just me until i asked my wife and she also had hard pieces and was spitting it out. I think its the brussel sprouts. But didnt expect that. Probably wont return now that im grossed out from picking hard parts out of my food. Originally thought it was lamb bones until i saw it was green and hard.I'm ecstatic that Cava opened up right in my neighborhood. Cava is a fast-casual spot with delicious, fulfilling, and healthy options. Think Chipotle, but with Mediterranean food instead. 
At Cava, diners create their own meal in a series of steps. First pick your base: a bowl of greens and/or grains (lentils or rice), or in a pita. Next, choose up to 3 of the "spreads", ranging from a spicy feta, red pepper hummus, spicy harissa, and a few others. Choose your protein, with options like juicy marinated chicken, lamb or beef meatballs, falafel, or roasted seasonal vegetables. Before you finish off your meal, add an UNLIMITED amount of the fresh toppings, with things like bright cucumber and tomato salad, pickled onions, cabbage slaw, and tangy feta. Top it all off with a dressing (or 2), like the flavorful and spicy green harissa or the cooling yogurt tzatziki sauce. Everything comes together in a delicious bowl to eat there, or take to go. 
For all of this delicious and hearty food, the prices are extremely reasonable. A bowl full of veggies and protein costs ~$11. But don't skimp on the pita chips! The chips are the perfect thickness that lets them have a crispy exterior but a warm and chewy interior, perfect for scooping up your bowl. 
To explain how much I am enjoying this place - I went TWICE in the first three days they were open, and I expect many more visits back in the near future.The perfect addition to Philly's healthy, fresh and quick lunch service rotation of restaurants. This one is more Mediterranean focused, thus after your base and protein you get as many fresh veggies, spreads and hummus as you want. Everything was super fresh, flavorful and delicious. Plus they are super quick unlike some other places in the city. Highly recommend!Four stars but would've been five if the soda machine wasn't down for about four months. No, seriously, I have proof on Snapchat that the machine was down in May, and I went about once a week until August and didn't see a fixed machine until late September!! I love the build your own Mediterranean bowl idea. The portions are huge, and the staff is friendly. The pita tastes old sometimes, but everything else makes up for it.IS THERE AN OPTION FOR 0 STARS! Because after my personal experience, this is how damaged, repulsed and nauseous that I feel. This is the rating that CAVA deserves! (found a CRICKET/GRASSHOPPER in my meal)...
I was going about my day per usual and looking forward to a delicious lunch on a beautiful day during a quick break from my extremely stressful job (that could have potentially been alleviated by indulging in a satisfying meal at CAVA). The following event absolutely RUINED my day, my co-workers' days and potentially my ability and desire to ever eat greens, grains or salads ever again! It MOST DEFINITELY will stop me from EVER returning to a CAVA establishment. 
To the point - I ordered a salad and started peacefully eating before I spotted a quite troublesome and fully grown CRICKET IN MY LETTUCE! Cricket, Grasshopper, Preying Mantis...call it what you want, but there is no doubt that this disgusting and potentially disease-bearing CRICKET had been fully mixed into my dish. This is NOT a mini-bug, which would be more understandable. This is a visibly MASSIVE INSECT with colossal legs and wings that I almost ate! Absolutely mortifying, degrading, upsetting, confusing, agitating, distressing and DISGUSTING. I approached Management and only heard excuses...they had ZERO explanations and offered NO solutions.
As a popular chain in various cities, and claimed to be the "Chipotle for Mediterranean food," I feel that it is my civic duty to inform my fellow lunch eaters and show the people the horrific site that I witnessed and almost digested. 
Per their website: "CAVA dips and spreads are available in Whole Foods Markets and other specialty markets across the country - with availability specifically across the Mid-Atlantic, Northeast, Southern California, and the Midwest."....does the Whole Food's version also contain insects and crickets?! BE AWARE - it doesn't matter what geographic region you reside in, you may also find INSECTS in your food!
"When life and food are so linked, it can't be about one or the other. CAVA is about a way of eating each day that fits into the way you aspire to live."...I can't speak for the masses, but eating crickets is not the way I aspire to live my precious life!This spot is so great! I ordered my food ahead of time online and picked it up inside the store. It was a very quick and easy process. The pita bread is complimentary with the grain bowl, but I highly recommend getting it! The prices are very reasonable too and the great thing about creating your own bowl is that you can put unlimited toppings in it, which is a plus. Great lunch place!We live down the street and we were happy to have another option close by. All the options are great. Ordering online is convenient. Here comes the BUT...the past 2 times our orders have been wrong. I went back the first time and the staff was very pleasant and corrected the mistake. This time I'm not going back. This went from convenient to annoying.I've probably gone here over a dozen times over the past 6 weeks since I first discovered it. This place is the chipotle of Mediterranean food, in a good way. For a under $10 (at the time of writing) you get a hefty amount of food and can customize your meal as much as you want with different bases, spreads, unlimited toppings, sauces, and protein. Their chicken is amazing, and at least as good if not better than Chipotle's chicken (I know, bold claim). The slow cooked lamb is also delicious.
Ordering is fast and the restaurant is clean. For the money I think this is a delicious, cheap, and most importantly healthy fast casual option that is hard to find in many places.
By the way if you order pickup through their app you can see the calorie count for each ingredient.The idea of CAVA is pretty great. It's basically the Mediterranean version of chipotle. They have a ton of options between bowls or pitas, types of bases or proteins, and a bunch of sauces. I think this location in particular falls short in terms of seating and organization. The place is usually a mess, and getting a seat during lunch hours is nearly impossible. Everything is super close together so you feel like you're sitting on top of people. My last experience here was kind of rushed and the server ended up putting the wrong sauce on my bowl so we had to start over. I get that it was busy and the workers are probably stressed, but taking a little time to listen goes a long way. All in all, my food was great (rice bowl with honey harissa chicken) but I think the team needs to step it up!Our first experience with CAVA has been excellent! I loved the grilled chicken on black lentils and my wife loved the spicy meatballs she had. 
PS : I saved the dips for a second meal as the food was very flavorful all by itself. Harissa , tahini and the eggplant combination was delicious.