TBH I've only ordered take out. The food is amazing every time but I've waited over an hour and a half for delivery to the point where I'm not even hungry anymore.
Only go in person.So, on my first visit I only tried three dishes, if you count the rice. I plan to go back. I will update when I do. The two dishes I ordered couldn't be further from each other in flavor, though both included chicken.
The first was sesame chicken, which was outstanding. The chicken was tender. It had a crispy shell. And the sauce was neither too heavy with corn starch, nor too sweet. This is an excellent version of this dish.
The second was the dry pot chicken. The description says that it comes to the table in a sizzling mini-wok. Indeed it came in a mini-wok, with some sort of apparatus meant to take a sterno can underneath, but there was no sterno can to be found. Curious. I was ready for spicy, and this was definitely ragingly hot. It is one of those dishes full of dry hot chilis that I tend to eat around. I don't mind eating around a chili, but there was a lot to eat around in this dish: copious crumbled bay leaves (so many kisses from the cook,); star anise, black peppercorns, and sichuan peppercorns. One of these things was rather unpleasant to bite into; I think it was the sichuan peppercorns. The flavor of the chicken was outstanding, but picking all those whole spices out was a pain. Maybe they should consider straining out the bay leaves and sichuan peppercorns. cheese cloth? bouquet garni?
And the rice. I don't mind an al dente rice, but this was a bit beyond. 
In short, there is no comparing this restaurant to a crappy take-out place like Lucky's or a crappy sit-in like Beijing. This is cuisine on a different level.Still great, but I do want to provide some feedback.
BYO woot woot! 
I got the dandan noodles and wontons in chili oil again. I'd say the dandan noodles were still on point, but the wontons were kinda meh.. not sure if I'll get them again to be honest!
The new dish we got was salt baked squid in shrimp, which was perfectly salty, crispy and delicious! But one complaint -- the shrimp still had the shells on it. And it's not like the batter was crispy enough that you could just eat it skin on. I'd prefer if they removed it. Not sure if that was a mistake.. but every single shrimp was the same. 
Other than that, solid experience.I hands down had the best/ most authentic Szechuan Chinese meal of my life here. I went with a Chinese friend who is a big fan and relative expert on Szechuan Chinese food, so was more adventurous then I would have been otherwise.  My Chinese friend said it was the best most authentic Szechuan food she had in the states so far (she's been here for about 8 years).  She said it was better than Han Dynasty. She said Han Dynasty used to be great but thinks it has declined recently.   What we ate:
For appetizer we had the Ox Tongue and Tripe w. Chili Sauce...it was like a salad/antipasto dish. I would say  the tongue is similar in texture to prosciutto...so fresh and tender, and definitely spicy, but a complex flavorful spicy that did not feel painful to me.  I can handle Szechuan spice for some reason, where as I cannot handle Indian spice.  For the main dishes we ordered: 
Rabbit with dry pepper flavor. Again spicy and super complex and flavorful...was a bit bony but had some incredibly succulent chunks of meat, with peanuts. 
Boiled Fish w/ Pickled Cabbage and Chili: This was the all around favorite...it came in this huge bowl...the most tender pieces of fish with all kinds of tasty vegetables floating around, these delicate mushrooms and the soy bean sprouts were amazing, they had the biggest plumpest buds I had ever seen.  This was relatively not as spicy and simpler in flavor but still super tasty and fresh. 
Short ribs (I think there was more to the name):  Deep fried chunks of tender, relatively greasy but savory beef among a melange of peppers and tasty spiciness
Oh and very fast, cordial service...all Chinese employees who speak English but helps to have a native speaker and reader and cuisine aficionado, especially if you want to get adventurous.  They are very amenable to spiciness requests.  They do have an "Americanized" menu which I'm told is still 10 times tastier and fresher than your run of the mill hole in the wall street corner Chinese joint.  Very reasonably priced.
What I like best about the food here is that I feel it gives me energy and vitality instead of a food coma. It gets my juices flowing (literally makes me sweat).This is my regular go to spot for Chinese food! I've been both here and Han Dynasty multiple times and I will hands down always vote to go here. This place is the best bang for your buck when it comes to Szechuan food. I always order their cold garlic pork belly appetizer and spicy dry pepper fried fish. Can't go wrong with these dishes...well, unless you can't eat spicy food.A CHEAP PLACE WHICH ENDS UP BEING VERY EXPENSIVE. 
We moved to west Philly six months ago. Since we live very near to Chili Szechuan we were regular customers and we used to come to this place at least once a month. Last times we came we were pretty disappointed because the service, which at the beginning was very friendly, became very rude. The straw that broke the camel's back happened today. 
Since this place is BYOB my husband and I took 2 bottles of good wine (he only likes red one and I only like white one) and we sat at the table. The server saw that we had the wine and we needed a bottle opener, but she was too busy using her cell phone to pay attention to us. After some time waiting, my husband called the waitress and she didn't came to the table to ask what we needed, she just stayed in the same place and yelled: WHAT DO YOU WANT?. My husband asked her for the bottle opener and she brought it to us with a non friendly face. After that, we had a regular lunch, not bad but not too good either. When we finished lunch we realized that we only drank half of each bottle so we decided to take them back home. 
Once at home we realized that we forgot a bottle so my husband called them to ask if he could pick it up. The girl at the phone was extremely rude with him and said that they already throw it to the garbage. They also told us that we forgot there the credit card so my husband went back there to pick it up. My husband asked again for the bottle of wine and told them it was not nice that they trashed it. The woman said being very impolite that we were very lucky because after all they gave us back the credit card since they could have thrown it away. As you can imagine, we decided that after that we will never go back.
In summary, a very frustrating and unprofessional experience at this restaurant.This modest byob place is probably my favorite Chinese spot in Philly. It's nothing fancy and can get a bit crowded but the food is always great. They're happy to accommodate groups eager to share a large meal and a few bottles of wine. 
They have an Americanized menu but I always stick with the specialties and the veggies. I love the vegetable dumplings in chili oil, Chinese cabbage with dry pepper, fish soup, dry pepper tofu, chilled beef tendon appetizer, or dry pot anythingPerfect food! I'm from Sichuan and I'm a foodie. I talked to the chef (also the owner). He's also from Sichuan. He loves cooking and he's done research on this. Definitely try this place if you could.I really want to give this place five stars, but I actually can't stand talking to the people that work here. I come here, frequently, as it's across the street from my apt. I really like the food, but the employes here are annoyed, regularly!! I've heard one of the guys suck his teeth while talking to someone on the phone... More than once.... While I was standing there. 
I also had an issue where I asked for my meal to be vegetarian and there was chicken and shrimp on it. I walked back across the street just to switch it out and three of the employees came out with attitudes and couldn't understand what vegetarian meant. I was so annoyed, BUT the yummy-ness and convenience will keep me coming back.I had a very awful delivery experience. We ordered two dishes and were told 20-30 minutes. 60 minutes later, we called to ask about our order, and they said it was leaving the restaurant. 30 minutes later we FINALLY received the order. (I could walk there and back in 30 minutes, btw.)
Then, after all that, no rice. So we called again, and they said they would send over some rice. We asked if it would take another hour and a half, and the lady on the phone laughed and said no. Know why? Because they didn't send it at all. 
Their delivery stinks.
Which is too bad, because although it was a pretty awful experience, the food was pretty good. Maybe I'll try them again, but I'll take the half hour walk, if I do.The food here is pretty good - I've eaten here a few times.  The salty fish is delicious, the dan dan is pretty good too.  I order the General tso's and that's quite good, especially among a dearth of good chinese food options in west philly (delivery).  However, t his is the second time I've ordered the pork fried rice and it is. not. good.  I don't know what they are doing to the little pieces of pork, but they are not tasty and they're kinda soggy looking.  The rest of it is delicious, but I think I'll stick to veggie from now on.  I also wish they made egg rolls -- I know this place is supposed to serve more traditional (read: legit) chinese food than your standard bullet proof glass takeout place, but I'll just say it, I kinda wish their americanized menu was a little more fleshed out.  Side note, don't miss out on the steamed greens with rice -- always delicious.Chili Szechuan is much better for take out/delivery than it is for dining in. Dine in portions seem a bit smaller, the space is cold and "meh," and the service is lackluster, even bordering on rude at times.
That being said, the food is a viable alternative to the spendier Han Dynasty. Some friends and I, being gluttons with too much time on our hands, actually did a blind taste test of the two restaurants last summer. We ordered each restaurant's version of 5 dishes (Szechuan cucumbers, dan dan noodles, cumin lamb, dry pot chicken, and ma po tofu) and pitted them against each other. One non-voter plated them up so that the rest of us didn't know which dish was from which restaurant. We marked which version of each dish we liked better. By this measure, Han Dynasty won handily, earning the majority vote in 4 out of the 5 dishes. However, we also ranked each dish on a scale of 1-10. When we added up the total points, out of a possible 500 points (10 people, 10 points per dish, 5 dishes), Chili Szechuan came within 4 points of the venerable Handy Nasty. 
The moral of my absurd story is that the food at Chili Szechuan is not quite as good as Han Dynasty, but it's a very, very close contest. Since it's substantially cheaper, it's a better spot for take out or delivery. But Han Dynasty has better service, generally speaking, and is less of a hole-in-the-wall and serves decent mixed drinks, so I'd go there to eat in.Not sure how this place only has 3.5 stars.
Chili Szechuan was our first takeout/delivery meal upon moving to West Philly last month. Placed an order online (they take 15% off all online orders!) and exactly 12 minutes (!!!) later, received a phone call that they were outside our apartment. Best delivery experience ever.
It took us forever to decide because of how much they have to offer, but we ended up trying the dry pot beef, braised pork belly, and mango fried rice with chicken. The dry pot beef was strong on the 'numbing' spice from the szechuan peppercorns, which was a totally new but enjoyable thing for me. The beef wasn't the rubbery protein that a lot of chinese places serve up, but actual tender strips of beef. The pork belly was too fatty for me (I know, I know), but quite flavorful and definitely recommended for those who enjoy the cut. The mango fried rice w/chicken was probably my favorite, as the mango was surprisingly ripe and juicy and the dish itself packed some serious heat. The chicken was incredibly tender and soaked in spicy, sweet goodness.
All of the portions were huge (I mean HUGE!) and lasted us for a few more meals. Waiting to try a few more things before bumping my review up to five stars, but I'm pretty confident that Chili Szechuan will make the grade the next time we order out.You can always tell a good Chinese restaurant by how much of its patronage is Chinese people.
Chili Szechuan is a Chinese food oasis in a West Philly community teeming with Americanized take-out joints and General Tso's everything. This place presents Sichuan cuisine more authentically than that other Sichuan giant Philly loves so much, but in larger quantities and with lower prices. Sure, that other place might have higher quality individual ingredients, but if we're talking total package and overall satisfaction, Chili Szechuan gets the win.
Typical of Sichuan cooking, almost everything here is spicy, covered in pepper corns and doused with chili oil - yet each dish still possesses its own unique flavor. Many menu items have that delightful mouth-numbing sort of spice, so don't come here if you're married to the idea of "facial sensation".
Order off the Chef's Special menu only. This is imperative for the success of your meal. Some of my favorite dishes: cold sesame noodle (superior to the dan dan, though that is also good), ben ben chicken (served cold, boneless, with roasted peanuts and crispy cucumber - so don't order the cucumber separately), cumin lamb, water boiled fish, and mapo dofu. Tip: do takeout here and save the excess sauce for future cooking adventures.
This place isn't perfect, but I promise it will be your favorite Chinese restaurant this side of the Schuylkill (as long as you're cool with chili oil, numbing spice, high sodium levels, and eating in proximity to a ton of Chinese people).I have never been compelled to write a review before but I feel this has to be done. The whole experience was a nightmare. The service were very rude when we asked for attention. I will never come back. Worst service ever!The food was great and very authentic. Chili Szechuan is  cheaper than Han dynasty, but the ambience is not as good as the latter. We ordered online and picked up two dishes; mapo tofu and cumin lamb. Both the dishes were spicy and delicious. However, as per my knowledge, mapo tofu is a preparation of tofu, ground pork and Szechuan sauce and I could not find any ground pork in that dish. Another point is that the spice level of the food was very high. Online ordering does not give the flexibility to customize the spice level-not sure if it can be done in the restaurant. Overall the food was really tempting and scrumptious. I will definitely go there again.The portions at this place are amazing, the service is fast, and the spice flows freely. What more could you ask from a Szechuan joint? GO.
Also, dry pepper anything. Do it. (especially tofu)This restaurant is easily one of my favorite places to eat in the entire city. 
For people out there that are worried about the level of spice - get this: I am definitely NOT a spicy-food enthusiast, and make no mistake, the food at Chili Szechuan is pretty much crazy spicy across the board. BUT. It is also so very, very delicious. And I find that, after eating really spicy food, I feel so good! This restaurant is making a spicy-food convert out of me.
My favorites: dan dan noodles, Chinese cabbage with dry pepper and the "rural-style" lamb. 
Get at this, Philly. :)This highly underrated place is a hidden gem on Baltimore ave. We discovered it close to the holidays when no other restaurant was open and have been regular visitors ever since. 99% Of the time we order the schezwan style chicken. Were huge Han dynasty fans and we can never decide who makes this dish better. 
The portion is big and we usually just get one dish among two people. The wait staff may not seem super friendly at first-but they warmed up to us in a few weeks and now know exactly what we want!The menu can be a bit complicated as it seems to be one of those that customers build themselves. You choose the seasoning, and then the meat. The seasoning has marks that show how spicy a dish is. The restaurant is clean and the servers friendly. Not a bad location, but the dishes ordered seemed to lack much distinction, ending up tasting all alike.This should be more of a 3.5 star review.  In a nutshell, the food it godsent, but the service is from hell.  I come from abroad and have been amazed at what passes as Chinese food here in America.  This restaurant is the real deal in terms of authenticity.  I have a very high tolerance for spice and this place definitely caters to your requests.  The food is scrumptious and I wish I could eat it every day.
The Service, however, is lacking.
1. Experience One.
The food took forever to get here.  Once it did, my boyfriend told the guy he would tip him three and to give him back six dollars.  The guy gave back three dollars and ran back to the car before my boyfriend could stop him.  I called the restaurant about it and the guy came back and gave us back three dollars, and kept three dollars for him self.  Heck, it wasn't even the same guy.  He was such a coward he had his codriver do it for him.  After tipgate, we realised they did not even pack my wontons with chili oil.  So I had to call the restaurant again and they delivered my wontons, stat.  It was not handled well.
2. Experience Two
My order was placed at 8:23.  It is 9:30.  Still waiting. Still no sign of the food.  I called twice and the manager hung up on me mid question.  This sucks because I am really hungry/agitated/need some chilies in my life.
This place has the potential to be great.  The food is AMAZING!!!!!! But the service is far below sub par.  They had better get their act together because I am at the cusp of being done with them, great food or not... Manage your business with pride and courtesy.I ordered the Szechuan chili sauce with chicken. This is the real Szechuan deal and is very affordable for excellent Chinese food. The dish was delicious and super spicy. 
I highly recommend anyone who like this style of Chinese to check this place out.This is a terrific addition to the expanding food scene in West Philadelphia.  You can order from their "Americanized" dishes (familiar Chinese restaurant stuff) or from their "Chef's Special" menu, less familiar and which they'll explain to you happily.   The salt-backed squid was outstanding, the steamed dumplings in a mili chili sauce practically slid down our throats, and the dry pepper chicken was crispy and spicy but not too.   And don't pass up the pumpkin cake dessert, little deep-fried sugar-coated pillows from heaven.   The staff are cheerful and welcoming and they want to introduce you to new flavors.   And they deliver!    The place is small and a bit on the spare side - a bit of decorating wouldn't hurt.  But it's clean and bright and the jasmine tea is a nice touch.I am disturbed and confused. My family and I have ordered from here since they have opened but tonight was the worst phone experience I have ever had. Long story short, I called to place an order for pick up and was told to call back in 5 minutes then dial tone. I called back, asked if we got disconnected and was told "no, we weren't disconnected, do you want to order?" I said " no but I will come to the store." Got to the store, a man walked to the register, I asked if he was the person who I just spoke to about the call back in 5 min., he said yes. I asked " what was that all about?" He said "we didn't get disconnected. Do you still want to order?" I asked his name and said "no, Leo," which he told me was his name. I will never spend any money there again and I hope my friends and family follow. I did like the food. Thanks Leo!!If you only get one thing here, go with the spicy lamb chops. This deep-fried, powerfully-flavored, perfectly lamby creation is spectacular. It's pretty spicy, in the best possible way. Some may find that the bones make it a little more difficult to eat, but leaving the bone in just adds another dimension of flavor. It's probably one of the more pricey things on the menu, and for good reason. 
If you only get two things, opt for the house special chicken (on the appetizer menu). Great choice for a non-spicy eater. The chicken is tender, moist, slightly sweet, and succulently flavored. These guys somehow succeed in making chicken taste like roast pork (a clearly superior meat!).
TL;DR Spicy lamb chops. House special chicken. You're welcome.I got a bunch of items off of the menu as I've never eaten here before. Actually got it delivered, super fast. Just moved in so I didn't have any condiments, why no soy sauce Chili Szechuan? Some kinda purist thing or just overlooked? Anyway - the spice is good here, flavors are built up and exist underneath the heat so...YUM. Did not care for the texture of the chicken but that spicy cabbage and those dry green beans? DAMN, damn, damn. Keepers! And I got some soy for the fridge...For the price you're paying for the food, this is one of the best Chinese food around the area. Far better than Beijing and cheaper than Han Dynasty. The most interesting thing about it is that it offers a complete Americanized menu and the traditional Chinese menu - so you can decide if you're going for authentic or americanized. 
I'm only speaking for delivery and I was wow-ed, I can't imagine what the food tastes like sitting in the restaurant freshly served. 
We ordered from the traditional menu and got the Dongbo Braised Pork. This tastes like home. It's super tender, big portions, and very fatty. If you're not much of a spice eater, I definitely recommend it. I also ordered the House Fried Rice and Mango Fried Rice with chicken, which are very big servings.
Excited to eat more!I asked for recommendations from some of my neighbors and several people recommended this place. Generally I prefer Vietnamese, Thai, or Cambodian cuisine to Chinese but my 12 year old  really wanted some Sesame Chicken, so Chinese it was.
Upon arrival, the tiny dining room was pleasantly  a buzz with activity. The decor was simple but cozy and cheerful and everything smelled MARVELOUS.T We ordered 3 entrees and 3 appetizers for our first time ordering from this neighborhood hot spot. 
The Cumin Lamb was great. The Sesame Chicken was really just General Tsao's Chicken with sesame seeds sprinkled on top and the Chicken Lo Mein was good with noodles that were fresh and springy and the chicken was tender. 
The apps were not a success: Pork Spring Rolls were very grease-soaked and tough, Steamed Dumplings had a thick rubbery dough with tasteless filling  and Crab Rangoon was pretty much all cream cheese with no discernible crab and it also had a thick, tough dough shell.  We didn't finish the Rangoon and dumplings and thew a few out. That NEVER happens. 
We ordered online and the  promotion wasn't honored at pick up: free Chicken Fried Rice with a $40 order.  So, kind of a mixed bag.WISH I COULD GIVE 0 STAR! WORST EXPERIENCE EVER. FIRST TIME WRITING REVIEW. HAVE TO LET PEOPLE KNOW!
I ordered pick-ups a couple of times from this place. For at least 3 times, I get home ready to eat, only to find that they didn't give me rice, or soup, or something else I ordered. I didn't complain to them at first because I thought it was an honest mistake. The last time they did this, I called them and explained the situation. They were extremely RUDE!!!! They told me if wanted the food, I had to come back to the restaurant and pick it up myself. I had an interview right after so I can't go back. And why the hell should I pay for their mistakes? I told them that I thought it was their mistake so they should deliver the food to my apartment, but they refused to do so and literally LAUGHED AT me and used all sorts of SARCASM when I try to reason with them. I don't even care about the food anymore. I got soooo angry and insisted that they deliver. They finally agreed to deliver the food. Now that I think about it, making them deliver is really not a good idea. Because when the delivery guy came to my apartment, I was in the middle of the phone job interview. They kept calling me and ringing my door bell and I had to come downstairs to get the food. The delivery person gave me a harsh look and didn't even say a word to me. Who dares to eat this food?
I feel like they are one of the places that try to secretly take advantage of you. If you don't have the time to complain and argue with them, they get their way; most of the time we just don't have the time and energy to make the complaint and be angry with things like this. If they secretly steal some rice or soup from customers, and have such bad service (and kind of proud of it actually, with all the laughter, sarcasm, etc), who knows what else they are willing to do in order to make a profit?
If you feel like you don't need this kind of crap in life, stay away from this restaurant. If there's no way to get around it, when you order pick-up, make sure you check your bags before you leave the restaurant that they actually put everything you paid for in the bag. Finally, don't try to call and complain if you don't want to get a heart attackHonestly, I had to re-review because I love this place so much. Since starting to come in early February, I can say that I have been back at least 8 + times. 
For the price you pay, it's just incredible. Much better than all the other Chinese restaurants nearby and a LOT more authentic than Han Dynasty. 
My favorite dishes: 
Dongbo Braised Pork - tastes like my mom's home cooked meal! 
Pickled Chili Flavor Fish - the most perfect fish you will ever eat, it's tender, flavorful, and you know it's fresh 
Spicy Double Cooked Pork 
Chinese Greens (unsure of the actual name but it's the bokchoy and super fresh/big) 
They also have pretty good house fried rice! Also, the girl that works there is SUPER nice and the food comes out in minutes.The place was loud and resounded with raucous laughter, but the food is wonderful! I had a chefs special of beef vegetables and seafood that was copious and delicious.I'm so happy to be able to give this place 5 stars now. Since my last review, there has been a new girl at the front. She's so much easier to talk to and more friendly. It makes my experience there more pleasant. 
The other nice thing about this place is that they stopped messing up my order. My order used to be consistently wrong and now it's repeated to me and always correct. It's become one of my favorite places to frequent. Unfortunately, they're not staying in the neighborhood. They'll still be in west Philly, but not at that location.Super fast and friendly delivery..Fried Dumplings were the best I  ever had. They were big and hearty enough tho be a meal in itself. NOW....The Chilli Pot with Chicken was way beyond anything I could of expected especially for a delivery and at that price point....The portion and the flavor were amazing. I would expect this quality of a dish from a higher end restaurant.I was fortunate enough to grow up in a state where affordable, authentic Chinese food is the norm, and I spent a year living (but mostly eating) in China. With that said, I understand that I live in Philadelphia now and must lower my standards or risk starvation. My reviews here reflect that.
At first, I was impressed with the food at Chili Szechuan. After trying Han Dynasty and Jane G's, I was relieved to find that authentic Sichuan food at affordable prices does indeed exist in Philadelphia. However, after exploring more of the menu, I realized that most items are not worth ordering twice. I've ordered many poorly cooked dishes, including the house special tofu and eggplant with garlic sauce.
The one dish that I never tire of is the spicy lamb chops. Numbing Sichuan peppercorns are the perfect complement to the gamy flavor of lamb chops. In general, I just love Sichuan lamb dishes. While I haven't tried it here, cumin lamb is dependably good. 
For a surefire way to have a successful meal, stick with the classic Sichuan dishes.The food is undoubtedly delicious. But if you order on Grubhub they have a RIDICULOUS delivery minimum. Not only that, but they take forever (no matter how close you are), my orders are often wrong, and the last two times I ordered delivery, my food was cold. (Cold Dan-dan noodles are not very tasty.) If you want to try this, I recommend eating there and not ordering delivery otherwise it will leave you with a very bad impression. 
If I could give the delivery 1 star I would, but 3 was awarded for the fact that the food *is* good.NOTE: This review is for the new location around 42nd and Chestnut, which recently opened. 
Definitely closer to a 4 than a 3, but not quite at a 4 yet. 
I passed this place while I was walking around lunchtime and decided it would be a good idea to try it out, as I had come to the Chili Szechuan on Baltimore before and thought it was pretty good. The place looked (obviously) very new and clean and the service was good. It looks a lot fancier than the Baltimore location. Normally, I come to these places for authentic dishes, but I randomly felt like getting the General Tso's chicken. I thought it was good, and the plate presentation was done well. While I was there, I saw a few customers come in to pick-up their orders, and it looked like there was a bit of confusion. I don't think anyone was dissatisfied however -- they might have just been a little unorganized or unused to processing pick-ups. 
I'll try this place again in the future after it has a little more time to establish itself, but overall, not bad.Ahhhh authentic Chinese food, very hard to find, cause you always come across the Americanized version, which is crap to me, no authentic Chinese food use melted processed cheese on their food. So, so far Han dynasty was the only other authentic Chinese place, my friend Russell the Zane man told me about this place, decided to check ot with a couple of my roommates, the places was small but decent , great thing its a BYOB too, so we put our order in. I ordered the dry hot pot rabbit. Well all I have to say was the food was really good except for a couple of things, I think they are using msg in their food which makes it taste like it's loaded with sodium and 2 a lot of people get side effects from it when its in high concentration, second they have to tell the chef to remove the bones from the rabbit meat, every bite was with a bone, no fun eating. Otherwise, its a good place to eat.Don't let the decor of this place fool you. This may look like the random mediocre Chinese restaurant you find at the corner of your block, BUT IT'S NOT! Yes, the sign is plain, the decor is the epitome of simple, but the FOOD is much higher quality than this restaurant appears. I choose this restaurant over Han Dynasty any day. 
From the dry pepper fried meats (fish is my fav), to the cold pork belly appetizers, or even the soups on a cold rainy day, this is the place I go when in the mood for legit, non-overpriced, and of course spicy, Chinese food.The food was bland. And the person taking my order was short and didn't get my order correct. I only ordered rice and general Tao chicken and they couldn't get that right.UNRELIABLE--AVOID!!! Whether they will deliver or not is at their whim!  
 We placed our order Thursday night at 6:00 for $30 on 10/10/2013.
You'll find out only after ordering and paying online, when they give you a call 20 minutes later noting that they are "too busy" tonight to want to deliver your order (yes, she actually said that). The restaurant then attempted to cajole us into coming to pick up the order, but when we told them we had no transportation, they told us that we (in Center City west) were beyond the area that they 'deliver'. It took another couple minutes of explaining to them that yes--we DO want a refund. Still waiting on getting our money back....AVOID.I'd give a 3.5 but since I like their hot and sour rice noodle so much i'll round up to a 4 star.
We always order delivery , it is always slow and often came with an attitude . 
Besides the service , food is pretty good . We always get hot and sour rice noodle and lamb chop . The hot and sour rice noodle is always great but the lamb chop could be hit or miss . The lamb chop often has too much fat on it which makes it impossible to eat . 
I came in one day with a friend and tried their dan dan noodle , which was surprisingly good . Then we had braised beef brisket which was non spicy and super tender . The popular fish filet in hot chili oil was only so so , my friends and I both agreed on never ordering this dish again .Do you want real authentic Chinese food? Chili Szechuan is a hidden gem in West Philly. The dry pot is one of the most outstanding Chinese meals I've had stateside. The Dan Dan noodles are out of this world and the dumplings are very good as well. But be warned, real Szechuan food is spicy and this is real Szechuan food.Their delivery service is prompt, and the food is very tasty. Try the dry pot if you like spicy goodness.I like Chili Szechuan over Pinwei or PingPong in Philly area primarily based on two factors: 1st, their price is more reasonable, 2nd the restaurant owner is from Sichuan, the origin of Szechuan style, as such he knows which chef to hire to get the more authentic Szechuan style. I will bring friends back MANY TIMES MORE !Two stars because the food was good but the service was horrible. Took almost two hours to get the food delivered and when I called the person on the phone seemed appalled that I didn't know they were busy. Sorry to have bothered you with business...I almost hate to reduce the average rating of this restaurant from 5 with my 4-star rating, because this place is amazing so far. I really enjoyed their ma po tofu a lot. The menu is similar in many ways to that of Han Dynasty, not just in the food items but also the descriptions, but the ma po tofu I had was just a bit better. It was a surprise given the questionable appearance of the shop. I look forward to trying new and old things here.After ordering cumin lamb for delivery, I must take back what I said about it being dependably good. The dish was extremely bitter, most likely because the cumin seeds were burnt. I also ordered the dry sauteed string beans. This dish was not cooked the traditional way (with dried chilies), but it still tasted fine. I received a small container of cold noodles with sweet chili sauce for free, and enjoyed it very much. While the cumin lamb was a letdown, the overall meal was "A-OK."Went to dinner with the family last night. Didn't have a bad dish at all. The portions are so large we had plenty of leftovers for mmm mmm lunch today. Started off with dan dan noodles (so good we ordered 2 of them) and the szechuan cucumbers. After that chicken dry pepper, the szechuan style deep fried fish fillet (I think they messed up with that, came out as a soup dish, but it was still REALLY good), green beans, and mapo tofu. everything came out quick and hot!I live around the corner from this place, which is... a problem. The food here is so good and the portions are gigantic. I usually get the house special lo mein (super-spicy and full of meats) and the pork dumplings with chili sauce. And then I pour the extra chili sauce over the lo mein. It's... incredible. 
Just go here. You won't be sorry.Most Chinese places never make the food spicy enough so I was pleased with the level of heat.  But the chicken in the Kung Pao Chicken seemed mushy, almost the consistency of tofu.  It didn't seem like chicken to me.i live in the not cool part of West Philly (in the 50s) and my neighborhood is awash with Chinese places, most complete with bullet proof glass, the air thick with MSG. Chili Szechuan is by far the best of this huge lot.
instead of drenching their food in sauce and grease, everything is flavorful and fresh. General Tso's Chicken is crunchy on the outside and tender on the inside, the broccoli is crisp and the brown rice is perfect. the crab rangoons (one of my standbys) are crisp and generous, although they don't include enough sauce. portions are always generous.
i've only ordered for delivery, so i can't speak to the dining in experience. they are fast and friendly on delivery, however.
overall, this is the place in West Philly for upscale, fresh Chinese food without a huge price tag.I came back to this place a year later and placed an almost identical order to the last time -- General Tso's Tofu and Dan Dan Noodles. I'm pleased to say that the restaurant has improved in every respect:
The Dan Dan Noodles remain competitive with Han Dynasty (they might have been even a bit spicier this time!) and they came pre-tossed in the sauce and ready to eat. 
General Tso's Tofu was still quite tasty and a bit crisper this time, although only just. The upside though is that rice was included. 
All in all these changes are enough to bump it up a star in my book.Just got delivery from here. Certainly not bad. More than passable! I got their steamed dumplings which were thick, and had a good bit of filling (though the filling was bland) and the beef lo mein. Was disappointed in the lo mein- the noodles were dry, and it was spicier than I was expecting. Still, all in all, quite alright!Extremely disappointed at the customer service at this restaurant.  I have ordered from them regularly in the past.  This evening I ordered my usual, only to get a call an HOUR later saying they could not deliver my food because they were TOO BUSY.  Are you kidding me?!  The restaurant offered nothing in return and barely apologized for the "inconvenience".  
Bottom Line: If you don't want to be left angry and hungry, don't order from this place.This place is near my office and thank goodness for that!  This neighborhood needed a fresh, new, tasty Chinese place with takeout and delivery.  You can get all sorts of super spicy Szechuan dishes that are not your typical Chinese take-out meals.  
I am a big fan of the dry pot flavor and the dry pepper flavor dishes.  The Szechuan wontons in hot oil are not is a peanut sauce, but in a HOT OIL.  
You can get a filling, spicy, fresh-tasting lunch for under $7.  You can also try something from their "Americanized" menu if you're not too keen on tofu pudding flavor.
The only black mark would be that sometimes when you order over the phone or online, it takes a little longer than they say it will.
If you dig spicy food, want to try something different from the typical Chinese fare, then this is the place.I ordered the double cooked pork and szechuan style cucumbers. Both were really good! Loved how spicy the cucumbers were. I ordered through grubhub so delivery was "on time" but just barely made it. I will definitely order from here again.ok so I lied, I've eaten here at least 10 times since this annoying incident. I love their food, my favorite is the wontons in chili oil and the shrimp dry pot.  Notable mentions are the house special fried rice.I ordered delivery from here for dinner and loved their authentic dishes. The mapo tofu was very well made, and the dan dan noodles were especially delicious. I've been to other Szechuan style restaurants and this is my favorite one so far! Their dishes are very spicy but still plenty flavorful.
Delivery was also super fast (food arrived within 15 minutes) and the fee was only $1.Really delicious szechuan food.  Better than Han Dynasty, in my opinion, and much cheaper.
Vegetarian friendly.
The tofu in szechuan chile sauce and the eggplant with basil were particularly tasty.While the food is pretty tasty, I am extremely disappointed in the rude service I received after I place a delivery order last night. After making a point to order a mild entree, it arrived and was full of hot peppers and completely inedible. When I called the restaurant to politely complain and remedy the situation, I was told "We made it mild" and was told if I wanted them to correct the mistake, I'd have to place a new order and pay for it. After much back and forth they brought me a new dish, although I'm a bit hesitant to eat it after that kind of service...
Hey Chili Szechuan - your food isn't that good. Teach your workers some customer service. I miss Green Garden.This is the most mismanaged, poorly run restaurant I have encountered in a long time. They have a regular habit of getting your orders wrong, forgetting your orders altogether, not picking up the telephone if you want to order delivery or take out service. When you do get your Chinese food, it is pretty good ... they are trying to be a sort of "budget" version of University City's famous Han Dynasty Restaurant which specializes in the spicy cuisines of Hunan and Sichuan Provinces. I like their dumplings in chili oil, dan dan noodles and pork belly in garlic sauce, but I can not depend on this place. I live right in the neighborhood a few blocks away and these amateurs have botched my orders nearly every time with eating in or calling for delivery. I recommend spending a couple of extra dollars and go elsewhere like Han Dynasty.Got the Szechuan chicken on takeout. There is no waiting area but I just ordered and came back. I like spicy food and this was that and more! I took off a star for the chicken, it was sliced thin, rubbery, and anything but plentiful. The vegetables included were abundant.The three star rating is mainly a reflection of some very strong points and very weak points. I ordered General Tso's Tofu and Dan Dan Noodles. The website offered a promotion of a free order of fried wontons with this, which I took advantage of. The order was for takeout.
Dan Dan Noodles: These were very good and very flavorful. Competitive with Han Dynasty, which is saying a lot. I'd give a slight edge to Han Dynasty but Chili Szechuan's offering is significantly cheaper which makes it a great value. The one problem is that they do not mix the sauce in with the noodles for takeout -- the sauce is all on the bottom, so you have to toss the noodles yourself to mix it up. This isn't a problem if you are eating at home, but if you don't have a bowl to toss it in at work you might be in trouble. The container that they come in is not large enough to toss the noodles in.
General Tso's Tofu: The tofu was not crispy, but the flavor was among the best I've had. On the whole I'd say it's a plus, but you might want to be careful if you really need that crispy finish. 
Fried Wontons: These were not included in my order. Instead, they gave me a small wonton soup. I am not sure if this was a mistake on their end or if the promotion on the website is inaccurate. Either way I did not notice until I got home (should have checked!), so it didn't seem worth going back to the restaurant to deal with it. The soup was among the worst that I've had. The wonton skins were reasonable (a bit of a middle ground between the thick skins you see in most takeout Chinese restaurants and the thin cantonese-style wontons that you get in most Chinatown restaurants) but there was almost no filling. There were only two wontons in the soup and the broth had little to no flavor. I should make a disclaimer though: I tried the soup after the Dan Dan Noodles, so it may be that the noodles were so flavorful that my palate was wrecked for the soup. 
Other: It's worth noting that no rice was included. I'm not sure if this was intentional or a mistake.
Chili Szechuan has a real shot to stand out among West Philly Chinese spots -- hopefully the problems listed above are due to the restaurant's newness and will be corrected over time!Chili Szechuan offers authentic cooking in the style of China's Sichuan province. For many dishes, that means both numb-y and spicy. Yes, that's right: "numb" is a considered a flavor in Chinese cuisine. I lived in China for five years and quickly became a fan of Sichuan cooking. Eating this food is a lovely work-out. You eat and sweat at the same time. So far, my favorite dishes are: the fish with Szechuan Chili Sauce Flavor (shui zhu yu) and the Benben Chicken. Both are swimming in oil, super hot, super numb-y, and really really good. If that sounds appetizing to you, Chili's is your place. If not, you can still go to Chili's; just order off the "Americanized" portion of the menu.
PS. In case your interested, the Chinese phrase on Chili's storefront reads "chuan liu bu xi," which describes the never-ending flow of people and traffic. I know that I'll keep flowing into Chili's for my Sichuan food fix!If you like spicy foods, you'll like this place.  My 2 favorite dishes here are the mapo tofu and the tofu pudding with fish.  Both are so delicious but very spicy.  I usually pay for it the next day but sometimes, its worth itThe one star is strictly for the delicious food. 
I took my sister here today because she has never been and intended on sitting inside and eating. it's a really cute place. 
We ordered chili wontons, shrimp dry pot, house spicy fried rice  and a pint of garlic chicken. I was told oh the pints of food are for takeout only. 
I literally had to bite my tongue. STUPIDEST RULE EVER. 1. I've ordered pints of shrimp and broccoli and sat inside plenty of times. I literally mean PLENTY of times. I have bank statements to prove how much I eat here. Also wtf does it matter if I ordered a pint of something if I'm ordering $30 worth of food?! 
Honey won't be back for a while.Food is good. I always do take out because its so close to my home. The service is little less. The people never seem to be happy and sometimes when orderong, can be curt on the phone.Amazing chines! Try the dandan nudles and the garlic eggplant!**recent update - I am demoting chili Szechuan to 4 stars due to a recent dining experience. Everything was great as said below (in original post), but the waiter was a little rude, making us feel rushed so she could close early even though it was a Friday night. On top of that one of our dishes lacked seasoning, which was not normal for them. Other than that, see below:**
(Original post) So far I am completely blown away by This authentic Chinese restaurant. They are so legit you'd have actually go to china to find food this authentic - literally (I know because I spent six weeks there - and when I got back I realized many of the restaurants we consider "chinese" have been highly americanized). It is rare to find a place that makes you feel you are actually back in China, but this place pulls it off. Just know when they say spicy - they aren't kidding! Whoa! (Yes!!!! I love it!) My first dish was the Boiled fish soup and I am dying to eat more!As a Chinese myself, I could say the spicy food here is awesome! Very like what I have back in China. The owner is nice and service is good too. I frequent here almost every month. They also have delivery service!Great new Chinese restaurant I dined here a couple weeks back with a friend and we enjoyed the great lunch specials. Great decor inside and laid back atmosphere.Great Szechuan food. One of the best Chinese place near Upenn. Spicy appetizers are my favorites. - Feicheng ChihexiaozuThis place is great. In the heart of Cedar Park and West Philly, who could think you could find an authentic Szechuan place? 
You know you're in the right place when at any hour of the day you walk in, and Chinese business men are chatting it up over wontons in chili sauce, dan dan noodles.
I've gotten the fish in the medium spicy level twice. It's amazingly tender, very good, and chokingly spicy! They may not have west philly prices, but the food is good with great portions. Highly recommend!Not sure if the comparisons to Han Dynasty are a bit exaggerated, but I was thoroughly pleased with our first experience ordering takeout from Chili Szechuan. The Boy got the Beef Dry Pot flavor - marked with 3 peppers on their takeout menu, it was really, really spicy. He ate it all, but I suspect that he wished that it were a lot less hot. My Chicken Szechuan Chili Sauce Flavor was also marked with 3 peppers, but it was spot-on with adequate but not-too-spicy flavor. We started with the steamed dumplings that were frankly too doughy, so 4 stars for that. Maybe a little more expensive than you might want to pay for takeout, but I assure you that it's more than enough food for two meals, so think of it that way. Overall a satisfying experience, and we will definitely be back.It was love at first bite with Chili Szechuan and me.  The first time I tasted their tantalizingly spicy food, I was hooked.  I food-fantasized for days until I finally went back for more.
Chili Szechuan serves authentic Szechuan Chinese cuisine (similar to Han Dynasty's food, except it's cheaper & generally better).  NOTE: Szechuan cuisine is often SPICY & HOT & NUMBING.  That's what Szechuan cuisine is.  You can ask them to prepare it medium or mild instead of hot, which will turn down the heat a bit, but the base flavours (from hot peppers, Szechuan peppercorns) are themselves spicy & numbing if you order a spicy dish.  If you think Sriracha Rooster sauce is hot, you might want to avoid the spicy dishes (or work up to them step by step).
That said, I always go back for the fish: the Szechuan chili sauce fish & Dry pot fish. Both dishes have tender slices of fish in a spicy numb-with-Szechuan-peppercorns chili oil sauce that I can't get enough of.  This tender spicy fish is what I crave ALL THE TIME.
I haven't tried everything on the menu yet but all the Szechuan food I've had here is good.  The Benben chicken and cold sesame noodles are what got me hooked the first time.  The Benben chicken (listed as an appetizer) is cool, smooth, succulent chicken served with a peppercorn-chili oil.  Spicy lamb chops and lotus root w/ pickled vegetable are also great.  I love lotus root & I don't often see it on menus, so it's great that they do it.
I can't wait to try more dishes here -- it's been rather difficult since I already have faves that I MUST HAVE each time.  As with life in general, Chili Szechuan is full of tough choices.I just recently discovered Chili Szechuan and it has quickly rose to the top of my delivery faves! 
The food they serve is delicious and has much better spice than other local delivery options.Some dishes definitely have a kick, but they also have a ton of flavor. I like spice and have never had anything that was too spicy here. 
Each time we order, I try to include at least one new dish. My favorites so far have been the dan dan noodles, the kung pao chicken, the mixed greens and the house special fried tofu. I also really enjoyed the house rice noodles. However, they do not keep well as leftovers. 
In terms of delivery service, the food does take a bit longer than some other places I order from. However, the food is well worth the wait, and every time I have ordered the delivery person has been really nice. 
Oh, and don't be turned off by the prices. The food is a little more expensive than other Chinese takeout. However, it is worth it for the quality. The ingredients are fresh, the food is great, and again, the flavor is amazing!I recently ordered the spicy house special lo mein. It had the perfect amount of spice that cannot be found at other local resturants. The chicken was very tender, the shrimp was not too rubbery or scant. I also ordered the spring rolls which come with homeade ducksauce and not the fake watered down duck sauce that nearly everyone has become accustomed to. So in my opinion if you are looking for some great chinese food, szechuan chili is the place to go.I like this place. It is good food, but it is by no means exceptional. 
But it is no patch on Han Dynasty. I know lots of people here think of it is as a close substitute for Han but for a vegetarian, it is not, except for one dish as I've detailed below.
The Dan Dan noodles at this place are greasier and the flavor is less complex - they are good but not great. The Tofu with Double Mushroom was awful - it was so bad I had to throw it out. The reason is that tofu was deep fried and the mushrooms were a combination of some canned mushrooms (unforgivable) and portobello is a greasy slimy sauce. But another tofu dish - the mapo tofu is outstanding at Chili Szechuan and probably the only thing that is a close substitute for Han. The quantities this place serves are great, and with Dan Dan+a tofu dish, it is enough food for 2 people.
The location and layout is modest but pleasant, and the staff is friendly and helpful.Dear delivery guy,
First of all, even elevators take time. If you can't wait for 5 minutes, call me 5 minutes in advance of getting here.
Second, stop calling me like crazy! There's only 5 minutes between your first call and when I met you, and you called me three times!!
If you are upset for waiting for 5 minutes, then say it! Shaking your head, rolling your eyes, and throwing the delivery bag to me is not a good way at all! Being passive aggressive does no good, especially I pay your tips!
All in all, what is wrong with you delivery guy? This guy just ruined all my love for Chili Szechuan! I'd pay more delivery fee if you can find a better person or at least provide some basic training to him!!I ordered their dan dan noodles, house special chicken, and their benben chicken.  Dan dan noodles were way too spicy in my opinion and does not include a peanut butter base that you can taste compared to the one they make at Han Dynasty.  There was minimal ground beef in the noodles as well so it ended up just being really spicy noodles to swallow down.  The house special chicken had a chinese BBQ taste to it with no spices added, which ended up being a good compliment to the dan dan noodles, but it was on the drier end.  The benben chicken is basically sliced chicken breast meat in chili oil which was probably the most solid dish of them all. 
Not sure if I will order from here again given the overall subpar food and slightly above average price compared to other chinese takeouts nearby, otherwise if you LOVE spicy food, this might be up your alley.I recently discovered this place despite having lived in University City for 3 years, and I must say this place is great. Decent price too. The spice level is on point for us spice lovers. This place is great for groups and the cuisine is more on the authentic side - the ambiance is homey as well. We got the chili oil wontons and dan dan noodles for appetizers, mapo tofu, spicy crispy fish (?) and some others that I can't remember but were all delicious. Would come here again!This is a hidden gem in West Philly. Looks like nothing from the outside but nice ambience once you head in. I originally ordered delivery and the food was so bomb (even after sitting for however long it took to get to our house) that me and my friends decided to pull up and dine in one time for the one time. The Szechuan style is authentic and the dishes, while they are Chinese American classics, have a clean, bold flavor that puts respect on the province. It can be a little expensive but it's worth it when you want to eat somewhere a little nicer than usual.I've been using yelp for a long time, and this is the first restaurant that I'm rating because I think this restaurant is not getting the amazingness it deserves! The prices are incredibly cheap, the food is very authentic, and the waiting staff have been nothing but accommodating. I loved it so much I went two nights in a row. This restaurant is quickly becoming my favorite in all of west philly!I love the green beans and the scallion pancakes. It's our midweek go to when we don't want to cook!Typical Szechuan Dishes, however, I thought it could be more spicy. The severs are very nice and friendly.Excellent flavor. Very traditional Chinese food. Like it so much. Frequently come here.Great food and super reasonable with big portions -- just what is recommended. The only thing I would change is the attitude of the waiters and the fact that they have a minimum $25 for credit card. -_-OMG THIS PLACE IS LIKE HOT FOOD LOVERS DREAM BOAT!!! I am so in love with this place. The best chili oil in town!!! Love the curry lamb but my fav is the Steam Vegetable dumplings with chili oil. Also my husband and I fight over the crab rangoons they are so good!!! At one point we were so addicted it was most 4 orders a week.
My husband loves the salt back shrimp! West Philadelphia I have to say is churning out some of the rocking awesome restaurants! Move over center city here comes West Philly!!!They gave us solo cups...that's all I've got to say. 
Oh and food was good.Great place! Authentic and americanized dishes clearly distinguished on the extensive menu. Food was fast and delicious.This is one of the best Szechuan food restaurants I've I ever been in US so far. The Szechuan food there has right amount of chili oil. Service was excellent but kinda slow. Food like dongpo pork belly and sprareribs are not quite impressive. I guess it's was because that they are food from other parts of China but not from Szechuan. In summary, you may want to order Szechuan food (with more chili marks) there. Sorry to miss out reviewing the orange chicken or other American Chinese food but I personally prefer authentic Chinese food.As the daughter of a restaurant owner I really wanted to give them more stars but the dishes were just not up to par considering the price. We had the Mapo tofu and Mongolian beef dishes in the lunch special. The Mapo tofu was ok but the Mongolian beef was the worst I've ever had at any Chinese restaurants. The beef was chewy and the sauce was tasteless. My husband who is definitely not a picky eater at all was barely able to eat it. We have had their food before at their previous location and it was much better so we're hoping this was just an off day for them.I  like this place. The food here is traditional and delicious, and the price is reasonable. We always have party hereI am torn.  The food is delicious but both delivery and the service when you eat there are absolutely horrible.
Others have mentioned the long delivery wait, the inflated delivery prices on grubhub, and with a tip of just ten percent I spend 8 dollars on delivery and tip alone. Ordering on grubhub is just not worth it and I don't want to tip less because I am genuinely afraid they will spit in my food.  I explain why below.
We will never eat at that restaurant again.  It is clear that the service do not care about their customers.  We waited twenty minutes before we even got water.  We got all but one of the dishes we ordered.  When we asked where our missing dish was the waiter just shrugged and said "I forgot" and walked away. No apology, no rushing to the kitchen to make sure we got our food. I saw him writing our order down.  So we decided not to leave a tip.  A server who did not even serve us stopped us at the door and demanded a tip.  We said we did not get what we ordered, so we were not going to give a tip.  Then he started screaming obscenities at us as we walked out the door. WOW
That was at the Chestnut location.  We experienced horrible service when they were at Baltimore as well but I don't feel like writing an essay.  The. servers. do. not. care. one. bit. about the people they are serving.
Even calling in to order is horrible.  When they were at their Baltimore location, I placed an order, waited for an hour, called in to check the status of my order.  They claimed I never placed an order and when I persisted saying I just wanted my food the guy actually started screaming and me calling me horrible things and hung up.
As I said before, the food is delicious.  It is very authentic. But the way this restaurant is run is one huge FAIL.  Dine at your own risk.I have been to Chili Szechuan a handful of times and enjoyed most of the dishes I've tried.
I highly recommend their dan-dan noodles, pork belly with garlic sauce appetizer, dry pepper fish fillet, salt baked squid, braised pork with preserved vegetable in soya sauce, and dongpo braised pork belly.
I really enjoyed their dry pepper fish fillet (not to be confused with their dry pot flavor). The fish was fried in a light batter and coated in what appeared to be a mixture of chili oil, salt, and other seasonings. The fry on the fish made the dish crispy and not greasy as I would've expected with fried food. The meat was very moist and the seasonings were addictive. As with all of their "dry pepper" and "salt baked" flavors, the seasoning can be moderately salty (warning if you want to avoid salt) but it's quite yummy especially eating it with white rice.
Both of their pork belly dishes (pork w/ preserved veggies & dongpo braised pork) was very fatty/meaty and tender. The flavors were earthy, almost medicinal. These dishes were not the sweet/savory ones I wished they were, but ended up being a good pair with the dry pepper fish to offset the sodium high. 
I do not recommend any of their rabbit dishes-- very bony and just a hassle to eat. I also don't recommend any of their milk teas, or desserts since they aren't made in-house and tasted like freezer burn (in reference to the green tea tiramisu I had recently). 
Overall, Chili Szechuan is a great place to come with a group of friends and enjoy family-style eating. Decor and furniture are modern, and with ambient lighting, making this place an adequate dinner date location or casual meal with colleagues sans the alcohol. Wait staff is courteous and attentive. Their dishes are big, so expect tons of leftovers if you end up ordering a lot of different dishes.Please follows our Instagram for more information and updating events & discounts. Ins: chiliszechuan_kellyOur go to chinese restaurant in West Philadelphia. dishes are authentic by any Chinese standard. Also like the fact that their menu has both authentic and Americanized dishes.The food is so unique! They have the best spicy food! Should take family and friends to this place for dining! Also, serve are quick and friendly! High recommend this place!!!This is my favorite Szechuan place in philly... hands down. The food here is so delicious! I have had so many friends who say it isn't good, but once I tell them what to get, that all changes. Here's what I recommend getting:
- Double cook fish (This is the best dish here, but it isn't on the menu so you have to ask them for it.)
- Double cook pork
- Dry pepper chicken
- Salt baked squid
- Dan dan noodles (These taste different than han dynasty and I didn't really like them at first, but then you realized this is much better).
I recommend not getting the americanized chinese dishes, unless you really want it. You should get the dishes above if you come here. It can be a little pricier than your average chinese take out, but it's better and well worth it.
Would I recommend this place? Yes!
Would I get this again? Heck yes!
TIP: If you tell them you're going to pay by cash before they give you the bill, they will take 10% off :]I've been ordering here for years as I'm a huge fan of their dan dan noodles. Placed an order the other night with our usual dishes, my fiance repeated the order to the woman on the other end three times. Our meal comes and it's completely the wrong order. Not a big deal, restaurants get busy and mistakes happen. We call the restaurant to let them know and the woman on the other end asks us to text her a picture of the wrong meal for proof (bit of a weird request). The conversation doesn't really get anywhere so we call the driver who happily returns, switches the meals, and profusely apologizes. 
Upon opening our new bag we find all of the dishes we ordered expect no dan dan noodles and an extra chicken dish in it's place. We call the restaurant again to tell them we got the wrong dish and they kept insisting we ordered dan dan chicken and refused to refund us for not getting what we ordered. Not only did we repeat and order of dan dan noodles 3 times, neither my fiance or I have ever HEARD of dan dan chicken. The woman on the line proceeds to talk about my fiance to the other staff about how we're lying within ear shot of the phone (extremely rude, at least be smart enough to put us on hold while you complain about us) and then tells us that if we want the money back they're going to send a driver out to take the chicken dish back. We ask if they are going to send a driver out to collect this dish could they send the dan dan noodles we ordered. The answer was no. After arguing much longer than we should have, we finally got our refund, but no dan dan noodles. I've never in my life had a more rude and childish interaction with a restaurant. Next time I need my dan dan noodle fix I guess I'm hitting up han dynasty.Dan dan noodles were amazing!! They were light and full of good, refreshing spiciness -- so much better than Han Dynasty, which was full of peanut sauce and way too heavy and oily. I also got Szechuan beef (not bad, just Americanized lol) and dry pepper chicken (excellent though it could be a bit spicier; I didn't think it was of level 3 in spiciness!). In fact, the food here was not as spicy as other Szechuan places. However, seeing the restaurant is not located in Chinatown or anything, I wouldn't be surprised if they wanted to lessen the spiciness level for non-Asian people who aren't used to Szechuan spices. 
Service was very quick. We ordered 5 dishes, and they all came like 5-10 minutes later. The environment is pretty nice, and there are many Asian families here, so you can tell the food here is good :) 
Credit cards accepted only for $25+!Their new place is looking good, a lot better than their previous place at Baltimore. Didn't like the food that much when I went to their Baltimore location, but this time the food was delicious. Fried dumplings were awesome and the main dishes (mango and orange chicken) were delicious. I'm definitely going back.Pick up my order here with my buddies. Nice and clean restaurant with perfect environment. Would definitely recommend to my friends.Attention --- SAVE MORE THAN 10% ON TAKEOUT by picking up yourself and spending at least $25. 
1-CALL THE RESTAURANT DIRECTLY to place your order -- prices are $1 cheaper than the on-line ordering menu. 
2-PAY IN CASH -- 10% WILL BE DEDUCTED FROM YOUR TOTAL. It's that simple !!
You'll also pocket the $2 delivery charge -- there's always easy (free) parking on street in front or in the lot on the side (enter from 42nd St).
I've always had positive experiences with Chili Szechuan, at both their former and current spots. If there's an inconsistant aspect, it'd be 'deliveries' which I avoid--but I don't fault the restaurant for these problems--too many other factors are in play. 
Staff is attentive, cordial, provides good communication and serves tasty Szechuan food without charging 'center city' or Han Dynasty prices. That's all I need.
PS--'Eating In' is nice too. The restaurant is newly furnished and always neat + clean.The worst service I have ever had!!! But the food is great. I hate the service here although I'm not a cynical person.food is good and portion is also very generous, if you want more food with the same price that's the place to go, we have been there twice with friends, all our Chinese friends love itWow, this place is legit. With so many Szechuan places in the area (and more famous ones at that), it's easy for this place to get lost in the crowd, but they're quietly putting out some masterful authentic Szechuan food. I ordered the Pork Belly with Spicy Garlic Sauce and the Eggplant with Garlic Sauce. Both were excellent renditions, though pretty heavy on the oil. Neither were all that spicy, so if you want the real heat, let them know. Portions were generous and prices reasonable. 
Service was not the greatest, which is why I suspect this place doesn't have better reviews. My waiter sat in the back on his phone the whole time, and I had to approach him to get his attention. Overall, solid Szechuan joint that I wish I had back home. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Philly.Chili Szechuan has moved to a more spacious location with nicer decor.
SERVICE has improved in that there seems to be a new, friendlier manager. Thus far at the new location, I haven't come across the old manager who bordered on rude (she was always at the old location).
Unfortunately, FOOD QUALITY has declined in several ways:
1. Some of the same ingredients used are of a lower quality.  For example, the fish pieces used in various dishes are smaller and thinner than before; there are more scraps of fish where there used to be large succulent pieces of fish. The beef used in the Dry Pot Beef is tougher now (it used to be tender).  
2. They have omitted ingredients or replaced them with cheaper options that don't work well in the dish. For example, Dry Pot dishes are described as including bamboo shoots, but for the past 3 times I've ordered it, there's been no bamboo at all. Instead, there are large chunks of celery stalk.  Celery seems to be a cheap vegetable filler that now dominates some other dishes as well.
3. Steamed rice was extremely undercooked one day, almost raw.
VALUE has declined in general. Not only are the ingredients worse, but also the dishes are more expensive & contain noticeably smaller portions. Delivery fee has increased.
Lower-quality ingredients aside, the dishes are still good and authentic in terms of flavour. Chili Szechuan has declined, but it still has the best Szechuan food in West Philly.
3.5 starsI've ordered from here a few times and on my fourth order I literally found a piece of rock in the fried rice, could have chipped my tooth if I hadn't noticed it. Will not eat here again, dissappointing given the tastiness of some of their food items.Their savory dishes are good, but never get their dessert. I ordered their Green Tea Tiramisu and it was frozen. I politely told the waitress, and her and the management told me it came that way.Still the best Chinese food and delivery in West Philly in my opinion. The spice and flavor in the food makes it stand out. I have my favorites but whenever I try a new dish I enjoy it. The food is not greasy and they have plenty of healthy options. Delivery usually comes quickly and this is my go-to for last minute dinners when I don't have time to cook. I also like that you can order brown rice instead of white for $1 extra.
Favorites- dry pepper tofu, szechuan style tofu, dry fried string beans, satueed chinese greens (bok choy)- this one is SO good, singapore noodles, dan dan noodlesOn their menu they have a section specifically listing "Americanized dishes" so I assumed other dishes were authentic Chinese also based on so many good reviews on here, however even that the non-Americanized dish I ordered was pretty Americanized. I know this is a small sample but it does say something. Also the delivery guy literally asked me to hurry up when he arrived and called. Really? You were one hour late and I should be the person to hurry up? He even complained I tipped too little right to my face. Hello? that was a delivery not a dine-in, how much do you expect? 50% ??Love the place! Went here for graduation dinner and the food is really authentic and great!I've ordered many, many times from Chili Szechuan with little to no problems. Occasionally I've gotten room-temperature beverages in the middle of summer (more than once, actually, until I learned to ask whether their bottled green tea was cold before ordering it) or received white rice despite having paid extra for brown, but nothing has upset me like my experience tonight.
I called on the phone to order some delivery, despite hating to place orders on the phone. (Ever since the restaurant moved from it's Baltimore Ave location to it's current address on Chestnut St and subsequently redid its GrubHub page, the delivery parameters on the site are incorrect; the restaurant delivers to my home in actuality but GrubHub claims it doesn't...annoying. It's just as well because many of the items are marked up by $1 on GrubHub, presumably to recoup the fee that the site charges the restaurant, so I make out better by calling on the phone and saving money. Other restaurants, at least in this area, do this too, so you might wanna check it out if you're a frequent online orderer.) 
Anyway, I call on the phone to order my favorite CS dish, the Dry Pot with Pork Feet. Sounds gross but is pretty delicious and my go-to item. The dish costs $15.95; the delivery minimum is $16. I already knew this information and, while I sometimes order a drink or an appetizer with my food, I was already splurging by having this tonight (with tax, delivery fee and tip I was looking at $23-$24) and didn't want anything extra. I knew the rule, though, so when the person on the phone told me I was just under the minimum and suggested I order something else, I simply asked her to charge me an extra nickel, bringing me to the delivery minimum (I should note that I've made and been granted this request before...like I said, I almost always order this dish...I've sampled several others but none that I've enjoyed more). They refused, even after checking with someone, and kept suggesting I order a drink or an appetizer. This was really upsetting to me, as I didn't think I was being at all unreasonable. It's not as if I expected special treatment or for them to make an exception to their delivery minimum, I simple wanted them to charge me FIVE MORE CENTS so that I'd meet the minimum, If they had it their way, though, they'd get to charge me several more dollars for an item that I didn't even want. Needless to say, they won't be getting any more business from me...sad, as they're apparently so hard up for cash that they'd rather lose a steady customer's business than accommodate a simple and reasonable request.Grand opening on Chestnut. It has a bigger space than the one Baltimore, and a lot of new dishes. Good dining experience.i went there 2days ago,I had dry pepper chicken , dry braised beef tender,chinese  special sausage as appetizer, it's so good,never had that before, love it.Interior and atmosphere was beautiful! Hardly anyone there at 6pm on a Thursday and it felt like we had almost the whole place to ourselves. The food came out really quickly, within 5 minutes, which was reminiscent of Han Dynasty. Pricing is definitely better than that of Han, but food equally as good. Not the most outstanding food I've ever had, but solidly comforting. Service was amazing!I ordered the Americanized Szechuan Shrimp and absolutely Loved It. The flavor was awesome and much better than surrounding Chinese food options. They are a little pricy but you get what you paid for. Definitely coming back for more!I was wary of trying this place given the mixed reviews, but I was REALLY craving some authentic szechuan fish in hot sauce, so I decided to give pickup a go.
I ordered via Eat24 for pickup right when they opened. They hadn't made my order yet when I arrived, which makes sense, as I was dubious they'd make the food before opening time anyway. However, they were ready within 10 minutes, and away I went.
The fish was amazing and authentic. I requested "spicy" level, and they did not disappoint. It also came with white rice, and the portion was very reasonably sized. I'll be back.  must go sichuan chinese restaurant, authentic, full of flavor!The taste is really great! Best spicy food in the university city!!!!love to go thereI have visited here several times. This restaurant is best in Philly!! Especially boiled fish with pickled cabbage and chili is very good!!My favorite go-to Chinese restaurant! First off, don't order the americanized items here - these items do this place INJUSTICE. 
I always order the same 3 items: dry pepper fish, cold pork belly appetizer, and jellyfish with cucumbers. Once in a while I'll add in some soup on those cold rainy days, or if my stomach can't handle the spices I'll order some additional vegetable dishes. Hands down I always choose this place over Han Dynasty. 
My only con to this place is that since I'm a regular here, I have seen many different plating styles and portions for the same item. Although this detail is inconsistent, it doesn't push me away because their FOOD is always consistently awesome!The new location seems to be better in every way. I would frequent the previous location because it was near my church. I always loved the food and thought it was more authentic than other szechuan restaurants around the city. The new location looks great inside and the food quality is still top notch. Favorite dishes include: Dan Dan noodles, chungking chicken, double cooked pork, chicken with capsaicin, Chinese broccoli, and others. Almost anything you get here will be worth itVery good authentic Sichuan food. Suggest dining in rather than takeout. The americanized dishes are just there to cater to the local demographic. Avoid them and go for the authentic stuff instead.New location and upgraded environment. But totally as great as what I tasted 1 yr ago before I graduated from upenn! Hot and sour rice noodle is so authentic as in China!The best Chinese restaurant in university city! Lots better than Hanxxx! Come on body!Fantastic!!! Authentic sichhan food in Philly finally!!!! What a nice surprise. I lived in NY and LA and resigned myself to bad Chinese food.... Not anymore!Excellent food at a reasonable price. The dry pot fish is greatly as is the cumin lamb. The vegetable dumplings with chili oil are I've had in best in the cityOne of my favorite restaurants! Try the dumplings in a chili oil and the dan dan noodles with minced pork! BEWARE! Both super spicy dishes! If the menu item has a star next to it, proceed with caution! Its really hot! I like to pair them with the scallion pancakes, its warm and flaky the restaurant has chill vibe, nice first date place! Good food but not too priceyWent with a group of friends who frequently go here. Delicious authentic schezuan dishes and the best Dan Dan Noodles. Get the fried chicken dish!!The best Chinese restaurant in university city! Wonderful food, people,service!n! And free ice tea!The food is good and the environment is ok. I went there with one friend tonight and ordered three dishes. When paying the tips, as we didn't have enough changes, we paid 12%. However, when the waiter walked by, he checked the tips in front of us (hey, excuse me? We're still sitting here!!) and "informed" us in a rude way by saying that the tips were not enough (he sounded like we had owed him ten thousands). He could/should have asked us whether there was anything that we were not satisfied with before he said that. 
However, I explained to him that there were only two people of us and we didn't have enough changes, but he insisted to have us pay at least 15% tips of the bill. Well, we often come to this place and always introduce/bring our friends to come due to the authentic food. The staff there including the owner and the waiter know us well. So it's definitely ok and more appropriate/friendly for the waiter to ask us to pay more tips next time when we come instead of insisting to have us to pay at least 15% this time. His rude attitude has made us feel like we did something really really wrong as if we had owed him lots of money but never paid our debt. Plus, he, by "pushing" us to pay more tips without even checking with us about our dis/satisfaction before he did that, made us feel insulted and embarrassed. 
I understand that it's customary to pay 15% of the bills as tips, and I am definitely willing to pay more next time if the waiter tonight was being polite. The waiter could have had a better attitude and be more understanding and friendly rather than pushing and embarrassing us. 
We at last ended in paying them 20%ish tips (we broke $20 into changes with them in order to pay the tips). And we will never go back to this place again.I'm so frustrated with this place. Every time I order here there is always a mistake--whether I order from grub hub or over the phone. I'm not ordering from this place again.Overall, the food was pretty good, but the owners seemed shady. 
My wife and I went here for her birthday. She was craving authentic Sichuan food, and this place had decent reviews. We tried it, and indeed the food was pretty good; even more authentic than Han Dynasty (gasp). 
When it was time to pay the bill, I paid in cash (discount!), but when I got my change, I noticed that it was $10 short and they didn't give me a copy of the receipt. I called the waitress on it, and she said, "Oh they probably made a mistake." She went back to the lady working the register in the front and ended up getting me the $10 that was owed to me. Honest mistake? Maybe. When it was time to pay the tip, I didn't have any change, so I went up to the lady at the front register to break the $10 that was just given to me. No apology. Strange vibe. My instincts were telling me that something was off. 
It's a shame, because the food was really good.The food is very good I miss the old location the service is horrible went for lunch today took 20 minutes to get someone to wait on me how to get up and find someone order came out quick there was laughter after order was placed they did not tell me that in order to use a credit card I had to spend $25 suggested I use the ATM to get the other $4 necessary to meet the minimum I refused overall not worth the trouble great food but the service needs ImprovementI really enjoy the spiciness here. The seasoning was better than at Han dynasty. TBH I thought that the Dan Dan noodles were not as great as Han Dynasty but the seasoning was superior. 
Loved all the dishes we got. It's not that big since its located in CC. Parking is pretty hard to find on a busy day. 
I would come here again as this place is legit. I recommend the spicy beef tripe and tendon.i don't know why they moved and i don't care...as long as i can still order food from them! delivery takes a little bit longer but well worth it. if i can eat here everyday i would. their egg rolls, eggplant in garlic sauce, chicken dry pot and house special spicy rice noodles...all very delicious and their portions are large. you'll def have leftovers! it is szechuan food so expect spicy...if you can't handle the heat, get out of the kitchen!If you love spice food and chili style chinese cuisine, chili Szechuan must be your gourmet. I am a fish lover, the boiled fish with cabbage and chili is the best gourmet. It is the must dish every time I dine in Chili Szechuan!Dry. Pepper. Chicken. Super spicy nuggets of thrice-fried chicken swimming in hot peppers, garlic, scallions, ginger and Szechuan peppercorns? Yes, please. This dish has ruined all other food for me and I can't find anything like it in Maryland, DC or Virginia. I've tried recreating it at home, but can never quite get it right. Warning: this is a wicked spicy and oily dish. If you're cool with that, dry pot style is also hella good.if you're into traditional spicy szechuan food, come to chili Szechuan. the food here is authentic and very flavorful, even more authentic than Han dynasty. 
just comparing Dan Dan noodles from chili szechuan and Han dynasty, chili Szechuan Dan Dan noodles have more pepper corn and Szechuan flavors where Han dynasty's have more peanuty flavor.
I highly recommend double cooked pork, double cooked fish, Chungking style spicy chicken, salt baked shrimp and squid, and dry pepper chicken!
One down side is that waiters really don't come around too much. if you don't mind taking time to eat and sit around, great place to come!Was a pretty good option for Chinese and had come highly recommended by friends who have been in the area a while... until I got disastrous food poisoning from the sesame chicken.  I haven't been that sick in 10 years.  Eat with caution.Great option for Szechuan food. But like any restaurant, depends on what you get.
Personal favorites are...
1. Spicy dry pot fish?
2. Spicy cod soup, has vermicelli noodles with cod, and this green vegetable. Can't explain it well but it's delicious
3. Dan dan noodles
Hahaha my friend orders from here, so not sure of exact name.Unlike most Chinese restaurants, this one is clean and has good decors. However, the food quality was not as good as other Szechuan restaurants near University city. We ordered water-boiling-fish and it seemed that the fish was deep-fried with a lot of flour. I didn't even have a taste of fish.This is the worst restaurant experience I have ever had in my life. Although the food is alright, there was a DEAD FLY in the sour fish soup!!!!!!! This was very unacceptable for a restaurant!!!! Who knows what else will be in your food!!!!
In addition, the waiter will argue with you about the tip amount you gave!!! They chased to the door to ask for more tips. Holy crap!!!Great food with big potion but cheap price (for a restaurant). The service is a bit of its downsides but it's OK.This place had a homey feel to it, and exuded an Asian vibe which was good for a Chinese restaurant. There were a few people inside and it seemed slightly disorganized - waiters were unsure of when to serve us or bring us to our seat, and not very vocal about it either. 
Despite this, we made it to our seats and we had a Yelp coupon for free milk tea drinks once we checked in. We showed these to the waiter, who then told us to get up and go show the Yelp app to the front desk. Once we did this, they then informed us that they could only give us the milk tea AFTER we checked in AND write a review about them. They were very demanding about it and it was not a pleasant experience.
We ordered the dan dan noodles, vegetable dumplings and the scallion pancakes to share between 2 people. The scallion pancakes were greasy and overly thick, so they were not as crunchy as they were meant to be. In terms of flavor, it was solid, but the greasy texture let it down. The vegetable dumplings were dreadful. The bread layer was overly thick and gave it a weirdly chewy flavor. It wasn't freshly made at all, and the vegetables on the inside were clammy and crammy, and I could barely make out what they were. The dan dan noodles was the light at the end of the tunnel for us. Authentic and well made with great flavors and not too spicy. However, would not come here again.My new favorite szechuan place in Philly. :)
Everything we ordered had such a well rounded taste, with just the right amount of chili oil (not too overly saturated), and just the right depth of flavor. While the portion is slightly less than we had expected, the food quality definitely makes up for it.I seldom feel compelled to write a negative review especially an exceptionally scathing one. Nonetheless this place deserves my 10 mins out of my busy schedule to make sure others don't fall for their dishonest practice and urge you to award your business to other fantastic locations where you can have a much more pleasant dining experience as a whole.
I am a regular patron to the Szechuan dining scene and honored to have the opportunity to become personal friends of many owners who operates Sichuan restaurants in Philadelphia. Everyone is honest and knows that for a business to succeed the most important ingredient is honesty and integrity in doing business. And in return, frequent patrons like us enjoy tipping generously and visit at least once a week or more, while referring friends, family and businesses to them. But I am for certain, would not recommend this place to anyone. Period. 
My family and I were invited by a friend from the local business convention to try out this place to give them an opinion on the dishes. To be honest, I am not impressed. Although the dishes are fairly authentic but none was impressive. The recommendations from the owner were subpar and tasted as if the chef's taste buds were suffering from an attack from Philly pollens. In another words, dishes were just salty. But that's not the point here. We are usually forgiving in these instances and were planning for a return visit to try out other styles and preparations, so he could decide if he should recommend this location to his business partners and associates. Bleh, heck no for what happened next. 
Oh boy when it was time to pay the bill that's where the fun part began! We had 5 adults and 1 infant, 1 toddler in our party. My 7 day old passed out in his swaddle while my 2 year old was sound asleep during the entire dining experience while being carried. Somehow both of them ended up as full diners so the restaurant could charge their "mandatory" 18% gratuity... When we questioned this practice under such circumstances the owner was more than rude and acted like we couldn't count. 
We were also offered the option of paying cash to receive a 10% discount. This is mostly a tax evasion practice as all credit card charges will have to be reported to IRS. And they don't want to pay the credit card processing fees. We refused, while also noticed their so called 18% gratuity ballooned to 20.5% pre tax and 19% after tax on the tab randomly. ($95.40 before tax, $19.51 gratuity). When the owner was confronted with the inaccurate amount, she just adamantly reassured that's an accurate figure because it was computer generated. Apparently, Computers do not make error in her world...unless the error was deliberate. 
There are other reviews seems to have issues with "bait and switch", "poor food hygiene" Etc. In summary, unethical, dishonest practices that we frequently hear happening in China seem to manifest themselves in this micro-world. One thing I know for sure is that they have forever lost the patronage of my family, my friend and his associates. And for those of you who made it to the end of the review, check your tab and make sure it's accurate before paying. The issue is not about a dollar or two, but the principle and fundamental importance of business integrity. 
The end :)love that placebe backthey have new sausage dish for Chinese New Year ,you can chose spicy or not spicy,they both taste so good, it's perfect for the new yearsI just got the General Tso Chicken but it was so good. What I like about this place is that while they serve the Americanized dishes, you can tell it's good quality. The prices aren't bad either. Other reviews have mentioned poor service, but I didn't have that experience. Our server knew the menu and answered a couple questions.My wife and I have visited this restaurant for quite a few times over the past several years, as well as takeouts. They're not as good any more, the sanitation in particular is deteriorating fast! Today's visit is very bad: my wife has an unclean water cup and changed four times to get a reasonably clean disposable one, plus we got flies flying over the dishes. We planned not to give tips, but still make around 15% for it, after all as it shall be our last time to this restaurant. To be fair the food are comparably more authentic than other "Americanized" Chinese restaurants in the area, but still, some dishes are overpriced in my opinion.Really excellent Szechuan food. Maybe the best in Philadelphia. For me, on at least four occasions, the service was excellent!! The Szechuan cucumbers are definitely the best in town, and all of the dry fried dishes are authentic and superb.We ordered on EAT24. The delivery time was up to 60 min. But when I inquired about the status after 55 mins, I was told I had to wait another 30-45 min. I cancelled the order after hearing that. The restaurant just closed by the time I cancelled the order!An inexpensive, decent Szechuan option! They do have americanized Chinese food on the menu, but I always skip those immediately for their core offerings: spicy, flavorful Szechuan dishes that numb and confuse your tongue but keep you wanting more. Would highly recommend the pork belly as the appetizer - the slightly sweet, spicy garlic sauce in this cold appetizer counteracts the numbing spiciness of the main dishes nicely. For the main dishes, my go-to are the hot sauce fish and dry pot chicken, which comes in a sizzling hot mini wok with a mixture of bell peppers, onions and chilies. Place is nothing super fancy, but good to satisfy my spicy food cravings and is pretty inexpensive!Great food. This is a solid spot in university city for relatively authentic chinese food. I frequent this spot often throughout the month, and their service has always been spot on. There is also a yelp check in offer that we always take advantage of. The portion sizes are pretty large, and we always end up taking food home that last for 1-2 extra meals. I would definitely recommend to anyone out here in U. city!Food was never delivered.
Ordered delivery through Grubhub an hour and 20 minutes before it closed, received Grubhub confirmation and even an update of "your food is being prepared."  Food never came. By the time we thought to call they were closed. Ordering from Han Dynasty if we're ever going to order Sichuan delivery again.This is a great Chinese restaurant with authentic Szechuan dining options as well as Americanized options in their menu. 
Our party of 5 decided to order "family style," meaning we all chose 6 dishes of entrees and appetizers to share. The Dan-Dan noodles were not as good as Han Dynasty, but were still delicious. Our favorites of the entrees were the pork fried rice and dry sauce jumbo shrimp fried with veggies and garlic. Our server was also phenomenal, he gave us his recommendations and was very attentive. I will likely return for the delicious food and great service.One word, TERRIBLE. we went there for all-you-can-eat hot pot. Guess what we got after we gave out our order to the waiter. "Sir, you are not allowed to order this much."  Apparently all-you-can-eat is not that all you can eat at all. Terrible service. not going back even if they paid me. Shame on them.I used to love their old location but the new place sucks. Used to be a great take out Chinese food place. Now it's a $25 minimum on credit cards and they act like their trying to be an upscale restaurant. I'm sorry but I will be taking my business elsewhere in the future.