In a word: adorable.
The space: tiny and adorable.
The servers: cute and adorable.
The food: delectable and... well... okay, not so much adorable as it is delightful.
Let's review.  There are perhaps a total of thirty or forty seats in the house.  On a Friday evening, walking in (given they don't take reservations) at 1730 resulted in us being seated immediately; there was a frasoritied-out table already seated, but they were for the most part ignorable.  The specials of the day are listed on a chalkboard at the back of the room.  And the restrooms are through a doorway, down a set of stairs, and single-occupancy.  Are we adorabled-out yet?
So about the food... well, scope out the dimly lit pictures.  Perhaps hard to tell, but one's a delightfully fresh, crisp, citrus-dressed salad topped with a generous lump of breaded goat cheese that was meltingly warm.  Drooling?  I am.
I ordered the halibut special of the day, while the boy had the scallops.  Although I can't fault his dish, mine won hands down.  Served over a bacon spinach hash (that had the savory goodness of bacon, the crunch of spinach, and the soak-up-the-sauce starchiness of the potato), this dish was perfect.  The diversity of flavors and textures was ideal.  The crispiness of the pan-seared halibut was ideal.  Even the creamy garlic aioli generously zig-zagged across it lent just the right amount of creamy flavor.
... and I may be speaking from a place of sharing a whole bottle of nice white wine.  But I'm pretty convinced I would have still raved about the meal, regardless.
I think our server -may- have been thrown off by my pointed question on whether or not our syrupy-sweet Vidal wine would go better with their cream cheese cheesecake or their chocolate gateau.  We ended up opting for the cheesecake, as I expected it to be a little more savory than chocolate, and were well rewarded with a delicious pairing against the wine we brought.
It's joints like these that really make me wish that DC had more BYOBs.  It also makes me wish I had more opportunities to head out to Linden Vineyards to bring back a case or two of wine with me, too... but that's a whole other story.I am completely in love with Chloe! I have been multiple times and each time the service is fantastic (they really know how to sell the deliciousness of everything), there is no rush to eat and street you, and the owners truly love what they do as is evidenced in each dish.
My girlfriends and I were in last Friday night (9/19/14) to celebrate my birthday and even though they do not take reservations, I called Thursday night and left a vm asking if there was anything they could do to accommodate us as we had been there before and I really wanted to celebrate my big day at their restaurant. Marianne called me back right away and said it was no problem and she would tell the head waiter right away.
We started off with a few apps-braised fennel with tomato and mozz and the featured flat bread, which were both to die for! Two of  my friends got the scallops and could not stop raving about how well they were cooked. Another friend got the pork milanese and again, raved about it. I went with two small plates-the pear/goat cheese tart which was something new and it was delish! And the tried and true, spicy shrimp and corn cakes.
Dessert was obviously not going to be ignored :) Two friends shared the banana bread pudding and said it was the best they'd ever had. One friend had been dreaming about the smores since the last time we were there so she ordered that. Another friend got the peach/lemon parfait. I went rogue and got the peach cobbler. Now I am not a big peach fan but this was AMAZING!!
I love the fact that Tony, our waiter, has known the owners for years and it's a mixed bag back in the kitchen. The husband is the pastry dude and the wife is workin the grill. Such a great little spot and I cannot tell enough people how amazing it is! 
I'll be back soon for sure!!Random check in picked off yelp. Very good byob would defiantly go back again.Was delicious- had celery soup and husband had cauliflower to start. I had the trout and he had the ribs. Large, tasty portions and pleasant service. We will be back!I honestly cannot say enough about this wonderful place.  Atmosphere was amazing, neighborhood gem.  The waiter Tony was the friendliest person.  He was aware of our water/drinks and explained everything on the menu.  He was so wonderful.  Then the food, omg, the flavors in these dishes were absolutely amazing.  I go out to eat often and this place blew me away with their flavors.  I highly recommend getting dessert too.  The Smore was out of this world.  Thank you Chloe for giving people quality food at a wonderful price.  
Great for dates, birthdays, or just with your girlfriends.OK, I'm going out on a limb, but I'd say Chloe was the best meal I've had in Phila. I'll go farther out on the limb and say they served me the best steak I've ever had (rare, served over a sweet potato hash with a balsamic marinade of some sort - it was a while ago). The wait can be long, but put your name in early, chill and enjoy.
Our server was very knowledgeable without coming off as pretentious and gave us some good advice.3.5 stars...maybe would give it 4 had I not eaten at so many other great places lately that made Chloe kind of fall by the wayside.  But that's not to say this is a place to be overlooked as I think it has been for some reason, despite being in business for 13 years.
We stopped in on a Friday night after checking out some spots for First Friday, got there around 715-730 and were lucky to be seated almost immediately, although did see some couple that had to wait a bit after us.  Best to arrive early.
Menu consist of what you can see on their website plus 4-6 others written on a chalkboard in house.  All were described as share-able appetizer sized so we checked out the highly recommended shrimp which was apparently a daily menu selection until recently.  Unfortunately I forget what it was served with other than a light corn pancake but I do remember their being 6 shrimp and them being a bit too charred for our liking.  Not a huge deal, but the burnt taste stood out.
For entrees I went with the ravioli and my girlfriend the scallops.  Ravioli were nice enough, interior melted away in your mouth and exterior was glowing in the brown sage butter.  Worth a try.  Scallops were the better choice I believe.  Big ol' suckers with a perhaps too spicy salad accompaniment.  Both above average yet unremarkable.
Service was fine, noise level wasn't too bad despite the small room.  Really just straightforward stuff and a nice option if you're in the area.  If you've been to Zinc, think of this as the American version of that.Cozy BYOB, hidden gem, A++ service.
I came in on a Saturday night with a friend, we were promptly greeted and seated in a matter of minutes. The hummus and bread, in lieu of rolls and butter, was delicious! Next we shared the Grilled Pizza with fig spread, gorgonzola, and bacon, and we had the Mussels Dijon (amazing!) as well. After, we had chipotle bbq pork Ribs with homemade mac and cheese, and the seared Tuna, which were both outstanding and cooked perfectly! We were so stuffed, but we still wanted to try their desserts, so we got the Banana Bread Pudding and the Chocolate Walnut Mousse Pie to take home. They were perfect! And so was the service! Thanks girls!great food. reasonable prices. unassuming atmosphere. 
my favorite byob in philly.Decent vibe but way overpriced with small portions and recipes that don't blend well. Felt as though our dish was pulled out of a glass jar and slapped together.Went to Chloe for the first time last night (9/24/2014). Overall it was an okay experience but I most likely would not go back. It's a really tiny, candlelit restaurant. Definitely wouldn't recommend it for kids! The waiter and the owners were both very nice. It's byob so we brought wine to start. The waiter brought us pita bread with hummus. The pita bread was slightly burnt and the hummus had a strange taste. That was my least favorite appetizer. We then ordered the flat bread and the cauliflower appetizers which were both DELICIOUS. We ordered a spicy shrimp over corn cakes appetizer which was pretty good, a Caesar salad which I liked but they char part of the lettuce and I wasn't a fan of that. I ordered the pork milanese meal and was really disappointed. Came with some arugula on the side and a sort of balsamic glaze on top. Definitely needed a little something because the pork was so dry I could barely eat it. Definitely would not recommend that meal. My friends ordered the ravioli, the scallops and the ribs which were all delicious. The best part of this place is the dessert. We ordered the smore, the banana pudding and the peach cobbler. All were sensational. The bill was about $260 for 6 people. All in all not bad but not a place I'd come back to.Highly recommend! This place is delish!!! It is a great place for vegetarians, as well. I had no difficulty finding yummy things without meat and seafood--and I'm sure if you wanted something made without the meat they'd be fine with that, too! The chefs/owners really know what they're doing and our server was so sweet. The best part of the dinner was, of course, dessert--homemade bread pudding to die for! I'm getting hungry just remembering this little gem!went on a random thursday night without a wait. the place is tiny! convenient lot right next door. potato leek soup was pretty tasteless (i actually added salt and pepper). ordered the pan-seared duck med rare (chef's pref) over cranberries & risotto - delish! tiramisu was okay, but the banana bread pudding was amazing a la mode!This is more of a 3.5, and I struggled with whether to give it 3 or 4 stars for a while.
Let me start by saying that the food was very good.  I had the scallops, which were very tender and well-portioned.  The ravioli was also very good.  Others I were with had the pork and the salmon.  I'm not sure my mom really enjoyed the pork, but I was told the salmon was quite good.  They also serve you pita and hummus before the meal.  While an original idea, the pita was a bit burnt and the hummus was rather bland.
I also love that it's byob - it definitely makes Chloe a more affordable option.
Our waiter was fine, and served us promptly, but that's not hard to do when we're one of two tables in the restaurant.  We went on a Wednesday night in late May and from 6:30 to 8:30, at the most crowded point, there were people at 3 tables.  For a restaurant in Old City that's only open 4 nights a week, it seemed kind of odd to me.  I'm sure it's more popular on weekend nights, but it kind of brought the atmosphere down a bit.
They also add an 18% gratuity on parties of 5 or more (seems a bit ridiculous when there weren't many people in the restaurant).  When my mom went to pay the bill she hadn't realized this and added gratuity on top of it.  Once she realized, they told her she'd have to call back the next day to get it fixed.  To their credit, when she did call back, they did take the second 18% off her bill.Excellent BYOB with an intimate atmosphere.
The chef's preparations are amazing and well proportioned.  I've never had a bad meal and the staff is beyond great!  My most recent trip we had a perfectly prepared polenta dish and a hearty Oyster chowder.  Our entrees were the rack of ribs which were spilling off the plate accompanied by greens and macaroni & cheese.  This is a must have for all meat lovers!  Our other entree was the Chicken Pot Pie which consisted of generous amounts of pulled chicken below a flaky crust.  You must put Chloe on your list of places to try.  Be warned, the place seats about 30 and they don't take reservations. You won't be disappointed.A splendid and cozy BYOB located on 2nd and Arch Streets in Old City, Chloe invites your open minds, humble hearts and seasoned palates through its doors. 
The staff are very friendly, accommodating, and professional. My server, Tony, did a fabulous job of explaining the menu items. There are many standard menu selections, like the Ribs and Trout. Other menu selections  may change depending on the season or chefs choice. They use local purveyors and seasonal produce from local farmers. Chloe is a win-win! I don't think you can go wrong here. 
I ordered the grilled octopus as an appetizer and trout as my entree. My meal was well presented, very delicious, very tasty and a absolutely a fun experience for me. 
I would consider Chloe as my hidden gem. It's such a comfortable and loving atmosphere here.  It's very clear that the chef/owners Mary Ann and Dan put their hearts and passions  into their craft. Every dish is personally prepared from start to finish only by Mary Ann and Dan. No one else is on the line. I love this! 
This beautiful BYOB does not take reservations. I love this because sometimes you just want to grab a good bottle of wine and enjoy great food without all the fuss of making a reservation time. Chloe is that restaurant which is worth waiting to dine in. 
Stop by Chloe, as will I again. You won't be disappointed.Chloe is a very small BYOB with limited seating although we were able to be immediately seated on a Saturday evening around 7:00.  The menu is pretty traditional - nothing jumped out and grabbed me but everything sounded appetizing.  
The free pita bread was a little charred but it was free so I didn't really mind and my steak was tasty but nothing spectacular.  I thought my gf's ravioli was a better choice.  It was a good meal but it didn't "wow" me.  Because there were few people there that night, the place had a quiet intimate atmosphere which was nice.Made it after a lifetime of not making it. Intimate dining room, but laid back. Seated quickly as there were empty tables. Food, after it was ordered, came out at a god pace and it all tasted good. I had the lamb, which I regretted when I tasted the ribs. The mushroom soup was good. No time for dessert.Awesome laid back atmosphere.  Food is wonderful and who can beat the BYOB option! Coming back for sure.Been here several times for "everyday" dining and it's always been a 5 star experience. What's prompted me to write this review also has me wishing there was a 5+ star option to express a truly unique, above and beyond experience. I'll try to keep it concise and without hyperbole...Rented out Chloe for a party and immediately knew I was in good hands with the eager and personalized communication. Mary Ann was happy to accommodate every single desire I had in creating the menu and planning the night. Execution night-of continued to impress, with amazing food and stellar service. We genuinely felt like we were part of the family, and it's that love and passion that makes Chloe THE epitome of Philly and its wonderful BYOB scene. We cannot speak highly enough of the Chloe experience and the people behind it, and we can't wait to celebrate many more occasions here.A friend has been telling me about this place for a while before we managed to find a night I could try it for myself. The menu is impressive and a lot of the dishes sound absolutely amazing. I had the pleasure of trying a salad special and the Indonesian shrimp - both delicious! As a wonderful finish, I had the bananabread pudding. Love this place and can't wait to go back!Went here again last night with gf and two friends.  One of my favorite aspects of Chloe are the super creative appetizer specials.  I had the grilled pear, ricotta, and cheddar savory tart wrapped in a crispy phyllo dough.  the slight sweetness of the pear juxtaposed perfectly with the salty cheeses and crust.  
The grilled caesar salad was decent.  You get a half of a head of grilled romaine lettuce with some baked parmesan cheese and an ordinary dressing.  The grilled lettuce added a very interesting charcoal element that took the salad from the ordinary to the interesting.
The mushroom special appetizer, stuffed with ricotta and mozzarella, wasn't received as highly by the table.  It was pretty plain, tasting very much like breaded stuffed mushrooms at many pizza joints.  
Entrees included scallops, ribs, ravioli, and the striped bass special.  The scallops were perfectly cooked and surrounded by delicious sauce, the ravioli were cooked well (but I felt the edamame filling was bland), the ribs were phenomenal (and for $28 you get a full rack).  I did not get to try the bass, but I was told it was "ok."  
In short, Chloe has creative food that is expertly prepared but will also remind you of a solid home cooked meal.  Where else can you get a large, sloppy rack of delicious ribs and still feel like you are eating at one of the best restaurants in the city?Get there early. Chloe was packed at 5:45 PM on a saturday night. Definitely go early if you don't want to have to wait for seat. We ended up watiting but the host was really nice and opened our wine for us before we sat down. The menu is good and well balanced bewteen vegetable, meat, and seafood. In addition to their seasonal menu, they also have several daily specials. We ended up getting phyllo wrapped brie salad, spicy indonesian shrimp (which were absolutely perfectly cooked), salmon with beet risotto (good but a little charred), and scallop over potato pancakes in a spicy cream drizzle. They were the biggest scallops I have ever seen. You definitely get huge sized portions and the costs are very reasonable. For dessert we split a banana bread pudding. We couldn't taste the banana but the caramel sauce was excellent and we inhaled it in about 3 seconds. The wait staff was attentive, but unobtrusive. I would definitely recommend Chloe. As for wines chards, sauvignon blancs and pinot noirs would work with most of the menu.Went to Chloe with the Lady and another couple a few weeks ago and I have struggled to come up with a star rating for this one (I have wavered between 2 and 4 stars so I settled on 3).  
The atmosphere is that of your typical tiny BYO (which I enjoy so if you're into that kind of thing then you will like the feel of Chloe).  The menu looked great to me with something for everybody.  
The Apps - I ordered the baked feta and it was fantastic. The baked feta is drowned in a garlic oil which takes some of the edge off of the feta while the peppercinis add some kick to the whole concoction.  We also had the caesar salad which set itself apart from the average salad by having grilled romaine (a favorite of mine).
The Entree - To me, this is where things kind of fell apart.  Between us we ordered 4 entrees (to be fair none of us ordered the ribs which looked incredible - I will not make that mistake again).  An important note is that every ingredient in every dish seemed to be prepared with extremely high quality and fresh ingredients.  My issues are based on taste.  The scallops, while cooked perfectly, were not terribly tasty.  I did enjoy the potato pancake that came underneath - I think that my problem is either that the chipotle-type sauce was either not incorporated well enough into the dish or does not carry enough of a punch.  The salmon and the tuna were both high grade but also lacked some flavor.  Also, we all felt that the desserts that we had (the flourless chocolate cake was one of our choices) were all fairly bland as well.
The Service:  This one was interesting.  We had a miscommunication with the waiter who was not particularly friendly in handling the mixup (we were 100% right in the situation) but ended up picking up the tab for the messed up order, so no harm no foul.  Also, the salmon that we received was severely undercooked but after a second effort it was cooked properly.  
Overall, considering the quality of the food and the obvious thought that went into the menu, I just could not help but leaving a bit disappointed in the end.  That being said, I fully intend to return to Chloe to order the ribs and to give it another shot overall as everybody else seems to love it so hopefully I can rewrite this review at that time and give a higher rating!Yelp!!! Went back for dinner here again
STILL PERFECT!!!!
Yummmmmm, RavioliVery good salads, but the scallops were over salted.  Cod dish was very good.I've been to this restaurant maybe 5 or 6 times and it's one of my favorite places to go for dinner.  The staff is always friendly and very helpful when debating about menu items.  My girlfriend and I always share a bunch of their small plate dishes on their seasonal specials.  Our favorite appetizer is the mussels, which are the biggest mussels I have ever seen.  The atmosphere inside is warm and quiet.  I've never had to wait for a table here, and the restaurant is usually no more than half full when I come.  And to top it all off, it's a BYOB.
My one gripe is that they never answer the phones when you try to call.  I understand that they don't take reservations, but it would be nice to know how crowded a place is before you just show up.Again -- awesome dinner at Chloe. I got the cod entree and my boyfriend got the steak.. both were amazing. Also, the onion soup was a delight.Not sure about the previous review's "vegetarian" statement, but Chloe is definitely delicious.  It's a cute little BYOB.  We had the special appetizer, an amazing gnocchi dish with a meat sauce (lamb, beef, and something else?) that exploded with flavor.  The halibut was good and plentiful, served on delicious heirloom tomatoes with micro-arugala.  Our other dish was goat cheese/ricotta ravioli with edamame, toasted, pine nuts, and mushrooms.  It was a rich dish.  Dessert was a berry cobbler. The berries were yummy, but the vanilla ice cream stole the show!  I can't believe I forgot to ask if they made it or if I could buy that brand somewhere!After a frustrating night of looking for a BYOB, my girlfriend and I happened upon Chloe. This unassuming hole-in-the-wall BYOB is one spot you can't afford to miss. 
Grilled Pizza. Ribs. Macaroni and Cheese. 
I hope these "summer menu" specialties don't disappear anytime soon.Went to Chloe this past weekend. Adorable inside! I was surprised it wasn't packed with a line out the door on a Friday..maybe it is one of those best-kept-secret types of places.  They serve a delicious hummus as an appetizer with pita.  As an app, we split the Spicy Indonesian Shrimp - maybe the best thing I have eaten in months!!!!  Unreal! Large portion too, so good to split for 2 or 3.  He had the scallops and and I had a rainbow trout special.  His scallops were the better choice, which is why I rate this place 4 stars as opposed to 5..my special was full of flavor but I'd try something else next time.  The menu appears very limited, but they had about a billion specials, which our waitress had no problem explaining in detail to us, which added to the enticement.  Very pleased! Great place to take a date!Chloe's reputation preceded her.  But aside from the scallops (and maybe the steak) which were stellar, I thought the food was less than incredible.  Not to say the Chloe isn't near the top of the BYOB food chain, because I'm always hearing about it and it can be tough to get a table.  So again, maybe it was the choices, or maybe it was the night.  Or maybe I'm grading too harshly because of the hype.  I'll happily revisit this review after my next visit.
Our waitress was very friendly and helpful and had the long list of specials memorized.  The way she described each dish with enthusiasm added to our difficulty in deciding.  We had a party of five so we covered a lot of ground.
We shared a Beet Salad, Mussels, a lightly breaded truffle small plate special (we ordered two of these), and an asparagus small plate, also a special, for our starters.  All of this was good.  The breaded truffle starter was in a thick white cucumber sauce that was a little bland, but the mushrooms themselves were delicious.  The mussels were plump and tasty in a standard white wine broth. Overall, we enjoyed picking at the various small plates as we sipped some wine.
For our entrees we all ordered from the menu, which was rare.  Steak, Tuna, two Scallops, and a Lamb.  I was the lamb but ended up kicking myself for not being a scallop.  But everyone was pleased.  My lamb was grilled and peppery (Moroccan style) but a little on the chewy side.  My other issue with the lamb was that the same white cucumber sauce that was in the truffle showed up again.  Not the restaurant's fault, but I didn't care for it much the first time around.  My excuse is that I did not order the truffles.  The scallops were delectable, the true star of the entire meal.  Steak and Tuna eaters were happy too.  The steak was the only thing I did not taste, so maybe it was the co-star of the meal considering how quickly it excited stage stomach (da-dump-tis).
The atmosphere was very quaint and pleasant.  Many of the parties that arrived after us knew the servers and were greeted warmly.  I figured they were from the neighborhood, or just love them some Chloe.  I wish I could give a 3.5 for this visit, but do to the prices, the persistent cucumber sauce, and the lamb that left me wanting scallops, I have to go with a three.  Chloe is still a great place, and I look forward t my next visit.I'd give it 3.5 if I could, the salad and entree I had were both good and different but nothing spectacular.  The salad was shrimp and watermelon, sounds odd but was very good.  I had the scallops entree with potato pancake (that was about 3 inches in diameter), the scallops were tasty but I was still hungry after dinner.  Also, they were out of 2 popular dishes at only 8 on a saturday night...that was a little disappointing.  Overall it was good, but not my favorite byob.It has been a really long time since I ate here but I will review it anyways.  Chloe has this incredible charm and feels like you are getting the best home-cooked meal in a tiny little restaurant.  This is a great place to come for a date and is a cozy BYOB with exceptional food.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it is so small it can sometimes feel almost a bit awkward if there aren't too many other people there as well.We had a great dinner here. Chloe has a lovely ambiance, and the staff were friendly and efficient. 
The complimentary hummus was blah, so I just avoided it. It was not a good leadoff to the dinner, which turned out to be excellent. The gnocchi was spectacular, as were the scallops - both were among the best I've eaten. The potato leek soup and beet salad were very good. The tuna entree was good, but oversauced, so the rice was swimming in sauce. Overall, though, a great dinner. Recommended.It was wonderful to find this little restaurant in the middle of Old City. The ambiance was nice, although it was a little small. Note that Chloe only accepts cash and is BYOB -- something that could be annoying if there wasn't an ATM and liquor store literally next door.
The food was fantastic. Bread brought out came with creamy, delicious hummus. For an appetizer, I had baked feta cheese, which was just spicy enough. I ordered the pumpkin ravioli for the main course, and it was the highlight of the meal: complicated, exquisite flavor with garnishings that went together wonderfully. And finally, the bannana bread pudding, which I had for desert, is reason to come to Chloe alone.
Altogether, Chloe is a treat that you shouldn't miss if you're in the area.Cute , small place with about 8 tables. No reservations, but it wasn't that crowded late on a friday. Chloe salad and grilled Caesar were great to start. Then the seasonal ravioli and RIBS. I think they may have had to kill three cows to harvest the amount of ribs on the plate. Three solid slabs of perfectly cooked ribs, Mac and cheese and spinach. I woke up and ate the leftovers for breakfast. Great deserts too. Everything was excellent and fairly priced. I'd go back tomorrow.I went here last night with someone who happened to have a gift certificate to the restaurant. It was my first time here, and I did enjoy the food. The appetizers are a lot larger than I was expecting, which is most certainly not a bad thing! Chloe's food seems to have more of a "comfort food" feel to it which is a nice change from the average Old City Restaurant. They have a great selection of specials for such a small place (I think there were 4 options). I tried the mushrooms which were very tasty. I also ordered the pumpkin ravioli, which were OK. (to be fair, I'm a little pumpkin obsessed, and have made pumpkin ravioli like these before, so it could be that I was just hoping for a surprise). The waitress (who I think might be married to the chef?) was fabulous; very attentive and sweet but not overbearing. Only thing about this restaurant is that I would never try to go here on the weekend, they don't take reservations! Also, its a bit pricey and only takes cash.This is a lovely place with great food that I know is very popular with local people in Old City. However if you're looking for a wheelchair accessible restaurant in Old City unfortunately this isn't one despite the business listing saying so at time of writing. There are 2 large steps at the entrance and the restroom is downstairs. Please update the business listing flag. Thanks.This has to go down, in all my years of restaurant dining, as the WORST experience! We waited at least half an hour and watched 5 tables stay empty. No reservations here so that wasn't an excuse. We had theater tickets and only wanted to sit and sip wine (BYOB) while waiting. We were denied. That wasn't so bad, but then we were verbally abused. We calmly said we didn't want to rush through (an expensive dinner) when tables were available. A man ran out of the kitchen, who I believe or guess was the Chef, and berated us, saying too bad and that he didn't have to rush. How do you treat patrons so callously? Well, they did and we left. That should have been the end of it. BUT, on the way out, this man physically pushed my friend. The food in my estimation, is mediocre at best. It was just convenient to the theater. We went to Cube Libre down the street where the food is excellent and they accommodated us beautifully.Every time I think I know where to go for a top meal in Philly, something comes up an surprises me.  I had never heard of Chloe. Friends took us there last night. It's one of their favorites.   They don't advertise, stay below the radar and just offer a very high quality menu.  The food was exceptional and I have paid a lot more for much less.  Can't wait to return.  Plenty of great choices for all tastes.I've been here a handful of times, most recently on my 25th birthday. Very small and personal place, but definitely worth the wait if there is one. The food is always excellent (especially the baked oysters which are out of this WORLD--it is STILL a topic of conversation between me and my friends!) and it's BYOB which is always a good thing. The servers are knowledgeable and friendly. It can be a little pricey but like I said, definitely worth it! All in all, this is definitely one of my favorite little gems in the city!Loved it. BYOB which is great. Small menu but hard to choose what to get. We got the Chloe salad which may have been my favorite item. So simple but delicious.  Also had the feta flatbread which was great but had to pull the pepper off. Too much of a kick for me. Finally the Pumpkin ravioli. It only came with five but man it was fantastic. Great service, warm and inviting atmosphere. Prices are a bit high but it's a great date night spot.This quaint BYO has maintained its charm throughout the years. A great date place , it was our first and also where we got engaged. The owners were so accommodating and made it a great experience.Walked all the way there and they were closed.  What kind of restaurant is only open 4 days a week but advertises to out of towers as a nice place to go with out their restricted hours advertised.  Dont care how good the food is.   If I am ever in town again.  Won't go there.after searching online reviews for a decently priced BYOB we went to chloe. the food is amazing so is the space. deff would go back. the pot pie was delicious! very quaint and lovely.As a gift to our daughter to celebrate her graduation from PennVet on Monday, we arranged for a family and friend dinner at Chloe.  From start to finish, Mary Ann was responsive, gracious and welcoming and made our evening more memorable (and delicious) than I could have ever hoped for.  Normally closed on Mondays, Mary Ann agreed to open Chloe just for our 13 guests and she, Dan (her husband and co-chef) and Tony (their best friend) created a perfect evening for all of us.  Our daughter enjoyed selecting the menu beforehand and the food was spectacular.  Mary Ann was open to anything Noelle wanted and offered a variety of appetizers, first and main courses and desserts.  Each person felt that their meal was one of the best they had EVER experienced.  (we had a wide variety on our menu from pork belly, braised fennel, scallops, ribs, salmon to bread pudding, tarts and smore's pie.  Mary Ann even created a special banner complete with paw prints for our daughter the new vet. (VMD)
I have been spoiled by outstanding food in my own city, San Francisco, but this dinner and entire experience at Chloe was beyond any food related celebration we have every enjoyed.  Thank you Mary Ann, Dan and Tony for creating such a delicious and fun memory for Noelle, our family and closest friends.Chloe has been on my radar for a couple years, but the fact that they are only open part-time (Wed-Sat for dinner) and the lack of reservations always created a bit of a barrier. So, I was very happy to find that we could easily be seated on a Friday night - in fact, there were open tables all evening. 
There was an extensive list of specials, which were luckily written down on a blackboard so we didn't have to depend on our listening and memory skills. We opted for a mix of specials (Mussels and Grilled Shrimp) and regular menu items (Roasted Cauliflower and Salmon). All were excellent with some very tasty sauces, particularly the Cauliflower - my only comment is that the grilled food can have a distinct taste of char, so just be prepared.Cozy Mediterranean BYOB in Old City that I think may have number of unique and well-done dishes, but provided me just an average experience overall when I went. 
To start with the good: I loved the gnocchi with shredded duck in red sauce. The gnocchi was light and pillowy, and the meat in the sauce was very tender without being too salty. I've always heard praise for the house-made pasta dishes, so I would guess that they are always a good bet.
We knew we had to try the grilled pizza, which is known as one of its specialties - unfortunately, I wasn't blown away by it. I quite liked the toppings combination (a mix of sweet with savory in its toppings assortment of fig jam, gorgonzola, and applewood smoked bacon), but the crust was bland in taste and unmemorable in texture.  What good is a pizza without a delicious crust? 
The grilled Moroccan lamb skewers were the least enjoyable part of the meal. The meat was tough and unseasoned, and the accompanying couscous was supposed to be spiced with mint, but it seemed completely flavorless to me. 
One tip: skip the free hummus and pita, or at least don't expect them satisfy you. The pita bread doesn't taste fresh, and the hummus is watery. 
It was a dinner of some highs and lows - maybe we just got unlucky in ordering the lamb as a main entree, but based on my experience, I'm pretty ambivalent about going again.Chloe enlists a small staff with an appetite for excellence. Their homey customer service, engaging atmosphere, and beautifully crafted food surpasses any other establishment on the block. The amazement of having full hearts of romaine lain before me in a beautifully dressed Caesar salad was only to be matched with their tender, powerful scallops. I write this review in hot anticipation for their banana bread pudding with my father sitting across from me. He would tell you that I looked like my six year old self on Christmas with the dining experience we had.
Highly recommended.Perfect.  Ambiance is awesome, food is even better.  It's a little pricey, but it's BYOB... so it all evens out.  Portions are very large.  I've probably been 15 times and my fiance and I always get the gnocchi special, free-form pizza, ribs, and tuna.  Desserts are also not to be missed!
No reservations, but if you have to wait, they'll open your bottle, which you can drink right outside.Chloe... how have you continued to get even better every time? Previously, I didn't like that they had a limited menu that changed very little. Now, there are new items every week alongside the favorites. Anytime I take someone here for dinner, they fall in love with the restaurant, the food, and of course the staff. Nothing but excellent food and service everytime.Went back here last weekend. The ribs are still ridiculously good.Delicious.  My boyfriend and I went here for an anniversary dinner.  The decor is beautiful and very inviting (not pretentious, which I hate). 
We had the mussels for appetizer, which were amazing.  The toasted bread dipped into the butter sauce could have been a dish all by itself.  
The owner, I assume, was the only woman in the front of the restaurant.  She sat us, took our order, chilled our wine...etc.  She also gave us real recommendations for what to order.  She was awesome.  
I got the tuna, which had an interesting banana-infused sauce.  My boyfriend got the scallops, which I enjoyed more than the tuna.  He enjoyed the tuna better, so after we switched meals everyone was happy. 
Do not leave Chloe without getting the bread pudding.  That's the best advice I have.I wasn't that impressed considering all of the good things I have heard about the place.  
Our server was great- very welcoming and helpful with menu items.  I like the atmosphere.  It's cozy, so is good for date nights.  I'm guessing a huge group here might be a little much.
I ordered the baked feta and the salmon.  The feta was interesting, albeit a little salty, which I could say for the salmon as well as the lamb that my boyfriend had.  I like salt, but when that's the first thing I notice it puts me off.  The flavors of the salmon combined with the sweet eggplant chutney were off-putting to me.  The pronounced sweetness with the pronounced saltiness just seemed like overload I guess.  
My boyfriend seemed disheartened by his lamb because it seemed undercooked.  We weren't sure how well-done lamb kebabs should be, so we looked it up and found that they should be cooked pretty well throughout considering the stick is going through the meat while it is raw (spreading any bacteria on the outside to inside the meat).  Sorry to get technical, I just wanted to explain fully why I wasn't AS impressed as I thought I would be.Great find while strolling the streets of Philly for sightseeing. Intimate, quiet, and the food was excellent!  A total bonus was BYOB!  Not enough restaurants do this - makes a very nice dinner more affordable.  We'll be back if we are ever thru Philly again for sure!I would totally give Chloe 5 stars if not for one minor infraction made by the host/waiter...lets back up a min tho..ok so I went a couple of weekends ago with the boy..we went on a Saturday before a show at the tin angel and i was really nervous bc ya know Saturday night 830 popular byo, who knows how long we could have waited. I was pleasantly surprised when they seated us right away! still had a few empty tables too. our waitress couldn't have been cuter/better/more knowledgeable. The food was out of this world. 
apps- we got the baked feta and the Indonesian shrimp..both awesome but the shrimp was the better of the 2 
din- I got the salmon and it was deeelish...i like it charred real nice. the boy got the steak special which was also amazing. 
so after this amazing experience i obvi choose Chloe o be my bday dinner place (it was lastnight). There was a group of 6 on a weds night so i figured we would be fine..we got there and there were plenty of tables available but not in the same proximity to one another so 3 tables couldnt b pushed together..uhg annoying..i mean i get it but its so frustrating when the seating is available just too spread out..anyway here is the infraction I was talking about ..when i politley(almost tongue and cheek) express my annoyance that we couldn't be seated and would have to wait..the guy running the place legit suggested another restaurant down the block..wat?!?!? he wasn't even being rude(i think he thought we were in a rush) but note to anyone in the restaurant business--DONT EVER DO THIS.. my reply was "oh no, i want to eat here..thanks" the rest of the night was magical. I got the lamb which was very good, a couple girls in my party got the salmon which looked and tasted amazing, also someone got the scallops yummooo... overall its a great place..love that its byo and takes credit cardsIf you have a crazy hippie aunt that can cook her ass off and is perpetually trying to put some weight on you then you don't need to dine here. If you don't have such a relation then go to Chloe for well prepared, interesting food served in a nicely lit kooky-aunt dining room. Large portions, amazing aromas and a nicely varied menu top off a great dining experience. Just be ready to feel like a yoga class can break out at any moment.This is a great BYO with some very tasty appetizers.  The grilled pizza is amazing and the mussels dijon are quite good.  The sea scallops entree is served with a crispy potato pancake that is sooo delicious, especially with the sour cream topping.  The ribs are very robust yet tender and paired well with the creamy mac and cheese.  And definitely get dessert here!  The cheesecake was fantastic: fluffy and creamy yet not overly rich.  The service is very friendly, but be forewarned that they don't take credit cards.We had dinner there last night after not having been for more than 10 years; a gap which we now completely regret given how phenomenal our meal was last night!
The room is nice and the waiter was very professional, friendly and helpful.  
We started with the gratis hummus which was quite good and had a spicy kick to it.  We then shared the cream of celery soup which was more complex and delicious than you would think anything based on celery could be.  I was very impressed by it.
My husband had the confit duck leg (a special) and I had the soft polenta with mushrooms as our next course.  Mine was amazing and he really enjoyed his as well (I don't enjoy duck so I can't give an opinion).
For my main course I had the ravioli in brown butter (OMG, SO delicious) and my husband had the pork tenderloin which was delicious as well.
Then for dessert I had the chocolate mousse pie and he had the banana bread pudding, both of which were very good.
I'm already planning our return!i almost don't want to review this place because i don't want more people to find out about it and make it crowded.  what is it, philly, with these TINY cash-only BYOs that are just so amazing?  delicious food.  friendly staff. food coma. would recommend highly.Incredible!  We lucked out on a snowy night and got a table upon arrival (no reservations accepted).  It is a cosy, comfortable restaurant with maybe 30 seats. Extremely friendly and courteous staff, encouraging you to take your time and enjoy. We had the roasted cauliflower (very tasty) and Tuna tartar as starters. The tuna was phenomenal - expertly prepared and incredibly flavorful. For mains we had the rib eye (very large, but perfectly cooked - perhaps in the top 5 steaks) and the Icelandic cod was tender and moist with just the right amount of mashed potatoes and veg. And for dessert - banana bread pudding and Franklin Fountain ice cream. We left feeling so content and happy with the entire meal!  Oh yes, and it is BYOB - it could not be better!I hate to say this, but I wasn't too impressed. The food was alright, but really nothing worthy of a five star review. I give props to this place for being a BYOB. 
My first complaint is the fact that they don't take reservations. I just don't understand why a restaurant as small as Chloe refuses to take reservations. I was told I'd be "fine" if I came on a Friday night and I wouldn't have to wait for a table. So I arrived, bottle of wine in hand, to be told that the wait would be one hour. 
The menu is disjointed - an unlikely combination of New American and Middle Eastern food. I had beet salad (pretty standard, nothing special) and lamb, which I found to be a little underseasoned and poorly presented over couscous. 
I will say that I tried my bf's scallops and they were delicious. And finally, the banana bread pudding for dessert was heavenly.
Overall, a sort of average experience. I would have rather splurged a little bit more and had a better, more innovative meal at a place like Noble.Thanks to all for helping me find this place during a solo trip to Philly. Wow, one of the top eating out experiences I have ever had. Welcoming and smart staff, cute homey atmosphere, and the food was fantastic. I started with a salad with grapefruit, avocado, fennel, and some other yummy things. It was super fresh and a wondrous combination of flavors. Entree was a melt-in-your-mouth salmon over crispy polenta and eggplant chutney. Oh my. And I had to try their dessert after all that, so I got the banana bread pudding. The waitress recommended peanut butter ice cream on it and she was so right. Wow, remembering this meal makes me happy.Fret time at this quaint spot. Food was delicious..  the vegetarian ravioli was to die for and partnered with a bottle of wine from the corner spot it was an economical and delicious meal.3.5, almost 4. Small little funky BYO in Old City and off the beaten path. eclectic menu filled with good eats. I'm a fan.  If you're in Olde City, check them out. A worthy foodie destination.Very nice unassuming BYOB with welcoming, minimalistic decor. The service was terrific. Our waiter did not rush us from meal to meal and actually encouraged us to relax and take it slow. We started off with two unique soups. My wife had the potato and leek in black truffle oil and I had the oyster chowder. Both were awesome. For entrees, my wife had a perfectly made grilled salmon in sweet and sour eggplant chutney and basil pesto. I had the Kona ribeye steak with seared spinach and house made worcestershire sauce. I didn't care for the steak all that much. There was more fat than meat. Another awesome part of the menu is that they serve delicious Franklin Fountain ice cream so we had a pumpkin scoop and a peanut butter scoop. Great way to finish off a great night.Came here for a pre-theatre dinner at the Arden, so we arrived early, about 6:00 PM and were seated at once.  We brought a nice bottle of wine and began our two hour foray into this wonderful eatery.  Their Chloe salad was exquisite, made a little zesty by the chipotle dressing drizzled over the goat cheese.  The smoke trout was likewise delicious.  
For the heartier faire, my spouse chose the ribs and I chose the grilled salmon.  Both were finger-licking good.  The salmon was cooked to perfection with the savory mustard sauce on top.  The ribs, even with such a proletarian dish such as Mac and Cheese, was delightful.
A visit to Chloe is a testament to the strength and quality of the BYOB establishments in Philadelphia.  With the State's medieval liquor laws, the restaurant scene has grown around these Inquisition-era traditions, and it is as vigorous as ever.  We loved Chloe and can't wait to be back again.  
And by the way, we were able to depart with plenty of time to make it to the Arden.   Wonderful evening.Having moved away from Philadelphia last year, I now live in one of the best restaurant cities in the world. But I still count Chloe among my favorite restaurants of all time. It is the restaurant I miss most now that I am on the wrong coast (though the Indian buffets in West Philly are also sorely missed).
Really, it's blissfully good The setting (nice enough to feel like a special dinner, but so cozy and homey that it completely lacks the stiffness of more formal restaurants) and the food (see below) join powers in the manifestation of medium-upscale culinary perfection.
I still dream about the fig pizza and the goat cheese salad. Despite the fact that one might describe Chloe's offerings as New American/Californian, I have yet to find two more exceptional dishes (in even vaguely the same price range) here in San Francisco, bastion of inventive New American cuisine. 
Count yourselves lucky, Philadelphians, for living within 2,000 miles of Chloe. Eat, enjoy. Do it for Beah.This is one of those places that I was waiting to try for a while - I live right near it, but it seemed to never be open! Finally, I went and it was awesome!!! They don't take reservations, which I love. Also, the menu is always changing, with some staple dishes that they have all the time. Our waiter, Thomas, was so nice and helpful with many recommendations. We got a chilled tomato soup to start which was amazing. We also got the grilled cauliflower - a house specialty. I can honestly say I've never had cauliflower done so well in a restaurant. Got the ratatouille and homemade ravioli which were both great. Also, they give you homemade fresh hummus to start! SO good!One of my favorite BYOBs in the city! They don't take reservations, but I've never had a problem getting a table. Great service, and great food. Some of my favorites on the regular menu are the grilled caesar, the scallops, and the salmon. However, there are always so many great specials to choose from, as well!We had a fantastic dinner with our family of grown children.  The food was amazing and service was attentive, informative and most of all, fun.  It was a great experience.Bad for gluten-free folks.
Went there for dinner on a Friday night.  I asked the waitress to sub out macaroni & cheese for the sweet potato fries  (because I have a gluten allergy).
The waitress came back and said that it would be an extra $3.  On top of a nearly $30 entree?  Because of an allergy?  Really? 
So I told the waitress she could substitute the mac&cheese for ANY gluten free item they had. I was trying to be flexible.
The entree came with the sweet potato fries, the bill came with an extra $3 tagged onto it.  I know it's only a little $$, but the lack of understanding and flexibility really got to me.
Won't be going back.We have been to Chloe several times and have yet to be dissapointed. Although a bit cramped and noisy during busy times, the food, atmosphere and waitress service is well worth putting up with some minor invconveniences.
If you are a BBQ rib lover, this is the place. Although not your typical rib joint, these are meaty, messy, tasty and over the top in flavor, quality and quantity. coupled with the Mac and Cheese and you can;t go wrong. Also at the top of the hit parade are the Scallops which are large, browned to perfection and delicious.
The beet salad is a great way to start off the meal along with a few bottles of your favorite vino and you have a complete meal. Although not a dessert lover, the Mrs. loved the slection.
They don't take cards, reservations and sometimes close without notice to go "fishing" . You can;t go wrong with Chloe for a nice meal in Olde City.It's not that I was avoiding Chloe... it just never happened.  But now I've been and wow... what a fantastic place.  I have no idea why they don't generate more buzz with the food they serve.  A large list of specials accompany an already-delicious-looking menu, plus it's BYOB and priced just right.  It's tiny and feels very cozy inside, though the decor leaves a lot to be desired. 
We ate almost entirely from the specials, except for the delicious Chloe salad which came from the standard menu.
- Oyster Chowder:  Wow, what a soup!  The stock was thin, somehow rich and sweet at once, with a coconut-flavor to it that really went perfectly with the oysters hidden inside.  I wouldn't have put potatoes in it, they seemed unnecessary and distracted from the other ingredients, but I stil enjoyed this quite a bit.
- Indonesian Shrimp:  According to a passing waitress, this used to be on their standard menu and was removed some time ago.  Our actual server told us, "if you love shrimp, you MUST get this dish."  he was not kidding.  Big, perfectly grilled shrimp in a rich, delicious indonesian broth on a big round bed of polenta.  Only very mildly spicy, nice and sweet and rich.  And then as a bonus you can eat the polenta soaked in that amazing sauce.
- Chicken Liver Pappardelle:  Ever since Osteria's chicken liver rigatoni blew my mind, I have been into trying new chicken liver dishes.  This one fell a bit flat.  It needed something sweet to offset the intense richness of the chicken liver, which was there in copious amounts.  That liver flavor was so big and bold it was the only flavor my taste buds could make out.  So it just needed some balance.  The pappardelle pasta itself was perfect, and I'm a big pappardelle fan so that's high praise.
So, long story short: go to Chloe.So if there was a way to give 4.5 stars, we'd probably go that way on this one.  Been wanting to eat here for a long time and it was well worth the wait.   We kept pushing Chloe down the list simply because they do NOT take reservations, and downtown Philly is just over an hour from our home.  But thanks to Yelp, we were reasonably confident that our chances were good for not TOO long of a wait, especially on a Thursday night.  Turns out our 6:30 pm arrival afforded us a choice between 8 or 10 available tables for a party of 3.  (That is, the place was essentially empty.)  By 8:30, they peaked at around 80% capacity.  I suspect it's a little crazier on Friday and Saturday night, but our server said it's rarely a problem on a weeknight.
I had the gnocchi appetizer - STUNNING!  Carol had the halibut - the special of the day - Also STUNNING.  I had the Moroccan lamb skewers which were... very good!  But NOT stunning.  That, and the overall ambiance of the place, which I WOULD say was cozy, but a little less that elegant, and not exactly hip - Just a few points lacking on the enchantment scale.
That all said, Chloe is as great as advertised, and we'll definitely want to move this fine little restaurant into our rotation.  Certainly lives right at the very top of the four star list!
And oh... forgot about dessert.  The mousse was unbelievable.  Worth the trip into the city JUST for that!Chloe, you make some incredible dishes but I think at least one of your servers is to comfortable. I came late about 8:30 so there were many open tables. Since it seemed there were only 2 servers on the floor, both should have been attentive to the customers. One was happily  visiting with what were probably close friends that she was serving and not paying attention to anyone else. I waited in the front area for maybe 10 minutes before the other waitress came out and asked if I'd been helped. 
Fortunately for me, she was also my server. The food, was as good as advertised. The fresh hummus with grilled pita was extraordinary. Your Chloe Salad was perfect and the Salmon was great. Kept me trying to figure out what all the ingredients were. I asked the server if she could find out what the sweet item was underneath the salmon. She never did find out. So there you have it, great chefs and one OK server. Sorry Chloe, I think your so busy creating wonderful dishes you overlook the front area. At these prices it should be a total dining experience.
Came back again but just turned around when I saw that same self serving waitress was still running the show. Putting this one on my permanent stay away list.Chloe doesn't take reservations, so when we got there at about 8:30, we were told that there were no tables available and we had to wait until 9:00. Not a big deal, but we didn't get seated until 9:15, and there'd been a large table empty the entire time. There were two of us so I'm not sure if they were keeping the table open for a bigger party, but it was frustrating. And the hostess looked like she was absolutely miserable to be working there.
However, once we actually got our table, the food made up for the seating issues. The baked oysters with asiago cheese were to die for. The grilled tomato soup was fresh and delicious. Our entrees, halibut and scallops, were wonderful, and the banana bread pudding was amazing. Our waitress was friendly and knowledgeable. 
It's pricey but worth it. I'll definitely be back, but I'll go earlier next time.I'm really surprised this doesn't appear on more of those "Best of BYOB" lists in the city.  It really should, considering it's off the beaten path and could use a little more foot traffic.  Scratch that, I don't want other people flocking to this hidden gem that I'm now gonna call my very own.  
For starters, the place is extremely cozy and decorated adorably.  It felt like I was in someone's living room.  Plus, our server Tony was as personable as they come- he was super nice and made us feel like we were old friends (and knew the proper way to crack open the bottle of pinot noir we brought). He made sure to list all the specials not printed on the menu that night and his vivid descriptions of the food made me want to order everything!
For appetizers, we got the tomato and cucumber gazpacho and the shrimp and watermelon salad.  Both were to-die-for and mega fresh and summery.  I never had gazpacho and I gotta say- if they're all like that- I'll definitely ordering it everywhere I go.  It was just so fresh, so clean (so fresh and so clean clean).  The shrimp/watermelon/feta salad was hands down the best I've ever had (and trust me- every place has this on their menus now).
For entrees, it's a small menu (he explained that the summer menu is pared down a bit due to how slow the city is), but not lacking in deliciousness.  My boyfriend got their signature BBQ ribs dish (Tony said it's a staple that's been on their menu for 15 years, so you know it's gotta be good) and I got the braised short rib raviolis on special that night.  For $30, you get the whole damn rack of ribs smothered in a delicious, sweet-to-tangy ratio of sauce and served with a ramekin of homemade baked mac 'n cheese and collard greens.  Absolutely perfect and you certainly get a bang for your buck.  The raviolis were delicate and fresh and had a great sauce with tons of basil and the short rib and cheese was just enough- light for an entre but I wasn't super hungry (and plus the chef gave me an extra just for kicks).
We obviously needed dessert to pair with the rest of our wine so we opted for their take on a s'more, a glass jar with crushed graham crackers on bottom, topped with a dark bitter chocolate mousse and a homemade fluffy toasted marshmallow with some fresh fruit and bits of that semi-sweet chocolate on top.  Amazing.
Also, great hummus with grilled pita was brought out before the meal, gratis.
Basically, I'm just super excited to venture up to Old City and have a new go-to spot where I feel like I'm at home and I'm not spending ridiculous amounts of money on great quality food and service.They got me to eat mussels.   I don't eat seafood.  I think that says it all right there.  
Service treated us like family and the food was made with attention to detail and not a ton of salt.  The flavors were natural and blended well.  The gnocci was by far the star of the show and I'm looking forward to my next visit.  Cheers to a good job by the staff.