Large variety of skewers. Great flavor! Skewers are a little on the smaller side but reasonable priced.Very delicious BBQ sticks and the stir Fried Escargot are the Best! Fun place to hangout!Tonight we took a spontaneous trip from Northern Virginia to Chinatown, Philadelphia during rush hour on our spring break. We got here around 11:30 pm and came across Chuan Kee- one of the only few places open (late night on a Tuesday). I guess this is what we get for last minute planning. Hot BBQ skewers and Hot Pot skewers did not disappoint thanks to the lovely hospitality and recommendations of Co- Owner Zoey who helped welcome my girlfriend, one of my bros, and myself. While waiting for the hotpot skewers, I took a stab (no pun intended) at the skewers of chicken gizzards and chicken feet. Both well marinated and charred with essence of Sichuan peppers. Don't hold back- the peppers give it a kick I didn't expect. Do not inhale straight into the broth haha. I'm glad there's something new to Philly and while I'm still here I might stop by again before I leave! 5 stars for sure! If my girlfriend agrees that means the food is that good!I can't believe the flavors and tastiness of this!! I will recommend this place any time someone asks. Thank you for such a great experience.So amazing the best skewers - great service and food! Love the bacon wrapped enoji and hot pot skewers食物味道就那么回事，但量小。
差评因为他们的服务真的令人愤怒。我们在那里点完串，开始还上的中规中矩。然后等了块20分钟，上了个土豆片，然后跟我们说你们餐齐了。然而 我们还有6个肉串，一份章鱼烧没有上。我跟服务员说还有这些没上，这人居然拿着一个扁签子问我，这个就是肉串的签子，你确定没吃过吗？我当时就是？？？？？？我为了你几个肉串干这事？？？？而且我盘子里根本没有没有六个扁签子啊？然后她回去拿了几个凉了的肉串出来。并说章鱼烧没有，那点餐的时候为什么不说呢？账结了，小费给你。但不会再来了。I have had all three bbq skewers in Chinatown and I think this place is the most reasonable price and best taste. There are a lot of options to choose from. I think this is a good place to come and eat with friends after a long day. They open late hours which is convenient for hungry workers that work late in Chinatown. The server is nice and really prompt at bringing our food. Didn't get to try many items but we did get to have the Cucumber in hot oil, chicken, chicken gizzard, chicken wing, potato, fish tofu, and lamb cannot wait to try their crawfish  next time.The interior design is soothing and calms the mood, service is delightful and great. The menu lacks a wide variety of choice, but overall it's great and filled with a wider range of appetizers than most restaurants in china town. Food is great and enjoyable for a light snack and a full meal.Food: loved the soft shell crab here! It's one of the best soft shell crab I have had  You must order it when you come to check this place out! Also, the cauliflower skewer was especially tasty and crunchy! 
Customer service: the staff her is always so friendly so that's a plus! Shout out to Shan Shan! 
Highly recommended for all you skewer lovers!!!!!I've been coming here once a week for the past month, it's a pretty small restaurant but the service is great, and so is the food. The skewers take about 10 minutes to come out. If you like spicy skewers, this is the place!Omg I haven't had good Chinese bbq skewers in sooooo long, and I'm so happy that Chuan Kee opened in philly! All the skewers (veggies and meat) are delicious - I love whatever sauce they're putting on them; it's so freaking good!Totally regret walking into this shabby place where foods are insanely overpriced and not worth the wait time. The "hotpot" combo comes with 14 skewers in total for $19.95, UNBELIEVABLY OVERCHARGED. I ordered combo A set, which basically is a small bucket of flavored soup with some teeny tiny pieces of beef tripe, two pinky-sized shrimps, spam {which is definitely not listed. guess it came as a substitute for cabbage??? the server did not notify that ahead nor did she try to ask for our understanding with a sorry, maybe!}along with other cheap veggies like seaweed knot, fried tofu, and shirataki (konjac) noodle in a very stingy amount. If this is not a joke, tell me what it is. Definitely not coming back here even if they decide to increase the portion size or lower the price. That's how bad food tastes in this place. What a total rip off!嗯...... 很难在菜品的味道上评价，因为每个人口味不同。但我不是很喜欢，烧烤还算可以，田螺也可以，但花甲粉真的不好吃... 我能吃辣，但那花甲粉也就只尝到了辣的味道... 我们没吃串串所以不评价。但是！ 服务不是一般的差！ 首先我们坐下很久了，一杯水都没有，是店里规定不提供水吗？还有！客人跟服务员说话都没说完就转身走了，剩下客人在那很茫然。这里的客人指的不是我，是隔壁很多桌。然而我们在问这个服务生问题的时候，她也是说完一句话也转身走了！？？ 如果我们是堂吃的，我是真不会给小费的...最后我们的外卖也少了一份红糖糍粑！ 我们在那等了那么久... 很伤心First time  went here. The food is different. Skewers in the hot pot. And the service is good. Definitely coming backFoods are very very very good and servers are very very very very nice! Recommend for people who really really really like BBQ!We popped in here for a small bite. Well. .we ended up getting the hot pot sampler. Absolutely amazing. Spicy and bursting with flavor. We also got some of the BBQ skewers as well, the sweet/salty mix was out of this world. I did get a small bit of cartilage but par for the course. Would recommend this to anyone. For 30 ish we got a full and satisfying meal. This will be a recurring stop when we come to Philadelphia's ChinatownThey have a decent variety of skewers which is nice. My significant other and I tried the lamb, beef, pork belly, inoki mushrooms, shrimp and rice cakes. All of the skewers were cooked pretty well and actually flavored decently. I would prefer a higher spice level but that's a personal thing. Overall a great addition to ChinatownNew skewer spot in the prior Hakka Beef House. Definitely a welcome addition. Both the grilled bbq and the hot pot skewers are solid. Ingredients are fresh. The small bun skewers are a nice complement with a sweet finish. Service time can be on the lengthier side but may get ironed out as operations get optimized.I became a regular at this place! Food was great and they have a wide selections of skewers! The servers were nice and I liked the seasonings you can choose from. LOVE LOVE the soft shell crab here!! Worth trying out!!!Ordered a variety of skewers with some friends. It was pretty good, all the skewers we ordered seemed to have the same seasoning/marinade which is good if you like it. They have a decent amount of vegetarian options which was a nice surprise. The beef ho fun was really good but something tasted off about the meat which was a shame. They made us a new one without beef but it wasn't as good. It's a good place to check out and I believe they have a happy hour with $1 skewers from Monday to Thursdays.Good service. The servicer is nice and pretty. The price is ok but the serving size is different than My imaging. (Red lines were my assumption). Total there is almost $20, don't include the tips. Tasty so so.Used to be hakka beef but now chuan kee. I like the concept. I only got their cauliflower and hot pepper in term of BBQ skewer but got their popular hot pot skewer. It was supposed to have 2 beef omasum, 2 beef tripe, 2 white mushroom, 2 cucumber, 2 shrimp, 2 fish tofu and 2 fried tofu. I was missing a shrimp and an extra fried tofu. I don't know if it's because they were super busy. The busiest that I have seen for this place ever. Overall I don't think I would get the hot pot skewer again but definitely would come back to try more of their BBQ skewer and other dishes.This is my new favorite skewer place in Philly! Excellent food and the skewers are second to none. The hotpot option with the variety of skewers allows you to sample all the different menu items. I was really impressed with the selection and will be back to try the rest of the menu.The worst Skewer in Chinatown ever. Chicken is so dry and hard to chew that my friend almost got chocked by that. And the price is not reasonable at all. Definitely too pricy for a Skewer! Will never go there again!The waitresses are very friendly and the food is good. The soft shell crab is really fresh!!!!!Passing through Philly, a friend recommended I come try this new place. Skewers were awesome! I had beef, lamb, shrimp and chicken wings (my fav). Also had a spicy clam vermicelli that hit the spot. The servers recommended the escargot and even tho they're not my thing I tried them. I loved it, they had a slight sweetness to them that made them addictive. I'll def be back when I come through Philly.Super casual ambiance, and great for hanging out. It feels like it caters to the younger population with all the pop music playing. Service was also attentive, and very easy to order. 
Food is similar to the other BBQ skewer joints in the area, but there's a sweeter sauce on these. You can add chili, salt, and sugar to your liking when it comes to the table. Loads of fun filling up your empty pail with skewer sticks after eating. 
A welcome skewer place is welcome, especially since it's casual enough to just get a few small bites and head out. Cauliflower here was great.
There is a $20 min to use card, but it's not a big deal and easy to fulfill in my opinion. I would return to this place to meet with friends and chat. If it's for a meal, I'll stick with the other popular cash only skewer joints in Chinatown.Interior design is pretty comfy. Skewers are not spicy, a little on the sweet side for me. Overall pretty good place to dine in.Here is my favourite restaurant for you.
It is called chuankee ,a chiese style restaurant.
When you first enter it,you'll find that its
fitment is amazing:
some cute swings right by the window.
and tatami is used in some particular room
All you feel here is peaceful
a lot of young people come here for dinners,and you might see some chinese as well.
the most attractive point of this restaurant is its decilous food
the chef is a chinese,he is sort of famous in china
so what else should I say about the food?
I bet you'll fall in love with it~
well,you dont have to worry about your wallet
coz the price there is so reasonable!
that's why I recommend this restaurant.The food was amazing!! Definitely coming back. You have to try their cauliflower! It was bar far the best Ive ever tasted.BYOB so bring your own drinks. Good food, great service. Bacon wrap enoki is the best. Beef is a little dry. Lamb is good with a touch of fat. King sausage was very flavorful.Good food at a great price! Love their $1 skewers deal, don't ever stop this deal please!Quality authentic Szechuan dishes and very good skewers. Pricing is in line with what I'd expect for a place like this (not super cheap, but not overly expensive). Very hole in the wall feel but kind of a hidden gem. Portions could be a little better. But overall great.Their beef chow fun was soaked with oil and the skewers that we ordered were way too salty. The server was acting very rude and added a 20% tip to the bill even though she ignored us the whole time and didn't even give us the utensils or bowls. We also had ordered a lot of food and were treated like trash. I Wouldn't recommend at all. This was by far the worst experience that I had at any restaurant.Came here on a weekday afternoon for a quick bite. I absolutely love skewers so I was really excited to try them out. We ordered 2 fish tofu, 1 potato, 3 lamb, 1 New Orleans Style chicken wings, and 1 squid. Apparently the squid batch was made smaller than usual, so the waitress brought us an extra squid skewer, which I thought was very nice of her.
Overall, the skewers were very tasty. They were nicely seasoned, but there wasn't a ton of meat on them. The fish tofu was my favorite because it was soft and bouncy. The potato was a close second cuz I love potato. I liked that the lamb didn't have too much fat, but to be honest there wasn't a ton of meat anyway. I'm not sure what made the chicken wings New Orleans style, but the meat was very juicy and tender.
I wish I could come back and try the hotpot skewers. We just didn't have time this trip.Best skewers in Chinatown! Real Chinese food, if you never try it, just come, it is worth! I'll come this awesome place a lot!Saw a posting from my friend's Moment and decided to give it a try. It didn't disappointed us. We first ordered lamb, beef, squid, chicken wings, mini hot dogs, long hot pepper, and pork belly skewers. Everything is well seasoned and grilled nicely done. My friend and I both agree the squid and the wings are the best and decided to order them more. We will be back for others on the menu. The services are good and the servers are very attenuate.烤串挺好吃的 酱料偏甜 可以自己放辣椒粉 牛尾汤很好喝 推荐 串串香有点辣 个人觉得红糖糍粑最好吃是那种炸的 不过很好吃 总之很推荐 没有踩雷的 （一点小小的建议 串串香里的虾没有去头 有点无从下口 仅是个人观点）We stumbled upon this restaurant looking for a place to eat late at night and they had great reviews.  The food was amazing.  Everything was fresh and flavorful.  The skewers were great and they even had vegan friendly skewers.  Would recommend this spot and will be coming again!I've came here with a friend after reading all the stellar reviews on this new establishment. We ordered an assortment of skewers (a la carte) and the clams vermicelli because it sounded good. For skewers, we ordered the chicken gizzards, Korean rice cakes, bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms, some lamb and seafood. Despite the positive reviews on the bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms, we were underwhelmed by the flavor and the bacons were barely cooked. They were so chewy because of the raw fat that we had to spit it out as it was impossible to chew and for the food to go down. Other skewers were okay, I've had better making them at home. We both agreed that we enjoyed the Korean rice cakes and fish tofu. All the skewers seem to have the same flavor/seasoning so it's just the matter of the food choices you opt for. The clams vermicelli was one of the better dishes we've had. Another side note - the skewers were under-seasoned so I tried using the salt from the salt shaker but it wouldn't come out no matter how hard I was shaking it. I then checked it out the salt shaker and realized the salt was in a solid form and wouldn't budge even after I tilted the shaker upside down that it looked like a prop on the table, very strange...The food was good, this is a nice late night dinner place! Service was great will definitely come backWe came in on a Tuesday evening, and the first thing we noticed was a lot of take out orders, which is a good sign! You order like an AYCE sushi place - filling out the number of items you want on a large paper menu. They have BBQ skewers, as well as hot pot. They also have a variety of different items on the menu as well like eggplant, soft shell crab and fried rice. It's definitely vegetarian friendly.
We opted to go with the hot pot combo #2, which came with like 6 different skewers - lots of seafood balls/cakes, some sausage and tofu. They put a little pot on your table and light the gel on fire to get the water hot. The seasoning was great; it may be a little too spicy for some people. You also get complimentary glass noodles to eat with the hot pot too.
We also got a few skewers a la carte (see picture - squid isn't included in it though). They were seasoned heavily and tricky to eat, but that's the nature of the beast. Ask for extra napkins! The best part of the meal was the pineapple and chicken fried rice, which was cooked perfectly and a healthy portion. We topped it off with great green tea mochi. We'll definitely be back when we are looking for some quick, quality hot pot!This place is the truth. I'm not a big fan of skewers because the meat can be dry but this spot had the juiciest SEASONED skewers I've ever had. Their hours are also great! Price is on point too!! I will definitely be coming back and am glad that I stumbled upon this place by chance.Not bad as far as sauce and flavor goes. I don't think the quality of meat is as high as another local place, but the flavor is nice. There is ample seating and powdered chili on the table. This is best for adjusting spice if you don't like being at the mercy of the cook.
I would definitely go back. I had the lamb, beef, bacon wrapped enoki, pork belly, king of ham sausage, korean fish cake, egg plant, fish tofu, tofu, beans, okra, and mantou. Don't get the mantou, it's sweet, which is weird, like a dessert.  The Eggplant isn't on a skewer, it's on a plate and delicious. Probably one of the best.
Fish Tofu skewers are good. Pork belly was over cooked. Korean fish cake is okay. Tofu skewers are good. Okra is good. Beans are good. Bacon w/ Enoki is good. King of ham sausage... stranage, but not bad. Just like a weird hot dog.Great place to hangout, love the flavors especially the cauliflowers and potatoes. Very friendly staff and atmosphere!Me and a few friends came in late Saturday night (around 12am) for some midnight grub. The waitress was so sweet and very attentive. We ordered chicken skewers, beef, lamb, squid, bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms, and Korean rice cake. Everything was sooooo delicious, especially the bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms. We had to order them twice! The seasoning and sauce they use are so good. I'm from New York City and we have a lot of skewer carts in my area, but no one beats their flavor! I really hope they can get more recognition :)45 dollar could be treated a very nice Fogo di Chao lunch plus the tip, you had a fresh meat and veggies as you want. This place sell the stuff is not qualify this prices, pepper and seaweed knot are super salty and not fresh. No refill water and no napkins, so unacceptable for the restaurant that sell the spicy food. It's not worth this price in all time, this is my only time will be this place.Ordered takeout during COVID-19. They wrapped the bbq skewers with aluminum foil so food is still warm when I got home. They offer all kinds of skewers, meat vegetables seafood etc, so I just ordered 1-2 of different things to have a taste. I like the vegetables, cauliflower and lotus root, shrimp and squid are pretty good too. The meat skewers are overcooked. Also one thing for bbq cravers, it doesn't give you the flavor of charcoal grill - I'm guessing they use gas grill. Other than that this place is interesting to try out.I legitimately could not suggest a better spot for skewers and Hot Pot (and for just genuinely great staff). The food was mind blowingly delicious (just check out the pics) and all of the folks who worked there couldn't have been sweeter. Seriously, do not sleep on this restaurantNourishment was stunning ... administration was better ... typically go to David's, strayed for one meal..... so happy we did, much obliged!! 
This was the best spot I at any point eaten !!!! Certainly would come back!!!!!Food was absolutely delicious. The hot pot skewers is the way to go. Come early because it gets very busyFirst time here. Noticed this new place and wanted to try it out. The food is quite food and the taste pretty authentic, especially with the skewers from the spicy pot. The staff is pretty friendly too. The space is a little small and it's more of a relaxed kind of atmosphere, but it's fine with me.I don't normally complain about wait times or what order my food comes in, but I ordered four skewers and sweet potato fries as an appetizer. I got one skewer around 35 minutes after ordering, two more around 40 minutes after, and then the last skewer and my "appetizer" almost 50 minutes after I ordered! And this was around 8PM on a weeknight, the restaurant was not busy, but there was a table of four already seated and a couple takeout/delivery orders so it's not like they had to restart the grill for just me either. If you take out the grill start time, I've gotten faster food even from backyard barbecues! And I wouldn't have even minded a similar wait time if I'd gotten my appetizer first and then had all my skewers come out together, but no, food came out slow and completely haphazardly. On top of that, what sounded like, I don't know, rapid random morse code beeping was carrying over their speaker system, so it was all around a bad dine in experience.
The skewers might seem decently priced at a couple bucks but the portions are minuscule! The bacon wrapped enoki skewer amounted to one strip of bacon and less than a quarter of a package of mushrooms, which is probably something like 20 cents worth of ingredients. Yeah, I know restaurants have labor and rent costs, but come on, four measly rice sticks $1.50? Chuan Kee is the first restaurant where I've spent over $15 and left hungry, and that was with the sweet potato fries doing all the heavy lifting.
The food itself tasted okay (although they used the same sweet and spicy sauce on everything I ordered, so not much variety) except the lamb skewer, which was incredibly tough and gamey and one of the worst things I've ever had, which took what was an otherwise 2.5* meal down to a 1.Great new restaurant in Chinatown. they specialize in skewers but have other great dishes like takoyaki and an awesome cucumber salad. great prices!Casual spot with delicious food, quick service and affordable price. We got fried soft shell crabs and bbq skewers. Definitely recommend chicken wings, cauliflower, fish tofu and lotus root.Good food, nice vibe, prompt service! Would recommend the chicken heart skewers, a definite highlight and we'll doneGood environment and taste. It looks very clean.
Many types of barbecue, such as beef, chicken, potatoes, mushrooms and good drinks.
Good service. Friendly. The food is very quick.
I am very enjoy it.The food was amazing. The service was good and it's great at late late night. I have friends that are doing the carnivore diet in this place fits the billI have good news and bad news. The bad news Hakka Beef House closed! The good news is this new skewer place is pretty good and they still have some of the Hakka Beef House favorites on the menu.
We started with the okra salad which I really liked and the oxtail dragon beard noodle soup. There are a few other noodle options (udon or glass noodles). Also liked the green beans but they were a bit salty. We LOVED the soft shell crabs-definitely get this! We also got the combo #2 hot pot ($20) which had 3 skewers each of beef, shrimp, and fish balls, with 4 or so half balls on each skewer and one type of skewer with vienna sausages. It all comes in a tall skinny little pot full of spicy broth that sits over a flame to stay warm. There are other pots to put your empty skewer sticks. This whole situation reminds me of late night street food in Korea and China. I didn't love the Vienna sausages but if you're a fan of all the balls you will love this! We also tried the crawfish which came with gloves to eat them but were still very messy and probably not worth the trouble.
But the real attraction here are the grilled skewers! These also remind me of late night little streetside shacks. All of them were spiced perfectly with a similar seasoning - very cuminy and a bit spicy. Lamb and beef come with 3 each but all others can be ordered a la carte.  We tried (in order of favorites):
Bacon wrapped enoki
Cauliflower
Beef 
Lamb 
Squid (a bit overdone) 
Pork Belly (also a bit chewy)
For dessert we got the green tea mochi (also could have gotten red bean). This place has some other Japanese options like gyoza and edamame too.
This place is open late night so if you like meat on sticks, stop by! Don't forget to BYOB!They guys say the opening hour is until 1am. But they actually close before 11pm. I arrived at 11pm and there were people inside talking but they just close the door and say they are closed. Really terrible experience! Please do not trust their opening hours any mireVery good services! The grilled BBQ skewers are very tasty, the Chuanchuan skewers are ok, not as flavorful as BBQ skewers. And in general it is pricey.Walked around and saw there was a new skewer spot. So decided to try it out. I just tried the skewers cause I only want couple appetizers but so glad I came in. Got the lamb,beef,bacon wrapped enoki and bunch of other skewers and they were all great.
Seasoning was perfect and cooked very well. 
Next time I come in, I will definitely try the other items in the menu. FYI they just don't have skewers. There are entree foods also. So definitely will be back sometime soon.Stop by to check out what it has to offer. The bbq skewer are delicious with the seasoning and sauce. Music choices are great. Calm environment overall. The server is great explaining the menu.Nice service! The taste was so good. currently, they only offer takeout and delivery(?). the skewers were wrapped neatly and nicely, so that it still hot when we got home. Pork brain was my favorite. Hope they still have that on the menu next time we visit.Interesting twist to your regular skewers. If you don't want hotpot but kinda still want hotpot, they have "Hot Pot Skewers" for $19.99. Very cute and flavorful. The service is also very accommodating. Will definitely come back!A hole in the wall, five star find! Came here on a whim for dinner on a Friday night, and I am surprised there aren't more people here! Y'all are missing out. Their food is PACKED with flavor. You order each skewer individually and that gives you the chance to try everything. Must just must try the buns - crisp outside with fluffy insides and coated in condensed milk. The vegetable skewers do not disappoint either. The mushroom noodle dish was yummy and a great accompaniment to the skewers.I normally come to this place whenever I'm craving skewers since it's pretty good here. However, I think it's a bit overpriced. You could easily spend over $30 from skewers here and the portions are small, but they had this happy hour where every Monday it's $1 for certain skewers from 2pm-6pm? Anyways my friends and I came here on a Monday and they told us that they're not doing it anymore for some reason when the signs were still up for the happy hour(funny thing is that this happy hour thing seems to change whenever the waitress feels like it). So we got around 20 skewers for 3 people and a stir fried instant noodle dish. Mind you 20 skewers arent a lot since the portions are small and the ramen dish we got were $8 for God's sake. Its literally instant noodles with a few pieces of spam, greens, and eggs. With $8 you could get a legit bowl of noddles anywhere else in chinatown. The total came out be like $56(including tip) which is ridiculous we just got freaking skewers and a small dish of stir fried instant noodles. And I would say the service isn't that great, we sat down and the waitress didn't offer us water much later even though we were the only table there and she even asked us if we needed water? Like don't restaurants usually just bring it to the table? Anyways she never came to check on us to see if we needed anything else or even water the entire time we were there and the place was literally empty while being on her phone. Overall, I was disappointed with this place this time coming here with my friend who I just recommended it to.Very nice spot. The staff was very friendly and their skewers were very good. Def reccomend this spot.We came here on a whim. Glad we did.  The skewers were great. A different spin of Asian cuisine.We just had some skewers for snack.  The service is fast and friendly, food is pretty tasty. 
For just skewers, I will probably just go to the store close to the grey hound bus station; same thing but cheaper.  But they do offer other things and is a good place to sit down for lunch, etc.Extremely cheap skewers - $2 for meats/$1.5 veggies). Little gem is a byob and opened every late (to 12/1am depending on the day). Each table is stocked with containers of spices. You have the option of buying grilled skewers or a hotpot combo that comes in a metal tub. 
My favorite skewers to get are the beef and mini sausages. The grilled pork and chicken were ok. 
Only thing I wish is that for the hotpot combos is that you can make your own combinations instead of picking preset ones. 
Quick service. No one really bothers you. Although I wish they were more attentive.It's alright. The hotpot skewers I would pass on. 20 dollars for a a few sticks of fish balls that are cut in half is not worth it. Flavor is decent but not something you'd crave again. It's more of a novelty item. 
The regular skewers are pretty good. Solid flavor. If it's not spicy enough for you, they have spice powder on the tables. Speaking of table, the space is very tight. There's not much room between the tables. And their chairs are kinda bulky which eats up more of the space. It was difficult getting in and out when the table beside you is also occupied.Really interesting take on how food is served. Very tasty, the lamb was my favorite, the chicken hearts are worth a try if you haven't had them. Cucumber salad was hot and a lot of flavor. All around simple and good. Would come back. Didn't have somethings just because they are new but if they had them I'm sure they would be good.Came here as soon as we heard these's a new skewer spot opened and that was not a disappointment! The bbq skewers are very tasty, we got the lamb skewers instead of beef based on the previous reviews and they were yummy. The pork belly and chicken wings were cooked to perfection - crispy and golden brown. We also got the hotpot skewers which was perfect for the rainy weather. Next time we'll try their soft shell crab and escargots! Welcome to the neighborhood, Chuan Kee!This place is a hidden gem in China Town. One of the best Skewers and Hotpot place in town. Food are cheap, but high quality. Portions are great. Atmosphere is fantastic, perfect for date night. 
Must try the Egg plants and Pork over rice.I stopped in here the other day to get some 串串 "skewers". The food was a bit pricy, but the taste was well worth it. The owner was extremely friendly and helped us when deciding what we wanted to order. I would recommend this to a friend. Will be back!Delicious, authentic Chinese skewer style dished.  You have to try the green beans and bacon wrapped mushroom!  Everything was good and very reasonable prices!After reading the reviews and since this was the only skewer place that was opened around noon.. I decided to give it a try during my lunch break. 
Let's say, I probably won't come back for take out.. I ate it right away once I got back into work which is a 2 minutes walk. The beef and lamb skewer were very dry and hard. It was so hard to chew/eat. It was a sad lunch for me. (Mind you I sat there and waited for my food)
The reviews for dining in seems better but who knows. I didn't have a good experience.There seems to be a rave review about this place and so I gave it a try. The meat are mediocre, it didn't seems fresh, to me it seemed like they were putting the same season on everything they cooked, for the price and quantity is not worth it for meGreat atmosphere and excellent service! Lots of variety and different options to choose from. Came for some small bites and was not disappointed.