My girlfriend and I came here for dinner, and it was excellent. We each had our own individual hotpots, tomato oxtail soup and the original soup -- very good. We order they're beef combo, which included the waygu beef they're known for, and grabbed items on the conveyer belt rotating around the restaurant. My girlfriend loved rainbow noodles and rainbow soup dumplings. Our server Brandon was excellent, attentive, made sure our pots were refilled.We recently tried Chubby Cattle on a whim. Read an article and wanted to go! Not insanely priced, but not cheap either. My boyfriend and I always "over" order so we asked our server Stephen to help us out. Though he was knowledgeable of the menu and super personable, we still did not get a sense of how much or what to order - so we just went for it. The menu is also confusing, different ounces for various meats, no suggestions on party size vs. ordering, apps also on the last page - just odd! We were 100% happy with the food thought but I just wish they had explained the entire process more when we sat down. It's an experience that you want to experience, not fumble through. 
I also thought the service needed some work. Though Stephen, and what seemed to be the manager; were attentive, we were the ones asking them to clear our table and grab water, etc. Again, fumbling through an already hands-on dining experience, that has MANY dishes (ha).  Since we're already cooking, and as customers; we should not also be doing everything else. I think these tiny details will come with time. 
I'll go back but I need to wait until they've had a little more experience and firm up their process. And maybe in a large group!Great new hot pot place in Chinatown! They have a great waiting system that calls/text you when a table is available. There are many types of soup bases to choose from and plenty of dishes. All of them were really delicious. My favorite was the mushroom combo basket. Simin, our waitress was really kind and helpful. Thanks Chubby Cattle!Very tasty, I like the original soup and meat, beef and lamb. Food on the belt is just ok, but the service is very good!I came here with three of my friends. Waited 20 minutes on a Tuesday night at 6:30pm. 
I think people like this place for the Instagram pictures. They display their food very nicely, but it is over priced hot pot food. We ordered the wagu yukke and to us it tasted like nothing but sweet soy sauce. The noodles make a good picture, but it tasted ordinary. We ordered a beef combo which tasted like hot pot beef. Out of the different soup bases we tried, the best one was the tomato ox tail flavor. Overall, the food was average to the four of us.As an Asian who lived in japan for a while, I think this restaurant is overpriced and overrated. Great service with expensive (but not delicious)food. The experience is unique if you have never been to the cheap sushi house in Asia (picture attached).I'm going to start off by saying sorry to Little Sheep, because it looks like I have a new hotpot spot in Philly. Everything was great, the staff, the food and the decor. 
I decided to go give it a try here with my girlfriend and mom. Boyyy was it a good decision. We got the A5 wagyu, wagyu brisket, and all other stuff and the broth base was so good. Definitely coming backI can definitely walk away from here feeling like a chubby cattle. This place has amazing tasting broth with excellent quality meats. 
Upon walking in, you are greeted right away. If there is a wait, they will let you know apx how long and if you would like to wait to fill out their screen with info so they could text and call you when you are up. This is a great concept as you can go elsewhere and grab a drink or tour Ctown as you are waiting for a table.
Once seated, the server comes by and gives you a tour of the menu and of the different type of cuts they carry. They have about 5 different broths to chose from and tons of veggies, noodles, and meats. They also have a conveyor belt of items that you can just grab from (charged based on color of the plate).
We decided to try the oxtail broth and the miso one. My kids loved the miso while my husband and I really enjoyed the oxtail. Since the kids wanted miso, we added chili peppers into ours to give it a nice kick. They bring out a tray of condiments and their specialty sauce so you can add whatever you like to your broth and sauce to fit your liking. We made sure to add in extra cilantro and some garlic to both broth and house sauce. One thing I enjoyed in regards to the broth is that they actually refill your pot with the actual broth you ordered instead of a standard veggie or chicken broth like most places.
Since we were unsure of which cut of meat to get, we decided to try the sampler. Favorite off of this was definitely the wagu. Next time we come, that's probably what we will mostly be ordering. It was so buttery and melt in your mouth delicious.
We were seated at a table that didn't have a family sharing pot, so that was a bit difficult. They stated that they normally save those tables for larger parties of 6 or more. We didn't use 2 of the stove tops, so I do recommend them getting something to cover it so it could be used as extra table space. The table was a tad cramped, but it didn't stop us from enjoying our time there.
I can't wait to come back and actually try some of their other specialties.The food was spectacular along with our server Way. He answered every question we had. Getting a table was a little difficult because it was so busy but overall the atmosphere is fantastic and def a place to try at least once. We aren't from here so this was really pleasant.  Pictured below is the beef combo next to the tiger shrimp and hanging noodles!The family put is delicious & fun. I would highly recommend.
The tomato & oxtail broth is a mustGreat idea, not executed well...food was alright, sauce not so much, only one option and its a weird flavor if you are used to Chinese style hotpot. Service was slow, we went at lunch time, only two tables and it took them 15min to bring food up...this is hotpot...The tastiest and most interesting hot pot experience we've ever had! Great selection of different add-ons and reasonably priced. Also the conveyor belt is fun and a nice added element. Way was our server and helped us to have such an enjoyable experience. He was very informative and attentive. Will be coming back here many times!Pretty trendy decor. Didn't take too long to find a seat. There's many options on the menu. Conveyor belt adds a unique touch with decent assortment of veggies, seafood, and noodles. They serve you a tray of various sauces, no need to get up to grab your sauces! The staff here is very friendly and helpful. Nice addition to Chinatown!We have heard so much about this place although it's quite new in the area. We came did not expect much because we eat hotpot so often. However, to our surprise , this place sure stands at the top of the list of our favorite hotpot now. We had wagyu sushi, although on the pricy side, but so worth it! The wagyu melts in the mouth. The spicy broth is really spicy, yet soooo good because of the depth of flavor. I can tell this is not a powder base broth, but rather real stock from bones. The ingredients are very fresh. And the service is on point. Shanshan, our server, is very attentive and friendly. We will definitely come back , especially when it is hotpot weather now!Then beef here was phenomenal and the experience with the conveyer belt was an experience to remember. Our server Brandon did an amazing job guiding us through the process. Additionally, he made us felt really comfortable and was ready to help us anytime we needed any help. Overall, this was a pretty good experience.The server didn't gave us any sauce and totally neglected us throughout our whole meal. The broth was bland and wasn't like anything like the last time I've been to chubby cattle. Very disappointed because I thought this would be my new go to hot pot place.The quality of the food is good. We really enjoyed it here. The waiter Way is very helpful and informative; he's also very respondent to requests or assistance. However, it took much longer for my broth to boil than all my friends', strange.This is a new hotpot restaurant in Chinatown. Perfect place for a nice date with hot pot. High quality ingredients and great presentation. They hand make their own noodles. We had the noodle combo which had taro, green tea, and tomato. Shout out to Zoey, you da best. Thanks for the ice cream.They have very awesome Wagyu sashimi!! It's soft and fresh. The tri-colored noodles are also very delicious. They match perfectly with the spicy based soup. 
The staff are also friendly and nice.The best wagyu hot pot in town,good food.Thanks  Erika for being nice and professional service.My first visit to a hot pot restaurant and it did not disappoint.  I took my teenage children and they loved cooking their own food.  Sooyoung recommended that we try a few of the samplers; it allowed use to survey the meats, noodles, and veggies.  The Wagyu beef was so tender and flavorful.  We particularly liked Bok choy, purple yam noodles, and the pork belly.  My tip is ask for Sooyoung he will make your visit just a bit better.The food and atmosphere here is great. My favorites are Beef Combo, Aburi Wagyu Nigiri and Wagyu Yukke.The nicest hot place I have ever been to! Very contemporary design. The conveyor belt is unique and very fun! Food is very fresh and I could definitely taste the high quality meats. We had the combination beef platter so we got to try a few different types of meat. Excellent service. Way did a great job to explain the concept and menu since it was our first time. Definitely recommend!OH MY WOW. This was a beyond incredible experience. To start, our server Abby was so sweet and welcoming. She was extremely helpful too since none of us had tried hot pot before. Everything tasted so incredible! 
Highly recommend!!! Esp the tomato base for the hot pot and get the udon noodles (I preferred them over the hand drawn ones). The beef was, of course, delectable. I def will be back.Sushi and grilled oysters highly recommended. Attentive service and big portions. Coordinate with your other dinner mates to not over order. Thanks Simin!The food was great! The ox tale base was awesome and SoYoun was a great server. Would definitely come back!The meat dishes are very good.  The prices are a bit high. Unusual choices.  Will go there again when I we need to taste something different.I was excited to try Chubby Cattle for the first time, let me just say it is indeed the best I've had in china town. Thank you Shan Shan (our waitress)for such a good experience. I ordered the tomato ox tail broth, The soup base is absolutely one of the best I've had, does not taste like MSG flavored. The food was good from start to finish, I highly recommend there most popular wagyu beef , it is AMAZING! So tender melts in your mouth feeling. I love there presentation as well. They have everything that we asked for. everything is prepared fresh.I hope their quality stays this good, I would have to warn you though that this is not the average priced hot pot restaurant, it can be very pricey $$$ esp depending on how much wagyu you order, And do remember to make reservations as they will be super bzWalk-in and waited for about 40min, not too bad. The restaurant smells good and looks tidy. We sat in the middle lane, in which you can take plates from the band. Smaller portion, which is better for trying more types. We also ordered beef tongue and lamb. Everything is delicious! The only thing- the wagyu rice was way too soft. Anyway, worth coming backOne of the best hot pot places in Philly. The environment and the food are very good. Everything is prefect. Our server Stephen is one of the nicest servers I ever met. Trust me, this place is worth to try.Tried it with friends for the first time.  We thought it had a trendy decor and a unique conveyor belt with small dishes that rotated throughout restaurant.  The broth was very flavorful, our favorite was the original and ox tail.  The presentation of the dishes were great and Instagram worthy! And the servers were nice and polite.  However, sadly it's not all you can eat and you can easily spend upwards of $50 per person.  And they do not have a sauce bar either.  But, they do bring out a tray with garlic, chili oil, scallion, and their own dipping sauce at the beginning so you can adjust your broth though.  They had the same hot pot items as hippot shabu shabu. I think we would go back to hippot next time since it's the same hot pot items for way cheaper.  Even though the broth is better here and you have the option of wagyu beef we much prefer the quantity you get at hippot.Came here for hotpot and I ordered the original house soup. The soup was flavorful and tasty. For hotpot, ordered the beef combo, soft tofu, duck feet, and mushroom basket. The beef combo came with 3 different cuts, they were all fresh and delicious. The mushroom basket had a variety of about 5-6 different types if i recall correctly, it was nice to be able to try all them. The presentation of everything was really nice, great for pictures! The duck feet was disgusting, they were stale and probably sat around the conveyor belt too long. Service was subpar, the waitress never came to check on our meal to ask if we need anything else or refill us. Unlike most other hotpot places, chubby cattle did not have a sauce station/bar, which I found disappointing. They did give us a tray/basket of ingredients to add to a sauce they gave us, but I would have rather made my own from scratch.We had an awesome dinner last night and it was our first time here. We were so impressed. The food was so delicious. Our server Way was so nice, friendly yet professional and he gave us good recommendation. We had Miso and tomato ox tail broth, mixed Beef combo , fish ball, some noodles. Everything was so delicious and great quality. Definitely will be back.Went here for my sisters birthday. We added our party to the waitlist through yelp..I highly recommend as it can get pretty busy with lines out the door. When we arrive we were seated within 15 mins which is not too bad. We had the oxtail broth and the devils broth (lots of oil in the broth...I'm not sure if that is normal). Meat/seafood was fresh. We also got a spice tray brought to the table. Overall, great experienceSo this place has been in construction for the a while and opened late last year and finally decided to make a visit to try. My visit resonated all the other reviews. The ingredients were fresh, tasty and is definitely a higher grade above typical hot pot places. The environment is nice cause it doesn't leave you smelling like food like other places and the individual hot pots are nice. However, the prices do add up after making sure everyone was filled and we spent about $60/per person before tips. I didnt care for the fact that they charge you for a soup base even with higher menu prices. The waiter said the combo feeds about 2-3 people, which i dont think is accurate unless you order everyone one of the combos, which we did (and more). Highlights were the beef and seafood combo, which gave you nice quality items, but definitely not too filling. The homemade noodles are delicious also. The rainbow dumplings are definitely very lack luster as i dont think there were any real soup when biting into them, plus you have to put them in the hot pot to cook, which i expected like a regular soup dumpling. 
Overall, its a good place to try for the beef and fresher ingredients, but i'll probably go to another hot pot place in the future.My first time at chubby cattle and not a disappointment! Everything was great.. from service to food quality! I'm very big on customer service and Our server ZOEY was so nice and very attentive. Food was amazing. Must try!Chubby Cattle has ruined any other regular hot pot joint. My friends and I were so spoiled by the quality of the food that came out for us! We got the tomato oxtail broth that was simp delightful. We tried the Aburi Wagyu Foie Gras Nigiri that was out of this world. It was, hands down, one of the best things we have ever eaten. The wagyu beef brisket is sliced finely and so fresh. We also tried the short rib with egg, and it was SENSATIONAL! It was like a flavor bomb in your mouth. Delish. The service was also something worth noting. Our server, Erika, was very attentive and made sure that we were happy with our meal the whole way through. The food runners were also quick to bring us our broths and meat! We had a wonderful experience at Chubby Cattle, and can't wait to get back. :)I love this place! The hotpot food comes in a conveyor belt in small portions, which means we get to sample more varieties of food. The wagyu beef is awesome, both for hotpot and for rice bowl. Will definitely come back.Loved it. Excellent quality meat at a good price. Service was great and the waiters were very attentive. The wagyu was really high quality with a ton of marbling. The spicy pot (even entry level) has a ton of spice which I loved (but for a white boy I have a very high tolerance for spice so take that with a grain of salt).The beef is a absolutely outstanding. But there is BBQ service, unliked what it's advertised. Food is priced very reasonable and service is great.  We walked in at 9;15 pm in a Wednesday and after we ordered, we found that happy hour starts from 9:30 to 11:30 (dish is buy one get one free). We found out at 9:40 pm and the waiter said too late to take the advantage..: so please do try to take advantage of it.This was a great experience! Such a unique place and a great dining experience. The waiting staff is excellent and really make it such a great atmosphere. I love coming here with my friends and family. The brisket is absolutely  delicious and the sweet corn is phenomenal.Individualized hot pot with Wagyu beef & Asian vegetables! Top service with Vicky. I chose the numbing spicy broth & loved it but then I had to sweat & blow my nose often. Perfect place for a two hour lunch spot to bond with my family.Awesome food! Portions are well sized. Got the beef combo platter, the veggie combo and the noodle combo. Great food, maybe pass on the noodles next time and try the mushroom combo! Way is great! Pretty popular, so may have to wait a bit for a table.My new go to for hotpot. Definitely a must try if you're in Chinatown or Philly. I had the original broth, ordered the wagu beef and pork belly along with various veggies and addins. The staff is super friendly and attentive and the ambiance is modern and warm. It got a little loud at times but the food was fresh and so good I didn't do much talking anyway. No question I'll be back and trying a different broth!Amazing place, probably by far the best hot pot in china town. Very friendly staff, high quality food! Love the fact that we don't need to get up to get our sauce. Will come back for sure!Wandering the streets of Chinatown outside of our Airbnb, we stumbled upon Chubby Cattle. The wait was long (just over an hour, prime time on a Saturday night), but the wait was SO worth it! Some of the best food I have ever had! Ruoshi, our server, was so helpful & attentive as it was our first visit to a hot pot restaurant. On top of her excellence, the entire waitstaff & hostess were so accommodating, kind, and helpful. The hostess apologized profusely for our wait, even though she didn't need to. The other members of the waitstaff continued to check on us throughout our meal to ensure that we were having a great experience and didn't have any questions, but they didn't hover or check so frequently that it became bothersome. A definitive 5-star experience and I will definitely visit again the next time I'm in town!Make sure you know how long you need to wait... even you are on the waitlist from the yelp. We join the waitlist and arrive on time, we still need to wait another 45 mins more... besides that, everything is good.Great place for a hot pot meal! Michi was awesome assisting us with the menu and explaining everything, since it's our first time going there. Will definitely go back again.Super bougie interior, don't come here if you're on your last dime. But, other than that. Pretty cool place. Conveyor belt ingredients for the hotpot, good mix of fresh meat. Good quality food overall and an experience I won't forget. Can't really hate on the price bc you're def paying for the experience. Come here if you wanna stunt on your friends.This place is great. A great place to start for first timers would the ox tail broth, beef combo platter, and noodle combo platter. The Noodles are out of this world! All of them. Let them hang out in your broth and they will get plump and flavorful. Amazing.Chubby Cattle may be my new favorite place in Chinatown Philly. Hot pot is one of my favorite meals and Chubby Cattle perfected the experience. We had the choice of each picking our own bases which we went with the beginner spicy. Even though it says beginner, it's anything but. You can pick your different meats, vegetables, noodles, and fish balls from the menu when you sit down. Once they bring everything to you, you then will have the choice to pick from the conveyor belt going around the restaurant. The prices are expensive but it is a treat for once in a while type of meal. Also the wait times can be very long so be prepared.Keep reading everyone! Fun place good music, nice and friendly environment, food is great! Brandon was our waiter he was very dedicated and loves his job. Great guy I don't really have anything negative to say about him! And this is for the free ice cream that they ask you to write a review. Thank You! But $95 dollars later not including tip i expected wayyy and when I say wayyy it's WAYYY more food! still left the place hungry and kind of feeling ripped off ...shish-kabobs were great but it was the smallest kabob I have ever seen lmao and at 6,99$ EACH! I ate it in one bite literally hot pot comes with no side dishes  No liquor license so no alcohol at all. Their coconut drink was good but again just too expensive my girl picked this place and we both love food so for those prices we might as well of went to a nice steak house downtown, or some other 5 star restaurant and this place is defiantly not. The only things I really enjoyed there is the small Kabobs, ice cream, the coconut drink, and the service, kabobs were good so I don't know what the hell the chef is thinking serving portions like that. Sooo..yeah if you have money to blow and leave hungry but happy with your server at this time, this is the place for you!!!  Hopefully when they get that lounge running it will most likely be a lot better and more fun. One more thing-  don't tell your customers to write a yelp review for free ice cream  which was small as hell too! Would I go back maybe after they open a lounge! And drop their prices a bit.First time here and second time at a Hot pot. I gotta say it's a very pleasant experience with great food. Both vegetarian and carnivorous friendly. Staff is very friendly and helpful. The wait is long but definitely worth it. I would recommend to anyone and everyone who wants to try something new. The server Brandon was very helpful with our experienceThe food was great.  A little overpriced but expected based on the ambiance.  
What really put us off was the wait staff, they are very understaffed.  The entire restaurant was full and there're only 2 waiters in total.  The manager was helping out as well but it's just too overwhelming for the wait staff.   They messed up our order and made us wait a super long time for raw food.The service was excellent. Our server Soo Young explained the whole process so well. Overall a great experience and solid food.Erika is the best! Great service:) Food is great! Will come back again! Food is very freshGreat food. Decent service. Horrible reservation methods. I can't knock them too much for that as it is a new restaurant in Philly and only 1 of maybe 3 actual legit hot pot places in the city.Best to join the wait list on yelp to cut the time In half.  Wayne was great! He gave us great recommendations for us 1st timers. Loved the soup broth of original and tomato oxtail. Will be back.Excellent experience. Menu was interesting and unique. Food was high quality and very fresh. The service was very good, the servers were very attentive and helpful! Would definitely recommend.This is new hotpot place in Chinatown. They has really good foiegras and uni sushi! Check the spot here!This place is really fun and the service is very friendly! Shout out to Zoey for her kindness!Food is great! They are not playing around! The price is a bit prohibitive for most but if you can make it past that there is so much great about this place! The conveyor belt is fun and you get perfect quantities to allow you to have just enough of that nieche pick! Very much recommend this place if you can afford to get full here!
A quick edit: The price is 100% justified for the quality. Their house made noodles are beautiful, abundant, and delicious. Meat is amazing quality. There is so much to love. It doesn't feel like a steal but you get what you paid for, every penny.Great place! Broth was terrific, especially the oxtail and tomato. Ingredients were fresh and plentiful with awesome wagyu beef and very authentic mushroom basket. Good for date night or with the family on a lazy Saturday. Erika and the other servers did a great job and were always attentive.It is a lovely evening in historical downtown Philadelphia. Just adjacent to the Liberty Bell, you will discover Chinatown as well as Chubby Cattle. Tonight, my server was Michi and along with the delightful, fresh ingredients, she was wonderful. Michi helped me prepare my savory shrimp, luscious lamb and tender beef. 
Chubby Cattle and Michi are not to be missed if you're hungry in Philly!I don't usually like hot pot but I loved this place. Broth was super savory and flavorful, and meats were superbThis is my first time come here and definitely I come back next time. My friend recommended me to the chubby cattle restaurant in Chinatown Philadelphia. It's take one hour waiting but it's worth your time a lot. If you have time to patience waiting the foods here is very good and the staff is friendly good service. The staff doesn't rushing you which is excellent. I definitely recommend my family and friends come here to eat.Love this place. The service is excellent. The waitresses are fun and amazing. They know what they're talking about. The food is top notch. Don't hesitate to come and enjoy their food.Awesome!!! Words escape me. . The meat combo was great. We also ordered a veggie platterWe didn't even get to eat here. We made a reservation for 7 people, and they told us they could accommodate. It was an early reservation. They then call us and tell us that we need to be split up and if we want to sit together it would be an hour wait. What's the point of making a group reservation, and having a restaurant accept it, if we can't even sit together? Incredibly disappointed.This is my favorite hot pot to date. The ingredients are incredibly fresh and the presentation is out of this world. It is a culinary and artistic experience you won't forget! If you're a little tired of ordinary all you can eat hotpot, try chubby cattle out: the price you pay is definitely worth the food you get. Recommends: wagyu sushi and sashimi, meat and veggie platter with soup of choice. Will definitely be coming back to try out their other special entrees and such!Horrible wait list service. Signed in with yelp to be on the wait list before I left my house from an hour away. Was gonna take my wife there for her b-day. Got there 5 minutes before my supposed wait time. Was then told by the staff that I had to wait an extra 1.5 hours when I got there. Their waitlist is a joke. Can't comment too much on the food because my reservations were useless. Thanks for ruining my wife's birthday chubby cattle.Never once have I had a terrible experience at Chubby Cattle. Going for dinner with my family on Christmas Eve I feared the terrible service and a long wait. However, I was sorely mistaken. My waitress, Erika, was always on point with everything. From being patient enough for my family and I to make up our decisions (which believe me took a while) to always being there when we needed something. Honestly, this place never disappoints me and I can't wait to come back the next time.Service is great at Chubby Cattle. Our waitress new the menu very well and was very helpful in the decision process of what we ended up ordering.
I went with the entry level spicy broth - but be warned that it gives much more kick than you think. I think it would have been better to order the house broth and add hot oil to the regular broth to my liking.
In terms of food recommendations, I believe the meat sampler is a must - I went with a group of 3 and the meat sampler provided the perfect amount of food. Furthermore, the tiger prawns were great and super fun to pick up off the conveyer belt! However, I would think twice about ordering the fish balls, because preparation took way longer than anticipated and still hadn't arrived by the time we had finished our meal.
Definitely order the bok choi and corn to balance your meat dishes, as they are the perfect simple pairing. The side sauce is DIY and tailored to each member of your party's liking! My only critique is that the food options were a bit limited, because many popular items ran out by the time we sat down to order (8pm). Overall, Chubby Cattle provided a fun dining experience and it was the great environment to share with friends!Came here with a reservation for a large table (6+) on a weekday at 7pm and were seated very quickly.  The servers came and explained everything to us and brought over our drinks and sauces.
You can tailor the sauce to your liking since they have many add-ons for the sauce. We ordered all the combos: meat, seafood, veggie, mushroom, noodle, and meatball. Plus additional noodle and tofu sides. All of the food was delicious and fresh. The different noodles were definitely worth getting, especially because they make a good amount of their noodles in house!
The portions were a little small for the price so if you're hungry then I would suggest going to an AYCE place to not break the bank, but I had a great experience and would return again for a quality hot pot meal.Omgosh the wagyu Uni was melt in your mouth so good. It literally melted in my mouth. I wish my meal consisted of just wagyu uni nigiri, but that would be way too expensive.  
Anyway as for the hot pot experience the meat quality was really good. We got the meat combo, seafood combo, veggie combo and noodle combo. I think my favorite was the meat and the noodle. Noodles are made in house and it was chewy and soft. I love carbs what can I say. 
As for the broth, I got the spicy one and it was wayyyy too Spicy and a little salty for me. I love spicy food and I think my tolerance is pretty high but it was too much. Choose your broth wisely. Lol I think it really makes or breaks the hot pot experience.Big fan of hot pot and was excited when I heard Chubby Cattle was coming to Philly. Did not disappoint. Everything was really good - would suggest sticking with the meat over the seafood though. Tried the house broth which was really flavorful - will try the spicy one next time. Our server Way was attentive and helpful. Would recommend - check this place out if you're into hotpot.this is one of my favorite hot pot spots in Philly! great service, my server that night was a really chill guy named Way! amazing food w/ reasonable prices! we also got free ice cream :)) will def be coming back here soon!!Go see Zoey and get some Wagyu Brisket Hotpot! .  
The food was delicious and you have so many options on the menu you'll never eat the same meal twice.serving sizes are plentiful.. The wagyu brisket came with enough meat to make a hot roast beef sandwhich. The service is attentive and friendly! 
I was a little confused by the conveyor belt, seems unnecessary but it's fun to look at.Great food great service by Brandon!! Although the pork sausage was too porky but all of the beef dish was great!!!I have not had a lot of hot pot, but Chubby Cattle makes me want to change that. We stopped by at 5pm on a Friday and were the 2nd group of people in the restaurant. The waitstaff was incredibly friendly and helpful, including when helping us pack up our still-hot leftovers.
We got the Oxtail Tomato Broth and Mid-Level Hellishly Spicy Broth...mid-level hell is pretty demonic. We got the beef combo (too much for 2 people!) and noodle combo (good for 2 people) and fried tofu to soak up the broth. 
Two tips: wear dark clothing you are OK getting grease on and cut your noodles before cooking them: those slippery suckers are hard to pick up and fling broth all over the place!