Holy macaroni!!! This pizza is AMAZING! Get there early because the line starts to form before they open and often times sell out! So worth the wait! Bring beer or wine and sit outside!!! So so so good!!!!!i've lived a block away from circles + squares for ~1.5 years and always saw the lines and heard the rave reviews, but never ventured inside, thinking that it couldn't possibly live up to the hype. i was wrong. it's delicious. and definitely as good as everyone says it is, if not better. i got the classic cheese square, which was perfect. looking forward to delving into the world of toppings and circles soon. 10/10 would recommend.This pizza is up there with Di Fara in Brooklyn. Amazing. Life changing pizza that ruins all other pizza spots.Favorite pizza in Philly. Cash only and BYOB, the spot is intended to be a takeaway joint. 
The square pie is what put Pizza Gutt on the map, it's Detroit style and some have referred to it as a focaccia style pizza which is semi accurate. The round pie is fantastic though as well.
Waits can be quite long (60 to 90 min on a Friday or Saturday), so I recommend coming early on a Wednesday or Thursday.
They cook their pizzas well done, but if you don't like a lite char, let them know and they'll gladly cook it how you prefer. They also take a lot of pride in their ingredients, every pizza I've had has been fantastic.One of the best pizza's in Philly. Had the square, do not know what the circle tastes like, however I heard that it was just as good. Get there early before they sell out.One of our sons wanted us all to meet here last night, so we ventured across town from South Philly to Firth and Tulip, expecting to be eating in an air conditioned space. Our son texted just before we arrived that there was only outdoor seating. The heat index was 102-degrees. But he insisted we wouldn't be sorry if we stayed, so we sat down, popped open the cold beers we brought, and ordered 3 pizzas for the 5 of us: white square with shiitakes, pepperoni circle, and one square tomato. Although the circle was excellent, with good quality pepperoni and just the right amount of everything else, it was the squares that took our breath away. The dough is focaccia-like, thick and light and delicious, and there is a crunchy charred-cheese edge around the entire pie. Never had anything like it. Definitely worth braving the heat.Square pie is hands down the best pizza in Philly. Circle pie is very good too. Dan and the staff work their asses off to turn out a consistently good product. Can't say enough good things about this place.Other than the best pizza EVER, I really just would say, go early if you want pizza, especially on the weekend. Pretty much a take-out place, however, you could eat there as there are a few tables in the back. Parking is pretty easy there. I had the "square" first, will try the circles next. I just got the cheese (vegetarian). I very rarely give 5 stars for pizza, but I could not help it.Had the square with anchovies and plain round and yes this is some good pizza. Luckily we live in the neighborhood and can easily walk in and order and come back in 45 minutes for the pizza. I understand why they don't have a phone yet. It is a small operation but big flavor pizza. What a cute review.Best pizza in Philly. We've tried a lot of pizza in Philly and this place is the bees knees. Order the square pie with literally anything and you won't regret it. Circle pies are also extreme quality. 
Keep in mind 3 things when you go: it's cash only, there's not a ton of seating available (mostly outdoors), and it's BYO. These are not negative things, they're just facts. 
Pro move would be to swing by Philadelphia Brewing Co, pick up some beer, then walk over to Circles + Squares and order a few square pies. 
You're welcome.AMAZING. The square pizza is actually to die for. Cash only, but so worth it. Don't hesitate and go there right now.This place is so freaking good it basically ruined all other pizza for me. By far the best pie I've ever had. The guy is a true artist. The classic square pie is EVERYTHING! Salty, crispy, crunchy, chewy, tangy, gooey. You will cry. Get there early-- they sell out every night. You'll have an hour to kill after you order so grab a drink at Memphis tap in the meantime.1 hour wait on a Friday night- got the last pie. Worth the wait! Cash only. Great pie!Circles and squares are both on the top of their game. Pizza had been ruined for us all, including my 2 year old daughter who note scoffs at most other pizza.  We have been coming about once a week since they opened, and always get one upside down circle pie and a cheese square. Will try more soon, but it's so great that we feel crazy changing it up. Gutter is so nice and so positive that the place had the most positive vibes! Watch out for long waits from 6-7 and check the Instagram for alerts and sellout notifications (usually by 9pm)The shop may be small but the flavors are big. Always greated with a smile. The circles are great with a slightly charred crust in spots and a great melt on the cheese. The dough itself has a great flavor to it. The sauce is light and it makes for a circle that can't be missed.When you're best bud has a case of the mumbles and orders  you the wrong pie. These lovely humans made me another one without any issues. Top notch customer service. Don't go in there ordering wrong pies just speak up fam. Circles and squares rocks!!!Simply the best pizza in town. Got a few pies last week with my friends who had just returned from a trip to Italy. They remarked that Circles and Squares was just as good, if not better, than any of the pizza they had on their trip. I think that really says something!Best pizza in the city. Squares with the crispy cheesy edges and the circles are just so good.This place is going to be around for a long time. After winning best pizza destination in Philly 2018, the owner Dan Gutter finally opened his own place. Both the circular style and square style are both great but the crispy edges on the squares give it the edge for me. Sauce has great balance of acidity and sweetness and the crust has great texture. Simple, traditional toppings but elevated to another level. Look forward to seeing what the chef comes up with next! Brand new shop with an old school feel that leaves you eating more slices than you thought you could. Can't wait to go back. Worth every penny and you will be satisfied for sure.My friends and I arrived 10 min after it opened to place our order and there were already at least 5 orders before us!
We ordered all square pies: white pie with shiitake, spinach, and bacon, cheese pie, and tomato with sausage and peppers. They took about 20-25 min to make and came out smelling amazing! 
All of them were delicious, our group favorite was the white pie, which had a lot of great flavor and was super cheesy. The crusts are thick which make them filling despite their 12x12 inch size. The bottom and crust of the pies (except tomato, which is vegan) all had a layer of cheese which gave it some nice crispness on the edges. The bread was definitely oily but worth the calories.
A great pizza place if you want that thick deep dish like pizza, I'll definitely be back for more!Out of all the pizzas I've tried in Philly, this is THE BEST! I rarely go to Kensington but when I read all the rave reviews, I had to try it for myself. It did not disappoint! 
I went on a Wednesday 15 minutes before they opened and there was only one person ahead of me. By the time they opened at 5 pm, there was about 8 people behind me so make sure to get there early!
I ordered the Cheese Square for $17 and waited about 15 minutes for it to be ready. The Square pizzas have 6 slices and I was stuffed after eating 2. 
The bread it the best part of the Squares. It's thick and reminded me of focaccia bread. It had the perfect amount of cheese and sauce (which tasted really fresh). 
Staff is friendly. Place is really small so don't plan on eating there. Street parking only. 
Do not miss out on Circles and Squares, you will not be disappointed!Honestly this is one of if not the best pizza I have ever had in my life (and I've had a lot). I do not like square or thick crust pizza as a general rule and yet Dan's Detroit style with the crusty cheese edges just does it for me. I make it a point to try and get in once every couple weeks (on Wednesday as to avoid the line). Come for the square with pepperoni and/or one of the best alternative pizza toppings, pickled peppers, but stay for the almost as good thin crust with shiitakes which are better than most mushrooms on any pizzas. Must stop for a pizza lover.Went on a Saturday night and they were sold out of circles so I got a square. It took a little over an hour but was well worth the wait.The kind of pizza you fantasize about. Worth breaking any and every diet for. I would it everyday if I could.This is the best pizza in Philly. I would literally bite a small child to be able to get this pizza at a discount, the crust is everything. I hope dan is single because god I love this man!We had an adult pizza party on Thursday that consisted of pizza of my dreams, 12 people and lots of booze. Even with 4 circle and 4 square pizzas, we had more than enough leftovers. My favorite was hands down the square white pizza with bacon and mushrooms.there's a special place in my heart reserved for this pizza. last time we ordered a square pepperoni and onion and a circle with mushrooms w green peppers. circles.... squares... they're both delicious. can't wait to go back.The absolute best pizza in the Philadelphia area. Square or circle you can't go wrong although Daniel gutter is the king of Square pizza. The top is a pillow heaven while the bottom is crunchy goodness. Wow. Best pizza ever. I come once a week if not sold out. Love this pizza so much!!!Best pizza in the world. TTP - Trust The Pizza.Absolutely incredible!  Ordered 1 cheese circle (very thin crust) pizza and 1 cheese square (thick crust) pizza for 3 of us to share.  Both were awesome and the best in Philly.  The consensus was the square pie won because of the crusty cheese on the edges, the incredible lightness of the dough and the proportion of cheese to sauce.  Unfortunately, really long wait times, only open limited hours and days, street parking is non-existent.  Cash Only and BYO.I've been obsessed with this pizza since they were operating out of Win Win coffee bar. So happy to see he's got his own place now. This is seriously the Best pizza I've ever had in Philly. 
Look at the photos... they speak for themselves! The crust is so fluffy on the square pizza, which is my favorite. Every pizza on the menu you can't go wrong. Add toppings, customize, whatever you want. This pizza is a delicious work of art! 
Cash only. You need to  arrive approx 30 mins prior to doors opening or the pizzas will be sold out within the hour. Also, not much seating inside, so carry out or take your pizza to nearby Philly Brewing to eat it. So delicious!! Worth the wait. 100%Went on a Friday night with my boyfriend and ordered a square pie with sausage and pickled peppers. I wanted to try a circle because I've had a few square pies back from the Win/Win days, but it was my bf's first visit so we had to do square =)  It took about an hour and we walked over to Memphis Taproom for a few beers and came back right when our pizza was coming out of the oven.  It was absolutely fantastic-- apparently "ruined all other pizza" for him, and we will definitely be back for a circle soon.Perfect pizza. I have only had the Square but I've been to dozens of the best pizza places (apizza Scholls, amodern, all the New Haven spots, and many more) and this is my favorite (tied with Apizza scholls in Portland and Delancey in Seattle- both different styles). They are nailing it here.  My only issue is that I don't live right next door. I'd volunteer here just to be around this pizza if I could.Best Detroit Pizza in PHILLY hands down!  I travel from Plymouth Meeting in the middle of rush hour to get his square crack pies :)  Thats over an hour and a half commute.    That Dan G is a damn wizard or more likely a Voodoo witch doctor.I am a pizza expert so trust me when I say that this is excellent pizza! I've been a fan for a long time and was thrilled when their permanent shop opened on my street. I don't believe in fate, but man, if this isn't a sign I don't know what is. The pizza is perfect. I am def more of a square person but was impressed by the round, too! I was concerned when, after anxiously waiting for my first square pizza (half hot peppers and mushrooms, half plain), to see that the box was small. Don't worry! It is the correct size and there is plenty of pizza in the box (and I am a hungry lady). The people working there are super friendly, always working so hard, with good jams on in 100+ degree heat. They always seem to have fun while making delicious pizza, which they obviously take quite seriously.My wife and I had the Square Pie a few weeks ago when we were visiting Philly.  It is quite simply some of the best Pizza I have ever had.  Everything about it is perfect.  I really love the crispy cheese on the edge.  And the crust is not too thick or heavy. Just the right amount of crisp and airyness. The sauce is fantastic too. My only regret is that we didn't try the round pie.  We live a few hours away in Maryland, but are already trying to figure out a good time we can make the trip back to Philly, just for this pizza. Just incredible.I live in the burbs, and this is worth the hour drive.  The square with pep is stupid good.  Will try the circle on my next trip.Probably the best pizza in Philly. Possibly the best pizza I've ever had.. 
Circles + Squares is a small no frills spot. We had 45 minutes to kill after order our pie but there are plenty of bars nearby to grab a beer and wait. When your pizza is ready you can take it to go or sit outside at one of the tables outside.
Gutter is serving up some THICK crust pizza. I always thought I was a thin crust type, but that all changed the first time I ate this pizza. We went with a square white pie and topped it with spinach, bacon, and shiitake mushrooms. Killer combo recommended by the woman who took our order  I can't wait to go back and try more combinations.Never had pizza quite like this. Every single bite, of any section of the square pie, was incredible. The caramelized crust and bottom of the pizza were crunchy. The dough was somewhat chewy. The sauce is $#^!ing delicious dude. The cheese melted perfectly. I savored every bite, and I can't stop thinking about getting another pie. That flavor, so savory, really sticks with you. Not necessarily in ranking order, as the square pie is quite different, but Beddia and Gutt are best in the city no doubt.After make the online reservation on Monday afternoon to insure I can
get a couple both circle and square type of pizza.  The pick up is convenience, you receive the text when it is ready.  $55 cash for two
pizza, square one was cut into 6 pieces and circle one was cut into 8 pieces.  One is red and one is white.  The thick one of white square is
taste better on the bread.  Otherwise nothing special.  May not worth
the trip. Next one to try Angelo's pizza for compare.I have been a huge fan of this pizza since the Pizza Gut location and followed to the opening of Circles and Squares. The new circle pies are just as great as the squares! Dan and Hagen do a great job keeping everything moving and creating a warm environment. So glad to have them in the neighborhood!I hate restaurants that are stuck in the dark ages and only accept cash. This place also does a terrible job taking orders by phone so I am usually stuck ordering in person and then forced to wait around for my za because I live on the other side of town. 
Anyways I find myself driving out there on a regular basis to bring home a square pie topped with cheese. The white pie is ard, the red sauce makes the square pie. 
I've had the circle pie in the past but the square pie is where it is at. 
One square pie has six slices. I'm usually a 4 slice guy and so is my wife so we are usually hungry after we polish off our pie. 
I hate to love this place. I wish the pizza was terrible so I wouldn't have to hit the ATM up all the time and wait on site half an hour for pizza every time I craved their delicious square pie.Beautiful and delicious pies!! No phones and you need to head over to place your order an hour before you want to eat it but it is so incredibly worth it. The square pizza is probably the best I have ever had- both the tomato/cheese one and the white one. The 3 employee operation is so nice and gracious for every order, it makes coming in even better. So please go to Circles + Squares if you want some of the best pizza in the city and know that it's fully worth any wait.So a quick review. The crust is out of this world!  Perfect crunch with a great salty taste form the delicious cheese to the edge of the pie. I went with the white pizza and the amount or cheese was perfect. The quality of the cheese was top notch. Now for the toppings. I went with sausage, spinach and shiitake mushrooms. The was a great combo. I'm not sure why a pizza would come with mushrooms other than a shiitakes. I'm from metro Detroit and this is my desired style of pie. With all of this being said this is the best pizza I have had in a long time!WOW if I could give 10 stars I would. 
Amazing pizza and even better service
Circles and squares knows what they're doing. 
Hands down the best pizza i have ever had and I'm pretty sure I'm gonna be dreaming about the white pizza until I can taste it again. 
The crust of the Detroit pizza is to die for nice and crispy with the inside dough some how light and fluffy.
My only regret was not getting more toppings as the mini pepperonis were cooked to perfection 
We also reheated slices over the next two days as we tried to savor every last slice and it reheats perfectly in the oven!Honestly some of the best pizza in Philadelphia. Truly special. I would recommend getting a circle & a square pie to start, as they both have something unique to offer. Get there EARLY! First few times I tried to go they were sold out already, which makes sense...this is some amazing za that shan't be missed lest ye deprive thyself of a magical wondrous olfactory & glottic extravaganza. FOR REAL!
1loveThis is easily my favorite pizza spot.   Everytime we go we go we tell ourselves that we are going to pick up a pie and make it home to watch a movie with it.  Everytime we end up pulling over to eat "just one slice".  Next thing we know we are still parked in the same spot, and the pizza box is empty.   Absolutely delicious pizza.WOW!!! The long awaited Gutt establishment met all the hype. Thoughtful staff & the deep dish (squares) this city needed!THE. BEST. PIZZA! And yes I can say that cause I've tried it all (the trendy spots, the random slice while out walking around the city, the neighborhood spots that've been around for decades, the Pizza Hut within Target, supermarket pizza, chain restaurant pizza, pizza in cities all over the place, etc). I love this place!!! I went to Win Win a bunch of times to get it and now that it's within a few blocks of my house, I happily spend too much time there. They know my name and my order and I'm proud of that shit! It's all fucking deadly but I typically go for a square cheese with pepperoni and a square white with spinach. Cool staff! Great location! AMAZING PIZZA!Pizza is amazing.  The squares are where it is at.  But they have a limited amount of dough for such a great pizza so get there early ( you will have to wait either way because the line forms 15 - 20 minutes before they open).The pizza really is THAT good. Get there early, and plan on taking the pizza home- if you are lucky you will get to sit at one of the few chairs though, but it's the type of pizza that lasts and tastes good no matter whether it's piping hot or room temperature.Fantastic Detroit style pizza!   I'm a pizza nut and travelled 45min each way for Dans highly addictive pies.  Tip for peeps coming from out of the area, get there early , If you aren't one of the first in line, you may end up waiting another 45min to an hour for your pizza to cook.  Oh, it's well worth the wait chatting with all the other pizza nuts waiting along right next to you.  Just typing this up is making me hungry, I'm now reheating a leftover pepperoni square from last night......and it's 9:30amBoth the circles and squares are very good. Good cheese, toppings and sauce balance on both.
The squares are thicker than your typical Sicilian or Northeast Philly style square pie, probably the same amount of dough so it's shorter in length and width. Good pan crispyness along the edges, and the rectangular pieces carry toppings well.
The circles are better than most, but not quite as good as the best of Philly. The ones i've had could use just a bit longer in the oven to brown the crust. If you're not on board with chewier Philly dough, and expect a saltine crust straight out of brooklyn, you may not like it.
It's a hole in the wall, and you're basically stepping into a furnace. I'm not fond of cash only places where you can't call ahead, but this is one of the rare ones that's worth it.Not only is this the best pizza in Philadelphia, it's the best in the country.  The fact that there are now two contenders for that honor within the same zip code is sort of insane, but here we are.  The circles are fabulous and really highlight the perfect sauce, and the squares are all about the dough and cheese and the way they compliment one another.  Get over there and order more than you think you need.Their square pies are the best pizza I've ever had. DeFinitely worth the wait no where else is the neighborhood comparesThe square pie is the best pizza in the city, red or white. The dough is unreal; it's taste is so good and can't put a finger in why but each bite gets better and better. The circle pies are also very good. Definitely a must have!Definitely the best square pie I've ever had in Philly. It's definitely on the pricier side but you get what you pay for. Some days there's a wild wait and other days there isn't but that's the charm in supporting a small, business. It's a take out spot with only a couple of seats inside but well worth the wait.Detroit style, best pizza in the city. And that's in a city and even in a short 2 mile area of some of the best pizza you'll ever have. 
TIP: follow on Instagram, check on weds for the link, you still need to make time slot reservations. It's worth it. 
Owner/pizza-making-guru use to sell pies out of the back of a dive bar using only Instagram to fulfill reservations. Now they've perfect the system. I can't believe I still haven't had a circle from here, but it's just too hard not to get the squares.Worth the hype and the wait. Heart goes into these delicious circles and squares. Fav pizza spot in philly. Truly a gemGo get yourself a square pie! As soon as possible!!!
I finally made my way down to the city to try this place after following the owner, Dan, on Instagram for over a year now. The pictures don't do this pizza justice. As the name indicates, he does circle pies and square pies baked in a pan. I got a square cheese pie with pepperoni. Dan and his girl are super welcoming... it's good to buy pizza from good people. I drove 40 minutes to get this pizza and on the ride home, I was dying from how good this pie smelled. It held up well; all I had to do was quickly pop it into the toaster oven when I got home. The pizza itself is so pillowy soft. It's like pizza on top of Texas toast or a croissant... unbelievably good. There is also plenty of char on the edges that give it great crunchy texture to counterbalance the soft center. The sauce has great umami flavor and the cheese is decadent as well. They also use the small pepperonis that curl up in the oven! I can't wait to come back here and get some more pies... you should too!If I had to eat pizza every day for the rest of my life (honestly, I wish) it would be a cheese square here.
Crispy and chewy crust! By far the best non-circle pizza I've ever had. It sounds like I'm over-exaggerating but I was blown away. 
We got here right at 5 on a Wednesday, we were told we'd be waiting 20 minutes, and 20 minutes later we had our pizza and ate outside. 
Service is simple and cash only. All the staff are friendly and very obviously care about what they do. I'm looking forward for the chance to come back.Lucky enough to get pies 3 times in 10 days.  2 squares and a circle 
Quite possibly the best Pizza I have ever eaten.  Very courteous staff and the Pies were ready within 2 minutes of our arrival.  Our new favorite joint!Indoor and outdoor seating. Cash only (there's an atm outside). A little pricey, and worth it. Friendly counter service. The pizza: Smells great tastes great. We got the plain square - perfect tasting sauce, crust was delightfully buttery and crunchy and thick, perfect amount of cheese. We got anchovies on the Circle pizza- also, very tasty!If you have any doubts about waiting for this pizza, put those to the side immediately. Put your stretchy pants on, grab your cash and head out the door right now with your head held high. 
First off, the smell of the pizza shop is like a Pavlov's dog experiment. Once the smell hits your nose you immediately start drooling. It smells absolutely delicious. 
Ordered the circle White and the square cheese. I would recommend that combo and in those specific shapes. The white pizza has a stronger flavor and goes amazing with the thin crust. The cheese pizza square crust is perfectly balanced between chewy and crunch. The marina sauce was made with love, just try it. You'll understand all the TLC that went into it. The flavors compliment each other really well too - going from pie to pie, alternating was definitely the way to do it.
Also their Instagram game is fire. 
Long story long, eat this pizza until you can't anymore and then keep eating. You'll thank me later.We ordered the square pizza, which reminded me of a Detroit style pizza. I liked the process of ordering ahead by reserving the pizza online. The pie was SO good. Super garlicky and the end pieces have crispy cheese all around the crust. Would get again next time I'm in the mood for a thicker slice. Need to come back and try the circle pizza.I've had this pizza a couple of times before he opened his own spot. One nice Wednesday off I decided to make the trip to see the shop. Showed up around 4:50 (the shop opens at 5) and was already third in line. The staff was friendly which always adds to an experience. I had a seat outside while my pie cooked and enjoyed the scenery and great smells of pizza. I love Detroit style pizza so I kept with a square with some pickled peppers (seriously order those). It was a phenomenal meal and, even better, the slices hold up for great left overs.The absolute best Detroit style pizza around, and in general. I've heard the circles are good but I can't stop getting the squaresMy favorite pizza- Haven't tried the Circle pizza yet because I HAVE to eat the Square!!!My absolute favorite pizza of all time! The square is unlike any other pie in the city. I tried the circle for the first time and it reminded me of NY pizza the crust was so good. I even had it for breakfast the next day and it was just as good. Circles + Squares is definitely my #1 choice. I can't wait to go back and if your pizza lover like me you must go!Pepperoni square and white circle is my favorite combination. The odd ordering system is fine by me, it gives me a sense that my pizza is getting the time and attention it needs...heck, maybe even love. The ingredients are quality and IMO best pizza in Philly.I don't have any pictures because we've literally devoured our pizza as soon as it arrived. We ordered a circle pie once and it was decent but not memorable. But one day when my partner was craving pizza (it was also 99 degrees outside) I went and all they had left was a square. I snatched up the prize, and was worried about it only having six slices. I even requested additional cheese and they warned me against doing so.
No worries, I picked up a ham and cheese hoagie in case the pizza couldn't feed the two of us. (We have big apetites). Anyway I get home and the pizza is oozing with cheese and sauce with a buttery and crunchy crust made out of the cheese, reminding me of the burnt pieces of cheese I appreciate when I'm cooking chicken parm. 
We ate those slices and for me by my second slice I was filled with the thick piece of crust below that was solid enough to hold the cheese and sauce. My partner who is very particular, said this is now his fave pie. 
Pro tip: go place your order and come back. Don't wait outside, esp. if its hot. Cash only! There's a small ATM.Finally tried the square pizza here and it did not disappoint. This pizza is not for the faint of heart; she is thick. I should've stopped at one slice but got greedy and ate a second slice and was full for the next six hours. The pizza sauce was excellent -- extremely flavorful (but very dense). The crust is similar to good focaccia bread with a crispy edge. I can't tell if the square here is just a greasy pizza in general or if it was mostly from the added pepperoni but the bottom was coated with grease. It was good nonetheless but this is not something I can handle eating more than just a few times a year. I usually go for thin crust so I will definitely be back to try their circle one of these days. Tip: If you want that extra crisp after you've brought your pizza home, heat your oven to 375 and heat the pizza for 8-10 minutes. I did this with my second slice and wished I had done it earlier!The best pizza in Philly and the best customer service. Prior to COVID you literally had to be there within the first hour of opening because they sell out so quick..
Now it's reserve and pick up at your slotted time. Quality is still the same. Hagen who handles the money and the Instagram account is so nice and Dan (Pizza Gutt) is one of the coolest people I know.Nice people making good food. Pizza is consistently delicious. High quality ingredients, just order some it's the best.Had the square cheese with pepperoni. It was fresh out of the oven when I picked it up. The crust was fluffy and chewy with a crisp exterior. The sauce and cheese were good quality. I absolutely loved it! The woman at the counter was very friendly and fast. I can't wait to try the white pie next.I believe this is the best square pizza in Philadelphia. The tomato sauce to cheese ratio is perfect, and the tomato sauce is really good. And the crust, wow! It lives up to the hype! Chewy, crispy, and so flavorful! The ordering process is a bit clunky (you have to order through their site days in advance). But it is worth the wait and inconvenience.We stumbled on this place when another nearby restaurant we were trying to go to was closed. We had no idea just how popular this place is or anything about their ordering system. I'm not sure if this is just how they operate during Covid or always but you will need to pre-order your pies on their site and pick them up because they have a limited amount of dough per day. Luckily for us they had extra dough that day and we were able to walk up and order. Service was friendly and so accommodating. We ordered a square white pie and a circle pie. Both were off the charts DELICIOUS!! 
Don't come unprepared like us. We got super lucky. We couldn't have been any happier with our pizzas!This place is definitely worth driving for and reserving a week in advance. Pizza is really solidThis place is fantastic!!!! The pizza is 5+ stars. I used to get this at w/n w/n quite often so I knew what to expect-this pizza is my favorite. Glad to see the place expanding-it's so nice and clean.  I had the cheese and white pizza- they were delicious. Definitely make the trip here-you won't be disappointed!!!Amazing pizza! Best pizza in the city!! 
Love supporting a small business like this that's trying to scale!