Most of the food is mediocre and the delivery drivers are very rude and drive dangerously and aggressively. Most of the staff inside are nice, but the cashiers can be a bit abrasive on the phone and make ordering difficult and often screw up simple orders. The deserts are decent.. Hygiene is questionable.Order stated 30-45 minutes; received in 50 minutes.  Pizza is very good and same price as Dominos but better quality.  Delivery guy was polite.  Will order again!Good pizza. Great Chicken Caesar Salad! Delicious grilled chicken, homemade croutons, and huge! I highly recommend it!I'm not always sure I got what I ordered, but what they deliver is always good! They deliver quickly.Their pizza is okay but they are extremely resistant to making pies that are half one specialty and half another.  Worth trying other places.This is the WORST experience I have ever had . They made the pizza wrong they just threw a pile of veggies not cut or anything like soggy slob in the middle on top of the pizza , they took 1Hoir and 45Minutes on a weekday to deliver , they said I put the wrong # when the order came they didn't read the delivery instructions ... It was cold and soggy I called to speak to a manager they kept making up names the girl who answered didn't know what to say Richie the manager got on the phone and spoke to me like I was some type of hoodlum off the corner and said " what yeah what's up I'm about to hang up on you if you're taking stupid " before I could even ask his name so I could tell EAT24 to fix this , then he screamed at me like I stole something. An threatened me the whole time the delivery guy heard the convo on both ends and knew Richie was wrong and gave me the cold soggy pizza free his intentions were good the delivery guy but at that point what could I even do with a pizza that was made like that cold soggy and was spoken to like a thug that stole something I've never in 33Years have had such a horrifying experienceThe food here is pretty good. I've had salads, hoagies, wraps, and a burger from here and everything was great. My only complaint is more than once I've ordered from them online and put a scheduled delivery time and they have been more than twenty minutes late without any notice. A few times when I've called to see where my food was, the lady on the phone was rude and seemed like I was wasting her time. I've worked in customer service before so I try to be as polite and understanding as possible. I would pick up my food but I teach and only have thirty minutes to eat lunch. The days where the delivery is late is very inconvenient and I barely have time to eat any of my food.DONT NOT ORDER HERE!!! i repeat ! DONT NOT ORDER HERE!!! please dont waste your time or money , i ordered what was suppose to be fried chicken ! which was baked chicken . my food was cold ! my mac & cheese had hair in it . when i called to let them know the person who takes the order told me they were closing n its nothing she can do about it ! i went up to the place n saw why i had hair in my food ..... no gloves on  , no hair nets !This is definitely my favorite pizza & cheese steak place when we come to Philly. We have now eaten cheese steak almost everywhere in Philly and here is our favorite. The staff is fun and friendly, and it makes it a nice atmosphere to stay and hang out, or take the food to go, or have it delivered. They are family owned and they care about their food quality and customers.  Highly recommended!!!I've ordered from here a few times and they have always meet my expectations.
I ordered a tomato pie with specific instructions and they followed them to the T!Management is incredibly rude and inconsiderate. I recall a snowstorm in which the staff was overbooked and delivery was delayed (understandable). However after 2 hours, I never received the status of my delivery. I called, to cancel because at that time I was leaving home. Management lied and said my order was on the way when I heard him ask his staff if my delivery was in the way (in which it wasn't). I politely asked to cancel. He said he couldn't because the card had already been charged. I challenged that because surely if you can charge a card you can reverse it as management. It wouldn't be a big deal but I wasn't going to be at home and I had been waiting for 2 hours. He insisted no. I said okay, I will just have to get the charge reversed via my bank account then. He yelled the food was on the way and to never call back again. Needless to say the food never came, as I left 30 minutes after the encounter. I will never give rude people my business. Shameful being that I thought this place had potential.I ordered the regular cheese pizza. I asked them to make it extra thin. It was great. I especially liked the crust. It had a great buttery flavor. They seem cheaper than most non-chain pizza places. They also have a huge menu for various other food.The pizza here is awesome.  We sometimes order a large number of pizzas when we have an event at our school and it always goes well, the owner is so generous and just a great person. The Pizza is also the best I've had since moving to the city line/East Falls area, always fresh.Just ordered online from here. My address was correct and checked it several times because there is a similar address in another city. So low and behold the guys goes to the other address. 30 minutes of going back and forth with this guy on the phone, even giving him my location through IPhone, he finally delivers the pizza. He kept telling me he was outside when he wasn't and I literally would call him again and ask where he was. Since we were going back and forth the pizza is now cold and soggy. His excuse is we gave him the wrong address. He just wasn't paying attention and realizing he typed in the wrong address. Won't order from this place again. Crappy delivery and sub par pizza.Well...back in the days when they were actually regularly MAKING pizza, it was AWESOME...seriously good, if not great pizza. Amazing sauce and toppings that set it apart from other mom-n-pops in the area...Now notice I said when they were regularly making pizza..cuz this is, afterall, a pizza joint, RIGHT?? OK, so someone pleeeeeez tell me why you can go in on a random day around lunchtime and lo and behold, they don't have ANY slices ready. Not a good sign...I guess the clientele dropped off. It seems like the change in management made this place take a nosedive that I'm not sure it will ever recover from. To top it all off, it's getting that dingy, 'not cared for' look. My hubby and I used to love going here, but now we just drive by and shake our heads....Amazzzzing fries! They are so crispy when you get them. Big hoagie portions. I can eat it over two meal. Reasonable prices. Prices are cheaper if order via phone or online. For some reason online ordering is more expensive. 
I haven't gotten pizza from there yet but def recommend the hoagies and fries. Excited to try other items later!Ordered a cheesesteak for delivery for dinner. It was very tasty the roll was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Everything tastes very fresh! The delivery was quick only about 15 minutes, and my cheesesteak was nice and hot. The steak was also very flavorful too!!First time and last time here. We got a medium box of grease with a side of pizza. Pizza can get greasy, I understand, I just don't think it's supposed to drip through the box and get all over my car seats. Very disappointed with what we received.  
Also the pizza was supposed to be half and half? Not 3/4th's and a 1/4th like it was just thrown together.Good pizza. Simple. Nice cheese sauce bread ratio. Staff was friendly and food was good.I ordered a well done pizza with no oblige. I received a flat out undercooked pizza.  I proceeded to have someone else try it who in turn agreed this pizza should not have been served. When I called, I was informed the pizza was accurately baked at 650 degrees for 10 minutes and could not be baked any more than what it was. I have NEVER had this issue and I expected more than just being told that the cheese is 'not right' this time of year.Meat Lovers Pizza and Wings are Amaaazzzing!!! Great pizza crust,Quick delivery and the delivery guy was clean and professional!Nothing special.
This is a very average pizza. It was greasy and needed more sauce. The crust is not bad, but I feel like the whole pie was a bit over baked. A large pizza will run you a little more than 12 dollars, and I feel like you can a better value elsewhere. I would eat it again but probably not willingly return.I've ordered here quite a few times now. The pizza is pretty good, the wings are decent, and their dinner meals and side orders are great! Even better has been the customer service. Everyone is incredibly friendly and helpful! Every time I walk in there everyone is so friendly and welcoming. Even when I call they have been so helpful. I've asked specifics about the menu and even the spiciness of each wing Sauce. One employee even offered to let me try one sauce before he dressed the wings when I picked them up. I'll be back!First and last time ordering from City Line Pizza. Ordered a chicken wing platter. Wings were either cooked too long or the oil was too old.  They were dark, tasteless and tough. Received four nubs and one flat. Usually, there's a better distribution. The wing "platters" I've gotten from other places come with cole slaw; not this one for almost $10.00. Fries? Average. The best item on the platter was the garlic bread. 
I like to sometimes try different places from the menus we receive. After this experience I'll stick with I know for a while.I have been patronizing this place since childhood.  Hands down, their pizza is a force to be reckoned with!Delivered wrong food, nearly an hour after they indicated it would come, driver didn't pay attention to the address and went to the wrong building, then told me I put the wrong address (didn't).  Food arrived soggy and cold.Everyone knows the farther north you go the better the pizza tastes.  And it's true.  
I'm from Virginia and this was one of the first places I ordered from while living in Philadelphia.  I've only ordered for take out at dinner time so I can't attest to their lunch specials or delivery methods.  
What I can vouch for is their pizza... It tastes great! It's fresh and the right sauce to cheese ratio.  And decently priced  Definitely ordered from here more than once since moving to the area :) 
My roommate loves their chicken tenders.  I've had them and they're definitely above average.  
Their cheesesteak is so so and the meat is rather dry, even with cheese added to it.  
All in all, if you live or work in the area, City Line is worth checking out.We've been ordering from this place every Friday night for the past 6 months because we like their pizza. Tonight, our pizza took 1 hour and 20 minutes to arrive (we are only 1.5 miles from the restaurant!!), the pizza arrived cold, the driver lied and said he had tried to call (umm, it's pretty easy on modern smart phones to tell if someone called or not), and the restaurant refused to refund us unless we returned the pizza (which my kids promptly devoured because they were starving - so that's not happening unless they want a bag of puke). 
In any case, I'm assuming the manager of this place is not the smartest tool in the shed because basic logic says at $10.95 pizza is not worth losing a regular customer to, but that's exactly what's happened. 
In any case, Tony Roni's is just around the corner. I'm not crazy about their pizza, but at least I won't be spending $11 a week at City Line Pizza.City line pizza is so great and the food is always so delicious. The only reason why I didn't rate it with five stars is because whenever I order with delivery it ALWAYS takes over an hour to come. I live 5 minutes away from the store.  No matter the time or weather the delivery service is extremely slow. Everything else is great! Try the grilled chicken Caesar salad!We love this place & order from here often. I highly recommend the Gus Stromboli. They will give you extra sauce if you ask. The salads are really fresh too- I normally get the chicken Caesar or the Cobb salad.
Staff is very nice- delivery is speedy and the food is great overall!My go to pizza place. I've lived in the area for a year and a half now and these guys are still my favorite. Food is always ready when I walk in to get it and the staff are all awesome. Wings and fries are my fave order but the pizza's awesome, too. I'll miss it when I move in the spring.This place has the best buffalo chicken pizza my fiance and I have ever had! (And we try buffalo chicken a lot) We always ordered it without blue cheese as we do not like it. The chicken was shredded and delicious, the buffalo sauce tasty, and the crust was not too thick or flat.  We ordered carry out a lot while I attended school. The calzones are also very good as is the buffalo chicken cheesesteak. I cannot speak much for their other pizzas however as we stuck with buffalo chicken. Oh and the chocolate chip cookies are soft and gooey!Food is always delicious. Time is prompt in the day time , however I have ordered at night and no Bueno(and order can be off). My first encounter with this place is when I moved into my new place and found this local place on yelp and had nothing packed out and decided to give it a try. I could tell by the child in the backseat the owner took so long because he decided to close up and deliver the last of the orders which makes no difference to me. The issue was I payed for two juices and only received one and their was no one to complain to because they were CLOSED, I never called because I didn't want to raise hell over a juice although it would have been nice to have gotten my money back . Very friendly and courteous.My partner and I both ordered the seafood platter. She ordered the baklava and I ordered the tiramisu. The food was delicious, but the dessert was amazing. The tiramisu was a bit strong with the rum, but definitely delicious. They also gave us a free two liter of soda, and the delivery person was super friendly. I will definitely be ordering from here on our next trip to Philly.I tried ordering a pizza today from this place, I usually get Chris's pizza or Zesto Pizza &Grill but today I wanted to try a new place so I called city line pizza to order carryout. My first question for the girl who answered the phone was so you guys do half and half she said yes of course what would you like? I then told her my order and there was no answer I even thought the phone call had gotten cut off. Then she said wait a moment. After that she proceed to tell me they couldn't make my half and half pizza. In the background I could here an angry man yelling "IT IS TOO MUCH WORK" she then said they can only do a half cheese but not half Hawaiian half supreme. Every other pizzeria in the area does it even dominos takes half and half orders of specialty pizzas. Laziness laziness + Rudeness it's all I  can say about this place.Nice, friendly, great food. Love their pizza, salads, and chicken pramMargarita pizza was good. A little undercooked in the center. But they didn't cut it for me....... So when staying in a hotel that makes things a little inconvenient. Also driver wanted me to come out to the parking lot to pick up my order which I said no to because it's freezing outside. Kind of strange.Food arrived late and cold. Order was missing napkins and silverware. My main regret is pre-tipping, thinking it would lead to good service.I'm in the Philly burbs for work and found City Line on Yelp. There aren't any cheesesteaks to be found in my home state of Connecticut, so I try one whenever I'm in Philadelphia. City Line rocked it!  Lightly toasted hoagie (a bit irregular but very good) with a ton of super-tasty meet and cheese. The guy brought it over and asked if I was ready for greatness. It was great!  Staff was really cool too.We are surrounded by pizza places! We've tried them all! Now City Line is are one and only place to get Pizza We go for the vegetarian pizza.
Lot's of great veggies, sumptuous crust, Just ordered one, so I'll be picking it up in 17 minutes.Speedy delivery service reasonably priced and The best cheese veggie burger hands down!!Cuisine: 3/10 
Service: 3/10
Delivery: 9/10
Value: 3/10
Overall: 4 out of 10
I'm starting this review before the food even gets here. Primarily because I'm always telling myself "trust your gut" and in this case, I'm doing the exact opposite. SMH. (1) Read the reviews, not great. I looked elsewhere and was deterred mainly by the prices. After being able to cop a Chop Cheese out in Brooklyn for 8 bucks with a drink, I've been craving shredded lettuce on a hot sandwich on a firm roll. 
I have a City Line Pizza menu in hand after finding them littered all over my neighborhood. (2) The domain name printed on the menu is defunct but Yelp helped me find an active site. "Powered by Eat24" (now GrubHub), the site redirects you there. (3) Unfortunately Grubhub indicates this place doesn't deliver to my address. I decided to call the number on the menu and confirm. A young woman answered and said "CityLinePizza, pick up or delivery?" Before I could respond she said "Hello?" and immediately hung up. *sigh* I called back and heard the fax machine printer sound. I called again (clearly dead set on getting food poisoning or being the victim of a debit card scam) and the young lady answered. I said "Hey, can you confirm if you deliver to this address?" I provided the address. She asked me to spell it...three times...which was weird given the simplicity of the street name. Then she placed me on hold...twice. She checked in with me to let me know they were checking on it, came back several MINUTES later leading with "What can I get you?" Astonishingly, before I could say a word she said "Oh she hung up." And then she hung up. She didnt say "Hey, you there? Three times a charm?" Nothing. 
In case you're wondering, I did, on both occasions where I was hung up on, looked at my screen to ensure that had not placed the call on mute and had full bars. 
I called again. Glutton. For. Punishment. She answered and I said *sigh* "You were checking on delivery to my address XXX GENERICTREE WAY? Do you deliver here?" She said "Yes, what can I get for you?" OMG Finally! 
Here is the order I placed on 10/12/19:
Daily Special: 
2 Cheesteak of 2 Hoagies, 2 fries, & 2-Ltr Soda 
Alt/Special Request: 1 Plain Cheesesteak with Mayo/Ketchup, 1 Cheeseteak with Shredded Lettuce, Tomato
Alt/Special Request: 1 Fry with Salt & Pepper (only), 1 Fry with Salt & Pepper and cheese. 
Quoted Total: $31.75 
(4) While indicating my sandwich details, I asked for "one plain cheesesteak and one cheesesteak hoagie." She says "you cant do that," telling me that I can get two plain hot sandwiches, or two plain cold sandwiches, or one of each. I elaborated that I was just looking to add shredded lettuce and tomato to one of the sandwiches. Apparently that was fine to do. I'm not from Philadelphia so perhaps I don't understand the whole "hoagie" thing. 
(5) The online menu says the special is $14.95. The printed menu says the special is $23.99 +tax. Assuming I'm being charged for cheese on the fries, $3 tax and $3 delivery fee, $31.75 for two sandwiches might be accurate. 
At 8:14 the driver called and I went down to pick it up. The receipt says I my order was placed at 7:41 so about 30 minutes. 
(6)The sandwiches were pretty thin. The term "torpedo" is ringing in my head; like "something something Quiznos something something."   Neither sandwich was labelled so we couldnt tell which was which without opening them. The long roll was clearly not fresh because it was broken (cracked) in places. Room temperature at best. The veggies didnt appear fresh either but not soggy or brown. The cheese whiz on the fries was scant. Definitely not worth $1.50 upcharge. 
Everything tasted ... fine (taking into consideration I was SUPER hungry when the food arrived). For the price though, not "fine" enough. I can't imagine eating here again.
Update: ...Bathroom.I would give NEGATIVE stars if possible. I ordered 2 pizzas and 5 drinks.  The menu offered coke products which is what I ordered. What I received was Pepsi.... The chicken bbq pizza I ordered was CLEARLY DROPPED before it was delivered. Unfortunately for me I didn't discover this until we finished the first pizza and moved the the bbq...... The bbq pizza looked like it had been vomited on...... Your better off ordering Dominos OR MAKING YOUR OWNI lived most of my adult life in the Philadelphia area. I've had cheese steaks from dozens of places. This was without a doubt the single worst in the last 30 years.
I had it delivered - my first clue was the bag weighed almost nothing. I actually thought they may have forgotten to put the sandwich in the packaging. Hardly any meat, up charges for everything, with delivery charge I paid $13 for a roll, some cheese and a little meat. 
You can get a better sandwich just about anywhere - including WaWa.Disgusting. Really bad pizza. Crumbs and gross stuff all over the tables. It's dirty inside. The people that work there aren't friendly and look like they hate their job. Basically anything wrong with a food establishment that is possible - is wrong with this place. At least make the pizza good  can't even do that smhLove this pizza! We live in manayunk and they don't deliver here so we use door dash. I have tried many pizza places in my area and this is by far one of the best plain pizza's I have had. They also don't cost a million bucks!Got delivery from CLP when we over-nighted at the nearby Homewood Suites during our move into the city. Very tasty, above average, sausage pizza after a stressful day, arrived a good 10 minutes before the estimate, delivery guy friendly - well done!Mediocre food. The. Slowest. Delivery. How many times do I have to wait over an hour and a half before I learn my lesson? Going on 1 hour and 40 minutes as I type this...The place has been here since I was teen. Food has also been good. And the owner has been there and does cook along side his staff. Really nice guy. The food is really good and owner is very particular about how fresh the food is and the wraps are the best. You can custom order them if you like.The Delivery took awhile..but my buffalo chicken wrap wasn't too bad. They did not fully follow the instructions for the wrap. The pizza was okay. I probably will try somewhere else next time.Ordered here while visiting Philly. Too cold to go out so the hotel recommended this place. They messed my entire order up. Ordered a cheesesteak and received one with no cheese. I called back to report the issue the Manager argued me down that there was cheese on the cheesesteak. They messed up the salmon burger added everything in there Specifically asked not to be on there. The phone attendant said she would call me back i had to call to fix my order. FAILVery good, crispy bottom.   This pizza was delivered HOT.  The French fries were curly and were also delivered hot and crispy.     Medium bacon ranch pizza was filling and tasty, enough for two hungry adults but we also ordered a pepperoni pizza and that too was fresh!More a 3.5. Good local joint for pizza, stromboli. Better options for cheesesteaks around though.
After the decline of the place down the street from us, this is our new go-to for ordering pizza.Got a pizza and a salad delivered to my hotel room. Good food and good service.Stumbled upon this hidden gem and after eating here I must say, word needs word to get out about how good they are. I've eaten their pizza and enjoyed any my husband has eaten their fish platter numerous times. Will definitely be back to try mireI love this place, I live right around the corner from it so I can either walk there or have it delivered whenever I want. I usually get either buffalo wings, a City Line burger, a buffalo chicken wrap, or just a plain old slice of pizza. Their food is pretty good and decently priced. However, I do think they should clean up the place a little better and make it look less.... 1970's.horrendous place. I tried this place for the first time and it will be the last time. Don't even go thereMy family and I picked up some hoagies one day for dinner. I got the Sausage Grinder (with peppers) and thought it was just okay, the flavor didn't pop as much as one would expect. But the French fries were awesome! I guess I did them a disservice by not trying their pizza since that's their specialty. I would definitely give this place another try. My family enjoyed it.I moved down here about a week ago and have already ordered delivery twice. 
Food comes in about 45-60min which is normal in my opinion. Food is hot when it arrives which is nice. 
So far Ive had pizza, buffalo wings, and a buffalo chicken cheesesteak.
Pizza: pretty mediocre. Normal pizzeria style
Buffalo wings: average but not bad. They have lots of sauce on them. 
Buffalo chicken cheesesteak: it was packed with chicken BUT the chicken tasted like garlicky? Or something. Perhaps they had cooked something on the grill right before that. It almost tasted like, dare I say, canned chicken..with garlic. Not sure if Id order it again.
But overall, average food. Delivery guys were both very nice.This place is the legit off the beaten path pizza sub and salad shop. 
The staff is awesome, service is quick, and food is on point. 
5/5- meatballs on pasta and a hoagie "grinder" they are delicious. The marinara sauce is well balanced and plenty of cheesy goodness. I prefer it on bread. 
5/5 Their pizzas are fresh, great crust, great sauce lots of toppings. Ham and pineapple is my go to. 
5/5- Don't sleep on their fresh salads. It sounds basic but the grilled chicken Caesar is perfect. Juicy chicken fresh romaine and the dressing is good too!
4/5 - Finish it off with cheesy curly fries! 
I want to try their Gyros next. Give this place a shot I'm sure you won't regret it!This was my first time eating here. I ordered off grubhub and had it delivered. Delivery was quick, received my order within 30min. The delivery girl was friendly. I ordered their soul food - half baked chicken, collard greens, yams and cornbread. The chicken was tasty and juicy. The collard greens and yams were both delicious. The cornbread is huge and sweet but a little on the hard side. I would recommend and order again. Affordable prices as well! My meal was $10.25Just trying out new pizza spots. Menu was on porch. Ordered Turkey hoagies. Sandwich was delicious. No pics sorry it was that good.Perfect hole in the wall pizza shop. Great pizza, great guys who work there. No complaints.ive driven by this place for many years but never stopped in until today bcuz i needed to grab dinner for my mom and brother in a pinch and they both love hoagies. ordered two italian hoagies with the works and i sat and watched as chris beautifully crafted these things. i was totally impressed with the care he took making these sandwiches. they were huge and pretty as hell. also, he wore gloves while preparing the food. HUGE HUGE plus. its so rare to see people handle food with gloves even in the year 2016!! that alone would bring me back. the staff was friendly and my food was prepared quickly. zero complaints. not sure if chris is the owner or just an employee but he was friendly and obviously takes pride in his work. kudos.The pizza use to be good but it's horrible now ! When you call and complain they want to see proof welp here's your proof of this brick.City Line is my go to pizza place close to my job. I really appreciate the consistency here. While it's not my favorite pizza in the world, it's always good! We have placed massive orders here for work and they are always delicious, and equally important, not messed up! City Line really pays attention to detail and it shows. 
My favorite thing to order here is their vegetable pizza. So many other veggie pizzas load crap on there and therefore compromise the structural integrity of the pizza, turning it into a watery floppy mess. Not here! The veggie to pizza ratio is perfect every time. City Line is a solid pizza spot that has never let me down!Tried to order online. Meat lovers seems to want me to pay extra for..... MEAT!
Tried calling the shop. They not only refused to clarify the situation, they would not even listen to the question. All I got was "You want to order with me or online?" when I tried to explain the issue, the thing on the phone just kept repeating "You want to order with me or online?"
I gave up. They clearly do not want business.I would NEVER order from here simply b/c in my 1st EVER phonecall to them, I tell them I have NEVER ordered from them before & they PROCEED to take 3 other phonecalls/COMPLETE Orders (I could hear them) while placing me on "HOLD" several times!  VERY UNPROFESSIONAL & OBVIOUSLY NOT interested in obtaining NEW Customers/NEW Business!!!!!!