This bar is great food is great and staff is fast and very nice. It has a sports bar feel and great on Sunday during football. Wings are really good try the hot honey BBQMy roommate and I frequently order dinner from CJ & Eck's. Our favorite thing to order is the grilled chicken chopped salad. Its super fresh, delicious and filling (surprising for bar food)! Would highly recommend!Got some mozzarella sticks and a chicken sandwich delivered. Was a quick delivery, granted I was 3 blocks away. Not a fan of the Mozzarella sticks but the chicken sandwich was awesome, bacon was on point.Never had food delivered. When I called to see where my food was, an hour and a half later, it still hadnt even been made. No one called to let us know either.A great neighborhood bar - defined by awesome Monday night beer and burger specials and a terrific waitress in Ashleigh who remembers us every time we go in and makes us feel welcome!Best wings in Manayunk, but you have to get the "Ghost" flavor. A LOT of heat, but a lot of great flavor as well. I've had every wing in Manayunk, and this one keeps me coming back.I wish I had an image of the wings that were delivered to me today in this winter storm from CJ & Eck's. The Cajun dry rub wings were so delicious, if you are a wing lover I recommend them! My roommate ordered the eggplant parmesan sandwich and judging by how fast it disappeared I can say her meal was delicious as well. Thank you for the awesome experience!I've only ever gotten take out, but the shatkbite sandwich is the most amazing sandwhich I've ever had in my entire life!!!!!! Also their house dressing is delicious and  homemade tasting.it's a decent place to get drunk and it's walking distance to my house. easy.We live close by and during one of the recent snow storms were desperate for a meal we didn't need to cook or pay for delivery. 
Cj and Ecks finally came in handy. We ordered take out and were pleased. 
Not the best food I've ever had but for the prices they had solid chicken strips and fries! My bf had a sandwich he liked. 
Solid bar comfort food with some surprising extras on the menu like pizza! 
We'll definitely have to stop in when we have time and have a drink.Disappointed. I ordered a buffalo chicken wrap and it showed up an hour and a half later. An hour late! The lettuce was soggy, the fries were soggy, the soup was cold. Such a let down.Ordered through Uber Eats. Incredibly fast, food came in exactly 30min. The shark bite sandwich was sad but the Cajun sauce that came with, was oh so yummy and perfect to dip fries in.  Their Cheesesteak with jalapeño poppers on it = total game changer!!! Will definitely order again!!I ordered food with them
Through grubhub.com. It was done very quick. Food was ready quickly and the people were nice. Food is great. I will definitely be back. I don't drink so the bar is not something I can rate.I am they type that usually "sticks with Main St" when I venture out in Manayunk - but lately I have been checking out the side streets and smaller places in the neighborhood to have some variety.  This corner bar was lively.  There was a dart team playing and a game of Quizzo was about to begin, so me and my friends thought we would stick around.   The patrons seemed to be neighbor regulars and they were friendly.  The staff laid back and nice.  We ordered drinks and food and both were cool.  Nice beer selection and the regulars stated the food is consistently good.  
The Quizzo game was fun and the host handled everyone pretty good.  I would definitely come back and hang out and try some more food and drinks.Sick at home with a nasty cold/sinus infection, so I felt like trying something new, but didn't feel like leaving the house... Saw the strong positive reviews so I ordered a meal for delivery for myself and my boyfriend.
They said 40 minutes, which was spot on, and the delivery guy was polite.
As for the food, all I can say is... wow! We ordered Mac & Cheese bites, Ecks-Treme Cheesesteak and a Shark Bite Sandwich. Phenomenal! The spicy cajun mayo on the Shark Bite sandwich woke my sinuses up right away. The fish itself was cooked wonderfully.
We're moving out of the area in a few months but I will be sure to return just to order some more food!Amazing food at this random bar on shurs lane. I highly recommend the spicy shrimp appetizer. 
Gets busy when games are on. Have to try at least once.Ordered a salad with no blue cheese crumbles, it was loaded. Fries were almost burned, hard and cold upon arrival. Will not order delivery orders again.Surprisingly I liked this bar. It had an awesome locals/Philly feel to it. It was small, but cozy. Almost dive-y but the interior was actually pretty nice and had a comfortable setting. The kind of place where it's cool to hang out with your friends and watch the gab and have a frew brews. The bartender was great and quick to help. There were plenty of TVs with Philly sports and even a electronic dart board that was getting plenty of play. I was with a friend and we grabbed a quick drink and took off, but it was great just relaxing with a beer and watching the Sixers.Best nieghborhood bar.  Awesome food, reasonably priced beverages, a bunch of flat panels, and an awesome staff.I've been to the bar here a few times which can oddly vary from being so quiet and sleepy to an absolute shitshow on other nites. I like to avoid those shoulder to shoulder drunken bozo nites. You get some college kids but also some less desirable "locals" who are looking to break bottles and start fights. Music on the weekends is typically fist pumping aka Jersey Shore style .. For example - Thanksgiving Eve .. You could see / hear drunk people from the bar all over the sidewalk and street screaming from over a block away. This is the only place really like this other than when you get closer to Main Street. 
I've enjoyed the nites I've been here when it's more laid back. The bartenders were great and friendly. Depending on what your scene is .. Just case the place before you go in. If it looks crazy then it is and maybe that's for you .. If not go a different nite.Service is beyond horrendous. Waited more than a hour for appetizers. Air conditioner blasting on a cool day. Literally freezing to death. The food will actually have to blow me to make up for the ridiculously shit bag wait from the kitchen. The place isn't even busy yet there's no service whatsoever. A JOKE of a restaurant beyond belief. It's actually amazing that a place like this can even exist. Fuck this place.Great place.  I was there on a Saturday and they had 5$ pitchers, great deal.  I had the special goat cheese burger.  WoW very good.  The roll was fresh and the fries were tasty.  I saw lots of other items I want to try. This is a great local bar.  I live nearby so I'll be back.  Stop reading and go.Sports bar - check.
Multi-screen high-def - check.
Upstairs and downstairs bars and multi room seating - check.
Attentive wait staff - check
Cheap beer selections - check.
Swarming football fans mostly of the Steelers kind on a Sunday afternoon  - check
Pitcher and wings specials - check.
Edible apps - checkI ordered from here because it was one of the only places in the area that offers grilled chicken for the bbq pizza....food tasted amazing, but ice cold. Had to reheat everything in oven. This won't stop me from ordering from this place..just suggesting hiring an extra driver for busy nights !It works for the intended low key neighborhood sports bar but the food was as typical and blah as it gets. Had a good beer selection and plenty of big tvs for watching games here so thats what counts. Don't bother coming for the food though...unless you're quite drunk already. This is around the corner from us and my boyfriend and I decided to try it, not wanting to stray far from ample blankets on an icy night. 
We sat in the "dining room" part because the nicer bar area was packed. The dining room was small, dark, and had that old gross diner look, with the cheap standard table/chair sets that desperately need a wipe down. Looks like it only gets used when the bar's too crowded. Our server was really awkward but nice and we're guessing was new. Almost got our order right and knew some of the items on the menu, so uhh sure...
We got wings, bf got a burger and I got their "famous" shark bites on a salad. Wings were typical and had random fries in there and we couldn't tell if those just slipped in there, because there were 5 or 6 total. Burger was ok. It was on a plain kaiser roll, medium size, and came with the most typical bland frozen diner type fries too. My shark bites sounded great described as cajun mahi nuggets, but they were a bunch of tiny cubes of pretty unfresh mahi. I mean, what should I expect in the winter? Just wasn't expecting their clame to fame to look like cubed dog food pellets. Salad had an insane amount of dressing on it too. 
Food did come quick though considering it was busy, and it is on the cheaper side which is good. Doubt we'll be back besides just to get a beer.One of the many corner bars in this part of Manayunk.  Several good drink specials throughout the week.  Food is consistently good for what it is.... bar food.  Gets packed on weekends and the back room is really kind of awkward to sit at for anything other than Quizzo (A- for the quizzo, I suspect a lot of cell phones were in use.  A group of college girls knew the last non-QB to be drafted #1 in the NFL draft - Jake Long, Miami Dolphins).  Shenanigans.Great place to have a bite to eat and a few drinks. The daytime bartender is a great guy who is very helpful and kind.
  The food was excellent . We loved the extreme fries and the shark bites. 
  The drinks were reasonably priced and the food portions were more than enough. 
 I will be making more stops here.I've eaten here once and gotten delivery a few times. Overall, I have never been wow'ed by the experience. The food is always pretty average. I will say that recently, I ordered steamed mussels via delivery, and they were still very good when they got to my house. I also got the Chicken Florentine wrap which was soggy and bland. However, my fiance ordered the Buffalo Chick Steak sandwich which he said was amazing. The atmosphere is pretty divey and indicative of a neighborhood bar. Our deliveries have always been correct and on time which is a huge plus, and the service in the bar has always been good!Last night I ordered several items. First I tried to order it directly on their website. After wasting time trying to complete the order- website did not work- I called the restaurant and had to leave a message on v/m during hours they were open. I explained the situation and they never called me back!  I should have ordered elsewhere. Instead, I used Grub Hub and placed my order. After awhile I received a grub hub e-mail that said they charged me more because I requested certain things on the side. I called the restaurant to clarify my order. I talked to two people who were not interested and the second hung up on me. I wrote several e-mails to the manager and called. No response. When I got my order, it was wrong and there is no doubt that one of the items was tampered with and had a foul taste and smell.  This is going to be reported. There is no excuse for that. I tried again to reach manager. Still no response!  Do not order from this place if you care about your health.I found this place many years ago and fell in love with the Eckstreme fries.  I moved away and came back and thrilled to see they deliver. Delivery was fast, food hot and the fries still as awesome as I remember. The problem though is the dry rub wings I ordered were adequate. Everything we ordered was really good but the wings were underwhelming. 
Overall great food, bit pricey but worth it but I recommend skipping the dry rub wings. Maybe wings in sauce might be better.  The fries are worth every cent plus...I got off work late tonight and really wanted some good wings... Well I ordered from the right place!! They delivered late and it was quick! Definitely going to order from here again!So there were good and bads at this place which is why the review is 3 stars.
The good- the wrap I ordered was delicious. It was the mexican chicken wrap and it was tasty and filling and combined with their fries, it was a great meal. They also had one of my favorite beers on tap, Bells Two Hearted, so I have to give points for that. The fact that I could enjoy those two things on a terrible snow day was a great thing. The space was open and there was plenty of seating.
The bad- maybe they were understaffed because of the snowstorm, I am not sure, however, the service was really bad. They did make up for it by comping the round of shots we ordered and didn't receive until the very end of our meal. I can give them that, they definitely made sure to try to fix the situation. The other negative was when I ordered their daily special soup, tomato and rice. I was hoping that I could enjoy a nice hot bowl of soup on a cold snowy day. However, what I was served was quite literally a bowl of tomato sauce with some parmesan cheese on top. I kid you not, it had no rice in it and it was actually a bowl of sauce. I did politely send it back and they had no problem taking it off the check. 
So all in all, I liked my main dish, I liked the beer and the space. I wasn't a huge fan of service or the daily soup special.Everything about this place is horrible. As a living resident close by, there are multiple things I see at CJ & Ecks on a daily basis. The regulars that just hang outside and smoke leave their trash and cigarette butts everywhere, The customers and owner constantly like to make their own parking spots. He likes to park his suv on the sidewalk right out front of the bar. Customers like to park illegally out front of my place and in front of fire hydrants. On to the restaurant itself, the food is the worst. The one and only time I ever ate their food, I got the burger with the friend Mac n cheese on top and it was cold when I got it and not even cooked. Every time I go in there, even if its just for a beer at the bar, I can't stay in there for more then 5 minutes. The employees are of no help, the inside of the place just looks like trash. I literally have seen bugs and roaches behind and even on the bar top. Im not surprised though, I see TKO Pest Control there early in the mornings every two weeks or so. All in all, this place gets two thumbs down from me. I will never be giving them my business again.Little underwhelmed with my burger and fries. I got the smash Burger. It was pretty plain with "secret sauce" that I'm pretty sure was just their Cajun Mayo  which is good but it wasn't too much of a "secret". Their breakfast sandwiches are much better. In fact I would have given this place a 5 out of 5 if it was just their breakfast sandwiches I had, had.Gonna say this is one of the most under rated take out spots in Manayunk.  Buffalo chicken cheesesteak is amazing!  Really good!  Had the hoagie cheesteaks which is awesome as well.  Cajun fries are great.Great vibes & direct service. It's like they always know when you need that refill! Keep it up!The buffalo chicken cheesesteak is what dreams are made of. Eat in or take it to go- you'll never have a meal like that.Super disappointed. Ordered mozz sticks and a Cajun chicken salad for delivery through the yelp app. 
The driver arrived promptly and the delivery service was fine. 
The food was so disappointing. You'd think they can't mess up mozz sticks but they were rock hard and burned. My salad had cubed chicken that wasn't even the equivalent of one chicken finger, a soft boiled egg and my order was $23. Never again.Surprisingly great bar food! Got take-out from this place on a recent weeknight and it was tasty, well-packaged, and higher-than-average in quality. 
I had the bacon cheeseburger, which was excellent. Thick burger patty, cooked medium, with a good balance of cheese and bacon on a fresh kaiser roll. Watch out! The pickle spear on the side is surprisingly spicy. It creeps up on you. 
We also got an order of the loaded fries to share, which were also very good- nice and crispy, not soggy from the toppings. He had a chicken parm wrap, which he said is his go-to so it must be good. Our sandwiches each came with a bonus little side salad and balsamic vinaigrette. The mixed greens were very fresh and there were some scattered veggies like carrots, cucumber, and tomato to liven things up. It was one of the better take out side salads I've had in a while.
It was pretty lively when we went in there to pick up, but by no means packed. The crowd seemed very friendly and it definitely had a great neighbourhood vibe. The bar was very well stocked. A great place to drop in for a drink and have a chat with a bartender or random patron.Mmm Mmm! 
Ordered the chicken bacon ranch pizza and 20 piece garlic wings (2 - 10 piece orders) yesterday. Delivery was on time as expected. I have ordered from this place before so I had to get the garlic wings again because I remember them being so good!.... And they were, again
I destroyed the wings and enjoyed the pizza! 
The pizza itself has ingredients on it that are tasty. The bacon was definitely crispy and I felt maaaaaybe it might have needs to be set on a paper towel before placement cause they seemed pretty oily. That's if I'm trying to really knit-pick here for something to mention. Other than that, I personally loved the dough. It was cooked but it definitely tasted of freshness. As if it was made same day and not processed or prepackaged.
As for the wings.... Has anyone had Wings Stop? I personally had it and have only had it in Texas years ago. And though I only lived there one year.... The wings there still make my mouth salivate at the thought of those wings. Of the 365 days I loved there, I'm pretty sure my brother and I had them for like 265 days of Wing Stop wings. I mention this because I think I found a very very close reminder of those delicious wings here. And when I crave a good set of wings here in the manayunk/roxobourgh area.... I am going to look to this place first.
My only gripe would've that I think for the portions, the food could be priced at a dollar or two less.... But that might be just my own big boy thoughts of wanting more bang for the buck and also that I'm just a big boy eater at heart.
I have not been to their actual place and had food although lots of yelpers are stating the place is a bit cramped inside. In that case.....
This place is a legit hole in the wall pumping out some real delicious eats.Staff is friendly, conveniently located, and the food is good especially for the price. I get takeout here once every 2 weeks or so.There are mornings after drinkin' and then there are mornings after drankin'. Thankfully, if you're in the Rox/Yunk/and even me in blessed Mt. Airy hoods you're in luck to have a CJ & Eck's on hand to deliver because these breffast sammiches are just what you need to set yourself aright. 
Delivery was prompt enough that my Ecks-treme Bacon Egg & Cheese sammich was still oozing cheese and the bacon was still marvelously crisp. Within moments of snarfing it down I felt well enough to take on the world again, but I could've just as easily enjoyed a happy carb coma style nap. In short, this food will comfort you. 
Currently waiting on my lunch/dinner order to arrive-steakhouse burger and hot garlic wings. Uh-huh, I've got a feeling it's gonna be as delicious as it sounds too, but I'll be back to let you know fuh sho'.
In the meantime, if you're in the neighborhood and can pop in you should do so (as I too plan to do), or if you're tryna rally on a hazy, cloudy day (post-hangover or not) let them come to your rescue. Your belly will be thanking you.
UPDATE: Hold up, wait a minute! Just got my lunch order. I actually think it may have gotten here faster than most dine-in restaurants turn out food. Popped open my to-go containers and was greeted by hot steam and delectable aromas from my burger and the wings. NOICE!
Fries were crispy y'all and seasoned like somebody knows there way around a potato. Wings were well done (without me even having to ask!), not overly sauced and terrifically flavored. But let me tell y'all about the li'l dance I did for that steakhouse burger. Hercules, Hercules. 'Twas succulently grilled, seasoned and slapped on a bun soft but sturdy enough to handle all the sauciness and drippin's. I'm fidna have to pay this crew an in-person visit. I need to see who's in there laying down all these tasty goods.delicious food and I love when tony is bar tending! he's my favorite!Monday a Night Happy Hour Review.
I see a lot of good HH deals on Main Street so don't often think to venture up the hill. After our group run Monday night to CJ & Eck's, I need to rethink that plan.
Let's start with drinks, which we all did. Half off craft beers. Hello I'll take 2 (maybe 3). And don't think that means you only have a single beer to choose from. While not an endless tap list, it's solid and should keep you happy.
Now for food, Monday means $5 burgers and fries (or side salad). Again, don't think it means a frozen patty with extra for toppings. It's a five spot for any burger on their menu. I enjoyed the bacon and blue, but did have trouble deciding give plenty of good options.
They also have specials for the weekend, games, and other occasions. Sounds like a winner in my book.
Plenty of outside seating for nice days, CJ&E has decent seating inside if you prefer to catch the game. Friendly staff. The only downside is walking up the hill to get there... but what goes up must come down!I can't speak to being in the actual bar, but my husband and I have been ordering delivery pretty much every Saturday during quarantine. 
We get wings and apps and have a few beers on the patio and things have felt a little more normal because of this silly little thing. 
Their wings are the BOMB and everything else we've had has been exactly what we needed: tasty bar food. 
Thanks CJs for helping us keep things a little normal in a very not-normal time.Small bar..many TV's..audio for all phillies games and eagles...The reviewers have it righ this is a GREAT sports bar. Depending on what you are looking for this could be a great fit for you. I tried the Cajun Burger and fries and it was great for the reasonable price of 8.50 and 1.00 for fries...the fries had alot of pepper on them and salt but i did not mind. If you are looking for a local vibe where everyone is friendly this is a good bar. I would choose this bar  only when I am really just looking to kick back and relax...it is kinda off the beaten track too....but if you want to get away from the scene where you have to yell a bartender down and hope to get served this is a good escape. I tried this bar on a day game for phillies on a Wednesday....but would def try again if im near it. Hope this review helps and I encourage you to try this local bar if your in the mood for a sports bar.Ordered food from uber eats and it arrived in 30 minutes piping hot!
Was in the mood for wings and these didn't disappoint! Chicken salad was good and pizza was fair! Would order from again!It's a small place and I can't speak to the draft list, but the food is surprisingly good. Great fries, but the thing you really need to try at least once is the Shark Bite Sandwich. It's incredible. I've had it as a wrap as well. Great takeout option if you live in Manayunk / Roxborough.Very big fan of CJ & Eck's when me and the wife have no idea what to eat and don't even want to strangle each other until we find out (we don't really strangle each other). Anyways, I can't account for the physical location, I've only ordered delivery from them. My food is always hot and ALWAYS on time. The food is your usual bar food but I like that they put some love into their everyday bar food which keeps me coming back (and their extensive sauces list). You can't really go wrong with anything on their menu everything is quality.CJ & Eck's is amazing. They have the best cheesesteak and chicken cheesesteaks in the area, hands down. The chicken Florentine wrap is so good and the white pizza was a favorite by my overly picky sister. All of their food is consistently good... and we order from them probably 2 times a month for the last few years. But that's not why I'm writing the review.. this review is for their above and beyond customer service. They sent the wrong order after it was already slightly delayed the other night... well they called me back and refunded my whole order and then dropped off a gift card the next day!! They clearly care about their customers and make sure they are satisfied. Order from them, you won't be disappointed.Good food. Great service. Cold beer. Bartender's are somewhat attractive. Delivery is kinda fast and "Turtle" has pretty nice hair. Joe Ro (manager) was pretty reasonable when i told him my lettuce was undercooked and went back and cooked me some more lettuce. Very friendly to neighborhood local nitwit Robert Pace being that he's slow.Ok so I've decided to really start leaving reviews as I appreciate reviews left by patrons and I honestly read them.I had a few hours to kill and just moved to the Roxborough/Manyunk area and I love to patronize local businesses.I went into this tavern,the waitress-bartender was very nice and personable.I ordered mussels white,not the best I've ever had but not too bad,then I ordered chicken fingers how can you really go wrong with that.The fries and the chicken had a funky taste. I didnt send back nor did I complain.The waitress gave me the check and told me to take my time but she was leaving,I wanted to tip her so i gave her cash and i continued to sit at the table,after waiting 20-30min the young guy behind the bar never acknowledged me whatsoever so I got up with my check and paid.He did not say thank you,was everything ok or kiss my ass.I actually would have ordered something else for later on and maybe had another beer.I only gave 2 stars because the waitress was so nice and on top of things,rest assured I wont go back,too many places to choose from that I can spend my hard earned money.