I went to the clock bar on a Saturday night around 10pm. It was sooo crowded. There was no where to sit at the bar or at a booth. We stood there for almost 20 mins before the bartender took our order. I asked the bartender what flavor slushies they had and she said "all kinds". WHAT?!? There was no drink menu. This was my first time going there so I didn't know what flavors they had. So I just ordered a flavor that I saw on yelp and it wasnt that great. We stood at the end of the bar where it was less crowded and we were harassed by the men coming in and out of the bathrooms. The bathrooms were too close to the bar. The supply room was also near the end of the bar so the guy that works there continued to go back and forth from the supply room and the front where the kitchen is located. So every time he came past which was about 20 times, we had to move out of the way for him to get past. If I do go back it will need to be really early when it is not crowded....The fish is so FIRE! I only come here for the fried fish but the drinks are good too. The downside is the lack of seating. It kills me every time! If it was more seating, I would love it more.The area was rough, and didn't look too safe. But I was still intrigued by the henny slushee that I have heard so many great things about. Also the amazing seafood. However, I could not even get either of the two items I arrived for due to the small establishment with the large amounts of patrons. This business needs better organization regarding customers and to increase their customer service skills. The next time I go I would aim for day time/evening. That area of north Philadelphia, and the sketchy people that the bar attracts, equals a no go for arriving at night time.There seafood platters R gd, The prices are very fair .... I've been here plenty of times & after a certain time, no matter wht the day of the week it is, This place stays packed, The drink R high price, The slussies drinks R okay, there R not strong, Some of the bartenders R nice, Some of them hve attitudeds, The bar is small 4 the crowds, The security is very friendly, Everytime I went there was no Drama, some ppl R friendly, & it's a nice place 2 hve some gd seafood......Been going here for years especially in my (club days) this was the best spot to go to grub besides Max's. If you go to Red Lobster or or any other fancy seafood place and the line is out the door. Say no more just head for this spot,definitely worth it!Very good seafood and drinks. Gets pretty crowded even on a weekday so be prepared to stand or wait forever for a seat.A wonderful hole in the wall.  I write this as I'm trying to convince my friend to make a Sunday afternoon trip from DE to Philly for Clock Bar seafood..mThis place is a HOT GHETTO MESS!!!  The staff is loud, vulgar and RUDE.  I've NEVER experienced such HORRIBLE customer service and atmosphere in my life.  Spend your money where you're treated with dignity and respect.  Unfortunately you will not get it hereFrozen drinks are delicious. I didn't really get tipsy from it but it was still good. The frozen drinks are $12 but you get a lot in a large cup. Seafood was good. I had a fish platter that was really tasty and I tried a bite of my friends crab cake and it was amazing! It's very tight and cramped inside but if you can get a seat you will enjoy yourself. Great music and vibes!This was my JOINT from my Philly days. This brings a tear to my eyes. Where else but in Philly can u drink til 4am, then conversate with the Muslim brothas @ 4.05. Gotta luv it!!!One can never go wrong with the Clock, it's a chill place (for the most part) and has great food. I live for the steamed garlic butter shrimp & mussels. The slushy drinks are usually on point as well. Try it out!My hubby is from Philly and recommended this place. Food was just okay for me personally. Good taste but nothing spectacular. Prices were pretty decent for Shrimp and mussels and other various seafood combos. Gave the place 4 stars though because the ambiance is on point. There's a bar area and some booths for those wanting to dine in. Don't be fooled, it's definitely a late night bar screen hella crowded to the max but a cool place to experience if you're looking for some good food with a nice drink. Their slushy's are strongggggg so definitely worth the price. The crowd is pretty mixed with all ages reprinted which creates for an interesting experience to say the least.....check it out for yaself!!Good food,good drinks, good atmosphere.
Everyone is always very nice. Sometimes you have to wait for a table but it's no biggie grab a drink listen to the music and soon enough a table will become available.This is one of my favorite hole in the wall hood bars. It's very small but SIS, the seafood is very yummy. Shrimp are huge and tasty. Drinks will sneak up on you. Cool after the club spot since they stay open until around 3. But get a fried shrimp platter and grab me one too!I hate bars that have metered drinks. That just proves the owners are cheap. Drinks are too fucking high for a hood bar. $10 for a Coors light and a shot of Jack Daniels? That's robbery. I hate the smell of crabs and shrimp just pervading the air. Ain't be coming back here again unless somebody else is buying.It's not fancy at all. So don't go in here expecting a five star restaurant. It's in the hood. They make decent drinks. The seafood is good. 
And you probably can buy something outside or from someone while inside (DVDs,cool shades,socks, underwear). It was a table vendor outside also w shirts and shoes and some more items. 
The atmosphere was cool. The bartenders were friendly and the food was good. I'm from Md and I'm always skeptical of eating seafood anywhere else, unless it's the west coast. 2 different animals....anyway
The large shrimp that they rave about where underwhelming to me. Not enough seasoning. And breaded with panko bread crumbs so it was just ok. It was fried perfectly. I feel like it needed old bay but maybe that's the Md in me being biased.  
The slushy drinks were great and the bartenders were all really cool. I think they like to see people get tipsy. Haha
On to the main course. The garlic crab legs. Oh yes. They were perfectly cooked juicy and not too spicy or under seasoned. I would return for them. 
I spent maybe 25 bucks on everything but I did split my tab with a friend. So for a few drinks some seafood,good company and entertainment from the vendors and locals it was all worth it. 
Side note. I think this is also owned by the same people who own Max's. Which is two doors down and who make one of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had in Philly. So if you have room for it after some good crab legs get a hoagie.I love the food here and the drinks are very strong! I love it here! They have a juke box here where you pay some money to play what you want to hear. It's pretty cool but don't come with a lot of people you won't be able to sit together or at all when its packed which is alwaysThis place is right next to Max's and they have the best seafood. I also come in here to get french fries with my Max's cheesesteaks.... 
GREAT !Best Crab in Philly eat at the bar and order a "smooth bitch". While you're there say Hi to MIss Charlotte prepping all that delicious seafood for y'all!The seafood here tastes great and you sure get your money's worth. The bartender "Mona" is cool, and makes amazing drinks especially her own signature slushies which is again worth the money. The only downside is the area in which it's located and the seating room. If you can't catch a table, be prepared to stand and bump shoulders with people.The Clock Bar...
In the heart of North Philadelphia lies a place that has the best of two worlds,with the greatest of neighbors. With Church's chicken down the street, Dwight's at the corner, and a well know spot called Max's Steak sandwich in between.
The atmosphere is loud,and full of life. 
Great drinks,and food. 
So if your looking a for spot to eat,and get your drink on,come down to the Clock Bar.Only place in this city where u can get: 
1) a fish sandwich
2) a set of queen or full size sheets
3) and a bootleg DVD
All while having a drink at the bar. This place is SUPER hood, but I think that's part of the charm...lolThis place is so much fun!!!!! The crab legs are beyond this world!!! The frozen drinks just add a great touch to this bar.. music was good! You could buy music on the little touchscreen juke box but we bought least 30 songs and was just jammin!!! The bartenders were so sweet! Its right next to MAX`S . Of course it was the one drunk rude uncle in there but he didnt mean no harm!  We stayed for hours! Can't wait to come back n get some more crab legs !!Before I get to it, GREAT SHRIMP. A 4 out of 5 for the platters!!!!!!The cooks are good. The people depending on the day you go are ok too. 
I had been to this place a hand full of times prior to this 1 star review I am putting up! At NO TIME  did I have to pay for water because I was always a good paying customer. The next day I come to enjoy my time and all of a sudden the bartender that served me the times before says this time around that for a CUP of ice water is a $1.00 and $2.00 if it's bottled.  I was totally caught off guard and highly upset. #1 The server takes all day to give you a drink and texts on her phone constantly even when it's not busy in the place!!!  You would think even when you use their ATM machine (ATM $1.60 fee), put $10 worth of music in the juke box, give the worker a tip, order 2 platters($22 total) and bring friends to drink that the least they would give you is good customer service and a glass of WATER.... I guess I did not do enough !!! Like this is crazy , I was not in there to just be there..I was a damn good paying customer to sit and have a good time and forget about my problems BUT I guess I can't. ICE WATER SHOULD BE FREE TO PAYING CUSTOMER!!!!!!!!!!! The bartender sucked ass!!!I gave one star because it's really small in there .  My friends and I went on a game weekend so it was expected . It was wayyy too congested in the building . Food was pretty good though .Came here in the summer on the 4th of July and it was ok. The crowd is like 40 years and over which was pretty annoying since I'm only 22. The bartender was really nice. We had these alcohol water ice/slushies that were ok. They could've been stronger. Maybe my opinion is biased because I'm a student and like more modern bars, but I probably won't be going back to this bar. There was this drunk Oldhead there singing his heart out but he got thrown out because he was making a scene. To me, he was the best the bar had to offer lol. This is a local bar, don't get ur hopes up too high if ur looking for an extravagant experience. It's in the middle of the hood and it isn't that big so it gets packed fast. You don't really need to get dressed up to come here. Please don't waste money on a new outfit.They have alcoholic slushy drinks that are really good. I usually don't like sweet drinks but they are strong and they give you a lot. You tell them what type of liquor you like and the bartender will customize your drink. 
I love the mussels. They have a tons of minced garlic and seasoning. They are pretty big. If your trying to watch you salt intake not the best place to go. I like the snow crabs. Macaroni salad is good.
Cash only. In the hood. Front cashier has attitude problem but the food is good so I don't care. Usually find parking nearby. People selling shit will try to harass you to buy shit. Sometimes I wanna just get my food and eat in peace.Nothing like a great frozen drink alongside seafood. The drinks were really good and thank god they didn't use bottom shelf alcohol. The food was seasoned very well and their sauces were delicious . The atmosphere is definitely not ideal but then again it's located in a sketchy neighborhood. 
The evening I went was abruptly cut short when a man that seemed to be a neighborhood local not only asked for a taste of my food but for me to buy him a drink to wash it all down. I immediately lost my appetite and was out the door in less than two seconds before he'd ask for my wallet .My husband has friends in Philadelphia .. every time we come visit The first we do is head to the clock bar. The food is fantastic and you can't beat the price. Can't wait to come visit again and get some spicy crab and some big shrimps. I'm dreaming of this stuff!I drive for the white fish platter! The food is seasoned well and very buttery (so I don't eat too often). It's cash only. The only problem is the seating.Definitely a small "hood" bar but I love this place! $1 for 3 songs in the jukebox and some awesome seafood!
Try the "Fruit Loop" drink when you go! ;-)Dungeness crab with a side of fries and corn
It's hard to find Dungeness crab cooked to near perfection. It's here and it's hot. I only come here for my Dungeness crab. Thank you Clock Bar.I've had pretty good experiences (namely 3) with the Clock Bar. The drinks are awesome it's always lively and the food is amaze-balls and not too pricey. 
So the obvious question: Why do I give it one star?
Well, I ordered my food one evening and while waiting patiently for my food I was able to get a pretty decent view of the kitchen and how the food was being prepared and I spotted in the kitchen a cockroach.
Granted this was maybe 3 years ago, but it was enough to put a bad taste in my mouth and I refuse to knowingly pay for food (which is VERY good) where cockroaches are able to roam freely.  Even if by some fluke that was a rogue roach I would never be able to dine there again, which is a shame because the food and drinks are very good.A hood gem, I usually order a "smooth bitch" and shrimp.  drinks can be hit or miss depending on the bartender however still good. This small place can get packed like sardines on a friday night, which I usually avoid coming then anyhow. Overall not bad and worth trying if u never been, also cash only!!Ok, so this was my first time actually here.
I have eaten food from this establishment, but it was brought to me. I did eat food again this visit. both times, I have no complaints about the food I received. To me, I don't see what all of the hype is about... The food just tastes regular to me. I would eat it again if I was in the area though.
Now for the bar section. It was SO crowded. So much so I wasn't even in there for 10 minutes. If I had stayed longer, it would have probably just gotten worse space wise. They need more organization with the food ordering, and pick up, because the way they have it set up causes congestion near the entrance. It's just too small in there for the volume they attract.
I appreciate that there is no cover charge, because if there was I would have been a little upset.
Parking, I found parking relatively close. Meter parking, which doesn't need to be paid after a certain time.Seafood is good and fresh and the drinks are strong! Yea, it's just a neighborhood bar, but it's a good one-during the daylight hours!Decor is no stars. You'd think the owners would invest some of the money they make to redecorate this trashy looking place. Seats have no cushion at all and are very uncomfortable. Has the same look since 1980's. Food is 4 stars. It is delicious and very flavorful. Delivery should be an option which is why I gave it 4 stars. Drinks are watered down and gets 2 stars. Total rating for this spot is 3 stars and I am being generous.Really good fried shrimp and mussels.   Don't fool w crab cake.   Mixed drinks can't go wrong.The Clock Bar has been "Hood Famous" for years!  I returned recently and I see it still maintains the crown for some of the best seafood and drinks for low costs around the Philly area.  I see that you still need to pick the day and time carefully when you come to the CB.  If you choose wrong - it will be standing room only.  If you are not ready to handle the patrons who may frequent this establishments (this is code for the shady and sketchy folks that may be up in the joint...LOL).  You may encounter (Brotherman - selling socks, glasses or t-shirts).  I actually got some knockoff Burberry glasses for $20 while eating my delicious crab legs and shrimp meal. The music is always on point, so much so - you may get up and dance with the others (after you had one of the slushy drinks - that is if there is room in the bar on your visit...LOL
I enjoyed my return to the Clock Bar and say - if you are in the area - put your judgement aside and give it a try!  You will see what all the talk is about ;-)If you want a tasty reasonably priced seafood platter, this is the place to be. DUNGENESS CRAB LEGS ARE A MUST!! Usually gets crowded after 7 especially Friday and Saturday. Seating is limited. Make sure you get their signature drink- THE SMOOTHIE. Made with white or dark liquor. Bar waitress may add Swedish Fish, Nerds, Gummi Bear in your smoothie for an added touch!Boy Oh boy' how do I love the clock bar! Out side there bootleg dvd/ cd sellers so u an your lady friend can have y'all nights soundtrack after you get tipsy from the clock bars' famous slushies.. Take her back to the cribo u kno u kno don't play dumb.... The crabs definitely be crackin in that jawn too make sure you get a seat doe cuz it be dumb crowded that's what I hate all in all the clock is a solid place. S/o Kevin hartThis my other spot after I get me a philly cheese from next door the two females  behind the bar make up all.kinds of slushies circo slishies wit candy jolly  ranchers slishies etc the  ciroc slushie has all the dif flavors of ciroc so u know its strong as hell and good as hell and if she made too much she wld give u the extra cup. Also the food smell good as hell but I never had it this is my next favorite spot lololGreat drinks awesome food!! but it's in the hood. There slushy alcohol beverages are there specialty!! Also right next to Max's steaksThis place is ghetto and unprofessional. I have a service animal.  I went in ordered crabs and sat down to order a drink.  The bartender (fat black girl) I think her name is Cynthia. She screamed from the other end of the bar and told me I have to move closer to her because her voice is hoarse.  I then asked if she can walk to the other end of the bar and she caught an attitude.  After 15 minutes she finally made her way to the other side of the bar to take my order and was very rude and disgusting.  After about a half hour she walked around to the other side of the bar to where I was sitting and started yelling at me and threatened to physically remove me.  This lady was crazy.  She was cursing and yelling.  This place needs to get shit down for hiring bartenders like that.  Very uncomfortable experience.  I would proceed with caution when entering this place.  I am considering pressing charges.I did not want to rate this establishment because I had a terrible experience. The bartender was good and when I ordered food it was terrible. No remorse from anyone instead another lady came upstairs and decided to get confrontational about why I came up to her to let someone know about the bad food. As a person that enjoys Max's cheesesteak and even the Eagles bar I expected better food and service.I love the seafood here. The drinks are always strong and tasty. I come here for the huge fried crab cakes and the crab legs which lay in a bed of butter. Gets crowded on weekend nights. It's in the hood btw.Very very good seafood I would recommend it to others.... the drinks are delicious I always get the fruitloop drink really tastyGreat music, cool people, and strong drinks! This place is nice. Came here to eat my enormous sandwich from Next door and the bartender gave us plates and napkins. I got an apple martini where there was plenty left over. I had the rest in a side cup and refilled it a few times. Those drinks- one and your tipsy and two call an Uber. They played smooth R & B old school- classics. It was super crowded, but came on a holiday weekend. They have bar seating and booths. There were people in line for the place next door, several at the bar, etc. it's a nice spot to check out.Always a great spot to get some crab legs, mussels and shrimp! The slushies are delicious and you can ask for whatever alcohol/flavor combo you'd like! They often give you two cups because of how much they make... On the wrong night like tonight, they just give you one lol 
If you don't like crowds, I'd suggest you come right after work or midday. The later it gets the more closely you'll get to know your neighbor... They'll basically be sitting in your lap or all up on your back.Went to the Clock Bar with my Bff tonight. The bartender I hope I have her name right Anita or it maybe Annette Her skills as a mixologist & customer service are definitely off the hook. Stop tipping these ladies a $1.00 they are worthy of much more. I drive from The lower part of Newark Delaware. And if I can tip well, those that live close by can definitely show this Sistah some love. Her drinks are off the hook!When I first walked in I was greeted by no one so  didn't know if I had to wait to be seated or the bartender or woman taking the food orders would seat us. Then trying to order a simple drink was a bit of an adventure because the bartender was off her rocker drunk. After deciding to seat myself I was entertained more by the bartender who had started twerking to the music and I was close to leaving until the food came. I had snow crab clusters and corn that was that best I've had in awhile. I think I would go back sometime soon, hopefully the bartender is sober next time! LolThis is my bestie's favorite seafood spot...and one of my fav spots for a NICE slushee drink...we got there around 6...but waited until 630 for the bar tender "Tammy" to startnher shift because Tammy's drinks are awesome! 
I don't eat seafood but my bestie loves their steamed shrimp and their butterfly shrimp...I ordered corn...and my corn was OMGGGGG soooo scrumptious !!! I mean like seriously, I've never eaten  a corn that tasted soooo doggone good! 
I took away a star because of the wait time, because this place can typically get crowded no matter what time Of day that you come in there so just beware of the wait time and the bathrooms are teeny and tiny...but if you are into the sea..this is your go to place!!! My BF literally craved this seafood a few times a week it's so irking lolll but apparently everyone craves their seafood..and seafood and veggies is the only thing that they sell.This bar is great. It has great slushes and great seafood. The bar is an old school kinda vibe if you're into old school hip hop (80's). We ordered steamed mussels, a crab cake and triedd shrimp. We also ordered twoo slushees called the sweet Bitch  which was blended up with a lot of different liquors. The shrimp were good. They wEre huge! Butterflies, and it was just right as far as price. The decor was dated, and the seats were very old and seemed a little  unsafe because when you'd sit on them you're thinking if it's gonna collapse on you. Otherwise the food was good. The crab cake to me needed something else. It was full of crab meat and fried with panko. All in all 3 stars. The staff were all friendly and the drinks were good. Check pics belowI use to come here all the time for there seafood but they fall off the shrimps mushy and they had the nerve to go up on their prices won't be returning.I seen comments about fellow Yelpers say how they have a good time sitting inside. I'm glad to say me tooooo ! This is a real laid back place. You don't need all the glitz and glam. You can just come in wearing jeans or sweats, hair in a ponytail with some sneakers....or at least that's what I do. 
But don't let this little charm fool you the food here is good. I always get the same thing crabs, shrimp and mussels. I may look tiny but I love to eat and I have to order more than one thing. Every time I come here the food is always on point. However, lately during the rise of covid cases I've only done take out.This place rocks! I live in MD but this place is the original "crab boss" it has flavor, lawd those garlicky buttered drenched crablegs and succulent corn aint nothing to mess with! I love this place, dont ger here often but I do miss it. Yeah it's in the hood but that's why it's so darn good! Order you some crablegs, sit down and enjoy yourself with a mice cold strong drank! Better than the others, you can't go wrong!The vibe was right and the food was delicious. I went there after one of my night classes at a college near by. This was my first time ever stepping food inside this establishment. There was many people enjoying themselves. I didn't grab a table I decided to sit at the bar . I order a Henny and coke, the cost was about 12.00. It was a nice size but it just had too much ice.  I order 6 colossal shrimp that was 13.50 and ended up getting two extra shrimp. The sauce that the shrimp was smothered in, was top notch. My Friends that I came with were also pleased with their meals and the atmosphere. It was good to see many Afro -American faces. It was a embracing presence.Such a nice chilled atmosphere to hang and just get yourself a good drink. I thoroughly enjoyed myself at the Clock bar, a couple weeks ago.
You definitely have to show ID before getting in, however security was very friendly as a matter of fact everyone was super friendly, even the bartender. They also offer seafood, that I have to try the next time I visit. They have seatings at the booth or by the bar, please note that this place can get pretty crowded but everyone was on they grown ish,  their was no petty drama. At the bar, I ordered a delicious slushy drink with candy, I had pineapple and peach it was 14.00 for two glasses that my friend and I had shared together so not bad. 
Overall the Clock bar is the place to be on a Saturday night, it offers good music, good vibes and a straight hood atmosphere that a round the way girl like me can appreciate!This place is where it's at if you're looking for the latest music, great food and delicious drinks. I haven't been here in years but it was  ice to return. I had a slushy drink that was so tasty. Everyone appeared to be enjoying the food, music and vibes. They do card you and check your bag bit I was fine with that. Actually felt good getting carded lol. The place is small but people excused themselves. Next time I come I'm getting some seafood.I came here after getting a cheesesteak from Max's next door (at the recommendation of my Uber driver).  I was told they had excellent alcoholic slushies. We went in there with our cheesesteaks in tow and asked for the strongest frozen drinks they had and was told they were called a Smooth B****. It had Hennessy and various mixers in it. We were surprised when we received the drinks because we were each given two full cups for the price of one. The pricing seemed inconsistent, but it appears to depend on if you are given two full cups or less. It was $14 when we were given two full cups and less when given less. The drinks had a decent amount of alcohol in it... enough to get you to a happy place. 
Although I had a cheesesteak that I barely finished, I couldn't resist sampling something off the seafood menu because it looked and smelled delicious. I opted for the steamed shrimp and the seasoning was everything. The shrimp were jumbo and well worth the price. 
Although the food and drinks were good, the bar is a bit outdated and not the cleanest place to go. However, I wasn't expecting it to be anything fancy.Love the clock bar! I've been going here for well over 18 yrs. The food is fresh, and the portions are plentiful. The drinks are delicious and truly have enough alcohol. It's a crowded, fun environment. The neighborhood is a little sketchy, you need to be street wise. Just enjoy the foodBest and cheapest seafood that you'll find in the city. The mussels and dungeness crabs are my menu favs,...loaded with lots of butter and chopped garlic. So tasty! I seriously go here EVERY wk. They have really good fried fish as well. Also, the bartenders are awesome! Grab a "Smooth B*tch" or "Crazy B*tch" to go with your seafood and I guarantee you'll only need one drink!...Since moving to ATL , one thing I missed was coming uptown Philly to eat some crabs. Mix it up with the signature frozen drinks..."99 Problems"or " Smooth Bitch " and as they say in Philly.. "Them Jawns Is good"!!!!I can't even begin to tell you how long Clock bar has been in my bookmarks.  On Sunday afternoon as I'm lounging trying to figure out what to do.. Up pops a photo from Tim P. I say hmm clock bar.. and that's how we ended up here.  
I had been told on many occaision not to expected anything fancy walking in, but good drinks, good food and good prices.. Well that's just what I got.  I imagined it bigger, it's really not big the bar extends the length of the place and a booths along the other end of the wall.  You go up and order at the order window which is near the beginning of the bar, they use a mic to call your number once your food is done.. or if you are a regular they will literally just call you out, all in good fun I'm guessing.  
It wasn't crowded, but it was loud, not rowdy, just loud. The patrons were all very chill, laughing engrossed in conversation, much more relaxed than I expected, but maybe due to it being fairly early on a Sunday, had it been a Friday night, I'm thinking it would have been a much different feel.  Hustle man did pass through while we were there, lol nothing of interest, but man it had been a while, memories. 
Drinks are ordered separate from food, from the bar... I ordered a smooth bitch, based on a tip from Yelp.. it was delicious and Strong! I got one and a 1/2 cups cause it was so much.. to go cups might I add! I love you fellow yelpers, shout out to all the great tips provided on a daily.. I got the Shrimp platter, from the order window mentioned earlier, their shrimp is really freaking good... Their jumbo, nice in size and pretty freaking tasty! I'll definitely be back the food and drink were A1!Clock Bar has the perfect name because let me tell y'all it is always a TIME (no pun intended )! A true Philly staple & only the real Philly Jawns go to Clock. Located on Broad & Erie in North Philly, it can be seen as a sketchy area of town, however, the people are really down to earth and the heart & soul of Philly. As soon as I walked into Clock Bar, a woman asked me if I was interested in buying perfume oils - gotta love it, the patrons are about their hustle! 
If you want a less hectic experience, it's recommended to go early in the day (although I went at 2:30pm and it was still lively). The seafood is AMAZING and everything is served in to go containers even if you're dining in (walk up to the front to place your order and have cash on deck because it's a CASH ONLY establishment). Clock Bar is most known for its colossal shrimp, however, the mussels are slept on and my favorite selection (probably the best mussels I've ever had). I hear the crab legs are great too.
And the best part is that they serve these reasonably priced super sized slushies for $12-14 and you can even take them to go! Generally they are garnished with candy (e.g. the Fruit Loop has a Dum Dum Pop on top) which makes it a fun experience not to mention drink names like Smooth Bitch are quite entertaining. Can't wait to return to Clock Bar because it's for the culture!Aah, The Clock Bar....my best friend and I just got back from eating there this evening but we are no strangers to this joint. We have both been living in DE for years now but we are born and bred North Philadelphians. With that said no matter how long we have been away when we come back to The Clock Bar we always feel right at home and leave satisfied. Here are my tips:
Understand that yes this is a dive bar but one with outstanding seafood, drinks and bartenders. I have been coming here since the late 1990's and they still rock. That track record should speak for itself.
Yes, it can get  congested at the front. Step in, step to the side and then step up to the window when its time to place your order. Look up for the menu. Take your ticket and go to the bar and order a Smooth Bitch. They will call you when your order is ready. 
You seat yourself. Some times are more crowded than others. Be patient, the booths turn over quickly so don't let that deter you. But if its not happening quickly enough, your order is already bagged to go and if you didn't know, your drink(s) can be too. Just ask for a lid.
And last, I have been to the Clock Bar during every time of the day and the clientele can run the gamut. This is a bar in a hustling part of the city but everyone in there is there for the same reason.... good food and good drinks. So relax and don't take it to seriously. Enjoy what the atmosphere has to offer and you will have a good time. Plus you might leave with some bootleg DVD's, some white tee's, possibly some socks and maybe even some candy.Let's get right to it........  this spot used to be one of the premier sit down, drink and eat seafood spots. The seafood was as dope as the drinks. Depending on ya tolerance level, the area could be considered kinda sketch.. my wife will only go there during the day... me.... Let's have it at any time! Over the years tho..... the quality of the seafood has been tremendously lacking. You're not getting the amount you're supposed to get (I guess they can blame Covid) but also, the quality ain't there like it used to be. Shrimp still got poop in it, mussels seem like they've been bathed in salt (I guess they keep em in salt cause they don't sell like that). I'm a true skeptic when it comes to certain things and if I didn't know any better I'd say the owners are gtn too comfortable serving their customers sub par quality. It's ashame too. We miss the old days of it being the best of the best... hopefully it'll return.Some of the best seafood in the city without pulling on your wallet's heartstrings lol. Located at Germantown and Erie Avenues, it isn't known for dirty martinis, manhattans, white tablecloths or a sports coat. I grew up in the neighborhood so I'm used to all the shenanigans of surrounding areas. Some call it "sketchy". Clock Bar is small with a few booths to sit and enjoy your crab legs, fish platters or crab cakes. CB is also known for some of the largest drinks and their Slushies! They are strong and pack a punch. Coming in at $14 each, they come in TWO cups and can be split between two people. They are made in batches when the bar is busy so get your order in while the bartender is making them or wait another 15 minutes for the next batch. Picture below.Love the clock bar! I've been going here for well over 18 yrs. The food is fresh, and the portions are plentiful. The drinks are delicious and truly have enough alcohol. It's a crowded, fun environment. The neighborhood is a little sketchy, you need to be street wise. Just enjoy the foodWhere should I start.....?
I love this place!! If you're gonna go, why not enjoy and experience all that it has to offer. 
Friday and Saturday nights are the best.. Call ahead and make reservations for 9pm-10pm. The place gets a little crowded. But it's worth the trip... Street parking only, unless you don't mind parking in Temple Hospital garage and walking a short couple blocks... On a nice night, the walk is enjoyable. 
Approaching this fine establishment, there will be several friendly gentlemen saying hello, shaking hands, rubbing several fragrant oils on your wrists and sleeves, offering previews to the latest movies, and t-shirts for the latest cause that has the country stirred up...
When you get to the door, there will be another gentleman there to greet you... Men, just put your hands in the air... He's just gonna do a quick pat down... Walk in slowly and check the width of the door... It's a little wider than your shoulders, and the inside is roughly 4 1/2 door widths across all the way to the back... 
There will be plenty of people inside. Be prepared to say excuse me a hundred times while making your way through and squeezing your way close to the bar in order for the bartender to hear what you want... If you take a look around, there will likely be no booths to sit at, meaning someone else took your reservations!! No problem... The bar is still open... Make eye contact with the bartender and put up one finger for each slushie you want.. She'll be dancing and singing. But she won't forget you... When you see a seat open at the bar, slide yourself into it before someone else do... 
Now to the food... I have never eaten inside this place.. but I have taken plenty of orders out. The snow crab legs are probably the biggest and best seasoned that I've had anywhere. I get mine extra spicy... The shrimp are huge, never overcooked, and worth every cent they charge... And if I'm not mistaken, the inexpensive star of the kitchen is the fried fish.. For $6, you get 2 fried whiting filets with either fries or corn. 
Place your order and you'll receive a number.. They'll call it when your food is ready...
There's a sign above the kitchen window that says no tipping...
LMAO... Excuse me for a second.. I laughed just typing that... You're gonna be asked for.a tip!! But it's a courtesy/gratuity... No pressure. No hard feelings if you choose not to...lol. (sorry). 
I say enjoy the drinks, the crowd, and the food... 
You'll be talking about this place for days after you leave, and looking forward to returning. 
That's the slushie effect!!I've been coming here for crabs since I moved to Philly almost 5 years ago. It's in the hood, the staff can be a bit rude, & it's loud. If you eat in I can guarantee someone will approach your table trying to sell you something, it's small & usually packed. I endure it all for the food. The crabs are excellent & recently I tried their crab cakes which are delicious too. They also make really strong fruity drinks if you're into that. I prefer to eat in at the eagle bar which is on the other side of the famous max's cheesesteak spot. It's all owned by the same people, you can order from the clock bar at eagles. I recommend ordering pick to avoid all the commotion but sometimes they don't answer the phone. 4 stars because the food here is excellent.