Cochon is an interesting match to Bibou, another bistro in South Philadelphia. I think they are both outstanding, Bibou for its subtle yet exotic flavors, Cochon for its more rustic yet undenyable attraction of earthier flavors. Both excel in that difficult-to-define balance of flavors, where you revel in the fresh and unique flavor nuances that make these places special. The personality of the restaurant is soft and cozy, and clearly most of the clients are true foodies. Staff is comfortable, maybe not as solid as Bibou, but suitable for what Cochon is aiming to be. It's all about how you define yourself. A gem.If I never went to a restaurant on a busy Saturday night again it would be too soon.  Went to this cozy french byo on a Wednesday night this spring.  Delightfully quiet.  Our party of two requested a four top and got it, rather than behind a party of six leaving no breathing room at the suggested two top.  Anyway, on to the good stuff.  Of course, we brought a bottle of wine and once seated it was quickly opened.  Our waiter was gracious.  I was a little put off that he had to read the specials off his pad.  Having been trained in fine dining myself, this is a no no.  But no matter because he was knowledgeable and helpful the whole way through.  We started off with escargot and the fried oysters.  I had never tried escargot before and was super excited.  And rightfully so because they were awesome.  The fried oysters-perfection.  Just outstanding!!!  Entrees: the pork trio and the duck breast.  I, too, believe in playing to a restaurants strength so I went with the pork.  Generally good with meat falling off the bone tenderness, I was a little disappointed the meat was so fatty.   I have a thing with fat that I can see so clearly.  That thing is not eating it. :)  But overall the dish was good.  The duck breast was cooked to perfection and delicious. For dessert:  strawberry rhubarb served with buttermilk ice cream.  To. Die. For.   I would absolutely recommend Conchon to friends and family.Came here last Tuesday night just out of the blue. Its a nice, intimate scene. It was quite empty, even for a tuesday night. The 3of us ordered the escargot, frog legs for apps. The escargot was classic french style and we enjoyed them very much. Frogs legs were crispy and moist and i would recommend them as well. FOr entrees we had the short rib, pork trio, and pork chop all were very good. Pork chop was my favorite. Portions are large and thte pricea are not outrageous. Definitely coming back.Love this place! I don't need to say much except that the chef really put his heart and soul into each of his dishes. My personal favorite is the duck breast specialty dish. I am still craving it even after just having it! I've gotten my sister to fall in love with this place so, yes we will definitely become regulars here.Recently went for a Bday celebration... certainly the pork is the house specialty but I really enjoyed the scargots for appetizer... was not impressed by the pork in entree.
Will come back for sunday brunch and update... BYOB is certainly a plus and the place is very cozy as wellIt's been a while since I was at Cochon and the memories I had of a lovely dinner were rewarded with yet another wonderfully tasteful meal. Chef Anthony creates classic yet inspired French dishes with ease. The boudin noir was probably the best I have ever had. The duck confit left me as quiet as a church mouse as I silently enjoyed every morsel so perfectly prepared. The wait staff is genuinely caring and efficient. Highly recommend Cochon.I love this place! As pig is my favorite food group (yes, I said food group), this place is like a little gift from the gods. Where else can you get pig in your app, pig in your entree, and pig in your dessert? If you know somewhere else, tell me please! In the mean time, this is pig heaven. I almost drove 45 minutes to go there just for dessert last week. See you soon!!!!BYOB. Cash only.
Opentable will not let you make large reservations for this place because the restaurant is so small that they'd have to move tables around to accommodate parties of 4 or more.
It's a few blocks away from South Street, but the food is fantastic. Not a lot of vegetarian options, but you'll love this place if you love pork. I was disappointed in my scallops only because I didn't get full off such a small portion (5 scallops and some rice, really? What did I just pay for?)Holy Pig. I mean this place really knows how to get down with the swine. First off the outside of the restaurant has a very bistro and welcoming feel, the inside is cozy and dim with lots of small tables all close to one another. 
I started off with the scallops, they were perfectly seared and really melted in my mouth. They came with a nice lightly dressed salad that went perfectly. My companion started off with the boudin blanc which was basically a pork sausage in a lentil and mustard seed puree. 
For dinner I went with the slow roasted pork belly, and Companion went with one of the specials for the evening, the bone-in pork shoulder. Both of us couldn't get enough of our meals. 
The pork belly was so incredibly tender that you could slice through it with your fork. Even though it appeared a little fatty, once it was in your mouth it didnt even matter. The skin was crisp and the meat was soft and tender. The pork belly came with a side dish of beans that didn't even compare to the wonderful flavor of the pork. I could've done without it, but I understand that they wanted a little more on the plate. 
The pork shoulder  was perfectly browned and crispy and the meat was tender. My only complaint would be that there wasn't a ton of flavor to the meat. The shoulder came with roasted root vegetables which were cooked perfectly. 
For dessert we split the short-bread pudding with pecan ice cream. It was tasty and the perfect portion for each of us to get a taste without feeling stuffed after. 
The waitstaff was nice and helpful. I've said it before in reviews, but I love when they aren't afraid to make a real recommendation. My companion was first going to try the rabbit dish, but the waitress instead recommended the special which she said was a real crowd favorite.Went to this place with a big group of friends which can always be a challenge. But, it turned out great! It's a cute little place, with really nice servers and fast service. We first split a bunch of apps and the escargot was delicious! All my friends who had the lamb (the special of the night) said it was amazing. I got the rainbow trout which was average, however the mashed potatoes and asparagus were cooked and seasoned perfectly. 
Then dessert! I had the poor mans cake (I think that was the name) and it was amazing. I would go back just for that. My friends just had to try the trio of ice-cream- because it included bacon ice cream! Everyone took a tiny taste and it actually tasted like bacon. Crazy! 
Overall: expensive but not as much as you'd think. Expected the decor to be a little more fancy.If eating the feet of pigs is wrong, then I don't want to be right.  
WHO KNEW FEET COULD BE SO DELICIOUS?!  I have seriously found myself staring lustfully at the feet of any and every one I see wondering if they too would be as delicious if they were deep fried and served on a bed of pickled cabbage.  Winter cannot come soon enough.  I am in desperate need of people to cover their lower extremities up with some Uggs and/or Hunter boots stat. If this is one of the app specials of the night, dive in. It'll be the one time you won't regret putting a foot in your mouth (unless you're into that kind of thing. Literally or figuratively).
And I would be remiss in my duties as a faithful Yelper and lover of all things sweet and decadent if I did not properly extol the wonder that was the Poor Man's Bread Pudding.  Good lawd.  It was like a perfectly undercooked pancake where a little bit of your bacon grease (in the form of ice cream) sneaks its way on top.  You are a failure in life if you come here and do not order this.  Definitely one of the best desserts in Philly (and I know my desserts).  
Pork Shoulder?  Also great. You cannot go wrong in my book topping anything with a fried egg, but it did not quite blow me away like the other twos did.  But to be fair, this was my dining partner in crime's favorite dish of the evening.  
And to Cochon and your wonderful chefs and staff I say, THANK YOU for a porkfect anniversary meal.  Oink oink!Took my husband here after picking him up at PHL from a two week trip to brazil. Ryan was our waiter. He was helpful with our BYOB wine and the menu. It is small but pretty inside. All things PIGGY are featured. We had a wonderful dinner, dessert and wine. The night was magician and we even enjoyed a walk around the area. We needed it from all the food. Will go back and would recommend.I finally made it back to Cochon for dinner.  Wow.  Five of us went and five of us left totally content.  There is a lot of good food in Philadelphia, but this was easily one of the best meals I've had since moving here in 2007.  Every dish from the escargot to the pheasant that was on special to the standby pork dishes were spot on, full of flavor, portioned well, and left one feeling that all was good in the world, at least for a few hours.  What else do you need?As a foodie group destination, we found the place more than enjoyable.
Cochon hosted the foodie group for the 9th event and I'd like to thank Amy Giuffi for being so great to deal with and helping to organize this great meal. Her enthusiasm to host us was key to making this dining experience so fun and delicious. Gene Giuffi's menu was a combination of some wonderful staples from their menu as well as some more adventurous and savory rarities that were a treat for us pork loving foodies.
As a group of 30, we were not very quiet. We had brought plenty of wine etc and the place was roaring with banter (admittedly, most from my table). One thing I did manage to hear repeatedly, over all that, was how much every course was so "delicious", "the definition of savory" and "oh my god this is good".
Sitting next to my mom, there was an agreement. We were careful to not order any of the same things and therefore try as much as possible. The salad started off with a remarkable perfectly dressed salad which was light and refreshing.
For the Appetizer :
Feeling the responsibility to take advantage of the "adventurous" items, we ordered the Crispy Pigs Feet Croquette and also The Roasted Pork Belly. The croquette was really good and so interesting. It was full of flavors I couldn't quite identify and after asking the waitress I found out some of the main ingredients. Unfortunately my memory is filtered with really great wine that I mooched off of my table-mates, so nutmeg is the only spice I can sort of remember. I found my Mom was a little less in sharing with her Pork Belly, it was so indulgent and rich that I hope they add this one to the regular menu soon. I definitely intend to return for this... perhaps without my mom. (shhh, dont tell her)
For the Entree:
I ordered the Slow-Roasted Pork Shoulder over Lentils duPuy Brussels sprouts with poached egg while mom ordered the Heritage Pork Loin stuffed with boudin noir sausage and pine nuts. These dishes were not "elf food" as someone pointed out. The servings were generous and the food so rich and flavorful, I would consider these in the category of French comfort food. The Pork shoulder was so tender and juicy, and over amazing lentils but what surprised me the most was that the brussels sprouts were so good! Normally, I hate brussels sprouts! The Pork loin was equally great and the potato accompaniment was really delicious. Unfortunately, at way too early a point, we found ourselves getting full too soon! Fortunately that gained me a take-home lunch for the next day, which was like re-living a very happy memory .
For dessert:
We shared the Creme Brulee and the Warm Chocolate cake with ice cream. While these dishes are not at all adventurous nor unique, they were made perfectly. These did not go unfinished. And to add to that extra happy-stuffed-pig feel, I enjoyed truly excellent coffee. I can't emphasize enough how good coffee acts as the perfect punctuation for any great meal to me.
Excellent warm service and exquisite gourmet approach to pork!
Cant wait to go back for the duck.Ahh pork. My favorite food group.
This review is quite belated, though the evening's details still stick in my mind. My thoughtful boyfriend took me here for a romantic Valentine's Day dinner. We brought our own bottle of wine and they were serving a lovers' prix-fixe menu only. No matter, everything that came to the table from their teeny little kitchen was lovely, from light salads to succulent entrees, followed with warm indulgent desserts.
Service was friendly and not chatty (just the way I like it for a romantic dinner).  It's a very very small restaurant and got a bit noisy at times. Looking forward to going back for another fancy date to try the regular menu, perhaps on a less busy night.
Had to stifle my laughter at a whiny woman and her poor boyfriend at the next table. Lady was complaining about a lack of vegetarian options on the fixed one-night-only menu, though they hadn't called ahead or made a reservation. Seriously? The restaurant is called Cochon. That means pig! You know, the delicious kind you eat?We recently went on a Saturday evening with another couple and everyone was blown away with their food.
We had the Steamed Clams, Pork Milanese, Short Ribs, Lamb Shoulder, and Pork Tenderloin.  Everything was so delicious I blacked out and don't remember much details but it was a whirlwind of sharing bites of tender meat perfectly cooked with the perfect accompaniments.  
Service was great-- can not wait to return!My girlfriend requested this delightful place for her birthday meal and I have to say I was reluctant as I'm a life-long vegetarian.  However, after a quick phone call to let them know a non-pork lover would be dining they set me up with an excellent dinner of fingerling potatoes, haricots verts and chickpea fritters- far from the second-thought vegetarian options that so often accompany the haunts of devoted carnivores.  Both of our meals were beyond expectation (she had the escargots and pork three ways and I can't say I wasn't a little envious) and our server was a gem; funny and charming without being overbearing.  We will definitely be back, especially since we left with full stomachs *and walllets!While making brunch plans, a friend suggested Cochon and for the last week I've been looking forward to the meal. We arrived around 1:30 and from the outside looking in, the place looked packed. However, once we put our name in, we only waited a few minutes before being seated.
The wait staff was really friendly and laughed with us, not at us, when we had difficulty pronouncing the names of the dishes. She even admitted to us that she herself didn't know how to say a few of the names, mainly because the dishes were new to the menu.
My friend had the steak and eggs, and I enjoyed eggs baked with sausage and ham. I'd love to go back again!Cochon has wonderful food! I've been there a number of times and always had great meals. Definitely not a place for people who don't eat meat, but if you like meat -- particularly pork-- you'll be a very happy camper here. BYOB, though, which I always kind of like, but it something to be aware of. Also Cash Only!I've wanted to visit Cochon for a while, and since I believe in ordering to a restaurant's strength, I always planned to choose among the signature pork dishes.  My plan was frustrated last week when I was taken here for a surprise, romantic dinner.  Cochon was an excellent surprise, and the setting served up romance, but I just wasn't in the mood for pork.  I worried it would be a mistake to eat here without trying the pork belly or pork loin or suckling pig.  The waitress confirmed my worries, and suggested the pork loin.  I didn't listen, however, and had the Magret Duck Breast.  
I was not disappointed.  The duck at Cochon was crisp on the outside, and a perfect medium-rare inside.  It also stood out from many other duck entrees in the city, in that it wasn't covered with a sweet, fruit-based sauce.  There were small hints of pomegranete, but it was never overpowering-- a great step away from the gooey orange sauce that frequently drowns the duck.  
The best part is, it is served with a white bean ragout that is peppered with pieces of pork!  I was able to enjoy the duck and sample some of the pig-based menu.  Delicious.  I'm still thinking about this dish a week later.BRUNCH: what's with brunch on Sunday's only? People drink on Friday night too! Five stars for being down the street, minus one star for I've never been here because there's only brunch on Sunday.I love PIG, and anything and everything made from pig, so when I heard about this place (a restaurant named, "pig"), and after reading all these wonderful reviews, I really wanted to LOVE this place.  But, sadly, I didn't.  Maybe I set my expectations too high, but while I liked the food generally, there was nothing remarkable about the food.  I had the gnocchi for the app and suckling pig as the entree, and while they were both good, I felt like they were both super rich and heavy, which made it hard to finish.  
I will admit that my dessert was amazing.  I got the "poor's man" pudding and it was delicious.  Definitely made up for the app and entree, even though it was also rich.  Not complaining there!  :)This place celebrates pig like no other restaurant in Philly. I mean, even the decor at this BYOB, celebrates pig. There are different kinds of artwork that showcase pig, and my favorite is the hand-drawn chalk one that tells you the different cuts of meat on a pig. 
Now let's talk about the food. I've been to Cochon a few times now, and what keeps driving me to go back to is its pork belly. This small BYOB also serves excellent escargot and crispy chicken livers. Two constant entrees to try ate pan seared duck and fried pork ribs.
Nothing but compliments!!iAte here last night with out of town guests.  One of our best meals!  We had the frog legs and blood sausage for apps.  Entrees were so tasty and wonderfully prepared- duck (best in the city), suckling pig, fried pork chop and trio of pork.  Best desert - poor mans bread pudding, again best I've had in a while.  
We will be returning again soon!Cute french byob with lots of pork options. The poor man's pudding is to die for.We've been here half a dozen times now. The last time was Valentine's Day (I know I'm late.) We've yet to have a bad meal here. Both of us got the pork tasting - just wonderful. I love their fried oysters when they are on the menu - have had them several ways and all have been good. My favorite was when they were served atop a crispy, creamy slaw. Loved the contradiction in soft, warm, unctuous oysters against the cool, crispy slaw. This is without doubt or " go-to" BYO in town.Four of us went a while back, right before they switched to their winter menu actually, and were seated in a dark corner facing the open kitchen. The darkness wouldn't have bothered me if I hadn't wanted to take photographs...flash photography and food simply do not mix (in my humble opinion). 
Other than that, the experience was really nice. I ordered their fried oysters with some jicama type garnish/salad that was just great, great great. The oysters weren't over fried; crispy but moist and all oyster-rific, and the aioli they came with was just right. I had their stand-by pork shoulder with lentils and poached eggs and liked it very much...though I secretly thought that I've made a slightly more tender shoulder, I have never been able to get the fatty outside so crisp. 
My fellow diners' meals, of which I sampled heartily, left me envious on the whole. The chicken livers were great, another friend's tasting menu was surprisingly generous for $35. I will say I found the duck dish overly salted on the skin...but the innards, mmm, the innards.i was a little unsure based on some so-so reviews and my girlfriend and i are quasi-food snobs, but we were very pleasantly surprised
we had the suckling pig and pork shoulder as entrées, both excellent. and the escargot was outstanding.I'm nervous about posting just three stars for Cochon, Bella Vista's much beloved little French BYOB, but after last night's meal, I felt it just wasn't good enough to warrant four or five stars.  It could have been my mood (tense), it could have been the crowd (raucous, thanks to the presence of a Wharton cohort dinner), or it could have been our server (nice, but apologetic and seemed a little nervous).  Or maybe it was the fact that the food, although very good, didn't really seem up to par with the expectations that I had held for it.  Except the dessert, which blew my mind (more on that later).
The menu is concise, with five appetizers, five entrees, and four specials (two for each course).  As the name of the restaurant implies, "la viande de la maison" is pig, so both of us were inclined to get pork as the main dish.  For starters, we began with crispy chicken livers and dep fried oysters.  His chicken livers were pretty good: a little burnt, but juicy little nuggets of meat tucked deep inside a crispy sweet skin.  It kind of reminded me of a high class version of General Tso's Chicken, except with smaller pieces and a less spicy sauce.  My deep fried oysters were pretty good: salty, briny, and a little sweet.  They contrasted nicely with the bacon aioli drizzled on top and the slaw beneath them (a good hit of sweet and salty all at once).  
For our main course, both of us were pleasantly surprised how large the portions were (which is a good thing, considering the average entree will run you $26).  My pork tenderloin was cooked well: juicy and savory, and actually worked pretty well with the ham and potato chowder.  As for the bacon fat broccoli, seemed more like a gimmick than the real deal: the pork and chowder were so full of pig flavors, it didn't really help me pick up any distinguishable notes on the veggie itself.  His pork three ways (a pork sausage, crispy pigs feet, pork belly) was a behemoth of second hand pig meats, proving that any part of the pig is possible to put in your stomach.  The sausage was good, but tasted like something you could easily get for cheap from the Italian Market.  The pork belly and the crispy pigs feet were better; the former had wonderful hickory notes that gave it a smokier flavor than traditional pork belly, while the crispy pigs feet reminded me of an upscale take on scrapple (and please don't tell me how that was made, just let me enjoy it).  On the whole though, while the entrees were good, I didn't really find anything about the dishes that truly sung or would make them exceptional compared to similar meals elsewhere.
However, the dessert was what truly saved our Cochon experience, and why I will one day return either to try more of the dinner menu or the highly praised brunch.  The Poor Man's Pudding, is in fact, one of Philly's best desserts: a crock pot with a giant fluffy shortbread pudding, covered in a light yet flavorful bacon maple glaze and topped with a scoop of bacon ice cream.  It's the equivalent of eating a lazy Sunday morning breakfast, and one of the most creative and unique desserts I've had in a long long time.  It's sweet, salty, and oh so savory.  It could easily go "tete a tete" with Barbuzzo's Salted Caramel Budino for best dessert in Philadelphia.
Overall: I wasn't disappointed with Cochon, but I felt it fell short of the high hopes that I had for it.  Except for a stellar dessert, the plates felt easily replicable at any of Philadelphia's fine dining establishments, and nothing truly stood out to me as extraordinary (especially when you consider the price point).  However, items like the Poor Man's Pudding give me hope that perhaps we just ordered the wrong menu items, so I would return another night (or for brunch) to see if Cochon truly stands up to its highly respected reputation.I had pretty high expectations going into my dinner at Cochon last night, it's been getting so much praise. And it was a good dinner, don't get me wrong. if you like french food (heavy heavy HEAVY) you will like Cochon. But a couple aspects of the dinner just bugged me all night, and that combined with a hefty price tag has left me with 3 stars for this BYO. I'll just run through the dinner...
Before we even ordered, the first disappointment happened: no specials. I can't even remember the last time I went to any restaurant that didn't have SOME special. I'm sure this is not the norm at Cochon, but we were pretty unhappy, especially because we heard they had very creative specials.
Apps: I had quail stuffed with foie gras, she had rabbit ragu on some pasta with a fancy name that I can't remember (on some level, isn't it all just pasta? Where do all these weird names come from...) My quail was very good, cooked well, quite tasty. I'm not even a big foie gras fan, but this was goooood. The rabbit ragu went over well, but we totally had the exact same dish at James not too long ago. Not sure whether chicken or egg came first on that one.
Main course: Probably the biggest stumble of the night. I had 36-hour short ribs. I fancy myself a bit of a rib connoisseur, so I was excited. These were most definitely subpar. I mean, not bad ribs I guess, but they were not very tender, certainly not 36 hour tender. I can make ribs more tender than this in 6 hours on my Weber in my back yard. I also had some 36 hour short ribs at Daniel Boulud's restaurant in Vegas not horribly long ago, and they were 1000 times better. My fiancee has the pot-pie of the day which was made with boar. I think more than anything this was just a poor choice for her, not that it wasn't necessarily made well. The boar was quite gamey, a little too much for her. The pot pie was also steaming hot for like 15 minutes, which made it kind of hard to eat. The whole main course was just "meh." 
Dessert: Best part of dinner. I had an apple-cinnamon bread pudding which was awesome, and she had creme brulee which was also incredible. A nice rebound after a subpar meal.
Overall, I don't know ... maybe my expectations were too high. I think if this meal hadn't cost 100 bucks, it would've definitely been 4 stars, but the steep price tag is forcing my hand on the 3 stars.Why did I wait so long to dine here?
I was thrilled to try this place for my anniversary dinner.  (BYOB & CASH only)
Cutting right to the chase.....
Escargot and Pork Ribs for apps (first plate), Pork Trio and Pork tenderloin for entrees (second plate) and a Creme brulee for dessert.  Every portion was a good size, but a couple could probably do with 1 app and 2 entrees.  Everything was great and I was incredibly full.  The flavors are definitely there.
This is a small place with a romantic feel.  Service was good and intimate.
I want to give 5 stars, but it felt like there's something suspicious with the upkeep.  Meaning it feels a bit "worn down" even with the dim lighting and decor.  Maybe it's a french thing?
Final thoughts:  It was worth the time and money.  GO!Having lived in Philadelphia over ten years ago, I remember when there was not much to eat outside the Old City/Rittenhouse axis. I'm very glad that this has changed, and if Cochon is any indication the old standbys are going to have to seriously up their game.
This restaurant experience was exactly what such a visit should be from start to finish. Pleasant welcome, immediate seating, very friendly and competent service, and mouth-wateringly good food. It's a good thing I don't live close by or my arteries would suffer for it!
Our waiter, Kyle, made us feel very welcome and provided us with excellent service throughout the evening. He popped open our bottles of wine and gave us plenty of time to decide on our meal choices. There were four of us, and for appetizers two chose the spare ribs, one had the escargots, and I had one of their specials - blood sausage. Mine was amazing - certainly the best blood sausage I've ever had and I've had a lot. The escargots were perfectly prepared, and the ribs tasted amazing, with the meat falling off the bone.
For our entrees, we chose the pork chop, the tenderloin, the special pork shank, and I had the slow-roasted pork belly. That last one is basically culinary perfection. Falling-apart tender, hugely flavorful, and supported by pitch-perfect sides - white beans with bacon and perfectly braised greens. I got to taste the others as well, and all were exemplary, especially the shank. That thing is seriously impressive, right out of a Flintstones cartoon. Yet it remains succulent and tasty, with a perfectly crispy and delicious skin. Simply amazing.
For dessert we decided to split one of the bread puddings, since we were all packed to the gills by then. Suffice it to say that it disappeared in a 30-second frenzy. One of the best desserts I've had, and the bacon ice cream does not disappoint.
If you do your research (bring wine, bring cash, take a cab since parking is a pain), this can be a first-rate experience. For us, it was. We can't wait to go back.I went here last night for my birthday with my boyfriend. It was delicious. The inside of the restaurant is intimate. We had the escargots, chicken livers, and fried frogs legs. I didn't like the frogs legs but we got them just to try them; the chicken livers were DELICIOUS!! Then for our entrees, my boyfriend got the suckling pig.. pulled pork off the bone with a fried egg on top and I got the pig cheek. Both were amazing! Our favorite was the poorman's pudding dessert. Our server said it was the best dessert she has had in her life and she's not lying!Cochon is a small BYO restaurant within walking distance from South street in a very neighborhood setting. If you are having dinner here it can be a little dark, tight, and crowded. However, the food is excellent that is if you are a meat eater. This is not a place for vegetarians. And I don't recommended it for kids or groups larger than 6. So far I have been here 3 times and the food has been consistently flavorful and the service is excellent. The restaurant caters to a more mature and experience eater so don't go here if you can't appreciate flavors, spices, and  textures. Bring a good bottle of wine, some cash, and your more sophisticated fiends and you will have a great eating experience without extra fluff. Highly recommend it.If pigs were as smart as they are in  fairytales they would never scuffle past this passyunk spot . 
Armed with two bottles of wine (french of course) CB and i made our way though slightly late to a pig lovers paradise funny enough i don't eat meat and he doesn't eat pork.
After opening our white and giving us the nightly specials our server and the guy he was training brought over warm french baguette and a pepper butter. We were ready to order :
Scallop appetizer 
Fried Oysters w/ bacon aioli
Skate 
Braised Beef Short Ribs and Polenta 
The apps came out pretty quickly and were OMG good. The scallops had a perfect sear and the frisee salad that came along side balanced the dish. The oysters were lightly coated and fried i hadn't expected them to still be so plump but they were not over cooked and still had the rich flavor i love about them.
My skate was slightly pan fried but had the char marks of a grill. It was flaky, moist and tender... i cleaned my plate which is a rarity for me. The green beans and potatoes made this dish pretty filling so i passed off a few off to CB and he eagerly took them :) 
He enjoyed his short ribs very much i didn't get to taste the polenta but it looked creamy and oh so good. The ribs were fork cut tender and the port sauce was the perfect base.
The lava cake fell a little short i was expecting more flavor it was still good but if i ever dine here again id probably go with another dessert. a few that were mentioned made my mouth water. 
Service was good and we were very late for our reservation and they still were able to accommodate us . I only had a few oinks ... When we opened the red we didn't get new stemware boooooo.. and my after dinner coffee never came out :( 
I would defiantly come here again it was a great meal.
*Oinks = hiccupsThe whole experience just doesn't work for me. Since this is a popular place we showed up early to beat the crowd. 
Service is just weird. The place is about a third full and it still take five minutes to figure out where to seat us. Two people waiting on may be 5 tables and they were bussing around like bees. 
The bread is like gold. We each got one slice for the whole dinner. Ask and you shall not receive. The answer is always it is being heated up. 
The food. The roasted pork belly appt was good but not something that wow's me. The chicken liver appt was way too sweet, can't hardly taste the liver. The duck breast with white bean was good. The beans tasted like it came out of a cassolette (sp?) and goes very well with the duck breast. 
The noise. This is just one of my pet pee. By 8 it was deafening. Always started out with one screech woman. Before you know it, everyone is talking on top of their voice. And that ruins it for me. 
May be I'll come back in the spring and try the out side brunch and see if that is better.Treated to a birthday dinner at Cochon by my daughter. 
I had the best pork chop in my life.
Very creative and palate-exciting pig-filled menu from the gnocci with pig cheeks to the bacon ice cream.
Excellent service as well.
BYOB and BYO cash (no credit cards).
Highly recommended.My friends and I decided to check out Cochon's New Year's Eve Pre Fix menu for $65.  We arrived about 30 minutes after our reservation at 6pm but there was only one other group eating at the time.  A couple hours later and the place was packed - not too difficult with seating for about 45.  I don't recall there being any issue with people talking too loud or anything, it was just right.  The background music, ranging from classical to Sinatra could have been a touch louder.  
The wait staff was rather attentive and super friendly - aren't we all during the holidays though?  They had a nice sense of professionalism but not too much as to be snooty.  
With the friendly staff, the semi close quartered seating and the open kitchen in the dining room, it was a rather casual affair I felt so there's no reason to feel any intimidation over this "french bistro".  I've read that Cochon is considered to be french peasant food and I would agree that the ingredients are left simple but the attention to detail in presentation and even more so in the blending of many flavors is really what I found to be the most exciting thing being offered here.  Peasants have never eaten so good!
Dinner started with a small appetizer of garlic sausage and white beans.  It was delicious but lacked and garlic flavor.  My salad of choice was a frise umbrellaed by a poached egg.  So delicious!  This was followed by the main appetizer in which I selected the Scallops and Pulled Short Rib.  One would wonder about the combination of seafood and a deep hearty pork but I have to insist that this was my favorite part of the whole meal.  I like food, I like to try new things and discover the alternate personalities of each ingredient as you use it in various dishes. This was a very remarkable combination that seemed to go so perfectly together I had begun to let me mind wonder about how the chef came about this dish.  
My main entre was Skate stuffed with crabmeat.  It was swimming nicely in a bit of yellow risotto adding a nice texture to the fish.  A very excellent dish, but I probably wouldn't have it again.  My friend on the other hand had some filet minon which is perhaps the best I've ever had in my life.  Buttery for sure!  
After the main course, we all received a petite cheese dish with a few chips of toasted bread, a slice of pear, I believe a half a walnut and of course the Roquefort cheese.  I could get very used to eating in french restaurants!  For desert we had a choice between the home made crme brle or the Gran Marine cheese cake brought in from another bakery as most of their desserts are.  I believe it was Delicia's but maybe it was Denise's.  Either way, I had the cheesecake.  Definitely my favorite cheese cake ever.  As many people choose their favorite place for pizza or their favorite place for a cheese steak, cheese cakes makers also create their own fan base.  For me, it was always Michelle Lori in Trenton.  This Grand Mariner cheese cake though was beautiful light and airy, not the dense slab of cheese typically encountered with most other bakers'.  Mmmm Mmmm!  The crme brle I tasted was very good as well.  I typically don't like crme brle because usually it's sort of gelatinous and eggy.  Again, very light and airy and not overly sweet.  Bravo!
Although the portions were on the medium to small side, there were enough of them that I was plenty full after leaving a couple hours later.  I'm really looking forward to going back and trying a full menu to see what other tricks Chef Gene Giuffi has up his sleeve!!  Check out a real review here http://tinyurl.com/2m7lohDelicious! Went here with the fiance and the future in laws and we all loved our meals. 
1. it's BYO, which you can't beat that
2. it's in a quaint area of Philly and the restaurant itself is nice and cozy
3. the food was awesome. we had the mussels, duck, and gnoochi and all were delicious. We decided to share the creme brulee because no one would own up to getting a dessert....let's just say the dish was completely licked clean.I don't understand how this place does not have lines out the door for brunch.  Cochon is a part of our normal brunch "rotation" and we never leave unhappy.  The food is outstanding.  I pretty much live for the Eggs Cochon, but we've ordered most of the menu at some point and it's all delicious.  My husband is a big fan of the pork belly special.  (A bit fatty for me, but I always enjoy a few nibbles...)  Oh - and this is silly, but I freaking love their orange juice.  It's heavenly.  I hate it when you order OJ and it tastes like what you have in your fridge at home.  (Maybe I should start buying better OJ, yeah?)  Not a Cochon.  It's also BYO so there are often folks with champagne for mimosas.  (We always forget to bring the bubbly...)
Other folks posted about the service - we've always had lovely servers who greet us at the door. I've never had anything less than great service here.  FYI - they are cash only which is slightly a pain... but not enough to dock a star.  
Just writing this review makes me look forward to Sunday brunch.  Seriously.I've been wanting to try this place for some time now, so last night I took a friend for his birthday (Sucker....he thought he chose the place).  We got there a bit early but that wasn't a problem.  The restaurant wasn't crowded or empty, just a nice flow of patrons.
I looked at their menu on-line beforehand and made my decision on what to order.  Then the waiter blindsides me with the Daily Specials and left me doubting my choices.  I asked for his help (is 3 appetizers too much?  Pork Shoulder or Braised Veal Short Ribs?) and together we decided that I would have the Frog Legs and Chicken Liver for appetizers and veal for entree.  My friend had mussels and the duck dish.  We shared the appetizers of course.  
Of the appetizers, my favorite was the chicken livers.  Nicely done with the raisins and walnuts, it really balanced out the livers.  The mussels were also wonderful but the frog legs I could have done without.  Don't get me wrong, they were good but frog legs are frog legs (chicken).  I knew this but I still ordered them.  I wish I had ordered the scallops instead. 
Both entrees were fantastic and the portions were surprisingly big.  For dessert, we shared the creme brulee.  Worth the extra mile I'll have to run.  
I'd definitely come back here for dinner.Came here for an anniversary dinner and I was not disappointed.
The atmosphere was quiet when we ate around 630pm and there were only about 4 others in the restaurant.
The salad with dried pork with arugula was a refreshing change from the typical caesar salad.
My pork caserole dish was a melange of different type of pork that was totally new to me.  It was salty but no excessive.
The service was quick and they had plenty of bread for my party.
Price is very reasonable considering the BYOB.Nothing but the best at Cochon. The atmosphere is perfect for a date night. The interior is simple but fun and the tables are small but not crowded. Reservations are necessary, especially on the weekends. The staff is welcoming and friendly and they really set the tone for a great night out.
Escargots appetizer to share in the beginning. I was told they were the best snails in the area so of course I had to put it to the test. Check, mate. They were. The escargots were served with pancetta, concasse & herb butter. So rich and buttery. Save some bread for dipping. It was amazing. A must order!
For my entree I had the crispy fried pork chop. Otherwise known as -what they serve in heaven. It was paired with perfectly seared brussels sprouts on top of a bed of mashed potatoes (not just any mashed potatoes- speck mashed potatoes (similar to prosciutto)) with gorgonzola sauce and a fried egg. Fried egg? Yes. Like a tiara on a princess. It was perfect. A very rich and heavy dish and every bite was decadent. 
I cannot wait to come back and order everything from the rest of the menu (as I salivate writing this review...) If you haven't tried Cochon, you're missing out. This is one of my top French restaurants in Philadelphia. 
BYOB and CASH ONLY!!!!!!!!
PS- their phone number is 215-923-PORK- how adorable is that?!?!Cochon is probably my husband's favorite restaurant in Philly. If I'm askin where he wants to go for dinner, invariably his answer is: Cochon. After our first vist to this BYOB over two years ago, he's been runnin by the name of Jambon le Cochon (Ham the pig) as if he's part of some gang...some gang who has a deep love for hearty rustic French cooking...I eh...guess. It's true.
I love Cochon too. We always go for their escargot appetizer in whatever the current preparation might be. On our most recent visit, those loveable snails were nestled throughout strands of garlicy linguine. Really exceptional. We also enjoy the crispy chicken livers appetizer as well. They're light and crispy and delicately coated with a sweet-tart cherry balsamic glaze and candied walnuts too... 
I ordered their perfectly cooked duck last time. This duck really was wonderful, served with haricots verts and a light, fluffy polenta cake. It was reeeally delicious, but  when I chose this move I found myself fighting off serious entree envy so bad for the pork shank on my husband's plate. Of course he gave me some tastes! He's kind. But those tastes, they taunted me. 
Lesson learned: Cochon is their name, pork is their game. Order the pork!After a quick glance at the menu, this place seems like heII on earth for vegetarians.  This is definitely not the case.  
Came here last night for my husband's birthday dinner.  I started with the arugula salad.  Got the duck on the side so he could enjoy it.  The salad was divine and very flavorful.  For my meal, I had their standard gnocchi with seasonal vegetables.  This is the best off-menu vegetarian dish I've had.  Ever.
Husband enjoyed the bacon sausage (special for the day) and the duck entree.  For dessert, he had bacon ice cream over "poor man's pudding."  He was talking about it for the rest of the night.  I had creme brulee, which was excellent as well.
We made our reservation through Savored and got 30% off our check.  Total came to $80 including 20% tip on the pre-discounted price.
Also picked up a great wine to enjoy with dinner, love that this place is BYO!
I look forward to returning to Cochon, and would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes good food, service, and atmosphere.
Oh, this place is cash only, which is an inconvenience, but not bad enough to knock it down to four stars.  I would also recommend a reservation, as this place is small.Cochon, a small Queen's Village BYOB that features a variety of pork dishes on its menu, has somehow escaped my radar for a very long time. My partner Robyn and I met our fellow foodie friend, Hal, there for a nice dinner paired with glasses of Riesling. Cochon means "pig" in French, and while the food was decent, it didn't knock my socks off like I thought it would. My crispy chicken livers had that wonderful balance of crunchy on the outside and soft and tender on the inside. The plum sauce the livers were smothered in was quite good. I had hoped that Cochon's signature dish, roasted suckling pig with lentils, brussels sprouts, plum tomatoes, and a fried egg would be otherworldly, but it wasn't. My initial bite of meat was tough, not tender as a well-prepared suckling pig usually is. Subsequent bites didn't wow me, either. This isn't Amada, I know, but it ain't Koo Zee Doo, either. Koo Zee Doo did their suckling pig right. It was tender, flavorful, and not salty. Cochon's pig was a big salty for my taste. My two small chunks of meat and one chunk of gelatinous fat, if prepared better, would've been satisfactory, but I was left with a feeling of too many lentils, too many brussels sprouts, and not enough pig. Robyn's Trio of Pork was stupendous. I loved the mouth-watering pork belly and the juicy spare ribs. The sausage was good, too. She was more impressed with the potatoes and sauerkraut than the meat. I thought her appetizer of pig's feet was very good. It was prepared to resemble a small cylindrical sausage patty. She didn't like it, but I appreciated the multidimensional flavor and textures in it. If I could trade my meal for her's, I would. Hal's ravioli with roasted duck and mushrooms was good, but nothing spectacular. I don't think this place deserves three stars, but it's certainly above two. Overall, a disappointment for me.Absolutely amazingly rich food. Some of the best duck I have ever had. Dessert was OK.Ever since Django closed, I've been looking for a new, relaxed, well-priced BYOB with delicious offerings, and Cochon fufills all of the above! It's roomier than Little Fish and some of the other cramped (but yummy) local BYO's. Our waiter was great, suggesting particulars on the menu, which was strangely void of pork.  The mussels with leeks were heavenly, as everything else we ate (quail, duck), down to dessert. Priced right that you can order a large sampling from the menu. If on the weekend, get there on the earlier side. Loved it!Simply outstanding. Cheerful, attentive service; creative menu; warm, intimate setting. 
We arrived a few minutes early and the hostess invited us to sit on the bench outside (it was a beautiful night and the weather was especially fine). She brought us glasses and opened and poured our wine so we could have an impromptu apéritif while we waited. 
The menu and plats du jour offered a nice balance between their pork specialties and meat-free options. The pappardelle with a pork ragù studded with delicious bits of bacony goodness was sublime! Look forward to dining here again soon.The food is delicious. Plain and simple. Every part of a plate has layers of flavor that can't be beat. Some you can detect and some you can't. What doesn't change is the overall taste. Perfection.
Having experienced fantastic restaurants all over the world, my dinner at Cochon ranks in my top 5 - hands down.
My party ordered the short ribs (special), the hanger steak, the scallops, and the pork shoulder. Of course, we all shared plates...and for good reason. Everything was perfection. 
I kind of wish I could give more than 5 stars because this local spot was just phenomenal. Will absolutely be back again and again.***Brunch Review****
What a surprisingly awesome brunch!  We went to Cochon to avoid the usual brunch haunts and lengthy lines.  It was a quiet brunch as we all got sucked into the deliciousness of our dishes.  The Monte Cristo was outstanding...vanilla soaked french toast topped with fresh-roasted turkey and smoked ham held together by Gruyere.  The french fries came with a drizzle of Mornay sauce.  The Eggs Cochon were perfectly balanced with pulled pork, perfectly poached eggs, and home fries.  Two dishes that  I will return to eat again-soon   The service was a bit slow, and the coffee cups small, but with food that yummy...who cares!I'm a big fan of provencale and french country food so to find out this place opened up steps from my house I was very excited.  Cochon does not fail to provide hearty and well made dishes made with fresh ingredients and attentive service.  The french onion soup made in individual crocks is EXCELLENT and the salads are nicely proportioned with great savory dressings.  I had the filet which was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The only negative I can say about this BYO is that it gets really noisy as the decor is mostly all tile.  If you can stand the calmour or if you are lucky to get there when it's not crowded it's a great charming and cozy place.  I really hope it remains as good as my first few visits.  Be aware that it was cash only when I was there last week.For a starter, we ordered the escargot because I like snails. I really do. I used to hate them, but I grew to really enjoy these disgusting things since having them at Parc. They came braised with mushrooms and tomatoes and some thin slices of toast. I didn't really apprecaite the toast because they were seared/grilled/burned which took away from the enjoyment. They snails were actually better with the house appetizer bread. The snails themselves, were delicious and not chewy at all.
I ordered the pork loin because I just wanted pork. The server assured me that it wouldn't be dry because from past experiences, most restaurants mess that ish up and it comes out dry as heel. The pork came out on a bed of mashed potatoes with randomly grilled brussel sprouts, thick cut bacon, and various goodies. The pork was thick, fatty, and oh so juicy. I really enjoyed it and the mashed potatoes as well. Dericious.
My companion went with the steak, medium rare despite my insistance that she get rare. It came out with a weird square of sliced potatoe which was delicious. The steak was cut horizontally into 4 or 5 strips and very delicious as well. For a small petite girl, she housed the dish. So i'll assume it was delicious in her eyes as well. I didn't finish mine *hangs head in shame*.
The place was pretty empty on a weeknight and oddly enough, they only accept cash. I guess it's understandable from the view point of a small business, but it's not exactly a super cheap restaurant with main courses averaging $25-$30. That was probably my main complaint because i had to leave my date (as collateral) while I walked two blocks to the PNC to get cash and eat a fee because my bank is not PNC. This seemed like a common occurance because the waitress was quick to point out the local ATMs in the area, neither of which were Wells Fargo.Pros: 
Boar belly was cooked to perfection
BYOB
Nice staff
Cons: 
The rest of the Boar belly plate was just a mess of fat - pesto and olive oil drowned this dish - there was nothing in the dish to clear the palate or cut the fat - this place needs some help in crafting entrees
Hot inside even with A/C on
Fried oysters were undersalted and underflavoredGood food great service and pleasant atmosphere. Bring your appetite bc the portions are decent size so share the appetizers.This place was great.  We tried grilled duck hearts appetizer, which was amazing.  Highly recommended.French food is one of my favorites and I was coming into this place already knowing it was BYOB and that it only accepted cash from reading the other reviews. We had a reservation for 5 of us for dinner. We walked in with our red wine that we brought, and they quickly escorted us to our table. 
The important part of this experience was the fact that my father had flown in from Sweden and was meeting my boyfriend's parents for the first time so the noise level needed to be average or lower. Even as the place was getting more full and packed, the noise level wasn't to the point where we had to yell and we could hear each other's conversations.
We all ordered delicious appetizers, my Escargots were amazing. The last time I had them was years ago in Southern France, and I can tell you it definitely matched up to the competition. I ordered the pork chop which was so delicious and plated in a nice way. Our waitress (her name was Gianna) was very prompt, friendly and was making sure we weren't confused with the menu or the specials. This place could also be perfect for date nights, and I loved the big windows toward the entrance. 
I will definitely be coming back here. We all were very satisfied with our meals and the overall experience. I enjoyed the smaller atmosphere and it was quite cozy sitting there for dinner with dimmed lights. There was also no extra fee for opening your wine, even as it is BYOB. This is my new favorite place, so I will be back here very soon.Great energetic atmosphere and professional service. The entrees are a bit too rich but I'm reaching a bit, this is a great boy.Second time Here.. Everything we ordered were delicious ! 
One of our friend tried the lamb dish for the first time and he love it!  Love the pork shoulders ! My fiancé enjoyed his dinner for his bday!  
Prices are reasonableI went to Cochon on the saturday night after Christmas.  It was my husband's birthday and the in laws took us out to celebrate, and celebrate we did.
We shared 3 appetizers between the 5 of us: the chicken liver mousse, mussels, and escargots.  I was happy with each of the appetizers even though I am not usually a fan of escargots.  The chicken liver mousse was smooth and creamy, perfectly seasoned and served with a side of whole grain mustard that even my normally mustard adverse husband liked.  The mussels tasted fine but came out a little cooler than we would have preferred which is odd since mussels only take a few moments to prepare.  I was surprised at how much I enjoyed the escargots, they were tender and not the slightest bit rubbery and the chunks of ham in them were perfect.
As for the entrees, I cannot say enough good things about the cassolet with pork and duck confit.  Our server told us all of the different kinds of pork that was in the cassolet but I honestly forgot what some of them were (I know there was a sausage and pork belly).  It was all delicious and that's all that mattered to me.  My husband had the pot pie of the day which was buffalo and ox tail.  He liked the inside of the pot pie but felt like the crust was too flakey and he would have preferred if it was more "chewy."  My sister in law had the chicken stew which she said she enjoyed and the little bit of chicken that I had was tender and juicy.
The service left a little something to be desired.  We would have ordered dessert but it took our server so long to get back to us that we had to leave.  We also felt bad for the people that were waiting for tables since we had been sitting there waiting for the check for at least 20 minutes.  Our server told us that it was because someone had bailed on them because of the holidays and she was obviously working her butt off so we didn't blame her for the service issues.  But for those kinds of prices, you expect to at least have dessert mentioned so I can only give them 4 stars.Fantastic food, rude server. I would've given this place five stars if not for the poor service. 
First, I'll address the food. Everything was so tasty. What I ate:
Escargots w/ pancetta, concasse & herb butter
Pork tenderloin w/ sauteed mushrooms, asparagus & fingerling potatoes topped w/ a red-wine reduction
Shortbread soaked in warm maple syrup topped w/ bacon ice cream
Can't speak highly enough of everything I ate. I definitely want to go back to try more of their dishes.
Now to the service... Even though the service sucked, I won't take it personally. I heard from others that it's just the way it is here. I say it sucked because it seemed like the waiter was eager to get us out of the restaurant. We felt rushed, as in he kept coming back quickly to get our order even if we asked for more time, and he seemed like a pompous ass when we asked about stuff on the menu or for his recommendations. Aside from his attitude, he served us well -- brought out the dishes promptly, refilled our waters at the right time, etc.
Anyway -- even if you do get a bad server, it's still worth the visit. It's also BYOB & cash only.My boyfriend and I recently went to dinner at Cochon and everything about the experience was outstanding.  Besides being out of one of the specials of the day everything about it was positive.  We both loved out food...very eccentric/different options.  Great for foodies & BYOB!!!
Kind of off the beaten path from the restaurants we normally go to in Philly but this was not really a concern. 
We will definitely be going back!Let me begin by saying I love pigs and the delicious meats associated with pigs. I also enjoy fried food so when I saw a picture of the Milanese pork chop, it was a match made in heaven, I was destined to try it. I'm also willing to give any restaurant that has a pig on their signage, because that's how much I love pork. 
Unfortunately, the food overall was a disappointment.
For appetizers, I tried the escargots, chicken liver and duck hearts. As a fan of foie gras and duck in general, the duck hearts were awesome. They were tender and full of duck flavor. The other two were sub-par for me. 
For the entrees, the Milanese pork chop was a let down. The actual pork chop didn't have a lot of flavor and the sauce didn't stand out. I also had some of the suckling pig, which was also lacking in flavor. 
On the plus side, it's BYOB, the service was great and the ambiance is nice.Oh Cochon, my Cochon....
You are perfect in every way.  A love letter to the pig, down home French comfort food, and bringing your own bottles.  Yes, my first visit was this past Saturday.  Yes, I know I am dumb.
The dinner play-by-play:
-a sticky sweet, melt in your mouth pork rib accompanied by onion ring and spicy aioli
-a hearty, savory bouillabaisse replete with the most amazing seafood
-cognac (!!!) cheesecake and creme brulee
I also stole a bite - or three - of the decadent, delicious pork belly.  From a pig that probably lived a happy life for the good of our dinner plates. 
Service was friendly, and the atmosphere is lively, simple, and unpretentious.
Menu changes often - which is all the more reason I will be back when it changes.We loved loved loved it. That night we went there they were out of pork belly-which is what we were waiting to try... and still everything was delicious and skillfully prepared. A bit cramped, kinda small, but food is what makes this place. Yes, we will be back. They better have that belly ready!I wish I could give Cochon 3.5 stars. I took my wife to this cash only BYOB for her birthday last week. We were pretty excited to try it out, and while it didn't disappoint, it also didn't blow us away. Don't get me wrong, the food was very good. I had a special pork shoulder meal that was incredibly tasty, and my wife had steak and frites which she enjoyed. Additionally, the fried oysters and escargot were well done. We also had no complaints with the service, which was helpful without interrupting our dinner too often. 
If you're a pork fan, Cochon is worth checking out. I'm glad that we visited. I'm just not sure we'll be visiting again in the near future.Wow!  We loved everything about this  restaurant. Charming ambience,  great friendly staff, perfect music selection, and most of all delicious food.  This place is such a gem!!!Cochon, mmmm pig. In my opinion, you pretty much can't go wrong with pig. That salty goodness, bring it on. At Cochon you can get pig cooked in pretty much every way you can possibly think of. For the summer they also have a Chef's choice tasting menu that is delicious, and a really great deal! 
I have dined at Cochon twice now, and both times were very memorable. The first time I had monk fish Osso Buco, so creative and so divine, probably one of my all time favorite restaurant meals. The second time I went with two friends, and we shared everything.  The Chef's choice which consist of an appetizer of chicken liver & bacon mousse, pork cheek confit, frisee salad with garlic sausage and poached egg, and banana bread pudding (they now make all of their own desserts and ice creams), which was the perfect way to cleanse the palette after a spectacular meal. We also had a pickled sausage dish, which was quite good, my first experience with pickled sausage, and I hope not my last! We also had the escargots, charcuterie plate, and crispy pigs feet, and the Cochon plate (with glazed ribs, sausage, roasted pork belly, mashed potatoes and sweet & sour cabbage, all delicious! I love the taste of the sweet and sour cabbage mixed in with the mashed potatoes, it was a really enjoyable combination of flavors. 
And even better it is a husband and wife owned byob, with husband Gene Giuffi in the kitchen and wife Amy making sure the guests are taking care of! Our service by Moses was also excellent! He was refreshingly very attentive and personable. 
I am looking forward to trying out their brunch.This was one of the best meals I have had all year. For an appetizer, I had the escargot and fried clams. For dinner I had the pork tenderloin. It might have been the best pork I have ever had outside of a Dinic's roll. I am not sure what the dessert was called, but it was topped with bacon ice cream. Bacon ice cream.
The coffee was also very good. It reminded me how bad the dishwater I pour down my throat each morning is.I had an excellent meal at Cochon.  My waiter was friendly and knowledgable, the atmosphere was cozy on a cold and rainy night, and the food was absolutely delicious.
I never mind waiting a few minutes for excellent bread, especially when I'm told first thing "Bread will be just a minute, it's coming out of the oven right now."  Fresh, warm and crispy... a very nice welcome!
The chicken liver appetizer was delicious, crispy and rich and perfect.  
The special app was I believe a papardelle with pork belly, nice and garlicky in a butter base, very tasty and the right size (not too big, not too small).
Their entrees were similarly rich and heavy, which is just what we were looking for.  Their pork shoulder steak was something new to me, and it was absolutely delicious.  Crisped on the outside, tender and flavorful with perfect accompaniments.  The short rib was similarly tender and delicious.
But despite all that wonderful food, dessert was the star (at least for me).  I love pig, don't get me wrong... but when I find a dessert I like this much, it overshadows the rest of an already-terrific meal.  The Poor Man's Pudding is one of the best desserts in Philadelphia, if (like me) you like your desserts incredibly sweet, rich and heavy on the vanilla.  It's shortbread dough (dough!) served in a hot hot cup of hot maple-bacon caramel.  The top of it bakes a little into a cookie crust, and a scoop of bacon ice cream rests atop it.  Break the crust and you get spoonful after spoonful of sweet caramel-y doughy deliciousness, which cools as the ice cream sinks into the lava below.   Up there with Barbuzzo's Budino as one of the best desserts in Philly.Cochon doesn't disappoint. 
Last Friday, my girlfriends and I enjoyed a little time together and decided to give a try this cute BYOB. I had been here before on a date and I  remember to have a great time. 
We brought a bottle of Spumante. The server happened to have the same bottle for herself in the back which it had chilled already. She was willing to give us hers since the one we brought was slightly warm to drink. We were not very hungry that day - it was more to spend some time with each other. I ordered the braised rabbit. Though, it came as an appetizer, the waitress said that they'd be able to double it in size and make it a dish. I thought this was pretty awesome. My friends opted out for the specials. Don't remember the names - to be honest. There we no desserts ordered because we were all full. However, I remember from my previous visit that I had the bacon ice cream that was surprisingly very delish. 
The overall atmosphere is pretty great. There were two large parties of people in their late 50's who were having a ball. They were singing and we heard two glasses shatter on the ground one after the other. It seemed that they were regulars.
Totally recommend it.My fiancee and I absolutely love this place. We been here twice and nothing but great service and food. We plan to go out couple times a month and Cochon is always on the list. 
And yes poor man pudding is as great as people say it is.This restaurant is EXTREMELY vegetarian-friendly! Don't let all the pig-centric menu items fool you! 
Both times I've eaten there, it was indicated on the reservation that there would be a vegetarian in the party. When we arrived, they were sure to point out for me what items were vegetarian. I thought this was very thoughtful, as sometimes, restaurant items that appear vegetarian can contain chicken broth or bacon bits. The overall service, like the special treatment for vegetarians, is quite personable and inviting. 
They offer great vegetarian entrees and the menu changes regularly. For the appetizer course, both times I was stuck ordering the salad (it was a delicious salad though) but for entrees, I had a pasta with cream sauce and vegetables once, and the other time it was some kind of chickpea fritters- sort of like falafel but the flavoring was a little different.
But really, the best part of Cochon (at least for vegetarians like me) is the dessert. They have a fairly wide selection for such a small place, and everything is great. So make sure you save room!This is my new favorite BYO in the city. Most recently, I had dinner on a Saturday night with two girlfriends. The atmospher is cozy and friendly. While the menu is small it was still difficult for all of us to choose; our server was very helpful in helping us make a decision. We all started with the soup of the day which was butternut squash. It was smooth and silky and almost melted on your tongue. Then we each got a different pork entree on the advice of our server (as cochon is french for pig).  Each pork dish had its own unique taste and made wonderful use of frangrant and delicious spices. 
I'm disappointed that the kitchen is no longer open air as an open air kitchen makes a restaurnt so much more homey and friendly. However, you can still smell the delicious aromas coming from the kitchen.I am almost afraid to post because I don't want more people to come and create a wait . . . but brunch at Cochon is my new favorite brunch in Philadelphia.  BYOB makes brunch all the more fun, as does no wait and the ability to make reservations.
The monte cristo is a must-order.  I asked the waitress to describe it for me.  The use of the word "gooey" got me - I had to order it, and have ordered it every time I have been back.  Last brunch, 4 out of our party of 6 ordered the monte cristo, and everyone loved it.  The non-savory diner at our table opted for the cookies and cream pancakes, and raved about them.  
Brunch here is not to be missed . . . .Cochon serves fabulous intensely flavorful food that can only be achieved by a thoughtful, talented chef through slow cooking.  I have never been disappointed here. I return again and again.We've only been twice but both times were very good. The food is delicious and the service is on point. Years ago when we went they Wree pretty new and it was a cold night. They didn't have a second door so it got chilly. The owner immediately got a space heater to make our dinner very enjoyable. Speaks to the service.It's been years since the last time I was here...started out with the house made sausage with potato pancake...very good sausage well made and tasty...pancake had just the right amount of crusty ness to it...the kraut was perfect...a fine appertiser, one complaint was the menu indicated some sort of a mustard sauce which is it was there was so subtle as to be unnoticeable! ...moved on to a special...Berkshire pork shoulder...came with a mildly pickle cabbage slaw on a bed of white beans,,,scrumptious...wife had the breaded pork chop with an egg and it was gigantic...she seemed to enjoy it!  nice to see that the standard hasn't dropped at all here.  We'll be back for sure.In part of a story that is long, and probably funnier if you were there, we (who spoke English, German, French, and Maori) were trying to order tapas in Kyoto from a waiter who spoke Japanese and Spanish. Drawing upon her long-lost college courses, my friend Sha (with incredible charades-like hand gestures to match) tried to ensure that my particular dietary needs were met. "No le gusta el cerdo! She does not like the pig! Ella no quiere que el cerdo! She does not want the pig! Ella no come el cerdo! She does not eat the pig!"*
Long story short: I don't eat pork. Even so, I thoroughly enjoyed Cochon. The service was prompt and relaxed, and the waiter happily chatted with the chefs in the back to ensure that I got pork-less dishes. The food I had was delicious. The decor is comfortable and warm, with lot of pigs everywhere. Even with our late (9pm!) reservation the restaurant was pretty consistently buzzy, and I thought it had a nice vibe. Though this could be attributed to the several bottles of very yummy wine we brought (BYOB)...
Some other good stuff to know: I wouldn't suggest it for a romantic, intimate experience. They do offer vegetarian and gluten-free options, but you have to ask for them (they are not on the menu). 
*Note, this is from Google translate, so I fully do not stand behind the accuracy or grammar of these sentences.I really enjoyed cochon. I did what I thought best, and ordered as much pork as I could, and it was wonderful. We brought a nice bottle of wine, and made a great date out of it. It was one of those places where the way they presented the food felt like they were doing everything fresh and the chef was inspired daily to present new things on the menu.  It was a really nice date night. More of a try once kind of place for me than a return many times, but I really enjoyed it.