Words can't explain how happy I am to see this place open up! Great food, great service, and a great atmosphere. 
The prices are exactly what you would expect for a sit down brunch place - about $10 for a omelette or eggs Benny with hash browns. They also have "hangover" sandwiches which contain the perfect greasy condition to get you through it. 
I had the Goat Cheese omelette and it was delicious and my boyfriend got the caprese eggs Benny. The potatoes on the side were so delicious. But the best part - YOU GET A COMPLIMENTARY MIMSOA OR BLOODY MARY!!! what!!! 
This place is also very dog friendly! Take out door is in the back but they also have plenty of seating. I went on a Saturday morning for brunch and there was a steady stream of people in and out, but no wait. At least not yet...it's only a matter of time before the people of Philadelphia find this gem!!After many trips to Honey's and Green Eggs cafe, we decided to give Coffee House Too a try.  Soooooo glad we did.  New favorite breakfast spot in NoLibs.  First off- best service.  Hands down.  Super friendly wait staff.  Seriously friendly.  While they only sit maybe 40-50 people, they have much more room between tables than Honey's does.  You don't feel like you are sitting in your neighbors lap.  Good coffee, great hot Chocolate. They give you a mini pastries while you wait for your food. Sweet tasty bites!  My husband and I both had breakfast sandwiches on croissants.  Wow.  Light and flaky croissants, perfectly cooked eggs and not greasy.  The hash browns were a great added share plate too.  I really can't say enough good things.  This will be our new go-to place for sit down breakfast and also take out for coffee or sandwiches.I've been coming here literally everyday since they opened. Awesome, awesome coffee, and awesome, awesome, food. I'm hooked! Staff is extremely friendly and accommodating and the owner is very hands on. So glad this opened in the neighborhood, I can't wait to start attending their 1st friday of every month dinners! Oh by the way, free mimosa or bloody marys with every order...ummm...yes please! That's enough to keep me coming back right there! My new go to brunch spot, I highly recommend!Happened to stumble upon this gem today. The staff is super friendly and give tips on specials and what to try if it's your first time there. I had the Belgian waffle combo with scrambled eggs and turkey bacon and it was delicious. My boyfriend had the western omelette with their home made home fries and he loved it. More than enough food for a good price. Quick service and attentive. I loved that the owner of the cafe brought our food out to introduce himself since it was our first time there. Also, they give complimentary mimosas with your meal. Can't beat that.  Only thing I didn't like was that my mocha latte tasted like milk and barely any coffee in it. Other than that, will definitely return.I loved coming here after a refreshing pedicure from across the street! Our waitress Chanel N°5 is how she introduced herself lol! She had a great vibe and made us feel so welcomed...my sister and I had the French toast with turkey sausage...the hour that we came has so many specials...cupcakes and mimosas came with our meal!  Much needed I might say! I also found out about their live performances on first Friday's of the month...can't wait to check it out!Very welcoming and friendly staff. Had the hangover veggie hoagie and it was so delicious I came back after brunch to buy my boyfriend one too!Exceptionally friendly staff, inexpensive and complimentary booze with breakfast. Tasty food too!This place is awesome! Sal and his staff are incredible - you get a free tiny Bloody Mary or mimosa just for ordering something while you wait ! The Mocha milkshake was to die for. The Tuna wrap was a bit dry & bland , onion rings special were bomb ! And the hangover hoagie and the way to go!! 
Great, friendly neighborhood joint !I really wanted to love this place. Cute little restaurant, friendly staff. But when it takes an hour to get your food, and the restaurant is not even full, that is just not ok. We had a table of 8 order the simplest of dish types. Eggs and hash browns, bagels with cream cheese spread, omelette, burrito. 
Overall the food was not bad. But if you have somewhere to be or have a larger party, I wouldn't suggest this place. Hopefully the kitchen was just short-staffed that day.Absolutely love this place! I've been a repeat customer several times now (I guess it also helps that I live right down the block), and don't have even a single complaint. Great food, great coffee, great staff, great prices, and complimentary cocktails??!? You just can't beat it, especially for the area!To start out with, I love their other location up in Fishtown.  And was super stoked to find that they were opening up another joint, and even better, it was less than a block from my place.  So we head out there opening weekend super excited and sadly were very much let down.   Service was slow, in getting us drinks, refilling said coffee, and bringing out food.  We were there for a good half a hour before we got food.  And again sadly, food was a let down, much less than what I expected based on previous experiences in fishtown.  So bad that couldn't finish my omelet and homefries.  
Totally understand that it was opening week and they were working out the bugs, but I've gone back a few times over the last few weeks and it is just not consistent.  Service, while friendly is hit or miss on efficiency, and the food is again sometimes good, sometimes not so much.  Soggy breakfast sandwiches, burnt toast, you get the idea.
I wish I could rave about it, and I hope that they work out their restaurant growing pains, but unfortunately, probably won't be back until then.I've wondered in a few times on my walk to work for a coffee and sometimes a bagel. Service is great and super friendly! Doesn't seem too busy any time I'm in here but the place really is so cute! I've sat down for a meal once- I was actually by myself and just needed a quick break from the office. I had a Buffalo Chicken Wrap which hit the spot. For a side I had a choice of salad or homemade chips which I loved, go for the chips they are so good and mine were still warm when served.
Hoping to try this place out for Brunch soon- they seem to be much busier around that time.Sal and his staff are second to none. The food is consistently amazing along with the service. Love this place. Great neighborhood feel and just a really solid place!This place is the best. Sunday morning hangover cure, every single weekend. The employees are all very nice and they are attentive to what is going on. They do not miss a beat. They are always quick to fill a need. Split checks, get more coffee, water, silverware, whatever it is, they will get it. Free mimosas and a muffin to start, and they are always asking if you need coffee. The specials are always outrageous and great. There can be a bit of a wait sometimes, but the food is worth the wait. I generally go with something different every time, but the friends love the hangover hoagies. They are always delicious. We actually call it the hangover cafe. Never loud, and always good food. Also, does not kill your wallet. A Sunday staple.Overall: friendly staff, owner is very accommodating. Food is good for the price and the price is cheaper than other comparable spots in the area. Inside is clean and cozy, outside seating available. They do not serve alcohol but you may get a complementary (sample size) mimosa or mary with brunch as well as a complementary danish/pastry which is a nice touch.
I've been here three times, twice I got the eggs benny, once the BLT. Both were very tasty and you get a solid amount of food with both, especially considering the less than $10 price. This place is slowly becoming my goto brunch spot.Excellent spot for a great breakfast or brunch option when your hungry and do not want to spend too much.High expectations, low execution. Kind of like me talking to women.
I'm very confused as to why this place is getting so many great reviews because I read the praise and was looking forward to eating here but was left with nothing but disappointment. Me and 4 other friends went here for Sunday brunch. We were greeted at the door by friendly staff and everything was fine and dandy. We get the menu and wow, everything sounds amazing. 
And then things start going downhill. Our server pours water into what might be the tiniest mason jar in the world. After one sip, we would need a refill. The coffee tasted burnt but I thought that might have just been that pot sitting on the hot plate for too long. Nope, the second pot that was poured also tasted burnt. After we ordered, we were given free mimosas/bloody marys. The mimosa had no sign of alcohol, just straight orange juice but I can't complain about something that was free. My one friend got the bloody mary and he said it was great.
I was pretty disappointed with the whole experience at this point. Our food comes and unsurprisingly, not that great. I ordered the "Fishtown Special" which included hash browns, peppers, onions and sliced chicken breast on top. Decent, but nothing too special about it. Also seemed as though they gave me a small amount of food. I was hungry again in just a couple hours.
The worst/funniest part about going here was seeing a whole table move to a different spot because the sun was directly in their eyes. Even two of my friends couldn't see anything. How hard is it to get curtains or blinds? It's not that expensive. Just take the $2 burnt coffee money you charge everyone and buy some curtains.
I'm glad I came here once. I had pretty high expectations after reading all the jazz and hype about this place finally coming to No Libs and left disappointed.
What I've learned: Always have low expectations and you'll never be let down.We really enjoy Sunday breakfast at the newest member of the Coffee House Cafe family (their other location is in Fishtown). You can't miss with the signature  Hangover Hoagie, Classic Eggs Benedict, Northern Liberty Omelet and the Dirty Jersey...so good.  We also attended the  First Friday event held in the evening and was again wowed by the menu and the ambience.  You owe it to yourself to check it, you won't be disappointed.  Ask for Sal!Great local coffee spot and breakfast/brunch/lunch place in NoLibs!
Every time I've been here the service has been extremely friendly.  However, the biggest knock, especially if you're doing sit-down, which I've only done twice, is that it takes 30-60min to get your food, and I'm not exaggerating.  I typically call in and order an egg & cheese on a bagel, which only takes 5-10min, and they have it ready for me by the time I walk over.
Their large open dining room is inviting, with windows throughout to let natural sunlight in, as they're in the corner.  It is fairly busy on the weekends during brunch time, but you don't usually have to wait that long for a table.
A bunch of us were here for brunch this past weekend and the only real issue was the time we spent there waiting for our food.  Even after we sat, it took a while for our waitress to come and take our drink order, followed by our food order.  They do offer complimentary mimosa's, bloody mary's, orange juice, etc. whether you're dining in or taking out, which is a nice gesture by them.
All I have to say is that their Veggie Hangover Hoagie hits the spot!  The greasy (but not too bad), buttery (garlic butter, amazing) toasted roll is stuffed with eggs, potatoes, onions, peppers, and cheese, and is surprisingly super tasty (and not surprisingly, super filling).  It's probably one of the best breakfast sandwiches I've had, and there's no real need for any additional ketchup or hot sauce, unless you want it.  It doesn't dry out, keeps the flavor, and doesn't get soggy either - all gripes of mine with veggie breakfast sandwiches.
I've been here a bunch and will continue to be here a bunch, but probably more for pick-up rather than sit-down.We had brunch here today! In town for just two days we found it on Yelp and am so happy we came! Sal the owner helped us out with reservations for 10 so we could all sit together. The menu is extensive with something for everyone. The crab benny was incredible! The hash is delish and even the kids pancakes were perfectly cooked with fun toppings like fruit and Oreos! Tip: byob and order oj to make mimosas. I really can't say enough about how great the food and service was today!! Thanks sal and nicole!!I had a great experience at Coffee House Too. I came on a Sunday around brunch and there was no wait for a table, and the service was exceptional. As you wait for your food, you are offered a complimentary mimosa as well as a muffin. On top of that, the cost for food is relatively low compared to other brunch locations. I highly recommend this restaurant and will definitely be coming back!stopped in to grab some coffees and ended up ordering food to go as well. who I believe was the owner was there and he was very friendly. offered us a cocktail that's complimentary to food orders while we waited. very social group of people and friendly. food was delicious and came out quickly.Came across this place when I got fed up waiting for another breakfast place; Glad I did! 
The chicken and the egg dish was great and the coffee was on point. The free mimosa sample and Danish were a nice touch.
I'll be returning!I really wanted to like this place. The space has a good feel to it, the waitstaff is very friendly and attentive. It has the potential to be a neighborhood fixture. But there were too many basic missteps in the food. My fried eggs were doused in cracked pepper, the hash browns were light on potatoes and heavy on raw onions and garlic powder, the French toast was soggy. If they made simple fixes--don't assume people like pepper on their eggs, use a firmer bread for the French toast-- they wouldn't need gimmicks like free mimosas and muffins while you wait. In the end, the freebies felt like subtle acknowledgement of compensation for a subpar breakfast.I stopped in for an iced coffee and a breakfast hoagie to go. Someone who must have been a manager noticed I was waiting for a little bit so he followed up with the kitchen and then made sure that my iced coffee was refilled before I left. Great service! I wasn't waiting terribly long and it was a nice touch. The hangover hoagie was excellent and really filling. Cash only and BYOB!So glad this place opened up in this neighborhood, as it was much needed for a solid coffee shop with good food that is not over priced. I used to go to their other location in Fishtown often and miss coming there since I've moved offices. 
The staff here is always so friendly and personable and remember you by name when you come more than a few times. They also offer you a complimentary mimosa or wine while you wait for your lunch order. Came here for Sunday brunch and the Chicken and Egg dish did not disappoint.CHTC tries really hard and I think it could be a great staple.  I found it relaxing and a great place to work from my computer. I have a two issues that stop me from wanting to come here again.
1.  No wifi - There's a cozy, comforting, stay in and sit feel to this place but no wi-fi?  To me that says, "We don't want you to stay long."  Then Coffee House Too Cafe, why do you have a fire place?  Doesn't make sense to me.  Are you a Coffeehouse or a Restaurant?  Which leads me to my next issue.
2. Food.  The food was eh.  Nothing special.  I had the Eggs Benedict and it was average at best.  If Coffee House Too Cafe is a restaurant, maybe focus on making a few things well.  The menu is expansive but if you can't nail down the first item listed on your menu, that's a problem.  
The staff was very engaging and attentive.  Very Hippy.  
I'd describe CHTC as a mix of One Shot Coffee and Honey's.  If they can get the menu down and provide wi-fi, at least during the non busy times, I would definitely make this a regular spot!Cute, delicious. and cosy. You should go to brunch you there! Friendly service.if you live close to, it is a nice place to meet friends or joy with your love. The veggie  eggs sandwich is delicious!A great local coffee shop. The staff are really personable and go the extra mile to provide excellent customer service. This is my favorite place in Northern Liberties!Best Turkey Club I have ever had with real turkey and lost of bacon. Also tried the Turkey Reuben which was excellent. Cant wait to try more menu items. They also give you free bloody marys, mimosas or orange juice and have the best service. Highly recommend this gem.Always hit or miss. I used to live in Fishtown and frequented the York Street Coffee House Too, and the coffee was better over there. This location has acceptable coffee and it's more spacious and relaxing to dine in, so that's cool.
I have been here a few times because it's so close by.
I used to come here expecting a cute easy brunch and I was usually disappointed. Food is hit or miss. Always plated sloppily, kind of greasy. Service is always pretty bad. The servers are nice, but 4 times out of 5 they offer you a cocktail and never bring it. Always have to ask for coffee refills. Slow slow painfully slow service or cook time or whatever. Should not take half an hour to make a breakfast sandwich.Very clean and refreshing spot for a Friday evening afterwork hangout.  The staff is exceptionally friendly. The owner even came out to introduce himself as we were there early on a Friday evening.  Don't miss their First Fridays. Reasonable covercharge excellent food, fantastic artwork and really cool music.  Check it out. A hidden gem in the City of Brotherly love and Sisterly Affection.This feels like a hometown family diner in the middle of hipster central. The food is great, the menu huge and original, I love the coffee (including iced), and they're just really nice people.Holy shit. I have never seen such a mean manager. She was loudly micromanaging and being disrespectful to the employees in front of customers. It made us feel extremely uncomfortable, when in reality, the employees were being super sweet and accommodating. Her attitude dissuaded me from making another large purchase later. I don't want to put my money towards a business that degrades their workers. Their cookies looked great, but I haven't ever been treated so rudely by someone in customer serviceWow!  I've been dying to try the place, but haven't been to our Philly office since before they opened.  The coffee house looks great and the chicken cutlet sandwich is to die for!  You guys did a great job and I wish you continued success in the future!The coffee is just fine and, yes, it's cute. Mismatched cups on the tables cute. Staff is friendly. 
I really really need to note that the cashier/barista appears to be wearing a headset for communicating with other members of the staff?? I feel I'm correct in what I was seeing. Many high tech. With that said, there's probably a drive through or additional layer of coffee shop I must have missed. Ask about it for me, will you?An awesome addition to NoLibs, in the same spot where several upscale restaurants have failed in the past.  I think this one is a keeper though!
Swung by here on the way back from the punk rock flea market on Saturday.  My friend has frequented the one on York but I had never been to either.  The waitstaff, Cat, was awesome!  We were even introduced to the owners who were there making a delivery.
The complimentary cocktail with your meal, although small, is brilliant.  The food was affordable and delicious!  I feel like I will come here quite often.  The interior was inviting and comfortable, bright and airy; felt like a home.
I had the chicken with brie wrap which was delicious.  The homemade chips were also great!  Nice job, you guys!Walked in and the staff instantly smiled and greeted me good morning. Coffee was great, place is quaint and clean. I would definitely come again!Great new place in Northern Liberties! We've heard good things about the Fishtown location so thought we'd give it a try. Plus, there was no hour-long wait on a Sunday morning like some other local places (cough Honey's cough). Service was awesome. Super friendly and made us feel welcome. Food was tasty -- good prices for a lot of quality food. Iced coffee! They have iced coffee! Win-win for everyone in the family (my picky step kid even liked it).This is a classy place along Fairmount Ave area and I drive by it frequently. I got the brie and BlackBerry omelet which was fantastic and an interesting twist on the standard omelette. The home fries were good with the addition of the green pepper.
Perhaps the highlight was the fantastic cappuccino which I added a shot of vanilla. It was perfectly blended frothy as it should be and left nothing to be desired.
I subtracted a star however for the ridiculous amount of orange juice I was given in a Dixie cup. It was served in the type of Dixie cup I use to rinse my mouth at night with Listerine before I go to sleep and was perhaps two sips worth of juice.
Edit: glancing at receipt I was not charged for orange juice so maybe it was a sample? Not sure, but just an FYI
Otherwise great atmosphere wonderful decor very well put together and would definitely return.Sal and his team deliver Philly Friendly service and tasty breakfast, lunch and brunch dishes with a find blend of coffees. Dogs receive complimentary bacon and are received with great pleasure at the Carry Out area where water bowls and biscuits await. Good quality and quantity at reasonable prices.I stopped in for Sunday brunch and got the hangover hoagie. It was super tasty! It was filling but not so huge that I couldn't finish it. My complimentary (tiny) Bloody Mary made with homemade mix was delicious, I definitely would have liked a bigger one. They don't take credit cards, which is kind of annoying, but they do have an ATM onsite.  Service was a bit slow, but I expect that in a newer place that is still working out the flow of things. Overall a good new spot to add to the neighborhood brunch rotation!I stopped in for lunch the other day and had a great experience. My chicken parm sandwich was excellent, I generally do not drink coffee in the afternoon but was compelled to try their's and was happy I did. It was excellent. The staff and owner were friendly and helpful. I diffidently will be going back and bringing some friends.I went to Coffee House Too by chance. Me and a friend tried a bunch of other places - they all turned out to be super packs - before going there for brunch on a Sunday around noon. We waited about 10 minutes for a table. The brunch menu has lots of sandwiches, interesting omelets and breakfast burritos, which was what I had - with bacon added to it. The burrito was deli and the sandwich my friend had - the hangover something,  apparently one of their staples - was also delicious and huge! She had half of it and was full already. Prices are amazing, our brunch - with coffee for me and a chocolate drink for her - cost us only 20 bucks! Service was also great - our waitress was the happiest person ever and the owner greeted us very nicely in our way out. I don't live in the area, but if I did I'd definitely go frequently to this place!Coffee House Too has a new branch in Northern Liberties.  This is good news....real good news.  This café is a total charmer with little touches everywhere.  I loved the fresh cut flowers on every table.  Heck, even the rest room is charming.  What to eat here?  Well for starters it's the Home of the Hangover Hoagie ... and there isn't a better breakfast sandwich anywhere.  The three eggs, hash browns, cheddar cheese, and pork roll on a long seeded roll are a perfect antidote for a night of partying.  And there's cholula hot sauce on each table to really kick in on the hangover! But even if you're not hungover, give one of these sandwiches a try.  I think it will still taste good.  On the first Friday of each month they have a special artist's dinner which I have never been to but it sounds good.  And outside take note of the cool robot sculpture serving as a bird and dog feeder as well as flower holder. Coffee House Too is a welcome addition to Northern Liberties.  Now you just need to have the hangover......I live right around the corner from this place and like it a lot. Me and my girlfriend go in for Saturday or Sunday brunch a couple times a month. The staff couldn't be more friendly and helpful, the food and coffee is always great. If I am basing my opinion on that alone this place is five stars. However...
The owner of this place has to get some blinds, curtains, or shades immediately. On a sunny morning, the sun shines through the great big windows and turns the tables around the edge into a a hellacious hell fire of an experience. We have had to suffer through this multiple times. This morning we sat for 30 minutes and we're both soaked in sweat before a table opened up and the waitress moved us while apologizing profusely. The couple next to us got up and left without eating and we could hear the couple who was sat after us complaining as we were leaving. This place is great but it's to the point where we won't be going anymore unless it's a cloudy day. GET SOME BLINDS!!!I love this place! 
My boyfriend and I used to go to their Fishtown spot and we were thrilled to see them open up a spot in northern Liberties. 
Their staff is always very nice and attentive. Their coffee is consistently good and  I have enjoyed everything that I have eaten here so far . 
Definitely one of the places I frequent when we're looking for some good breakfast sandwiches.Been here twice and the food was fantastic both times. Hangover hoagie and  pork roll sammy cooked to perfection, served fast and the free cocktail was a nice bonus. Can't wait to go back. Super cute atmosphere too.Nice people run the spot. Good service. 
The food though...depends what you get. My girl got a Reuben that looked super good and she said it was good. I got an omelette and home fries. Neither were special at all. Price was a little high for what it was too. 
Coffee was good though I must say. 
Too bad the food just didn't deliver.So, updated review. I like this place a lot because it's right by my house and typically great food. But today, this place was awful. The food took over an hour and our wait was only acknowledged by the wait staff after about 40 minutes. We did get a second complimentary mimosa - however when the food came out, it was cold and skimpy portions. Much different than before and so bad that I would think twice about coming again. This place isn't large and we only ordered eggs. I understand the take out component and that adds to the wait, but our entire experience was dramatically different than our prior visits. "eh" food + hour wait...I don't know if we'll be back.Ok so I usually just come in here just to use the mac machine and then go to the nail salon across the street, but today I was hungry and decided to give this place a try. I LOVED IT! Pleasant staff members and great customer service won me over! My waffle and my coffee was great. They even give you a mimosa while your waiting for your food. Cant beat that! Ya'll definitely have a new fan. I will be back and may even bring my book club so we can eat in. Keep up the great work!I have had some of my favorite brunches in Philly here, hands down (even in a blizzard once!). The people and service are wonderful and very accommodating, and they are BYOB which is a great option. I used to get the Chicken and the Egg every time, because it was SO. GOOD. Sadly, they've since taken it off of the menu, and I haven't been here as often. Definitely recommend for a solid brunch option in a relaxing atmosphere. Dog owners - they put out treats and water for pups!Not only is this place rustic and quaint, the food is DELISH. It's just a really solid choice for breakfast, and the options and generally a great spin off of traditional fare without being TOO over-the-top. For example: the breakfast burrito. After its wrapped up, it's put into a panini press to finish it off. Makes all the difference. 
Added bonus: everyone in there is just SO friendly and welcoming. They really make an effort to get to know (and remember!) their customers. Great addition to the neighborhood!Love this place! A quaint neighbor cafe/breakfast spot with personal charm. I had the most delicious buttermilk pancakes.  But beyond the food, I really enjoyed the service.  The waitress, Jo,  was warm and the owner, Sal, was very friendly, in fact he came to our table to chat briefly.   Definitely a must visit place!