Core de Roma has good traditional Italian food.  You can bring your own wine, or they have a bar there.  I ordered veal parmigiana and my friend ordered manicotti.  Both of them were positively DRENCHED in sauce.  The sauce was good, but there was so much of it that the breading was a little soggy and fell off of the meat!  Everything tasted good though, that's just something to be mindful of.  The bruschetta was great.  They also gave us a little dish of spicy green beans beforehand to munch on.  The service was exceptionally slow, but polite, although it was odd that they seemed to be rushing us out at the end when there were an abundance of seating, no one waiting, and it took them an eternity to actually take our order and open our wine.
Anyway, that said, it was a good experience and I would go back!Perhaps it wasn't our night, but a friend had a birthday dinner at Core de Roma back in March and I cannot say I began having a good time until we left.
It took about 90 minutes to finally get our plates.  I'm not kidding.  Sure we arrived in small groups and the management didn't want to start serving us until our entire party had arrived, yet to not get so much as a glass of water for an hour was aggravating to say the least.
There is a bar so we could ultimately drink to blur the edges of our frustration once we were seated, however, this didn't make totally up for the wait, the noise (there was a table of two very drunk 30-something couples who must have been reenacting their version of The Real World Philadelphia while we waited) and the fact that the food we waited all that time for...really wasn't all that great.
No, this one won't be on my list of favorites when I'm looking to eat in the South Street area in the future.It wasn't bad it was ok Service was nice place over all cozy but small menu with nothing to mind blowing not bad but not worth the wait.A Sunday night dinner was a huge success.  Totally missable exterior that we walked right past the first time, but inside is comfortable and fun.  Appetizer special stuffed artichokes were delicious, as was my osso bucco - done perfectly, seasoned with a light hand and atop delicious risotto.  My tablemates were equally enthusiastic about their chicken dishes.  Very nice beans/tomatoes in oil to go with the bread.  Two servers handling the whole room, but did so attentively and helpfully (notwithstanding the large table full of boisterous ladies next to us, clearly enjoying themselves).  I will definitely be back.Excellent dinner for our anniversary while visiting from out of town.  Feels like you took a plane to Rome, got directions from a local, and ended up in a neighborhood favorite.Fantastic! My boyfriend and I wanted to go somewhere the Saturday before Valentine's Day, and we wanted good, homemade Italian. I called a few days ahead and was happy to hear that there was no special V Day menu until the actual day. I made a reservation for 6:30, because I was given a much-appreciated heads up that about 30-40 people were coming in from 7-7:30.
There weren't many people there when we arrived, so the owner, his son and his wife weren't very stressed out and were able to chat - they were very nice! I got nervous when we were given Valentine's Day menus, because I had already figured out what I wanted. The prices weren't raised, which was good, but the appetizer I wanted to try wasn't on it. I asked the owner, and he said it would be no problem since it wasn't busy yet. We got the Suppli al Telefono, which was AMAZING. My boyfriend got the chicken parm, I got the gnocchi, and both were fantastic.
I did notice that it was harder to get our check by the time we were done because the place had filled up, but that was understandable. Cute atmosphere, nice people - I'd go back in a heartbeat, as long as it wasn't super crowded.Came here for a holiday dinner with friends; I'd give it 3.5 stars for decent, but not exceptional, Italian.  Their menu is so exciting considering it is so ROMAN, but I'd have to say that the biggest issue on the execution of the dishes is blandness.  The tomato sauce for the gnocchi (homemade and 4/5 stars) was bland, and the cream sauce for the Boscaiola (which is exactly a dish I'd eat regularly at La Scala in Trastevere that they called "Norcina") was also bland.  I was seriously considering the Carbonara, but am happy I avoided as Carbonara is only good when it's done really really right, and I"m not sure it would have been done right here.
If they'd step it up just a few notches and update their decor, they'd blow all the Italian in S Philly out of the water with that menu!Most of these reviews already hit it. Appetizers are great, food is delicious!  Family run restaurant and the owners are great people and run a fabulous neighborhood treasure.I don't know what it is about these South Street restaurants, but they all seem to have a faint odor to them, and not the good kind. Overall the place was fine. The food was good and not too salty like most places. The wait staff was nice but seemed incredibly thrown off that we showed up early for our reservation (even though nobody else was in the restaurant). It was a fine experience, A-OK, but certainly not a place I'd go to twice.I've been here twice, both for birthday dinners, and they are absolutely incredible.  You can make a reservation to ensure that you have enough space for your group.  The food is very authentic (the owner is from Rome), and his son works there 6 days a week.  They are very kind, and accommodating;  they are BYOB and also have a bar.  I recommend Core de Roma for lunch, dinner, dinner parties or even just eating dinner solo.Great atmosphere! Great waitress! Great food!
The stuffed artichoke was awesome as was the shrimp appetizer. The home made fettucinni with the bolognese sauce was fantastic!  
Bellisimo!!This is one of my favorite Italian restaurants. I've never tasted a bad dish here and have been many times. It's BYOB which is always a plus in my book but you can only bring in beer and wine, not hard liquor. The artichoke appetizer is ridiculously good and my favorite main dishes are the Fettuccine Carbonara and the Bucatini alla Matriciana. Delish and I'm getting hungry just writing this review. It's family run and watching the father and son interact is sometimes comical.Stopped in here unexpectedly, and glad we did. The food was great. Husband had pasta bolognese and I had chicken parm. We ordered a bruschetta, which was really quite good. Nice basil flavor and good tomatoes for the season. The pasta was exceptional and the sauces delicious. Two entrees and one appetizer came in under $40. A great value for the quality of the food. We will definitely go back.This place is one of a kind! Not only do they have great food but the owner is one of the nicest people you will meet. We went, there was 8 of us, and we got seated right away. The bean dish they give you with the bread is out of this world! We all couldn't stop talking about it. So I decided to email the restaurant the next day. Within 3 hrs, the owner called me himself and gave me the recipe. Will def be going backComing here is like having dinner at your Nonna , the Chicken Parmesan was most and tender , with a choice of many sides Veggies or any pasta just ask . Friendly staff and the owner always has time to stop and say helloDinner for four here the weekend following Thanksgiving. 
There was a snaffu with our electronic reservations, but they were still able to seat us immediately, so props for that. 
The stuffed veal chop (saturday special, I think) was earth-shattering. Veal is generally mild, so the sauce and the cheese really took this entree to the next level. 
Also tried the lasagna (very tasty) and the excellent home-made pasta (I think it was fettuccine or linguine).
This establishment is BYOB, but also features a bar. (I can vouch for their lemon cello.) 
Oh, and for appetizers, have the artichoke, you can thank me later.Great place for good food and fun with friends!!! We were there for my fiancé's birthday, and had a group of 14, they were sooooooo wonderful with us and very accomedating!!!! Food was absolutely delicious!!!! Way under valued!!!!!
Also they had a great singer to serenade us, Cantore ooooooooh ohhhhhh !!!This is one of the best restaurants in the city, hands down.  Everyone talks about the artichoke appetizer and yes, it will bring tears of joy to your eyes, but every other dish we've had here has been absolutely outstanding.  My boyfirend was raised in Rome and he doesn't use the work "best" very often, ie., this is the best artichokes I've ever had.  I took my best friend who lives in Rome part time here last week and she was brimming with enthusiasm for the whole experience.  The service is comparable to the service you get a Mom's...the food comes out when it's ready.  It's like eating in someone's home.  I have eaten in restaurants literally all over the world and all over this city and I am so not down with the "show" and the overly "friendly yet efficient" wait staff -- dining at Buddakan is a pretty tense experience. Just give me some real people.  And I always chuckle at the reviews for "Papa's" waitering skills -- he's semi-retired now but he is in the top 100 ranked  IT consultants IN THE WORLD.  He helps out at his son's restaurant for fun.  BIG TIP: although they serve alcohol, it is also a BYOB seven nights a week.The service was nice. the prices were really good for the most part.  one word. PASTA! The best best bang for the buck in pasta. Nothing too fancy and complicated on the menu but some days you want some good pasta. 
The mussels were good. eggplant app also good. The entrée veal i had and the steak my mother ordered  was a bit weak and overall i wouldn't order the meats again. the wie by the glass was a too small but overall i would go back for the pasta.This place was amazing! Probably one of the best Italian restaurants I have dined in a long time! We ordered a pasta dish and lamb. It was so divine and delicious. The server and owner made you feel very welcome and they gave us excellent recommendations. If you are in Philly and south street than this place is a MUST!A good, family-run southern Italian restaurant.  Great atmosphere.  We ate wit our family over the weekend. The owner was extremely warm and friendly, and made us feel like we were visiting his home.  Some of the food was quite good -- intense olive oil on the table, and the spaghetti with muscles and other seafood was excellent.  Dishes with sauces were a bit smothered, and the bread was so-so.  But we would definitely go back.I have been to Core De Roma several times now and have yet to be disappointed.  The Artichoke apitizer is worth the trip alone.  Trust the wait staff for any recommendations.
 I have lived in Rome and this place feels transplanted to Philly.Italian (Roman) BYOB in the heart of South Street.
Service was great. Atmosphere was slightly upscale but still casual / homey. Food was delicious - had the artichoke hearts appetizer (apparently flown in from Rome?), bone-in veal entree, and fettuccine carbonara.
Can't beat the location. Great place to eat and drink before going out in South St.Excellent!!!
This Establishment was recommend by some friends from Italy, who proclaimed it was the best Italian food they had come across, outside of Italy of course. They did not disappoint, this place is OUTSTANDING!
It's a BYO with excellent friendly down home service. 
The food is exceptional. The chef truly knows how to bring the flavor out of food. It's NOT generic Italian coated with a load of cheese. But the sauces and dishes are well crafted representations of a chef who takes great pride in the product he/she is putting out. 
Every dish I have had here has been served good and hot.
The pasta dishes are properly aldente. 
The fettuccine is made fresh in house.
Please do yourself a favor and try this place you will not be dissappointed. Unfortunately once you have tasted the food here you will not be able to stuff down the generic soulless garbage that most other Italian restaurants try to feed you.
They do accept credit cards (aka they don't make it a hassle for you)
They also are making their own fresh bread in house now.Really a fantastic restaurant. I just stumbled upon this on South Street with my friend, and we decided to give it a try. What an amazing night! Every dish was fantastic, it's been a while since I've felt this way about a restaurant.Make sure you make a reservation. Fast service food was fantastic. Good portions. Bread appears home made. Fettuccini is home made! Very cute place. Good spot for a date.Awsome, the real deal. Food and service was top notch, and the. Prices were reasonable. Oh, this was the west chester location,
  Yhe only issue was two women on their cell phones the entire meal. Learn some decency folks.All I can say is I love this place!!...After me and my boyfriend came back from ROMA  the frist time....we were missing the food soooooo much when we got home...We were on the computer checking out places for Italian cusine.,but not your typical italian food...when we came across the menu for CORE DE ROMA....It was like too good to be true..so we went and were blown away....it was like we were in ROMA  all over again...the atmosphere is awesome..they don't rush you...like in italy...you take 3 hrs or soo 4 a meal..u enjoy it..let it settle..its not that long here but it made me feel right at home with not being rushed ....I tell everyone about this place.....I carry their cards with me..thats how much I love it...lol/...call me crazy I dont care....Very nice Italian BYOB restaurant.
I had a veal marsala special with spinach and mozz, and my girlfriend had a creamy pasta dish with chunks of crab and tomatoes. Both were delicious.
The very friendly waitstaff, a short wait for the food, and a pleasant atmosphere made this a great choice.UNBELIEVABLE Artichoke appetizer special... so outstanding I had to get a second helping!  The Sausage Ravioli special was really good too!  I highly recommend this one... and great prices too!We were pretty consistent customers of Gnocchi before they closed and hadn't tried Core de Rome until recently.  Despite several attempts the food is consistently mediocre.  The artichoke appetizer is very good but the bread is just okay.  I have had several of the pasta dishes and some specials as well. Overall the food is not all that great. Their red sauce is average and their pasta is often served with way too much sauce on it.Great food, reasonable prices. Best part is that it is BYOB. The waiter we had was VERY knowledgeable of the menu.Don't leave without trying the artichokes. The owner made friends with my family quickly and we go all the time. They recently opened a location is West Chester as well. The food is phenomenal and my standards for great Italian food is high.I had the pollo francese and Spo had a plate of linguini and mixed seafood. The food was spectacular, but on another note, our waitress, Nicole, was EFFING SUPERB. Honestly, it's very difficult to be served by a member of the waitstaff that is so attentive and also, proactive without being intrusive. She even gave me a tip on how to deal with a toothache.
Back to the food or whatever... Everyone loved their orders, and the birthday girl, Spo, was given a free order of tiramisu. Everyone in the restaurant sang happy birthday to her, which took me back to my grammar school days, but it was actually a lovely and not campy gesture. Even though the weather epitomized "meh," we all had a great time. The next time I'm in Philly, I want to go back to Core de Roma, and I will ask to be served by Nicole. GO AS ROMA!I order food from Core De Roma at leas once per week through DiningIn. Everything that I have received has been extremely well prepared and is always delicious. I cannot speak for the atmosphere as I have only gotten delivery but everything I have ordered has been greatThe food here is fantastic and the staff was great. Service was right on top of every thing. I LOVE this place!Found this place by chance on a phone app, looking for a nice place to have dinner while we were visiting Philadelphia a few months ago.  Made a reservation on OpenTable (it was a Saturday night) and when we arrived, were warmly greeted and seated immediately.  
This place was outstanding! Good atmosphere, byob or order wine/beer, personable employees along with Papa Gigi! But hands down the best part was the food!  The white beans with the olive oil and bread was such a delicious start and the bruschetta was wonderful. I had the stuffed veal absolute melt in your mouth! Taste and portions were great. Cooked perfect just the way i asked.  I still haven't found a meal to match it.  The services was pleasant and attentive, and the owner was so friendly, he made it feel like family.  Please go see them, you will not regret it.  (A hidden gem on South Street)My favorite Italian restaurant. Luigi the owner greets you at the door and makes you feel like an old friend.  He and his son provide excellent service. I always like it when the owner is also the maitre d. 
Everyone raves about the rationed and they are not to be missed.  You eat the whole thing, stem and all. Caesar salad is excellent.  So s the pasta.  Get the house red wine. Total bill or two was $60 plus tipHonestly some of the worst service I've ever had
Went to this place with a group of 8 this weekend. We were seated and right off the bat it took a while to get menus for everyone and it took even longer to get our bottle of wine opened, after we asked 3 times.
We ordered appetizers and entrees at the same time to try to speed things up a little bit. The calamari was gummy and flavorless, bruschetta wasn't very good either. We pretty much didn't see our waitress for the next hour. This one waiter with a permanent scowl on his face would walk by occasionally to maybe refill water. Finally we asked where our food was, and our waitress said it was "up on the line" and almost ready. 20 minutes later, after a table of 5 who got there well after us had received their food, we finally got ours. Most of the food was fine, not all of it though by any means. When we finally saw our waitress again, we expressed our dissatisfaction and she basically said she didn't know what happened and then said that they probably rushed the other table's food because they had kids with them, and that was about all she had to say. Even though it had taken about an hour and 45 minutes for the food, they never offered any way to make it right. After another 20 minutes, we finally got the checks, and they had kindly added a 20% tip to the check which was maybe the biggest joke/slap in the face ever. I would definitely not recommend this place. there are so many other restaurants that are so much better. Stay away!This place is an experience. A tiny Italian restaurant over on South Street that is truly family-owned....by real Italians. While this isn't that unique, it is a dying phenomenon in many parts of the US. 
In true Italian style:
1. The service was relaxed (aka "slow").
2. The servers were busy conversing with the younger, attractive patrons at the large table next to ours.
3. The pasta was fresh, and possibly hand-made.
4. The manager was a large, jovial old man who could have easily been in the mob. He was happy to talk to us about what's good on the menu. On our receipt that night, we were informed that our server went by the name "papa".
The food seemed hit or miss. The hit was the artichoke appetizer. BEST ARTICHOKE EVER. I should have just ordered 4 of these for dinner! Wow. Seriously do not pass this up. Papa claimed its a very old family recipe, which I would doubt, except for the fact it was unbelievably awesome. The miss was that actual pasta (which is totally unacceptable). I had the penne vodka (pink sauce). As I mentioned, the pasta was fresh and al-dente. But boy that sauce was tasteless. Seriously....no amount of parmesan and salt could revive it. Totally unacceptable for any italian restaurant.
Nevertheless, go the artichoke, and go for papa. Why not?This place was adorable. It was quiet, with great Italian food. Get the artichoke appetizer and lemonchello dessert!My wife and I dined here last Wednesday evening and the place was busy.  The meal started with good homemade bread.  However the appetizers were unimpressive.  The rice ball was nothing special and rather dry.  My wife had a pasta dish that eas over cooked and mushy.  I had the veal saltimbocca which was ok but nothing special.  The service was friendly and energetic.  We were disappointed in the food after reading good things on yelp.A friend was visiting from out of town and a large group of our friends were walking along South Street.  We stumbled across this restaurant one Tuesday night, and realized that some of life's best moments are unplanned.  
The service at this place is truly exceptional. Family owned and it feels like it. Unfortunately, the chicken marsala wasn't in top form, but other dishes were superb including: the Linguine alla Pescatora and the tilapia.  The appetizers and desserts were tasty too.  And the owner suggested a yummy after dinner liqeur that was the perfect end to a great meal.   
This BYOB is a fun place to get together with friends.  We'll definitely be back.Overall, not a pleasant dining room.  Paint peeling from the ceiling.
Artichoke appetizer was excellent, as mentioned in previous reviews.
Mussels were very small, hardly worth the effort.
Gnocchi was bland with mediocre tomato sauce.
Veal was not tender.  Lemon sauce just OK.
All in all, this did not live up to any of the recent reviews that were posted.  I suspect that there are much better restaurants on South Street.We LOVE this place! The food is amazing. It is BYOB and the waitress made us feel right at home! The gnocchi is amazing as well as the crab linguini! 
Be warned the service can be slow! But they make up for it!Core de Roma is great place to get fairly authentic Italian pastas, which appear to be their specialty. My wife and I have tried many of their dishes and tend to fall back on the spaghetti bolognese or various blush sauces most often, unless they have other interesting pasta specials, which can also be quite good (the cannelloni was awesome). Appetizers, soups, and salads tend to be good as well... especially the artichoke hearts. Also, the complimentary bread with oil and beans is a nice touch. Entrées seem to be more hit-or-miss, but we haven't had enough to say for sure which are better than others. Desserts tend to be very good.
Service, especially Joe, the main waiter, is great. He's very attentive and knows many regulars by name. We tend to make reservations because their small space fills up quickly toward dinner time. And, despite the bar, this is a BYOB so you can save quite a bit on alcohol by bringing your own along.This was an excellent italian place. The food was some of the best italian I've ever had. I ordered the Penne alla Vodka and the sauce was amazing and had the perfect amount of the right cheese and flavor. My party also ordered the Buccatani and it was exceptional. The Calamari and Mussels for appetizers were great too. The atmosphere of the place was very family-oriented and you felt like since there were only a few tables that everyone was focused on making your experience better. The owner GiGi came out and took our order and talked with us the whole night. When my friend ordered the artichokes and they were out he gave her something not on the menu and on the house. I can't speak to the level of service and food enough, especially for the price. Factor in that i's BYOB and I will definitely go back.I am not a fan of South Street.. but was pleasantly surprised when friends brought me to this wonderful little BYO Italian restaurant (they also have a bar). What a gem. It's family run, and the service is excellent. The food was excellent, and I was impressed with the quality and quantity of food. You never have to look for your waiter or wonder when your glass of water will be refilled.  It just happens! The artichoke app, as well as the caesar salad were both great. The chicken parm was some of the best that I have had in a long time. My friends ordered dishes that were also excellent. Overall, a great find on South Street, and I plan to return again, and again. If you go early, getting a table should not be a problem.. if you plan on going after 6pm, be sure to make reservations.First time to restaurant, food was PHENONMENAL, wait stuff was attentive.  Décor and ambience.... very cozy, felt like I was dinning in an Italian grandmother's home.  BYOB is a huge bonus.We were tired of the same old chain restaurants,I set out on a quest to give my man who works so hard a special night out.After reading review's I decided let's try a smaller maybe hidden gem.I'm so glad we did,what a great meal.Service was excellent,the food was great very filling.The only small problem is parking,but it's South Street so take that into account.We will definitely go backOur "Go-To" Italian BYO.   Have rarely been disappointed by a meal here.  Best entrees for us have been pasta and fish.  We've sat at the bar when we forgot to get a reservation.  Not very comfortable but worth it to have a good meal!  Unusually good espresso.  Not a fan of their bread but their bean "salad" which comes with is outstanding.Great restaurant! Very chill atmosphere, good food and the price is very reasonable.Awesome dinner!   I especially recommend the special artichoke appetizer.  And the Chicken Primavera, which is healthy and light!  Excellent, friendly atmosphere and waiter.  Definitely will return.  Even though they sell wine, you can bring in your own bottle (BYOB) for no fee.I only ordered take-out, but heart was broken with my order.
They give you a butt load of bread (cool, I guess.) My Insalata Core De Roma sounded very good, but came drenched in dressing. I'm sure if I tilted the plate I could gather about a shots worth. So I improvised... let some of the bread sit in the dressing to soak it up & it was right as rain. My friend had the Fettuccine Alfredo. It was so so wrong... so bland... the pepper wasn't fresh ground as the menu claimed and came wrapped in foil in a Styrofoam container (as did my salad) which I thought was weird.
I don't want to rule them out, just tell them to put the dressing on the side & avoid the Fettuccine Alfredo. I do want to try to Artichoke App' everyone is raving about though.Very very goof ! The pasta was almost perfect. Like others have said the artichoke app was wonderful.Great spot right on South Street. One of the few that offers both byob and a bar. This was our second time here. There is a wine and spirits store right down the street so we picked up a bottle and did dinner for a late valentine's day dinner. Food is great, atmosphere is a little cramped but warm and cozy.  Suppli' al Telefono was new to me as an appetizer but was very good. Staff was extremely friendly and hard working but it was apparent that another body would have been a big help. Still comes highly recommended and will definitely be back!We have eaten here twice, now, and will probably continue to visit since it is only a few blocks from our place... first experience was better than the second. 
First time, server was wonderful - super friendly and accommodating, and both appetizers and entrees were delicious - they even were more than happy to make my sauce option a little more "fra diavalo" style without hesitation :)  
Second time, I don't know if the air conditioner was broken, or if they don't think they need one... but they DO! It was sweltering, and on top of that, our server seemed flustered each time she visited our table, which was not more than to take take drinks/food orders and to deliver the food/check.After studying abroad in Italy, I have come across very few restaurants that taste like the food served fresh and deliciously in Italy. Core de Roma surpassed my expectations tremendously. The artichoke appetizers are phenomenal, as well were both my dish and my boyfriend's dish. The dishes tasted just like they did while I was in Italy. For dessert, the tiramisu was incredible.
I am very impressed with this restaurant. I believed myself to be in Italy at the time. The service is typically Italian: relaxed, friendly, and comforting. You felt as if you could remain in the restaurant for hours, enjoying good food and good wine.
I certainly hope I return to Philadelphia soon so I can eat here once again! It will be hard for me to eat Italian food again for a while because it just won't taste as good as it did at Core de Roma!We decided to try this restaurant based on other yelp reviews and we were not disappointed.  The artichoke appetizer was amazing as was the spinach salad.  Our entrees were also awesome veal with asparagus and blush sauce as well as the veal and scampi.   When I told our server that it was my husband's birthday we were given an absolutely delicious tiirimisu as well as an aperitif. Both were complimentary. Service was outstanding. All in all a restaurant we would eagerly recommendI feel compelled to write this review for two reasons. The first is to clear up a review which I saw that tried to say that the name is not Italian because it isn't Cuore Di Roma. In the Roman dialect, i.e. romanesco, "cuore" becomes "core" and "di" becomes "de", so in fact it's super correct. A little bit of knowledge can be a dangerous thing I guess.
My other reason for reviewing is to mention that our experience here was as close to Rome as we've had on this side of the pond. The supplì (the Roman version of the Sicilian arancini) were delicious, very traditional, as were the matriciana and boscaiola. Portions were fairly large (again, traditional) and unfortunately I ran out of room before dessert - maybe next time. The only other things to know are that the prices were very good and the service was fantastic - very unrushed, very Roman - even though we showed up senza una prenotazione. Benissimo!The service here was so slow and bad we could hardly believe it. Every request (menus, wine uncorked, bill, etc.) took 2-3 times asking. The waitress disappeared for about an hour, and the food took over an hour and a half to come to the table. We waited so long that we would have preferred to just leave at that point. The food was fine but nothing special - certainly not worth the absurd wait and negligent service. I strongly recommend against going here... find another restaurant.Ever get that jonesin' for Italian food?  I mean the hearty servings (ahhh...I can't eat anymore...) you'd get from your loving, overly affectionate, light facial hair nonna?  Yeah, that kind of food.  Well, Core de Roma is that kind of place.
A mid size joint with seating for perhaps 40, byob, CdR delivered knockout delicious food in big portions.  The artichoke hearts were the best interpretation of this classic I grew up with and an absolute must if you visit.  I also enjoyed their bolognese with paparadelle and it really spoke to me (in Italian of course).  Service was spot on and prices were reasonable.  Make reservations as the place was packed on Friday night.
Really, as close to your Italian grandmother's cooking as you'll get, sans facial hair.  Mangia bene!First off, WHY ONLY 2 OTHER REVIEWS?
I find it quite astonishing that mediocre places have over 400 reviews and Core de Roma doesn't.
Also, "Core" = heart. It's in the roman dialect. The owner is from Roma. He can definitely spell things in Italian considering he, well, is an immigrant from Italy. 
Tangents are my life.
Anywho, I loved this place (obviously). I know authentic is a word thrown around a lot when referring to any ethnic food, but I actually went to culinary school in Florence and have spent a lot of time in Rome, so I can honestly say that this is truly authentic roman cuisine.
Their artichoke appetizer is what they're known for. I hate artichokes, but I loved theirs.  Their fried calamari was also delicious. 
For my main, I ordered a braised fish (branzino) that is filleted  table side and is tender and fresh. I think it was the seafood special of the day. 
Also, the owner is so nice and so are his 3 sons. Very animated and socievole. They gave us free chianti and were very attentive.pretty good. I had something pasta with seafood ?? very good flavor and friendly staff( I think the guy took care of us is the owner. layback style.. I felt relax when i was there.Core de Roma gave us a better dining experience than most places when we were in Roma (we went December 2012 so it wasn't too long ago and the memories are still pretty fresh).  The fresh ingredients really make the difference here at Core de Roma and I am in love with their appetizer-size options for all of their pastas.  An appetizer portion is half the price of whatever dish you want +$2.  Practically a steal and you'll definitely finish what's on your plate. 
My taste buds were in for an adventure and I didn't even know it.  I ordered the appetizer portion of their Pasta Carbonara (pasta choice: fettuccine) and I was pleasantly surprised to learn that their pasta is HOMEMADE.  I was falling in love with every single bite that I took.  This portion was actually the perfect size for me to finish without overwhelming my stomach.  I sampled some Fettuccine Alfredo and the bites of cheese were very fresh.  This version of fettuccine alfredo is both lighter and heavier at the same time ... you could see and taste the bites of cheese and the sauce was thicker, but the taste wasn't as heavy as other alfredos I've tried.  I also tried their Suppli Al Telefono (basically a rice ball) and they were great - both in texture and in taste.  
The ambiance is quite intimate and they open their windows on nicer days so that it feels like you're dining al fresco.  Definitely a great place to bring a date or to have an intimate dinner.  Our server was awesome - giving us recommendations and interactive without making us feel like she was too consistent in checking up on us.Dined here with a group of 18 people on a Thursday night in May 2013. They had us set up along one wall with a long family style table. Nice that you can BYOB. The food was good. We ordered everything family style. Started with the Antipasto Italiano, Carpaccio, and Verdure Miste (3 orders of each).  Lots of good bread served with the apps and a nice white bean and garlic topper. Moved onto the specials - again family style- wild mushroom ravioli with a smoked Gouda sauce and a Tilapia stuffed with crab.  Very good. 
We also shared the Chicken Parmesan, 
Ossobuco Di Vitello,Spaghetti Alla Puttanesca and Penne All'arrabbiata. The red sauce was nice and the entrees served hot. Good not extraordinary. 
The four star is really for how much fun we had. Service was only ok. The servers did there best as there were other large tables dining during our meal. This place is right on south street and a fun time with a group.My husband and I live in the neighborhood and we absolutely love Core di Roma!!   We go at least once a month and we look forward to each visit.   The food is great, Joe (the owner and main waiter) makes every visit special and the price simply cannot be beat!  My husband especially loves that even though they have a bar you can BYOB.  I am obsessed w/ the eggplant parm and the cacio di pepe...both the most amazing rendition of each I have had!We're hosing an exchange student from Italy, who, missing his authentic pasta carbonara, gave this one high praise when our family of five went on his birthday.  The owner/son was absolutely delightful, making our Italian son feel welcome and special.  Though we had to wait a bit longer than we would've liked for our entrees, they all came out at the same time and were piping hot and delicious.  The service was attentive and polite.  They even brought us a tiramisu with a birthday candle to celebrate.  We will absolutely go back.First off, they spelled "core" wrong. Heart in Italian is cuore (pronounced quar-ay). Try not to mention this to your server if you want a pleasant night, however.
This is a family-owned establishment that recently got a revamp and new name. The Italian food is pretty good, too. The conversation is always better, though, as the servers are so pleasant. 
They also added a bar hear, which is a fun place to hang out (really small though) and talk to the cute Italian boys.
INSIDER'S TIP: Take advantage of Core's Italian Lessons night and meet some new people while you learn the bella language.My favorite Italian restaurant in the world. Get the Italian artichokes, which are imported from Rome. Homemade pasta specials. Joe the waiter is poetry in motion. The house wine is Multipiciano and is great even by the glass. Very affordable. But they're growing in popularity and you need reservations on the weekend..I really enjoyed the simple menu. there wasn't anything fancy or pretentious it was all normal pasta dishes that you could find someone making in a home kitchen. We enjoyed the food and the atmosphere on a friday night. It wasn't crowded at all but it seemed like we were the only people who were not 'regulars' waiter seems to know the patrons by name, which I always think is cool. If I lived in Philadelphia, I might become a regular here.Me and my companion stopped here on a cold night, seeking a warm atmosphere and even warmer food to satisfy our hunger.  This place is cozy, no frills, with some very pleasing artwork hanging on the walls (it was worth mentioned since I did remark at how much I enjoyed their artwork).  The servers were all very nice and appreciative of our patronage.  We were waited on by an older gentleman, quite possibly the owner (quite a character).  He was very comical and conversational.  I remember at the end of the meal he was genuinely concerned as to whether we liked the meal or not.  He truly cared for our honest opinion of the food.  I got a classic Caesar salad to start (it was very heavy on the anchovy, but to my liking), and my friend got a small pasta Alfredo as an appetizer...i mean.... antipasto.  The Alfredo sauce was very creamy, but lacked the sharpness of the cheese that many good Alfredo sauces have.  We also received fresh baked Italian bread, very crusty and airy, served along with some absolutely delectable marinated green beans.  The beans were marinated in what looked like a  combo of extra virgin olive oil, peppers, rosemary, oregano, and other aromatic spices.  The end result, some really kick-ass green beans!  They were a unique touch to their dining service.  They refilled our water constantly throughout the service, which is something I always have appreciated and enjoyed.  For my main course, I ordered one of their specials, a ricotta ravioli with a spicy homemade red sauce (quite a zing), and grilled chicken.  The dish was delicious.  My friend got their peppered fillet special, which also looked very good, and he stated it was well prepared also.  This is certainly a family-run business, the owner even shook both our hands as we left for the evening, a very welcoming and hospitable man.  Four stars due to the prices being way higher than I thought was warranted for what you actually got.  Great nonetheless.This was our third visit, and this is one of our favorite neighborhood restaurants. We liked it before, but tonight was just exceptional. We had the grilled vegetable plate and eggplant stuffed with smoked mozzarella for appetizers. To die for. The grilled vegetables had a slight bite, then melted in your mouth. Unreal. The salads were better than average. Entree - excellent. He had veal lasagne. I had grilled mahi mahi with mroe grilled veggies and roasted potatoes. Finished off by splitting coconut sorbet, which was nicely served in a coconut shell. Everything was perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned, and the flavors were memorable. We highly recommend this restaurant.We were celebrating a birthday dinner at Core de Roma. Attracted by high scores on many websites, we traveled quite far to have dinner there. Let me warn you, it did NOT live up to its scores!!
We arrived 4 minutes past our reservation time and were told we would have to wait a few minutes for our table. It took THIRTY minutes to get our table. When we approached the manager about it, he got angry and was INCREDIBLY rude. He told us "there's the door! leave if you want!". As we were being seated, the waiters were setting the tables and actually threw the plates down in front of us. Nothing was done to make up for our wait.
I was also excited to have the food as it had been given good reviews. There were plates of beans to start that were actually quite delicious. The artichoke dish I had read so much about beforehand was just alright. My pasta dish was very mediocre.
All in all, very underwhelming food and service that left us shocked in horror!We were on South Street and I mentioned to my husband that I was in the mood for Italian. One block later and there was Core de Roma. While we were reading the menu outside, a regular was heading in for takeout and gave us an enthusiastic recommendation. So glad we took his advice! We just returned from Rome last month and I am still longing for all things Rome. A painting of Castel St Angelo on the wall; cacio e pepe and bucatini on the menu....sigh! We were served really fresh, crusty bread with an accompanying white bean salad. We shared the stuffed artichoke appetizer. My husband inhaled his pollo valdostana, while I happily twirled my spaghetti carbonara. All of this, plus a glass of pino, came to $54! What a wonderful find.I'm a fan of the fettucini in bolognese sauce here. The sauce is a mix of lamb and beef and the fettucini is made in house! Portions are large, so bring an appetite!Get the specials. Great drinks good pour on the scotch.I was tasked once again with the charge of finding a restaurant that would appeal to the picky senses of my college girlfriends. To be clear, not all of them are picky, but the ones who are, are to the extreme. After several rounds of emails, each with links to several restaurants, Core de Roma fit the bill. I suspect it's because they have chicken parmesan on their menu, although I'll never know for sure since no one ordered it.
I called to make a reservation several weeks in advance and was told that only 8:30pm was available. Would that fly with the mommies and mommies-to-be? It appeared so. And in the end, it really worked out since the Phillies (RIP) had their first playoff game against the Cardinals that night at 5pm. 
So at 8:30, happy from a day packed with a 5K, festivals and Phillies win, we arrived hungry and armed with bottles of wine (well, three of us did, anyway). We received bread and a plate of white beans in garlic and olive oil, which I definitely liked as an alternative to plain olive oil. Then we shared some bruschetta and a few salads. All were tasty and everyone seemed happy. 
Not all pastas at Core de Roma are homemade, so if that's your thing, be sure to ask first. I believe the proprietor told us the ravioli, fettuccini and gnocchi are the three that are. I went with the ravioli in arrabbiata sauce. It was very good. Not the best I've ever had in life, but certainly good. My neighboring friend's chicken francaise was excellent. I stole forkfuls of her broccoli rabe, which soaked in the lemony butter sauce, knowing she wouldn't eat it anyway (one of the picky ones).
Desserts were traditional but above average. I definitely favored the cannoli over the tiramisu, but that was just my preference. 
With gratuity figured in, we walked out having spent less than $35 per girl, without any of the aggravation of a comparably-priced place like La Viola. Really the only thing I can think to criticize of the night was the fact that smokers would go outside and puff away in front of the open windows, causing the smoke smell to travel all the way back to our table. Overall, Core de Roma was a great choice for the group and we were pleased with our experience.