Great food! We enjoyed crabs and the hibachi as well. The inside is not huge but it's a good size. It is very clean and the servers are quick and polite. It's is BYOB but the water was great for me! I got Dungeness crabs with the Crack sauce and it was so good!!! I took my son and daughter and they enjoyed the noodle and rice hibachi platters. The seafood is fresh.Charged me 2 dollars extra for "extra vegetables" and they barely gave any vegetables. Seems like a rip off to me. And no I did not eat any, I didn't even call to complain. Just trying to help others.The crab was great, sauces was on point.. The hot sauce was not hot hot. But a nice hot taste.
Would definitely go back again...They were good. Two medium size king crab legs cost $37. The buffalo wings are delicious. Also, try a THAI tea!So good and so very worth the money. Good prices. I recommend trying the Crab RangoonsOrdered through grub hub. Took about 45 min to get here, and the food was still hot like it was just served. Hibachi was really good. I was skeptical about getting scallops as I thought they would have came over done, but they were perfect. They did forget the shrimp in one meal, but quickly made it right for my next visit.This place is so good !!! I got the headless shrimp with the Crack Crab sauce!! It was sooo, sooooo, good! I got the mild spice level, i think ill try a a step up from that next time as I didnt really taste any kick. 
Im visiting here in Philly for a work trip and I will definitely be back before I leave!Price are reasonable.   However, they allow BYOB but there will be $5 wine service charge if you bring your own bottle and ask for their wine glass.  Make sure check you  bill carefully before pay.Hubby and I absolutely love seafood . We will travel wherever we need to go to make sure it's worth our money.  When I tell you the food was AMAZING,  trust me. Hubby had Hibachi Shrimps and I had the Dungeness crab platter. Too many places will have Alaskan because it's cheaper, they serve Dungeness with corn and potatoes , the best! Appetizer servings, bigger than I anticipated.  The difference between this place and all the other crab facilities,  you can have rice and low mein if you want. You can taste how the food is cooked fresh and made to order. The customer service is so personable and they attend to your every need.  It will definitely be my spot to visit at least twice a month.  We ordered a lot of food along with drinks and the bill was still low. I felt so guilty because the food was well worth more, I gave a big tip. Hubby and I will be regularGood spot, if you live in the area or happen to be there. Service a lil slow but food is good. BYOB is a good thing here.The food was great and service for takeout was quick and efficient. I have been here several times and always receive great service.Omgeee absolutely great experience, we really wanted seafood and found this gem. With only 4 reviews we weren't sure but I'm glad we gave it a try. We tried the calamari is Def imitation just FYI but the Waffle fries were hitting. On to the seafood -----it was seasoned well, I love that it comes in a bag helps with the mess. Corn, potatoes and broccoli were great too... Their green mussels were HUGE & YUMMY! Its BYOB so bring your bottle and enjoy!! Spread the word I'm sure they do be super busy as soon as the word gets out.Crack Crab is a small seafood restaurant / takeout spot. Not much ambiance.  I dined in to try some of their fried seafood. My meal started off with spring rolls. They were a good start. But before I even finished them I got my jumbo shrimp platter. The shrimp are just a regular size, definitely NOT jumbo. I must have gotten a mix of 2 different batches. Half were perfectly cooked shrimp and the other half overcooked. It was odd because the fried coating seemed the same on all of them. The platter came with very good waffle fries. I also had a chance to taste my date's fried fish. It was fried cod. It was good, but a little too much breading. The meal ended with a slice of Oreo cheesecake. It was served cold, a big no no in my book. I had to wait for it to at least get close to room temperature. It was OK, but something was off with the consistency.
Most people dining in were getting boiled seafood, so maybe that's their specialty. I think crack crab is more suited for takeout, but only if you are close by. I wouldn't travel for it.Finally a promising seafood place in Philly!
The service was attentive and wonderful. Our server made sure to check on us often to see if he could help with anything. It was a tad quiet when we walked in but that's probably because we came in between peak dining times (around 2PM). 
Their menu offers a variety of seafood options with different seafoods by the pound or in combos. My boyfriend and I each got 2 pounds of the crawfish and a drink. He got the crawfish in the hot Cajun flavor and the Thai tea. I tried the crawfish in the (no spicy) crack crab sauce and garlic butter sauce. I also got the Cooling Peach drink. The flavoring of the crawfish is on point! I highly recommend the crack crab sauce. The other reviewer is right in that you need to dig deeper at the bottom of the seafood  boil bags since the flavor is concentrated there (otherwise it might just taste bland and oily). 
There were a few not so stellar parts of our experience. The drinks were a tad too sweet. Also, the crawfish itself was a mixed experience. Some had firm, delicious meat while the other half of the crawfish seemed not so fresh and tasted mushy. Overall, I hope the quality of their crawfish improves.
It is reasonably priced; for $14/lb, you get a fair amount of crawfish and a choice of 2 sides (broccoli, potatoes, or corn).Easily my favorite seafood boil spot in Philly! It's a little out of the way for me, but no where does it better! They have really decent combo deals and generous with their portions/sauce! 
I ordered for pickup! $120 for 4 people was incredibly filling - we were stuffed! That's not an easy thing to accomplish when it comes to seafood. 10/10 would recommend and visit again!Crack crab is located in a weird plaza in North Philly and it's a small indoor eating area.  Due to Covid they are doing more take out of course than people dining in.  Myself and my brother did eat in and there was only one other party in the restaurant.  Just so you know there can be a language barrier when trying to order or ask questions.  
I have been to plenty of seafood places like this and their menu doesn't allow you to make too many adjustments or changes.  I like places like this that allow you to either choose from their combos or create your own.  They don't allow for too many substitutes. 
I got the Dungeness Crab and I got broccoli and corn.  It came with one small piece of corn and a few pieces of broccoli kind of disappointing.  I got the garlic butter sauce with the lowest heat level and it was still spicy as crap to me and I like spicy food.  It was also pretty salty.  
My brother ordered shrimp and got potatoes and corn. He said it was super spicy and it was okay but he has had better.  They also give you the option of hibachi but we did not try any of those options. 
I live far from N. Philly so this would not be a place that I would rush back too.  There are other places in the city also offer seafood broil bags or like I usually do I will make my own.Went here based on the reviews. Food was flavorful. When we asked for spicy, it was SPICY (just right!).  Everything was tasty.  Sauces were good too. The only thing I didn't like was how the salad was drowning in dressing.  
The place was completely empty when we got there, but there were at least 10-12 people who came through for takeout. By the time we left, there were also a couple of others eating. 
This place is solid.  Definitely bringing people here again.Love the service and the prices are perfect for the amount of food that you receive. It is a very comfortable environment with great seafood.I liked to order this seafood from this place . before pendamix food tests very good . good price and not salty . but ....now I don't know what is going on ? Now very salty...very hard to eat ( not good for health) . I throw away after I ate 2 spoon in my mouth . I think I cannot help your business any more . I give you 2 star not from your quality food ...I liked delivery serviceI've been wanting to try seafood prepared like this and it succeed my expectations. Seafood and hibachi were delicious! Definitely will be coming back! Great service and environmentThis place was great! Been looking for a nice seafood restaurant in Philly and bumped into this one. The restaurant was clean and a cute interior. The staff was exceptionally friendly and are really there if you need anything. I'll definitely be coming back and recommend it highly for all my seafood living friends! It is BYOB so if you're looking for a drink don't forget to bring one!Surprisingly really good! Many places only have snow crab legs (due to the shortage), this place had Dungeness for a great price! I wasn't sure of the spice level. I've read a comment that said mild spice was still too spicy! -and I like spice! So, I ordered my food with butter garlic/crack crab seasoning & mild spice! Glad I did! They just gained a new customer :)Best seafood in Philly... Maybe a tie with the click bar.. but definitely one of the best in my opinionWent on a Friday night at 5p.m. and would recommend if you want a booth to get there early and or make a reservation.  It's a small place, but 3/4 full during the entire visit, which I will say was long because my friend and I both ordered the Snow Crab legs in the plastic bag with potatoes, corn on the cob, and the Crack Crab Hot sauce.  The food was amazing!  The Crack Crab sauce really cleared our sinuses and you could even see the garlic and pepper in it.  My two wishes are that one I had the recipe for the sauce and two, I wish they would bottle the sauce it so I could bring it home.  The potatoes were soft and surprisingly great with the food.  I even dipped the corn in the sauce to get more flavoring.  The crab hit the mark as well.  We stayed to finish the food because we didn't want it to go to waste.  The other guest in our party ordered the hibachi and they thought there was a bit too much sauce and it was too sweet.  Will be returning for more Crack Crab ASAP!Came here on Friday night with my boo to celebrate  getting a new job. When I made a reservation I initially had planned to go to crafty crab but guess got confused and made reservations for here instead and ended up at the Crack Crab instead- huge mix up on my part. Well we arrived and the place was small, it seemed more like a place you'd pick up food or do take out versus dine in. We had the reservation, but it was silly cause the place was empty and I guess you really didn't need one. We were seated quickly and got drinks. 
We started with some corn nuggets- which was a special for the day- for a $1.99 you got about 12 of these fried balls that had corn inside of them. I liked them but my boo didn't care for them. We also had a free appetizer with Yelp check in which was sweet! We got the spring rolls- they were okay. 
When looking at the menu they had a nice variety of things but I guess in comparison to the crafty crabs menu that I had looked at and thought I was at- the menu was lacking and I wasn't sure what I'd order. I ended up getting the fried fish which the waiter told me was cod. 
This seafood place has Asian fusion also and sells hibachi which is kinda interesting. The fried fish came out and it was inside a little boat- it was a cute presentation. The fried fish was inexpensive and actually tasted pretty good. I was happy with my selection. The only thing I would complain about is the fact that the fish came by itself, not with cole slaw or fries which was lame. I felt like it was missing something. 
For dessert we ended up getting the Oreo cheesecake- but not too sure it was Oreo cheesecake- tasted more like just a plain Oreo cake. I think the next time I go- I'll try one of their seafood boils because that's what everyone was ordering around us and maybe that's what they are known for- more so than the other items on their menu.The Crack Crab sauce is amazing. It is definitely worth it for great seafood. I recently had an issue with a delivery order So I called and they were apologetic. It was an inconvenience but I went back and they did make it right.We got delivery from here and wow everything was fantastic. Food was fresh and hot l. Delivery was fast. I had the chicken and shrimp hibachi my husband had the shrimp and scallops hibachi, both were awesome. I can't wait to try the other stuff on the menu.It was a nice surprise for a random pick. The portion were nice. Never ate crabs with plastic gloves and in a plastic wrap but kept the smell off my hands and had to take them off to really get down. If you're up for something different worth a shot!Super busy for the amount seating they have. But the wait is worth it. I got the comb # 6 with and extra pound of crawfish w/ crack crab sauce.Ehhhh 3 stars I wouldn't come back, frozen broccoli not really seasoned the food taste like butter. Good thing it's Byob that's the only reason it has 3 stars. I'll stick to the shake seafood! Good customer service tho! Our waitress was very nice! Loved her.I love the food... Will be back very soon. It a nice small place very cozy for a sweetie date nite with your lady & good food it is a BYOB so bring your own wine.We had two orders and on was saying it was on the way and we got a call from grub hub 2 minutes before arrival saying the driver left. Grub hub said they were behind 102 orders in and she would not wait .but we thought the food was arriving...we called grub hub and they didn't care my kids were waiting to eat and they ruined my Mother's Day...the second order came and it was the wrong order when my husband called me he driver said it's not my problem....we made several attempts to call the restaurant that continued to be busy and never got anything...this place is the worse and I will continue to post daily here and on social media so no one orders from this place...I cannot imagine how many other Mother's Day was ruined today because of this place...don't order from here period!!!!!Came here, as I usually do for most places, because the reviews were excellent. As with most things, you'll have to try it yourself to see how you really feel. And overall, I don't rate this place as highly as some others have... I was disappointed after the half-hour drive it took to get here.
We tried three things. The first of these was the crab balls with waffle fries, then the hibachi chicken and shrimp with rice, and finally the seafood rice with a variety of items in it like scallops, shrimp, crawfish, and crabmeat. Overall, most of these things failed to wow me. Probably the only thing I really enjoyed was the crab balls.
The crab balls are the closest thing you're going to get to a crab cake at this establishment, and they were pretty good. But they, along with the waffle fries they came with, on the other hand, were greasy beyond belief. If you look at the photo I included, you can see the difference in color from being so saturated with grease (and thus also not very crispy).
The hibachi chicken and shrimp was more like chicken & shrimp and broccoli with fried rice from your average local Chinese restaurant. Decent chicken, shrimp, and broccoli with rice. Nothing special. Didn't remind me of hibachi in any way, and I've had hibachi from a number of places. It's definitely different from fried rice, in some ways.
Lastly, the seafood fried rice was a bit of a rip off. The crawfish tasted god awful, and I spit one out after trying it. After that, I just took them all out. The yummy bits, like shrimp and scallops, were so scarce that I think I only counted 1 or 2 pieces of each in the rice. Overall, an okay meal, but I can't be bothered to revisit the place - nothing really wowed me.A cool place to get a big bucket of snow, blue, or king crabs, clams, oysters, etc. They steam them in a bag, and you crack them at the table. They have different sauces to choose from, and different spice levels. Very heavy on the butter...must be a pound per bag!  But, very yummy, indeed. They also have some hibachi entrees, and some Japanese appetizers like octopus balls, and edamame. Overall, a fun night, and find seafood is fresh. They do takeout, as well!This restaurant is an unusual fusion of Low country seafood boil and hibachi. My husband and I shared a combo #1, seasoned boiled shrimp and green mussels(1 lb each). It came with one of 4 sauces with varying spice levels. We had the crab sauce at the highest spice level, which wasn't too spicy. It was delish. The fish was well cooked and came with corn and potatoes . we also shared an order of waffle fries. Bring some beer to this awesome newish byob and enjoy.Really enjoyed our first visit here. Ordered takeout and brought it home. Everything was well packed and survived the ride. The yakitori was terrific, as was my crab legs and clams. Will definitely go back.I'm really happy that more seafood restaurants are opening up in the NE Philly area. Crack Crab is very similar to the Shake Seafood on cottman avenue. Except Crack Crab got more food and drink options. I love that they also offer Hibachi grill options on the menu. Choices include Hibachi chicken/beef/shrimp/scallops etc... Don't forget the fried rice and the lomein.  Drinks are Thai Tea, Cooling Peach, Cooling Pineapple, and Cooling Strawberry.  
We got the Hibachi Shrimp and Scallops, Vegetables fried rice, 1 IB of clams in garlic butter, 1 IB of snow crab in crack crab sauce, 1 Cooling Strawberry, 1 Cooling Peach, and 5 Cooling Pineapple. We loved all of the drinks, as you can see especially the Cooling Pineapple, we got 5 total lol. Everything tastes really good. Their sauces containers are bigger, that's definitely a plus.Crack crab has delicious food my whole order was perfectly cooked. Best hibachi in town and best crab ragoon. I ordered and had this order delivered to my house the wait was about half hour but the food came perfectly cooked and delicious. I recommend trying crack crab it is the bestI would definitely go back. It puts me in the mind of Hot N Juicy in DC. Although they didn't quite match the flavor, they came really close. Plus I'm pretty sure they don't use butter. They must use some type of oil substance or butter substitute. The crabs were meaty, the muscles were big. I just wish they gave more corn. I would be ok even if it was 2 halves. Other than that it was decent enough to try something else.The food was tasty and seasoned well. I appreciate that they were able to make accommodations for my large party however it is really small inside and when ordering something off the menu there is confusion because there is a language barrier.  I would go back just with a friend or two.Seafood tasty and house sauce is good. The reason for 4 stars is because the wait time for a call ahead pick up order was over 30 min when already at restaurant and called 25 min prior to arriving.The food is good! I have only ordered from this place on uber eats and it is always hot and fresh. The sausage is delicious, the fries wings are to die for! The flavors of the sauces are awesome! I cannot complain.I probably wouldn't know about this place if I didn't pass by it every day. And now, I kind of want to keep it my own little secret because it's so good, but it's only fair to let everyone know. It is located in the plaza with Nifty Fifty in NE Philly. And is easily my favorite seafood boil place in Philly now.
We ordered the waffle fries for an appetizer. It was super crispy on the outside and didn't get soggy even after we finished our seafood. I ordered a pound of shrimp ($14) with the medium hot Crack Crab Sauce. My boyfriend ordered the the same thing in mild sauce. They give a real full pound unlike some places, use the good quality shrimp and don't skimp on the sauce. 
At first I thought the sauce just tasted like oil and my boyfriend's tasted of just butter, but the trick is to dig to the bottom where all the spices settle and dip it in there. It was a real game changer for us. 
Everything came out quick. The service was attentive. I hope they don't change anything about this place. I know I'll be back soon!The food I had here was really impressive for such a small restaurant. I can't wait to return.
My boyfriend and I visited here on Labor Day weekend. I love places where you do not have to worry about parking. Crack crab is located in a strip mall right off of the boulevard. 
Although my intention was to get seafood we both ended up ordering food from the hibachi grill. I had scallop and shrimp and my boyfriend had steak. We also order two appetizers. Spring rolls and gyoza. 
All the food was really good. The dishes were delivered to the table hot and fresh and everything had great flavor. The only reason I gave 4 stars is because they don't have fountain drinks. Only can or bottle so getting refills can be expensive. I can't want to try the seafood boil when I return.Great customer service! We came on the right day where they had the buy one pound of shrimp get one pound free deal. The sweet potato fries were really crispy and good. We ordered two pounds of crawfish and two pounds of shrimp. They were really fresh and big! The only issue I had (like the others) were that I felt like I was eating oil/butter halfway through the bag. There needs to be more of the sauce (garlic) to balance out the oil. Also the medium spicy was not spicy at all but I heard from a friend that they didn't even think spicy (their highest level) was spicy. Other than that if those were improved I'd definitely give this place 5 stars!This is a solid joint for Asian Cajun style seafood. I went here with my girlfriend the other night and this place did not disappoint. The "crack crab" seasoning, which is a culmination of all the seasoning put into one, is the bomb dot com! Warning, it is heavy on the butter and garlic. The reason I didn't give perfect score was because my snow crab legs were not on par with other places and it is quite expensive. For one pound of seafood and only one cluster of snow crab legs will run you north of $31. However, the flavor was great and the other items were fantastic (ie. clams, crawfish, and shrimp). Overall verdict, if you are driving and feeling adventurous, give it a try. Solid 7.0 out of 10.So far so good . Great customer service the people was polite and different make me feel weird. To top it off the food was delicious. I've been their 3 times so far and wasn't unsatisfied yet, I definitely will be going there again.Wow! What a find. We are from Delaware and were driving home from dropping our grandmother off at the Trenton airport and we were craving seafood. We saw the menu and reviews here on Yelp and decided to take the slight detour to check it out.
We didn't initially know what to expect when we drove up to this fairly bland strip mall. We were actually worried when we saw the location. We said "Oh, this is going to be dumpy inside!" But looks were definitely deceiving, as this didn't fit the mold of the standard strip mall restaurant. It was really nice and fresh inside. One thing I need from a good seafood restaurant is for there not to be an overwhelming smell of seafood...I know that sounds crazy. But if I smell too much fishiness, it turns me off and I think the seafood must not be fresh. Thankfully, there was no smell at all and we were seated immediately in a nice booth.
We were handed menus, but we knew one thing we wanted: Buy One, Get One pound of shrimp -- a Fourth of July special that was advertised on the front door as we entered. So we settled on a pound of garlic butter mild headless shrimp with potatoes and corn and a pound of Crack Crab mild headless shrimp with potatoes and corn -- all for $17 because of the special! For all boils and seafood, you get to select your sauce and your heat preference.
Let me tell you something -- they aren't wrong about this Crack Crab sauce. IT WAS AMAZING and so addictive. Previous reviewers are correct -- be sure to mix up the butter and seasonings at the bottom of the bag to make sure you get everything. Here's what my husband and I did: We dumped the bags out onto the plates we were given, making sure to squeeze as much of the liquid deliciousness inside as possible. Then, we chucked the plastic bags in the provided garbage bucket. Next, we each would take a shrimp, suck off the delicious liquid, peel the shrimp, dunk the shrimp in more sauce, and then enjoy. Two pounds of this shrimp for $17 was quite the steal and I hope they will offer specials like this on the regular!
The real reason we chose Crack Crab, though, was that we were both craving Alaskan king crab legs. And these did not disappoint. So, first things first, they aren't cheap. It's $31 for one pound of these things. You only get two crab legs per order. Yes, it's expensive, but when you know how hard it is to catch these things an how dangerous the king crabbing profession is, then the cost doesn't seem all that much. 
We ordered two king crab boils in the Crack Crab sauce (which we were told is a mixture of their Cajun, Garlic Butter, and Lemon Pepper sauces). We got sausage with one of the orders and no sausage with the other. Like the shrimp, bag boils come with your choice of two sides: broccoli, corn, or potatoes. We again chose corn and potatoes. The corn was slightly overcooked and it was a pretty small piece, but all was good once we rolled the corn around in the Crack Crab sauce. Same with the potatoes. Pretty average upon first glance, but totally transformed in the sauce. The sausage was OK, but for $3, we probably wouldn't do it again because it was sliced a little too thin for our liking and just didn't seem to add to the overall dish.
As for the crab legs, they were divine. Succulent and meaty and sweet and perfectly cooked. They were a bit hard to open, even with the tools provided, because they are such spiky sharp beasts. However, your hard work is rewarded once you get through the shell. This is definitely the king of crabs and you can't go wrong letting the meat take a little swim in the delectable Crack Crab sauce. Definitely a must-order dish here!
We were very impressed with Crack Crab. Thanks to the shrimp special, our bill (including tax) was only $90. Not bad at all for two pounds of king crab legs and two pounds of shrimp. I stuck with water and my partner got Coke. We do have a slight issue with restaurants who sell cans of soda versus having a fountain. Fountain drinks are a must for my partner when dining out, so he was a little put off by that.
However, that and the other slight kinks were nothing compared to the overall quality and value of the food we received. Crack Crab is a bit of a hike for us in Delaware, but we will definitely be returning for more in the future. You should definitely give this new restaurant in northeast Philly a shot. It's worth it!This is a solid joint for Asian Cajun style seafood. I went here with my girlfriend the other night and this place did not disappoint. The "crack crab" seasoning, which is a culmination of all the seasoning put into one, is the bomb dot com! Warning, it is heavy on the butter and garlic. The reason I didn't give perfect score was because my snow crab legs were not on par with other places and it was not as fresh. However, flavor was great and the other items were fantastic (ie. clams, crawfish, and shrimp). Overall, if you are driving by, give it a try. Solid 7.0 out of 10.My actual rating would be more like 3 1/2 stars, but Yelp doesn't allow partial stars yet. 
SO, hankering for some seafood, my colleague and I stopped by here for lunch last week. We are frequent guests of the prestigious Five Guys burgers across the street (we like to fine dine, as you can tell), and saw Crack Crab one day on our way out. 
Walking in, it was very nice inside. A little kitschy, what with the sea theme, and nets and anchors and what not, but still what the girls would call, "cute." The plates are VERY nautical themed. We were the only patrons for a while, but it got decently busy while we were there. 
We sat down and started perusing the menu (bonus points for the free appetizer for checking in on Yelp). We went with the crab rangoons for the app (I thought they were great, my colleague, not so much....) and each got a crab boil for the main. Here's where the first issue came into play. EXPENSIVE. Its funny to remember that crabs and lobster used to be peasant food. They used to throw lobster back into the ocean when it was caught in their fishing nets, because only the poorest of the poor would eat sea bugs. NOW, that shit is like gold or pure saffron. My dining mate wanted King Crab legs, and I wanted some shrimp, but neither of us could find a suitable combo that had everything we wanted, so we decided to split the difference; he got the King Crab boil, and I got the shrimp. (a pound of each.)
His bag came out with a single cluster. A POUND of King Crab legs is a single cluster?! And that is 37 dollars?! I had ample shrimp, but even then, it felt like a lot less than a "pound of shrimp." I've eaten at other crab boil joints, and I remember having to give away shrimp to people at my table, and then STILL having shrimp left over after I was full. It was enough to fill me up, but the weight system is off here, is what I'm saying.
Knock number 2 came when the crab legs were obviously over steamed. The legs didn't crack. They were bendy and pliable, and you had to literally TEAR them to get them open. A crab leg should have a good snap to it, not feel like wet cardboard. That said, the seasonings were good, and the potatoes and corn that came with were decent. (corn was a BIT overdone, but I've come to expect that, and it was actually less than it usually is at other places.) And, they DO deck you out with bibs and gloves and what not too, so it wasn't as messy as I had anticipated. 
Id certainly recommend this place for a small group, wanting some seafood. The area is busy, there is ample parking, and the food is pretty good, all things considered. All this said, we probably won't be back. That area is almost exclusively for work lunch runs (I live in Jersey) and my lunch buddy actually preferred the crabs at Chucks Alibi to Crack Crab. And with the amount we spent, I don't think I'll be able to convince him to take another trip with me.The food here is steamed fresh after you order! It was some of the best, freshest mussels we've ever had. They were large, but not chewy at all! The shrimp can be ordered head on or off, and they were also large and very good. You also get to select from four sauces and four spice levels!
They also do hibachi-style seafood with Asian noodles and rice.
If you check in on Yelp, you get a free appetizer! 
I highly recommend this restaurant!Seafood is super good! However, it's a bit pricey, even compared to other boils in center city. The seafood is nicely seasoned and they have a good selection of choices to choose from.
Their actual food food, is okay. It's nothing special and is like normal chinese take out food.This is probably my favorite crab place right now. First time here and i loved it. The food was good and flavorful. The waitstaff service was really nice and attentive. The crab boil and the shrimp boil were delicious. I will return again.Food was quite disappointing - service needs improvement.
Came here with my family for dinner. We love seafood boils so we were really excited to try this new spot.
We ordered a bunch of appetizers and 5 bags filled with mixed seafood - shrimp, crabs, crawfish, mussels & clams. Aside from the blue crabs and oysters, nothing else tasted fresh. The seafood was bland and lacked flavor, and we couldn't even dip it in the sauce because it was wayyyy too salty.
Workers all seemed new and kind of clueless. When I called to make a reservation I saw they had a gift card promo so I asked about it and the person on the phone said I could purchase it there and use it for my dinner that night. When I arrived they said they weren't sure because their manager wasn't there. Not a big deal but consistency would've been nice. We had 3-4 different servers and they would speak in Chinese telling each other what to do as they were serving us. For some reason they served us water in plastic cups with a lid and didn't give us any straws until we asked for them. Then every time they refilled our water they would take the lid off and put it back on. Kind of awkward, inconvenient and a waste of plastic. 
They also didn't provide us any gloves/bibs although we saw that everyone else had them. My brother had to go up and ask for them.
I had really high hopes for this place based on the reviews but our experience was really disappointing, not sure if we just went on a bad night. The food wasn't terrible, but definitely doesn't live up to these 4-5 star reviews. Prices were fairly reasonable compared to other places - if anything it's cheaper.Really good!  We had the crab boil and it was so yummy!  Service was good, very nice ladies. We will be back!So we were on our way to shake seafood but as usual they were jam-packed. So I searched yelp and found this place 12 minutes away and actually closer to my house. We took a chance and drove here not knowing if it was as good, guess what it's BETTER. Let me tell you how they blew them out of the water and why. First off variety, not only do they sell the same kind of seafood in a bag with your choice of sauce there's a larger variety of food choices you can order Hibachi, Chinese and they have blue crabs just a wider range of choices. The quality of the seafood is better, it's big, juicy plump and they bring the food out really quickly which I love there's no waiting around forever. The actual sauce is better and the sausage taste better as well as far as the flavor of it. You can get 2 choices of veggies in your bag either corn, broccoli or potatoes. The corn is a larger portion than at shake. If you order the corn as a side you get two logs for Just Two Bucks. The service is top notch, they are nice and attentive as well as efficient and quick. It's clean and small inside and because everyone doesnt know about it yet, we were seated immediately so there was no wait. We were so happy that we didn't feel like waiting at the other place and took a gamble cuz now I'm sorry to say but Shake Seafood will not see me anymore, because this place is closer to my home. The  food and service is better, you don't have to stand around waiting like the Statue of Liberty. The prices are pretty much the same. Don't walk, run to this place I promise you're not going to regret it.I love love love this place! I'm from LI NY so I do love shellfish but this place has great sauces and fresh seafood, the hibachi  is also pretty good! I've been a few times already and  pleasantly surprised each time! Great crab legs, juicy huge mussels, super cute and tastyy baby clams! Shrimp is good but can easily be overcooked sometimes when in the combos!Crack Crab has never disappointed me! By far one of my favorite places. The food is always fresh and always delicious. Every time I order from them I always get snow crabs and the headless shrimp with the crack crab sauce and it's absolutely amazing. Never had a bad experience with the food I always order out. By far my favorite place in Northeast Philadelphia.This place was great. Absolutely the best crabs I ever had. Service was very good and the staff was friendlyFood was awesome!  Ordered 1lb snow crab w/ 1lb shrimp in crack crab sauce.  Sooooooo good!!! Definitely recommend.I absolutely love Crack Crab and order from them via Uber Eats often! I always order the seafood boil with the signature crack crab sauce - which is delicious!!! Food always taste fresh and arrives hot!!This place was pretty awesome, prices were reasonable. Location was great. I would recommend this place anytime.I have high expectations of boiled seafood combo and this restaurant nailed. Greater food, reasonable price, fast service. The delivery was super fast, definitely gonna revisit this restaurant.I had the seafood. OMG! Wonderful. Still no fountain drinks but I saw it was byob. Have to remember for next time.What and awesome place to enjoy some good well seasoned Fresh seafood. Did I mention fresh. Yes I must admit My first visit was on Friday 8-16-19. I was back on Monday!! 8-19-19. Now that's a definite Plus factory. Very clean and Pleasant atmosphere and the service was perfect. This will be my go to spot when I get my seafood craving. Check out the free Appetizers when you Check in on Yelp will dining in at the restaurant only!! I must say I was one happy customer.This was probably the best seafood food place I've been to in a while, very friendly employees. The entrees cooked to perfection.My order came to $116 and y'all took way to much money for delivery! I'm done . I don't think it's right to charge $45 or over for deliveryOily mess lack of flavor with the seafood bag I wasted $88 dollars on this small ass bag of seafood and undercooked potatoes. We only ate it because we did not want to waste our money. Also felt they would not want to correct the portion and flavor. We were not happy at all . They mess up one of our order, gave someone else our Hibachi food and then tried to get it back after the customer was having full conversation over the food. Then when they realize they couldn't get it back they went back and rush cook our Hibachi . When we finally received our Hibachi the scallops were cut in half ,I guess so they can cook it faster and technically we received only two scallops. The vegetables was still partially raw.  We will not return. The pictures look good but the food wasn't. To answer to your reply we ordered way before that customer who received our food they came after us.Fresh not frozen crabs. Very clean and well kept establishment. Everything was really good. I'll be back!This place was amazing- the service and food was the best I've had in a long time. I will be back- try the Combo 7 or Combo 1 with hot seasoning.  You will thank me.Have been craving the Vietnamese Cajun crawfish and ever since crabby cafe in the NE closed... I've been going going thru withdrawal! It must be the butter and sodium, Lol! ah well a once in a while treat . this place opened about a few months ago and I decided on trying here because they have fresh crawfish (always call ahead to make sure they have them fresh at any crawfish restaurant), taste is so much better. Well on first getting to the restaurant, we were apprehensive because there was only one other customer there. We decided to stay and try anyway because we were hungry. 
We ordered crab Rangoon (delish, just a little on sweet side), 3 blue crab and 2 lbs crawfish with medium hot crack sauce. It was just the two of us and we didn't want to order too much in case we didn't like it. Well no worries, the sauce was delicious! And the seafood was really fresh! Only thing is as per other reviewers, the sauce separates a lot so the oil layer is on top while the creamy seasoned layer Is on the bottom. If you dip only into the oil, you just get bland oil, you have to get to the bottom. I recommended to the owners to try to thicken the sauce since all viet Cajun places I have tried do not have this separation issue like this. Total $48. 
Crab regions were free with yelp check in! Support small businessesAwesome! SMALL spot. Low key..in a strip mall. My husband and I had 1/2 dozen Bluepoint oysters as appetizer and for dinner we had Combo plate of snow crab legs, mussels and shrimp. Shrimp and mussels were HUGE. Shrimp in shell cleaned and deveined. The crab sauce was delicious! I had medium hot my husband had mild. This is gonna be our spot! Anita and the staff were perfect.Not a huge place but have eaten there numerous times because the food is excellent. Never disappointed. Very nice employees at Grant Ave we will be back againIt was the worst seafood I ever had. Only got fried shrimp. They did not have fried clams, crab cakes, scallops, etc. And would not let me order what I wanted. Had to stick to the menu groupings when it came to fried foods. It was so bad we left our food. Cocktail sauce tasted like ketsup and my friend said tartar sauce tasted like plain Mayo. No flavor. Service was so bad when we said the sauces were flavorless he said well we don't like tartar sauce so it is hard to make something you don't like. Don't go.Ordered take out twice and both times were surprisingly good.  I hope the consistency remains .I was in PA to celebrate my daughters birthday. I stumbled upon this place. It didn't have many reviews so I was skeptical to try it,  but I'm glad that I did. The service was excellent,  the food was delicious. I had Thai tea and combo number 6 with crack crab seasoning mild. The seafood was fresh and delicious,  the tea was refreshing and on point.  They had a great selection of music playing the whole time. They sang happy birthday to my daughter.  I couldn't be happier. Good food, good vibes, great tunes, what more could you want?Came here for the first time for my brother's birthday on a Sunday morning. There was a big table celebrating a birthday as well and 2 other tables.
My sister got the boiled seafood - can't remember which one. This is the first place I've been to where the boiled seafood had Broccoli and no sausage. My brother and I both got the Hibachi - he got the shrimp and I got the shrimp and steak. The hibachi sauce was a bit too salty. We did get some appetizers as well but they didn't make much of an impression. Overall good food for an okay price. This place is very similar to other restaurants that serve boiled seafood; only difference is this place offers hibachi. None of the food wowed me. 
The service was ok. The waitress was very nice, but I felt like she should have refilled our waters more often since they weren't that busy and I'm one of those people who drink a lot of water.
I would come back if someone else wanted to come here but I likely wouldn't come back on my own.Tasty crack crab sauce. Service was fast. BYOB!! I would definitely come back again. Great prices and specials. Staff was very nice. Not crowded on a Friday around 6-6:30. Came in and was seated immediately.Great find in the northeast. Small joint so call ahead or get ready to wait during prime times.  Like any other crab spot. They offered different flavors and the crab , shrimp was solid.  
Would come back in a heart beat.  Highly recommended.My family and I enjoyed everything we ordered. Crabs with the Cajun sauce super flavorful the corn and potatoes that come with it cooked to perfection all was mmm mmm goood also had buffalo wings and fried chicken gyoza very good. If you like seafood and hibachi do your taste buds a favor go where is crackalakin! Go to Crack Crab you will be hooked!