I deducted one star because the service was not great. Our waiter wasn't friendly at all. The first question was "soup or salad ". I wanted to order appetizer and lunch special, but he assumed we were having lunch. Seaweed salad was really good. Shiomay was small but good. The sashimi was fresh. Banzai roll was great and unique. Raw salmon and white fish with avocado and fish egg wrapped in cucumber with some sweet sauce. Perfect for those who is looking for no-rice roll. Salad dressing was more like carrot purée.Zero stars for the Chicken Teriyaki Lunch Bento Box.  I have literally never seen a bento box come without rice before.  
Disappoint.The restaurant looks nice. We order two sushi rolls and one tuna tartare.  tuna tartare was ok but the other rolls were really...bad .the taste are just not right! They gave a discount coupon for us but not sure we want to go back againSurprised this place is rated so high. I love sushi. With a name like crazy sushi I was really hesitant. It's kinda like any place who has a weird name like that is a red flag but the reviews were so good I figured what the heck. The sashimi I had was a large portion, but the tuna was clearly dyed as it was so red it was nearly purple. I didn't touch the salmon. The bonsai tree roll that is wrapped in cucumber was soggy. The spicy tuna roll was stuffed with filling hardly any rice. The yellowtail roll was pure flakes and no fish. The miso was good though. Fresh and a good amount of miso. I asked for extra ginger, was on the receipt, and received none. So if you want miso check out if you know anything about sushi pass. Delivery was an hour, I was told 20 minutes. The guy on phone had me screaming my order it seemed really busy and he was super rushed. Pass on them.The worst sushi I have ever had. Huge pieces and weird rolls. Tried Bloomingdales role and the other roll that they recommend. Can't be any worse. There's potatoes or something with the roll. Weirdest event had. Strongly not recommend. Don't know how they got such a high review.This place has some of the best sushi I've had in the city, hands down. I've been on the hunt for the best sushi in philly and this one may be it. 
The service is great. Super friendly staff, great lunch specials as well. My schedule is off a lot of days so my  lunches can start late but this restaurant stays open all day which I like. Many other spots close after lunch and don't open again until 5 or 530 for dinner. 
Overall, great food, great staff, nice environment!RecommendedBrought my friend here for her birthday because it is very hard to find a place that serves sushi on a boat! This place didn't have it but I know they decorated their plates nicely so that's not bad either!
Our waitress was very nice and wished her a happy birthday once she saw the Happy Birthday balloon. She even came out with fried cheese cake with a candle and started singing happy birthday at the end!
The birthday girl had the Bloomingdale Roll $13 which was spicy tuna, spicy salmon, spicy kani, spicy yellowtail and spicy shrimp avocado with longan on top. It was good but I'm not really a fan of the pink seaweed thing. I asked the waitress if they could write "Happy Birthday" on her plate and they did. They even added a little tree and made it look like a little island!
My other friend ordered the Cancer Roll $15 which was spicy tuna, seaweed, salad, eel, masago, soft shell crab. They drew a bird on her plate! It was so cute!
I had the M16 Roll (sounds like a gun) $13 - eel tempura with spicy tuna rolled in black and red tobiko (fish eggs). It was yummy! And they decorated my plate too! I had a little tree as well.
The service here was great, the sushi was pretty good, the environment was nice and I will be back!Good food, though I felt like the portions were smaller than I was expecting for the price. I'm surprised that other Yelper's rated this two dollar signs. I also wish they'd had gluten free soy sauce. Other than that, there is really nothing to complain about and I still was able to enjoy my meal.We were visiting from LA and found Crazy Sushi on Yelp. Probably the best presentation of Sushi I have seen. We ordered sashimi, a peacock roll and unagi...delicious!This in my go to sushi place in center city. The food is always fresh and tastes good. My go to is the Kano crunch house special roll. It comes covered in spicy mayo and crunchy caviar on top. I recently discovered the ak-47 roll which comes with shrimp tempura, cream cheese, avocado, and a special soy paper on the outside. It's very good as well. For appetizer I love the rock shrimp which is covered in a sauce similar to spicy mayo and drizzled in soy sauce, it is crunchy and amazing. The California roll I would say is pretty standard compared to other places. They also offer a lunch special on weekdays!The atmosphere is very calm and clean. The waitstaff is attentive and the sushi is quite good.
The "chef's specials" rolls are creative and delivered with artistic flair. 
There was a little chaos as the orders were delivered since basically everything arrived at once (even the things called appetizers) and there were no extra plates offered so you had to kind of just eat over your little soy sauce tray. 
The only rub is that we wanted to order bento boxes for our kids and substitute the Shrimp Tempura for the Shrimp Teryaki and the waiter returned to say that this was not possible. Ok, fine. So we ordered Shrimp Tempura entrees instead. It was kind of a silly thing since the kids like the bento boxes but obviously isn't going to be a factor for most people. 
It's BYOB so bring your own beer or wine and they'll gladly bring you glasses to drink it.I went here with a friend who had a Groupon.  The sushi was horrible, full of filler breadcrums and very skimpy on fish.  They took a lot of time and care to decorate the plate with fresh orchids and I wish that they would have invested this extra money into giving us more fish in our rolls.Found it on Yelp (because you do NOT eat sushi in a new city without reading anything), and have to agree: this is solidly four stars.  The sushi is slightly overpriced (compared to the West Coast anyway) but fresher than I expected, and the presentation is really superb.Went to this place with a coworker 2 days ago...very impressed by the sushi there because they are very freshly made with good variety. They have good price for lunch special - $13 for 3 rolls and $9 for 2 rolls...however, the portion is a bit small for those non-special sushies. I will go back again for sure...Plain, bland, not good sushi restaurant.  3-4 younger Chinese boys were the sushi chefs.  None of the staff was friendly or concerned about my experience.  
I had a dragon roll which was mushy, a spider roll which wasn't soft shell crab, and a spicy tuna roll that had a bunch of sesame seeds rolled into the rice.  
Normally at a sushi restaurant I would order nigiri only but the fish in the hoshizaki refrigerator at the sushi bar looked unappetizing and not properly stored.
Will not come here again. Stay away.This place was alright! The service was friendly and timely and there were no problems with the food. I came in between the lunch and dinner service so it was pretty quiet, but still comfortable. I had no problems, but nothing made this place that special.I love this place, service is fast and I find myself there every-time I'm in center city. During lunch time they have a great lunch special, they aren't the biggest rolls I have seen but they sure are delicious. From the outside it's blends in with the rest of the buildings but it so nice on the inside. My interaction with the staff has always been pleasant and I do love the little candy in the front next to the register. My order always consist of the sandwich roll and the cooked spicy scallop roll ( I have tried other but those two are my favorite). The lunch special come with either 2 rolls of 3 rolls with your choice of salad or soup. If you are looking for a nice place to eat for cheap this would be itThis is not an authentic sushi place.  If you are going to order spicy tuna and salmon then this the places for you, else wait for dinner and head over to Double KnotTwo stars for quick service, interior decor and glittery walls. The food was really bad. The sweet potato roll was good before I bit into a piece that almost broke my tooth. There's an extreme amount of sauce on every special roll. One roll (can't remember the name of it) was slathered in something that tasted like McDonald's Sweet N Sour sauce - totally killed the roll! Another special roll was covered in an overly sweet white sauce - totally killed the roll, again.We had dinner here about 10 days ago when I visited my sister in philly.  I was very impressed with the food, presentation, decor and service.  We had A LOT of food; tempura udon, dragon roll, tempura shrimp roll, salmon sashimi, this sashimi trio, popcorn shrimp, etc.  Everything was so fresh and tasty.  My favorite was the popcorn shrimp.  Soooooo delicious!!  If only there's a restaurant like this in New York.  Great value for the money!My sushi place hunt hasn't finished yet. We tried bonsai roll, one night stand roll, volcano roll and sashimi platter. They did put a lot of effort decorating the dishes. We were very hungry so rather getting dishes as soon as we can lol 
Even though I appreciated their beautiful decoration, sushi wasn't that impressive. I did enjoy one night stand roll but bonsai roll had too much cucumber. I like thin slice of cucumber just round once or twice otherwise I can't really taste any sashimi because cucumber has pretty strong scent itself. I felt like I had big chunk of cucumber after all..the quality of sashimi was ok but nothing extra ordinary. And the bill ended up not that cheap. I think I could find this quality food with less price.Really disappointed by the quality of food and the overall experience here. The shrimp appetizer ($6) set the bar low for the evening...four scrawny shrimp were overcooked to the point of being tough and stringy, and coated with a sweet sauce in a vain attempt to dress it up. The futomaki roll was flavorless and the pickled radish was hard. Almost made me glad there were only 5 pieces in that roll! The beef teriyaki bento box ($18) sounded like a good deal, but the food arrived lukewarm to cold and lacked in flavor. 
In addition, the atmosphere inside is really off-putting. The dining space is furnished with shiny black chairs and tables and dimly lit by wall lighting that changes color. There are small tables crowded together on each side of the narrow restaurant space, so our attempts to converse were thwarted by loud customers next to us. 
PLEASE go somewhere else in the Rittenhouse area. There's a wealth of delicious food out there!Crazy sushi is a solid spot for a quick and inexpensive sushi lunch.  You can get two rolls ($8) or three rolls ($12) and a soup or salad for lunch, which is a great deal considering the quality of the ingredients. I was feeling a clean lunch when I went, so I ordered the sashimi lunch special with miso soup and a seaweed salad. My meal was quite satisfying!  The fish (salmon, tuna, and whitefish) was very fresh.  The only strange part about the experience was the presentation. There was a glowing rock and a strange plastic tree on my plate.  It did spark some conversation and laughter at least!The quality of the sushi itself is okay, but what really made Crazy Sushi stand out for me was the presentation. I had ordered three rolls and they were arranged neatly on a large platter with a fake bonzai tree! Seaweed salad was good, much better for the price than at Fuji Mountain. A nice BYO location that isn't too far from Penn's campus.I went here for lunch the other day with a buddy of mine off my recomondation via yelp of course....lol.  Anyways, it looked like it was gonna be a good find.   We pull up and it just so happens theres a parking lot about a 100 feet from the place.   So that was convenient.  We got there right at 11:30am the time they were supposed to open...There was no sign of life inside and there was 2 Asian dudes sitting at the front door waiting to get in as well.  So, I took a wild guess and asked them if they worked there, and they said YES....Lucky guess I suppose....I asked where the people were with the key and they said 5 mins away in a cab....Um okay, so 15 mins later a carload of chefs and waiters arrive and we go in....I was a little pissed, but figured no biggie, lets give this spot a try bc I saw all the great reviews and pictures on yelp.   
Well I'm glad I DID!!!!   We get inside and the place was very clean and pretty cool looking....Our waiter was very attentive especially I think bc he was 1 of the dudes outside waiting with us, lol...However, they have a GREAT menu with a lot of options...I had some eel sushi which was very good and my buddy had some assortment platter thing...Now, the best thing though was the "One night stand roll" I ordered!!!!!   IT WAS FREAKING SLAMMING!!!!!!!!!!   It had salmon and tuna wrapped around spicy, crunchy crab!!!!!    NO RICE!!!!!!   Banging!!!!!    All the food was well worth all the BS I went through up till this point.   Also, the presentation of the food when it comes out is awesome too, make sure you have ur camera!!!!  I'd definitely go back, but I'd just give them a little more time to get to work  next time.  When we left it was around 12:30pm and the place was slammed too, so that's a good sign....Just had the most horrible experience with the server CASEY last night. He was unbelievably rude. I was with a party of 10 and I swear he had something against me. I asked if he could open me and my friends wine bottles and out of no where a cork screw lands on the table right in front of  me. He literally threw a cork screw at me for me to open my own wine bottle. He then proceeds to write my order and I saw him write it down with his pen on his pad. Food comes out and I don't get my meal, everyone is eating and he said he didn't write it down wanted to know what I got and he'll put in the order now.  He then places soup in front of me and says "here this will keep you preoccupied while you wait".... Oh thanks! Everyone in my party is finished eating so I tell him to please just cancel it if the chef didn't start making it and he goes.. "ok" and walks away...not are you sure? it'll be a minute... So he brings out the food anyway and I said I'm sorry I don't want it anymore thanks though, because I'm beyond annoyed at this point and he goes well "the chef didn't even want to make it... It's on the house." WHAT THE HELL did that even mean?! I don't know how the food is because I didn't eat, but service is terrible. Especially Casey.I'm still very confused by my dining experience last night. A friend and I decided to try a new sushi place for dinner and landed on Crazy Sushi. We got to the restaurant with a bottle of wine and both of us were very hungry. We were seated at a table, given menus and the hostess opened our bottle. We chatted a bit, had some wine, and looked over the menu. The first 5 minutes we were there the waiter came over 3 times to ask if we were ready to order the menu is huge so it took us some time. We finally ordered, food came out quickly, very quickly. The server paid no attention to the fact that some of our belongings were on the table (keys, cell phones, etc) before we could move anything he placed our plates directly on top of everything. We ate, food was good not great, we split 2 rolls and a bento box, with the intention of ordering more if this was not filling enough. Before we finished eating we were brought our check, which destroyed any possibility of ordering more. We ate all the sushi and were picking at the bento box and drinking our wine when our server came over to take our check, my friend stopped him because we had not put our money in it yet and explained that we were still eating and drinking and not ready to pay. Then the waiter said "So you can't pay your bill and finish your food?" so so so rudely. We both stared at him in shock as he continued to rush us to pay him and get out of the restaurant. I have never experienced anything like it, mind you we were not even there for an hour when this occurred. We were so uncomfortable we did not finish the food or wine and just left. We won't be back, mostly because it was the weirdest, most rushed, rudest service I have ever experienced.This is one of those places that I really want to love. I've lived down the block for a few weeks now, but visited Crazy Sushi even when I was living up in UC.
To start off, the food is good. The rolls are priced fairly, and the veggie gyoza compares to the best of the same that I've had in Cali (full disclosure: I think Cali has the best Japanese food in the country). The plates are beautifully decorated, and I think the decor inside the place, bar the color changing effects, are absolutely beautiful (I'm a fan of contemporary design). In particular, the sweet potato roll and the cucumber+avocado roll are my favorites, although I'm looking forward to trying the mango one soon too.
In any case, I really want to like the place, but the constant finding of hairs (not ours) in the food during our two visits and the subsequent 'not-caring' of the wait staff has been somewhat disappointing. Further, the lack of attention to detail - not bringing over new soy sauce containers when the other one is empty, not refilling water, etc. is disappointing as well, and in all, costs Crazy Sushi 2 stars.
With that being said, the food is still good, but if they just wore hair nets or whatnot and kept things more hygienic, and improved service a tad bit, that would definitely go a long way!This is a fun place to grab sushi. The dinners are "crazy" with my friend receiving her sashimi platter with an ice sculpture and its own purple light, topped off with a tiny pink paper umbrella. The fish was fresh and the service was attentive. 
I'd come back here, but I'd also grab take out!Not quite sure why there's so many bad reviews but I thought this place was pretty good the two times I had it. I had it delivered once and the other time I ate in. The quality was pretty good and it wast tasty and cheap! I'm definitely coming back to this place.I've ordered from here a few times and eaten here once. Really don't get the hype. I'd rather have better quality sushi not served in a martini glass. The pad Thai was possibly the worst I've ever had. It had a weird spicy sauce that just wasn't good. I don't know... It wasn't like, foul, but I didn't leave the meal feeling happy. 
I will say delivery was quick and my food arrived very hot. I feel like I would maybe give them another chance... but not unless I really had to.Had a hankering for sushi on my way home for work so stopped here for takeout. Ordered the negi hamachi (yellowtail and scallion) and spicy salmon roll and they did not disappoint! The seaweed salad was a bit pricey ($6) and nothing special compared to other places where you can get it for $3-4. Overall I was pleased with the speed of the service (waited less than ten minutes) and the quality of the maki rolls. The ambiance in the restaurant is nice and I'd love to come back and eat in - seems like it's BYO and they have a lunch special.Came in for lunch and had their 3-roll lunch special for $13.  This also comes with a choice of soup or salad (I went for the salad).  I also ordered the yellowtail/scallion, eel/cucumber, and red snapper rolls.  The red snapper and yellowtail were very good, with lots of fish.  However, there was just something missing from all three rolls.  Maybe it's because I really enjoy the bigger rolls with lots of fish combinations.  But, these were good enough that I will definitely come back for dinner one night to try their specialty rolls.Place was a bit sketchy from the cheesy ambiance, but the sushi made me understand why people talk about this place.  The fish tasted fresh, and the sauces were flavorful and light. My kinda sushi. BYOB makes for a cheap, delish meal, AND the presentation was over and above! Like a sushi paradise on a plate. Literally.Very friendly waiter for our large and somewhat rowdy group.  Always love a BYOB! Sushi was very delicious.  Ordered the sushi for two for myself and one other- delicious assortment and unique presentation.Love byo's and this little addition to the neighborhood is exactly the right combo- great sushi + byob. The decor is similar to Fat Salmon, whom I love- trendy, back lit, with seating all along the wall to accommodate a large group, or just two. The service was quick and friendly. And if there was a rating for presentation, these guys get 5 stars! I expected some sashimi a la cart, arranged nicely on a plate, but what came out was a martini glass with my salmon & hamachi on a bed of ice, with a beautiful pink flower. next to it was a mushroom shaped carving from what i guess is some kind of root. and at the base of the plate where my mackerel sat was some food art from spicy mayo sauce. I know some may think this is gimmicky...(and maybe is is??) but the sashimi was fresh & tasty. and anyone who puts that much effort & care into presentation shows they care a lot about food.This place is amazing! The fish is so fresh and their rolls aren't full of rice like most places. AND they have my favorite thing, hamachi kama! So good!!Waiter was super impatient. Fish is not very fresh. Cover everything in sauce. No alcohol. Then in the middle of our meal every person in the restaurant stopped working and took over 3 tables and were slurping down food. Unprofessional. Would never go back.Wow - what a major letdown. I was on business in Philly and decided to try this place based on Yelp reviews. Either I caught them on a really bad day, or Philadelphia is not the place to get sushi. 
The 'Volcano Bowl' sounded promising - tuna tartare in a bowl of avocado. I've had tuna tartare at many different places, and this was by far the worst. Tartare is supposed to be chunky and juicy from the flavors of soy, lime juice, ginger, etc. What I received was reddish pink paste with zero flavor. 
That was my appetizer, and I knew at that point I had made a mistake coming here instead of trying a burger at Village Whiskey. But I had 2 signature rolls coming so hoped the meal could be salvaged. Nope - the Paris roll was just OK at best, and my 2nd roll (forget the name) wrapped in cucumber was barely edible. 
Next time I'm in town I'll stick to cheesesteaks.Above-average BYOB sushi place for Philly. Things that were better than expected: menus, decor, overall ambiance.  Not so great things: some of the special rolls only have 5 pieces, while the regular rolls have 8 pieces. So you are better off getting the regular rolls even though it might be tempting to try some of the more interesting ones. Just beware, they come in varying sizes, so you may want to ask about how many pieces are included in each!Unassuming outside, modern inside with consistently impressive dinner spreads. The rolls live up to the restaurant's name - I have never seen such creative and artistic displays (our four rolls were highlighted with a gorgeous butterfly drawn from various sauces on the plate and a glowing martini glass). The rolls are uniformly delicious - as would be expected from the generous dollops of house special sauce and spicy mayo. Recommend the bloomingdale, anything with eel/salmon. For a lighter fare - go with Banzai Tree roll or odessa roll (riceless). The variety on their menu will blow your mind. Great for a date or outing - a nice twist on the traditional predictable sushi.Well, hello there Crazy Sushi. thank you for fulfilling your duty as a sushi restaurant and offering me delicious, fresh and affordable meals. 
As I explore Philadelphia and use yelp for guidance, I have been let down quite a few times. Crazy sushi however was an extremely awesome surprise. Sushi is one of those things that if you do wrong, there's no fixing and it leaves reminders like "you sure you want have sushi again, it was so gross last time". 
For lunch they offer a ton of specials! From bento boxes to roll specials. You can get two rolls with a soup or salad for 8 bucks or you can get three rolls with soup or salad for 12 bucks. Do yourself the favor and get three rolls. The sushi is always extremely fresh!!! The staff is beyond nice and welcoming. 
I wish they can open a location next to me in jersey. But in the meantime I'll continue to enjoy my lunch here. Thank you, crazy sushi- I appreciate that you did not ruin sushi for me.The sushi was just ok. Nothing tastes fresh have definitely had better sushi for the same price. Service was also horrible. They brought us another couples check before we got our meal. Was just okI've been to Crazy Sushi quite a few times (most recently about a month ago with my SO), and I have to say that the quality has gone down. 
They specialize in novel rolls (hence the name), and while they might be good (I never get them so I can't say) as a sushi spot you have to do traditional rolls right as well. Unfortunately, crazy sushi does not do that. The fish isn't super fresh and the rice-fish-seaweed ratio is off. It's not worse than most other sushi spots in the city, but it's not better either.Not a huge fan. Has the lunch special (2 rolls + salad for $9). The salad is boring and plain- some of the lettuce was browning. The sushi was just ok. My biggest problem was that it all fell apart. I had he spicy shrimp roll which was drenched in sauce and just soggy from all that sauce. The philly roll was pretty good. Won't be getting pick up from here again but was worth a shot to try it.Presentation was nice...taste was mediocre...servers had no clue which roll was what...makes you wonder....Went last week for a lunch date. We ordered 6 different types of roles and two appetizers. Everything was great! The sushi was fresh and the presentation was surprising. We will defiantly be back!Crazy Sushi is by far my new favorite sushi restaurant in the Rittenhouse area! The rave reviews from other members were spot on! I went last night and received a free edamame with my yelp check in. As our main course we ordered the Odessa Roll, The AK 47 (daily special) and the Kk Roll. All of the rolls were delicious and the presentation was excellent! The overall decor the restaurant is very modern and not as dull as it may seem from the outside. The service was just ok but I'm looking past any flaws in that because the sushi was just too good! I will definitely be back!Odessa roll was awesome! Fresh fish and I don't normally eat tempura but this has been the best. Presentation gives it that extra star. Coming here for the lunch special would make it 4.6 stars.Amazing sushi! It tasted fresh and yummy! We brought our own wine and ordered a few appetizers to share but when it came to sushi we did not want to share! That's because it was delicious! Will definitely be back!This place is totally decent. I've been here once for dine-in and once for take-out. No complaints. 
What you really need to know is this: Crazy Sushi is currently offering a "two rolls for $6/three rolls for $8" opening special. Crazy sushi, crazy cheap. 
When I dined in on the first day they were in business, this special was not offered. Don't know when it will end, either. Get it while you can.Excellent, I had too try the place  at first because of the name. However, all in all it was a very nice experience. The miso soup was light and refreshing (not salty at all) the gyoza was flavorful and tender both the filling and the dough, and the ell cucumber roll was extremely fresh and the presentation, though simple was very nice. The only thing i can grievance about is that when i was done, i was still a little peckish and i was not asked if i would like anything else too complete my meal. The check was just handed to me. This place is well worth going back too again.Nothing but good things to say about this place!  Quick service, large selection of house and specialty rolls (get the fire roll!), the plate decorations are AWESOME, and prices are reasonable.  Would definitely recommend- added bonus that it's BYOB as well!It's hard to even give this place one star. I ordered a whole bunch of stuff and about halfway through eating I discovered a long dark hair weaved into a piece of sushi that was IN MY MOUTH. I immediately spit it out and got sick. I took pictures just to prove that the hair was fully immersed in the roll. Needless to say, we did not finish our meal. I called for a refund and they hung up on me not once, but twice. They only wanted to refund the $7 avocado mango roll that the hair was in. I simply explained we wanted a full refund because we were obviously not going to finish the food. So they actually sent a delivery man back here to pick up the uneaten food to MAKE SURE WE DIDN'T EAT. I've never felt so disrespected and disgusted at the same time. I will NEVER be coming back here and I've told all my friends to be wary of this garbage establishment.If it were just based on their sushi, I would give them a 5. The new york roll and eel avocado roll were fantastic! Presentation of the food was beautiful too. Service was poor, I'm not even sure who my server was, each time someone came to the table, it was a different person and not friendly. Didn't ask what we wanted to drink, and once ordered no one came by to refill our drinks or waters. The dine in atmosphere is a bit awkward too, I would take the food for to-go next time.The sushi and soups were delicious and presentation was quite superb. I highly recommend.I don't think I have ever gotten up and walked out of a restaurant before but today I did.  
It's sad because I have eaten here a number of times before and the sushi is a very good.  It is actually one of our go-to places for lunch near our office.  
Today, my group was ignored for 25 minutes.  We walked in, were seated, given water and menus.  Everyone had made their choices and we were waiting for someone to take our orders.  About 15 minutes passed and the waitress took the orders of other tables near us but never stopped by.  We had all finished our water by now and didn't even get a refill.  Finally, the waitress looked at us as she walked by and said "next!."  She then proceeded to deliver food to two other tables and take two other orders.  
We tried flagging the host down as he walked by but he looked away and hurried past.  We trying asking another waiter but before we could say anything, he *grunted* at us and walked away.  At that point, we got up and left.  
As we were leaving, another table asked us how long we had been waiting.  We told them 25 minutes and they said they were leaving right behind us for the same reason.
I understand that if the staff was short-handed or, if they were busy, that service may be slow.   That doesn't bother me.  It is being treated rudely as is if we are an inconvenience to the staff that really upsets me.
We won't be going back here.Ambiance: The slowly changing LED lights add a very vibrant touch to the atmosphere. Though the restaurant is small, it still feels cozy. The napkins (seriously) add a nice touch as well. 
Food: This is where Crazy Sushi truly shines. Each dish is almost a piece of art unto itself. The sushi is artfully laid out on the plate with the sauce plated to resemble everything from a  flower to leaves rustling in the wind. Outside of the presentation, the food itself was quite delicious as well. I had the Boston roll along with the Eel roll. Each comes with eight pieces. I  just wish the Eel roll had more eel in it...
Service: Quite nice. The waiter was prompt and friendly, always coming back to double check on us. The service was quick too, the food came out together (which was impressive considering there was about 8 of us).
Drinks: Hey its BYOB :D. Go buy some wine and enjoy!
Overall its a pretty nice place, great for a date and something I would definitely check out!I'm not one to write reviews (the only other time I've written one was when I had bugs crawling on my table and my legs at another restaurant), but the service that I received at this restaurant was not the best. The food that I had at dinner was okay (pretty good sushi for the price). What wasn't fine was the way that I was treated when I called back the next morning (I'll explain). After leaving the restaurant the night before, I realized that I had accidentally left a large amount of cash on the table (not talking about the $6 cash tip I had also left for my $27 meal) before walking out and wasn't able to go back to retrieve it because I had left the restaurant at closing time. I called them back the next day as soon as they opened up and explained to them what had happened. While a very small part of me was hoping that I'd be able to get my money back, as it was pretty obvious that I had dropped it on the table by accident (I had set aside my cash tip with my receipt, so that extra cash wad was obviously not supposed to be there), I really just wanted them to at least speak nicely to me on the phone. However, I was met with a lot of confusion/disbelief by the man that I was talking to on the phone and eventually told to "hold on." The man went on to have multiple conversations with employees at the restaurant while I was still on the phone (no, I wasn't put on hold). Eventually, he came back on the phone call and told me that he had just asked all of the servers who were there the night before if they had picked up the amount of cash I had lost, but everyone had claimed not to. I nicely told the man on the phone that I had a feeling that my server was not telling the truth and most likely pocketed the money instead of splitting the tips with the rest of the servers (as they do at Crazy Sushi), because I remembered leaving the money on the table. Again, I was met with disbelief and an accusatory tone, then told to hold again. Like last time, I wasn't put on hold, and heard him and a woman screaming back and forth at each other, presumably about me. At that point, I was 100% sure that the man either knew that my server was lying about taking the money or that the money had been split amongst the servers at the end of the night. He eventually came back on the phone to tell me that he asked the servers again (which he couldn't have done since he was yelling the whole time) and they all claimed not to have picked up the money. 
Long story short, I simply wanted someone to be nice to me on the phone, regardless of the outcome -- it would have been nice to have received a simple apology for the possibility of my server picking up the money and pocketing it, as I knew that the money was probably long gone at that point. However, I was met with a lot of disbelief and an overall unprofessional, rude, and possibly dishonest attitude.A really nice place to grab some great sushi.  We went on a Friday night, and the service was friendly and quick.  The chicken katsu was delicious, and the sushi was good too.  Definitely try the mochi ice cream if you are in the mood for dessert!They have great sushi and the presentations are one of a kind! I love taking people here and seeing their reactions when their food comes out. The displays and presentation are amazing.This place is highly worth your money, given the cost, quality, and overall atmosphere of the place. I would say that they have designed the rest to be comparable to top restaurants in Philly. It also gets plus points for being an awesome BYO! 
I went for dinner and left impeccably stuffed with a bill including tip of less than $60. The things that I thought were exceptionally delicious was their Tuna Tartare, Salmon Sashimi, and Pink Panther roll.
Get the Pink Panther roll - it is so delicious.NEVER AGAIN!  loud....over crowded space..rushed us in...slammed order on table ..wasabi fell into my bag...food was not fresh or flavorful AT ALL..person next to us gets up and bangs our table..spilling soy sauce on table...and me...now comes the rushed checked...that the cashiers/owners kept walking back and forth behind our table to get..as if we were trying to escape without paying..messed up the credit card payment...and guess what...u got no tip from us.. except for this..here's our tip....get it together...stop rushing your customers when they eat and most of all STOP rushing them to pay the check! Its not right!  The only thing right about the place is the name..CRAZY SUSHI....that place is crazy.....CRAY CRAY SUSHIPretty sure we just found our new local go-to place for Japanese food now that Numa is closed. 
Came here out of curiosity after nabbing a Groupon. The sushi was great quality, service was prompt and friendly, prices were VERY reasonable, and the variety of rolls on the menu is dizzying. 
We got ... a lot of food. Something like 6 rolls, additional sushi a la carte and soup -- and the bill (before groupon) was only $60. You cannot beat that. (That it's a BYOB helps.) 
We'll definitely be back. Likely often.Fresh food, great fish, generous portion (ordered the Royal Cruise for two - it was delicious, fresh and a lot!). Definitely a good sushi place!I have eaten in once here and have gotten delivery. Delivery has been prompt and yummy. But, I definitely perfer eating there. Their presentations are amazing! Mini umbrellas are always awsome. Service was great, I don't think my water was more than three sips in before it was refreshed.
I am kinda lame when it comes to sushi -so I can't comment on anything too "crazy". My favorite is Cali roll and sweet.potato roll. Both of them are excellent. I also like how they don't put too much rice on the roll. I want to taste the insides more!My favorite sushi place in the rittenhouse area! The sushi always tastes fresh and the service is quick. Great ambiance and decorative displays. I would recommend any sushi lover!I patronage this restaurant for three years along with bringing more black customers to this establishment, tonight we was told to get up from our table so the owner put her hands in a upwards motions so we can leave in order to seat more customers. Granted it's busy however we're being rushed!!? We paid our billed prior to her rushing us to leave. I never thought to be rushed out of my conversation and to leave this establishment after I paid for my average meal. Never again will I or any of my friends co-workers will EAT HERE AGAIN!!!I had a groupon of $20 for $40 worth of sushi so I came here and ended up ordering $80 worth of food. There weren't many people here so it was a bit quiet despite the low music. The staff was attentive, always refilling my tea, and the sushi came out individually, each accompanied with lovely sauce artwork or cool lights.
I got:
Vegetable tempura
Sakura roll (spicy salmon with shrimp and avocado outside with house special sauce)
Banzai tree roll (tuna, salmon, white fish, avocado and caviar, wrapped with cucumber on the outside. with house special sauce)
Odessa Roll (tuna, eel, masago, crunchy and spicy mayo rolled in salmon) & Ocean King Roll (lobster, cucumber, crunchy, wasabi, mayo and masago)
Special of the day - First Kiss roll (shrimp tempura, avocado, tuna, spicy salmon?)
Fried green tea ice cream
Green tea ice cream
They were all great, although over time I realized I don't prefer colder sushi, so the Banzai tree roll was the least favorite of them all.
The green ice cream was good, but was not enough. I would have preferred 2 scoops instead of one. The fried part was not like typical tempura ice cream, it was literally like fried bread. Here as well, the proportion of ice cream to bread should have been higher.I'm a regular here after trying a few others in the Rittenhouse area. The rolls here are delicious! I've only tried one that I didn't like. The price is pretty good, especially if you get their lunch time special. The staff is great and friendly. I recommend this place to friends often, and they love it!! And most of them come back on their own.Crazy sushi has been my favorite sushi spot since it opened. They have great lunch specials, 2 rolls or 3 rolls with a soup or salad. $9 and $12 respectively. The sushi is fresh and tasty and the service is reasonable and quick. 
My go to rolls are spicy crunchy tuna and the Alaskan. They have good soy sauce too - not too salty which is key. 
Everything I have had has been well made and flavorful and their prices are so reasonable you can't complain.Pretty good sushi!! LOVED the vampire bowl that is a must when you go. The tuna pizza was ehh. It's texture was a little off and it just wasn't amazing. The France roll is delicious as is the KK. Wait staff was extremely friendly so that's a huge plus! Overall pretty good sushi and would go back if we're in the area.Yes, this place was great.  When we first walked in , we were a bit apprehensive since it was 6 pm and we were the only ones in the restaurant. Oh man, were we in for a treat!  Not only was the sushi really tasty, but the presentation was excellent!  Smoking martini glass and a beautiful fish drawn on the plate in sauces.  Nice. The only weird part was that since we were the only folks in the place, all of the staff were looking at us the entire time, little creepy but since the food was awesome we overlooked it.  Definitely will come here again - bringing friends for the fancy presentationThis is a great place to get sushi for lunch. Their lunch specials put it among the best bang for your buck sushi in the immediate area. The sushi isn't earth shattering but it's definitely good enough. They can get very busy at lunchtime so go early and call in your takeout orders!So far digging my waiter he gonna get his tip!! Nori soup was very tasty.. new York roll is good..I enjoyed it!! I would eat here againSushi was pretty good- not the best I've ever had but definitely worth trying. We arrived around 4:45 on a Friday afternoon and it was pretty empty. The waiters were very attentive and came with water right away. From previous Yelp reviews we knew that the vampire bowl was a must try so we ordered 3 of those (one for each of us) and we also ordered a tuna pizza to start. The vampire bowl was OUTSTANDING. If you come here you HAVE to order it! The tuna was so fresh and not super salty which we all loved. The tuna pizza we could've skipped. It was lacking flavor and the texture of the "crust" was weird. For our rolls we ordered 1 France and 2 KKs. The rolls were nothing spectacular but they were very good! My mom loved her France roll. The KK was lacking some flavor and the sauce on top was pretty sweet. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't the best roll I've ever eaten. I would eat it again though because the tuna was super fresh, I would just ask for it without the sauce. The special roll menu is heavily dominated with rolls that have shrimp tempura so if you are a shrimp tempura fan you hit the jackpot. If not, you are limited with your options. All in all, not bad sushi at all. I would definitely come back for the vampire bowl!I am a fan of Crazy. 
I've eaten here twice and ordered from here twice. The fish is alwasy fresh. I've never had a bad experience so far. 
The service is good.
The delivery is fast (but the rolls are sometimes shifted around- to be expected). 
The inside is a nice, chill atmosphere and I like the inside of Crazy better than many of the other sushi places around town. 
The menu is HUGE. 
All of the rolls I've had thus far were good, excpet I didn't like the banzai tree roll because the cucumber on the outside made it watery and it's hard to pick up with chopsticks, stuff falls out of the roll since it's slippery. 
Sakura and KK roll were both good. The house sauce is flavorful. 
Thumbs up, I'm looking forward to trying more.Whenever I'm in town and am craving sushi for lunch this is typically the spot I head to.  Reasonably priced and the staff seem to know that people are in there for a quick lunch.  
Having been there a few times the presentation of all specialty rolls I've had have always been great and very tasty, I haven't been disappointed with any roll there so far.  My most recent visit I ordered the Devil roll.  It's a nice mix of the squid and crunch on the inside and tuna on the outside.Delicious food with great presentation! 
I had their Spicy Dancing Kani Roll and their Ocean King roll. I highly recommend any sushi lover to come and have a bite at this restaurant!You'll be mad you paid above average price for those spicy tuna rolls, then you'll be in sweet sweet glory.