The waiter at the Crow & Pitcher seemed new and tried hard; however he lacked confidence. He did pour my friend and I a healthy glass of Brut when we wanted to share. We gave him a nice tip for that. He also mistakenly charged us for 2 beers when only 1 was served. The food was bad. The roasted tomato salad was decent but miniscule. The onion soup was tasteless. The ratatouille was OK but nothing special. We waited 30+ minutes for appetizers. Entree took 1 hr & 15 min+.  The steak wasn't hot, tasted like roast beef with an almost shredded texture. The quill was not really juicy although not dry & again not hot. The veggies were decent but again not hot. We had to ask for bread.  They gave hardly any bread & it was sliced paper thin.My companions liked their apple cake & fresh fruit. I've never return to this restaurant... not a big deal.Really disappointed. I wanted to like this place. Went for brunch a few weeks ago. Service was poor and you couldn't even taste the truffles. The size of my entree was tiny too. It was also pretty warm inside. I'll give this place another chance since they just opened and have so much potential, but I wasn't impressed on my first visit.YUM! Come here! I came with a group of 10 for brunch, and they were so accommodating. Everything was really tasty! Loved the fries, white bean dip, as well as the eggs (with asparagus and lemon). I would probably get a different entree next time is I came back but overall great vibes!Solid mussels
Very good chicken/mushroom hash
Good beer list
Very good service
Will returnI've been to Crow and the Pitcher on two occasions - once for drinks at the bar and once for dinner with some girl friends. I really love the location and the decor, but both times I went the restaurant was weirdly empty. Three of my friends don't eat red meat, so for dinner we ordered the fries and dips, the deviled eggs, the cauliflower, the honey roasted mushrooms, and the white bean dip with crostini. My favorite was probably the mushrooms, which were sweet and tender, followed by the fries and the dip. The white bean dip was more of a paste than a dip and not too flavorful. The bar has good drinks, though, and a really awesome bartender. I suggest ordering the diablo! Oh, and their flourless chocolate cake is great too!We went for dinner Sunday night.  My boyfriend and I arrived early so decided to grab a drink at the bar.  It took a good 10 minutes to get our drink order because the bartender he was chatting with other customers.  Once we got seated the service wasn't much better.  The waiter explained they still had their pre-fixed Valentines Day menu but we could order a la cart.  The a la cart options were confusing.  Wine and cheese tray were the highlights.  Vibe was hipster and empty.Great food and atmosphere. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The chef was very professional and the food was delicious. The scallops were absolutely delicious and melted in your mouth like butter. I would say that the chef is one of the best in the city.Still trying to figure this place out after having been a few times. The food is solid but the menu is a bit disparate and the cocktails are interesting, but hit or miss in terms of the flavor. A great location though, and if nothing else, a fun place to people watch.Quite possibly one of the best brunch meals I've ever had. Started the meal off with the deviled eggs with Picante seasoning which was delicious and not too mayo based. For our main meal we had one of the steak and eggs and one of the mushroom omelette. Both were amazing dishes that were complimented by some great fingerling potatoes. They also do some really creative brunch drinks.. (Try the Juice Diet !!! You won't be disappointed)
Next time I gotta order the poached eggs with asparagus served with table side shaved truffles !!!!Great service, drinks and atmosphere. The butternut tortellini was delish. The fries and dipping sauces were awesome. Got some kind of honey mushrooms app was fabulous. Will be backExcellent cocktails, very knowledgeable staff, and the food is awesome. The cheese is a must-try. Will definitely return next time we visit philly.So I've been here about 10 or so times all of which have been great, and I always go because of the best bartender in the business Shane and also the beer and beer battered pickles are phenomenal (although I liked them better with dill rather than the other garnishes), but the garlic mayo is a perfect compliment! They need to change their menu though and/or follow it, last burger I had had some veggies that were soft and gummy so that after biting through the delicious burger I was stuck chewing on this UV (unidentified vegetable), but after I took them off I really enjoyed the burger, and they really need to organize the cheeses so I could know what they had, I feel it'd be more popular if were more accessible, but It's always has nice people to chat with and I feel a lot of industry people go there on several occasions I've hung with Chef Perrier there. But it is a great spot for a good time. Definitely worth going to!The food was amazing, the service impeccable. Such a shame the name has been sullied by one despicable employee, but still a top notch dining experienceGreat ambience - chic while still casual and friendly.  The food was exquisite and the staff was fun.  We started with three cheeses, chosen while in discussion with a cheese monger.  For an entree I had the duck, which I highly suggest.  The portions were a good size and while this restaurant was expensive, it was worth it.Tonight was the first time that we visited The Crow and Pitcher. Upon arriving, we were warmly greeted by both the bartender and wait staff: it felt as if we were regulars, rather than first time patrons. Adam, the bartender, is amazing at his craft. Each cocktail that he created (all off the menu), was perfectly balanced and complex: every sip leaving my you wanting more.  The pomme frites were amazing- crisp, and covered in this amazingly rich house-made artisanal cheese sauce.  Dave, the cheese guy, brought over the cheese cart and hypnotized us with his immense knowledge of cheese. The pairings that he provided us were spot on and accentuated the flavor of each cheese. Overall, the warmth of the staff at this establishment exceeded expectations and are worth the return.Cheeseburger is great. Well composed and a generous portion of fries. The ambiance is chill, casual yet sophisticated. I would totally recommend this restaurant for a night out.Cocktail selection is always on point - if you don't see something you like they never have a problem mixing up something special 
Bartenders and staff are extremely friendly and knowledgeable 
Only eaten tried the two burgers and some finger foods thus far but I'll definitely be back!Small but cute space.
They have a good cheese selection and the craft cocktails are tasty.
Their house salad, deviled eggs, and 1/2 pound burger don't disappoint.
They also host mini events that tend to be cute but can be loud if you're not part of the party and trying to get together with a couple friends or a date.Was able to find seating easily at 7 PM on a Friday night, which is rare in Rittenhouse. I would say the cocktails were the best part of the experience. Had the Ratatouille and cheese samplings, which went quite well together.omgomgomgomg the cauliflower appetizer alone is worth the trip! Unbelievable. I got strong-armed into ordering it (from a guy at the bar) but was SO happy I did - salty, savory, firm ... mmmmm
I was less impressed with the oxtail ragu cavateli ... the presentation looked like barf on the plate. The taste was exactly as expected; good but nothing mind-blowing.
The bartenders were friendly and just the right level of chatty. Great vibe from the people inside; lots of regulars which must be a good sign.
There were about 5 other things on the menu I really want to try, so I'll definitely be back!I went there for drinks on a date, and it was AWESOME!! They had the best beer, a Scottish ale. They also had a CHEESEMONGER who described their cheese selection to us. We had the Scottish blue cheese (which was the best cheese I've had in a long time) and a French cheese. It came with raspberries, figs, and TRUFFLE HONEY. So freaking good. Not that expensive either. Will definitely be going back.Went for restaurant week, I had the mussels, steak entree, and beignets, the wife had the fricassee salad, scallop entree, and beignets. We also imbibed with a few 'Salesmans' and 'No7'. The drinks were a good mix of taste and strength. I'm not a fan of mussels but always willing to give them a try to see if I can change my mind and update my palate. These mussels went a long way in doing just that. The mussels were smooth and very flavorful and not the rubbery texture that I've had previously at other restaurant. The sauce was very good and the accompanying bread was perfectly toasted with cheese and fit well with the sauce. Scallops maybe my favorite seafood and its very hard to find a restaurant that cooks it properly, even at the finest restaurants. Restaurants tend to under cook scallops in fear of overcooking them and having it turn in a rubber cylinder. But under cook scallops are not tender and tend to stick in your teeth and I'm a fan of sending them back and requesting something else. These scallops pass the fork test with flying colors and I sent my compliments to the chef. The steak was well cooked and flavorful and paired very will with the fingerling potatoes. 
We ended with a cheese plate which I also never do but this experience will change my stance. With 4 or 5 cheese options and a few spreads this was a great way to cap off a meal. I also added a few cheeses to my rotation as well.     
I will be going back for the burger and more cocktails.Had a really wonderful meal here last night.  The atmosphere is lovely but cozy, and the service is warm.  The owner, Mike, is delightful and very willing to want to get to know his customers and welcome them back.  We began sharing the cauliflower with hazelnuts and mascarpone which was just stunning, the hazelnuts adding a spectacular texture.  The mussels were amazing served with an herbed bread, and we all ordered the chilled poached lobster with a guacomole type spread.  Everything tasted so fresh, and the flavors were so bright.  There is a cheese trolley that apparently comes straight from Le Bec Fin complete with Georges Perrier's initials.  We ordered three cheeses which were so brilliant.  We live in the neighborhood and will be anxious to make this one of our regular spots.Sat outside here on a beautiful evening expecting a enjoyable dinner and nice glass of wine or two. 
Menu is very limited. I wanted a few small dishes and there was not much to find. I ordered the only salad on the menu and it was pretty good, maybe a bit salty. The deviled egg on the plate was mediocre and looked like it had been sitting out awhile. 
The worst part was the service. Long wait for menu and initial beverage. The pour for my glass of wine was terrible. It was a by hand pour from the bottle at the table and the wait staff added a bit more at the end because I think she realized it was not much of a pour. Service for food and paying the check was interminable. 
Unfortunately after having high expectations, I will not return to this place.This is a great wine bar with a limited menu... The cheese cart is incredible - YES cart, not tray... a piece of culinary history coming from the old Le Bec Fin. If you are an amateur of cheese, try the Epoisse.
We also had Salade Lyonnaise, Rillettes with mustard and Moules Poulettes prepared with the best sauce I had in years... AND we sampled mussels many times during a trip in Belgium and Brittany this summer.
I kept the best for the end: The service that the manager gives to his guests. This is not surprising as a past manager at Le Bec Fin and Per Se in New York.Went in on Sunday not knowing that their brunch menu only had 6 items.  It was very difficult to accommodate our one guests who is gluten-free AND vegan, although they tried. She ended up getting some vegetable concoction made up by the kitchen--there wasn't even a salad option in the 6 menu items.  Among the rest of us, we had mussels frittes (small mussels, small portion), the brunch burger (meat and bread smothered in maple syrup), chicken confit hash (no chicken, small crock of potatoes), and a side of sliced strawberries for the baby.  Food was not impressive, and for $80 for brunch with no cocktails, I'm not willing to find out what C&P has is store for dinner.We only had drinks here, but had such a great time and would have liked to stay longer! We were there late on a Saturday afternoon, at what seemed like an odd time before dinner, but there were several other tables/groups there too.
Everyone working there was attentive and friendly. I dug the cozy atmosphere. Food looked great and I wanted an appetizer, but decided we better not, since we were heading to a previously scheduled dinner soon after. 
Bartender Nick was amazingly welcoming. The cocktails were tasty & creative, and there were a few good beers on tap too. We even ended up meeting the owner, Michael, who was friendly and around as well. Would definitely go back and try the food /cheese next time!Feel lucky we found this place.  The waiter said they've only been open 3 or 4 months....It's a tiny place, with great service.  Very limited menu, but that's OK.  Easier to make my mind up.  
Hubs had Lancaster County chicken--it was great.  Tender, juicy (which is sooooo hard to get at restaurants, and crispy skin!)....not fried, just crispy.  God, it was good.  I had the appetizer of PEI mussels as my entree.  They were very good.  
Oh yeah--the deviled eggs--I'm a sucker for these things--were great.  They had some kind of super chopped up sausage or something in them, really made them stand out.  Who said they have to be good for you???
Really wanted to do the cheese cart--it looked way cool + good, but we had already done the cheese thing earlier at Vintage.....
Liked the waiter, liked the place, the prices were reasonable, and that chicken........oh my. Another place I'd call my own if I lived here.....I try to give everything a second chance...so here I go again!
My date and I shared the white bean hummus which was excellent. I decided to give their burger another try; my date ordered the veggie burger. I ate every last bite of mine - juicy, delicious and packed with flavor. My side salad was mistakenly substituted as an order of fries, but I didn't have the heart to send back a complimentary meal, so I dealt with the extra calories (their fries are great, anyway). My date's veggie burger wasn't bad at all, but just wasn't exciting either - we both agreed the "real" burger was clearly the better choice (but isn't it always)? 
To compliment our meal, we ordered from the cocktail list (or asked the bartender, Nick to make us something else entirely): 
My Drinks: Old Fashioned - great; Manhatten - great; Nick's Boulevardier - incredible
My Date's Drinks: "Crow and the Tonic" - great; "The Juice Diet" - odd, but refreshing
We were approached with the cheese cart after we had finished dinner, which was a bit curious...but we were informed that European diners enjoy their cheese after their meal. That being said, we were too full - so much so that we passed on dessert as well.
All in all, this place turned out to be pretty good. Their menu is a bit small, and attention to detail (side salad vs. fries) could still use a little work, but I can say that the ambiance and quality of food is is satisfying enough to put this restaurant back on my list of suitable date spots in Rittenhouse. I still can't vouch for their happy hour, but I can say that my experience this time around will definitely have me going back again for dinner!
Thank you, Michael and Nick!The bartender on Thursday night was extremely deceptive. Shots were watered down and drink prices had arbitrary "taxes" added onto them far above what the actual amounts were. I think he thought our party wouldn't notice but we left after two rounds. Don't think I'll ever come back.The menu looks delicious but, even with the addition of some George Perrier consulting, just doesn't live up to what it promises. For instance, the escargot starter: snails in a hazelnut-Chartreuse-champagne butter. Per my server, supposed to be the genuine original Le Bec-Fin recipe. I've had these little slithers several times, and this ain't the original recipe. More butter than anything else, barely any flavor of garlic or liqueur, and woefully under-salted. (Although this did let me discover that when you ask for salt, they hand you a very cute box of multiple different salt colors that you can play with.) Cocktails were similarly just light on the unique or interesting flavors. Neither of mine was bad, just not the sort of drink that raises your eyebrows on the first sip. 
The one exception is what others have noted: the cheese. The cheesemonger was theatrical and amusing, the cheeses both accessible to a novice and interesting to an experienced cheese-chomper, and the accompaniments sweet without being overpowering. If I came back, I'd do the cheese and wine option and skip the rest of the menu.Love this bar!  It has a fun but sophisticated vibe and a delicious cocktail menu. Select craft and other beers and a nice wine list.  Wonderful cheese selection from the famous, stunning cheese cart.  This is a great place for a date or a night out with friends- the low noise level is great for conversation but the atmosphere is still energetic.Having eaten here and take away, several times, both before and after the "kitchen shakeup," I can say I do not need to eat here again. Cocktails? Yes, please! Especially because they got rid of an icky bartender. Which is great, because it's a really fantastic program. Like cocktail geek stuff. Which, at least to me, is super fun. And then there's the geek level cheese cart from Le Bec Fin. True Philadelphia history.  
The food? Yeah, not so much. Wildly inconsistent. Once, we got a well well well done hockey puck hamburger - while GP was sitting at the bar. Really? It's just not worth it. Stick with liquids and cheese. And try not to take it personally that you'll probably be ignored by a staff that can be a little too cool for school.I stopped in here on a rainy Saturday afternoon and it was the perfect spot for a hideout! Their Bloody Marys are out of this world (bacon? yes please!) and the omelette I ordered was exceptional. The bartender was mixing up some intriguing green kale cocktails- I will definitely be making a return to try one of those.Loved it. Was there last night with 5 couples.   Attentive service and very satisfying meal. Tap wasn't chilled (refrig problem) so we drank micro brew cans which was the only downside.Horrible experience, but I will give them another try.  I came with a friend of mine for dinner to catch up.  We chose to sit outside, because the weather was great and they have about 3 outside tables for 2 in front of the restaurant.  I rarely give 1 star to a place, but everything went wrong on our visit.  Our waiter spent every 10 minutes going into the alley for a smoke, but was not attentive to our table.  He didn't know much of anything about the details of the menu or the wine list and I don't believe he wrote down our order correctly.  We started with a glass of the house white, and it was terrible and sweet.  We told the waiter and he tried to tell us that we didn't know anything about wine.  I'm not an expert for sure, but when we asked if the wine was sweet before ordering and he tells us "not particularly" but what shows up is comparable to a dry riesling I am not going to be pleased.  We decided since we were ordering meat for our entrees maybe we'd try some red.  This time, we asked to have a taste before ordering a glass.  There was a Malbec mixed red option (Malbec is my favorite wine) and another red.  They were both terrible.  Again, I'm not a wine expert, but their wine list only has about 5 options, and I didn't like the 3 I tried, so I might pass on wine with dinner here.
My friend ordered the cheeseburger with fries and asked to add bacon.  I ordered the steak with a potato and zuchini au gratin.  My friend said his cheeseburger was delicious.  I tasted his fries and they were definitely great.  Sadly, I ordered my steak medium rare and it came out just well done.  There was not a sight of pink anywhere on my plate.  I hate sending dishes back, but I don't like steak well done, so I sent it back.  It took me almost 10 minutes to get the waiter back to the table after he dropped off the food to tell him that the steak was overdone and to take it back.  The manager came out and apologized, she said she showed the chef the steak and he was making a new one for me right away.  
The second steak came out and it was medium well, teetering on the edge of well again.  I was hungry at this point, and not about to send another steak back though.  This is another point of bad service though.  If a customer sends back a steak I think the waiter should wait at the table for the customer to take the first cut of steak when their 2nd order comes back out.  Our waited just dropped off the steak and went for another smoke.  So I didn't even bother to send it back, and wasn't going to say anything, but just give them a 1 star review.  
My friend, however asked the waiter to see the manager, we noticed that he didn't relay the message, so we asked him a second time.  She came out and my friend pointed out that the steak was still medium well, and I was extremely disappointed in my meal.  She apologized profusely and asked if we liked cheese.  I said no, so she said she would bring me a special fruit plate and a cheese plate for my friend on the house.  In all honesty, given the poor service and the poor food and drink, I still would never have come back.  However, we got the bill and the manager had not only taken off my steak, and given us dessert for free, but she also took off my steak.  Our $84 bill was now only about $25.  
So, having seen all of the other great reviews and because of the manager's actions I am hoping that they just had a bad day the night I came in and the manager knew it.  I'll give them the 2 stars, instead of just one.  And if I get a chance while in Philly I might even stop by and give them another try.  Such a shame, I had heard such great things about a new restaurant in the area.M-m-m-my cheese bad. My cheese hood. My cheese... rolls up on the former Le Bec Fin cheese cart and puts all other Philly cheese options to shame. Which is what Luda would have rapped about had he taken a visit to Crow and the Pitcher
As a Philly transplant, I've only heard tales of the glory days of Le Bec Fin, so when that beautiful, little cart filled with decadent Di Bruno Brothers fromage approached me, I'm pretty sure I miraculously became pregnant.
So obviously the cheesemongered Le Bec Fin cheese cart is a must order (in cheese quantities of 1, 3, 5 or 10), but don't stop there. Other food brilliance is in store for you. 
The cauliflower is a must. I felt like I was in a scene from Goldilocks and the Three Bears: The Vegetable Edition where I was lucky enough to be at a restaurant where the cauliflower was not too soggy and not too crunchy, but juuuuuuuust right. And the mascarpone topping? You're gonna want to lick you're plate clean.
The Cavatelli on the menu was like a caprese salad in fresh pasta form. Delicious.
The Deviled Eggs are also a winner, but be warned. Only three are served, which feels like an odd number of items on snack dish. Our group of four had to arm wrestle over who had to split one.
Other honorable mentions go out to the Asparagus, Pan-Roasted Lancaster Chicken and the Mushrooms (which I only include because my dining companions raved about them. I, for one, think mushrooms are like gross little earth boogers).
The only dish we ordered that I wouldn't get again: The Roast Pork Sandwich. The pork was kind of dry and it was a bit cumbersome to eat. I'd stick with getting your Roast Pork at one of Philly's several amazing hoagie shops and save yourself a few bucks.
So on that note, stop reading, go to Crow and the Pitcher and help spread the "Word of Mouf." It's what Luda would want you to do.First visit here and it was the kick-off to Restaurant Week so we did not partake of the regular menu. However, the food was quite good. A few of the options: celeriac soup,  salt cod w/ poached egg, leg of lamb (with a yummy side of brussels sprouts and potatoes), butternut squash tortellini, & a silky, vanilla-bomb creme brulee.  They have an interesting cocktail list (I had their version of a Manhattan) and while not an extensive wine by the glass menu, they have a nice selection from which to choose. 
But the most fun was, of course, the rolling cheese cart, which is the cheese cart from Le Bec Fin - and looks like a iron lung. Dave the fun & knowledgeable cheese monger, reviewed every cheese on that cart in detail with history.  We choose three cheeses and they were accompanied with bread and various condiments like pesto, blackberry preserves and honey that complemented the cheese perfectly. I would go back just for the drinks and cheese.  
Service was professional.  Caveat:  LOUD.  But then again, there was a lively party of 12 seated adjacent to us and there was live music / playoff game showing at the bar. 
All-in all, a nice addition to the Rittenhouse Square restaurant scene.Came for drinks with friends, and stayed for dinner after hearing the specials for the night.
The bartender was a jovial, knowledgable, and available. He took time to explain the various apertifs and special ingredients used in each drink. He mentioned the specials to our group, including an arctic char dish that sounded fantastic.  We stayed.
The cheese guy came through like a wrecking ball. He was knowledgable and kinda funny, explaining things to make it cheasy to make the right choice.
The food was outstanding, and priced reasonably. The vibe was chill, classy enough for a date, but okay to come with a couple buddies.
Check it out.Great cocktails, fantastic food, and excellent service.  I highly recommend the C and the P for a light bite and drinks or the full dinner experience.  Note this is not white table cloth dining but it is high quality experience in a quaint atmosphere at a reasonable price.  Enjoy.Dinner last night.  Food was disappointing and dreadful.  Nose level unacceptably high.  Service not at all attentive.  Two of us had chicken, one had the tripe (dreadful) and one had the burger. This restaurant is quite small which contributes to the unacceptably high noise level.  There was no salad or fish on the menu.  I have rarely been so disappointed in a meal.  We had out of town guests who live at the shore where there are very few quality restaurants.  We had hoped to offer them a really marvelous meal.  Crow and the Pitcher has a long way to go.Solid neighborhood spot!  We walked by here a bunch of times- it's easy to miss.  The menu is short, and the ambiance is charming- small narrow space with exposed brick. I had the burger and added the egg and bacon- didn't hold anything back.  It had great flavor and was HUGE- gastropub style- and it comes with fries. The bartender said I gave it a good effort, but there were still a few bites left.  My husband had the coq a vin, which he LOVED.  If only I could cook like Julia Child.  He soaked up every last drop of sauce.  We also shared a delicious brown ale (tasted more like a porter)- bartender's recommendation.  Solid meal and evening!Very foodie-friendly menu with an eclectic selection of dishes.
The Deviled eggs has a light and well seasoned mousse like filling.  
The fried pickles were the only disappointing dish, and only because the beer batter was too sweet for the pickle inside, a normal breaded option would have been better paired.
Butternut Squash tortellini was served in a brown butter sage sauce and perfectly prepared.
Drink service is somewhat slow, chalking that up to issues of it being a newer place.  Midweek it was empty inside, no issues with just walking in and sitting down.We went to check it out and it was a mixed bag.
We were sitting outside and the waiter was literally clueless. He didn't know how the kitchen was cooking their meat. drinks where very small. 
The charcuterie plate was simple and not great, (way below Parc's plate in case you are familiar with them)
The rib eye was too thinly cut and not great (and slightly overcooked but that could have been a byproduct of the waiter not understanding.
My date had the chilled avocado and lobster which was ok but a smallish portion
The cheese curator was good but the cuts of cheese where very small. presentation was good.Im seeing a lot of reviews here that stay the staff here can be a bit snooty. Our experience was just the opposite. We almost wanted to give the bartender our number to hang out. I was looking for a cool bar to stop at before our dinner reservation and I saw this place does a cocktail with Kale Juice and Tequila which are two of my boys favorite things. Drinks were amazing, we also tried the deviled eggs which were great too. 
Worth a stop in for sure.Get the burger, it's perfectly cooked every time and the fried picklesCame here for brunch because it's byob (sans corkage fee) on Sundays. Great location by Rittenhouse Park. Not so much selection on the brunch menu and the portion was a bit small for the price. However, they do take reservations which is a plus and heard their cocktails are great. Would like to come back for cocktails.Went to brunch on a Saturday and there were only two other tables eating but service was still pretty poor and slow. When we got our drinks the coffee wasn't even fully filled and there was lipstick on the coffee mug. My fiancé ordered a Bloody Mary $10, which was tasty and the presentation was nice. We were excited for our food ( I ordered the chicken confit hash $12 and he ordered the funnel cake French toast $9) but my dish was super oily, the sunny side up eggs on top were totally overcooked, there was barely any chicken and the chicken was so tough, like jerky. The French toast tasted great for the first few bites but then we realized it was pretty oily and sickeningly sweet. The presentation of the dishes was great but in the end the food and service were a disappointment especially for the price.  I wouldn't recommend this place for brunch. I've never had lunch or dinner here but I probably won't be trying it out to find out if it's any better.My friend and I went to Crow and the Pitcher for happy hour one evening after work.  Together, we had 5 drinks and a couple of happy hour appetizers (I had the flatbread pizza, which was AWFUL, and my friend had fries, which were ok).  We ran a cash tab.  Because it seemed that we paid more than we expected, I asked for a detailed tab.  In response to my request, I received three tabs, which included 7 drinks.  When I pointed out the error, the bartender, refunded us for two drinks, but said that he was "just doing it to be nice" and that he wouldn't really know whether we were due a refund until the end of the night.  Personally, I don't think being overcharged is "nice."  In summary, the food was poor, and we were overcharged for the drinks.  I was really hoping to like this place because it is in my neighborhood, but I will not be back.Great drinks, and a pretty decent selection of craft beers (which is important to me)! Food looked amazing but I didn't try it. 
One issue that turned me off from this bar was the bartender. Pretty aggressive and hopping into everyone of me and my friends conversations. Usually i'm OK with friendly chats with the bartender. I've worked in the restaurant business, friendly chat's with the customers really helps the day! But this dude was not pleasant to have a conversation with. Hopefully he was just having a bad day and is more pleasant with others!We recently went here for brunch (which is new for them). We checked in on Yelp and received a free drink. We both ordered Mimosas and they were fantastic. The food was wonderful, and the portion sizes were huge. I ordered the breakfast burger, and could only eat half. Great spot.Came here on a Sunday around 3pm. The place was pretty empty. Figured it would be a little more busy for Sunday brunch. 
Great ambiance. Big windows open to the street. Cool restaurant in general. 
The cheese and beer were amazing! Great display as well, with bread and spreads/jams to pair with each. 
The downfall was the service. All we got was the 4 cheese and 4 beer flute order and it took about a half hour to come out. There were only about two other tables occupied in the restuarant. And a few of the other tables still hadn't been cleared from the previous parties. 
I would maybe come back during a prime brunch or dinner hour to see how the service is.Sunday late afternoon..  Nice set up if you sit in the front.  Great drinks and the expensive cheese tasting was a very good selection of amazing cheeses with appropriate accompaniments. Burger was  high quality but came out of the kitchen barely warm.  Fries too were barely warm and were also  soggy.  A request  to a waiter,  (I had to get up and find him) brought the requested  hot fries to the table and they were fresh and tasty.  Trouble was the place was understaffed.  Might go again.  A bit pricey but worth it because of the quality of food  which is why I am giving it 3 stars.  Should have been better.Had the fried pickles (actual pickles!! Not just baby slices!!) and ny steak. Both amazing! Accompanied by an Outlaw IPA. Such a good meal and great ambiance, definitely would recommend this spot!Came here with my girlfriend for brunch.  We were starving and im a huge brunch person.  Considering the location ai was excited to check out something new.  Unfortunately We were very disappointed.  Our waitress was very nice but she was the only employee in the entire place.  She was the bartender and the waitress.  It took a while for her to take our order, bring our drink and for us to get our food. Not her fault! Management fault.  I ordered a sausage egg and cheese sandwich.. Pretty simple. It was pretty bad! I basically got an 8oz sausage patty , with egg on top. Very bad greasy disgusting combination. I expected egg with some sausage. I dont even know what my gf ordered but it was a lot a of bread with some ham or something. She hated it.  We left pretty disappointed. I hope they fix these issues or they will be another bad restaurant statistic.Go for the cheese! Dave their "cheese guy" was very knowledgeable and his picks for us were liked by all.Tried the house infused vodka which was refreshing and delicious on a slightly muggy night.  The fried pickles were delicious but couldn't finish them, of course over ordered, because also shared the grilled asparagus app.  So delicious with the brioche and egg.  Got the chicken for my entree and it was delicious every bite was great.  Will def check it out again. The wait staff was very attentive and informative .This is a nice cool little rustic place for a drink and some beers.  Beer selection was good.  Bartenders are just what you need them to be, friendly, helpful, very good and not all over you.  
Had some marinated olives from their menu for a snack,  they were delish.  
The patrons were anywhere from young 20's and 30's grabbing a bite al fresco, to couples having a drink before dinner somewhere else, or some cool 50's women having a night out.Went for restaurant week with a group of 6.
I think if I was rating on just service it would be 5 stars. Some of our party got there late and we kept switching the party size but our waiter was super nice and accommodating. One thing was we wish he told us about the happy hour specials while we were waiting for the rest of our party to arrive to order from the restaurant week menu.
With that said the dishes on the menu sounded super cool: corn soup with Hudson valley fois grois, veal cheeks, braided rabbit, espresso creme de pot...everything was so ridiculously salty. All of us agreed and we were downing waters like crazy.
Maybe we just went on an off day so with benefit of the doubt I would be willing to give this place another try.If I had one complaint about Crow and the Pitcher, and I don't since I found parking right in front of its doors, it would be the parking situation. But that's a center city problem. I had dinner with my former professor last night in celebration of my new job. The restaurant is small and cozy and would be a great date night spot or place to escape for a quiet drink or bite. I highly recommend the $11 cocktail, "the go getter." Check-in on Yelp and the cocktail is free with purchase. She and I ordered cheeseburgers. We did not try the cheese but yes they have a cheese cart as other reviewers mentioned. Let's just say the cheeseburger here is an elevated cheeseburger at $18 with bone marrow and it was delicious and perfectly cooked. The fries were really good but would've been better if they were hot; mine came out lukewarm. From the time we walked in, service was attentive and friendly. There are three cool basement restrooms with chalkboards in them (this is cool, it only sounds strange lol). There's also a private dining area down there. If I'm in center city (and I'm bound to be) I'll definitely check out Crow and the Pitcher. This place is new and definitely worth a visit. It would also be an awesome venue for any small gathering or private dining experience.Sadly disappointed in my dinner here. I came here for drinks before, and enjoyed my short time for one round of cocktails. So I couldn't wait to come back and try more.  Well, I did, and was underwhelmed.  The drinks were still good, but the food was just average for the price and steep competition from other better restaurants around. 
Deviled eggs were good, probably the best part of the meal.  $5 for 3.  The brussel sprouts were pretty good too. The chopped salad with fennel and apples were good but the dressing was too heavy.  The chicken confit dinner was good, but nothing special. I had high hopes for the venison dinner with sweet potato tortellini, but the portion size of the dish was tiny for $30, and there were only 2 pitiful small tortillinis on the dish.  The venison itself was cooked perfectly, although a small portion.  
So overall, average.  Great cocktails, cute atmosphere, pretty slow service, decent food, but overpriced for the portion size.  I'd come back for drinks but ill find somewhere else for dinner next time.Love this place. Tasteful ambiance, knowledgable bartenders, not too crowded and interesting cocktails. Always good music playing and lighting is just right. Love that Georges Perrier did a pop up Le Bec Fin menu, too.Condescension without substance. 
I made a reservation for dinner on Friday night during restaurant week.  I walked into the bar/restaurant and noticed that the host was taking another party back to their table so I awkwardly waited between a full table and the bar (since there is no  "waiting" area).  A busboy/waiter asks if I'm being helped to which I reply, no, I have a reservation for 8.  He asks for my name and says someone will be out to help me.  A minute later, another couple of 2 walks in behind me, as confused as I was as to where to stand while waiting for the host.  The host comes back, ignores me standing there, and immediately walks to and proceeds to seat the couple of two who walked in behind me.  I stand, awkwardly, for another couple minutes until I finally realize the area where they are determining which tables are free is around the other side of the bar (a little sign by the door would be nice for those of us who have never been).  The host sees me standing by the stack of menus but never bothers to even ask if I'm waiting to be seated.  Finally, after having been in the restaurant for almost 5 minutes at this point, I ask if I can be seated as I had a reservation at 8.  He tells me he'll check on my table...Oh, they're paying now, it will only be a moment.  I notice at this point that there is an empty half booth but figure it is probably reserved for someone else so I stand and wait.  5 more minutes go by and no help.  I see another couple walk in and they are immediately seated in another empty table by a different hostess.  Furious at this point (It's almost 15 minutes past my reservation time), I go to her and say I have been waiting, I had a reservation at 8 and no one has seated me yet.  She tells me she will check on my table and let me know.  Mind you, since there is no "waiting area", I have awkwardly been standing in the middle of the bar/restaurant area.  She comes back and proceeds to seat me in the half booth that has been empty since I first walked in.  Another 10 minutes go by and a waiter finally fills my water and asks me if I would like a drink.  I tell him no, I'll wait for the other person in my party (my boyfriend was parking the car at the time). After my boyfriend is seated, we are asked if we want any drinks to start. I ordered a martini, my date ordered a drink and was immediately criticized as though he didn't know what he was asking for.  This type of condescension continued the rest of the night. Apparently there is a cheese cart with a waiter who will go around describing the types of cheeses to you? This was never offered to us.  Our service was incredibly slow--at one point they brought us out a small salad because we had been waiting 45+ minutes after ordering for our entrees (tortellini and a burger).  The "large" tortellini is 5 frozen-sized tortellini (not worth the price).  My burger was burnt on the outside, medium in the middle with no flavor.  The bun was soggy, probably from having sat with the toppings on it in the kitchen forever.  I requested a side of their garlic dipping sauce with my fries which never came. 
Overall the worst dining experience I've had so far in Philly.  This will definitely be a pass from now on for us.The food was absolutely adequate. The service was dreadful. My drink took 25 minutes and no accommodation was made which is questionable in this price range. I assure you, I'm not a particularly demanding consumer.Sunday brunch (surprisingly not busy): Devil eggs: go big or go home, there was MEAT in the yoke, yum!! Breakfast sandwich: fancy with charcuterie and house fries, good bang for the buck. Breakfast Burger: HUGE, sweet and savory, burger (cooked right), sausage, bacon, egg, cheese, French toast, maple syrup; he is a big eater and had leftovers! Drinks: $$$$ but good, don't expect a deal. We will be back for a cheese plate..Went to crow and the pitcher last night.  Really like the decor and style of the place.  Pretty unique cocktail list. I really enjoyed the food.  My date was vegan and the kitchen was able to accommodate.  The ratatouille is a must try.Went for drinks to catch up with a friend and had a great time. I absolutely LOVED the cheese cave and cart. The girl who described the cheese to us was a substitute for the regular cheese head, but she was absolutely charming and delivered well! 
I also love that they have a late night happy hour, from 11-midnight I believe. We actually stayed so long having mixed cocktails that we ended up hitting the happy hour. Speaking of cocktails... try The Juice Diet. It was delicious! 
I'll definitely be stopping by here again for brunch one day since I see so of the yelp reviews praising it.Everything about this restaurant was good but not great.  The food was good but didn't wow me, and the waitstaff could have been more hospitable.  Most likely will not go back.Excellent brunch. I highly recommend the poached eggs with asparagus and truffles. I also had a bite of the breakfast burger. WOW! The establishment is clean and the service was terrific. If we lived here this would be a regular Sunday Funday brunch spot. There were a lot of other things I still wanted to try!Great meal.  We had cocktails and then ordered from the menu during Restaurant Week. My date ordered the restaurant week meal I ordered ala carte.  It was terrific the kitchen is really or Rene and take him off quickly. My deviled eggs were great.  My burger was better than Village Whiskey.  I will be back.  Picture is what is left of my fries.Went with a party of 4 for restaurant week. I picked it based on the menu--I like to try things that are a little bit interesting.
My husband and I arrived first and were seated at one of their high tables. I have nothing against high tables for dinner, but I really hate stools without backs. They're fine at the bar, but for dinner I find them uncomfortable. After about 15 minutes my leg fell completely asleep and we asked to move to one of the few low tables that had been recently vacated. After that everything was good with the seating.
Between the four of us, we tried all of the restaurant week offerings. I had the romanesco appetizer which I quite enjoyed. Enough that I've been trying to figure out how to make it myself... Husband had the tuna which he liked. 
Main course I had the duck. It was well cooked and the accompanying veggies were delicious. Husband had the beef cheeks. The beef was good, but the star was the fritter which was awesome. Companion had the pasta with prawns. One warning that the prawns are served whole (head included). Didn't bother anyone at our table, but the lady at the table next to us seemed sort of put out. 
Dessert I had the espresso pot de crème. Lovely texture, and I liked the presentation in the mug. Husband had cheese plate. He really liked the selections, but I didn't try them. Companions had the sorbet and the creamsicle cake. The sorbet comes with a fruit that changes sour to sweet and sweet to sour, so it was more and experience than anything else. Creamsicle cake was delicious. 
They had a good selection of beers, and the burger on their regular menu looked delicious. We'd be back if we're in the area.There are two types of restaurants out there.. Restaurants that want to stay in business and restaurants that don't. Crow & the pitcher is the latter.
Upon arrival, we were greeted with a very friendly bartender, who disappeared for the rest of the night. We sat with empty glasses waiting for the next bartenders attention, while he was too busy talking to his friend on the other end of the bar. All the while, the restaurant manager sits at the bar tinkering with her laptop the entire night. 
I really wanted to like this place. The drinks are decent, but unfortunately we will not be returning because of the extremely inattentive bar staff.I was surprised how much I liked Crow & Pitcher. The decor and ambiance are pretty low key/minimal but it's not trying to be something it's not.  The cocktails I've had here were yummy (the wine was overpriced and just OK). 
The cheese connoisseur at this bar will blow your mind.  His passion for cheese and willingness to impart his wisdom is a rare find.   I highly recommend you ask to speak with him.
I also can't say enough about the freshness and simplicity of their food. I really like the combinations they chose for their entrees and I love their homemade pasta.
I recommend this spot especially since it's not super crowded and the service has been consistently good each time I've been here.This place is out of control good. Just got a gift certificate for a friend. Shotgun style with outdoor seating. Tiny bar with a solid back. The menu looks like it has hella cognitive dissonance. Like ... it isn't sure what it is or what it wants (other than to not be too expensive). Anyways, when menus seem all over the place... it is almost always a red flag. Not here. Enjoy your asparagus, brioche, chartreuse pecan butter, poached egg, lemon olive oil emulsion (what even is an emulsion though even?), and shaved burgundy truffles ... alongside ... fried pickles son! Super friendly staff too. 
Go. Booze. Nom.I came here for a business lunch on a Tuesday a couple of weeks ago. I was surprised (though glad) to see that it was way more quiet than most restaurants in the Rittenhouse area during lunch. In fact, there was only one other party in the entire restaurant, so we ended up with the place to ourselves for most of our meal. (Usually, this means faster service.)
However, despite the lack of customers, it strangely took a very long time for our table to get set up and for our food to arrive.  When it did, our burgers and fries were very tasty, but following this meal, my stomach acted all funky for the next few days. Also, the menu presented to us earlier was much more limited than the lunch menu posted online. 
There was a Yelp check-in deal for a free beer with the purchase of an entree. Not very convenient for the working crowd, but if it's still going on, it might be worth checking out. However, I'd probably recommend proceeding with caution, given my bubbly-stomach experience after consuming this food.Nice quiet bar across the street from Metropolitan. $5 happy hour burger, $5 fries, $5 fried pickles. Food was cold. Nothing special about the burger: tomato, lettuce, meat patty. Fried pickles are pretty strange: sweet pickle with a beer batter. Great service, but the food has more to be desired.Really good! Came here for dinner on Saturday.  Nice ambiance.  
Ordered the Dodd-Frank cocktail which was very good.  Then split the deviled eggs which were solidly prepared.  The menu is selective but I knew that going into it as I got the cheeseburger with marrow for an entree (added bacon as well).  They nailed the doneness requested on the meat and the entire burger itself was delicious.  Fries could have used some more time in the fryer but were otherwise tasty.
This is a cool little restaurant that I would definitely come back to considering the intriguing menu options as well as the cheese cart.Great gastropub tucked away off of Rittenhouse Square. I came here for drinks after a get-together and they have some wonderful inventive ones. The Juice Diet was a favorite among the group. Fantastically acidic and wonderfully weird!****update***** While I haven't been back, I did receive a message from the manager of Crow and Pitcher apologizing for my experience there and offering to make it up to me with brunch or dinner on them. I think that restaurants that pay attention to their reviews and service are great and I applaud their effort to improve. If going to the neighborhood again, I may take them up on the offer. 
Went here yesterday for brunch with a couple friends. it was not very crowded, no one sitting inside when we arrived, and we wished they had tables for 3 outside. They had a two top with 3 chairs but it would have been really crowded. If you are just two people the outdoor seating is nice. We asked a server for recommendations and she suggested the Brunch Burger. She said it was decadent but really good. I ordered it. my friends ordered the poached eggs and the french toast. Both the burger and the french toast were very large dishes but the poached eggs seemed like an appetizer in comparison, though he said they were really good. The bloody mary's are pretty good, they do come with bacon, fyi all vegetarians. 
I wanted to love my indulgent burger. But it was WAY overcooked. I had asked for medium rare and it was well well done, rubbery and tasted burnt. the sausage was also overcooked. The egg on top was done nicely but it couldn't save the burger. The fried french toast "buns" were also fried a bit too far. So was the french toast my other friend got. Burnt deep fried dough is not very good. I was so disappointed in the burger. I didn't send it back because I thought it would still be ok but I really regret not sending it back because I didn't enjoy that meal at all.This place had some good qualities, but they were definitely outweighed by the negative aspects. We can start out with the temperature...very warm, almost to the point where we were sweating. Next, the service was eh. After asking about happy hour specials, we ordered the happy hour burgers ($5) but then he brought the regular burger ($15). After explaining the mix up, a manager (I think) brought the burgers out and said they would charge the $5 price. Our waiter later remarked that we got lucky that we were only being charged $5. Lastly, I ordered a batch of the fried pickles, as did another person in our group. 10 minutes after the other order of pickles came out I asked about mine and was told "they're coming". After another 25 minutes, we asked for the check and I told the waiter to cancel the pickles. Amazingly, before we could get our check he came out with the pickles asking if I wanted them still. 
The food that did arrive to the table was pretty good. The $5 happy hour burger is a simple burger, but was cooked well and tastes good. The fries were also great. 
Despite the food, I won't be going back to the crow and the pitcher any time soon if ever.