I was in a hurry to my flight and grabbed a breakfast burrito to go. Once I was seated on board, I went to take a bite and bit into a ridiculous amount of egg shells. I spit it out in my napkin in hopes that some just accidentally fell into some of the eggs. There was no way there could be any more shells than that. I was wrong... Lots and lots of egg shells. It was like they didnt even bother to crack the eggs but just scrambled them whole. If you like crunchy eggs, go here. Disgusted.I'm from California, so I've had my fair share of legit Mexican food to know what's good and what's... no bueno. 
Dry, dry, dry. BLEH!! 
Thank goodness I asked for more salsa. The chicken was charred to heck and the rice was hard, cold, and crazy limey. Boo. I should have known it would be bad, but I was hoping for a little taste of home on my travels. 
Alas... Currito, you fooled me.I was pleased to see that Currito was open for breakfast before my 7am flight back to Denver. I did a burrito bowl (staying with that slow carb diet) and found a fine mixture of scrambled eggs, chicken, black beans, & guacamole.
$11 for the bowl and bottled water - not bad for an airport restaurant. Delish food. Big winner!I've gotten into a rut of only getting lunch at Currito when I'm at the airport. I tend to lean toward the bowls rather than the actual burritos. The food is the best you'll probably get from a non sit down place in this terminal. An interesting twist on a normal burrito place, they offer greek, chinese, and other themed burritos and bowls.I had a burrito bowl with shreaded pork.  All the ingredients were fresh including the guacamole I opted for extra.  This is a good place to eat if Ur traveling and aren't in the mood for the normal airport crap...I'd definitely eat here again.Poor service, no lettuce...totally crap. I would have been better off eating a burger or philly cheesesteak.Decent chili and burritos and pretty low prices for an airport place. Well, I wouldn't compare it to a proper restaurant so it's a 4 star place for me, but even if I could, it wouldn't drop below 3.This might not be fair.  I have many authentic Mexican restaurants near me, which have set a high bar for real burritos with uber fresh ingredients, from the tortilla, to the proteins and every possible ingredient possible.  
Currito is trying to appeal to too many cuisines with too many ingredients.  On a recent visit, I had a hap hazard bowl of incredibly mediocre ingredients all tossed together.  With some barely warm, overcooked chicken.  
Comparing isn't quite fair, but if Chipotle is the model of how to do a customer build your own burrito, these folks need to be reminded why fresh ingredients, even if it's less of them, can make a difference.
Currito is a nice alternative to other choices in the airport, but there's still a lot of work to be done here.Very rude staff especially short chubby brown male( disclaimer: this is not racist, I am brown too). I believe I asked something unusual . I asked quesadilla without cheese and  rather than getting a straight answer "No". I got yelled at that they can't make it without cheese then other staff member offered to make it but it won't stick which I said I am OK with. I objected that the first person's behavior is very rude then that person asked in native language that " you want it or not" 
If you really want to go there then beware of getting insulted. Obviously I left.Enjoyed my short encounter with this great fast food burrito shop. They have nice selection of flavors for your burrito beyond the usual guacamole, sour cream, and choice of sauce, which was refreshing!
The staff was nice, but also very fast. And yet, they also made sure to create the burrito in a neat process - ingredients were evenly spread out and the burrito was well wrapped and grilled. This should be the norm everywhere but sadly it is not, so that was pleasing.
All in all, great burrito. I chose the Tikka with grilled chicken.
Will be back!Had a Supremo Torta with scrambled eggs,chorizo,caramelized onions, cheese and guacamole. Food was fresh and overall I would recommend this as a place to grab a quick breakfast. For airport food this place was good. Price was also excellent for Airport $8.10 cents thats with a bottle soda. Torta by itself was only $4.99.Although I was a little skeptical of all the strange burrito options, Currito turned out to be a great food option in the Philly airport. I had a classic burrito with pulled pork that was absolutely delicious - maybe even better than Chipotle's. It was very flavorful and moist. Definitely would hit up again if flying through PHL again.Not great, not terrible. The other location in D is awful. Mixed reviews for this one. The staff is good and attentive and the management is good. Your food depends on the mood of the staff that day. Sometimes it's great, sometimes sub par. Prices are ok. Nice sized burrito or bowl for 7 bucks.I know this is airport food, but really?  The food was bland and not hot - not by a long shot.  Maybe it's the fact that it's been sitting a while.  Regardless -- for the price, wait to eat on the plane.Never got our food after waiting 15-20 minutes.
The food at Currito is decent enough, but you must endure the lazy and surly staff who are in absolutely no rush to serve their customers. An odd service paradigm, given that this is an airport location where people are rushing to catch their flights.
Today at breakfast, there was one person at the register, one person assembling the food, and a manager in the back. The food assembler seemed sedated, as if she were operating in super-slow motion. No one there stepped in to help, despite a group of 8-10 customers who were waiting on their food with growing impatience at the lack of progress. 
The slow-motion food assembler was grunting out barely audible descriptions of the food as it eventually emerged. Why bother with ticket numbers, after all? Problem was, she was announcing items that nobody had ordered. "Bacon cheese burrito?" Nobody ordered that, and food assembler -- in a trancelike state -- kept chanting it like a mantra. It sat there, unclaimed. This silly process was then repeated for other food, also ordered by no one. 
After watching this go on for 15-20 minutes, surrounded by a growing group of alternately angry and incredulous customers, I asked for our money back. The "manager" shuffled in from the back and provided the refund, ignored the chaos in front of him, and then returned to the back to do, evidently, not much. 
As one who travels through PHL consistently, I'm accustomed to very unfriendly and unmotivated employees throughout the facility. But this one was special. 
If you go, make sure you have time to spare.Nothing bad about this place,  not sure why all the negative reviews.  My pulled pork burrito on wheat tortilla was very good.  Lots of pulled pork (although not as juicy as Qdoba).  They didn't overstuff it with rice, which allowed more room for the good toppings.  Lettuce & tomatoes were fresh, and for 1.89 they added tons of guacamole.  Yumm.  Docked a star for not having queso sauce..  Which is why Qdoba is still my favorite!   However Currito grills their burritos which the other chains don't, which was a nice touch!!  Service was fine, not friendly but they did nothing wrong, and executed my order fast and perfect.  Prices are not crazy for airport food, $7.49 for pulled pork burrito is the same as other chains.I've always wanted to try this place, and now I'm wishing I hadn't. I ordered tofu, got meat. No apology. They remade me an extra-shitty flavorless new one, with a whopping two bites of tofu, and minus the guacamole I paid $1.50 for. F you, Currito.Swung by for a bite on a connecting flight. I had the tikka, with steak. Good combination, tasty, would get it again. 
Not sure what was in the mango limeade. It looked like most of it came from a box, nothing fresh, it was refreshing. Would also order the same again. 
Only negative was the airport price. Otherwise a good bet.Similar to a Chipotle and in my view better. For airport food the quality stands out here.Food is nothing to write home about - just your average sub-par burrito...Served cafeteria style next to exit door to airport exit.Friendly and accommodating staff. However slow (not okay at the airport!) food not hot enough, didn't taste good, bread spongy/inedible. Eating area was filthy when I arrived but seems to be PHL staff who cleans that? Was cleaned up while I was there.If you are in a pinch for something to eat this is your place.  However, do not fall into the upsell trap.  The manager said I had to try their guacamole since it was excellent.  The frozen guacamole that comes in the sealed packed at the grocery store had more flavor.  To say I was disappointed would be an understatement.Got to the airport early and needed some breakfast and coffee so ran into this Mexican spot that had great tasting and spicy chorizo con juevos burritos. The service is fast and the coffee is very hot.  Couldn't have asked for a better quick bite.Pretty good for airport terminal food and better than the usual pizza/wrap type of food options. Filling and tasty portion with flavor, more like food quality at a restaurant than fast food. The hot sauce really is hot! The tikka bowl was a good size with chicken, chick peas, mint yoghurt, cucumber. Kept me full while waiting for a delayed flight back home. Best airport food in a long time.Pleasantly surprised by this place! It's basically a Chipotle-style burrito place, but with a way more expansive menu of things to customize it. I had the Chicken Tikka burrito and a side of chips and guacamole. Everything I ate was really good. The Tikka sauce had a good amount of heat without doing too much and the chips and guacamole were solid as well (though, for the price, I expected more chips and more guacamole). 
Only cons came along with the usual airport eatery pitfalls - pretty expensive and the staff isn't always the most friendly.
If you're ever in the Philadelphia Airport, stop by here before you exit to baggage claim!My breakfast burrito was good and so was the mango limeade smoothie, but.... they know they're supposed to take the egg shells OUT when they scramble eggs, right?! Halfway through I had to stop eating because I couldn't stomach any more little pieces of eggshell. For curiosity's sake, I looked through the burrito and found a HUGE (almost 1" by 1") piece too. I'll attach pictures for evidence.
Service seemed grumpy, but hey, who isn't at 6AM?They forgot my cheese on my bacon,egg and cheese burrito and they gave me salsa instead of guacamole. Wasn't the best experience.PHL is one of my favorite airports in the country.  They have lots of good shopping (for an airport) and lots of good food options.  I love this concept of Mexican fusion.  I ordered the  chicken tikka bowl, which was chicken, fresh cucumber, yogurt sauce, cilantro rice, and curry chick peas.  It was all very flavorful and fresh.  Really good size portion.  Definitely something to seek out when you are waiting for your flight!First of all, LOL at the reviewer that said they "compare all burritos to Chipotle". WOW, that's not s real burrito! Anyway, I stopped in for a breakfast burrito. The burrito was small, they barely loaded ingredients in it. For 6.00, you'd think it would be a regular size. That being said, it's not like it truly want enough food, just not value wise. The burrito itself was ok, I dknt think I will be returning anytime soon.Good, a little better than fast food, enjoyed my burrito.Nice option for vegetarians who want to eat healthy in the airport. I got the tofu Mediterranean burrito which comes on a whole wheat tortilla and uses brown rice. Flavors weren't great, but it's nice to have healthy vegetarian food in the airport. A burrito and diet Coke cost about $12 after tax, which isn't too crazy. Burrito could have used a bit more tofu, they only put on two of the slices. so consider paying for extra if you want more protein.Currito Burrito in the airport is awesome!  
Since the New Year, I've been committed to getting healthier and choosing better eating options, and I am so thankful that I discovered this place because they made it possible for me to stick to my commitment.
They have options like the Bangkok Burrito Bowl, which has Asian slaw, Thai peanut sauce, and cucumber.  I chose to have mine with the organic tofu and brown rice.  It was tasty!
I also have had the Teriyaki Burrito, which has caramelized onions, broccoli, carrots and teriyaki sauce.  I've had it with brown rice, and the whole wheat tortilla - which definitely makes it a little healthier.  It's so rare these days to find fast food places with the whole wheat option, or the brown rice option, so it's definitely refreshing to find a place like Currito that does carry healthier options.
I've also tried the smoothies, and they are pretty good.
My only gripes about this place are: 1) I wish they would have given me more veggies, but I guess I can always ask for extra; and 2) the customer service is pretty lame, and it's sometimes painful to watch them work because they are slow.  Come on, we're in an airport... most people have a plane to catch, so they could definitely step up the pace in making a burrito or bowl.
Other than those things (which are pretty minor things), I am happy that Currito Burrito is in the airport now - and this is the one place I make a point to go to when I travel through the PHL airport.So much better than chipotle, which usually makes me  ill and is overpriced and also owned by McDonald's.  Their small burrito is the perfect size for 7 bucks. No food or money wasted.Stopped here on a long layover at PHL and found it a more than acceptable option for airport food.
Curritos is a chipotle-style burrito joint with "fusion" options. There's a Tikka burrito with some Indian-inspired flavors, a Teriyaki burrito with some Panda Express-ness, and so on. You can also build your own.
I opted for the least "fusiony" burrito recommended to me by the staff: the summer, which came with cilantro lime rice, mango salsa and black beans. I chose the steak option, regular size (there's also small). 
The burrito was slightly smaller than a chipotle burrito but made with care and lightly toasted at the end. The rice was flavorful, the mango salsa was sweet and fresh and balanced well with the hot sauce and sour cream. The steak was a little dry. Overall, I enjoyed it. 
I finished it off with a mango limeade smoothie which was tart and just so so. My wife got the Jimmy Carter smoothie, peanut butter and banana, which was great.
All in all, this is a fine stop for travelers and above average airport fare. Lots of options, more or less fresh and decently executed.I've had burritos from both airport locations and I keep coming back. It is now my airport go-to for lunch or dinner. I think they are consistently delicious and fresh. If I'm flying at lunch or dinner time, I hope for one of the Currito terminals.Nice concept but not great. Bit over priced, but I guess it's inside the airport. Too many menu options and variations to quickly decide, being fast casual. Nice that they have tofu (good for vegetarians). I ordered the chicken tikka masala burrito. They have a smaller size which is still filling. But for a dollar difference you can get more. You can also order "chipotle" style in a bowl. I feel the burrito I ordered could have come with more veggies. I had to request to add carrots and cucumbers. Too much cilantro (which I'm not a fan of). It was in the rice plus in the sauce as well. That's all I ended up tasting. The Chickpeas added wasn't that great either, it could be left out for inconsistency in texture and flavor. I wish they improve on the concept and open up in the west coast. It reminded me of Tikka Grill's party chicken wrap (really good!) locally here in West Hills, CA.Part of the BoLoco chain from Boston. Fantastic burritos and nutella milkshakes!Delicious, well cooked Mexican style food. My vegan friend got the tofu burrito, and enjoyed it. I got a make your own bowel with curried chickpeas, quinoa, mango salsa and broccoli. Maybe a strange combination, but it worked for me and everyone was perfectly cooked. Recommend!Best airport food I have ever had. Which isn't saying much but still.Ordered a burrito. Rice was hard and crunchy. No time for anything else so had to just go hungry for hours. Thanks for nothing. Did get a refund and attitude. Like it's my fault you let your rice dry out.Very good Burrito Place!  
After trying a number of things, here are my favorites:
Nutella Milkshake (add Banana & Whey) ~ small
Classic Burrito (Steak) ~ add Guacamole ~ Regular
Chips & Salsa(hot) + GuacamoleOn a short layover this place came in clutch!!! I ended up getting a Supremo Torta for breakfast, and it was soooo goood!!!! I had a feeling I might regret it later but it did NOT disappoint!! Haha!! A little messy but well deserved!! The employees behind the counter gave a little attitude but it was easily overlooked by the quality of the food...Portion sizes are decent, even the salad was sufficient to hold me over. Service is non existent. Staff doesn't make eye contact and always staring off into the distance, nor do they listen. I asked for pico de gallo and got salsa instead. 
But hey, it's the airport, beggars can't be choosers.3.5 stars Food choices in Terminal A are bad. The pub has fried everything, the Italian place looked unappetizing with dry chicken and cold looking pizza. Based on that Currito had to rate pretty high.
My first choice of pulled pork bowl wasn't available. I ordered chicken tikka style. That's channa chick peas cucumber and a yogurt sauce. But something was really spicy... -ve point for that. +ve point for giving me some pulled pork as a combo, but not enough for a full portion. It would've been nice be given a choice of brown rice because they have it as available. 
Overall fairly pleased with this twist on Chipotle. And better than the other junk food on offer.I had myself a breakfast burrito from Currito while connecting thru. Place is pretty clean and the toppings are nice and fresh. My only concern was the chorizo is a bit too salty for my taste. Little bit of kick but you'll be drinking a gallon of water later.
The eggs were fluffy and my burrito came together nicely with guacamole and potato. Sprinkle some of that cheese and grill me up. 
Don't know if the chorizo comes already made or if they make it in house, but pull back on the salt if you can. Could have been 4 stars.I had a breakfast sandwich with egg, cheese and chorizo on a fresh roll for close to $5. The chorizo was more like a mystery meat and was foul. Since its within a mini food court there were plenty of seats and the area was pretty clean. Still, I can't go much higher than a 2 star because of the mystery meat and some other things looked like they weren't so fresh.Tikka Marsala burrito soso. Classic burrito ok. Service--apathetic like the TSA workers in this unfriendly airportWhen you order a smoothie. And the girl has no clue.  Run.  It was terrible. She obviously didn't mckee it correctly because it was so bad.  Tart , and lumpy.  Never againKind of a weak Chipotle clone, but they get points for offering buffalo sauce and they grill your burrito together when you're finished, so that's a plus.
Airport eatings are slim pickins, but you could do worse than Currito.  It's pretty expensive at around $9/burrito, but considering your other options in the airport, it's not bad.
I did have gas throughout my flight, though, so take that into consideration if you're traveling next to someone you love.SLOOOOOOOWWWWW.  Food was good, but the customer is definitely not important to the staff here.  Ridiculous.  Go somewhere else...I'm going to.I don't think this spot is as bad as people claim it to be via Yelp or word of mouth. I've tried this place at the airport twice now, and have had a good experience both times. I mean, it's not like exceptional quality food but it definitely hits the spot when you're waiting for a flight and are craving a saucey, carby replacement for Chipotle.
I've tried the chicken tikka masala burrito bowl as well as the Mediterranean bowl. Both were tasty. I have a slight preference for the Mediterranean bowl, as it included more ingredients, but both were still flavorful. The chicken tikka masala burrito came with white rice, curried chickpeas, cucumbers, tikka masala sauce, grilled chicken, and a cucumber yogurt sauce. Delicious and kind of spicy, which was a nice added touch. 
The people that work the line are not very friendly and do not take the time to really help you customize your order. It also is fairly pricey for what you get, but hey it's an airport. 
Would not mind at all coming back here for an airport snack.This place is a gem in the philly airport. By far, it offers the best Mexican food and Best burrito in PHL. 
The portions are huge. The guacamole is freshly made and delicious. This was overall a great dinner for being stuck in an airport. 
Check it out in Terminal EThank you Philadelphia International Airport for having vegan friendly options.
Even the MSNBC snack store had ABC (Alternative Baking Co.) Cookies!  Yes!  I will no longer have to starve on a 5 hour flight back to west coast!
I had time to wander my terminal so I scoped out the options before obviously turning around to grab a Teriyaki Tofu Burrito.  Vegans, rejoice, this was good.  The tofu was grilled in spices and I didn't feel logy or gross afterwards.  No burrito coma due to the whole wheat tortilla, brown rice, shredded carrot, broccoli and caramelized onion.  I didn't feel like I was eating airport junk food which is a new feeling for me.I have tried this Currito location twice now and I am a bit disappointed. First time I ordered the Bangkok with  tofu and it was dry and no flavor. Second time tried the same, the Bangkok and only one pc. of tofu. Really. So won't happen again.There are two Currito Burritos in the Philly airport.  This is the one in Terminal A.  I decided to give it a shot the other day and was pleasantly surprised.  I ordered the chorizo, egg, and cheese burrito.  I was expecting that the chorizo would be chunks of sausage, but it was actually a shredded, saucy mixture similar to taco meat.  It has a heavy taste of mole or cumin or something that stuck with me all day and kept reminding me of the breakfast I ate (if you know what I'm sayin').  They have a heavy hand with all their ingredients here, so be careful.  This is particularly true if you opt to add a salsa to your burrito so make sure you remind the staff to only add a little bit - or better yet get yo sauce on the side.  With that being said, it was a pleasant experience - friendly staff (especially for the airport), quick service, good taste, and good value.  I will give Currito another shot the next time I am in the airport.Chorizo burrito for breakfast was like Trump had built the wall, the eggs were hot and the chorizo was cold.
There was no rush as the Sunday crowd was two people and one guest.It took me 30 minutes to find something without meat and cheese (and exhausting amounts of bread) at the PHL airport, but this was very good. They even had an allergen chart explaining which of their foods were gluten free, vegetarian, and vegan. Plus the people working there were really nice. I will come here every layover.Real food, healthy options, quick service in a busy terminal, helpful staff.   Tasted good, too.I was looking for indian taste and found this chicken tikka bowl. It tastes amazing. Has chickpeas ,rice, tikka masala sauce, mint sauce and cucumber. 
I thought it would be spicy but it isn't. Even though the spicy level is medium. It tastes awesome.Great burrito for breakfast. Recommend the create your own, my burrito was stacked. I would come again! Even not for breakfast.Highly recommend the teriyaki pulled pork burrito.  The pork was tender, and still flavorful an hour later when I ate it on the plane.  I can't comment on any of the other food, but I'd return next time I'm in the A terminal.In terms of airport food, this is a 4-star (everything is relative, right?). I stopped here for breakfast and was pleasantly surprised by the friendliness of the staff and freshness of the food. I ordered a bacon, egg and cheese burrito from the pre-determined menu choices, but they have build-your-own burrito and bowl options too, much like Chipotle. They made the food quickly as I watched, delivered it to me with a smile, and  I got that and a bottle of water for less than $8 (especially surprising at the airport)!
Burrito was tasty -- tortilla fresh and soft, bacon, eggs and cheese tasted fresh, and they were generous with the salsa. I chose hot for my salsa level since we're up north here and I've grown accustomed to the Texas definitions of hot, medium and mild. It was the right choice -- more like a Texas regular to medium, but quite tasty nonetheless.Our flight to PR was departing later in the morning, but it was 5am and while my son slept, I decided to grab us some much needed breakfast.  I love Mexican food, so when I saw that they were open and had quesadillas for breakfast, I was all in.  I placed my order for a cheese quesadilla and proceeded to wait for it to be prepared before my eyes.  The woman making all the orders was very good at preparing our food, but a little bit on the slow side, but I can't knock her ( I would've been much slower than her preparing the food) because there were only 2 people working, the girl at the cash register taking the orders, and the girl making the orders.  Nonetheless, the food was delicious.Picture a disappointing takeout Indian meal wrapped up like a Chipotle burrito, panini pressed to slightly crispy like a Taco Bell Grilled Stuffed burrito and...that's a lot of comparisons...but you end up with the chicken tikka burrito I got. 
It wasn't bad--3 stars on taste. No standout flavors, but a nice amount of heat. The extra star is for Currito making a go of fast casual Indian in an airport. That's bold, and appreciated.I got the Bangkok Currito with corn added to it. Food was okay. Maybe another choice of filling would've tasted better. The guy making the burritos wasn't rude to me but was rude to the guy behind me. Everyone deserves to be treated kindly.Okay, picture this - you're stuck in the airport all day, running gate to gate, cancellation after cancellation. All you want is some reasonably hot food. Will you get it here? No! I ordered chicken tacos. Normally you get three. I got two and questioned it at the register. Yes, normally you get three the cashier said but if you want two we'll give you two. No, I didn't ask for two. No lemons or limes available at this location. No paper bags either. At this point I was tired and frustrated. I paid. With juice dripping to my elbow from my foil wrapped tacos I paid and scurried to the seating. Opened up my delightful tacos and grabbed one. Something was horrendously wrong. No warmth, none. The grilled chicken was iced cold. As if it were for a salad topping. No, I will not eat here again. About to run back to Legal Seafood in the main terminal if I get desperate enough.I saw there was a Chipotle in PHL.  But it was in the farthest terminal from my gate. So I had to roll the dice on Currito. It seemed very similar to Chipotle but they had an expanded menu that included kale, quinoa and tofu! It was exciting to see all the combination they had. I went with a tofu classic.
Food in an airport is usually sub-standard. But Currito is a solid option anywhere. And while I like Chipotle's red salsa better, I'm a better fan of Currito having more vegetarian options.VEGAN REVIEW
Yes, there is another burrito place in PHL that will make you a vegan burrito.  The thing about Currito, though, is that all their different flavor combos are offered with tofu.  You know, like it is a usual thing, a normal thing, to try to eat whole-ish plant-based foods in an airport.  Right after B security, but you can get there from any gate, and you should!
Options include black beans, whole wheat tortilla, brown rice, cucumbers, peanut sauce, slivered almonds, and -- oh yes -- beautiful tofu.They have decent burritos. 
Unfortunately your experience will vary quite a bit depending on the people working there at any given moment.  
I like the Tika burrito - quite nice.For the airport, it's not bad, but I would rather eat at a chipotle or Qdoba. They have some interesting "styles" like cajun or thai, but I don't look for a United Nations in my burrito restaurants I look for good mexican.Curry in a burrito- Currito!
It was nice enough for refuelling between flights, but don't get too excited. This is airport food after all.While the food is tasty, the staff is extremely rude and confrontational.  I saw them get in an argument with the woman in front of me (the cashier argued over and over again that the woman had ordered one thing, not the other) and then they gave me attitude when I requested brown rice over white.  They also gave the guy behind me a hard time.  Management needs to get engaged in this front end - it's really not an appropriate way to run a business.OMG!!  Breakfast--Suprema Torta Sandwich. It is awesome. It's my new favorite!!  You definitely need to try this place."Hi there! I'd like a soy smoothie please."
"Sure, what size?"
"What are the sizes?"
A decent pause. 
"Oh, we're not making smoothies right now because we are too busy."
"Oh, okay...thanks, bye."
This review is mainly for the cashier with the purple headscarf. Could you have not started with your last statement? The line wasn't even long when I ordered. She clearly knew what I wanted and just didn't want to make it.Curry and burrito do not go well together! That was my fault. Low quality raw materials is their fault. Brown chicken and brown guacamole sealed the deal! Never again.LOVE Currito Burrito!!!!  When I have time on an outbound flight and almost always after flying in, if they're open.. I make the stop!  The food is definitely expensive.. being in an airport prices and taxes are jacked up.. however for the portion size, flavor, and texture.. this is a Win, Win!  I typically make my own burrito or choose from one of the menu choices.. you chose your beans, salsa, etc. They give you chips in the bag too!  Kind of reminds me of Chipotle or Moe's, but something about this spot that always has me coming back!  Yep, I'm definitely a FAN!I have enjoyed this place in many occasions. Very sad about the bad reviews. I enjoy it every time. I am a burrito bowl guy and the Mediterranean bowl is great. They now offer quinoa and kale.
The vegitarian can heat as well with tofu being available instead of meat
The service is great and done with a smile!!
Come hungry they load it up.Food is okay but cashier was rude and making faces! 
Won't even let us customize a quesadilla!!!Normally fast and healthy don't go in the same sentence. This is not the case at Currito. They offer delicious, healthy bowls, salad, and smoothies. They can serve you quickly if you're on your way to catch a flight. I really enjoyed the seasonal grain bowl with sweet potato and farro. I threw in some curried chickpeas and I thought that went together nicely. I will definitely stop here again next time I'm passing through. I appreciate the compostable bowls they use with recyclable lids. All around impressed with this spot!Wonderful salad with fresh trimmed crispy greens, a hearty helping of quinoa and the usual ingredients in a Superfood salad (look it up on the menu ) The raisins were a wonderfully sweet and chewy addition. Mark, my chef put together a wonderfully healthy meal with care and professional precision. A good dining choice when your flight is delayed and delayed.