You want food?  You don't care about a parking impossible experience?  You don't want to have to pay something for nothing?  You don't really care about "nice" appearances?  You kind of prefer it if you're more or less the only European in the place? 
You love the taste of charred wok on your flat rice noodles? 
You sometimes fantasize about being in the world of blade runner?
Your not actually on Java.
You want to be here - D'jakarta Cafe.
You will not be disappointed.
Thank me later.I ordered delivery so that may be the reason I was not pleased.  Nothing seemed fresh.  The spring rolls were flabby.  The shrimp roulade tasted old.  The shrimp dish was discarded as was the beef entree.  Just seemed reheated and greasy.  I love Indonesian food but this was not very good.I always bought to go, so i dont know hows the services there. They don't have delivery service, so you need to pick up your food. The place itself is clean and nice. 
Order 3x and feel in love with the vegetable noodles. I always love handmade noodles and dont mind to pay more. It cost 8$ but keep in mind that their portion is small. I think it needs 2 portions for male adult. Lol. The noodles came with chicken pork meat, small fish balls, 2 small fried pork dumplings, 1 egg, and2 beef balls in the soup. It more expensive than sky cafe and smaller portion, but i like the taste here more.
I tried other menus, they were good but not so spectacular . However, i give 5 stars because of noodles only. Even my son like it so much.This is the most authentic Jakarta cuisine I found in Eastern seaboard.
Menu is simple, prices are very reasonable, friendly and very good service. Definitely my favorite Indonesian restaurant!Delicious meal with authentic taste of Indonesia! I was pleasantly surprised with the food and service. I ordered bakso (meatball soup) and ayam goreng (fried chicken), and they both taste like the food made in Jakarta (I lived there for 10 years). Definitely will come back again to try the grilled chicken!An awesome addition to Girard Estates! Understanding that they just opened and there will be some hiccups here and there, overall we were all happy with our meals. As none of our party were familiar with the items on the menu, our sever happily explained each dish. Once the meals arrived, we had some additional questions, as some of the dishes have 2 separate components, so I asked "how do you recommend eating this" and they were happy to explain! The space is bright and clean. Prices are extremely reasonable !Delicious food and a very friendly staff! I had nasi ayam goreng. So good. I could have just eaten a plate full of the fried tofu, but the chicken is also very tasty. I tried the "happy soda," and while I'm not 100% sure what was going on with it, but it was yummy and the jelly was fun.One of my favorite BYOB restaurants in Philly. It's crazy cheap, food is amazing, service is awesome, girard estates neighborhood is the safest in the city. Most authentic Indonesian food in philly as well. Def have the grilled Pompano. It has this smokey flavor that is amazing. The sauces for the apps are amazing too. I just cant believe how inexpensive it is, they should possibly raise their prices a little. Not sure how they make any money with everything so cheap.This place used to be Sky Cafe. But after the fire incident, they moved to Washington street and now it opens a new restaurant. The place is clean and renovated, staff were friendly. Ordered ayam bakar meal and Jakarta Noodle and they are pretty good. The menu is still limited and prices are decent. Will definitely go back to try other items.We never dine in at any Indonesian Resto for some reasons. After got bored with Chinese and Vietnamese Resto, we started to try to dine in. The food taste different when you eat it in the place. It was tastier.
Salty fish fried rice was awesome, we asked it spicy. Soto betawi was great. Tempe and hekeng are a bit overpriced, taste so soFood was delicious. I recommend beef soto and fried pompano fish. Great service and very friendly waiters!Honestly, this place is the worst. Service sucked. The food comes out an hour after you ordered your food. Youre going to come in, sit down and not even get a menu for 10 minutes. Im not going to lie the food is okay. But the service are 2 thumbs down. I went in with a group and some of the people in my group left hungry WITHOUT EATING and all they said was "sorry" not even a reimbursement or anything. If thats not enough bad news, all these 5 stars you see here without any commentary, just stars. They're fake. The owner of this cafe CALLED ALL OF HER FRIENDS to make sure that they put 5 stars on this page. Its pretty sad to know this. The reason i know this is because a friend of mine that left 5 stars in this page told me what happened. If you ask some of these people who left 5 stars here, theyll tell you that they never even visited this restaurant in the first place. I'm sorry to say this but please don't support this cafe. If you'd like indonesian food. I'd recommend you guys to sky cafe or indonesian restaurant. 
Update: after giving a bad review from my experience i was attacked by the owner's friend. Harrassed and attacked as you can see from their facebook page. I literally made an account for yelp just so all of you guys wont waste your time by coming to this cafe.Came in for dinner on a friday night. For a brand new place, the decor is chic, the service was great, the food came out quick, and the atmosphere was enjoyable. As an Indonesian who misses authentic meals, so happy that Djakarta Cafe is another great option in Philly.
Our group got Soto Betawi (tasty with a little kick of heat), Bakmi Djakarta kecil (delish and just like what you'd get from the street vendors), and Nasi ayam bakar (came with various sides and very fulfilling). The food certainly didn't disappoint!
Don't forget to cap the meal by taking a picture by the great mural!I went here because of the reviews by other people... I sure was fooled. The food looks like nothing like the pictures. Although majority of these photos were posted by the owner. I ordered Bakmi Goreng Djakarta or their Stir Fried Egg Noodle, the noodles were broken up, greasy, and tasted like frozen food. I ordered Es Cendol, which is that light green drink... it basically tasted like caramel, so sickeningly sweet. Asians do not like things too sweet. Trust Asian reviews, do not trust others!First time at Djakarta cafee. Ordered indonesian grilled chicken it was really...really tasty...service very friendly...I was excited when I found out an Indonesian restaurant was a quick walk from work.  I stepped out for lunch to try this place.  It's tucked within the neighborhood, maybe 9-10 tables, the walls decorated with sticker murals, framed pictures, and trinkets, which add a nice touch.
The restaurant is family-owned and the cook is apparently the owner's mother.  I loved the beef rendang dish, which was just $7.50.  (EDIT- I came back about 3 weeks later and they'd upped all the prices, so this exact dish is now $9.50! That's quite a big increase) Apart from the beef rendang, it came with a whole egg that seemed lightly deep-fried; two pieces of shrimp; and what tasted like sweet potatoes with an interesting sauce; and some kale/collard greens, also in an interesting (but different) sauce.  The flavors were wonderful.   This place is cash only, so be aware of that.  The only drawback is it took ~30 minutes for my food to come out, which is great in the sense that I'm sure it was made to order and not pre-made.  There were maybe 3 other small groups there but it seemed like they were already eating when I ordered.  That's something to keep in mind if you're on a time crunch but apart from that, the food here is lovely, the atmosphere is simple and nice, and you're supporting a local business.  What's not to like?  I'll definitely be back on another lunch break.Waited 1.5 hour and my food never came out! And apparently the appetizer comes out after we eat the main entree. They also Lack organizational skills, because they keep asking us if the food we ordered already came out or not. Im very disappointed. They were definitely not ready to open this businessStopped in for lunch on a Saturday afternoon and was welcomed by the modern, but relaxed setting. We tried both of the satay (skewer) appetizers: chicken and lamb. The lamb was great, but the chicken with the peanut sauce was absolutely incredible. My main dish was the soto betawi (beef soup), and it was quite an impressive bowl of soup. 
Both the appetizers and the main course were presented nicely, with sides of lime and hot pepper paste, extra peanut sauce (yes please, haha), and soy sauce brought to the table. 
Unfortunately I couldn't do dessert that day, but will definitely stop back in sometime to try the happy mango (looks fantastic), and the fried banana.
High quality, inexpensive, great neighborhood spot. I'll definitely stop by again!First we tried 3 out of the 4 appetizers- shrimp rollade, lumpia, and fried wontons. I always love Indonesian wontons, and didn't mind have two more come along with the egg noodle dish. This bowl covers all the major food groups, plus a side of weird meatball soup. If I'm on my own at an Indonesian restaurant without any eating buddies to share with and I have to pick one thing to order, it will usually be this because of all the flavors and textures. 
And while mysterious, bouncy, grey meatball soup is not for me, I would have a whole bowl of the tangy cabbage side soup that comes with the fried chicken ($7). It outshined the small portion of fried chicken. 
Beef rendang, on special, came with just a little bit of tender beef, but also some unexpected fried shrimp and a tiny dish of kale stew. 
The portion size of the protein in the rendang and fried chicken dishes were  better suited for and individual to enjoy and not for sharing, but the fried fish (on special) was more generous. It was a great plate to share, we all enjoyed digging in to the crispy skin.Great atsmosphere, good food, friendly staff, will be back for more food! Recommended to anyone to try the restaurantBeen here twice, and everything is awesome. I fancy the interior as well as the food, thank you for answering my prayer by providing my favourite kinda meal in Philadelphia (grilled chicken, sambal, and tamarind soup). Gave them some encouraging inputs on my first visit and they fixed it on my second visit. I only spent 35mins on my first visit from waiting for the food until devouring them which was surprising because they were packed. There are some improvements that they are able to accomplish in the future I believe. And please do consider to change your music playlist in order to meeting the longing of Batavia's ambience. Well done.New Indonesian cuisine ,.... I went there today and ordered bakmi ayam jamur ,......and I like it ,the foods are good , the pangsit is reeaaally goood (I recommend) , the indoor lay out is nice, the service are good ,IS ONLY TAKE THEM 15-20 MINUTES TO BRING MY ORDERS ,so it quite normal (no worries). I definitely back for more .....!Service was great. Very friendly and food came out fast. We had chicken satay for appetizer with peanut sauce. The chicken is tender and moist with very tasty sauce. Wonton soup is ok and tends to fall apart. I had the veggie noodle soup with chicken and mushrooms. It's on the salty side and the flavoring is similar to instant-ramown seasoning and I could taste white pepper. The flat noodle (kwetiaw siram) had again dominated by white pepper also the stir fry version of it (kwetiaw goreng). We had ropang for dessert which was amazing. It's a toasted bread with chocolate, cheese, and ham filling topped with shredded cheese and sprinkles. This place is cash only.First of by saying that the decor of the place is very nice. BUT the food was just mediocre. I got the grilled chicken platter and my SO got some noodle dish. Both of us agreed that sky cafe does it better. We will not be returning.1st time and we got good, if not excellent!  We'll come back for more and try the other menus.
Tip. Keep a good lookout for their "specials" board.Went here because we want to try something new. We have no relation with the owner and never meet before (saying this due to other reviewers comment).
We treat this restaurant as a new restaurant, meaning we would not compare this place to another place since that would be subjective and defeat the purpose.
Service: other reviewers might come during their first time opening this place so you should expect them to be very busy, maybe panic, or confuse.
We went here during dinner time Sunday and service were fast, we actually count the time due to the reviews about the slow service. It was not slow at all. 3 minutes for appetizer, we ordered 2 of them. Maybe 5-7 minutes for both of our main dishes.
Food: 
For the appetizer, we order Rujak Buah and Friend wonton.
Rujak Buah basically a fruit salad with peanut dressing.
The peanut dressing is sweet, sticky (due to the palm sugar), not spicy at all. Contain cucumber, jicama, raw red sweet potato, pineapple.
Fried wonton, have shrimp in it (might be wrong), it's a decent fried wonton.
For the main dish, my wife ordered Ayam Bakar, it came with Sayur Asam, Fried Tempeh, and Tofu. She likes it and that all that matter.
I ordered Nasi Campur Rendang, it came with a lot of other stuff other than the Rendang.
It has Sayur Daun Singkong (boiled cassava leaves in coconut milk), Spicy Egg, Spicy Potatoes, and Shrimps.
They provide you with Acar (pickles) on the table which is a plus for me.
Before we left we ordered the Soda Gembira (soda with milk and some jelly). 
As a new restaurant, it seems they learn to be better which they do and we appreciate that.
Other reviewers that have not to decent experience should give this place a second chance.
We surely going to be back here. And also, a good decoration inside this place.The restaurant is small, but it is nice and clean. This is my first time having Indonesian food and I love it. The food is wonderful and I can see their kitchen is very clean.Came here for lunch on a Friday afternoon with my sister. The menu is not very big, but each of the dishes we decided on were packed with flavor! We shared lamb sate and each got nasi with beef rendang. The beef was tender and filled with spice. The accompaniments were tasty and added nice relief to the spice from the sambal. The service was quick and the atmosphere made me feel as if I were in a shop in Jakarta. I loved the little touches of Indonesian culture. Will definitely eat here again!Fantastic Meal!!! Loved it! Great service too!
Had the fried whole fish, fried fish rice, sweet and sour whole (peel yourself) shrimp and don't miss the sweet coconut milk!Stopped in on a whim and was not disappointed! Great food with a friendly staff and nice dining area. I would highly recommend coming here.Finally I got to try this Indonesian watering hole deep in South Philly (at the old location of Sky Cafe), and it did not disappoint! After passing the critical test of finding a street parking spot, you will be rewarded with delicious Indonesian food (and true to the name, focusing on Jakarta-style dishes).
Tried the Nasi Ayam Bakar, which comes with a cup of rice, tofu, salad, tempeh, some chicken liver/heart pieces, chili/soy sauce, a cup of sayur asem (sour veggie soup), and the sweet-tasting crispy chicken (you can choose breast/thigh portion). The noodle with chicken and mushroom is also well cooked and better tasting than average. We also tried the soto betawi (ok tasting but no surprises there), and the delicious Bakso Djakarta (meatball soup). The dishes are delicious, well-cooked, and accurate. For me, the winner is still the ayam bakar dish -- don't miss it!
The prices are reasonable at $6.5 to $7 for most of the main dishes. I also like the modern cafe-style decor with photos, mural and collection of toys and trinkets on the wall.
Service is fast and very friendly. The only o-oh! is that they only take cash. But, pad your wallet and try the dishes, you won't regret it.Love this place! I would certainly recommend a dish but I forget the names of them. Our son loves the Happy Mango drink and I like the spicy beef. Service is great and the spot is really cozy and sweet. Great place for the kiddos.The Bubur Ayam tasted authentic. Everything was good including the service. We ordered the salted fish fried rice and cumi mentega. We will definitely come back.We drove up to Philly to try this new restaurant. The interior of the restaurant was new and contemporary. The staff was friendly and helpful with recommendations, though the menu was quite limited (short list). The prices were great! We ordered a few appetizers the shrimp roulade fried wonton and spring rolls with peanut sauce were really good. The chicken and mushroom noodles, soto betawi and the grilled chicken rice too were all tasty, chicken was on the smaller side, loved the tamarind soup that came with the dish. The soto betawi had a sublime flavor, it was delicious! We also tried the chendol - really fresh taste and sweet. I was craving certain Indonesian food but they didnt have them, they seemed to specialize in certain Indonesian food only. It's understandable! Loved the sambals though!!Great Food! Nice Staff! I always have a nice experience when dining weather I'm dining in or taking out.My go to Indonesian spot! I come here before work or after the gym. I usually get the Shrimp Rollade, Soto Betwai and the Bakmi Goreng. If you're into sweet drinks, get the cendol. Fell in love with this place.I just had lunch here and I thought it was good, but not great. I used to come here when it was Sky Cafe, until it had a fire and closed. The decor is nice and the service was very good. The woman who served me was always smiling. I had the E6, which is the traditional fried chicken with rice and soup. I liked the main part of the dish, but I really didn't enjoy the tamarind soup that came with it. I think it would be nice if the soup was an option, with other items to choose from. Since I didn't eat the soup, I was not full when I left. My friend had The E2, big egg noodle with The meat and fish balls. He said it was ok. Presentations on both dishes were nice and prices are cheap. The menu is very limited, only 7 entrees to choose from and 3 of them have fish balls. I think I'll wait a few months and try again. Hopefully they'll have a few more menu items and more options. I do wish them all the best, this area needs this type of restaurant to round it out.*** Update ***
I give more star to this place regarding the communication about everything that happened. They reached me out to apologize for their friends behavior and attitude and I told them that this is not their fault but their friend's fault. She even told me that everything that they have done actually hurt them more rather than helping. And she apologized for one bad experienced becomes a personal attack. Just FYI, this is called review, review is based from ur personal experience not from other people experience especially what they called friends. I have a lot of screenshot about what they r saying even though they deleted them but I know already and this will be my evidence if this going to get more. So for D'Jakarta cafe friends, stay still n mind ur own business. Ur experience might be good and excellent but not us. We got treated pretty bad as a customer, not as friend or community. We are all customers here. So, you can say ur opinion and I am entitled for my opinion. Thank you for D'Jakarta cafe for reaching me out. ***
Service is suck, long waiting for food, left without eating! First, when we came, I brought my baby with me. They only have 2 high chairs that all been used, ok....I put my baby on my lap . Waited for a while for the menu that no one seems about to give them to us until I asked about it. Ordered shrimp rollade (appetizer), 2 grilled chickens and rice, and 2 big mushroom chicken noodle and one soto betawi. Waited for 30 minutes, soto betawi came out. Another 15 minutes 2 noodles came out dry without the soup And then the appetizer came out and then the soup for the noodles came out........what is this?? and another 20 minutes, one grilled chicken came out. My husband, my sons, they both ate and finished their food while I ate nothing! When my husband asked where is my food, they said it was already on the table and i said, or better yet, yelled " FORGET IT!!!!!! I AM NOT EATING!!!" That will be a really bad reviews!!!Did they offer me anything??? No!!! Did they say sorry? Yes!! Well...i left hungry. My family weekend ruined because of this!!! The girl behind me complained also...waited for 45 minutes for the grilled chicken! She was mad too. Not gonna come back!!!!! I will go to Sky Cafe rather than this suckist place!!!!!
UPDATE : After my bad experienced and I wrote a negatives review on this account and facebook account, I have got attack right and left from the owner friends. So be prepared, if you have a negatives review over this place, you will get attack, hard!!!Nice & cosy. Food is super delicious, staff is very friendly. I had satay kambing & soto betawi. OMG.. it's so good.Good food, good service and good price, a  new Indonesian Authentic Restaurant in South PhiladelphiaThis weekend, I ordered take out from D'jakarta Cafe. It was delicious! The food came in the designated time frame (we ordered from Postmates), and everything was the temperature it should be. For food, I ordered the Stir Fried Egg Noodle, and it was delicious. It came with some spicy sauce on the side and some pickled cucumbers. The cucumbers added a nice crunch. The spicy sauce was WAY too spicy for me when I tried it, and the dish was very flavorful without it, so it worked out. 
For a drink, I ordered the Es Cendol. It had an almost savory taste to it. I didn't really like the taste of it, but my boyfriend did. He had ordered the Happy Soda, and we swapped. I liked his better, it was much sweeter and had a carbonated aspect to it with the soda. 
We are already talking about ordering again! This will definitely be a go to place of ours!One of my favorite indonesian restaurant in town! Been there and order for shrimp rollade, chicken noodle mushroom and grilled chicken.. taste excellent and feels really authentic.. i waited for around 30-40minutes, but still worth the food.. will be back for sure!Such beautiful food! I took two of my 3 daughters to this sweet spot tonight and left more than satisfied. Truth is, I spent about 3 weeks in Indonesia when my now 21-year-old daughter was six- months-old. She accompanied me then and accompanied me tonight. This trip with her was a lot less stressful because I didn't have to continually nurse her on a twenty-three hour plane ride..but I digress.  Oh sweet delicious food of Indonesia, how you don't disappoint. The chicken satay was so delicious it would have been enough to stop there, but add the fried rice with salty fish, the coconut beef soup, the amazing mango smoothies...I mean, what are you waiting for? It's a cozy little spot too. Cash only so bring your bills and get to South Philly!Great Indonesian restaurant with many delightful,dishes that are very flavorful and well prepared. Fast take out service too.The grilled fish here is truly something special. It's salty, sweet and crispy. It also comes with a side of sambal sauce and some sweet-soy-diced-onions concoction. Just thinking about it makes me salivate.A true Jakartan food! Bubur ayam FTW and mie ayam jamur! 
It's a place for the x Jakartans to feel at home.Nice place for lunch in downtown Philadelphia. Indonesian food. We had fried rice special (Nasi) dish and Noodle (Mei) dish. They are very tasty. We also had Satay which was chicken (you can also get it with lamp) on the bbq stick for appetizer with peanut sauce. Price overall was very good too. I would definitely return again if I am in Philly.My new favorite spot! So glad to have D'jkarta Cafe as a neighbor. Everything I've had here has been amazing and the service is excellent. Well worth the trip if you're not in the neighborhood.Authentic delicious amazing! So glad to find this hidden gem! Even their table spice condiments are made fresh!! So excited that I'll have a new go-to spot in Philly. We ordered the fried chix with sweet and sour sauce (off the menu), grilled squid, beef randang, and stir fried flat noodle. The rice jelly drink brought back such good memories from my childhood! Will definitely come back again and again!I ordered take out from the first time here.  I ordered the stir fried flat rice noodles. It comes with fish balls, pork, shrimp and veggies.  When I went to pick it up the employee said I ordered the flat egg noodles but it was incorrect.  She quickly apologized and told me my correct order would be ready in about five minutes.   So I quickly paid and told her I'd be back.  I stepped out to buy myself some dessert from potito's which was half a block down.  I came back and it  we ready.  She apologized again and I was on my way.  I went back to work to eat and it smelled delicious.  It came with a spicy sauce similar to sriracha but not really.  It was like a homemade spicy sauce.   It also came with a little cup of pickled cucumbers.  Not really pickles.  But more so like slightly pickled cucumbers.  The noodles were still piping hot.  I was hungry so went right in.  The food was good.  At first I was a little disappointed that the box wasn't full as some places do.  But it was just enough for me to feel full.  The noodles had a tasty flavor.  The meat and vegetables were good as well.  It came with about two or three pieces of shrimp that were a pretty good size.  The shrimp was also deveined.   I'd like to try the other dishes on the menu next time.  I definitely will be back.  The price is right and the quantity was just right.  Entrees average about 7-8 dollars.The foods, the services, and the environment are good for me.
Since this is their first week to open business please be consider to wait little bit longer. I believe this matter will be resolve soon.
If you want to taste an Indonesian Cuisine please consider this place.So good! I got the mushroom noodle and there were so many ingredients. I was so hungry and it was so good, I forgot to take a picture :)
Great price too, it reminds me of Sky Cafe that had to move to Washington Ave after a fire, but now I've found another Indonesian spot close by with the same quality food, so excited!Long wait even for the appetizers. I came again because the food taste good, but the wait is ridiculous especially it's not even that busy. I'm not sure if I will come backI am so happy I made it to this place. Food is great, space is beautiful and price affordable. I told the server this was my time trying Indonesian food and she was very excited about that. To drink: I tried the Es Cendol (made out of green rice flour jelly); I feel that this is more of an acquired test still I'm glad I got to experience this interesting flavor. My entree was a noodle dish: Bakmi Ayam Jamur. The taste was delicious, great balance on flavors and very fresh. If you are familiar with Thai and Malaysian food, then you might agree with me that this is something in between. Therefore, a great opportunity. IMPORTANT: bring cash, they don't take cards. You can easily get a nice meal for less than 10 dollars.I love going to places like this with good food but not having to pay a lot for it. 
I ordered Nasi ayam bakar - grilled chicken dish with a lot of extra sides that came with it, along with a soup.  The chicken flavors were good and it was nice and moist.  It had too many bones to my liking.  The sides were interesting, some which I couldn't identirfy... but included fried tofu (which i really liked), liver which was tasty but not my favorite texture, some veggies which helped to add some crunch
My friend ordered a noodles dish and i'm not really a noodles person but i think if i were to go back, that's what I would get.Very good food and very decently priced. Happy mango is very refreshing. Pefect for shot American day. Or any day really. I'd highly recommend it.Never been this happy for having lunch in Philadelphia! This restaurant is amazing! I really like the Ayam Bakar. It's really Surabaya grill style, which I missed a lot  I also ordered Bakso Super. It is very tasty and also I really like the egg inside the meat. The soup is very tasty but I don't really agree to have cabbage to replace the lettuce (as in the original bakso). Nevertheless, I was just so happy with Ayam Bakar. The sambal is very East Java hot style! Sure thing to revisit this place in the next trip to PA!This was my first stop in Philly on a warm summer's day and it was a hit with us. The spring rolls and sweet & sour squid was incredible and fresh. Noodles, noodles, noodles! I loved the noodles. Service with a smile. This place is worth a checkout!You want food?  You don't care about a parking impossible experience?  You don't want to have to pay something for nothing?  You don't really care about "nice" appearances?  You kind of prefer it if you're more or less the only European in the place? 
You love the taste of charred wok on your flat rice noodles? 
You sometimes fantasize about being in the world of blade runner?
Your not actually on Java.
You want to be here - D'Jakarta.  
You will not be disappointed.
Thank me later.Super clean and cozy restaurant located in a pretty residential area of Philly. Street is a pain, but still worth the visit! 
The prices are fair for what they offer here. All the dishes are flavorful, homey and filling. Although their side dishes and starters are on the smaller side, the main rice/noodle dishes are just enough. 
I highly recommend the beef rendeng rice dish! Beef is soft and all the other components pair perfectly with rice as it's so packed with flavor and spices.Wow food here is amazing! Place is nice, clean,  and well decorated.  I highly recommend this place for an authentic Indonesian dishes. Grilled chicken, stir fry noodles, meatball soup, satay, and happy mango are my go to meal here. YummmFood is tasty. Pretty much my grubhub go to.
If you are interested in Indonesian food, try this place.
Perhaps, more items to choose from would be great. Maybe for the future.I used to love this place, but now the quality of the food (taste and quantity wise) went down the hill. They increased the price, but decreased the quantity. The chicken noodle that they were famous for doesn't taste like it used to be anymore. Some of the dishes are lack of flavor. I'm quite disappointed.Went here yesterday for early dinner semi snacking
They just opened about a week now
Tried the ayam bakar/grilled chicken,ayam goreng/fried chicken,bakso/meatballs and the bakmi/noodles ramen kinda thing 
Jakarta itself is the Capital of Indonesia  
It has a lot of cuisines 
And this is reminding me of home
You know the resto is good if a lot of their people eat in
*Price
Very reasonable around 5-7 bucks 
Hole in the wall
*Decorations indonesian traditional semi modern,very cool!
*Cleanliness...well it's a brand new resto
*a little bit slow on the food coming altogether 
But this is very minor 
They only a week age
 *Food taste delicious  
I only spent $35 for party of 3 plus tips 
Full and satisfied 
Cash only for now
Sunday afternoon probably the most busy time 
Since the indo people always looking for food after Church 
I hope they put more menu on the future 
We loved it so far
This is gonna be our go to place after Sky cafeTip: cash only! 
Vibes: cafe-style, modern, familiar 
Tasting notes:
-hekeng udang: deep-fried shrimp cake slices with a side of sweet chili sauce. Slices were umami, a solid appetizer for 2-3 people. 
-bakmi djakarta kecil: generous helping of savory egg noodles with little chunks of bbq pork, mini fish balls, a halved salty-sweet tea egg, sprouts, scallions, crunchy fried shallots, crispy greens, and two fried wontons. Two small bakso accompanied the noodles in a light broth-perfect to mix in with the noodles. 
Will be back for the specials!Good Indonesian restaurant in South Philly. I had the Rendang which was very flavorful. About $8 for it. The soup was really small-would of liked a larger bowl. I'd pay a little more for that kale soup. Also had the shrimp rollade as a starter. It was also good. Will definitely come back to try something else. 
Street parking.Sambal Pompano!
D'Jarkata is one of my new favorite restaurants in Philly.  I don't dig the secluded residential location nor the ridiculous lack of parking, but the food here is really delicious.
Over the course of several nights, I tried much of the menu here.  One thing that makes everything better here is the Sambal.  You could basically put this on anything here and it would jack up the flavor 10 fold.  Seriously, ask for a take home container, or bring a sandwich baggie with you, and take some of this sambal home.
That before mentioned Sambal on top of the Pompano is awesome!  There are two versions of the Pompano, grilled and fried, of which the grilled is really extraordinary.  The grilled has this extra smoky charcoal flavor that is missing from the fried version.  Both pompano options are fantastic accompanied with a sweet onion soy sauce.  Both pompano options are my favorites here and I've had it each time with little if any deviation in quality each time.
The Beef Rendang may not be the best I've had in Philly but it sure is super tender and moist.  Layered over a coconut rice, it's truly sublime.  The entree portion was a great size and perfect for sharing with 2 or 3 as it can be rich.  The platter option affords more variety but I'd forgo the variety for more of this Rendang.
Of the appetizers, the chicken satay skewers are served with a healthy ladle of satay sauce on top.  Beautiful juicy thigh meat perfectly cooked over charcoal served with a wedge of lime that isn't required.  Definitely Recommend!
The mixed egg noodles can be customized for example, for those that don't eat pork.  This was accommodated with little impact to flavor.  The egg noodles just add great texture and flavor.  Having tried both versions, I definitely dig the version with pork.  Definitely recommend.
The sweet and sour squid entree was super tender accompanied with a sauce that was tasty.  Similarly the Fried Shrimp Roulade was crispy but a little bland.  The sambal sauce helped to make it much better.
While the before mentioned were fantastic, there were some disappointments on the menu, namely the lamb skewers and the shrimp a la carte entrees.  Both of these items were over cooked and in the case of the lamb satay, the satay sauce was on the side and not slathered on top like the chicken version.  No amount of satay sauce or lime wedges could have saved the lamb from being edible.  It was dry and hard to chew.  The shrimp, while being overcooked, also suffered from the lack of proper deveining.  These were not little shrimp and that simple effort mistake took away from what could have a been a really great dish.  Hopefully they were one time issues that can be corrected in the future.
Finally the operating hours are rather tight for an early dinner and the tight parking situation doesn't help.  Even still D'Jarkata is definitely a must try.This place has superb Indonesian food. We went with my brother family who were here before. We order few dishes and shared so i tasted little of each.I liked stir fried flat rice noodle the best which came with shrimp,fishball and fishcake,veggies on it. It was little different but very  delicious. The decor was good and staff were courteous and friendly. I would love to go back and eat here.The food is incredible and very well prepared. The staff are just absolutely charming from start to finish. I'm super happy I discovered this placeI finally had the chance to try this hottest and newest Indonesian restaurant in town. Definitely as good as it gets and I'm kind of obsessed with the decor and the Jakarta-themed murals on its walls. In case World Geography is not your forte, Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia which is located in Southeast Asia which makes Indonesian cuisine one of the most colorful and vibrant in the world with full intensity of flavors.
Enough of the intro lecture and let's get down to business. If you come here during a weekday, you'd probably have more chance of finding a nearby street parking spot. If not, fret not - drive around the neighborhood a little and you should find one a block or two away (the walk should build up your appetite). Once you get here and get that appetite built up, grab a seat and a menu. The menu spread consist of selections of dishes that you'd find in the streets of Jakarta. I highly recommend the satays as appetizer - they always bring me back to the memories of Jakarta's late night snacks/supper culture. Few other dishes that give me the same feelings are the Soto Betawi, Bakmi Djakarta, and Nasi Goreng Djakarta. D'Jakarta Cafe's version of these dishes are really on point and authentic. Some of the beverages can be quite sugary, but it's so worth it. Your Jakarta experience won't be complete without either the Ice Cendol or the Happy Soda :)
The service is very quick, friendly, and hospitable. Definitely a 5-star experience!There's a reason this place is so busy. Friendly staff, great food. Got the hekeng udang appetizer, which was really tasty and fried super crisp. Had the nasi ayam goreng, which has a little bit of everything on it. Really enjoyed the various sauces, which had great flavor in addition to some heat.There are lots of Indonesian food in Philly and they serve foods from different region jn Indonesia. This restaurant is specifically serving foods from Java island. The food is on the sweeter side. The foods are mixed of Indonesian Chinese food. If you are craving for Indonesian Chinese food, you should try this restaurant. Today we tried the pompano grill fish. The fish is so fresh and the sauce sambal is delicious. We also tried the "ayam goreng mentega" - this dish is so close to the one in Indonesia. It is very delicious. Highly recommended if you are in Philly area and craving for Indo foodThis is one of many places that serves authentic Indonesian dishes in Philadelphia.
The location is fairly new, overtaking the space previously occupied by Sky Cafe. Almost everywhere in Philly parking spot is scarce. The restaurant can be packed at times because of its popularity and delicious dishes. The business hour is rather short considering it's closed at 8pm still during dinner time.
The food is as authentic as you can get. One of their special dessert is "Ropang". It's a grilled texas toast topped with chocolate sprinkles and grated cheese. Now take a minute and drool! This is why I come to this place. Their main dishes easily compete with other Indonesian restaurants in the area, but I must admit they are no less delicious and flavorful. My only wish is they add more selection to the appetizer list as it lacks the basics found in other places (i.e., "Batagor", etc.). My last visit was quite unsatisfactory as, in addition to not finding the appetizers I crave, some of the items in their Daily Special were finished and that special dessert was also finished.
Other than that, the service has always been superb. Staff have always been kind and attentive to the patrons. Delivery did not take too long and I have found no errors in any of my orders.
I'll probably come back here but not anytime soon. There are other places to try. However, I do recommend friends to try the delicious food this place has to offer.Did a take out here for the first time. Not too crazy over majority of the food. We ordered yellow rice, rendang over rice, rojak was watery and not tasty at all, fried noodle was not bad, sweet soy sauce pork over rice which was not good - the picture looked so good but not in reality. Price are reasonable for Philly. I may not return since I prefer the other indo restaurant in Philly.Excellent service. Food was delicious and cooked to perfection. Our server was very professional. I ordered the Mixed Vegetables w/ Seafood Rice, Stir Fried Flat Noodles, Colossal Shrimp, and Happy Mango to drink. Our food came out in a short amount of time. I love this place and will definitely be backStarted with Chicken Satay as appetizer, charred on the outside and juicy in the inside. Topped with peanut sauce and cucumber pickles.
Continue with entree, the GREEN noodle is superb!!! It's made from veggies 
I don't feel guilty with the carb I ate, because there is no carb, it's veggie noodle 
My second favorite entree is called Soto Betawi, broth made with mixed curry and coconut milk, filled with beef cube, beef tripe.. it's rich in flavor and super tasty.
Finish the meal with Ice shaved, sweet and refreshing.
This is a must place to visit when you are in the area.I love D'Jakarta. I have tried several Indonesian restaurants in Philly and this one is the best one. The one dish that really stands out is the minced shrimp fritter( Hekeng). I was nicely surprised to find this dish here. It is a famous Chinese Indonesian dish from Pontianak and you won't find it anywhere outside of Pontianak except at a couple of Pontianak restaurants in Jakarta. 
The Soto Betawi, pork satays, fried broad noodle( kwe tiau goreng), Ketoprak (Jakarta version of gado gado), Grilled fish and Nasi goreng are also amazing. 
Having grown up in Indonesia, I can assure you this place is as authentic as it gets.We heard about D'jakarta Cafe from JL Jupiter on YouTube. The place did not disappoint. We were sad to not be able to eat indoors, but they have great safety measures in place because of COVID. The food was amazing. Rich and flavorful. Tastes like we were invited into someone's home kitchen. We had the Nasi Rendang and Nasi Goreng Special. Both were phenomenal. Highly recommend seeking out this gem in Philly.I actually really enjoyed coming here! The service was a bit aloof but I honestly think it's cultural more than anything. I decided to jump out of my comfort zone and order the es cendol, which is a rice jelly drink with coconut milk, which reminds me of pandan if you've ever had it. Very Southeast Asian.
The stir-fried egg noodle dish (Bakmi Goreng Djakarta) was definitely the highlight for me of the things we ordered. I guess because it was familiar as far as Asian food goes. I also liked the Ketoprak, but I think because the flavor profile of that dish was more subtle, it kind of paled in comparison.
As a final dive, we tried the ropang, which is the most Asian thing I've ever eaten (and I ate a lot of strange combos in 5 months in Korea). It's literally shredded cheese on top of a Nutella grilled sandwich with sprinkles. It wasn't disgusting, but it's...definitely an acquired taste.
Look, I'm saying come here for good food and stepping out of your comfort zone because this isn't your neighborhood Chinese and Pho. We're in Philly!What a wonderful meal I had at D'jakarta Café - a corner Indonesian restaurant deep in South Philly.  I really liked everything about it.  Totally!  The food was very tasty beginning with the meatball soup in a chicken broth.  That was followed by a generous serving of Pangsit Goreng accompanied by a sweet chili sauce.  Now the main course of Bakmi Kecil was everything I like about Indonesian cuisine .... full of robust flavors & spices with meats and nuts and eggs and veggies over a bed of thin noodles.  Their house-made sambal was a perfect blend-in with this dish and a thickened soy sauce added just the right touch.  Service was extremely friendly and watchful .... water glass refilled, serviette replaced etc. And all the art work on the walls is cool - interesting photos and a commissioned wall-sized drawing of D'jakarta.
Now get this .... all this cost about ten dollars!  Talk about value for money!!  Five stars is an easy assignment for D'jakarta Cafe!!