We were staying in the neighborhood for a spontaneous holiday long weekend & found Daleng on Yelp. What a great discovery!! We had vegetarian spring rolls, chicken curry, beef with basil, and eggplant curry. The ingredients were fresh, the spicing rich & complex, and Phil, the host, was as friendly as could be. It's a friendly neighborhood place with really good pan-Asian food.Excellent food, quick stop by and sit in or takeout. The food was simple cheap and very good quality.Daleng was my Friday night savior.
After waiting more than an hour for food while I was at The Bar(n), I was starting to get annoyed. My friends had all eaten and I was getting weak. I pulled up Yelp and found this oasis. I called in my order and walked over to Daleng, arriving about 12 minutes before they closed. They had accidentally given my order to the delivery driver. The owner ran outside and retrieved my order while I washed my hands in the well maintained restroom. I returned to the counter with my order awaiting. They accommodated me with a plate and extra rice so that I could start calorie consumption ASAP. The meal hit the spot. I'm a fan of the reasonable prices, great customer service and clean, bright decor. I'll be back.5 stars because I can definitely see myself coming back regularly! The price is low, dishes simple but flavorful, staff friendly, and ambience casual and peaceful. You pay up front and grab water for yourself.
We ordered:
+ summer roll with shrimp (had just a hint of basil)
+ pepper steak with onions (I liked that the sauce wasn't heavy, tasted great with the rice it came with)
+ Singapore Mei fun (curry flavor was light, great blend of veggies with rice noods)
I also tried the Thai iced tea, which was a bit too sweet for me, but pretty ok! My boyfriend is a big fan of this place after our dinner tonight. The food is the kind of simple, no frills meal that my mom might make. Will definitely be back!Great new spot in the neighborhood! Beef spring rolls, Banh mi, chicken curry, and iced tea were spot on. The place smelled amazing and everyone was very friendly. Can't wait to try more of the menu!A sure five stars for being a wonderful spot all around! Daleng is a welcome addition to the West Philly neighborhood, with very friendly easygoing owners. They are a simple local establishment with a casual no-frills type of interior (including self-serve water and ordering at the counter), and can easily accommodate groups. It offers bargain prices for a variety of different Thai/Chinese/Cambodian food with solid portions - what more can you ask for? :) 
I had the garlic pork chops based on a friend's recommendation, and it was delicious!  Even though it was slightly salty (but I generally tend to find everything kinda salty), I really enjoyed my dish and the bites I had of my friends' as well. My friend especially loved his beef and carrot stew, and ate almost every last drop of it. 
I had heard about Daleng through friends at church, since our church is around the corner, and I'm so glad that so many of us are patrons of this local business for their delicious food now. We loved talking to the kind amiable owners, and plan on visiting again soon!I had Daleng's tom yum chicken stir fry with rice, and spring rolls tonight, and they were SO GOOD. My roommates got the Cambodian beef stir fry, spring rolls, and chicken pad Thai. I tried all of their foods, and everything was really delicious and flavorful. I've been so excited to try Daleng, and I was not disappointed at all. Exceeded my expectations on the quality of food, price, and portion. If you love Asian food, go check out Daleng! I highly recommend the tom yum chicken stir fry and spring rolls. Out of this world.The tofu pad thai was average. It lacked flavor and was cold by delievery. Probably won't order from here again without a Grubhub coupon.I really wanted to love this place. The reviews were all great. We need delicious Asian food in the neighborhood. Options are few and far between. Great foot traffic while we waited for our food. I ordered the veggie spring rolls, tilapia and shrimp pad Thai. It was all so meh. Everything was flavorless. Off night? Different cook? May give them another try given everyone else's stellar reviews but feeling like fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice...Do you like homemade? Look no further! 
Food - I ordered a basic pad thai and a strawberry smoothie so I already knew what to expect if it was gonna be good. The pad thai reminded me of home, not too dry and not too greasy, and the smoothie was made with real fruit, not that fake, overly sweet stuff you find in other places. I will have to try the kroeung another day, since the family is Cambodian.
People - VERY FRIENDLY!, engaging, knowledgeable, interesting family story (mom/chef is from Cambodia and lived through war times).
Ambience - The homey, family-owned business (spoiler: cause it is) kind of feel. 
Location - Nice, safe neighborhood close to UPenn; very accessible.One of my favorite new spots!  Love the smoothies, the rice vermicelli bowl, and the Tang Tang Chicken.  Ordering takeout is fast, they're very accommodating with any changes/delays, and the owners/staff go out of their way to make sure you're good to go.This place is certainly deserving of all the Yelp love. Incredibly friendly and kind staff, clean interior with plenty of seating, self-serve lemon water...and then there's the food! I usually don't write reviews after just one meal but my shrimp Pad Thai was excellent  especially with such a generous helping of shrimp. The food was super fresh and the prices are very reasonable. I don't live in this neighborhood but can definitely see myself making a trip out here to try some more of their dishes.Fantastic service and great food! They are very accommodating people and make really tasty noodle bowls.Great place in a great location.  Always fresh ingredients and nice portions of food served.  My on hiccup with this place would be the smoothies. I've tried them a few times and they are just not adding enough fruit.The Singapore noodles are amazing and the Thai tea with boba was scrumptious! The service was exceptionally fast! I will be ordering from this restaurant again!!!!!This is a great little corner Southeast Asian restaurant in West Philly - yeah it's just about a street or two beyond what you think of as University City.  No matter.  Prices are even cheaper as a result.  While the chef is Cambodian you'll also find Vietnamese. Thai, Malaysian, Singapore dishes on the menu as well.  Somehow they prepare all these different cuisines well.  Recently I enjoyed a very fine Cambodian beef kroeung stir fry and rice platter which was nicely sparked by a hot chili sauce.  For starters I ordered a chicken on a stick that came with a tasty sweet chili dipping sauce.  Everyone working here was full of smiles and very friendly.  The name Daleng is Cambodian for "Go have fun."  Sounds good to me!Everything here is really good. I love the banh mi, fried rice, Singapore noodles and the bitter sweet iced coffee. The restaurant is cute and clean.Daleng is a much needed spot in the neighborhood. I decided to give this place a try on a Thursday night, feeling too lazy to cook, and I am so glad that I did. They advertise themselves as a South Asian restaurant - serving an infusion of Thai, Vietnamese and Cambodian cuisines. The place is small but has plenty of seating and smells heavenly upon entering.  
The food here is delicious. Everything taste so fresh and flavorful. I tried the Cambodian Beef Kroueung Stir-fry. The flavors were so developed and complex - just the right amount of spicy, yet still savory and strong notes of lemongrass. 
The portion sizes are generous, and the prices are very reasonable. The staff is super friendly too, and are very accommodating of food allergies, which is a huge plus.  I look forward to returning for a second visit.Absolutely delicious!  Ordered the fried tilapia, tom yum shrimp fried rice, shrimp pad Thai, Cambodian beef, and beef chow fun!  My family and I finished everything to the last drip.  Every dish was packed with freshness and big flavors.  The dishes weren't as spicy as we hoped they'd be, but we learned after finishing the meal that we could increase the spice levels using a 1-10 spice scale.  The food came quickly and the staff was friendly and personable!   We will definitely be back again for the great food and the great service!The prices are amazing, the thai tea is amazing (you can specify the amount of sugar you'd like, too!), the banh mi are amazing, the entrees are amazing, overall AMAZING! The staff is extremely nice too. Definitely our new to-go spot.I am so happy Daleng came into West Philly neighbourhood! I literally go here almost every week. I love their Tang Tang Chicken, chicken fried rice, beef kroeung stir fry, vegetable curry, and various banh mi! Seriously, you can't really go wrong with this place. Fresh ingredients, great flavour, wonderful and friendly owners, and a clean space. I almost always get their Hong Kong milk tea. It tastes very similar to the real milk tea you get in Hong Kong and it's my treat every time I go there. I used to get cold, but I realized I like hot milk tea better. If you do go, make sure you try different dishes. This place isn't an Asian fusion place like other Asian restaurants. The owner actually lived in Cambodia, Vietnam, and Thailand, and she brings her special cooking skills to this restaurant.This place is amazing. Everyone who works there is so friendly, and the food incredible. It has become my new go-to spot far more often than I'd like to admit. The curry is absolutely delicious, and their noodle dishes are always perfectly cooked. Everything tastes like the best kind of home made.Great food! Great portion!  Phenomenal taste. Prompt delivery! I will definitely be ordering from here againMy son and I ate at Daleng yesterday. We were delighted to see something new there. The Cambodian aspect intrigued us. 
The food is delicious and the owners/managers were friendly and enthusiastic. I had the Cambodian Beef Kroeung Stir-fry, which was perfect: spicy with a taste of basil and the bell peppers were yummy. My son had the Tang Tang Chicken, which, we learned, was a secret recipe of the Cambodian woman who does most of the cooking (she, by the way, a refugee-survivor of the Cambodian genocide).
I can't wait to bring my wife next time, who will want to try the Eggplan & Veggie Curry.
The prices are modest, the space has been cleaned up and is simple and nicely lit. And, again, the proprietors are excited about what they're doing. Let's support them.A charming little establishment in west Philly with really hearty and comforting food. I came with a group of 8 and we all walked away very satisfied with both the food and service. The owner is very lovely and fun to talk to and was very attentive to us. The dishes are prepared one by one so she was very apologetic when the last one came out but it was well worth the wait.
I ordered the garlic pork chops...the pork was amazing. So tender and just the right amount of chew, almost melting in your mouth. The only beef I had with it was that it was a tad bit salty to my liking but they give you a generous portion of rice with it so eating it with the rice was fine. I picked off of my friend's platter which was the fried tilapia...that was bomb. The fish sauce that goes with the dish is out of this world - it's fancier and more flavorful and pairs well with the fish. Light and airy and not a fishy scent at all to the tilapia (and I don't normally prefer fish to pork but I convinced my friend to eat half of my dish so I could eat half of hers). 
Others among my group ordered the chicken wings and I didn't get a taste (too busy trying to finish my own...did I mention it's a generous helping?) but everyone liked what they ordered.
Definitely will come back again when I get the chance!I absolutely ADORE this restaurant. It has delicious food for a really great value. Dishes are made to order, the service is friendly, and the restaurant itself has lots of natural light. My husband and I really enjoyed our dinner there. We had the fried spring rolls, the beef satay, and the fried shrimp platter. Everything was delicious. The food feels like a hybrid of vietnamese, thai, and cambodian. Having been to both Vietnam and Thailand, I can say for sure that the flavors are very similar! Don't hesitate to check this place out!Friendly staff, had healthy wholesome options on the menu, and had good prices. We stopped while our car was being serviced at the Toyota dealers down the street and were pleasantly surprised. We will be back!this is probably one of the best thai restaurants i've ever eaten at. hands down, one of my favorite food spots in philadelphia. love the food, love the vibe, love the staff.This place is incredible. Came here last night and got the chicken and veggie curry and fried tilapia. The prices are the best I've seen for SE Asian food - its low enough to still be considered "fast-casual" prices which makes a big difference in how often I'll include a restaurant in my rotation. The food was amazing. The tilapia was thinly battered and fried served with a side sauce that was incredible. The curry had pretty equal portions of veggie and chicken which is important to me since I don't like those currys where its just all chicken and sauce. 
Will be here often.A couple of friends and I popped in for a quick bite on our way to the movies to celebrate my birthday. I got the Daleng fried shrimp with veggie fried rice, which came with a sweet, sour dipping sauce. The shrimp had a great crunch, and the fried rice was perfectly done with a lot of flavor and a great, chewy texture. The two people working behind the counter were genuinely friendly and asked about my day. I mentioned that it was my bday celebration and the manager (not sure)  came out at the end of our meal with a strawberry ice cream sandwich--cut into threes for my friends and me--with a candle on top. He even apologized for only having an ice cream sandwich, as if it wasn't already a wonderfully thoughtful gesture. The ice cream sandwich was pretty good, I might get it the next time I'm in here and craving ice cream. This is the kind of neighborhood place that feeds your belly and your soul. I'm going to keep going back and giving my business to Daleng!Our food was incredibly tasty and reasonably priced. The restaurant itself is very clean, and the owners are nice and will go out of their way to make you smile.
This is a welcomed addition to the neighborhood, and I can't wait to return soon.Very good for the price, friendly owners and just the type of small business I root for to succeed...  it looks clean and the ingredients are fresh and tasty.   So my initial mini review is all positive despite the semi-sketch hood and lack of soup on the menu.   Check it out W. Philly and let me know how it goes!Loved this place - great food and the staff is very friendly and attentive.  Highly recommend.Quite a nice find! Good prices and tasty food (ordered the beef fried rice). The staff are really attentive and friendly. Would recommend!What a tasty addition to the West Philadelphia neighborhood! The food is all so flavorful... Honestly, you can't go wrong with any of your choices here. In addition, the service is consistently friendly and welcoming. I will be returning shortly :)Great food! Great service! Fiance' loved his Singapore noodles- the tofu on it was perfect. The homemade, dressed up fish sauce was a nice touch with my tilapia.  The accompanying vegetables were fresh. My fried rice was the perfect texture.  My avocado shake we a perfect 10. Phi came out to check on us. The guy working the counter as friendly. I love supporting small businesses and this is exactly why. We will be returning!Food-wise - delectable, distinctive flavors. We got the Cambodian beef kroeung stir-fry, the eggplant and tofu curry, and the Singapore noodles. Enjoyed all of them, but especially the melt-in-your-mouth vegetables and the al dente nature of the tofu and noodles in the Singapore noodle dish (thankfully wasn't over-spiced the way it is at many places). Satisfying portions that aren't too heavy and are good for sharing.
Outside the food - super clean place and well lit; new shop (their dessert menu's not up and running yet, but they say it's coming over the next few months); friendly and responsive owner and employees in this family-owned spot. Street parking is pretty easy to find. Mostly small tables but there's room for a larger party (8-10ish) too.
Would definitely come back!We went here for dinner on a Thursday night. It was delicious! We both lived in Cambodia for a spell and found out the owner is Cambodian. I had the beef kroeung and my husband the chicken vegetable curry. Both were delicious. Definitely a great addition to the neighborhood. Sadly they are not BYOB bit hopefully in the future.My mom and I have come here for takeout a few times but finally sat in for a meal. My mom got beef kroeung stir fry, and I got the pan-seared chicken thighs with vegetable fried rice. My mom ordered her beef kroeung to be a bit spicier than default and she loved the flavors. She could tell the ingredients were fresh with clear tamarind, lemongrass, Thai basil, etc. that came through and offered well rounded flavor notes. The pan-seared chicken thighs were crisp on the outside and moist on the inside and also very flavorful. The fried rice was not overly greasy and the rice had perfect texture. I also loved the inclusion of fish sauce and pickled vegetables.
For drinks, I got the Thai tea and my mom ordered Hong Kong milk tea. We specified we wanted less sugar, and the sweetness level was perfect. In the past we have gone to this place for takeout and can attest that all their entrees are of similar quality. Tastes like home cooked food! Not to mention the owners are very nice, personable, and accommodating. This is our go-to Southeast Asian spot outside of South Philly!The food here is soooo good! We got the pork chops and Delang shrimp. Fried rice on the side. We murdered EVERYTHING then ordered 2 extra platters to go! Such great service and so worth trip. It was also priced really really well. Girls lunch was a major success.Beware whoever is in the kitchen has a heavy hand when it comes to heat. We ordered our pad Thai medium and they were Xtra spicy. To me spice levels are usually no spice, mild which is a little spice, medium somewhere in btwn, hot which is full on spice and xtra spicy which is for insane people. My spice tolerance is not that low, I eat bahn mi with jalapeños and order everything at every Thai, Cambodian, Chinese, schezuan, Vietnamese, Indian and Eithiopian "medium" but this was inedible. We took a couple bites and were dying. Also the pad Thai didn't have enough sauce it was dry, the chicken was try and undercooked and it was a little bland, maybe because all we were tasting was spice but it could have used some more sugar, lime, tamarind, fish sauce, peanut, herbs etc. very disappointed for $35 worth of food, crispy spring rolls were fine and summer rolls were actually decent.
Everything was as painful going out as it was going in if you know what I mean. And it tore up my stomach. The last time this happened to me I ate a ghost pepper and was in agony for hours.I've only tried the shrimp banh mi (because they were sold out of the traditional), but I'm coming back as often as I can. The bread is the perfect mix of crunchy crust and chewy crum, the ingredients are high quality, and flavors are balanced beautifully. Plus, the price is really good!I live across the street from this place and the food is always wonderful. I love the veggie rolls as well as their pad thai. The curry chicken is also lovely. They also make fruit smoothies in the morning, which is clutch before a day of work or school. I'll keep coming back for more!Ordered for take out and went to pick it up. When I walked in, the most obvious thing was that the portions are way bigger if you eat in. The food on the menu is from multiple areas in Asia, and I loved being able to dip my banh mi into a thai curry with so many veggies and pieces of beef. It was surprisingly spicy which was exactly what I asked for. The banh mi was better than I've had in a while, with the fresh vegetables and the jalapenos making it crisp, and the pork flavors and bread made me crave another. Not too expensive of an option compared to other Thai places.
Came again and ate in-- the portions were bigger and the pad thai was on point! Will be my go to place for refreshing sandwiches this summer.The food was really good and fresh. The fried shrimp were really crispy and the dipping sauce was awesome. It was a real cute little place. The shrimp fried rice was really flavorful. I would definitely come back.This place is hands down amazing. I will admit the appetizers are not the best but everything else is great. The Banh Mi sandwiches are some of my favorite sandwiches in the city and that's saaying something. Do yourself a favor and try one. You will not be disappointed.A very nice surprise in west philly. Spring rolls and shrimp pad Thai were delicious. Next time I'll ask for the pad Thai to be a little spicier,  it it was still great.Cute little family own restaurant. Small menu but it's pretty good. I really like their Thai curry chicken. Because with the spice level. They make it really spicy if you ask them. Overall great food. Excellent price, also great service. Don't order the Thai tea. It's not very good.Amazing little gem in the area. If you have been to university city or West Philly, you will realize how rare it is to find Southeast Asian cuisines. Most of the market are Chinese. This place deserve a star just for existing. At Daleng's, you can get Thai, Vietnamese and Cambodian food, and all for a bargain.
This restaurant itself is small but comfortable. The staff were very friendly and helpful with the menu. We opted for chow fun with beef in gravy, chicken and veggie curry, pork egg rolls, a small and a large Thai tea with one can of chrysanthemum tea. So first of all, let's talk about how much that cost us. We had an order of 5 egg rolls plus the chow fun and curry with rice with one thai tea at the restaurant and two drinks to go. All that for 2 people was $32!! How do you beat this price? An amazing deal!
The chow fun was pretty good, the gravy was sweet and savory without overpowering. The beef was tender and they gave just the right amount of food. The curry was very pleasant, it was light and I don't mean in flavor, it felt light and good unlike some curry where it's heavy and thick. The flavor was more akin to massaman curry but more soupy. The egg rolls were super crunchy and spanking hot. It was such a deal to get 5 egg rolls for 4.75. Most Vietnamese places charge $5 for 2!
The chef came out to check on us multiple times and made sure we felt at home. A rarity for the location, great authentic food, awesome services and cheap eats. While there may be a lot of good restaurants around town, on this block, Daleng is the best and is highly recommended.got pad thai / eggplant curry / veggie spring rolls as take out. The service was courteous and fast. The food was ok for the price. Nothing spectacular.Daleng is a small takeout-esque restaurant in West Philly. From the outside, it doesn't look that impressive, but don't let that fool you; the food is quite good.
The inside of Daleng resembles a take out place. You get menus at the counter and you place and pay for your orders there. Water and utensils are self-serve on the side. The decor, however, is much nicer than any takeout place I've been to. It feels very modern and clean. You can comfortably sit down and eat with up to a group of 6 by my estimation with a few smaller sized groups thrown in.
The food is very cheap and you get a considerable amount for what you pay. My friend and I ordered the pork egg rolls, chicken and veggie curry, and Singapore Mei Fun all for ~$21.00. The pork egg rolls were nice and crispy. They were actually made with real spring roll wrappers, ground pork, and vermicelli, a nice change from the thick greasy spring rolls you get at your typical Chinese takeout place. The chicken and veggie curry and the Singapore Mei Fun were also quite good. The chicken in the curry was quite tender, and the noodles of the Mei Fun had a nice texture. My one complaint about those dishes was that they could've had a little bit more flavor, but I guess there's always sriracha sauce for that. 
The staff at Delang were also very nice and attentive. All in all, it was a great dining experience (minus the gusts of cold wind that came in when the door opened). I would go back for seconds.Ordered fried veggie rolls, chicken pad Thai, and tang tang wings for takeout. Everything was delicious and packaged really well. The portion sizes were really generous. Definitely adding this to my regular takeout optionsThis is such an awesome spot! Tasty, affordable food with outstanding service... what is there not to like? I had trouble deciding what to eat this Saturday when I came across Daleng in my bookmarks. It was a bit out of the way, but I'm glad we made the trek. 
The food was delicious! The crispy pork spring rolls were indeed very crispy. The filling was pretty standard and reminiscent of egg rolls (not Vietnamese style as in the menu description), but the whoever wrapped these should get an award for creating the most tightly wrapped and perfectly cylindrical spring rolls out there. They are fried so evenly that the the level of crispiness is uniform throughout the entire roll. They were good with the sweet and spicy sauce provided. 
The entrees were also very good. Michael F and I shared the Daleng Fried Shrimp and the Eggplant & Veggie Curry. Both items came with a generous portion of rice. The fried shrimp (10 pieces) was very crispy, while the curry had a decent amount of veggies immersed in a flavorful coconut curry sauce, which went well with the rice. 
To complement our meal, we got Thai milk tea and Hong Kong milk tea (with tapioca balls). Both were good. Curious, I also got a can of sugar cane drink; it tastes like sugar syrup and water, but was cool to try. They also have other Asian drinks in their cooler, such as chrysanthemum tea (which I recommend!). All of the entrees are under $10. Definitely adding this to my list of regular restaurants!Absolutely phenomenal ! By far my favorite spot in West Philly. The Thai Tom Yum fried rice is definitely my favorite. Service is great and very friendly staff.Stopped at Daleng for dinner tonight with my daughter. The place is warm and inviting and home-y. (I wish I hadn't forgotten my phone...I don't have photos).  I ordered the thai tom yum chicken and my kid had the vietnamese vermicille noodle bowl. Both were flavorful and satisfying. The chicken on the stick with peanut sauce to start was also a winner. They also have a decent variety of drinks and fruit smoothies. My Vietnamese iced coffee was delicious as was my daughter's strawberry-mango smoothie. The staff is hospitable and accomodating. This is a sweet spot. We'll be back to try more.Food was fresh, the taste of everything I've tried here was on point. Thumbs up to the wings, porkchops, pad Thai, spicy fried rice and spring rolls.I didn't have the pleasure of eating in the actual restaurant but if the experience inside is anything like takeout, I will definitely be visiting soon. I ordered the wings with fried rice and the Tang Tang wings. Both were crispy, fried to perfection and delicious. If you prefer more of a plain, dry chicken, the plain wings are your choice. Paired with the fried rice, it was a great combination. The fried rice tasted like it was made with love. Not saturated with soy sauce or excessive salt. The Tang Tang wings were the perfect combination of sweet and tangy! When the food arrived it was nice and hot. If a restaurant impressed you with takeout you know it will be good inside.We are not fans of places that advertise multiple ethnic cuisines under one roof. These "Chinese/Japanese/Thai/Vietnamese/Malaysian" eateries with expansive menus are akin to an individual who is a jack of all trades but master of none. But........every once in a while we come across a joint that proves all our preconceived notions wrong. Daleng is a prime example of such a restaurant in Philadelphia.
We walked in sans expectations for dinner with our family and were blown away by how legit each dish tasted (despite the diversity in the menu offerings). The summer rolls tasted as good as a Vietnamese place. The Tom Yum Fried Rice could easily beat some of versions that we've had at Thai places. The Tang Tang Chicken and the Pan Roasted Chicken Thighs were delectable. The Eggplant & Veggie Curry was extremely flavorful and easily the star of the evening. The Singapore Mei Fun had a rustic home-style curry flavor. We barely had any left overs at the end of the day.
On our way out, we asked curiously on how they managed to get all the flavors spot on and we were told that the chef was born in Cambodia, raised in Vietnam and has traveled through south-east Asia. A gifted individual, she has mastered a wide array of south-east Asian dishes and prepares home-style renditions. The seating arrangement is functional and limited so it can be a challenge accommodating very large groups in a cozy space. We eagerly look forward to our next visit.This was my first time at Daleng and the first time I ate a Cambodian dish. The food was excellent and the service very friendly and fast. I will definitely be back.A great addition to the neighborhood. I lived a few blocks away and visited several times over a year long period. Great food at an even better price. I've had the Tom Yum Fried Rice, Tang Tang Wings, Curry, and the Beef Chow Fun. I would recommend them all. The service is quick and the staff are all super friendly. More people need to get out and support this family business.Trying hard to be your corner Thai-Cambodian restaurant that hits the spot but not dead center. 
The pork chop was marinated really well and cooked perfectly. The $1.50 extra paid to sub beef fried rice instead of the standard jasmine rice was okay. The fried rice tasted like fried rice with beef instead of beef fried rice where I expected the flavors to be better infused throughout the fried rice. Maybe I've been spoiled too much by places that does that well. We also had the Singapore mei fun which had great curry flavor. It seemed to be the dry as opposed to wet type (no sauce versus saucy). Not being prepared for that put a slight ding with the dish. That being said it was very tasty with the right amount of zing and spices. 
What slightly threw the dead center hit was that the genuinely friendly staff could not compensate for the eat-in area. It could be more welcoming. There were enough misses in the eat-in area to be noticeable and smudge the overall eating experience. One of the easiest fix is to filter the self-serve water or filter it better. I've had Philly tap water before and it's been fine before but what we had to drink was not something I would ever want to drink again.Definitely a place with great taste at such great value.
I've always gotten the fried chicken with pork fried rice combo.....which has always been consistently good.  Everything is fresh and made to order.  The price is so very reasonable also.  Definitely affordable, which making daily consistent trips do-able.
My friends usually get the tangtang chicken and friend rice, which is also very good.
Another "go to" is their smooties!  they use real fresh fruits, with a choice of regular milk, almond or soy milk.  It takes them a little while to make but definitely worth it...within the west philly area!One word: perfection.
I love this neighborhood gem and eat here pretty much once a week. I've made it a point to work my way through the menu and have yet to find a dish that I dont enjoy. All of the flavors come through in just the right intensity. Textures are on point. And the owners plus staff/family are warmhearted, fun people who are up for a chat. I truly love this place in every way.
Thank you, Daleng!I got the pan roasted chicken thighs with fried egg and it was amazing! I was surprise to get that much protein but do regret paying 2.50 for a fried egg... I could have cracked it myself other places only charge a $1-1.50 max. But the chicken was really tender and had a lot of flavor. The rice was really well seasoned as well and not over cooked of undercooked. The food also came neatly packaged which made me happy bc the content all stayed in tact. You honestly don't even need the sauce because overall everything goes well with each other.  The delivery was also on time which had me satisfied as my food was no wear near soggy. Will definitely order from here again.A cool find! I've driven down Walnut St before but never really noticed this place. When I googled 'thai food near me' this place was one of the first restaurants that popped up. Short menu but everything is well made and well seasoned!! We ordered shrimp summer rolls, Thai tom yum chicken (served with white rice) and chicken & veggie curry (served with white rice). We were very pleased to get so much food for just $20. We will be ordering from them again!! Also the staff were super friendly.We had a culinary and cultural experience that exceeded any expectations!!!
My friend and I felt like having Asian, but not sure what type of Asian?Searching West Philly area restaurants we stumbled on reviews of Daleng, noting its mix of Vietnamese, Cambodian and Laotian food. That caught my curiosity and noting it was at the perimeter of West Philly's dining neighborhoods only made it more intriguing. 
Well, we had a culinary and cultural experience that exceeded any expectations.
The setting is nice, clean and above all, friendly. Not a lot of tables, but people were coming in and out while we dined. The people serving could not have been friendlier, offering to explain the options available to us. We brought our wine and were immediately offered wine glasses along with the friendly table greeting.
We started with their "crispy veggie spring rolls" at $3.50 for 3 or $5.50 for 5. Served hot with a nice sauce, they were a great beginning.
We then moved to main courses. The Cambodian Kroeung Stir-Fry was my choice and eating vegetarian, it was filling and excellent, at $9.50.  One could also order it with chicken, beef, pork or shrimp. I ordered it spicy and now that I have been there, would risk even going hotter. My partner had a chicken stir fry with vegetables which she also very much enjoyed.
The food was great, the prices very reasonable, but the highlight of the evening in addition to the warm service throughout, was upon our departure. We asked about the restaurant and learned that the people we were speaking to were all Cambodian-Americans of Chinese descent. The chef was a survivor of the Pol Pot regime in Cambodia and after living thru that horror, went from country to country until she received refugee status to come to the US. In her years of traveling, she picked up the different styles of cooking and thus, the wonderful flavors at Daleng. The other family members are graduates of such esteemed universities as Penn State and Drexel, having earned their academic credits in tech and working during the day in their areas of specialty, but in the evenings and weekends, put their energies together to have built this treasure of great Asian cooking. I thought this is but one of many examples we find in America of immigrants bringing their best to our shores and making America the great country it is. If only Trump were to visit such a place, he would understand one doesn't need to make America great again, it already is!  
The people at Daleng are examples of that and bring us a wonderful spirit and of course, great dining. I plan to be a regular and strongly encourage others, as well!So good. Got take out tonight and it was such a great decision. I got the chicken and vegetable curry, extra spicy and the tang tang chicken. The curry is a spicy item on their menu so when I asked for extra spice they requested a number from 1 to 10. I asked for an eight and an eight it was. It was delicious. Flavorful, peanut-y and the perfect heat. The tang tang chicken was good as well. Such good  flavor. Not really crispy, which was off-putting at first, but that concern melted away when my mouth was delighted with flavor. I made a note to keep this in mind more for take out. (Although, the place is really sweet, so dining in is good too.) It's delicious. I also need to mention how friendly the staff is. It's a sweet spot. And I was told when I went to pick up my food that they are currently working on opening a bar in the back. I'm excited for that. This is a great spot. Try it.Only been here once so far, but it was on a Saturday evening. The place was pretty empty so I was a little skeptical of the friend who took me here. The interior was typical Asian restaurant in terms of furniture and fixtures, so it already felt comfortable. We were told to seat ourselves so we grabbed a table near the back. The waitress instantly came out with waters and asked if we needed anything else to drink while we looked over the menu. During the whole experience, she was really attentive and friendly.
We only ordered a couple of the bahn mi but those sandwiches were so amazing! I'd missed a good bahn mi since I'd moved to Europe for the past year, so to have a place that's so friendly with quick service and great bahn mi feels amazing. The bread is the right texture, the head cheese and ham are great, and the pickled veggies are the perfect flavor and texture. I'm actually looking forward to going back to get them the next time I'm in the neighborhood.Had pretty high expectations for this place seeing all the high ratings and have to say it 100% met them.
It looks like most of their business comes from pickup or takeout but we happily sat in. The restaurant itself is small but cute with string lights attached across the ceiling. The staff are super friendly and were extremely attentive. 
We ordered the shrimp pad Thai, Hong Kong milk tea, and the Cambodian stir fry vegetarian with tofu (you have to ask for no fish sauce!!). My friend loved her pad thai, which looked like it had more soy sauce than the traditional pad thai you'd see at Thai Singha or Pattaya.
The Hong Kong milk tea is arguably the best we've had in Philly. It was rich and stronger, but not too sweet and the boba was delicious. 
I ordered the stir fry medium spicy but will definitely do a 7-8 next time instead of 5 (out of 10)! It was still absolutely delicious especially the peanut and lemongrass flavors combined. 
Next time I'm going to try the noodles and she'll get the tang tang chicken.
Also price-wise each dish is ~$10 including tax for a significant portion.This place is a gem! The menu is awesome the food and people are great. Everything on the menu is delicious. You will NOT be disappointedI went in today for a quick lunch. I ordered tofu banh mi - it's not on their menu, but i thought I'd just ask. The waiter said they could definitely make it, they recently updated their menu and it's incomplete. The banh mi was good! Made with mayonnaise and the bread was toasted crispy. 
The place is small but nicely kept, clean and comfortable, good for quick lunches and small groups (2-4). 
Interesting thing on the menu: You can choose spice level 1-10.
I'll definitely come back again!Super cute & clean inside. Found this place on a Door Dash... but it was very local so I walked & saw inside. The Pad Thai was amazing.. I have been looking for a new place for it & haven't been able to find a tasty place since relocating, will definitely be ordering again.Great food, great service, great people. Went with a friend to catch up and the employees were so nice! They checked in, gave us suggestions, and had nice small talk. The wings were perfectly fried, crispy and a nice flavor. The pho and veggie dish were also good. The location is small so not good for larger groups. Nice touch with the plants. Food came out quick. Definitely want to go back.The food is delicious and consistent.  This place is a great addition to the neighborhood and would eat here every night if the week if I could. They have been open for take-out during the pandemic so let's support them.Delicious food and friendly staff!! Great price for a generous portion. One of my favorite spots!What a great little restaurant!
I ordered the pan-seared garlic pork chop and really enjoyed it.  The meat was very tender and flavored really well.  I also tried the Tang Tang chicken.  This had a really delicious sauce.  LOVED it.  And for the price, this place is great place to grab a mealOrdered pickup from this place. The pan roasted chicken thighs were perfectly cooked with tons of flavor. Fairly priced and quickly prepared for pickup. Love the Asian fusion they do here that doesn't feel Americanized. 
A nice gem in West Philly, will most definitely be back!There is a new restaurant at the corner of 47th and Walnut that serves Vietnamese, Thai, and Cambodian cuisine. While it may seem tough to specialize in such a diverse range of foods, Daleng seems to do it and do it well. We went with a party of six (four adults and two kids). There's not a ton of seating, but we were able to obtain two four-seat tables for our group. 
We tried a couple of Thai dishes including Pad Thai. Very good. Very authentic. Also, we tried the Tang Tang chicken wings and Daleng Shrimp. The wings were a nice sweet & spicy, but the shrimp was pretty much just fried breaded shrimp in dipping sauce. The Bun (Vietnamese rice vermicelli) was probably the worst of our entrees. It wasn't bad, but the noodles were a little harder than I prefer. 
What makes this restaurant so worth visiting? The staff is very down to earth. You'll keep coming back and get to know the staff over time. The prices are more than reasonable, as all of our dishes were $8 or $8.50. Portion sizes are huge. If you want good food at very reasonable prices, check out Daleng. 
Just an FYI, water and utensils are self-serve.Daleng is amazing. Really sweet staff and simple, good, affordable food.Open during COVID-19! I was craving Thai food and wanted to try out a new restaurant. Daleng did not disappoint. I order the Pad Thai, Tom Yum fried rice, and Tom Yum stir fry. I got the Pad Thai with level 3 spice and it was so spicy! I am generally able to handle spicy foods, but this was on the edge of too spicy. Just beware when asking for the dishes to be spicy! The Tom Yum fried rice had good flavor, but could use more of that fried oniony taste. And the the Tom Yum chicken stir fry was tasty and went well with the rice. Both of those dishes weren't spicy although it was noted as spicy on the menu. Next time I'm craving Thai, I will be back!