I am eating here now.  The portions are small find any local Italian restaurant and you will be better for it. Sorry this was a venture in fresh pasts bu I'm not seeing the value.No meats in pasta menu, which are great but are a bit unusual for a non-vegetarian place. The meals are definitely overpriced for the size they serve and how the ingredients are put together.Ordered the cacio de pepe it was extremely salty and inedible. I feel the price point is expensive for pasta. Likely will not return.
UPDATE:
The owner kindly reimbursed my check.  I will give this a place a second try.What an interesting concept - fast pasta! Was quite good. 
Very nice clean interior with a completely visible kitchen behind a glass pane. Nice touch screen ordering system that is simple to navigate and use. Good amount of options, although some of the names are not super descriptive (I'm sure they're accurate/authentic, but didn't help me figure out what it was). I had the gnocchi which was quite good. Even though it came out in a paper bowl, the presentation was nice with a basil leaf on top. The waitress who brought it out was SO nice. The most genuine smile ever and she joked with us a bit. She also said Thank You on the way out and she made the whole thing seem like a very personal experience even though its a very modern restaurant with minimal interaction with anyone. I think the prices are quite reasonable. I got a good amount of food, its fresh pasta, and its definitely cheaper than a sit down Italian restaurant.  
It was a hot day out and it was pretty warm inside. Since you pay ahead of time they ask for a tip before you've even interacted with anyone, which I thought was strange. 
Its not going to be the BEST pasta you've ever had in Philly. But if you're look for definitely above average quality pasta with nice options and quick service, can't go wrong with this place.Tasty with ample portion sizes and easy ordering. Smells heavenly when you enter. No frills in the dining room but delicious food awaits.So good!! The staff was so nice & the owners were there talking with everyone, making sure that we all enjoyed our food. The pasta was amazing & authentic. Definitely recommend!!A friend and I came here around noon and there was a serious lunch hour rush!! Thankfully, we found seats at the window. We ordered the Cacio e Pepe and Tagliatelle Bolognese to split (regular size for each) and it was plenty. The only other fast-casual pasta spot I could compare it to is Piada, but in terms of quality this place is far superior. Out of the two, I'd recommend the Cacio e Pepe if you love a decadent cream sauce. 10/10 would come back again.Clean, simple, tasty, homemade pasta, cooked al dente, reasonable price, delicious tiramisu!
My only suggestion to the restaurant would be substitute the plastic utensils by reusable/recicle ones.Went for an early dinner yesterday.  Staff and owners are super nice.  Food is authentic with fresh pasta and vibrant flavors which are served piping hot off the stove. I also love that customers can see the cooking process. Nice and clean ambiance as well. The owner/staff were even nice to offer a complimentary Italian chocolate confetti candy which was delicious.  I will def be back for a pasta fix.Good place for pasta in Philly. The pasta is mildly too al dente although still good. I found it pricey considering what you get especially since I just visited little Italy in NYC 2 days before. However better than another Italian restaurant I just tried the night before.SO SO SO GOOD!!! I got the Ragu Bolognese.  Perfectly seasoned. Freshest pasta. I went back and got another bowl for lunch the next day. Amazing service. Highly recommend.The cacio e pepe is packed with flavor - perhaps a bit too overwhelming and pricey for my personal taste, but I give it 4 stars because they're nice, extremely fast, and the establishment is clean.  The pasta is definitely very fresh.This is a generous three stars only because the owners are kind and earnest and are trying an interesting concept. Was just in Florence where the most popular restaurant was called Pasta Lab so maybe it's a "thing". My gripe is if your going to offer only a few pastas and charge sit-down prices it better be amazing. We both had the cacio e pepe which should be pecorino and pepper with just enough past water to coat the noodles. Mine was soupy watery mess. The pasta itself was very good and cooked perfectly al dente. We also had the caprese salad which was....good and also $14. So for two pastas a salad and two waters its around $50 AND your eating out of a paper cup at one of the few tables/counter.  I hope they do well but not sure I'll be backI love this place!!!!! A cross between a restaurant and fast food, each dish takes several minutes until ready, but worth the few extra moments for a freshly made bowl of heaven. The cacio e pepe and lasagna are equally amazing. A bit more pricey than I would like but I assume that's the cost necessary to support fresh ingredients and preparation. Will be back over and over. Plus the owners are usually present and super friendly!The Place:
DaMo is a "pasta lab" currently in it's soft opening in Center City, apparently going for the fast casual space by offering fresh authentic pasta very quickly.
We visited the restaurant and ordered their Bolognese, lasagna, and focaccia - the Three Horsemen of "authentic" Italian, and were thoroughly impressed.
Although the place was mostly empty, it was still quite amazing to see all this prepared in only a few minutes -- we went from our apartment a block away and got back within 12 minutes -- without needing microwaves or anything like that. And from the kiosk-based self-service, it seems they are well prepared to scale the speed with the demand as they settle in.
For those apprehensive about the price (our meal was ~$50 incl. tip) I would look at this place more like an alternative to an actual Italian restaurant rather than, say, a Chipotle, as the quality and quantity of the food certainly justified the price in our eyes.
The Food:
- Focaccia: well-seasoned with olives and tomatoes baked in, creating excellence flavor. I would advise throwing it in the oven to liven it up a little, but for takeout the bread held up very well
- Bolognese: the pasta is obviously the star of this place. It was incredibly fresh and vastly better than your garden variety Italian place, comparable to a $$+ authentic restaurant. The sauce took second stage to the pasta, but was certainly good enough to not leave any behind
- Lasagna: GET IT. RIGHT NOW. The lasagna was truly astounding. The pasta was fresh and tasty, but the ricotta was the real hero of the dish. In a world where most lasagna is a microwaved disgrace, this was a welcome change of pace
We definitely recommend DaMo and can't wait for the full menu!Very delicious food, for a fast food pasta place. Ridiculously overpriced and tiny portions though. Fast, tasty, fresh, but costs a fortune for the fast food environment.Worth a try if you're in the area for a 'snack' or a 'small lunch' because it is good pasta but if you have a huge appetite you'll leave this place looking for another meal. The portions are small, and the presentation/container could be better especially for the price.Portions for the price point are not it. Not the best lasagna either but I respect the concept. The small portion was not filling, but then again maybe it's because I'm used to bigger portions and it's in the center of the city.I absolutely love pasta so I had to check this place out. I went back in June, got the tagliatelle al ragu' bolognese, and it somehow ran me up $22.09?
Maybe living in NYC ruined me, but for $22.09 in NYC, I could get Taglierini with Squid Ink Sauce and Calamari. I could get Pasta with Sicilian Sardines, Pine Nuts, Sultana Raisins and Wild Fennel. Paying $22.09 for a good but ultimately very ordinary-tasting bowl of pasta with some kind of ground beef and tomato sauce definitely felt kind of gimmicky.
Fast food pasta is a great idea. Service was fast and friendly, and I love the iPad ordering option. If this place was half the price, I would definitely go all the time. Right now it's just ridiculous because I can get better food for much cheaper.Saw this place walking down 12th street and stopped in with a friend of mine. The owners are very kind and genuine, and the gnocchi sorrent was to die for. Amazing food, it was not bland Americanized Italian food at all- it really is authentic Italian! 10/10 will recommend to all my friends!Exceptional pasta and clear passion from the two owners - these guys know good food and are doing it right. What a great concept - I was in and out of there in less than 15 minutes and had a bowl of delicious Orecchiette with Cimi di Rapa sauce. Nice size portions too! 
Will definitely be back!Tried DaMo today with my four coworkers. We all loved our pasta dishes! The gnocchi with Genovese sauce, Parmigiano cheese and black pepper was fantastic!  The sauce was so good, after the cloud-like gnocchi was gone, I drank it like soup!
We also had the Tonnarelli Cacio E Pepe, where the melted Pecorino Romano cheese created an Alfredo-like sauce. Delicious.
Also demolished were the Casarecce Al Pomodoro and Ragu Bolognese.
Four happy ladies didn't speak during lunch, except to continually say, "This is so good, try more of mine!"
Can't wait to explore more of the menu!This was a very intriguing establishment. It's not something I've ever experienced before so I'd almost give it 4 stars for that- I've only been here once but I will let you know what I think once I've been back again. The pasta is good and flavorful, cooked the right amount with good seasoning, in an inventive setting a la Sweetgreen/Honeygrow. Curious!Best pasta I've ever had in my life! Try mezze pasta and caprese! Great location, very light and clean!Was really not impressed. Pasta is simply not meant for being made fast casual. Just feels overpriced and cheaply done.So I'm on call tonight, and the attending offers to buy my intern and I dinner. He said he wanted to check out this pasta place, and I'm not one to try out new places and for free meals. So walking in, this place is modern and bright. I was a little concerned at first since it was empty on a Friday night at prime dinner hour. Then again, who knows. Maybe there are a ton of online orders. I got the tagliatelle with ragu. You get to watch them cook it in real time. Service was ridiculously fast. In terms of taste, the pasta was al dente and tasted fresh. The sauce was flavorful and they did not skimp on meat. The price was comparable to a sit down restaurant. To be honest, I've been to some "authentic" restaurants, and DaMo has tasted better. It's a bit on the pricier side to eat daily, but I would definitely come back to try other items on the menu.Bon!!!! What can I say, I was a Tomaso when it came to thinking fast-casual pasta could be delicious - I needed to try it to believe it! 
Allora, I went. I was suspicious of the price given the setting. $13 for to-go pasta is quite expensive, considering this is a price comparable to Zavino, Gran Caffe L'Aquila, or that excuse of an Italian restaurant called Little Nonna's.
The tagliatelle, gnocchi, and casarecce had magnificent texture and flavor. The pesto was brilliant, bright, and flavorful. The gnocchi pomodoro was light and filling at the same time. I must agree with the other yelper that the bolognese is perhaps their weakest aspect. 
The build your own pasta is a nice touch, however, I felt like my options were limited... I'm sure it will expand as they become more established.
To really top it all off, it does not get more authentic than the owners, Danilo and Monica, hailing from Abruzzo and Roma, unfortunately, supporters of trash soccer clubs like Juventus and Roma.
I will forgive them because their pasta is so damn tasty. A great addition to the food scene in center city. Definitely recommend!I enjoy this eatery very much! I've been visiting once per week for the past 3 weeks, and I can see this continuing indefinitely lol. The restaurant is clean and lovely, the staff are very friendly and helpful, and the meal I keep coming back for cures my oh so often pasta/sauce/cheese craving. 
I always order the CASARECCE AL POMODORO with extra buffalo cheese. The regular size is perfect for my lunch break. It's piping hot, burns my tongue but that's no one's fault but my own. I simply have no patience when the food is placed in front of me lol.
I appreciate that this place exists, and maybe one day I'll give the pesto a try. But if it's not broken, I won't fix it! I'm sure everything is delicious here :)Best cacio e pepe I have ever had. The tonnarelli is made fresh in-house every morning and you can actually taste the freshness. Not only is it perfectly al dente but the fresh quality leaves your tongue tingly after each bite. Dried pasta does NOT like this! I've also had cacio e pepe in the past where the sauce was so heavy that I grew tired of it halfway through the dish. Not here. The sauce is a perfect balance of pecorino romano and black pepper and just light enough that I am still thinking about it hours later. 
I see complaints about the price point. BS. For the quality of the food it is 100% justified. Do your tastebuds a favor and get some of this jawn ASAP.We found this, thanks to Yelp, after visiting The National Constitutes Center. It was so good and I really hope they'll be hugely successful!  Walking in, we immediately noticed how good it smelled. We were greeted by friendly staff and one employee explained how the process works. My husband and I decided to share a large order of the Bolognese. The fresh pasta was delicious, as was the sauce. We also had a piece of focaccia bread. This was just ok; I think it would benefit from being served warm (tasted fine but as if it were sitting for a bit). The food comes out quickly. There's not much seating, so most people probably do go with takeout here (we ate in though). This was delicious. If I lived in Philadelphia, I could easily see this becoming a nice spot to pick up quick dinners.Second time trying DaMo Pasta Lab, and I was totally underwhelmed. The pasta was bland and mushy.Very tasty restaurant! You can tell ingredients including sauces and noodles are made fresh and not processed. Would definitely recommend!I wasn't expecting to walk in and order from an iPad menu that I really didn't understand, but a few minutes of looking at the pictures and I ended up with an amazing bowl of pasta.  
The pasta was cooked perfectly.  The sauce was flavorful and not overpowering.  All in all I could not have asked for better. Note: I love spicy food so asked for the hot pepper olive oil...I assure you it's definitely spicy!!   
The atmosphere is different, but I liked it.  Fast and delicious!  Will definitely be back.Loved the cacio e pepe pasta i had. So good. Definitely coming back. Don't be fooled by their lack of traffic. They're relatively new.I have rarely eaten such good homemade pasta. I ordered a CACIO and PEPE with an exceptional taste. Excellent cooking as we Italians like it.
My wife ordered the SORRENTINA GNOCCHI and they were fabulous; I also tried the FOCACCIA BARESE ... it's like being at home in Italy.
I will come back again and again because it is one of the very few Italian places that reflects true Italian cuisine.An incredible addition to the neighborhood- this fast casual-inspired restaurant brings truly the highest quality ingredients and cooking to Philadelphia as crafted and created by kind and generous Italian owners that know their stuff when it comes to not only pasta but all of the accompaniments as well. During September they have had a three course introductory menu that we've eaten twice- starters of either top quality freshly sliced prosciutto with freshest melon, pasta e fagioli soup made to order with freshly boiled pasta, or a garden salad. Their pastas are proportioned but boiled and combined to order and come out perfectly balanced and portioned with amazing flavor. Desserts include creamy and decadent chocolate mousse and panna cotta, both worth savoring and worth buying on their own. Absolutely worth the price to either eat in watching them craft the next orders in the open kitchen and glass walled prep station or take out. The few extra dollars over other pastas is more than made up in quality. Soon to become a weekly treat!Awesome place to grab some pasta to go the night before the Philly marathon.  The pasta is made to order. You can eat in (there are just a few tables) or get it to go. Fantastic al dente style pasta!  Really recommend!I admire this place because of it's convenience of being smack dab in the city without a long wait time. It's the type of place you come to if you want quality pasta without the wait. The proportions are just right for one person and you can choose from their signature dishes or you can create your own. They also have soups/cold dishes/desserts as well so you can have a three course meal in half the time compared to a sitting at a restaurant. The pasta was delicious, their spicy oil was actually spicy and the crew working was really sweet. Each dish comes out to $10+ depending on how much you add on. Attached some photos of the dishes we got and we'd all get them again.DaMò has done what I have been searching for for some time; a well made fast casual pasta with fresh ingredients at a solid price. This is a good but maybe somewhat pricey place for lunch, but an absolutely fantastic quick and easy place for dinner. My family and I tried four different pastas, and they were all splendid for different reasons. Mind you I had this as takeout, and it traveled very well, and was still yummy a half an hour after pickup.This place just opened. We came to try it and are very impressed by the food. It is easily one of the best pasta places in town, no easy feat in town with many Italian restaurants. Our favorite is the Caprese Salad. The mozzarella cheese is so soft and fresh. The pasta has a great texture and the source is very flavorful. The only minor thing is that they use paper   containers. But we will definitely come back again and again.Had a fantastic lunch here! Enjoyed talking to the proprietors, watching them make fresh pasta. Thoroughly enjoyed our meal!Tried for the first time for lunch today and it was delicious! Pasta and gnocchi were both perfectly aldente and the sauces were tasty. Friendly folks running it too. We'll be back!The price is higher than what you'd expect walking in, however it might be worth the fresh hand-made pasta and high quality ingredients. They make and cook the pasta in front of you behind glass windows which is pretty cool. One thing I didn't like was that the food was served in paper bowls but i guess that's how they're trying to cut costs. It takes away from the high class feel of the food itself. The food was really tasty though. We got the Bolognese and the lasagna which both had tons of flavor and tasted very fresh. The mouthfeel of the Tagliatelle pasta (for the Bolognese) stood out. Would come here again, once in a while when I have a craving for fresh Italian pasta. Service and owner are very kind too! Best of luck to them and excited to see what other dishes they come up with.We were lucky enough to check out Damo Pasta Lab during the soft opening over the weekend!  I think it's a really cool concept - a fast-casual homemade pasta bar.
The setup is clearly intended to encourage people to order takeout rather than eating inside the restaurant, with a large open area by the kiosks and just one large table and some window bar seating.  But to me, the coolest part of this restaurant is watching the fresh pasta productin!  The "lab" is visible through large floor-to-ceiling windows, and I really enjoyed watching the pasta get made while we ate.
As I mentioned, this is fast-casual.  So their pasta is made that day and stored in containers until it's ordered.  For the soft opening menu, they only 4 pasta options, but they said their full menu will have the option to choose which pasta and sauce pairing you want.
We tried 3 of the pastas to get a sampling!  They had a gnocchi with tomato sauce, tonnarelli with cacio e pepe, and fettucini bolognese.  The tonnarelli and fettucini both had excellent texture.  I found the gnocchi a bit mushy.  The sauces needed a bit of work.  The tomato sauce was very acidic (the flavor of uncooked tomato paste came through).  The cacio e pepe was decent, though a bit "wet".  And the bolognese was okay, but didn't have that developed flavor that bolognese that's been cooked all day should have.  If it had been the regular menu I would have given 3 stars, but as they're still working out the kinks I think they have the potential for improving to 4 stars, especially if they lower the price or up the portion size.  I would also happily have purchased homemade ready-to-cook pasta to make at home!Service was amazing. Pasta was SUPERB. great addition to the neighborhood. Caprese salad is SO SO SO good.What a delicious fast casual Italian restaurant right downtown. I got a small (great portion size) byo pasta. Went halfsies gnocchi with ragu and the lasagna with my partner. We couldn't decide which we liked better. The lasagna with rich cheesy, the ragu was the perfect (go for the extra fresh basil add on). Can't wait to come back and try more!Wandered in, not knowing anything about this place. The pasta and caprese salad were really delicious! Super fresh and fast. Wish they were in my neighborhood!Amazing freshly made pasta here! We got here by accident when we were led by the awesome smell of the delicious flavors coming out of this location. We had a big group with us so were able to order one of each! Definitely glad we did that! The tagliatelle al ragu and Cacio E Pepe were my favorites!Went tonight and had the Cacio E Pepe and it was very good.  I will definitely go back here soon and next time I will have the Lasagna.  I can't wait for them to have a few more items on their menu.  Extremely clean, smiles on all the employees faces and eager to help you with their system and how to order.  Please don't lose this touch!!!  It's great to see everyone so happy, friendly and eager to help. Love love love the pasta lab.  Welcome to Midtown...Looking forward to seeing you soon for round 2.Touch screen ordering was a little confusing.  Meal was good, had mozzarella, tomato and prosciutto.  Mozzarella great, meat was so so.  Pasta was fresh, cooked perfect.  Our group had three different sauces, we liked all.This is my second time here.. and definitely won't be my last. Loved their staff, their food are so delicious, even their new order machine technique knows who you're and what you previously ordered.  Smart!This place has some of the best pasta ever! Everything is made to order - fresh pasta and sauce made once you order. Had the casarecce Al pesto (delicious) and the mezze manche pesto damo (excellent). Really good food at great prices. Clean fresh - all hand made on site.Flew in Philly and was staying downtown.  Went for a walk and was looking for a place to eat.  Stumbled upon this gem.  I had the pesto pasta, with a side of foccia bread.  Excellent.  Just hit the spot.  Prices were good, just a great serving of pasta.Very good pasta done al dente just the way I like.  It was a touch pricy for what to you got, but still yummy!We are italian and I have to say, the pasta from this place is very similar to the authentic one!! Everyone loved it! Our favorite was the fettuccine with bolognese sauce, perfect!!! I don't make my own pasta, so I'm also excited for them to start selling the fresh parta by itself in the future!!!Really great pasta place. The caprese had some of the softest/freshest mozzarella I've ever had. Wish they served beer and wine!Nah fam. The pasta here is a huge disappointment. I know good pasta. I eat a lot of it. I got the pomodoro and it was sharp and just not tasty. The pasta itself was hella bland. No one in my group was impressed with what they ordered. I believed the hype. But I left disappointed. I will not be back. Addio!Visiting Philly from Orlando, FL. This is a great concept that I wish we had back home. The pasta, and sauce were so fresh! I tried the gnocchi, and my boyfriend had the lasagna. Both dishes met our expectations. We got the regular sizes, and was the perfect amount for a quick lunch. I also read another review about the hot pepper olive oil, and that stuff packs a good punch! If we lived here, this would definitely become a regular spot.I've ordered here ragu bologniese. Actually it was tasty, but I've ordered it with large size for 17$. And I wasn't satisfied the actual size of it. I would get much more size for this money in Seattle. Wasn't sure that Philadelphia is so expensive cityFresh Friendly Pasta.
Really a good place to sit and get some lunch. Try the Fresh GnocchiSo glad I was able to enjoy some delicious pasta from DaMo during these crazy times! I placed an order online a few days in advance of when I knew I would want it for dinner and had an easy pickup experience at the restaurant.
We ordered two dishes to split - the Mezze Maniche Alla Norma (pasta with a tomato-based sauce, eggplant, and ricotta salata) and the Ravioli Ai Funghi (ravioli filled with champignon and porcini mushrooms, parmigiano, and ricotta with a walnut pecorino cream sauce). The Mezze Maniche Alla Norma was really tasty, but the clear winner was the Ravioli Ai Funghi. It was so flavorful and rich.
I will definitely be returning for some more delicious, made-from-scratch pasta.Great fast casual pasta. The cacio e pepe was delicious. The arrabbiata had a good flavorful kick. Very tasty.LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. I usually get the gnocchi which is always fantastic and recently I tried the lasagna which was also amazing. This place has such high quality pasta and it's a great place to stop for lunch or dinner. I also like to order delivery off caviar and it's always very well packed.Got the cacio e pepe and added some buffalo mozzarella. The pasta was deliciously fresh and the sauce on it was great- creamy without being too filling or heavy.I love that this place is here and enjoy the fresh pasta. The bolognese, lasagna and mezzemaniche are always superb. Next time I'm trying the cacio e pepe. In the cooler months this is excellent comfort food, and the owner is clearly a very kind man that deserves some Philly love.Really nice people. Really good lasagna. Not so good bolognese or focaccia. It's a great idea being able to get homemade pasta on the fly and they are just in soft opening mode so I would call DaMò (wow, never typed an ò like that before) a work in progress. When we visited we were warmly greeted and I proceeded to try to place my order on one of the three touch screens. Unfortunately after two tries the computer told me that three of the items I was trying to purchase (including the two diet cokes in my other hand) were unavailable. Luckily one of the employees helped me out by ordering at the cash register. Our food came out quickly but alas it was served in kind of chintzy paper bowls that they may think about upgrading. What they don't need to mess around with was the lasagna. Forget Stouffer's or any of that garbagy lasagna you are used to having because the stuff here was stupendously good. The pasta tasted fresh and it had a nice cheesy flavor. I tried the bolognese and it was less than stellar. The sauce was acidic tasting and drowned out the pasta. The sauce needed to be much sweeter and cooked longer if you ask me but I don't make bolognese sauce so what do I know? Anyway, there is plenty of room for improvement and despite being hungry I stopped eating after a few bites. My dining part shared my sentiments too and did not want any more of my pasta. Luckily she was more than willing to share her lasagna. We also tried the focaccia since there was not any garlic bread (hint, hint) or any other bread on the menu. The focaccia looked better than it tasted but it was not entirely bad. But not as good as having some nice bread to eat with the pasta or better yet some garlic bread. While we were eating an employee (not sure if it was Da or Mò) was circulating with some packages of confetti candy for all of the diners (which there were quite a few) to enjoy. Basically confetti candy is milk and dark chocolate covered almonds enrobed in a few colors (think M&M's) straight from Italy. They were really good and took the taste of the bolognese out of my mouth. Our meal with two regular sized items, two diet cokes, and the focaccia came to $33. Not all that cheap but if it was amazingly good I would not complain. Would I come back? For the lasagna any day of the week. It was that good. Hopefully the sauce for the bolognese will be tweaked and some bread will be added to the menu and then it will be magnificò!The pasta tasted so fresh! We ordered delivery, and it was here so quickly it tasted like we had ordered at the restaurant. I had the pesto, and my husband had the bolognese. Both dishes were full of flavor. We will definitely order again!I come to this place pretty often for dinner. It has amazing pasta! They offer really good dishes as well as create your own. The price is very reasonable for the quality. Highly recommend for a quick dinner!This place has amazing homemade pasta. Ingredients are super fresh. The owners are also very friendly and supportive of the community. I have tried several different pastas and all of them are delicious. I work at a hospital down the street and they delivered pasta to us to support us in times of the corona virus.Amazing quality and amazing staff. 
I was also hypnotized by the recipes geo-historical videos. I loved it!You need this pasta in your life!! We've been ordering from DaMo almost every week since we discovered them. The casarecce al pesto is our favorite, but seriously everything they make is amazing. Plus delivery is crazy fast! Highly, highly recommend!Pasta was delish and so was the tiramisu. Thank you for adjusting my pasta to be loso. I totally recommend for a quote and fresh pasta. Great staff nice place to go for fresh pasta.Really good fast casual pasta place in midtown. Very reminiscent of some of the fast, inexpensive, hip pasta places that we ate at when we visited Italy. I had the amatriciana which was really good. Staff and owners were very friendly, will definitely make this a regular place to visit.Good pasta and dessert. We went during the transition to full opening but again service is fast and excellent.
Go to place to have a pasta around center city.If you want to feel like you are in Italy this is the place. Authentic pasta, homemade sauces and great service. Can't skip it.
An Italian.Great spot. Had the gnocchi and the tomato sauce was absolutely perfect. The pasta is prepared right in front of you and the prices are fair considering the quality of the ingredients. Will definitely return.I was so excited when I stumbled upon this spot a few weeks ago. Immediately took me back to Trestevere in Rome, THAT'S how authentic this pasta is. The owners are very sweet and friendly and are willing to answer any questions. I had the Cacio e Pepe my first visit and was not disappointed. I love that you can order fresh pasta to go to bring home to cook on your own. My dad is a huge cook and when I brought home this fresh pasta he was so excited to try it. We went back together and tried their lasagna and I thought my dad was going to fall over he loved it so much. I really hope this place does well because it is definitely a spot that adds value to the area.Way better than we were expecting!!! Great quality for the price! And the Raviolis (which we ate before we could get a picture) had very rich and creamy filling- it was the real deal. We almost ordered again for lunch today it was that good...Small place great for fast pasta. What an interesting concept! Not a lot of seating and not a lot of sauce choices. However, the pasta was very fresh, and a decent price for the amount that you get. Even if you are eating in, they serve you in paper containers which I thought was kind of strange. You can also watch them make the pasta in a window just beyond the counter which is kind of cool. Also, beware, it comes out very hot so give it time to cool before eating.DaMó Pasta Lab is an awesome addition to Center City. The owners, Monica and Danilo were so kind. All of their pastas are made from scratch. We loved the layout of the Pasta Lab. There were glass windows so you can see the pasta being made to order as well as a view of the pasta and sauces being made from scratch. The quick and easy order screens allow you to see images and descriptions of each dish, so you know exactly what you're getting. It took them less than 5 minutes to get our 2 pasta dishes out. For only being 4 months old, we were highly impressed with the food, service & Pasta Lab itself! 
Their goal is to give their customers a glimpse of Italy and its pasta traditions, and they succeed! It was so hard to decide what to order, but we went with the classic Tonnarelli Cacio e Pepe, which was so creamy and delicious. We also tried the Casarecce al Pesto which was also delectable. The touch of basil, pine nuts & parmesan on top of the pasta really made the dish. (The pasta is cooked al dente, so if you prefer it to be softer, make sure you let them know!)
We plan on coming back very soon to try their other pasta dishes. Would definitely recommend for pasta lovers!