This is my favorite Indian restaurant in Philadelphia. Great food at cheap prices. Big fan of the vegetarian options. I usually get some kabobs next door and buy one each of their vegetarian dishes. Really enjoy their cauliflower potatoes and mixed vegetables.My favorite go-to place during my time at Penn. The food here is so tasty at reasonable rates. 
* Naan with Shahi Paneer/Rajmah are yummy options that I always go for. The portions served are huge. 
* Punjabi Kadhi is one of a kind and excellent as well. All of their food options are prepared and served with utmost care. You can never go wrong with any!
And having food with the Bollywood movies on the TV upfront is a pleasure in its own way!Whenever I want to have a traditional home made food, this is the place. Been here twice, never was disappointed. Very cheap prices and the quantity is large.Feels like home cooked food. Awesome! They don't use too much oil and ghee and it feels light unlike your typical Indian restaurants.Haven't tried the restaurant in the back yet, but the store in the front is a great place to shop for inexpensive spices and lentils. Just wish they marketed the prices.The food was just passable. The aloo paratha was insanely spicy, filled with an unnecessary amount of green chillies; which is unfortunate, because the flavours were spot-on. Also ordered a lassi which was terribly watered-down. Far from the thick, delicious lassi that one would get at an authentic Indian restaurant. I didn't try the curries, but the portions did seem very small given the price. Wouldn't go back here in a rush.The food is generally good, though I felt the quality varied a bit each time I've been here. However, this place has hands down the best naan in Philly - definitely better than the naan in the other Pakistani places nearby. It also has a great selection of paratha that are also very tasty (potato, cauliflower, or paneer, etc...). 
The service may not be existent, but it is, after all, an eatery in the back of a grocery store - where the aisles end and the magic begins. You basically go to the back of the store, write down your order and slip it through the kitchen window, establish yourself at one of the school cafeteria-style tables, and then "ta da!" your food arrives, usually within reasonable time. It's very much a bare-bone dining experience beneath fluorescent lighting, embellished by flashy Bollywood dance tunes coming from the corner TV. There is also a sink on the wall nearby, which is very convenient if you just feel like washing your hands during your meal.
The food options are solid, prices are reasonable, and I've never had a bad experience here. The downside for them is that I tend to buy a lot less groceries, once full.This is my go to place for Indian groceries (I'm crazyy for spicy lime pickles). The store is clean, modern, well laid out and has a huge selection. There are staple grains, relishes, packaged foods, sweets and a wall of frozen foods. There's also a tiny restaurant serving home style cooking in the back, Dana Mundi is well worth a trip to West Philly if you don't live in the area.This is one of the best grocery store and restaurant in philly.  They carry a line of frozen ready to eat products under the brand name "Desi Flavors" which is awesome.  Dal makhani, dal tadka, amritsari cholay, kadhai paneer and amritsari kulcha platter are awesome.Poor Customer Service.  They served a wrong item and when we told them, they said that they will bring the correct item.  We waited but they never did.  Finally we decided to leave but they charged us for the wrong item stating it was the same price.Good, solid Punjabi food served by typical aunties and uncles.  Limited menu.Delish. I love hole-in-the-wall places and this is exactly what this is. Picnic tables indoors and an auntie in the kitchen. The food is fresh, delicious and hearty. Oh, and cheap!If you are looking for authentic punjabi dhaaba style food...this is it....do take out most of the times. Paranthas are out of this world.Delicious food cooked almost exactly as it would be in a Punjabi house. If you're looking for restaurant quality food, ie heavy cream and excessive oiliness this is not the place for you.located in the back of a grocery store - seemed a bit shady.  you have to write your own orders down and leave it on the counter, making sure to notify the kitchen staff that you left your order.  I guess, this is old school version of wawa or sheetz...
anyway,
naan was good - but not as good as the establishment next door.
chicken saag was a bit bland.
but, chicken tikka masala, samosa, paneer tikka masala - were all super delish.Dana Mandi is a great spot to know about in University City.  First the store itself is loaded with food stuffs from the Indian sub-continent.  But what a lot of people don't realize is that behind the curtain at the rear of the store is a restaurant ... a very inexpensive Indian restaurant at that.  The atmosphere is basic, there are communal tables, write down your food and bread order and it will be delivered to the kitchen, when your dishes comes out help yourself to water and spices and enjoy eating.  Afterwards throw your disposable utensils away, pay at the front counter of the store, and you are happily on your way from a unique eating experience in Philadelphia.
Almost all the standard Indian food items are on the menu ... and though the food is not gourmet ... it is tasty enough home-cooking with close adherence to traditional recipes.  For example - India's most popular dish in the western world - Tikka Masala - is just fine here!Best indian food in university city ... Can't get any closer to food back home ... 
Suggested dishes - chicken tikka masala, shahi paneer, aloo paratha, naan, chai, mango lassi.Couldn't be more amazed by this place whether you order from grub hub or go into the small but quant restaurant/grocery store this has to be the best authentic Indian food in Philadelphia hands down!Relish the Authentic, rustic experience unavailable elsewhere 
Authentic home-kitchen style cooked food ,
Economical, pocket friendly pricing .
hardworking team 
Order kabab or Samosa in appetizers .
fresh Tawa-roti or Naan along with list of curries
or order freshly made aloo/gobhi/mooli/paneer parathan (Stuffed bread) -- MUST TRY
may be with fresh gas stove made Tea or a picture of Mango lassi
and have locally made Gulab jamun or readymade kulfi in the dessert .
A relatively small but well managed restaurant setting behind a grocery store , authentic home food , old regional movies playing in the background and the non-sugar coated customer interaction makes Dana mandi a package.
Food prepared and served from heart matters the most, they could work on sugar coating the customer interaction, But does it matter too much - Noooo, perhaps the entire package makes it an Authentic, rustic experience unavailable elsewhereIn a world full of Indian restaurants serving Americanized food so heavy it could sink Molly Brown, Dana Mandi provides a pleasant alternative of lighter, more authentic Punjabi cuisine. A satisfying Indian meal that doesn't require a nap immediately afterwards? Sign me up!
Everything about this place is bonkers, but it works, and you end up with some of the tastiest Indian food in the city. The restaurant is located in the back of a grocery store. One of its walls is a series of curtains. You order by scrawling your choices on a slip of paper and bringing it up to the window. You pay at the grocery store register in the front. Bollywood classics blare from the TV. 
But the food! Fantastic. Simple, perfectly seasoned cooking you'd expect from an Indian grandma, and much lighter and brighter than the competition. Favorite dishes were the baingan bharta (spiced eggplant), goat curry, and chicken tikka masala (which has spectacular sauce but mediocre meat quality). Get a pitcher of mango lassi, a side of rice and some naan, and you're all set for a delectable Punjabi experience.
Located on the same corner as Chili Szechuan and Kabobeesh, 42nd & Chestnut is becoming my favorite block for ethnic restaurants!So delicious! Eggplant curry was smooth as silk. Great breads too! The paneer parathna has a kick but was delivious. Great deal too!Chutney is weak. No taste. Disgusting. No rice with chicken tikka Marsala!! Way too expensive. I am disappointed.  NEGMissing north indian home food... then this is the place to go. Limited selection, but very good taste and the best prices you can find in Philadelphia.Great find! Fabulous food in a casual atmosphere.  It is hidden in the back of a small Indian grocery store.  Just a short walk from U. Penn and so worth it. I was impressed by the Chicken Curry (watch out it has bones) and the Chicken Kabob too.  The wife loved the Chicken Tikka Masala.  The Naan bread was a perfect accompaniment, but I suggest one order for every two items.  Don't forget to get some interesting Indian cookies, chips, and snacks on your way out.  The teller at the front of the grocery store will have your check waiting for you.
Bon ApatitI got the kawan this Monday n it has the expired date dec 2018 when I open the packet it has fungus and it stinks extremely bad they have refused to return the money ..... I have filled a food safety complaint... on them I strongly recommend people to avoid this store .... and the way owner responded to my call is extremely unprofessionalThis is a greasy spoon place with the best kabab! Stars for food, not atmosphere. Just look for the parking lot filled with taxi cabs and you will know you are in THE place. The ground meat kabab came on a bed of light and fluffy white, yellow and orange rice, a large nan and 2 sides. I had the gobi (cauliflower) and the channa (chick peas). It was all so delicious! The texture of the chickpeas was fantastic, the cauliflower was a little greasy but so flavorful. 
It is counter service, and you point to the sides of your choosing which they scoop into the partitioned plate. The hand you a squirt bottle of rome riata sauce. Not sure what is was but it was good. It was too much food for me to eat in one sitting.
The free parking lot is a bonus!Mmmm, authentic Indian food. Love that it is at the back of the grocery store-- reminds me of similiar set-ups in the Bay Area where I grew up. 
Menu is quite extensive, and everything is quite tasty. I usually go with the paneer options (favorite food) and the naan. Prices are average-- not too cheap and not too expensive-- but portion sizes are great. The full portion could easily be 2-3 meals, and the naan is pretty big as well. Naan is quite oily-- make sure to say hold off on the oil if you want dry bread.
Will definitely be frequenting this place often. A taste of home!I loved it here! All new and renovated and now has a restraunt too!. 3 of us went, ordered chicken kabab and samosa just to try as a starter, found the food too yummy that we couldn't stop ordering chicken tikka masala and naan to complete our dinner. Store is good as well. Lot of indian groceries are available. Do try out!If it is the spices and Indian groceries that bring you inside this place, keep walking all thew way through the aisles into the small kitchen tucked away at the back. The food that comes out of that kitchen is some of the best-tasting and authentic Indian food you can eat in Phily for a fraction of price than what other dine-in establishments charge. Simply, tasty and unpretentious Indian food - always 5 stars!Dana mandi is best restaurant in philly..reminds me of hyderabadi dhabha food..homely and freshly made..My office ordered the chicken tikka, rajmah and alo goobi.  We thought we were ordering the chicken tikka masala, but we didn't.  That was our fault, but the chicken tikka wasn't the biggest hit.  We LOVED the Rajmah and the alo goobi was ok.  However, they should warn people that their food is incredibly spicy.  Most Indian restaurants will let you choose your spice level, but they did not.  They were also a little rude to our employee who picked up the food.  We probably will end up going to some of the other Indian restaurants in the area.  I will say this for them...they're CHEAP.In and out - just what I needed.
I had to pick up some samosas and after scouring Yelp for a decent place, I stumbled upon this option. There aren't that many Indian grocery stores in the city. This one was the best option for me from an access standpoint. 
I like the location - in University City, but still able to find easy parking to jump in and out of the store. 
The space is small and looks a little hole-in-the-wall-ish, but it packs a punch. There are frozen and fresh items available, and a dining space in the back! I found what I was looking for with ease. If I had more time, I would definitely would've looked around a bit more in case I required (read: wanted) anything else. 
I recommend this place to grab some basic Indian ingredients, and see what else they could offer with the restaurant in the back. 
Hoping to make more visits back here!Used to be my go to place when I was studying at UPenn. Their Chicken Curry, Baingan Bartha, parathas, Samosa used to be my favorites. In addition, the people who run this place are also very friendly.My friends, family, and I come here so often, they immediately prepare our usual orders as soon as we step through the door.  A heaping pile of freshly baked tandoori naan, full plates of savory chicken tikka masala, and steaming bowls of spicy rajmah and chana masala.  There is no doubt that Dana Mandi is my favorite eatery in Philadelphia.Genuinely good Indian Punjabi Dhaba style food which is rare to find in US where all the Indian food restaurants are generally striving to become top notch with modern menus full of unauthentic food aiming to cater the American tastes or mindlessly make dishes high on spices and grease. If you found this place by accident then I would request you not judge this place as a restaurant as it is not. Don't judge them for their ambiance, service, cleanliness, availability of kids menu and all things you expect at a restaurant because my friends that is what this place is not. Dana Mandi serves dhaba food (search what a Dhaba is if you still have not) and it kicks ass at it. I love that that they also make Tawa rotis and paranthas (bread baked on flat pan not in clay ovens) and not just naans. Kadhi, dal, paneer and saag are genuinely good and these all are veggie items :) non veg dishes are equally good. Visit them during lunch hours, ask them for a sweet or sour lassi with the food, eat up to the brim, go back home and enjoy a satisfying nap that your satisfied mind and tummy won't be able to avoid.First: Dana Mandi isn't your classy, romantic, 'let's have a wonderful date' type of restaurant. It's a grocery store with a few tables in the back. There are no waiters really; you write your order on a piece of paper and hand it straight to the cooks. There's usually some (awful) Bollywood movie playing on a TV screen, and that's about all for ambience.
But the food! Oh, the selection may not be great, but whatever they have is brilliant! I've tried vegetarian options like their two dals (chana, makhni), the paneer sabzis, and also the aloo gobi, and they are all very good. But I was most impressed with their tandoori chicken: mouth-watering, amazing stuff! Quite authentic! And also quite inexpensive.
Sometimes, their food can have excessive oil though. I usually request them to make their food with less oil, and it's all good.
So don't dine in. Instead, grab some Indian groceries from Dana Mandi, take out food from the little restaurant at the back (with a request for low oil), go home and enjoy it (and spare yourself the horror of watching ludicrous Bollywood nonsense while eating great food!).We just had dinner using UberEats delivery was good 45 Minutes . We ordered Goat Saag, mild Chicken Tikka Masala mild and Garlic Naan. Both dinner were way to hot to enjoy and they did not give us any rice. Never had Indian food without rice. Will not order from them again.You would never know there was a restaurant in the back of this Indian grocery store but the food is so delicious and authentic!  Such a refreshing break from the bland Americanized Indian places in the area.If you ever learned about this place, you gotta try the goat curry here!! I usually get a small size curry and ask for one or two naans to dip in. The curry is sooooo goaty and flavorful and it actually has super tender pieces of goat meat on the bone. The naan tastes really fresh, grainy and soft without dryness. It's the best Indian food I've ever had in the US.
I would give it a five-star if it has better restaurant decors.Probably the best Indian food I've ever had! My partner and I were very hungry when we first came here-- we ended up getting the Chana masala, goat biryani, chicken tikka, naan, GARLIC naan, and a big pitcher of mango lassi. That enormous feast turned out to be only $30 or so-- the first sign of excellent value! And once we started chowing down, it became apparent what a good move we had made. Everything was piping hot and out of this world. Real standouts were the Chana masala, garlic naan, and OMG THE BIRYANI. so basically the entire meal knocked it out of the park. Add to that the refreshment of a huge container of mango lassi, and you've got yourself a winner.
I've seen some reviews denigrating the fact that this Eden is located within a grocery store. Maybe I'm lowbrow, but I actually like the super-casual takeout experience and being able to browse the shelves for tasty snacks while I'm waiting for my food. Do note, however, that the system of ordering might be a little confusing for first-time customers (or maybe I'm just bad at picking up social cues?): you go to the back, pick up a menu and pencil+paper, hand your order to one of the staff in the back, and then wait. Your meal won't be brought out to you; instead, it'll be taken up to the front counter and you can pay for it along with any groceries you've picked up. The table+chair area in the back seemed to be more for waiting than for eating, but hey, getting takeout and gorging yourself on the delicious food in the privacy and comfort of your home sounds like an ideal night to me.Delicious dry chicken tikka (for $7) and a huge mango lassi I could have split with 2 other people ($4.50). If you're okay with eating in the back of a grocery store, off of paper plates with plastic forks, you can eat in - and pick up Indian spices, sauces, and frozen foods on your way out. Wonderful spot, tucked away in a West Philly grocery. This was my first visit since they relocated from their old location next door, and this is a much nicer space.This place is so unique. It's hidden in the back of a grocery store behind makeshift curtains. There is no server. You pick up a menu and a small sheet of paper and pencil and write down what you want. Then handling it in, in the small counter. The food comes out pretty fast and HOT. Everything smells so good! After eating you pay at the register just like if you were checking out your groceries.I love this place. I accidentally encountered this place. It is a secret restaurant inside an Indian supermarket. The food here is to DIE for. I strongly recommend the goat curry and the regular naan. I also love the owners (a family I believe). They are very nice!Easily the best Indian food I have had in Philly so far. 
Of note, its also about expectations. This isn't your fancy center city Indian restaurant. You go here for the food and that is it. 
Pros:
Nice variety of both veg and non veg food. 
Chapati was perfect. 
Had the Aloo Gobi and Palak Chicken, both of which were excellent
They use bone in chicken which is always a great choice. 
Good spice to the Aloo Gobi and neither dish was absurdly creamy as you so often find in other Indian Restaurants. 
Service was surprisingly fast given that two people work in the kitchen and we went right at dinner time. 
Its BYO (I think? it doesn't say it anywhere but there is a wine opener hanging on the wall)
Cons:
Mango Lassi had an odd color to it that made me imagine its probably not very natural
No water for the tables (the water jug was empty)
Confusing ordering and paying system with no instructions anywhere
Overall if you're just looking for legit Indian food with absolutely no frills, maybe even negative frills, this is the place for you. Will definitely be recommending this place to more peopleI came away flat-out surprised the place has such positive Yelp reviews.  I'm here to caution you about the restaurant. It was the worst meal I've had all year.
I was so excited to try this place, and didn't mind the divey atmosphere or the gruff cook. I'm also totally down for the less-rich, less-Americanized style eats. I used to eat at Rajbhog in Cherry Hill all the time.
I asked for one mango lassi with my dinner - without confirming what size, the guy made me a whole damn pitcher for $7! (And it wasn't very good at all.)
I think if you stopped in here for a vegetarian meal, you'd get by okay. But the chicken in the chicken tikka masala was sliced frozen chicken that hadn't been marinated in the sauce at all - it tasted like freezer burn, it was tough to chew. The goat curry was so fatty there was hardly any meat to salvage, and the curry itself was very watered down and greasy from all the fat.
My partner and I eat Indian regularly with no gastrointestinal reprocussions, but neither of us came away from this experience unscathed.Dana Mandi makes life so convenient. Near by one stop food and grocery. Simply love it. I hope with increasing popularity they keep the food quality good and prices reasonable. It's a family owned restaurant and grocery store. Good Indian home made food.5 star for the progress they have made in the past week. Completely renovated store and  restaurant. The store is very well set now. 
Excellent quality food preparation. Best Indian food in Philadelphia. Most of the things are close to what is made in traditional Indian household. Some of the dishes not to miss are- Tawa roti, Punjabi Kadhi, Rajma, Dal Makhani, Chicken curry and goat curry.
Some of the dishes which were not as good are-  bhindi, chicken tikka masal, paneer sag. But 5 star to the efforts they put. jEverything was delicious had potato filled Nana , goat with green veggie sauce. And those fried things I don't remember the name of. Parking was tough because of alot of construction. Everything came to $13 and I had plenty left over to lunch the next dayVery interesting place. The restaurant is behind the grocery shop. So you enter the shop and walk all the way to the end. There are multiple menus available. Look , choose and write your order on a white paper and hand it to the chef from a very small window. So, the experience was very nice.
The food came out on plastics and freshly cooked. I could literally see the chef cutting vegetables for the parathas. The parathas were big but thin. We ordered side of palak paneer and punjabi curry. The curry was nice and very unique. The palak paneer was not to our liking. In fact, my wife left it after eating a bite.
So, over all it was ok.Unfortunately, this place is not worth the hype to me. I loved the concept of a casual, chill restaurant in the back of a grocery store, but it just wasn't very good. 
Firstly, it's quite overpriced. For the same price (if not cheaper) you can eat far better food at a full-service sit down Indian restaurant down the street or even eat a buffet. Secondly, I got the Palak Paneer and it wasn't tasty at all (it was watery while I prefer this creamy, which is how it normally tastes). The naan was also very thin. Overall not a satisfying lunch and I'd suggest heading to one of the nearby Indian lunch buffets to eat well at literally the same price if not cheaper than here.Let's be honest. All the stars here are going to the great, authentic food.
Eating in the back of the grocery store? Not romantic. 
Employees who are maintaining the place, not just "serving," sufficient.
But real, bone-y goat curry? Spice, deep, delicious..
Garlic naan? Criticized by some, but way good, IMO.
Chicken tiki masala? Really, some of the best I've had in town.
Punjabi kadhi (chickpeas), never had it in another Indian place, but well worth it here. The main thing I'd recommend ordering, in fact.
Lovely food. Everything else is OK.I have never in my entire life ordered food from an Indian restaurant and not gotten white rice included in my order. The meal itself was expensive, not very flavorful, and a complete rip off. There are several other Indian restaurants in west philly that are worth going to. This isn't one of them.We went here looking for some good parathas and Indian food. Ordered the gobhi paratha and mooli paratha, palak paneer and Punjabi pakoda kadhi. We knew the eating area is in the back of the grocery store and you have to write your orders and give them. 
Food came in a fairly fast. They serve food in disposable plates which is ok. Regarding taste, I wasn't very thrilled with whatever I ate there. Everything just tasted weird. 
Regarding grocery shopping, they do have a pretty good selection of Indian groceries. Make sure you check the expiration dates of the masalas because I've seen some expired ones there. it's good for quick buying stuff if you don't want to drive all the way to Bensalem.Great place for indian grocery in Philadelphia city! They also deliver groceries to your door!Horrible food for the price they charge. Very thin Daal makhani and terrible matar paneer. Can eat way better food that is much nicely served, in other indian places in the town. Would never want to visit again.I placed a take out order at 6:10 PM. I came in at 7:30 PM, and the food was not ready. In fact, they hadn't even read the email that I placed the order with. They then said I would wait five minutes to get the food, and it has already been 10 minutes and still nothing. This is just bad service...Long due! The grocery itself is pretty extensive but the review is for the small restaurant inside the grocery store. 
I absolutely love their generously sized Parathas - Aloo, Paneer, Gobhi and Mulli - the latter two being my favorite. I have also tried other curries like Chole and Chicken Tikka Masala and both are truly delicious - probably the best in Philly. I always make sure to keep space in my tummy before I come grocery shopping, make sure you do too :)Love the Mattar Paneer & Curry Vegetables.  Delish!  Oh & the Naan is charred just right Yum! Didn't give full 5 stars because while I love spicy food they do prepare their food VERY spicy for "mild".  Yes when I place my orders I always select mild & kick it up on my own w/my own spicy curry from home & it helps when sometimes I am not in the mood to be on fire.  But from my 1st experience here, every order has come out super spicy that I hate to know what medium, spicy & very spicy categories do LOLThe nondescript eatery in the back of the store belies its thoroughly solid Indian dishes. If you're looking for a classy dinner experience, sitting behind aisles of curry powder and imported Indian snacks is probably going to rub you the wrong way. However, if what you crave is tasty and fulfilling food served on Styrofoam trays then you've been successful in your selection of dinner joint. The full serving size (16 oz)  is likely enough for 1.5 meals for an average eater and conveniently already comes in a plastic cylindrical container. I was  really impressed with the size of their naan and how spicy their pepper-onion chutney was. The sweet and thick mango lassi was also a winner. Overall this is where I would take people who are comfortable with or grew up eating authentic Indian food.Best Indian food in philly! Having the restaurant kind of hidden behind the supermarket makes it all the better. Everyone who works there is nice, and the food is wonderful! You need to try the mango lassi from the restaurant, then pick up some mango candy on your way out!This place is a perfect college haunt. Authentic Indian food in a low key shack- like setting. It has so much heart, but reminds one of being in a no-expectation low key Indian place. However the quality of food is great and consistent. 7 years after leaving Philadelphia,I revisited this place and the food is just as amazing, the place is just as cozy and the uncle is just as grumpy but kind.
I ordered the baingan bharta, paneer shahi and Gobi paratha. The paratha was super crispy and lovely tasting, the baingan bharta was probably the best thing I ordered. Be aware though if you are vegan, their Nan bread has eggs in them!I've been visiting this place for quite a few years and every time the food has just been phenomenal! The warmth in the service and the taste of home made food is sufficient to pull one back to this place again and again!Gang this place is legit. There are not that many Indian grocery stores in Center City so I had to go out to West Philly for it. It's a no frills grocery store that has everything you could want for indian cooking, and has a dhaba restaurant in the back. Imagine a home-cooked indian meal, without the creaminess of more Americanized restaurants. I've searched long and hard for authentic chai, and they make a fantastic one. A cup only costs $2! If only other places closer to me picked up on the recipe.I live in the neighborhood. I shopped in the grocery store for authentic Indian ingredients. Neighbors and friends suggested I try the restaurant. Okay, I finally tried it. Meh. I've been to India four times and three of those four times to the Punjab (the owners are Punjabi). This is very mediocre. I had a popular dish - Chicken Tikka Masala. Chicken did not taste fresh. The flavor of the sauce was off. University City is full of really excellent Indian restaurants, this is not one of them. Okay it's plain kitchen-like set up in the rear of a rather worn and shabby Indian grocery store and it has that unpretentious working-class charm we Philly people like; but the place is not immaculately clean. The garlic Naan was very good though. I will not patronize the restaurant again, but I will shop of chutneys and other pickled things in the grocery section.Really unique combination of a South Asian grocery store and a little Indian restaurant in the back! I usually prefer the Indian buffets in the area as I feel like they have better value and variety for the money, but the food here is solid as well if you're just looking for one dish or fresh breads, or if a disaster like COVID suddenly shuts down all the buffets. The entrees are less creamy and more spicy than similar ones I've had at other places, which I'm fine with but might be a surprise to people more used to "Americanized" versions. They don't come with rice, so make sure to order some if you need it! The breads like naan and paratha really stand out, as they're always tasty, hot, and quite big. Mango lassi and gulab jamun are on par with other Indian restaurants I've tried, which is to say quite good. I do find the service to be a little confusing for newcomers, and they're pretty curt on the phone. To sum it up, if you're dining in, you order from the back, pay at the front, and then go back to pick up and eat your food. The dining area is nothing fancy and like a small cafeteria, but does the job. If you're getting takeout, you can call in and pick up and pay at the front. They only take card if your total is above $10. Overall I like this place for takeout and those delicious breads!This is a hidden gem in University City. The food is fresh and delicious. There are ample vegetarian options. Love the aloo saag, the mix veg sabzi and Chana masala. The various breads are excellent too. I have been here at least 6 times and the food has always been great.
So why the 3 stars? Because of lack of customer service. The restaurant is supposed to be open until 10:00 pm. But we have shown up at 9:30 only to be glared at. Not by everyone but the owner (I think) is very rude and actually glares at customers so much that I am scared of him. The reason he gives is they are already closed. Then he goes on to ask us to place the order as fast as we can and if we take a minute longer he glares some more. Then the food comes out in plastic dishes and styrofoam containers. My thing is this: either politely tell us the restaurant is closed and don't accept anymore customers or if you do accept customers please be courteous to them.This is a no frills Indian grocery with a family run restaurant at the back. If you've been to 'dhaba' style restaurants in India - this is very similar and I mean that in the best way; because hands down this is some of the tastiest and most homely tasting Indian food I've had away from home.
Anyone who says otherwise is probably judging this place for ambience - which is really besides the point. The food tastes great, and the place is clean. Highly recommend!
Some of my favourites include: Punjabi kadhi, gobi paratha (most of their parathas are great though!), rajma, dal makhani.Love this spot when ever I start missing my mom's home cooked meals!! I can find every fresh ingredient here and the young guy is helpful when ever I cant. 
And cure for any cold or flu: Move over chicken noodle soup! 
Instead try moong dal with arugula!!
And  this spot has all the ingredients for hands down  the best cure for any cold or flu!!)Let's take the word of my wife who was born in Mumbai. 
After tasting their food, she called it "beautiful" and "authentic." 
What more do you need? 
The reason for this is because she said it didn't have an oily ring to it like a lot of Indian places make. That's how she could tell it was for real. 
I loved it too. The chicken tikka masala has more unique flavors to it than a lot of places serve. We both really enjoyed the rajmah, which is basically an Indian vegetarian bean chili. She had some palak paneer which I didn't try. But she said it was also uniquely flavored. 
I can tell you that this is definitely not "Americanized." This is the real deal. 
Plus, I was able to walk out with two huge export packs of Parle G cookies for $2.99 each. Best price I've ever seen. And they carry Lays Magic Masala chips which I fell in love with on my India trips. 
I've had Indian food at so many places in this area and some of them tasted richer and better to me. But this place is right up there with the best in the city for takeout. 
This place is perfect when you want to scratch your Indian meal and snack itch.Amazing home style paranthas. Crispy, super thin, delicious stuffing. Made fresh after you order, which to me is a huge plus. Aloo, gobi, paneer - all three were great. Get a side of extra butter to lather it on top and thank me later. 
Ordering can be confusing, might make sense to write your name on the pieces of paper to avoid confusion. Our order was wrongly claimed by another group. Also, expect to spend some time here - it took over an hour for us (we ordered separately twice), but worth the wait for those fresh paranthas.This place is a grocery store hiding an Indian restaurant or dhaba (as called in Hindi for Indian roadside restaurants).
The owners are the cook themselves and they serve up delicious home cooked meals at a cheap price.
Everything was as tasteful as u would expect it to be and portions were good as well. Their parathas are great and go good with any curry.
It does take a little bit longer to get ur food.I've never been to the location but heard that it is a grocery store up front and the food is in the back. As for the food, it's yummy. Love the nann and chicken tikka masala, which has a nice kick to it. Not too spicey that it will make your eyes and nose run though. Looking forward to getting more take out from them.This is a convenient place to grab not so common spices and sauces at a cheap price or to grab a meal.
I love their variety of unique ice cream in the store and their tikka masala in the restaurant isn't half bad.
My only complaint is that I bought these absolutely disgusting, inedible $9 pistachios.This is the place to go if you want authentic, home-style Indian food, especially if you want Indian food without all the heavy cream and stuff that traditional restaurants put in (but the taste is still all still there!) The best part is the garlic naan, it's so fresh and it's gigantic! The dishes are perfectly portioned- the small size is for one meal and the large is a good way to share. It's also well priced! Indian food tends to be expensive but this isn't. 
Big tip!! The restaurant is at the back of the store behind curtains (they don't make it obvious it's there) and the way to order is by taking a slip of white paper near the window into the kitchen (the menu and utensils/water/cups will also be right there) and write down what you want, then hand the slip to the people in the kitchen and pay at the front at the cash register!Food was pretty good. I ordered samosa chaat (was average), the goat curry (delicious), punjabi kadhi (also very good), dal chana (was okay), gobi paratha (first time having this but I did not enjoy it), gulab jamun (yum), and mango lassi.
I ordered online directly from their website. I asked the kitchen for my order when I got there but it didn't seem like my order was sent to the kitchen yet - the cashier from the grocery store printed out my order then sent it back. So I don't think ordering online for pick up really saved me anytime vs going and ordering at the kitchen.Love this spot when I start missing my mom's home cooked meals!! I can find every fresh ingredient here and the young guy is helpful when ever I cant. And to make moong dal with arugula this spot has all the ingredients (&Move over chicken noodle soup, because this is hands down  the best cure for any cold or flu!!)Shittiest Chicken biriyani I've ever had. Even if they gave me free food, I wouldn't take it.I've lived in Philly the past two years surrounded by an amazing Indian community. Indian food has always been my favorite so it's been lovely eating so many Indian foods from different states!
My housemates and I have been regulars at this location for grocery shopping. There is a good selection and outstanding prices. 
When it comes to the restaurant... I really hate to say it... but everyone I've known that has ever gone here to eat, including my own experience with Indian friends have said it's the worst Indian food they've ever had. Ever. Which is such a bummer because they have all the ingredients right up front! Also, unfortunately, the area where you are seated smells of mold. We ended up moving ourselves as far away from walls to try and avoid breathing in so many spores.
Overall, 4 stars with the grocery store and 1 star for the restaurant. So, let's call it 3. 
Always like to end on a positive note -- so if you're looking for some yummy snacks and great deals def do some shopping in their grocery store!It's one of the best places for parathas in this area. It's a must try and all the parathas here are amazing.
The owner here has a bit of a attitude but the taste is well worth it. There is a chance your order might get messed up and even then the owner would still be mad at you but trust me once you get the food you won't care about the attitude at all.
Don't get the mango lassi though - tastes like preservatives.