I love authentic Asian food the most, but when I'm going out I dig the occasional fusion cuisine or Americanized Asian food. Came here with a large group and we appreciated that there was absolutely no wait - Danlu had just opened a week or two before we visited. However, when it came time to split the bill, it was a bit pricier than I'd liked given the sorta average-but-good food and drinks. It's definitely more of that place you visit, not expecting the best of the best Asian food, but more because it's right next to work and you just want to quench your hankering for an after-work drink and some apps. For that, Danlu fits into the place, although it will be interesting to see how it competes with Han Dynasty right down the street. Danlu's drink selection was definitely better than Han's though, I'll give them that.Danlu just opened near my campus so I was super excited to try. I ordered the hen fe duck, but would not recommend it. The noodles were pretty bland, but the flavor of the duck was great! My friend ordered the Pad Thai, which was much better than the duck dish. 
Regardless of my dish, the service and atmosphere was very nice. There's definitely a cool modern feel. Our waitress was very accommodating!I've lived in Philly for three years and this is the best dining experience I've ever had! My friend and I had the edamame potstickers, peking duck sandwich, sake sangria, alcoholic bubble tea, salt-crusted shrimp pad thai and mango and chocolate sorbet. Everything was excellent -- I've been to Thailand and back and that pad thai was the best I've ever had! The tofu and shrimp were cooked to perfection. I especially loved the peking duck sandwich -- the best duck sandwich I've had since Borough Market. The ambience was artful and amazing, perfect for impressing a first date or hosting an upscale girls' night. The service was excellent, with such a friendly and helpful staff! Even Chef Patrick Feury greeted us, explaining the delicate ginger vinaigrette is barrel-aged from barrels he keeps on site. 10/10 would recommend for the excellent food, friendly service and artistic ambiance.Danlu is a beautiful chic spot.  Very roomy and with two stories. Plenty of tables in an open airy atmosphere. They also have a bar area 
As a vegetarian there were plenty but not a lot of options. I tried the bok choy that was very good. The edamame potstickers were ok but not exactly what I was hoping for. I also tried the basmati vegetarian rice.  This tasted very clean and had good flavor, not overly greasy like some fried rice can be. Veggie options that I didn't try included a salad and veggie pad Thai.  My dining companion got different meat options and was impressed with the flavors. The menu is a breakdown of some small plates and entrees.
Overall the experience was good. I was surprised it wasn't more crowded on a Saturday eve. Our server was very nice and personable. Definitely worth a try.As a veteran of the restaurant scene in this area, I think this is a solid addition to the rather sparse diversity of restaurants in the area.  Love the atmosphere, and the service.  The food was solid as well.  The problem is that it is VERY overpriced for the area.  12-14 dollar cocktails with no happy hour is ridiculous.  The menu was not expansive, but pretty good.  Again, 17 bucks for shrimp pad Thai is insane.  Everything we had was well executed, but I think it's way overpriced and not in-line with the other restaurants in the area.  They need a happy hour to survive.  As it stands now I'd much rather go to Dim Sum House nearby for comparable (probably better) food, as well as a killer happy hour.  Willing to give it another chance someday, but right now the value proposition is just not there.Gorgeous, sexy, and modern Taiwanese restaurant in university city serving up a tapas style menu and unique cocktails. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Great location. 
I got the Peking duck bun, wok beef tenderloin with Chinese broccoli, Salt crusted shrimp pad Thai. Total win with every one of these dishes. 
Edamame pot sticker were just ok.. the ver blanc sauce was insane amazing, I would slather that all over my body, but the inside of the actual potsticker needed more texture IMO. It's just mashed edamame which reminded me of baby food. 
I hope they improve on a few of the presentations of the dishes (the rice crusted bass and the sauce on the plate could have looked better (color-wise and cleaner) AND they NEED to have a happy hour. 
Other than that, it's blue skies and rainbows. 
Oh, and the dessert... the pineapple bamboloni... 
I could gain a billion pounds and not care.. they were that good.   
I will defiantly go back to try the rest of the menu.Upscale take on Taiwanese street food. We tried six dishes and they were all delicious. Nice local beer list too. Will returnAfter learning that Danlu was the sister restaurant of Nectar in Berwyn, I had to go! It definitely did not disappoint! We had the duck bun, lamb sandwich, tuna and salmon sushi, edamame pot stickers, beef tenderloin, and shrimp pad thai. It was all amazing! I didn't care for the tuna because it was a bit Smokey for my liking, but everything else was nothing short of delicious! We also ordered sake which came in little juice boxes - also amazing. If you can't make it out to Nectar, definitely check out Danlu.This place is phenomenal. I'm not sure how anybody is leaving bad reviews here, maybe there were hiccups in the beginning but my experience was incredible. This is modern Asian food at it's finest. The pork belly sandwich, the short rib noodle soup, and the scallops were all incredible. My only regret is that I didn't go with a larger group of people so that I could have tried more of the menu. I don't leave Center City often, but might have to start making an exception for Danlu.Our waiter had no idea what he was doing. Completely Clueless. We ordered 5 items and they all came out together, not coursed and before our drinks. The drinks came 30 seconds after all the food. If this is their style of service he should have let us know or asked how we would like our food to be served. The food was bland, nothing stood out and nothing was notable. The owner came over and insisted on our honest opinion so we let him know. He's not familiar with service recovery. Never offered to comp anything we didn't like (which was everything). Never offered a complimentary dessert or a drink on the House. We weren't looking for anything but many places want to recover your business. He gave us his business card for the next time but not sure what we're supposed to do with that as there won't be a next time.So to start out I read a few reviews about the authenticity and I personally don't know about Vietnamese food, but the quality of the food is phenomenal. 
The cocktails and beer selection are also incredible so if you are just looking to drink with some good, quality food in University City I HIGHLY recommend this place. Bartenders and staff are superb.Nectar in main line is an outstanding experience. Danlu by the same owners is a downer! We ordered the stir fry beef with broccoli, noodles with beef, duck bun and edamame potstickers. The food quality is high but flavors are lacking. Felt like everything was unsalted and no spice whatsoever. Really sad because expected higher flavors. The ambiance is nice but restaurant felt cold and has drafts all around. They need curtains and heat. The waiter and the seating staff seemed very disinterested. Very disorganized, not well managed. Very expensive experiment that I won't try again.Just opened yesterday. Hoped to be impressed -- and I was . Tried a couple sandwiches , really enjoyed the Xi'an iron bread . I could do without the steamed buns ... But perhaps I'm just not into steamed buns .
The star was the edamame potstickers. Sauce was perfect , the filling was a creamy rich edamame , and whatever fried crisp it was on was amazing .
Other star of the dish was the basmati vegetable fried rice . Super super lite -- had butternut squash therein, and topped with a poached and deep fried egg that was cooked perfectly and oozed perfectly everywhere when cut . 
Beautiful buildout . Definitely recommend a try .This is a solid happy hour spot.  The drinks are good and the wait staff is attentive.  I agree with others about the food-- the menu doesn't seem to fit together well.  We had edamame dumplings and wonton soup, which were good.  I had some sort of fried rice/ biryani, which I could barely eat because it tasted overwhelmingly of raw onions.  Danlu has potential, but they have a lot of work to do on their food.I didn't know what to expect from this place as I just heard ran into some friends who wanted to grab food there. We went on a Thursday night and it wasn't that crowded, but given that it hasn't been opened for that long that was surprising. The decor of the restaurant was stunning and the vibe was very relaxing/casual. They really have the aesthetic down pat. And the waiters and the hostess were really nice and accommodating!
We ordered the Danlu bubble tea and we all loved the flavor, though we thought there was barely any vodka in it. In terms of food, ordered all the small plates, peking duck sandwich and the vegetable fried rice: 
- Danlu crispy edamame pot sticker: Easily my favorite dish of the night. The edamame was smooth and honestly didn't taste like edamame. The ginger vinaigrette almost tasted like cream cheese, but it really pairs well with the pot sticker!! Totally recommend this!!
- Grilled crepe with roasted chicken: Not a crepe at all in terms of how it is presented, and the tortilla-like wrap holding it together was pretty stiff. The chicken was also a little rubbery. 
- Pork Sausage: I feel like this dish really didn't come together in terms of everything complementing each other. The sausage and the potato spring roll were really delicious though!
- Wok stir fried bok choy: All the flavors were really subtly in this dish, I am used to ordering this dish and usually tasting more saltiness (from black bean or soy sauce) or sweetness (oyster sauce). The tofu was hardly present in the dish and kind of just fell to the bottom because of how small it is cut. 
- Peking duck sandwich: I think this can be a hit or miss depending on how you like your peking duck. The duck is a thickly sliced piece of meat, and personally had I known this, I would not have ordered it just because of how I prefer my baos. If you are the type of person who usually enjoys baos with mostly duck skin with a little meat, than this is not for you.  My friend also ordered this and she liked everything, except the fact that there wasn't enough sauce in it. 
-Vegetable fried rice: This was really good! We enjoyed the texture and overall flavor of it, except the heavy presence of the red onion. In addition, the poached egg was a nice touch, except it had no presence in the dish beyond us knowing it was there.
Overall, this restaurant is pretty good and is a refreshing option to what is available in university city. I definitely plan on visiting it in the future to try more of the cocktails and try other menu items.Very good and very different! Everything on the menu is affordably priced! Service is excellent! There's not much more you can ask for at Danlu!That's it? I ordered the hamachi tartare and it was a little disappointing looking. Granted, I should've known that a less common type of fish was gonna be either smaller or more expensive but they hit me with the combo. I thought the meal was going to be alot bigger but the server did not warn me ahead of time. 
When I got my meal I was left hungry and somewhat disappointed. The dish was good, not saying it wasn't. It was just not satisfying if you're really hungry, which I was. The meal was around $12 but luckily my friends and I shared some of Baos.
Overall, when I read it was street food, I thought the prices would match or at least the quantity. As a whole, I rather save my money and travel to Taiwan and support their economy and culture rather than come here. 
Overall: 3 (Rounded) 
Food: 3
Service: 3
Price: 2
Atmosphere: 4Incredible!
When you walk into Danlu you are immersed in quality. 
The Decor is absolutely breathtaking. Everything from the flooring, tables and chairs, bar area and even the bathrooms are pleasing to the eye.
I loved the selection of craft beers on tap, so many local ones too! The alcoholic Bubble Tea was a surprisingly creative and tasty drink as well.
Now lets talk food. OMG!!!! SOOOOO GOOD! For an appetizer I ordered the edamame pot stickers and they were insane! I could eat them everyday! I can't even describe how clever and satisfying these were. And the house made barrel aged vinegar they serve to dip the pot stickers in was addictive, I actually drank what was left over. For my main course I had the Taiwanese Sausage with the Brussels sprouts. Blown away again! Exploding with flavor and It practically melted in my mouth. 
I loved everything about this place and I can't wait to go back and try more things. 
I also have to say, I think the Taiwanese Night Market feel and inspiration was very much noticeable and I enjoyed the twist and creativity expressed throughout my entire experience.This place isn't taiwanese by ANY stretch of the imagination. It isn't Taiwanese just because you put soy sauce on it ‍
My waiter said Taiwanese night market... like what? Clearly none of you guys have been there cause you wouldn't be saying that.
This is at best modern American with Asian (Chinese) inspiration. 
What I said above isn't to say the food isn't good. It isn't bad at all but it DEFINITELY it not Taiwanese night market food LOL. Like literally LOL 
Been here a few times because the food is decent and atmosphere is really nice. But beware the food is fairly expensive. $7 for a bao bun is ridiculous but then again it was REALLY good. So I'm conflicted. 
Despite everything I would come back.Love love love this place!! The food is delicious (the duck bun and the crispy chicken are my faves), the space is beautiful, and the staff is absolutely lovely - patient, friendly, and helpful. What an awesome addition to U City!This place is awesome. We had a combo of small and large plates. The edamame potstickers and sauce were light and delicious. The spicy lamb shoulder didn't disappoint. The yellowfin tuna was lightly smoked and bursting wirh lots of flavor. The scallops and shrimp wontons were exceptional and the celery mussel foam was so good, I took the leftover sauce and poured it on the fried rice as I couldn't let it go to waste. 
The goat cheese ice cream was light and flavorful and a nice way to finish off the meal. It was well worth a trip to the city from the burbs.Gorgeous new restaurant.  Service was super fast and friendly.  Chinese street foods with a little twist.  We liked everything tonight but our favorites were the bok choi with mushrooms and the Peking duck sandwich.Visited today for happy hour at the bar. Bar service was average not very friendly. Food was good. It's a one and done for me.Menu never changes, and the drink list is now sad. place has gone downhill. Used to like the shrimp pad Thai, but the last two times I ordered it I got a mix of bad shrimp and fresh shrimp, it tasted so weird. They should just reopen it as a nectar and stop attempting the Taiwanese street cuisine.The food and service were fantastic.  They make you feel welcome the moment you walk in and the waitstaff are very attentive.  I would recommend trying the Hamachi Tartare and be sure to check out the extensive draft beer selection.definite potential here, food is very fresh and interesting; the small plate bun sandwiches were inspired, vegetable starters like the bok choy perfectly prepared.  Space is really beautiful and has potential as an after work or school meet up spot.  However, drinks need some work; watery and not nearly as interesting as their descriptions, though the smoked manhattan was well prepared.  Service could be a little more polished as well though this is likely due to them being new. 
Will definitely check it out for happy hour and for dinner again!Taiwanese tapas restaurant. Food was delicious. We had Taiwanese pork sausage with Brussels sprouts, shrimp pad Thai, He fen Duck-- all beautifully prepared. Restaurant itself is modern and nicely decorated. Service was excellent. You can't go wrong here.(3.5 stars) I gotta agree with most of the other reviews that this definitely doesn't feel like Taiwanese cuisine, but the food is still pretty solid, the space is beautiful, and it's a nice change of pace from the other options around. Also lunch wasn't as pricey as I was expecting (~$12 a meal). 
The Taiwanese pork sausage was great for sharing, didn't blow me away but it was enjoyable. (The Brussels sprouts and sausage didn't pair as well as I hoped.) The beef short rib was my favorite, a nice ramen-like dish with soft noodles, a little bit of heat and super tender meat. Would definitely order again next time.Amazing service! Awesome food and wonderful drink selection with some stellar and surprising wines from unexpected places.
This is truly an upscale Asian dining experience worth your while. Fav dishes were definitely the edamame potstickers, pork belly bun, hamachi tartar, and black diamond goat cheese ice crime. Also definitely try the Cote Mas if you are into white wine and the Pavo Real if you prefer reds.
Yes, the intention is small plates and sharing dishes, but the flavors are powerful and substantial. Definitely walked out happy and full! Thnx Danlu team and congrats on a great first week.Everything at this restaurant is extremely well made and very very delicious!
The edamame dumplings/potstickers are the best I've ever had!     Their pork belly buns and noodle dish options are equally delicious!
The Staff and Management are quite pleasant and helpful!
Thank you Danlu Team!  I'll be back!!
Brian M.I had a lovely experience here on new yr eve!
We had a light meal, basically one 3-course meal for 2 people~ everything was very enjoyable! We started with the sausage, curry spring roll on papaya salad.  The 3 items together seem almost random to me lol but they do taste pretty well as a combo. The mango sauce was spot on. Light, sweet and appetizing that complimented the curry spring rolls very well! 
For entree, we had the short rib ramen in soy sauce. This dish was very unexpected. They told us it was a noodle soup which is also not very accurate. The bowl of ramen had a sauce but it wasn't soup... the noodles were good but couldn't soak in any flavor from the sauce so that needs to be worked on. Putting that aside, I loved the fried soft boil egg and the short rib was amazingly tender!!! The dish overall was very delish and I would certainly recommend! I think the noodle bowl is just one step away from completion! 
For dessert, we had the bombolini which were Chinese donuts with pineapple bits as garnish.  The dish comes with 5 balls and they were very yummy! Just wish there were more filling in the middle. The serving is definitely perfect for sharing! 
Our 1 meal for 2 came to the mid 30s after tax~ it might be unfair to compare Danlu to the restaurants in Chinatown. Danlu is more similar to Sampan or pod on the trendy fusion side. The place has potential! It looks to me some things are still in the testing stage and they need to fix a thing here and there to truly represent the type of cuisine they're offering. 
Either way, I think it's worth a visit especially if it'll on the way for you~ hopefully they're here to stay!The good: the raw smoked tuna and the book choy with cashews were both excellent. 
The ok: edamame potstickers. The dumplings themselves were good, but the sauce was bad, and the weird cracker thing they were served on was odd.
The bad: Salmon entree was overcooked, bland, and just generally unappetizing. The ramen was all wrong. The broth tasted like regular beef broth instead of tonkatsu broth, was too sweet, and just didn't taste like ramen broth should. The egg was ok, but the pork belly was overcooked and lacked flavor. The noodles were fine, but not chewy enough or flavorful.Wow! This place is awesome. Great service, Sergio was very attentive and had great suggestions. The smoked yellow fin tuna is amazing,  Danlu crispy edamame pot stickers incredible,  scallops with shrimp wonton is heaven.  Vegetable fried rice with poached eggs = I want more.   Bubble tea vodka and Sake Sangria very tasty. Dessert try the goat cheese ice cream with rye waffles. Pineapple curd bomboloni is sinful.  A must try!!!Awesome spot. Great drinks, fair prices. I visit every time I'm in town from NYC. My friend Ryder brought me by, and now I bring everyone that comes to Philly with me.Went twice so far, nice wait staff and food is pretty good but not quite worth the price tag. EXCEPT I love their bok choi with spicy cashews, that was delicious! Today I tried their pad Thai with sea salt crusted shrimp - sounds good right - but the shrimp were old which just made the $17 dish a huge disappointment. I guess I'd try their veggie pad Thai next time at least the noodles etc were pretty good just not $14 good.This place is new and is now one of my favorite restaurants to eat at when I'm in the City. I even recommend this spot to my clients. 
The selection of craft beer and specialty cocktails was an added bonus to the perfectly prepared menu items. I just tried The Danlu burger & it blew my mind. I almost always get the pork Bun, edamame Pot Stickers & pad Thai which are unlike anything I've had or could get anywhere else. 
I'll be returning often.Dan Lu was an average American style Asian restaurant.
First, the good. the service was fantastic. They definitely have a strong emphasis on training and teamwork (Service 5/5).
None of this food was Taiwanese street food, however. What brought us here were articles from local media describing the restaurant as a tapas style restaurant with Taiwanese street food. Upon arrival, we found a unique mix of Asian food. There was a raw fish section (sushi), fried rice, pork belly buns, and pad thai, among other things. 
Only the Tuna hamachi was memorable out of the various items we ordered. We had a party of four so we ordered a good amount of items off the menu. We also ordered 2 of the 3 desserts - all below average. Everything else was average to mediocre (Food 2/5). 
I really liked the atmosphere. The restaurant interior is comparable to other high end restaurants in Philadelphia (Ambiance 5/5).
The restaurant has great service and great atmosphere. The good news is that those are sometimes the hardest things to get right. The bad news is that Danlu suffers greatly from an identity crisis. It simply has no idea what it wants to be: Chinese? Japanese? Thai?
There's also no focus on one specific type of cuisine. There were various Asian countries represented. As an Asian person (obviously), it annoys me when restaurants think they can mix dishes from different countries onto a menu and call it something (in this case, Taiwanese). This would be equivalent to having fish and chips, steak tartare, and paella on the same menu. I truly Danlu has great potential. It nails service and has great atmosphere...if it could only get its culinary side right.My friends and I had dinner at Danlu on Friday. We were sorely disappointed to find that nothing Danlu serves can even hold a candle to Taiwanese street food. 
We tried the peking duck bun, pork belly bun, hamachi tartare, edamame potstickers, rice crusted striped bass, and pineapple bamboloni. The only thing that tasted remotely Taiwanese was the pork belly bun; however, by Asian standards, the pork was dry and the flavors imbalanced. Even by fusion standards, everything was bland. Weirdly our favorite dish ended up being the bamboloni, a dish that did not come across as Asian. 
While I would normally bump up my rating for a new restaurant, I am not going to this time because the concept itself is misguided. Street food, modern or not, should not be expensive. And if you are going to charge a high price, it better be mind blowing. This was not.Came here for Valentine's Day after failing to secure a last minute reservation anywhere else, and was surprised to find such a quality eatery. The food here is quite unique, and is a good blend of eastern and western cuisine. This place gets Fusion right, down to the diverse array of staff. Fried dumplings were a great starter.They don't know to call people when they close the kitchen at 930 with reservations. When I called they had no concept of open table reservation. Next time contact people when ur closing the kitchen something that should never happen at a supposedly good philly restaurant. This has never happened to me nor should it. Absolutely furious I went there.I went here on Tuesday 2/20. The restaurant is absolutely beautiful inside. A lot of attention has been paid to the decor, furniture, menu. The service was good. However, the food itself was extremely disappointing and in some cases inedible. 
We ordered:
Peking Duck bao - this was fine and tasted ok. 
Xi'an with spicy lamb shoulder - this was ok, though very salty. 
Wok stir-fried bok choy - the mushrooms were nice. The bok choy and tofu were tasteless and boring; oil was the only flavor. 
Crispy edamame potsticker - the flavor profile of these was very strange, and the sauce was oddly sour. 
Chicken wonton soup - the broth had zero flavor. It tasted like water. I did eat 2 of the wontons, and they were ok. 
Beef short rib noodle soup - the flavor profile of these seemed very off. I didn't want to swallow the one bite of them that I had. 
I like to think of myself as not picky, and I've tried and enjoyed a huge variety of foods from all over the world. I love ethiopian and korean flavors, have tried a wide range of foods including roasted grasshoppers in Oaxaca and pumpkin leaf stew in Malawi. I guess what I'm trying to say is, I think my palate is pretty ok. I like to think that if I ate Taiwanese food at a night market in Taiwan, I could appreciate it. So my only conclusion is that Danlu is getting it wrong. 
If my husband and I are paying $60 for a meal, we definitely want to be excited to eat our food. I won't be going back to Danlu.This was my third time going to Danlu. The food is high end but the flavors need to be a bit more balanced. The service from all the waiters is outstanding, it's probably the nicest service you will get. However, I hope you don't have any issues with your meal because the manager is not up to speed with the rest of the restaurant. Did not take suggestions well, or was open to dealing with the customers opinion. I felt like the manager couldn't care less if there are people eating at the restaurant or if the customer leaves with a good taste from the experience. Very rigid policy for the happy hour sitting even though the restaurant is close to empty. Very dissatisfying and offsetting as a potential local client. I would suggest revisiting the policy on how to accommodate clients when you are a brand new restaurant and to be open to suggestions. Danlu, wish you luck, but no recommendations are coming from my behalf.Very nice interior. Spacious. Not loud (we went for happy hour). Brightly lit. Seating at the bar is a bit cramped. 
Happy hour menu looked promising. Several drink and food options. My friend liked the beer he got but that was about it...I had the Alcoholic Bubble tea. Didn't taste like bubble tea at all. It was just punch and the boba were too firm. We got four items off the happy hour menu. 
- Peking Duck spring rolls - Barely any duck in the roll. Roll wasn't even full of other filler like carrots or cabbage - they were just empty. Came with an unappetizing looking pomegranate jelly which didn't taste like much and didn't save the rolls. 
- Crispy Octopus - The best one we got but nothing especially good.
- Red Snapper - Very bland. 
- Bao Bun - 5$ for one bun was steep and again, wasn't very flavorful. Could have simply used more salt for starters. 
Server was very friendly! Definitely would not go back ever. There are much better Chinese restaurants in the area and China Town is also close enough.The first thing my friend texted me as he arrived was "I think I'm underdressed for this place." Indeed Danlu is a very new and nice restaurant, perfect for romantic or platonic friend dates. The place is not loud and is great for conversations. We got seated quickly and the waiter is very attentive and engaging in a lot of conversations with the customers. When I asked what he would recommend, he quickly gave us recommendation for each section of the menu. 
We ordered the stir fry chicken and shrimp pad Thai. Both dishes are cooked very well and full of flavors, but I did wish the portion was larger for the price. I was not used to these traditionally cheap eat dishes to be presented so exquisitely, but it was overall very worth the experience.Danlu is a beautiful space and the food is wonderful.  They were very accommodating with our reservations.  They also gave us the best corner booth.  I really appreciated this because we were celebrating my boyfriend's promotion.  The service was great.  Absolutely no complaints whatsoever.  I rarely head into the University City area (we live in center city) but this was a wonderful experience.  Great place!!Love Danlu! Great menu with beautiful ambiance. Service is great, drinks are awesome!Came here last night to celebrate my bf bday/night out and received almost-horrible service. Host was nice and greeted us immediately. It was about 930-945pm and the restaurant doesn't close until 11 so we figured we should be ok. The waitress comes over and introduced herself but seem a bit off, Almost as if she was mad we came in to dine. Strike 1
I mentioned his bday was tonight - she totally brushed it off and didn't even say happy bday. Ok.. maybe she didn't hear us, whatever.
Strike 2
Took about 10-15 minutes to take our drink orders, and end up forgetting about one drink but we said forget it's fine. (But How do u forget when you have ONE table to serve; we were literally the only ppl dining besides some ppl at the bar having a couple drinks.)
Strike 3 
Apps & small plates are out, we're eating and was wondering where was the rest after 15 minutes in? Well she was waiting for us to finish our small  plates but she also never mentioned if we wanted them out at once or as they are made which most waiters ask.  The whole time we thought our entrees were coming out but it seemed like she never put in the order. So she asked us if we were done and I'm like just bring every out (being considerate of time) and she's like well I thought you guys wanted to finish this first- um.. NO. she knew it was out first time here and we order several things bc we like to taste different things on the menu with new places‍
Don't want to make this story any longer than what it is, but we end up asking for the rest of the food to
Be packed, got our check (still tipped the minimum even we were still hungry and did not like her attitude from the beginning) and left. 
Food wise: it was great, really liked everything we ordered and ate there. Had the rest for leftovers today but it was still good. Just wish we had a better dining experience especially on an occasion that was special to me for my bf. I get the fact that it was almost closing time but cmon, In this line of work you must be patient. Any job that deals with the people requires patience !tl;dr - This place confused and disappointed me. Not for people looking for a traditional Chinese/Taiwanese/whatever they're aiming to be meal. Also pricey. 
Yeah, I'm not into this place. Space is really nice and roomy, and I could see how it would be a good place for a date, but the flavors (some of which are just... weird) just don't hit it for me and it's DEFINITELY far from authentic - so much so that my friend and I were the only Asian people in sight (waiters included), and felt really out of place and largely disappointed by the prices and the food (and even a little confused). If you're Asian, you know what I'm talking about with the only-asian-in-the-room comment. 
I ordered the Bak Choy and my friend ordered the He Fen. Yes, the 河粉 - or as the waitress corrected my Chinese friend after she ordered, he (as in, he went outside) fin. 
Both dishes were undersalted and did not have enough flavor; we had to add in a good amount of soy sauce. My dish was not bad once I added some salt, but I thought my friend's dish just tasted strange with the pomegranate. Definitely did not taste like Taiwanese street food. 
The service was... adequate. Nothing stunning like other reviewers have said, but it was fine. Overall, seems like this restaurant is trying to be something it's not, and it definitely is not worth the price for food with very little flavor. Skip this one!Oh hell to the yes! I loved my food and drink here!
After reading quite a few reviews and looking repeatedly at the menu, I came to the conclusion that this is not a dinner place. Today I went in that odd time for restaurants-after lunch and before dinner. I think that is the ideal time to try Danlu.
The space is well done and trendy looking without demanding too much of your attention. It's spacious but comfortable. It was barely habited when I arrived with my friend, P., so I can't comment on the noise level. The staff is very welcoming, and Sergio, our charming French waiter, was a delight. 
Friend P. and I had a long trek here on foot and as it was in the 70s, we were thirsty and hot. P. had the house cider and liked it a great deal. I thought it tasted like kombucha (yuck) but my U City Clementini (made with gluten free vodka-hey!) was so refreshing, over the course of several hours I drank 3. 
We ordered tuna tartare which we pretty much inhaled. The fish was very fresh, lightly seasoned and absolutely delicious protein. Nice presentation and the tuna was allowed to be the star.
We also had the Clementine Salad which was fantastic. It comes with a soft cooked egg that is coated in panko and then deep fried. The idea is for you to pierce the egg to make a yolk-y sauce for the salad. Eggs cooked that way make me gag, but P. is an egg lover so that part of the salad went straight to his plate so we could both enjoy this well executed dish-endive, baby mustard greens, clementines and cashews. It was lightly dressed, like the tuna, so the crisp delights of all the ingredients were not drowned in heavily seasoned dressing.
Our third dish was the Taiwanese sausage with roasted brussels sprouts and this was so damn good, we made a second order. The sausage has a tinge of sweetness offset by the almost crisply roasted broccoli leaves. The play of bitter, sweet, crunchy and chewy was divine and if it had been up to greedy me, I would have ordered a third serving.
Sergio's service was fantastic and as we finished the last crunchy leaves of roasted sprouts and the dregs of our drinks, he chatted with us about France, food trucks, Philly bread and similarities between Philly and Paris. 
I think this is the kind of place where one would go with a friend or a group to sit, relax, order from the interesting house cocktail list, share as many small plates as you can afford or fit into your pie hole. I would not choose this as a dinner restaurant and that is not a dis of this venue in the least. For us, the variety of the food and the space itself really invites one to suspend a few hours out of the rat race, sample the well done small plates in an inviting atmosphere and then go back into the outside world full, happy, refreshed and just a bit tipsy. We will most definitely be back. Three cheers for Danlu!Danlu seems to be the first upscale Asian fusion restaurant in University City. As a new establishment, the decor is modern and attractive outside.
Three of us had a late lunch here for a celebration on a weekday. The overall experience was good but not impressive. The best part of Danlu was the service, outstanding when there were only few tables that day. Also, the modern decor is visually pleasant and the the awesome-looking bar seems to be a great happy hour choice.
However, the food we ordered was either a hit or miss. For what I tasted, the complementary egg appetizer was really tasty (the best dish of my meal), the stir-fried ho fen was above average with innovative ingredients in a good way (duck & duck sausage). However, the main dish I ordered crispy chicken was extremely underwhelming, not crispy and too saucy, probably the same quality as the $8 takeout from a neighborhood American Chinese restaurant. As for my dining companions' dishes, one  seemed to enjoy the edamame pot stickers, but the other said the sliced  filet mignon with lo mein was so average and not creative at all.
By Asian fusion standard, Danlu is above average as a whole package, but suffers from the struggle between tradition and creativity. Their dishes wasn't delicous enough by traditional standard yet not creative enough nor perfectly executed as Buddakan.
Danlu has great potential but really need to figure out what they want to be. The drink menu seems great though, I can't speak of it because I drink minimal alcoholic drinks.My family ate at Danlu in University City, Philadelphia the night of 2/18/18.  The service was poor - they brought dishes we didn't order twice.  Took a long time to get what we ordered. My wife's dish had sliced jalepnos not mentioned on the menu - so hot she couldn't eat it.  They still charged us for it.  Apparently, they cancelled our reservation in Open Table so we couldn't post a review there.
Other than the spice without warning, the other dishes we had ranged from good to very good.  The wait staff are polite but not on a par with other similar restaurants.  Good potential thoughNot bad, but I think the marketing of Taiwanese street food set the wrong expectation for me. I would say this is more of a new American take on general Asian food, which let me down.
First, the drink menu seems good. They are a gastropub, and the space had a spacious and hip vibe. I ordered the gin and shiso drink, which was good. My friends ordered the nectar and xingxian which were more on the juice tasting spectrum of a cocktail. The beer and wine list seemed decent.
We started with a pork belly bun and duck bun. These came as singles and aren't really meant to be shared. The pork belly meat was kind of plain, and I've had better in Philly (these are pretty much everywhere). The duck was not bad, there was a good amount of skin, meat, and sauce.
We ordered some small plates: bok choy, tuna tartar, and edamame dumplings. Bok choy was good, there were some nuts and tofu mixed in, not super exciting though. Tuna tartar was good too, but its a very tiny portion. The edamame dumplings were very odd to me. They came with a parmesan crisp and a ginger vinaigrette. I would have preferred a soy sauce based dip and no parmesan.
We then had the he fen with duck and Taiwanese sausage and the shrimp pad thai. The he fen (flat rice noodles) was a let down. The sausage was not what I recall as Taiwanese, and the noodles had very little flavor. Regular beef chow fun from a Chinese restaurant would have been more satisfying. The shrimp pad thai was tasty, but I can get this at most Thai restaurants. 
Overall, nothing was bad, and the service was good. There are so many amazing creative modern Asian restaurants in Philly, that it's a high bar to compare to. Some of the dishes served were very basic Asian foods that have been done better elsewhere, and others needed to pack more interesting flavor. But this is their opening week so who knows, maybe the menu will improve.Danlu which means 'nectar' in Chinese is a sweet Taiwanese spot in Powelton Village in the University City quarter of Philly.  You can't help but notice how beautiful this restaurant is as soon as you walk in.  It combines light and airy with a cool & hip chicness .... and lots of wood. Danlu claims to be Taiwanese street food but I'm not sure about that.  If it's true, Taiwan has the most upscale street food in the world. And upscale prices to match.  Now saying all this, the food is very tasty at Danlu and beautifully presented.  I especially liked the Taiwanese sausage served with roasted shaved Brussel sprouts. If I could afford to order about three or four of these, I would gladly snack on them watching an Eagles game.  My Peking duck steamed bun - like a bao sandwich - was also good with a nice mixture of shiso, cucumber, scallion, and peanut butter in addition to the duck.  The house-made Taiwanese chili oil was a wonderful addition.  And last but by no means least - don't forget to leave room for dessert.  The Taiwanese pineapple bambolini are totally addictive.  If you are sharing dessert, I bet you can't eat just one!  Service was very attentive throughout the meal.  I'm pretty sure Danlu will be a winner in the burgeoning University City dining scene!I am sorry to say, but I was pretty disappointed by my first meal at Danlu tonight. I was super excited to go because I had heard good things and I love Taiwanese night market foods. But I think giving three stars may have been generous. First, the restaurant is huge! I'm not sure if it's because people don't know about the place but it's pretty deserted. I came with a large group of people and we felt pretty out of place because it was so quiet and empty. 
I ordered the Shuang Martini, which was a lychee flavored Martini. It tasted like they used canned lychee juice (which is fine, whatever) but what bothered me the most was that it wasn't a very strong Martini. I'm not asking for a super heavy pour, but Martini's are heavy on the liquor and I honestly couldn't taste any liquor in it. I've had better lychee martinis at Han Dynasty.  I then ordered the pork bun and the Taiwanese Duck He Fen. The pork bun was just alright. After having pork buns at momofuku in NYC, it's really not comparable at all. The noodles were also just fine. They were surprisingly underseasoned, which I usually find happening the other way around. They also had sausage and duck in the noodles and I really didn't think the sausage was necessary. I'm not a huge fan of Asian sausage, but just having the duck would make it less complicated. The sausage also overpowered the dish too much. Overall, I was pretty disappointed and probably won't go back until I see it getting better reviews.