I love the atmosphere of this place...and the name is great too, isn't it? I took my dad here once for dinner, and the food was unique, and delicious! Can't go wrong with a Guiness and a chicken pot-pie; maybe throw in a small caesar salad, and a few more Guiness afterwards. Plenty of room in this place - I've never seen it crowded. Parking could be tricky, but who knows...it's hit or miss.  The Philly parking authority in this area are hawks...miserable disgusting unreasonable dickhead hawks!  If you're late on your meter by even 2 or 3 minutes, you'll be given the privilege of making a $26 donation to the Philadelphia commonwealth!  Calm down Jimbo...they're just doing their job, right?  It's your fault for not being responsible and adding an extra 50 cents to the meter!  Anyway, you can't go wrong with this place. There's a few other small bars/restaurants along the same strip here, so give'em a try (I haven't yet).- overall rating: 3.5
- went for brunch
- recommend: eggs benedict 
- pleasant staff, quiet enough, food took a while to get to us
- could stand to have a touch more AC during their summer monthsThis place used to be called the Dickens Inn and I like it better now.  It's run more smoothly and the new owners run a tighter ship.  The menu has gotten hell of a lot better - the antipasto platter is out of this world and their salads are pretty amazing.  My only warning is for the ladies: stay away from the bartender downstairs.Great place to chill out with some friends or finish the night off after bar hopping.  There are actually 3 bar upstairs and 2 more dining rooms with  one bar on the first floor.  It gets pretty packed on the weekends and seems to be drawing more of the college crowd than it used to.  I like it because I know the owner after going there for about 4 years now - he's a great guy... most of the time.  I've only had the food when I was already pretty well lit and can say it's just perfect for those times.  Dark Horse doesn't try to be overly fancy - it's just bar food and it being average is just perfect in my opinion.
Update:  The last few times I have visited the Dark Horse the place has been PACKED beyond belief.  I feel that I can no longer go back here as the room get's too hot and too loud now with rambunctious out of towners.Nice place but I must say the people who work there are some what a problem. I was here for a party one night when one of the bartenders brothers had come into the bar and decided to start an argument with one of the ladies who attended the party. He was drunk out of his mind but she was told as well as few others including myself to leave. A huge argument started from there when one of the bouncers had come up to check the problem.
He and myself managed to calm everything down and easily started to get everyone out when all of the sudden the bouncer working the door decided to come upstairs and throw his weight around screaming in everyones face telling everyone "to get the F out of his bar". When I tried to tell him to calm down that we have everything handled and everyone was leaving somewhat happy, he looked me right in the eye and screamed in my face that he didn't give a $hit and that I better get out of his F--ing bar. I highly doubt he owned the bar but this was a horrible experience and I will never go to this place again.
Your treated like crap even after spending a ton of money and apparently they can throw you out when someone related or knows someone who works there decides to start with the other peopleJust ate here for the first time this past Saturday night.  Sat outside and it was quite pleasant.  The fish and chips are outstanding.  Light, flaky batter, done just right.  That with a Smithwicks -- life is good.  My husband's burger was "OK" he said, but I didn't taste it.I had to throw a party in Philly at the last minute, and as an out-of-towner, I was nervous about finding the right place. I'm so lucky to have stumbled upon Dark Horse. I found beyond-helpful, need-anticipating staff, tasty food, a good beer selection, fair prices and a cool atmosphere. I loved it. I wish I could go back there more often.Very mediocre Irish pub food. Not many beer options and some of the basic ones not availableI used to live right around the corner from Dark Horse and I've been here quite a bit. Honestly, every time I go, it's pretty "meh". It's usually pretty empty, the darts are kind of busted, the service is fairly slow (granted, the place is freaking huge). That said, the building is fairly gorgeous and chock full of interesting bar memorabilia and sports swag, I have had some pretty tasty food here (Irish breakfast and some of the salads to name a few items) and I've had some good beer and cool shots (i.e. Chocolate Pretzel shot) over the course of many visits. Bottom line, it'll do for a quick beer and a bite before/after a concert and can be a nice quiet spot to watch a game, but I think there are a number of pubs in the city that are a heck of a lot more fun on a Friday night. Sorry Dark Horse =/So I'm walking down the street with my brother on the way to the Dark Horse to meet up with other yelpers for our first attempt at quizzo and we run into Rebecca S. Laughing and joking, we open the door of the bar and go in with my loud ass leading the way. As I step through the door, my voice apparently and unbelievably immediately drops to a whisper, which I only discover  when both Rebecca and Emmett laugh and whisper back simultaneously, "you're not in church." Oh, but I was... it was just a church of drinking... the next week, I laughed for about fifteen minutes when I returned and followed in a boisterous trio of young guys only to hear them, too, unconsciously drop their voices to a whisper the instant they crossed the threshold...
The Dark Horse is a fantastic example of a colonial Philadelphia bar and as you wend your way up and back to the bar where Quizzo is held, you (or at least I) can only be awed by the luscious woods and labyrinthine beauty of the place. Each time I have been there, the downstairs is silent as a tomb regardless of the number of patrons inside. Disappointingly, the dining room and the Whiskey Bar have also been closed and I have been unable to explore to my satisfaction. The Quizzo bar, however, has consistently been hopping and I gotta say it's a cleverly done and competitive night with a fun and wide range of question types and categories. 
Beers are not cheap-- face it, you're still downtown, and lately Yuengling has been pushing their Light Lager so hard that they are making it impossible for the bar to do anything but run light specials (says the bartender who wears the soccer jersey). bleck. $4 lagers are a little much for me, but are really just the average price down here, so I can't really complain. The food was bar food, but good. Solid and fresh chicken fingers, crispy and salty fries (and a lot of them, too). Though I didn't eat it myself, I watched two people eat the hummus for over an hour, with just about everything anyone ordered at the table as the dipping utensil, as well as forcing the ever-attentive busboys to leave the plate of hummus there until every last morsel was devoured, so it's gotta be delicious, right? 
I am actually a huge fan of the Dark Horse and, regardless of yelp Quizzo, am pretty sure I will be frequenting it whenever I'm in the neighborhood (and yay! I have a cousin at 5th and south, so it could be pretty often!)...The Dark Horse is my go-to for watching soccer on weekend mornings. On any given weekend from September to May you'll find this place crowded with an authentic soccer crowd sucking down Guinness after Guinness. Seriously, if there is a big match on at 7:30 or 8:00 AM, the place will be rocking. It's the closest thing I've found to watching in a pub in Liverpool. 
My friends and I come once or twice a month to catch our favorite team's game and enjoy some good pub grub while we're at it. The English breakfast has a magical hangover cure effect which, when coupled with a shot and a beer, can get you moving right along with your day. 
Even when the place isn't packed, it still has a markedly English atmosphere. Stop in if you're enjoying a Sunday afternoon in Old City if you want to grab a beer and play darts. 
I've never been here at night except to watch a USA game, but I'd imagine there's a bit of a yuppie crowd. If you're in the area, I'd also recommend Xochitl across the street.Perhaps I am a little overly excited about this bar, as I haven't found any good pubs like this in California.  However, being that it is also my sister's favorite bar and she has a million to choose from, I am going to say that my five stars are justified. 
We came to the bar for a post work drink (well, my sister post work... me post travel) and I really dug the atmosphere.  I love having bars/rooms from which to choose and think that it is a great way to make the place feel cozy while not being overly crowded.  I also really likes the dark colors, making the place feel snug.  There were a number of beers on tap and $3 Blue Moons was such a steal.  Friendly bartenders and the food looked decent (although I didn't try it).   The whole place just had a true Philly/Pub vibe that I couldn't get enough of it.
This would definitely become my favorite local spot, if it weren't a six hour plane ride away....We came to Dark Horse after my roommate's brother was craving wings, but the Artful Dodger, our first choice, was closed due to a baby shower being held there (that's right, a baby shower at a bar. I had the same reaction).
Anyway, the place is rather large, with many choices of where to sit and/or drink. We chose the restaurant area upstairs to get some chow.
The beer list is underwhelming, but the quesadillas I had were really, really good! It was the scallions. They added so much flavor!  My friends said the wings were also tasty, and that the mac and cheese was out of this world.  My roommate's burger was overdone, but still looked juicy nonetheless.
Overall, an acceptable beer selection with good food.Dark Horse is probably the best South Street bar. It's got a warm, dark, pub feel; the many dartboards are well maintained and the house darts aren't dollar-store brand. The beers are pretty ordinary - Smithwicks, Harp, Guinness, Lager, Blue Moon. 
I went this past week had the calamari which was a small, mediocre portion with strange fried slices of garlic but tasty aoili, and an order of the fries with curry, which were delicious and made up for the calamari. All in all, Dark Horse is a good, dependable bar.Been to Dark Horse one or two times and just had beer. Stopped by on Weds to have a few before a show at the TLA and gave the half-price appetizers a go. Sadly I forget what hours this runs but it was around 6 when I was there.
The fried ravioli and jalapeño popper platter was decent, the poppers being better than the fried ravioli. The filling was cheddary whereas some places it's queso fresco or cream cheese. The rosemary hummus was good too and came with a generous amount of pita. Most of the appetizers seem to run $5-8 so at half off of those prices you're not paying more than $4 for anything.
$3 Yuengling and Blue Moon during happy hour... not too bad. 
They do have outdoor seating even though apparently a few people have said that they don't. It's a nice place to sit out and there are four or five tables. I've never gone inside except to use the john. 
Service was fast and attentive until the bill was paid. I'd gone to the little boys room leaving a $20 with the bill (total of which was $23) and expected my friend to ask for change. Instead we ended up leaving $38 and the waiter came in and out a number of times before I finally told him we needed change. He said he hadn't even opened up the bill yet. I believe him because you've got to be a pretty sleazy waiter to think that a $15 tip on a $23 check isn't a mistake... but still... don't give up on me just because I'm leaving.
In the end.. high marks because I like the atmosphere and the prices were reasonable. 
People were smoking outside but I'm not sure if you're allowed to smoke inside. As I recall there's a state-wide ban coming up soon, though I'm not sure if that covers outdoor areas, so it may not matter for long.Dark Horse used to be one of my favorite local bars to hit up until they changed ownership to Cavanaugh's.   The menu was great but they switched it up with food similar to the other Cavanaugh's bars.  So really there's nothing special anymore.  When they first switched over my roommate and I actually got charged $7 each for a yeungling lager at the bar, and they charged our friends something like $4.75 at the table.  Hey....awesome.     Last time I was there I also was charged $6.75 for a Guinness.   Hey...awesome.    They also advertise half price burgers but then charge $1 for toppings.  Hey....awesome.      
The only thing worth going here for is the happy hour, I think it's $3 you call its.   
I'm hoping things start to get a little better but I'm not thrilled with the new ownership.I've been going here for a long time and the place certainly has a great deal of charm, but it definitely has some room for improvement. If you want an authentic British/Irish pub, this is your place. Unlike a lot of run of the mill frat bars with thrift sale irish decor pedding fizzy yellow swill, this place gives you feel of a night out in Dublin without the ten-hour plane ride. The place is cozy and makes you feel at home, even if it is a bit of a rabbit warren.
     The beer selection is perfect: broad enough selection that you have good choices of brands and styles while still having a decent selection of familiar labels. The staff always excellent and attentive. You might have to wait if they're slammed, but you'll never be ignored.
     Dark Horse could do a little better in some areas. The food menu and kitchen needs work. The menu features some really good irish dishes, but veers off course with offerings like pizza and calamari that don't fit the theme of the place. The food prep is inconsistent. I've had a delicious burger one time and disgusting fish and chips the next. Prices here tend to be on the high side and for what you're paying the customers deserve better than burnt to a crisp french fries. The best dish on the menu may be the irish breakfast.
     Go there for an EPL soccer match and the place is electric. Mondays they have a good quizzo that brings a good crowd. Fridays and Saturdays the place is packed to the gills.
     All in all, the place is worth a visit and is loads better than the average South Street bar.Yawn.  Okay... maybe that's a bit harsh...
If you're a darts lover no doubt Dark Horse is your go-to place in the city, and I can appreciate that (even though I'm the kind of person you'll want to be at least ten yards away from when *I* choose to play).
But Dark Horse is not keeping up with the times, I'm afraid.  The beer selection is decidedly stuck in 1994, and the food menu hasn't had an inventive addition of any sort in... well... ever.. and I say this hearkening all the way back to the days when Dark Horse was called The Dickens Inn (anyone else old enough to remember that?).  At least in those days you could still do "yards", the glasses for which are now de-commissioned and relegated to the TGIFriday's-style wall decor of the place.  Not that I'd do a "yard" today even if I could (they're probably illegal anymore), but at least that was something that made the place special.  Now, sadly, nothing makes this place special save the darts.
Any time I've landed there I've found myself wanting to hit the pavement 2/3rds of the way into my pint.The bad outweights the good at Dark Horse.
The place itself it cute. We came here one night last summer to watch a Union game. They had a room reserved just for people to watch the game. We were there super early with a few other people and got a seat at the bar. They had a big tv set up in the front of the room for everyone to watch. We ordered some beers and were enjoying ourselves. 
Then we decided to order food. I got the mac n cheese and it was the most disgusting thing I've ever eaten. I'm not even kidding when I say that I'm pretty sure they just melted cheese whiz over noodles. Then once the game started the little room got so packed that we couldn't see or hear the tv. 
We left and went to fox and hound were we got amazing seats right in front of the big screen and enjoyed the rest of the game and some better food.Upgrade!
Ok, I've now been back several times, both for private parties and Monday night quizzo.  It looks like I'm becoming a regular.
Monday night quizzo is by far my favorite.  The team grabs a table and we do our best to win enough money to cover our tab.
Last night I tried both the grilled portobello salad and the smoked salmon salad.  Wow.  The grilled portobello salad had figs, gorgonzola, arugula and a freakin fanstastic dressing.  The smoked salmon salad, also over arugula was equally as delicious.
Oh and their fries are amazing. I was told you can get a side of yellow curry if you ask nicely.My friend and I stopped in one night after a Phillies game for a beer and bite to eat.  My Yuengling* and his Blue Moon were quite good, however the food was another story. We started with the Nachos appetizer that was a special that day - they were made with those round generic corn chips, wiz, and all the general toppings - not too bad.  For dinner, we had sandwiches - I had the Grilled Veggie and he had the Yellowfin Tuna. He said his was alright, while mine was subpar.  The eggplant was tough and the portabella mushroom caps were like small frisbees.  Presentation wise - everything looked great, but I'll probably never eat here again.
On a lighter note, the bar portion of this place looks like it might be a good time.  The downstairs has a small bar that looks as if it might attrack an older crowd.  Upstairs, besides the small dining area, there are two other bars.  These bars are loud - blasting music - and look as if you and your friends might be able to get a little rowdy up here. Flat screens with sports, pool table, darts, etc.  I might be back with friends to check out the upstairs bar in the future.
*16 beers on tap - including Guiness, Smithwicks, Boddingtons, Hoegaarden, Blue Moon, Newcastle, Flying Fish, and Farmhouse.Delicious food at very reasonable prices.  Jim is the bartender downstairs from Tues-Fri, and he is like the nicest guy in the world.  We are regulars and they always treat us like family.  My favorite is the arugula and fig salad - yum!I enjoyed Dark Horse when it was Dark Horse, but now with Cavanaugh's taking it over, this place is a COMPLETE rip-off---$10  for three tiny cheesesteak egg rolls and $13 for mediocre wings.  The host was rude to boot.  Horrible - save your money - you might just have a better meal at Wing King.I give this bar 5 stars for 3 reasons:
1) DARTS!  It's hard to find a decent dart board in this neighborhood.  There's Buffalo Billiards, but I really don't like it there.  At Dark Horse there are quite a few dartboards in different rooms.  The darts are free.
2) BEER!  They have a beer from the Dark Horse Brewery in Michigan that is just about my idea of heaven.  I'm not actually sure what type of beer it is, but it is phenomenal.  A perfect dart-playing brew.
3) STAFF!  They are super friendly.  The first time I was there, it was just my friend and I in the main bar with the dartboard.  The 2 guys behind the bar were super friendly.  They had Half-Baked on the TV, and we were all watching it together while my friend and I threw darts.  They were making conversation with us and helping us to have a good time.  The second time I was there, I was in a smaller room off of the main bar.  I asked the bartender for the Dark Horse brew, and instead of telling me that I had to go to the main bar to get it, he went and got it for me.  Then he was asking our opinion on the music he was playing in the room off of Pandora.  Again, really friendly and welcoming.
I haven't had the food there, but the beer and darts and atmosphere are enough to make me give them 5 stars.Great low-key pub, the bottom floor is very Winston Churchill, if that makes sense. Didn't spend too much time in any of the rooms upstairs, but there were several different dining rooms and bars. Will definitely be back to check it out for EPL weekend mornings.Went here on a slow night. Only the upstairs area was open and only one bartender was present. Great place to join friends and watch a game... lots of tvs. The ambiance is comfortable and dark. Menu was... British influence maybe?  Bangers and mash, shepherd's pie, Guiness fish and chips, and curry fries were some of the choices. Irish... Indian... British. ?? It did have a decent beer selection which was appreciated. The fries were probably the best thing we had at our table (minus the curry b/c I'm not so fond of it).We randomly found this place while walking around South Street.  Great old building, has a real historic feel.  Beer selection was decent, food was good, except one steak was slightly overcooked.  The service was excellent.  I'd come back to this place for the service and the overall feel.Great Irish pub.  The place has good clientele (not to uppity nor scuzzy). Never too empty nor too crowded either.  There are many different rooms with different type of crowd in each.  Very good beer selection but somewhat over-priced.  Good HDTV placements to watch games.  Pool table and darts for the standard pub feel.  A good place to start the night or wind the night down.  Clean establishment.I have been going to the Dark Horse for about 6 years, and I'm always coming back - but mainly for Quizo on Monday nights. Let me be clear what keeps me coming back - the quizo, the drinks, and the bartenders. What used to be on that list was the food.
There are many bars within this bar, most of them very British and cozy - nooks of bars if ever bars could be considered nooks. I typically frequent the upstairs Main Bar, at times the Rigger Bar which is upstairs too.
The Bartenders  - you can't find a nicer pair than Rob and Dave. Everything you want in a bartender, nice, talk sports with you, tend to everything you need...just decent folk who pour a top pint (or mix a nice drink if that's your deal but this isn't a new cocktail haven like Ranstead Room).
The concept of the Dark Horse is that of a Sports Bar, particularly it's one of the bigger soccer and rugby bars in the city. But when the Eagles and Phils are playing, they're on. 
My issue comes with the food. It used to be AMAZING. When I started going, they had a duck club that was to die for. Their menu was diverse, they had specials that caught my eye. Now...the menu has been stripped down, no specials, and really I find myself shuttling between a solid Caesar salad and a more than serviceable burger. 
The beers on tap are great, and in recent months they've had a top-notch flight of craft brews on approximately 3 rotating taps. The standards are Guinness, Smithwick's, Stella, Strongbow, Boddington's, Yuengling, Hoegaarden. They're always there. In the throes of Summer they had Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA and Summer Love. Now in September they've got Sam Adams Oktoberfest and Ithaca Apricot Wheat. They keep things good, but not baffling - and they'll let you sample if you're still unsure.
Rating: 5 star service brought to 3 by the badly revamped menu, bumped to 4 by the ambiance, quizo and beer. 
Let's Go Eat!Sad that my home away from home, Dark Horse has changed ownership to Cavanaughs.  They fired all the chefs, who were absolutely amazing, from the chicken pot pie to the hang over soup (my fav), these folks knew how to cook.  Now the menu is a cheapo run of the mill sports bar failure.  Basic food items you can't screw up, but are unoriginal and boring (see chicken fingers and wings).  The charm of an old world tavern is leaving with each passing day. Even the neat pictures of important bearded men on the walls, are slowly disappearing.  I am going to wait for the new Yelp profile of Cavanaughs to throw down my 1.  Oh and one shining star, they brought back superb staff to run the downstairs bar, hopefully the rest gets corrected over time, but I'm not holding my breath.This is the pub to catch all your mid-week and weekend football matches!  Setanta, FSC, and GolTV are all shown.  For the weekend fixtures expect a bit of a crowd especially if United or Liverpool are playing.  Fans come early as matches start from 7:30AM through to the early afternoon.
This is a true Irish Pub, so don't come here ordering Nachos or Yellowfin Tuna sandwiches!!!  Stick with the Irish Breakfast, Shepherd's Pie, Fish & Chips, or the Dark Horse Burger.  The fries are some of the best in town!!  Don't forget to use the HP sauce!
Also, you might want to check out the Dark Horse's sister establishments - The Black Sheep Pub and St. Stephen's GreenOK, where to start.  After being sat in the bar room we waited about a half an hour before a waiter even saw us.  After that it took an hour for them to cook my bacon wrapped chicken, and what were they doing in that hour?  Not cooking the chicken which came out a beautiful hue of pink.  I don't want this to be all bad and I know some won't believe this all happened in one night, but the last straw was when thier pet mouse made an appearance.  We payed and left.  Went back one other time with friends for drinks and it was a lot of fun.  No food though.It's a decent place, but it kind of tries too hard. It's got that nice dark wood comfy feel to it, but somehow it feels overdone. I guess it's ok.
It's also pretty expensive. $5 for a yards brawler as a happy hour special? huh? They do seem to have a decent selection, if you can get over the prices.
The food we got was hit and miss. Rosemary hummus? miss. mac and cheese? hit. steak sandwich? hit. Chicago dog, big miss.Classic British soccer pub. Warm and inviting.  I've been watching Arsenal games here for years, and the environment during the big games is second to none.  Forget Fado...the real fans watch soccer here.It's a sports bar!  It's a pub!  The DHB is in a bit of an identity crisis, but we were deafeningly loud and no one seemed to care.  Nice blend of bars and tables with plentiful stools.  Big movie screens, bringing on Ground Round flashbacks from the 80's.  The gin and tonic was well mixed, I liked that there were two bars-the upstairs and downstairs-to choose from.  I'd go back if I were in the neighborhood.The Dark Horse took up where the Dickens Inn left off--a British theme pub that gets a huge crowd for European football. It's a pretty massive establishment with a bar on the first floor and two bars on the second.  If you're looking for a large selection of single malts and whiskey, the first floor is the place to go.  The second floor has a more sports-bar or party atmosphere and is lacking in selection.
The thing that lends this place any credibility as a British pub is the fact that a lot of expats go here for the games.  While they do feature British food items on the menu, like fish and chips, sheppard's pie, etc., they also have new american cuisine and generic ethnic foods like hummus and pita.  The food isn't bad for a pub but it's not authentic British pub grub (which may not be a bad thing).The major benefit of the Dark Horse is the number of live Football matches you can watch.  At the times of major events such as the World Cup or the Euros, there is no better option in Philadelphia.  The atmosphere at those games is great.
That being said, at other times, it completely lacks any atmosphere and is not a bar I would ever choose to just go and drink in.  The pints are typical prices for Center City and you do at least get a full sized English pint.  The beer is ok but I suspect from a few dodgy pints that the taps and lines aren't cleaned quite as often as they should be.I am stingy with my 5-star ratings, but Dark Horse definitely earned it last night! Our server was outstanding - friendly, attentive, and helpful.  The food was deeeliiiiiciouuuuus.  I had the chickpea burger topped with a short pile of fresh julienned vegetables, spicy mustard (just the right amount of zing!), and cheese.  The patty itself was tasty, and the fries that came on the side were perfect.  It is by far one of the best hand-made veggie burgers I've had since moving to Philly 3 months ago.
The only thing that could make Dark Horse better would be a more extensive tap list.  But hey, there were several good choices up there (including Troegs), so I'm not complaining!
The layout of the building is interesting.  There is a bar downstairs; upstairs there are several small rooms (at least two of which had their own bars in them).  It felt like a cozy, old, rustic pub.  
Loved it!  We'll be back (maybe tomorrow for Happy Hour)!I went to Dark Horse yesterday to catch a soccer game at the suggestion of a friend. I was pleasantly surprised by how much fun I had. It's definitely a British themed pub with multiple bars and a dining room. It initially took me a while to find the right bar (i think there are four in this place). But once I found it, i knew right away that this was a place for soccer fans. 
The building seems like an old colonial public house with dark wood and somewhat cramped feel (I would call it 'homey'). But my experience is limited to one soccer game in a room that was definitely past capacity. Once the game was over and the place emptied out, it became much more open.
The tap beer selection is your typical Brit/Irish pub affair (Guinness, Smithwick's, etc.) and I couldn't figure out if they had a larger bottle selection. I'm also not certain about the food. I had an order of curry fries that were delish.
All in all, I'll definitely go back if I'm in that neighborhood.Hmm. Well, it has been a super long time since I had been to the Dark Horse and my friend had suggested we start our evening there, and I thought, why not? 
I arrived there before my friend and went upstairs to the Bigger Bar. I got a table, quickly ascertained that there was no table service, and walked over to the bar to place my order. I was going to have a draft and a burger. 
They had a fine selection of draft beers, and I decided I would have Chimay (on tap! WOOT!) and the burger. 
About 12 minutes went by and I was still waiting. Now I decided I no longer had time for the burger as my friend was due to arrive and I was beginning to wonder if I was even going to have the beer. The bar was not that busy. It really wasn't. I have worked in food service before and, believe I me, I have seen busy. This was - steady. At best. Basically the bartender was taking his sweet old time talking about only God knows what with a darts team. I get it; they were regulars. Whatever. I still wanted a beer. I tried getting his attention twice and was summarily ignored. 
Eventually (I would say about a 15 minute total wait) the bar-back took my order and I handed him my card. That was that. 
My friend showed up and she got her drink, also from the bar back. 
A little while later we decided we has better get going to our next destination. I went over to the bar to settle up and saw that there was a Chimay and a Michelob Ultra on the bill. WTF? I said "Excuse me, but I only ordered the Chimay. I have no idea to whom the Mich Ultra belongs". The bar back apologized and went to take care of it, when Chuckles the Dart Fan decided to get involved. He said there was a minimum and they just put that on there to make up the difference. 
I. Hate. These. Fucking. Minimums. They are illegal. Period. 
I said it would have been nice to have been informed and the bar back started to apologize again, I assured him it was not his fault. I said that since I expect a Chimay to be about 8 to 10 bucks, I was fine with a ten dollar total. I was not going to give them an extra 1.50 for as nonexistent beer. Dart Man mumbled something and I said "I don't know what you just said, but that is what's happening here." 
So I gave the bar back a couple of bucks as he was the only one who seemed even remotely interested in waiting on non-regulars. 
The two stars are basically for the poor bar back trying hard and the excellent draft selection (Boddingtons, Hoogaarden, Chimay, to name three). 
Chuckles the Dart Fan can kiss my round ass. 
_____________________________________________________ 
UPDATE: 
My bank statement came in the mail and I was not charged the 10.00 I agreed to pay but the whole 11.50. While it was only 1.50 it was annoying, so I called Dark Horse and spoke to a competent manager by the name of Sandy. 
She assured me that not only would the full amount of the second beer be credited to my account, but that I am welcome to stop in again for a Chimay on the house. She even went so far as to say that when I agreed to pay 10 without being informed of the minimum, I was being generous. 
Apparently, Chuckles the Dart Fan is no longer tending bar at Dark Horse, and my anecdote was additional proof to Sandy that they made the right decision in letting him go. 
Well, how about that? I think I WILL go and get a beer there.Great place to grab a drink. Staff is more than happy to help. I got a free pint once when I was "having a debate" with a significant other over the phone in a closed off section and he noticed that afterwards I was going to need it to drown the sorrows if you will. 
Love this placeyou walk into this place see a bar think it's the main space and realize oh wait, there's much, much more... so I rounded the stairs and finally made my way to the quizzo area. 
This place deserves 4 stars for the following reasons ( listed in order of inportance) 
-- Super friendly staff
--FRAMBOISE!
--Great quizzoA nice dark, woody pub. Five pubs in one, in fact. I like the one upstairs. Take a right at the top of the stairs, and walk straight back to the back. I've drawn you a map. 
At Dark Horse you can watch some soccer...or...football, as you may have heard it called. I like the stuff a lot. Not a huge beer list here, but what you'll find here, and what I tend to enjoy, is a well-poured Guinness or an icy icy Magners.
I have a particular hankering for this exact snack- An icy icy Magners and a shared plate of curry fries. These fries are dope: Hand cut, perfectly crispy, salty. Then there's the drizzling of that curry-like-gravy, or gravy-like-curry, depending on your personal gravy and curry outlooks. My official statement is: They're gravy-like curry fries and I dig em. That's what I do.Favorite bar in Philly.  Best option to grab a drink and watch a football game.  Numerous levels to the bar offering differing bar atmospheres.  Top level with dart board is the best.I don't venture up this way much, but whenever I do I drop by here.  Not really as an extensive beer list as a lot of places I frequent, but I'm a sucker for a Boddingtons.  The downstairs bar is tiny and crowds easily but it's rad if you're trying to drink and mingle rather than sit at a high-top.  
The food is pretty rad too; straight up pub-fare.  There's a really choice lamb appetizer that always comes out a perfect medium rare (unless you order it medium well like a douche).  Cheers to the pulled pork sandwich, it's always messy as hell and has the perfect sweetness.  
Usually pretty chill crowd there, not a lot of bullshit.  Great place to watch a soccer game, especially Philadelphia Union.  Have fun meeting a friend there, there's four or five rooms.  I got lost as shit about the first five times i was there but that was part of the charm.I had heard good things, so I decided to warm up on a cold evening for a pint. Dark Horse just feels like a place that has seen better days. It has definite character and charm, and is decorated like a true, old-fashioned pub with wood walls and antique decorations. The staff was welcoming, but the atmosphere was just stale. There was little to no energy or chatter, and the place was so small that you felt like every word was heard by the whole bar. When I visited, there were only four guests there on a Saturday night! I hope they can find a way to turn it around, because the Dark Horse could be a truly great neighborhood gem and pub, but it's missing some important pieces of the puzzle.This place was great!  We had about 45 minutes to kill before my brother-in-laws wedding rehearsal.  We stopped in here, about 15 of us, and had a great time.  We were only in the front room, which is small but cozy.  They have good beers on tap and a dart board.What a difference a year makes.  
Seems new management have been making the kinds of changes which signal a death spiral to most places.
Serving frozen brought in foods, place seems more and more run down (need new stools!), kitchen closes at 9 PM and the happy hour specials suck.
I especially love how they run half price wings as a special.  Well, half price means half the portion too.  That's not really a special, that's just a half order.I started going to the Dark Horse about eight years ago, and I've never stopped.  I'm normally there for Quizzo on Monday nights.  We have a lot of fun, and with a good crowd it's even better.
There are four bars and a dining location, so its a massive place.  Depending on the day, some or all of them are open.  On Monday, Quizzo is held in the "main bar" which is upstairs.  There are also two other bars upstairs and the main dining room.  
They offer a pretty substantial menu, though its been miniminzed with the recent GM (who I also think is trying to make it something that it's not) and the beer selection if fantastic!  Some of the best burgers in the city and they also have duck spring rolls and fresh cut fries that of definitely worth mentioning. 
The bars can get crowded, especially during quizzo.  If you don't get there early, you won't get a table and late-comers will be left standing.  The place also get ungodly hot during the summer because the AC is totally inadequate.  It was definitely not pleasant a few times this past summer, especially when the hygiene of some is questionable....
Overall though, I do love this place.  If you're looking for a solid sports bar (especially for soccer), this is your place.  The staff is great, and if you come often they remember you and your preference for drinks.  Also, this place is recommending highly for and by international tourists, and I've been present on many occasions when British, Scottish and Irish visitors have been happily having a cold one.Been going there since they changed hands over a decade ago. I find the Fish & Chips, Banger's & Mash and the Pot Pies the best. The beer selection is ok but the whiskey and scotch selection make up for that. The prices are reasonable, the staff has always been friendly and attentive. They have plenty of dart boards, they show soccer and rugby, their regulars are a good bunch of people. This isn't your PBR crowd or your cocktail crowd.The only place that I know of in Philly that has Strong Bow Cider on tap.  The perfectly layered black velvets (Guinness and cider) keep me coming back regularly.  The bartenders are great, especially Paul, and they have good TVs and darts.I'm writing this review as the Dark Horse as a football pub -- because those are the only times I've ever been there.   
I am a loyal follower / slave/ evangelist for the Mighty Manchester City FC.   The Dark Horse is almost always FULL of  Manchester United Fans.   I was told of a time when there was an important Liverpool match on television and the Dark Horse wouldn't put it on a bigger TV because Man Utd were playing later.   !!! Any time I've been in here there's been loads of Americans talking absolute bullshit about soccer.  Mostly Man United Fans -- what a friggin surprise there.  Expats do go there as well, but it doesn't really mitigate the rest.  Also, one time I was walking to the CVS wearing a Manchester City shirt and someone outside the Dark Horse started randomly giving me shit for it--which I'd normally appreciate if I was actually IN THE BAR.   
That's atmosphere -- the food and service are top notch.  I really like their full breakfast.  The bartenders are always friendly and quick.  I'd recommend going if the above doesn't bother you.I understand that rodents are a part of the food industry.  But when I see one AWESOMELY BRAVE mouse scurry out in the dining room not once BUT TWICE after I just ordered food then I will not be coming back for dinner.
Quiet pub for drinks.  I would not order food here again.Sadly, I must update my review:
After returning 2-3 times after my initial review and enjoying the chickpea burger each time, my boyfriend and I stopped in at Dark Horse this past Friday for dinner.  I ordered the usual and was SOOOO disappointed to find that they no longer make their chickpea burger.  They have not updated the menu to indicate any sort of change, but what I got when my plate came out looked and tasted like a frozen veggie burger patty.  I asked the bartender if this veggie burger was made in-house and he didn't know, but he did acknowledge that it's not the same patty that they used to make.  There were definitely no chickpeas in that patty that I got on Friday.  It was bland and depressing.  
Gossip from the two people behind the bar is that the head chef was fired (?).  I don't know, but whatever the case may be, they have ruined the only vegetarian dinner item on the menu.  
There are other reasons for the decrease in rating, but I've ranted long enough.  Suffice it to say that I won't be back for dinner any time soon.
Sadface :-(Dark Horse Pub is the kind of place I'd never pick out to go to on my own.  I rolled up on a Saturday night after walking down the disaster that is South Street to see some really drunk bros tripping over themselves on their way out and got nervous.  BUT,  I'm glad I went because it was a blast! 
The bar is old, wooden and cozy.  I feel like if my dad had a house in the mountains it would be like the inside of the dark horse.  Once you go upstairs there's a dining room then a bunch of other little rooms with their own bars.  Each one had it's own thing going on.  I like having the option to pick my scene.  We ended up in the first room on the right- the whiskey room.  Small but lots of seating.  It never got too crowded.  The bartender was pleasant and the wait time for a beer wasn't bad.
The music selection here was the best- got some metric, dr. dog and the like.  I was pleasantly surprised.  I was able to hold a conversation with my friend without screaming, aka it wasn't blaring.  
Negatives:  not a big beer selection. Get liquor here.  Also, I sat at a table near the darts.  I was kind of terrified that a dart was going to impale me.  Small quarters. 
I'd go back if I were in the area and not be afraid to check it out during prime weekend bar hours.Awesome pub, have not ate their food yet but heard good things. Very cool dart room for english steel tip players. Lose points for how shotty the boards were though. Seriously, boards aren't that expensive, buy some new ones. Also, beer selection was weak at best.Any place that opens at 7:30 AM just to show soccer games (esp, Man Utd) and serve beer is awesome in my book. The only things I've had here are breakfast sandwiches and beer, and I can honestly say that both are good, even at 7:30 in the morning. :-)The place offers a traditional Irish Breakfast and the bartender upstairs proudly served me a black and white (1/2 Guinness and 1/2 Hoegaarden). That being said, this place can't be all that bad. 
Overall, the place deserves 4 stars. It isn't "as good as it gets" but it's the best English pub I've found in the city. The place has multiple levels and separate bars. It's a great place to meet friends over a beer and some good English pub food.I went there at the end of a date for some bar foods and drinks.  I like the atmosphere quite a bit, and the separate rooms seem to keep any one area from becoming overly packed, at least in my experience.  The bar food was okay, but not the best.  I got chicken fingers which were good.  My date got fried calamari that had been dusted with corn meal.  Good effort on trying something new, but neither of us cared for the calamari. There was a good beer selection, and the bar tender was quite helpful in helping me find a good beer.  Overall a decent experience.  I would go back for drinks in the future.The Dark Horse in my opinion is the only legitamate "Pub" in the city. 
On Saturdays and Sundays this can be well seen when it fills up with Ex-Pats to root on their favorite teams, drinking guinness and eating bangers for breakfast. There are many rooms and many games on the teles, so be weary what jersey you are wearing. I had the misfortune of wearing my Chelsea Kit jersey in to room full of Man U fans.
Also for dinner they don't just have the usual Pub fare. I had a pretty good yellowfin tuna sandwich with Wasabi sauce on it.I can't quite decide how to rate this place.  Came here to meet some people, and when we came in we were initially impressed.  Lots of rooms with different vibes, which was cool.  What wasn't cool was that a lot of the rooms were closed to private parties.  And this was on a Saturday.  Weird.
Went into the Whiskey Bar and was excited about their scotch selections.  Then we received the worst service ever.  The bartender disappeared for awhile while we were waiting to order, and when he came back it's like he didn't even speak English.  I had to explain my order 3 times.  When he CAREFULLY poured my scotch into a jigger, my friend drew the line and switched to our beer.  And then we got the tab... $19 for our drinks.  We just laughed at the absurdity compared to what we had paid at similar bars earlier.
If they charged reasonable prices and opened up all the rooms, this place would be 4 or possibly even 5 stars!Mini crab cake appetizer was mostly bread filler. 
I've had better fish and chips.
Beer list didn't impress me. 
(Stella, Smithwicks, Yuengling Lager....*yawn*. Zzzzzzzzzz....)
I'm not a soccer hooligan. 
I'm not in a dart league. 
I don't care much for quizzo.
Service was okay. The brunette in the second floor dining room was cool. 
Fin.Stopped in for the first time a few weeks ago, and said to my girlfriend, "if we lived in this neighborhood we'd be in here all the time."  We had out-of-town friends, including a Real Live English Person, with us, and the RLEP (who currently lives in Michigan) had expressed an interest in visiting a pub.  We tried the Artful Dodger first, but were put off by the loud tvs and sports-minded crowd.  The Dark Horse was exactly right.  At 7:30 on a Friday the front downstairs bar was cozy and comfortable for chatting, and we enjoyed a range of beer options from Yards through Guinness.I have been here a number of times. I think its a neat setup. I think I prefer the bar on the first floor, personally, but last night I was upstairs. The upstairs is broken down into rooms that they can setup parties for. Each has a bar, some have tables. Down stairs, there is a cozy bar with tables.
I haven't eaten here, just been for drinks each time I come, but it appeared to have a separate bar and dinner menu. I doubt that I would go for a dinner, seems like not the kind of place I would want to eat. It's a little pricey.I like bars that are busy but not overwhelming.  Dark Horse was my spot for a long time.  You can go there, have a good time with a group and still hear yourself talk.  I'd gladly go back. Service is great and beers are reasonably priced.  They broke my heart when they changed their chicken fingers. Bring the original recipe back!Good solid pub, with an Old-time Philly feel.  Food's decent too.  Stick to burgers, fish & chips, etc; you'll be sorry if you venture into steak frites territory.  Dark Horse has REAL darts too, not those plastic fakers.  
This is a great place to bring out-of-towners--a good introduction to Philly.OK Irish pub next to the historic Head House Square with good beer, great burger, bad coffee and authentic Irish breakfast.  Overlooking the farmer's market activity at the square from one of the outdoor tables in summer is fun and convenient for great food shopping.  TV's upstairs for the sports minded.I called 10 bars to see if they had the PAC 12 channel so I could watch my beloved Ducks. John who I believe is the GM, took my number and said he would check and call me back. A few hours passed and I gave up hope on watching the game...until...john did call me back and made sure they had the channel for me. He truly made my night and the bartender Pat was outstanding. Thank u Dark Horse!There's no better feeling that walking up to the Dark Horse on a winter weekend morning at 7:30am and finding the door open. Inside awaits great breakfast sammys and all the EPL you can want. There always a good crowd supporting their clubs. No other place would I rather spend a morning. The fries are actually phenomenal as well.
The rest of the days/nights the Dark Horse is a solid pub with four different rooms to enjoy. There will always be a spot to enjoy the game you're looking for.
The beers not cheap, but that's ok.
Check the schedule to make sure the DH will be open for the 7:45am game because as I experienced once there's no worse feeling than a locked door.The Dark Horse is a nice place and interesting from an architectural standpoint but the food prices are absurd. Isn't bar food supposed to be a loss leader? My table had a lot of fun reenacting that Wendy's library commercial, whispering "$8.99" over two miniature tacos.I love pubs, I really do. Dark Horse Pub could really have been something too, amazing design in the sense that there are winding stairs, and rooms everywhere for everyone to feel private. But here is the thing, its too small. The rooms feel too cramped, and people are just not as connected to each other as it should feel like in a pub. 
However, the drink specials are phenomenon which would be the reason I gave it 3 stars instead of 2 or 1.Somehow on my birthday I always wind up in very ordinary, touristy, overpriced places that I would never go any other night of the year.  This year, the Dark Horse hosted me and a dozen friends.  When we were wandering the streets trying to figure out where to go, my only criteria was that I didn't want us to all be smooshed into one or two booths or spread out all over the place in a small room full of 100 people.  i wanted to be able to mingle with everyone.  Someone mentioned that the Dark Horse had a lot of space, so we headed there.  And what space they had!  We wound up with an entire room pretty much to ourselves all night.  And in that room was:  A bar with a bartender, dart boards, a big fancy TV, windows, plenty of seats, and room to breathe.  It was perfect.  I don't think I'll be hanging out there on a regular basis, but I've filed the Dark Horse under "Roomy" in my mental card catalog of bars.  It is pricey, though.  Paying more than $3 for a Lager is criminal, and this place charges $5.  Eek.  $7 for a shot of Jim Beam?  I happen to know that you can buy a whole bottle for $15.  Anyway, this labyrinth-esque bar may come in handy in the future, and I may chalk up those $5 Lagers to equaling $3 beer + $2 personal space sustainability.  I can live with that.--The Dark Horse, in a nutshell-- 
First, the Dark Horse is a perfect compliment to Head House square and really has that quintessential pub appeal. The historic building is beautifully presented and on the inside it presents just what you'd hope for, that nice Philly gritty pub feel. They have seating outside when the weather's nice so that is a big plus. It's refreshing to enjoy a cold pint of Guinness in the evening before movie night Wednesday at HHS. 
When you step inside, you'll find a Whiskey bar which typically is the calmest of all the bars (excluding the restaurant).  It has a very easy going feel with quieter music, a dart board is up, and the mood is light. As you stroll up the stairs, you'll find a large restaurant to your left and more unexplored territory on your right. 
Starting at your left, the restaurant isn't always open, but it's nice for families when it is - it is also very large and can hold a good sized party. I had one for 50 people in there once and we still had a lot of space. You could probably put 75 in there. There is a dart board (every room has at least one). For the explorers, there is a secret back room behind the restaurant called the "Pickwick" room that has almost a Colonial dining feel. A long table looks like it could house maybe 15 people. This is a reservation only room. 
Moving to your right from the top of the stairs you'll find the Sports bar first, which is larger, has a big TV and several dart boards. This opens to either private parties or becomes the overflow bar when the main bar is packed. I'd guess this bar comfortably holds 50. Continuing on, the Rigger bar is on your right and more of a close quarters "whole in the wall" kind of nook. It holds about 25 and does have a dart board but really is the quiet kid in the bunch for the upstairs bars. 
Finally, the main bar is a hodgepodge of old metallic beer signs, custom art glass, tons of windows, a huge wooden bar and more TVs. The crowd is very tidal here and on some nights there will be a couple folks having a quick pint all the way to nudge room only and rowdy with 150 people. Quizzos are on Monday, they support all the sports teams and are Union partners (This place is insane during world cup!!!!!). Here is where you may spend most of your time if you're the pub crawler looking for eats and drinks. Dart board here and you can catch the dart league playing some nights, I don't recommend challenging them unless you enjoy a beating but I will say they are all very nice and I've played them a few times. If they notice you're a rookie, they will pair up to make everything fair, which is pretty standard from Dark Horse regulars, they're nice people. 
Another secret passage leads out the back of the main bar down to a sort of balcony which overlooks overgrown wasteland from yesteryear. The view isn't great but this is why it IS great - whenever there are fireworks at Penn's landing, this is one of the best views in the city! I've spent a few 4th of Julys and new years here and it's great, you can drink before and right after and there is no waiting at the peer! 
So why does Dark Horse get 5 stars from me? Is it because it is my favorite bar ever, no. Is it because I've gotten to know all the bartenders and think they're great, no. How about because the fish and chips is just flat-out badass, Guinness pints are perfect, half-priced apps from 5-7 every weeknight during happy hour, no. How about that I've hosted about 5 events ranging from 30- 100 people and was totally taken care of by the great event planner and owner? 
Why I give the DH 5 stars is because this perfect pub blend of renewing happiness brings me back here again and again. Sure, I've had nights where people were too loud near me or my food wasn't A+ but I've never had a bad experience that would sour me and I've been coming here for almost 10 years. If you too enjoy stopping in and become a regular, you may start seeing the bar as more of a retreat away from home and just have to pit stop whenever you're close, like me. It's generally full of a mix of real people and doesn't cater to any specific crowd, it's just that cool. Stop by, get a pint and soak in the win.You make it so very hard to love this
Bar...I really really want to. The concept is great. I want to be able to watch football (soccer) at 9am, have a nice authentic Irish breakfast and a morning bloody Mary or vodka and oj...as I sit at your bar writing this, I am told the kitchen MIGHT open at 11ish... You stare at my empty bottle and wait for me to ask for a beer? It's sitting on the ledge, unless you just began bartending and have never been in a bar a day in your life YOU KNOW WHAT THIS MEANS...I WANT to spend my money, HERE in this economy, WHY DON'T YOU WANT ME TOO? We used to goto tir na nog, but they don't want me to love then either. Please let me know a good soccer bar with a AWESOME staff who takes pride in their work, are personable and WANT TO TAKE MY MONEYI enjoyed this place post-Yelp event a while back. It was quiz night. 
Nothing spectacular, but cozy and crowded. Thankfully, the place is suitably dark for its name. Don't remember any stand out beers, but a good crowd and fun layout upstairs. 
Quiz nights do freak me out a bit, so this is saying a lot.You guys have got the Dark Horse covered as far as reviews go...so I will just say two words....Curry Fries....
Do it!I go every Monday for Quizzo at 9pm, which I really really recommend. Really fun with current event related questions and a variety of themes. The food and drink menu is pretty typical for a bar, nothing fancy or memorable. 
Hard to find a table whenever I've gone; it's always super crowded upstairs.  Getting an order in can be kind of slow, then, because there's only one bartender taking care of everyone. 
Another thing that's great about Dark Horse, though, is that they have a few smaller rooms with separate bars that can be reserved for small parties or events. That way you're not renting the whole place out but you still have lots of privacy for your group.Stay away from the fish and chips, it was a big fried blob on top of sloppy fries, I am feeling gross just thinking of it. The burger is good. The beer selection is a standard irish pub selection, a little more variety would be nice. aka some philly beers!? Now they do have 3 bars there so that's good, and they support soccer, and darts so I can't hate. 2 stars for the food and 3 stars for the rest.A girlfriend and I went here for a drink to blow off some steam.  The people were nice, and the bars were crowded.  Apparently a great deal of soccer was being played.  We didn't get the memo.
At any rate, the bar had a great beer selection, there was good pub food, and we enjoyed ourselves.  Even though we were the only two not watching the games, we were welcomed and had a good time.  I wouldn't mind going back for whatever they have on tap the next time I'm in Philly.Love the Dark Horse!  Awesome pub food, great dart matches, nice dart players who will let you play on a board during league night as long as you are "behaved".