I actually like this place much better than the one on Columbus. Its much bigger so it doesnt feel as crowded. The bowling area could use some help, the sound system sucks. They could use a new DJ and a better system. Newer songs would be nice too. 
I think this place has many more games especially my favorite, trivia. I wish they would remove kids after 8:00 like they are supposed to but they dont. They barely card anyone on the way in anymore. 
The bar is great. Expensive though. The Lava Flow is my favorite drink here.So over crowded. Especially with little kids at 9pm. Not nearly enough bar tenders. We used a groupon which was totally not worth it. The Groupon was $20 for "blue" games unlimited and 30 in chips. The ratio between blue to other colored games was about 1 to 10. So almost impossible on a Saturday to play any blue games. I will not be back. Also 1 hour 30 mins wait for a table/ not worth itI come here all the time with my nephews to play games and that is fun when you find machines that aren't out of order! The biggest problem I have is with the service there in the restaurant... after playing all the games the kids are really hungry and love the pretzel dogs....  today it took us 15 minutes for a server to come over and take our drink order after being seated THEN it was 45 minutes before our food came out. Sitting in a restaurant with two kids that are starving and anxious is not fun!! We have had problems before as well with very slow service! Make sure you feed the kids before you go or take themTerrible. As my family and I entered the establishment, there was no one at the desk, not a host in sight until about 5 minutes after we arrived. We were then finally told where the bowling was. We headed back to the completely DEAD bowling area. Lights and TVs everywhere but only a few souls in sight on a holiday weekend. Not to mention, we had to ASK for someone to come to the desk and take our shoe size and get our photo ID. Where are the attendants? Where was the waitress to greet us? 
The ambiance is kind of cool, but nothing different from any other bowling alley really. In fact, the lane malfunctioned at least once and our bowling balls always got stuck in the ball return. It wasn't a major issue, but a nuisance nonetheless. We always had to reach down a little to grab it out, as opposed to it popping right out. The overhead TV above us also didn't appear to work. Bummer.
The food prices were too high for us, so most of us saved our cash for the Golden Corral up the way. Somebody ordered fries and they were just bland and not even hot. So-so, especially for $3.00 plus. Eventually a few people trickled in and were served by the sole waitress in sight, but it wouldn't have been worth it for our crew.
I would not recommend this place to anyone who wants to bowl or have fun, or eat well. So in short, don't even bother going.Games are fun especially with drinks however the whole floor smelled like throw up and when someone would spill there drink some lady would come by with coffee beans and sprinkle them on the floor! Never again will I return!Obviously there is a selection of games, billiards, and bars. However, these come at a price that isn't cheep. I usually enjoy the food here as well but it depends what you order. If you stick to the basics like burgers and chicken I think you'll be in good shape. I wish the credits on your D and B card lasted longer but they seem to drain fast and he grab machines are as hard as they get.Big play area and eating area. I ate in the bar in the play area. The drinks are good and the bar tenders were nice. Cons my fries were cold and tasteless. Everything else was less than warm.I've updated my review after eating here and having horrible service.
Let my tale unfold.....
I came here for one of my friends birthdays. We made this abundantly clear to the waiter who did immediatly take our drink orders. That was the only good part. It took a LONG time for our drinks to arrive, and not many of them were alcoholic. Our waiter had to be called over constantly, and I only got one drink the entire time, and that was the first one I ordered. Our waiter looked like he should have been a model and if he quit to do this then he's a moron, because he was HORRIBLE (his name was allen). 
I can see why people do not like this place, and I will give it two starts because of the games, and the bartenders which I currently have not had any issues with...except the games are obviously over priced but comon, don't you expect that?
Now for the rest of the review....
I've been to both dave and busters Columbus blvd, and Dave and busters Franklin mills mall. This will (obviously) be about Columbus blvd because this is the establishment I am currently rating. 
I have been here once that I can remember (a long time ago when I was a little kid but I can't remember that) and it was a good time. The Bouncer at the front was ok, I had to get money from the ATM so I could park and get my 5 dollars back and they let me without any issues (except the fat bouncer tried to ignore my question of where the ATM was. Luckily there was another guy there and he understood my situation and let me pass w/o my id so I could get money, go bak to the parking person, pay them and get my license back and 5 dollar off coupon). 
People complain that the parking is 11 dollars. So did I considering that the Franklin mills mall location is free to park, but you do get 5 dollars back in a coupon so it really isn't so terrible. 
After that we went to the game room to play games and it wasn't too bad. I did make sure my valuables were safe in my pockets because there were some sketchy people there but I did not let that stop me and my gf from having fun. We played games and won tickets and yea some of the games are def over priced, but just do the eat and play combo and you get a card, and sign up online and you get more game play and there's plenty of other ways to get extra game play too. 
I did have a drink and yes it was over priced, but it was fri night and your in they city, what do you expect? They do have a late night happy hour from sun-thurs so I'm going to try and hit that up at some point. The drink did seem like it coulda been stronger but they actually measure out the shots for the drinks so that's why it might seem weak (customary practice at national establishments such as this, applebees does it too). 
The place was roamed by many staff who definitely tried to keep the place clean by sweeping up or picking up glasses that people were done with. I'm sure the floor could have been cleaner but it's a huge arcade with food drink and many people running around, can't expect the taj mahal of cleanliness. 
The bathrooms here are disgusting. I was appalled at how they were and did not even feel safe going to the rest room. 
I've been here a few times now and this is what I have come up with. HORRIBLE waiter service, decent bartenders, and a not bad game room. Honestly, if you want to eat here just go to the bar and order your meals. You'll have better service and it'll be a LOT less of a wait to get a drink (any type!)Service at the sport lounge stinks.  Seat anywhere else but not the sport lounge. Rest of area is fine just AVOID sports lounge unless you want to service yourself.Asked waiter what was their strongest drink they said walking the plank so I ordered it. It was so weak & cost $10. Ordered shrimp & chicken alfredo was so bland for $16 I wont be back. Unless its only to play gamesI love the idea of Dave and busters. Drinking while playing arcade games! However it was terrible. It started off with 4 of us having dinner our waitress told us it was happy hour and all drinks were half off except their LIT we were going to get the LIT but since it wasn't half off we went with other drinks. Four of us got 3 drinks each. Our bill came and our waitress said she made a mistake and the half off drinks were the night before. Which obviously was disappointing. When we went to play games the whole arcade smelt like throw up. Idk if the bar wasn't clean or what but it made me not want to drink anything! Then occasionally a waitress would walk around pouring coffee grounds onto spills! If that's how the "clean" they need to revaluate. Hate to say it but so disappointing and probably won't go back.Enjoyable and fun. Too expensive to do on a regular basis with the family but good for a special treat.  Billiards were fairly priced and the 3 staff whom we dealt with were very nice.I'm only giving a one star review based on the fact that there is nothing less to give. I have to say I went there with my boyfriend and two other couples on a Saturday night.. worst service I've ever experienced by far. An hour wait for apps. Rude bartender in gaming area who thought it would be okay to pour shots unequally and when something was said he took the shot that had more alcohol and poured it into the smaller shot glass slid them both across the bar and said there ya go! Not that big of a deal I poured one bigger than the other! Rude. Then my friend orders a beer and pays for it. The bartender takes her money comes back after 5 minutes and says it's gunna be a wait because they have to change the keg. Not a problem if he would have told us this prior to taking the money. Finally her beer comes . But wait now it's in a lipstick stained glass. At that point we've had It. Even after explaining the situation the the "manager" he was annoyed that us a paying customers were even saying something to him.  the whole experience was awful and we will never be returning. There were several other unpleasant happenings through the night but I'll just keep it as this. Shitty service overpriced food and just down right rude staff.I live in Florida but I'm originally from Philly, I took my family here non Easter, granted the place was packed. But wow what a disgust, when I went to order a drink the top was sticky from ppl spilling drinks, I had to ask the bartender to please wipe it down. So I put my name in for a table so we could eat. Omg, just walking to the table I was disgusted the floor was sticky there was food on the floor from previous ppl. I was so disgusted I wanted to turn around and leave. I didn't since we waited about 45 mins for the table. They got my sons order wrong. The whole thing was a nightmare.You have to pay for parking here. The games get crowded so dont expect to quickly play the good games. I feel the D&B at Franklin Mills is much more spacious and has better games. It has free parking too. :)
The good thing is that they are much more strict here with the age requirement. You must be 21 or older or must be accompanied by someone 25 or older to get through the door. This helps remove all the young teens from the atmosphere but you still have kids around.Came here 3 days in a row for a long weekend. On our last day my son lost his card and the manager Stephanie stepped in and saved the day. She was able to recover his tickets and all was good.  Clean facility and a very safe environment. A very good way to spend time with family. Will come back soon primarily because of the very nice thing that was done by the manager.It sucks that you've got to pay for parking. I'm trying to go for the gold card since I always lose my cards whenever I go to one of these. If you're ever bored and have nothing better else to do in Philly, come and visit this place. It's located near the BF bridge and a few blocks from other cool restaurants and clubs.I come here a few times a year mostly for birthdays. On Saturday nights, It's usually pretty crowded. I was here this past Saturday and the wait to get drinks from the bar was at times ridiculous trying to get a bartenders attention. Friends wanted to eat and the wait for a table was over an hour so we ordered food at the bar. I got the triple play appetizer to start and while the food was tasty the portions weren't as big as I expected. They have a lot of specialty cocktails too, I liked their Texas sweet tea but they don't usually have drink specials and those drinks are like 7 a pop if not more. My boyfriend got a blue moon and it wound up being more than my $7 drink which is a little absurd. 
Lots of new games since the last time I came here. And playing the games is the main reason of coming here. More cost efficient to come here on Wednesdays when they have the deals. My favorite games from this last visit: Down with the Clown, Red cup Challenge, and some old favorites like skeeball, air hockey, that block game. On the weekends, come expecting to spend some money, waits for drinks, and crowds. Saving up my tix for something good.For what it is, this D&B would have gotten 3 stars, at minimum as it was a great place to pass some time, play some arcade games, grab some drinks and generally have a good time.
Why the 2 stars?  For a few key reasons.....first, for a bar that wasn't that all busy, it took a while to just get a couple of drinks.  I mean, we purposely even sat at the side of the bar that didn't have too many people.  And with a bar with 3 bartenders, and a not so busy weekday...where was the service?  Mind you, when the bartender did decide to take our drink orders, he was very polite.
And point 2 as to why the 2 star rating?  I closed the tab with a credit card and believed to have provided a sufficient tip (it was more than 20%).  When I get my credit card statement about a month after the visit, I notice they charged me more than what I noted.  Sure it wasn't a lot, but it's the principle of knowing what I wrote as the tip, and seeing what they believed the tip should be.
It just irked.
Would I go back?  Probably.  Because like I said, there generally wasn't anything bad about the place in terms of having a good time.  If I do go back though, I'll just remember to bring enough cash to pay my bar tab.
Oh yeah, and another reason why the 2 star rating....I've been to other D&Bs in other states, and this one just felt and looked old.  There are definitely other nicer D&Bs out there.I went to Dave & Buster's on a Wednesday with my boyfriend and we had a decent time. I noticed there were many children who were eating and playing games without washing or wiping their hands. They should really put out hand sanitizing wipes because when I was playing Time Crisis the light gun felt very greasy and it was uncomfortable to play. When I walked into the restroom there was a ghastly smell hitting my face. I truly hope the people working there would put more thought in sanitary conditions.
I believe it is best to visit this place on a Wednesday because of the 1/2 price games.
There is also the happy hour: 
Sun-Thurs 8pm-10pm & Thurs-Fri 5pm-7pm
1/2 Price Cocktails
Beer & Wine Specials
Well I'll only return if my boyfriend or friends wants to come out and play.Tuesday night. Sparse crowd. Not their fault, except maybe the service and food could have something to do with it. Both were poor. Service choppy and food cold, and underwhelming. Very disappointing night out. Expected much more from a large successful food/entertainment business.My wife and I went for a late night dinner, this location has been totally renovated much nicer seating & bar area the video arcade and entertainment area remains the same. The colors and much brighter and the decor is more sports oriented. Menu has changed slightly. The quality and quantity of television's has improved dramatically all high definition. We sat in the high top stools and tables in the bar area. I had the boneless chicken wings and french fries the wings were not as flavorful as they were in the past. The fries were truly awesome. I had pecan Gorgonzola cheese arugula and walnut salad with grilled salmon with a light vinaigrette dressing on the side. This meal was superb. My wife had petite filet and sweet potato fries which were very good. Service was average at best it took for ever the server to come over. The parking garage is well lit and safe with an attendant on duty. The restrooms are above average.  Prices are above average but you get a great valueI had setup a surprise birthday party for my wife here. There was a total of 8 of us. I was excited to be able to come and spend some time with friends and family. However, it turned into a terrible dining experience. Our orders were wrong, drinks took forever, and wait staff was rude. The only saving grace was the party manager who tried to make things right. She gave us game vouchers allowing us a good time in the arcade. I'm only giving 2 stars because we had fun playing games. Though I had issues with the games not reading my card all the time. Overall it was not the night I had hoped for. Will definitely not be eating here again.I've been here a couple times before and the service at this location has been horrendous. However, this time was different. The service in the dining room was the saving grace. 
The hostess greeted us, sat us instantly and was very friendly. The waitress was efficient and a sweetheart. Everything came out correctly in a timely fashion (which is unusual at this place in my past experiences) and she always had a smile on her face. 
The food was mediocre. I ordered the sliders. They claim to come with a sauce, but I didn't see any at all. Not even on the bottom of the bun. The sliders looked like they made one burger and sliced it with a blindfold on. One of the sliders were gigantic and the bottom of the bun was a tiny morsel of bread. Another slider was the opposite, the burger was tiny and the bun was huge. It was evident the cook didn't give a crap. If it were a Saturday night dinner rush and the kitchen was slammed, I would let it slide. (No pun intended) This was a Wednesday night and the dining room was about a quarter full. 
Another thing, my menu was disgusting. It was sticky and covered in some sort of substance. I'm assuming a customer previously ate with it on the table and spilled something on it. It was so gross that I quickly decided on an entree just so I wouldn't have to look through the menu anymore. 
The drinks we ordered during dinner were delicious and cheaper than what I remembered. The games were the highlight. (per usual) My boyfriend and I were planning on ordering drinks from the bar in the game room, but it took about 5 minutes for one of the two bartenders to acknowledge our existence. The bar was not that busy and I have received faster service when they've had a full bar. Finally when one of the bartenders (older blonde woman) acknowledged us we ordered waters. Normally I tip a dollar when I order just a water from the bar because it's free and they are still doing me a service. The woman looked at us as if we were a burden to her and continued what she was doing. A minute or two later she proceeds to use the cups to scoop out the ice. Working in the business myself I know that this is a no-no whether it's plastic or glass. We decided against not ordering any alcoholic drinks due to poor service and the fear of cutting my mouth with a piece of glass. On top of that we could smell the nasty odor from the drains while leaving (smelled similar to a nursing home bathroom) and the floors of the bar looked filthy. Definitely never ordering a drink from the game room next time I go back.I think the food here has taken a big downturn since they originally opened years ago.  Being a food guy that's paramount for me. 2 stars for the food.
It's way too loud and crowded on the weekend and getting a table is a real challenge, especially in the arcade, but there is no other place like it.  This all-ages arcade is a must visit with the kids.  It ain't cheap, but it's really fun.  Our last visit here was for my son's belated 10th birthday.  The kids just absolutely loved it.  Unlike some arcades, you play all day and leave with a whistle and a piece of bubble gum.  The mountains of tickets that D&B moves is awesome.  For making my kid and his cousins so happy, they get a 4 stars for the experience.
I've conducted and attended dinners for Sales meetings in other D&B and it's great!  The grown-up billiards and casino-like games complement the arcade perfectly.
Just go, it'll be worth the trip.  I've always wanted to play 18 holes on the gold simulator.  Any takers?DO NOT HAVE AN OFFICE PARTY HERE!!!   My job picked this location to have our annual office party this year.  Our President Pre-Paid for drink cards that was good until 10pm and game cards.   Well to our surprise, ALL of the bars told our entire office at 9pm that they will no longer accept our drink or game cards????? What??? How is this!! The entire party was pre-paid for!  So how do you cut off game and drink cards 1 hr in advance but pocket the money that was paid for until 10pm?????  We asked for a manager and the manager stated she would do a last call at 9pm....this did not fix the situation how do you call last call for something that has been paid for an hour in advance???  Our company will not be back here ever again and I will be sure to steer any BIG PRE-PAID BUSINESS away from here!!! Such a rip off to our company!!great location?  Really?  It seemed away from anything but a few hotels. If I was staying in one it would have been great.  I wasn't. so it sucked.
Food was below par.  I've been to other DB's so I know they can cook.  Drinks were too sweet.
Basically ists like this.  Bad location, bad food, and for two folks:  Dinner and two drinks and a 25 dollar game card ran us 130 dollars.  And the games? They sucked.  Completely sucked.  
With so many great restaurants DB has to lift its game.  Compared to other DB's this one has to lift its game.  If the food and drinks aren't the draw and the games are, it still needs to lift its game.  
I also felt like I was in Thug heaven.  I was very worried to let my fiance go into the bathroom alone.  I am not one to be intimidated easily (usually I walk into places unintimidated where a wise man would avoid) and when I went into the bathroom, even I felt a bit uneasy.  
This place is popular?  I wouldn't come to this one again.I would take a half star if possible or rather no stars for the amazingly bad food service. We waited for one and a half hours and half of the orders never arrivedHorrible!!! The food took forever to come out and we were the only table eating in the place. The food was terrible and way over priced! You're better off eating a head of time. The waiter was nice, but messed up the bill several times.. Will not be returning.Absolutely horrible. Sticky table. Sticky menu. Sticky drink menu. Empty restaurant. Slow service. Bizarre flavor combinations. Cook that doesn't understand frying at low temperature makes food marinate in grease, rather than cook. Yuck. Go for the games.First and last time here poor and slow service very loud with hardly anyone else in dining area. They did not say anything to patrons allowing their screaming kids runnng around dining area.
All of this before we even got food server and she had no personality and very slow.
We ordered food of menu cause it looked great until we got the food. Very dry not tender as mentioned, I had a steak and burger tasty barley any steak, fries looked like left overs, tator tots salty. They don't offer sweet teas at all, bit plenty of alcohol.
Now I'm done waiting again to pay, the credo card machine was broken so manager tried to get manual credit machine. I will never get this time back I wasted at this place. 
Just SUCKSLove it. It was great time in Dave and buster. Definitely going back for some more fun. Awesome place to hang out with friends. 
Cons side is Bar area in game zone doesn't have enough employee.  It was hard to Order drinks and foods. It was stinking too.Restaurant service is awful.  From the girl who sat us saying they only had the small table when the place was empty and refused to give us a booth to the sloppy waitresses who are a mess and all seem to have a crappy attitude.   Food was not good at all for price, arcade is fun but crowded being a weekend.Overall it wasn't horrible but it was by no means a good experience. From the start the service was slow inaccurate with our orders and not attentive to their tables. The food was not cold but cooked wrong, drinks took WAY too long to come out and it took forever to see our waitress.
On top of the bad service this was one of the dirtiest establishments I've ever seen. Garbage all over the floor, sticky menus and tables, and greasy gaming systems.
Dave and Busters is overall a great chain, but this one specifically we were not satisfied with and will not be returning customers.My disinterested review
---
(bonus points if you know what that means!)
1. Eat & play combo (entree + $10 gaming card for $15) is in effect most nights (except peak times - after 5pm on Fri & Sat)
2. Parking is $11, unless you park near Penn's Landing and walk 5-10 min
3. They take "dry-aging" of steaks a bit too far - the steak was borderline freezer-burned (but you didn't come here for culinary inspiration, right?)
4. A hurricane glass is yours to keep after ordering their TnTea drink, but much smaller than the ones you get at Caliente Cab Co (Murray Hill, NYC)
5. The bathrooms were absolutely filthy
6. All in all we spent about $30 to win 650 points, which got us a D&B mug & shotglass.  Most stuffed animals require almost 1000 points. At this rate, the 11,000 point PS3 they were showcasing would've costed...$500. Assuming you keep winning at that clip, of course. 
Overall a fun night, but it was an absolute zoo.  I'm willing to try a D&B in the 'burbs to see if the experience is better.My family and I come here often. (Live down the block) So overall it is a good spot. The happy hour specials are good. 
I have to agree with the other folks when they say the tables tend to be sticky. I usually just ask can it be wiped down with a clean rag. I work in the industry so I know sometimes the rag and water bucket don't get changed when it's busy. 
Anywho...What brought me to yelp. Recently I went in and the first hour was horrible. Not happy and certainly not as expected. From the bartender and kitchen. Regardless, the manager Melanie took CARE of it! She was so nice and understanding! For her alone and how she handled the situation we will certainly be back!Dave & Buster's is my go to spot for to watch a sports game. Tend to order the chicken quesadilla or spinach dip. Opted for the street tacos this time around and they were pretty decent. What I love most about this place, depending on the location, it's like a giant arcade for adults. Video games, basketball, air hockey, pool tables, and sometimes a bowling alley. Half price to play games on Wednesday!!Had a girls night out here got some drinks and even played a couple games. Really  had a blast and plan on coming back. We also ate and had a great experience with Katherine.Dave & Buster's is one of my all time favorite places to go. It's the ultimate arcade for anyone who loves games and fun in general. I wish I could have gave this place 7 stars instead of the maximum 5. The swipe cards have a fairly decent amount of time on them and aren't too expensive either. If you like to drink close to where you play, you'd love this place, not only that, it has a club like atmosphere that's great for birthdays and other types of get-togethers. There was a curfew for kids that goes into effect at 10 PM, but things might have changed since I've last been there in 2008. No place is perfect,especially one that caters to a bunch of screaming, hyperactive kids and drunk adults, but this place is close enough and a game player's Heaven.I'm the founder of a local social group and we have been coming to this Dave & Busters for 11 years. Other BBW groups such as mine have been coming to D&B for over 20 years even back when this was called Jilly's. I have brought within the last 2 years parties of 25-30 people. This past saturday night there was a threat of icy roads and basically my group didnt show up to this event. Turnout was very low. The manager assitant Eric basically treated us very bad. everytime he came into our room he gave us dirty looks. Also he read us our contract and since we are a non-profit group he waived the room rental fee. We have never had to pay a room rental fee. At the end almost to punish us he tried to get $150 out of us even though the contract said no room rental fee. Our meals came out cold. We had to send back our ribs. We ordered a full rack of ribs and were served a half rack.. 6 ribs is not a full rack. He messed up our bill several times before he made it right. Our waitress Jesse was very nice. Its the assitant manager Eric that really messed up our time there. Very upsettingCame in to play a bunch of games and have a few drinks on Sunday night. We all had a lot of fun... but it was pricey. Parking was $15 in the garage, two Bud Lights cost over $10 and game credits add up really quickly. Overall, we had a great night and would probably come again, but in reality it's too expensive to do very often.Not good.  Waited over an hour for a table. When seated food took a long time to come out. As we waited we noticed a roach crawling over the table next to us. We reported it to a manager who then promptly seated the next group there without even checking the table. We later saw a roach on the chairs at the same table. Food was not good. Some was cold and some was over cooked. Waitress did get the steak redone for us but overall a bad experience.Terrible experience. Told us the wait would be 1 to 1 1/2 hours. We waited over two hours and they told us "sorry, our kitchen crashed an hour ago and we haven't seated anyone for the past hour." How about telling people? They had our cellphone number to notify us but they didn't.This Dave and Busters makes for a very expensive outing accompanied by rude service. Went on a Friday night with a group. The parking was about $15. When we got to the entrance we were informed of a $5 cover per person. The cover led me to believe there might be a DJ or some sort of additional entertainment. When we walked in the restaurant area was dead and there was nothing special in the game room. Given the price of the games a $20 card ran out in under 30 minutes. My friend wanted to get food at the bar so we wanted a menu. The bartender kept walking past us for 15 minutes so we interrupt him to ask for a menu and he snapped and yelled at us in a nasty way. That off put us from ordering anything. At that point we each had spend about $30 per person for less than an our of entertainment and were yelled at for wanting to order food. I could think of way better ways to spend my money and Friday night, no thanks Dave and Busters!I used to come here all the time as a kid, it was just the place to go. However, I am no longer a kid and I find it odd people flock here every weekend like DB offers anything new.
Known for the sports atmosphere, I would say that still applies. The last time I had been here was probably 5/6 years ago. The food is crap, no flavor and expensive. On this particular night me and my bf came to play in the arcade and I kinda felt like the excitement factor game wise has gone down. The games are kinda lame and I feel like they downsized. 4 stations of the same game instead of different ones altogether.
Anyway, saturday night, it's busy as always. The bartenders are moving but people are waiting, there needed to be atleast 4 for the crowd surrounding the bar and there were only two.
I got a mojito, my bf got a LIT. My mojito was basically juice with not a hint of alcohol and my bf's LIT was good enough, you could atleast taste the liquor. So, we politely complain and the bartender didnt refuse to make another one but she was clearly annoyed and said "if it's made right you're not supposed to taste the alcohol."
No baby, this isnt my first rodeo. Even the sweetest of drinks are supposed to have some sting afterwards, I was practically drinking minute maid and for a 10 dollar mojito, I wanna taste all the alcohol I'm paying for.
So, she makes another one, LIT, MUCH BETTER. We move on, the wait or the money wasnt worth it for so so concocted drinks.
All in all, DB has gone down. It's the last of it's kind which isnt hopeful bc arcades alone simply dont exist much anymore. 
The type of crowd they get on weekends, money, food and drink taste aren't worth it in my opinion.This was an outing for two families on a very hot day. I liked that they had water available in the lobby for customers coming in. 
This is what it is supposed to be a place to go and play games of various kinds. 
The kids were sent off to play video games and the adults played pool. 
The kids burned there cards up pretty quickly. And disrupted the pool. 
We then decided to go bowling and eat as we did. 
The lane we chose was messy in the sitting area. It needed to be cleaned better. I could say the same about the men's bathroom.
The bowling was excellent and fun.
The food took a long time to come out. We figured it took so long because you rent the lanes per hour. 
The food I ordered was decent, not great. The drink stole the show because it had glowing ice in it. 
We had fun and that is why you go to this place. Service and cleanliness can improve at this location.Went on a Friday night with a party of 4, so had no problem expecting to wait for a table.  Got sat around 20 minutes later, but we waited 12 minutes before we were even greeted by anyone.  By the time our waiter finally came over, we had time to order drinks, appetizers, and our meal.  A little disappointed that an appetizer sampler came with 4 mozz sticks, 4 wings, and only 3 potato skins.  Our food come out in an appropriate time, but one order paid an extra dollar to substitute sweet potato fries, and that order came out with 1/3 of everyone else's fries.  The food was underwhelming, but nothing extravagant was expected.  I'll go back again, but only to finish the leftover $$ on my card.Came in for lunch on my birthday.  Service was very slow from the beginning.  We placed our drink orders and then the waitress didn't come back with our drinks until 10 minutes later.  The waitress then took our order without writing anything down which always scares me unless I'm in a restaurant with professional waiters.  A food runner came by our table about 15 minutes after we placed our order with what appeared to be a dessert and we politely told him that we didn't order it.  Then 15 minutes later our food came out (pretty slow in my book b/c it wasn't very busy) except for my fiancé's steak salad.  The waitress never came back to ask us how our food was.  10 minutes go by and still no waitress.  My steak was supposed to be cooked to medium but it was definitely well done but at this point I was already half through and wasn't going to send it back.  I finally had to get up and flag down the food runner and tell him we were still missing our salad.    5 minutes later the waitress finally comes by and tells us she is going to check on the salad.  Another few minutes go by and she comes back and apologizes and says that the salad went to another table by accident.  At that point we also let her know that  my niece didn't like the chicken fingers she ordered and asked for a side of mac n cheese.  To their defense I tried the chicken fingers and they tasted okay to me.  A few minutes go by and the steak salad finally comes out and the waitress told us she was going to take the salad and chicken fingers off the menu.  We had to ask the waitress 10 minutes later "where's the mac n cheese?  It came out shortly after.  She brought the check and took off the chicken fingers, salad, mac n cheese and the drinks which helped make up for this awful birthday lunch.  The last straw was that she didn't bring my $10 card for the games.  I would go back and play the games but I would skip the food.I went to Dave and Buster's last night for a Philly2Night VIP event. It was open bar and there was great band playing called Modern Bliss. They had the event on the dockside deck. It was such a great location being outside right on the water! I never knew Dave and Busters had such a great outdoor spot! I am not too much of an arcade gal but I was super impressed of the bar and the staff was fast and very nice. And after a few cocktails the arcade games actually were pretty fun!!! I would totally recommend everyone to go check out the dockside bar if you haven't already, it will turn into your new summer spot!!
Philly2Night also has lots of event like this one coming up! The VIP program pretty much invites you out to these awsome, free events at least 3 nights a  week! check out more information on it @ http://zfer.us/3cYZOI know...this rating is a bit high.  I feel bad about it, but not really.
Cons - it's trashy, you have to pay for parking, there's a cover charge fri/sat nights, and a bunch of the other stuff people said.
Pros - it's fun still.  Sure, don't have your formal/wedding here.  I know I have fun here playing the stupid worthless ticket games, the racing games, hunting games, etc.  I don't want to come here all the time, but once in awhile when I'm bored of the normal "get drunk at the bar then wander around ordering pizza, etc" and I go to D&B, I usually have fun (as long as you let your inner child out).  
Take this place as it is...an arcade.  What arcade have you been to that was clean?  So leave your standards at home, and play some video games!BF and I dined here to get the $20 play card in order to avoid the activation fee and what not. Ordered poppin potatoes, baked shrimp alfredo pasta and a cabas chicken. The poppin potatoes were disappointing, I'm not sure what to make of it. It's not even crispy on the outside! The baked shrimp alfredo pasta my BF got was too damn saucy and the bacon was not crispy. The chicken I got was expected to be dried since it was a healthy menu option and it was white meat. When I tasted the rice at first, it tasted pretty weird but there's a little spicy kick at the end of the bite you kinda get addicted to.
Moving on to the arcades, since there was a dining/bar area in the middle of the arcade room, there were weird smells whenever you passed by the games near there. In my opinion, the games were pretty expensive but they do have great prizes not like those cheap, rundown arcades. Be careful though, there are a LOT of children that run around and look everywhere for tickets on the floor so watch your things at all time.So I wrote to corporate like the comment said. Not sure what there definition of "make it right is" I simply got a letter saying thanks for the feedback. What a waste, just like visiting the establishment!The waiter overcharged me for our food. He have me two receipts with two different amounts. When I went to him about it he went in the back and said the problem was solved. I called my bank and the problem wasn't solved. Now I'm having a problem getting my money back. After I complained about it a lot of my friends had the same issue. Looks like there's a lot of this going on at this place. Never again.Me and my girlfriend came here before a concert tonight. We got seated and waited 20 minutes before we were even greeted by a server. After putting in food and drink orders it took about 15 minutes for our drinks to come. After having our below average food we moved to the bar where it took roughly 10 minutes to be served at a very empty barI visted Dave and Busters on New Years Eve.  We purchased the New Years Eve 21+ couples package for $180 and it included Dinner and a 4 hour open bar.  Dave and Busters is one of our fav places to go and we loved the idea that is was 21+ or that's what we thought.  We didn't realize the regular seating was avalible as well so there were babies and young kids there as well which made it hard to to get around the game room(I do not have a problem with kids but we liked the idea of 21+ on New years.)  Also, we had our own private bar but it only had a few choices for drinks but we were told we could go to any of the other bars.  Problem with that is you only had 2 or 3 bartenders on the other bars and it took us forever to get a drink.  If I am paying for a 4 hour open bar I would have thought it would be easy to get a drink.  In the 4 hours we were there we only had 3 drinks because it was a 15-20 min wait to get a drink.   Plus the game room was so crowded we couldn't even play games becuase they were all taken.  Again we love Dave and Busters but after this experience I will think twice before ever going back. And if I go back I will never do a package becuase in the end it wasn't worth the $180 per couple because we had a small buffet dinner and 3 drinks.I had to write a raving review after seeing all of the negative comments. We attended a birthday party at this D&B last night. It was from 5:30-7:30 on a Friday which seemed like the perfect time. Not crowded at all, plenty of room to roam & spread out without losing track of your crazed overstimulated kids. 
The reason for the raves? The staff! Every young person working couldn't do enough as far as customer service. From the girl who ran to the bar from the billiards room to get me a drink without wanting a tip & offering to recharge our cards or "anything you need " "that's what she's there for", to the girl who saw me at the bar in the arcade & poured me a drink while waiting for a bartender to help me- telling me a tip wasn't necessary. Of course I tracked her down & gave her one after I got my change from the bartender. The girls who have an insane job of redeeming cards & distributing prizes were very polite & helpful as well. Our party hostess kept everything running smoothly while keeping everyone informed of food service, etc. Not easy in such a large place with attendees spread out everywhere. 
In summary, the food, the staff & the atmosphere were all wonderful. 
Also, noticed they've upgraded their "swipe slots" to activate games. Much more player friendly. No longer wondering if your card worked & the game is ready to play like before when it could be confusing for the younger kids. Also, no tickets, all points are kept track of on your card. So convenient !:-)What to say about a visit to Dave and Busters? Let's start with the great attributes and then move to the reasons I am never coming back. It looks like I am one of many based off the reviews. 
Bartender was super sweet and was customer service oriented. That's the best part of he visit. The only reason for the one star. However, the drinks were underwhelming and just plain bad.  I decided to accept the bad drink, because she was so nice and because they were out of every beer I wanted. Plus,  it would have been awkward telling her otherwise, but I can't accept the dirtiness.  We ordered the bang bang shrimp and some chicken  and said a "Hail Mary". 
 I'm not sure if we came in after the dinner rush or if cleanliness is just not a top priority at this chain. I have actually seen McDonalds that are cleaner. The bar was sticky, as were the menus, as were the floors. There were only about 20 customers, and about 100 fruit flies per person. Fruit flies everywhere. I mentioned it to the bartender, who seems surprised. To her credit, at least she acknowledged the issue. Management was right there when the complaint was made and said not a word.  My stomach was already turning before the food was delivered. My second round of "Hail Marys" noted. 
The bang bang shrimp were undercooked and the chicken was pink. The lettuce was old and it looked like there was mold on the celery. It was exactly what was expected from the insides of this place.  Voicing this to the manager would not have helped, in that we won't be back. I'll save my prayers for a place with a mop, standards, and fly traps.I have been to a few of these. This one is great part of a mall to do your shopping and then have fun with your kids if they were well behaved. It's a big arcade for adults. Some offer bowling amd cool stuff if you just want to hang out. The food is good and a great place for groups especially if you want to play billiards.HATE HATE HATE the service there!! The worst I could ever had. 
Workers and  servers was the worst.
I went there on a Sunday around 1pm which was not that crowded but pretty busy.
 Playing  the games was fine but when it came to getting stuff from the game room for prize no one wanted to pay attention to get our stuff all the workers did there talk to each the whole time, they saw me waiting but decided that having there conversation was much more important. So I waited there until they were finally finish. Finally when he was finish he scan my cards and stood there giving me a look I was waiting for him to at least tell me how much points I had, but he did not so I decided to give him the stuff that I wanted, he scan each one yet not telling me how much point I had. So to my knowledge I thought I had more point untill he told me " THAT ENOUGH NO" well alright you could have just told me nicely  so then he decided to take the scanner and pretended to shoot himself in the Head.
I then took my stuff and just walk away. After that we decided to take a picture at the picture booth while we were waiting for the picture to come out a worker decided to unplug the booth great I lose 5 buck! 
Worst worst worst Service ever!!The food was about the same quality you would expect from TGIFridays or Chili's
I don't think it was worth the wait. Cool environment, but if you are not into games, go somewhere else. I would give them a three if the wait was less than 45 minutes.Mediocre food and extremely slow service. 
Nice venue but don't come here expecting a nice meal. In fact don't even expect decent bar food.We used to go here a lot. The staff is always courteous. The food is excellent, sometimes the service for food is a little slow. But overall a very good place to take kids or go on a date. The prices are a little expensive for the games and food but it's a fun time. It's crowded in the weekends but during the week it's a good place to visit.This would have and should have received a higher rating because it is a fun place to go for anyone.  In my case on this day, I was with my husband and two kids and the 2 is strictly because of the dining experience.  First, we were sat by the hostess quickly so that was great, but then we waited, and waited, and waited some more...no drinks, no hello thank you for coming, no silverware, nothing for like 5/10 minutes.  We had enough time to decide on meals and at one point I started counting how many servers looked at our table and just kept walking.  Finally our server shows up and takes our order.  Another guy brings it when it was ready and I kid you not takes my husband plate and passes it over top of my 9 year old's head and after my husband reaches for it and damn near burns his fingers, the guy is like, oh hot plate.  The list continues: My son's burger was missing the bacon he asked for.  We had to ask for silverware.  A busboy tried to take my husbands plate before he was even done (all he did was turn to set up a game on his phone for our daughter).  The only thing he was quick to do was ask if we wanted dessert.  At that point we were like, check please!Go on wednesdays for Half off games and happy hour from 8-10pmWe go down before concerts or sporting events, shoot pool and get drinks and appetizers. It is a good time, but service in the pool area can be really slow and sometimes you have to go find someone to help you refill drinks, etc...We've been to a lot of Dave & Busters' over the years, and a lot of Dave & Busters-like venues. But the one on the waterfront in Philly remains my favorite. It could be that I'm biased -- my hometown is Philly and the waterfront/South Street/Old City is a really fun area to hang out. I enjoy the coolness of the building, with the cool old stairwell/escalator that takes you up a floor to the front of the house.
Once you get in the door it's a pretty standard D&Bs. There's the Midway with all of the games in the back, private dining room, restaurant, bar and gaming tables. TVs everywhere. We have found the staff to be pretty accommodating in terms of putting a specific game on a specific TV, and the last time we visited, the hostess was super sweet and helped us get a game table and TV in a section of the place that wasn't even officially open yet.
Tip: The parking cops around the waterfront are Nazis. We've gotten a ticket parking on the street twice. It is much better and cheaper to park in the parking ramp attached to D&Bs. It's $11 to park, but you get a coupon on the bottom of the thing you stick on your windshield that gets you a $5 discount on your food/drink tab inside. So in my mind, since I always get a drink or two, it's $6 for parking, which is reasonable.
Easy access from Columbus Blvd., the Ben Franklin Bridge and the aforementioned South Street area. There's a sushi place in the same building if you are into sushi. We've been there a few times and it's definitely passable (though not the best sushi we've ever had. They have (or did have) an all-you-can-eat option which can be fun if you are really hungry.I definitely recommend this place for the games and sports lounge, but I can't say the same for the food, service or drinks. 
Although it wasn't the worst service I'd ever experienced, it was far from good. The waiter brought the wrong drinks, couldn't answer questions about the menu, and even asked "do we actually have that on the menu?" when I ordered something. When my husband ordered a steak with Chimmichuri sauce, the waiter made a face and asked "you like that green stuff?"
He was just too old to be soo unprofessional, but like I said, it wasn't the worst service ever. 
The signature drinks and margaritas are terrible, so I suggest sticking to beer, wine and standard mixers (rum and coke, vodka cran, gin and tonic, etc.).
Next time I take my son for games, I'll eat at the Hibachi downstairs and then go to D&B for the games. Oh yeah, I forgot to mention, that this place tends to draw in some trashy people who (no pun intended) leave trash all around the hallway and game floor.This place is only lucky that they have the arcade and beer to keep people around and amused. The service is extremely poor. The bar does not have enough employees, or people that actually care to do their job and make money. (And it should be the center area that keeps adults wanting to stay longer). The food was absolutely horrible. We ordered a burger and the bun was a brick, and the meat was 100% microwaved. We returned the burger for a 2nd try only to have it taste just as bad: It's not very clean. But the main problem is that it feels as though the people who work here look and feel stressed, and that they don't want to be here. Which then reflects back to the customers. It's sad. Good luck Dave and busters. I don't see a future aheadIt's cool place to take kids but don't come with an empty pocket.
Parking $15 which is crazy but I guess better then parking on busy Columbus Blvd.  You get $7 back if you buy food which we did.
Food was great and our server was awesome.
Son's chicken nugget kid meal was very tasty and he enjoyed it.
I had the sweet apple pecan salad with chicken. The combo was amazing.  My only worry was that some of the pecans were really hard that I thought I was going to break a tooth.  Besides that it was awesome.
The game area was busy for a Sunday evening but not crowded so my son was able to play a bunch of games.    Some of the games were a TOTAL rip off.  I swear they lasted less then 5-10 seconds. It's NOT right.     Needless to say I did NOT refill my card (which they charge you for) a second time.  
We had about 278 credits/coupons and the shelves were empty so my son's choices were slim unless he wanted candy (no way on a sunday night).
The way they have you use the credits is made so you don't know what you're using. Really .. one game is 6.8 credits or 2.3 credits.  OMG give me a break!
Walking in and out of the 2nd level parking garage I encounterd guest AND staff smoking by the door (remember I paid $15 for this).   Not 50 feet away but literally by the door.  Not fun walking with a 7 year old.  At least on the way out the staff apologized.  So much space in garage and smoking is by the DOOR?  Isn't it a law that it has to be 50feet away?
WIll I be back?  Maybe in a few years..  Sad because I would come back every few months if 1- smoking was in a better location... 2- wasn't ripped off in some of the games 3- had better prizes for 7 year old that don't understand that they can only get a rubble skelton head since shelves were empty. 4-parking was included with meal.I came with my boyfriend for date night and we decided to grab dinner here. We both were looking for a healthier option rather than your normal fast foods. My boyfriend got a grilled chicken and kale ceaser salad. His salad was drenched in dressing and the chicken was extremely over cooked. The shrimp was also over cooked and under seasoned. I ordered the salmon with spinach and broccoli. I loved the spinach but I hated the salmon. The salmon was very hard and was over cooked as well. We opted out of getting drinks, most of their drinks are loaded with syrups and food coloring. The only reason I'm giving it three stars is because we had a great time in the arcade room. I think it was a little on the expensive side but we made the best of our time there. I'd continue to come here, strictly for the games. I would prefer to eat and drink at a different establishment.Not a fan of this place - rowdy, wasted crowd, pricey drinks and not the best service. If you need an arcade, pretty much your only option,but I would spend my free time elsewhere.I kinda like this location better than the Columbus blvd one. It's smaller and less overwhelming however it can get ghetto and overly packed on weekends. It's a fun place to go on a weekday when it's less crowded but I'd stay away on the weekends. You will be disappointed that you paid so much money to try and navigate through the ghettoness. Keep your kids close if you plan to do the dirty deed and go on the weekend.First of all this Dave's & Buster's needs to be renovated. Omg.. run down! I see why they give you the option to pay after ordering or pay as you eat. Never pay first with tip. That's what we did. Nice tip was letter too. While we bowled, no drinks we're served. Our food came, he asked we're we eating by the alley or at the tables we chose the alley, however when we moved to the table we we're told by our waitress that we had to go back 6 ft. to the alley to eat and that they are separate venues.Our waitress was nice but was not properly trained. And after taking the order didn't give a fuck. That's why she offered the option to pay first or as you go. Once you pay first they will not give you that undivided attention like you're not important.The food was luke warm when it came out and still no drinks and no silverware. Had to chase down rose to see wth is going on. Oh she's hanging out at the the bar with the rest of the crew, which their are about seven. Damn never again. This place sucks! It's not worth it!What a bad experience. Bar smells like it hasn't been cleaned in months and it's unbearable. Bartenders are slow and under staffed. The crowd are grim. The drinks are priced at 8-10$. This place has dramatically changed within the last 10 years and would never return to this dump.Joe in the restaurant gave exceptional service. Food was ok, with great healthy options. Great timeI've gone to good Ike D&B's a few times since moving to this city 10 years ago. Date nights, snowpocolypses, avant-garde ladies nights... None of these are even a blip on the radar compared to my last visit, when my company decided to graciously provide us with an evening of booze, games, and what I think was food.
Let's start with the good things: they've gotten a ton of new games. They've made it so your "power card" automatically holds all your tickets from the time you win them and points and I think you can register them. The "prize" selection is a lot better than I recall. Not a "yolo" shirt in site.
Yeah ok that's it for the good things.
Bad: the food was frigging inedible. Well the salad was. I ate salad. We had chicken (super hard and dry), potatoes (why did they taste like lemon?), asparagus (slimy literally falling apart on ones fork), stale rolls, dry salmon, and desert squares made with salted butter. The drinks (when one could find a server or bartender to get one) the beers are huge or normal sized.. There was no way of knowing which you'd get. There aren't prices on the menu so get ready to sound like an a-hole asking how much something is! The bartender seemed overwhelmed with 16 people at her bar. For some reason it seemed like a good idea to carpet everything, which really ties the room together and holds the vomit smell that exists throughout the game room.
Oh. Yeah. The bathrooms. The ladies had about 12 stalls. 8 of which (this is by no means an exaggeration) had vomit, or actual feces strewn all over the stalls. It was a THURSDAY at like 9! Have you ever gone to the bathroom at Grand Central Station in nyc? That is preferable. No lie, the most used bathroom in the US where people bathe their homeless selves in institutional sinks feels more welcoming than this place.
Games, if not broken are larger versions of games you can download for free on your phone. But hey! They got skeeball!!!
I mean there's no where else to go like this, if you want to go to an arcade, you go there. Maybe their corporate people could encourage more staffing, better house keeping, and edible food preparation.This place is huge, they have a ton of pool tables, a few different bars, hundreds of video games, virtual golf, football, hockey, a bunch of trivia, it's just a really fun place, and one of the cooler and more jam packed dave and buster's i've been too.  If your board and have money and time to kill, this is a great place to do both. 
Buck Hunter, is all i'm say'n...I've taken different groups of friends, both Stateside and foreign, to this Dave & Buster's, and it hardly disappoints. People would always have a good time, even if they aren't big video game (or redemption game) fans.
As expected, the food is fast-casual. Nothing to write home about, even if in the photos they look good. They're almost exactly what you would get from an Applebee's or TGIFridays. 
If there isn't a football or baseball game happening, sit at the Sports Bar if you want to eat in relative peace before you play at the Midway. Although it isn't really that bad when there is a game--the noise you typically would hear are from fans cheering on their teams.
I would suggest that everyone just shares one game card, and everyone just pools in the money to load with with a higher value, which gives you more chips. If you sign up for their D&B rewards program too, you'll periodically get coupons that double the amount you reload (like say, you get $20 worth of chips for only $10; or $40 for $20).
All in all, not a bad way to spend an evening. It's not an overly special place, but it's enjoyable nevertheless.
By the way, parking isn't bad--part of the rate goes to $5 off a drink at the bar. It's definitely better and a little safer than parking on the street.We brought our boys out for a day of fun on the waterfront and stopped into D&B for some lunch and gaming fun. I have to say, we were pleasantly surprised by the attentive service in such a chaotic atmosphere and the variety on the menu was pretty diverse. 
I had the veggie burger, my wife had the fish n chips and the boys enjoyed some all American burgers. Good portions, tasty food, fun atmosphere. walking distance from South Street, Society Hill, and waterfront attractions.I'm a fan of Dave and Busters. I haven't been in a while, and the guys and I decided to go watch an Eagles game there, lured in by the "all you can eat wings and $10 play card for $19.99." First disclaimer, that price is $21.99 for the philadelphia location (eye roll), but it didn't really matter because we decided to not be gluttonous heathens and just order a normal size portion anyway. First impression was that they have remodeled a bit. The area immediately upon entering is now designed for watching games and noshing a little bit. I'm not sure if there was always a bar right there, but I do know that the area to the right upon entering WAS full of pool tables, and is now full of bar tables. We got a spot at one of those tables and watched the game on the huge tv they have. Atmosphere was great. There were (sufficiently and not overly) enthusiastic eagles fans, and the food and drink were good. The kiddies were separated in their arcade prison on the other side of the building, so there were no issues with the little ones. I would totally go back to watch another game. I hate that you basically HAVE to park in their lot, as GOOD DAMN LUCK finding a spot on Delaware Ave (sorry, "Columbus Boulevard"), but parking with them does get you, I think, $7 off food or drink upstairs. So, it wasn't a back breaker.Horrible service. Slowest people ever. Worse than the time Cracker Barrel never served us. I can't believe it. The food runners were the rudest ever and the shrimp in the Alfredo looked raw. When ever you asked the food runners a question they would just stare at you. Absolutely no help.This is Prince Dangle's work ako every summer today I disable 5 star cars I like David Felder off it Delaware and I like it or cousins more you can have fun play different different games food and talk to the people of a like to place um I wish era body George a self at David boxes have a get Tom please do not drink in tomorrow this is point style schoolWhen I heard we were eating at the Dave & Buster's sports bar, I honestly had very low expectations. I was pleasantly surprised. They have a large variety of food and drink options, and special deal packages where you can get discounted game tokens. We started with original margaritas, which tasted very good. There were no prices on the drink menu and when we got the bill I was shocked to see they were over $10.50 each. For our meals we got a cheesesteak with fried onion and fries; and the crispy Nashville style hot chicken. The cheesesteak was fine. I have definitely had better and worse. I had no complaints about it. The Nashville style chicken meal was DELICIOUS. I'm sure it had twice as many calories as I should have had the whole day, but it was a great comfort food. It had mashed potatoes, creamed spinach, and a cheddar cheese sauce as a base, topped with two juicy boneless fried chicken breasts, two biscuits, and a sriracha sauce. The plate was empty by the time I was finished. I would have no qualms about coming back to eat here. There were tons of meals on the menu I want to try!4.5 stars. I have been here about 3 times. We came here Wednesday around 12:30 PM  it just opened. Note that the parking lot smelled like pee. We were served by a waiter almost immediately. While the food came we went and played some arcade games. Some reviews pointed out that the floor was sticky. They might have been short staffed or came at the end of the day. The floors were not sticky. I ordered the Lotsa Loaded Tots and t was brought out about 10 minutes after ordering. My meal was wrong the first time. The waiter apologized promptly and brought out the right food 5 minutes later. The tots has a cheese sauce that added a little spices, some scallions and bacon. The tots were nice and crisp. Wednesday's are half price on the games, so my 100 point card ($20.00) lasted about an hour and I still had about 40 points left. Good place to take kids for a hour or two. Recommended.Dont know why this place is getting bad reviews parking is free unlike south philly, pool is cheap and so is the bowling. Games are accurately priced and dont overcharge. The food is what u expect. Only complaint is the bartenders are extremly slow. But its an arcade not just a barTo provide context, I try to avoid gambling as much as possible, love arcades, and have never been to a Dave and Buster's prior to this but am a Chuck E. Cheese kid at heart.
I came here on a slow Tuesday night with a group of 38 giddy but uninspired teenagers from deep Brooklyn eager to say how lame it all was, and 7 fellow chaperones who were just trying to get through this end of the year trip. To my surprise, the place was massive - there was easily 50-75 stations/games available with bright lights that made you feel like you were in a casino but instead of winning money you won dinky street fair prizes and overpriced sweets - the "candy store of gambling", my partner calls it.
We were given the party room in the back to eat first - pizza bagels, mac and cheese, crispy chicken bites, sliders, and fries were available (with salads to order) buffet style. The wait staff was courteous and nice, efficiently replacing the food when it went empty. They also gave us boxes to take the leftovers back to the hotel, which the kiddos lit up at the sight of - "WHAT? THAT'S LIT, YO I'MMA EAT THAT AT 4 AM". The sliders were tender in a flavourless way, the chicken was fine but could have used more spices in the breading, pizza bagels tasted like the frozen microwave dinner variety, the fries lacked potato-essence, and the mac and cheese was fine, but a sprinkling of salt and pepper were absent.
Although the food was subpar, everyone was genuinely kind in their interactions with my screaming students, and they get 3 stars for actually accomplishing the impossible - getting 38 teenagers to say they had fun. Skee ball, ticket roulettes, trivia, giant life-size Rock-Em Sock-Em robots, Mario Kart, Gran Turismo, Terminator, shooting games, air hockey, etc. The options were endless, and we really had a great time. It's made me reconsider these places and seems like a fun place to get drunk and bring on a date. Cheers!We've been here a few times over the years since it opened and it has gone down a bit.  It's a step below what you would expect from any chain restaurant in food quality and service.  
We decided to choose from the Eat,Play, Win Combo.  While the pictures of the food look enticing they're shockingly full of calories and epic amounts of sodium when you read the description on the menu.  This made the choices tough to decide.  The potato chip crusted chicken was considerably greasy (probably from the chips) with a bland taste.  The parmesan chicken ceasar was typical.  However, the fire grilled salmon was the highlight and tasted pretty good.  I did notice someone ordering the Philly cheese steak and it was tiny!
While service is friendly it was really slow and the staff often looked confused.  Our order was mixed up with another table.  Overall we probably won't go back.  In fact, only go here if you have kids and plan on playing games.     
Tip:  If you plan on playing games then the Eat, Play, Win Combo is your best bet for bang for buck.  You get a charged card for playing games.  However, don't "supercharge" your card ... it's not worth it.  
Tip:  Also, consider eating at a booth inside the game room.  It might be noisier but it's more about the experience of Dave and Busters.  The dining room tables are a bit too close to each other.I have been going to D & B for awhile now. The atmosphere is nice and it's a good place to hang out for a few beers or play pool. If you have kids, this place can be an option for them. There are games you can play, get tickets and trade the tickets in for items that they have in their shop. The price is a little high but my overall experience wasn't bad.If you're over the age of 21 and don't have kids with you I wouldn't suggest coming before 10pm, especially not on a Saturday. It's overrun with crazy, unsupervised children. Also don't expect to sit down and eat as soon as you get there. Our wait was 1hr just to get a table and then it took 45 minutes for the food and an additional 30 minutes after eating just to get a check. Prices are expensive and service is fairly lack-luster. The bar in by the games is seriously understaffed. Can take up to 15 minutes just to get a beer. The only saving grace was that once 11pm hit most of the crowd had dissipated and we were able to move more freely from game to game.Best day and time to go: Wednesdays hands down.  Came late night for my birthday to have some drinks and play some games.  1/2 off games on Wednesdays is awesome plus it's not crowed and you can really play all your favorites games without waiting.  We put $40 on a card and still had at least half left by the end of the night. The drinks are good and you can use the $7 parking coupon towards food AND alcohol so don't forget to bring it in with you.  Overall we enjoy coming here for some fun, competitive game playing.WAYYYYYYY too dark in that place!! I will NEVER go back again. I imagine that is what hell is like. I was attacked by a group of black people while I had my toddler with me. It was ridiculous. I guess the only security guard was the one they had in the mall entrance carding people for no reason. Absolutely ridiculous. That place should be burned down.Kyle was the best thing there.He's service was perfect. The front bar smelled like dirty mop water and the floor was really sticky. The bar on the game floor was REALLY dirty. I'm giving 3 stars cause of Kyle's service.Fun place, good food. Food took a while to get to our table, but once it got there, it was delicious! I had the mac n cheese with garlic bread crumbs on top, and it was amazing! Other people at our table had burgers and steak and they said their food was great too! It's a bit expensive to play a bunch of games, but once you start drinking, it's worth the money because you're having so much fun. If you park at the garage where dave and busters is, you can present your parking ticket to the waiter, and get $5 off your parking ticket.I like coming here for games but for food it sucks. The  service is slow. We went here and used our tickets to purchase appetizers and it seems like nobody wanted our table. I'm guessing they thought we wasn't going to tip and in  reality I shouldn't of the food came out cold. It took them like 15-20 before someone even came to our table. The  person who came to our table seem like he was aggravated at something.Oh myyyy... D&B... what can I say...
It was a business related get together we planned in here to chill after a long day of work. I was so embarrassed I brought ppl there. D&B, if you cannot handle big groups, why are you pretending to be fluent at it? There were 15 of us. After 2.5hrs only half the orders arrived on the table... the rest wasn't going to. Yup. You read that right. They were trying to make it happen but let's be honest if it hasn't arrived by then it ain't coming out. And we were not the only big group with exact same problem. So we came in hungry, waited 2.5hrs and some of us left hungry and went out to get food elsewhere. I mean...wow...just wow! And the food quality is just awful! I have never been to D&B and I will never return.Omg chicken a waffle are to die for!!!! We had a nice sever. The one thing is my friend got the like meat pizza tortilla thing, and they didn't add the bacon to it. But they sure made up for it when they brought a huge plate of it. Drinks were good.Manager Neil Reid, although clearly homosexual, is a racist, self-hating gay person who I observed mistreat homosexual POC. Reid even hid one customer's wallet, a  sleek Herschel wallet that slipped out of their pocket. The young staff tried to rectify the wrongs- it could not be done. Neil Reid is a horror. Yes, the manager.I play table pool here. Most visitors play arcade games or bowling, so pool tables are often available, I don't have to wait for them. I really like that on Wednesdays prices are 50% off on games. But as other people say very often there is nobody at the front desk, sometimes I have to walk around looking for somebody who works there. I haven't eaten there, but coffee is great. The place has some flaws, but generally I like it.Where can you go to have average food, play overpriced games, get drunk and have a really good time?  Dave and Busters.  Yea those first two are downers, but overall this place is a fun time, if that's what you're actually looking for.  If you're too cool to let loose for a little while and act like a child then you're a fool for ever walking in.  Food is Applebee's quality if that.  Solid appetizers, weak entrees.  Game cards can be pricy and run out quick, but they do have meal deals and power up options that can help.  The games are great though.  There are tons of options from competitive ones, to fun ones, to ones that are just good if you want to score enough tickets to get a weird price before you leave.  Been here with friends, been here with co-workers, always a good time in the end.  If you have some "kid" left in you and haven't been, I recommend you check it out!Would you like to pay $5 (cash only) for the privilege of buying more overpriced beer and games? Come right in!If it was at all possible to give this place a negative review, I beg any willing administrator to do it, because this place definitely deserves it.
I have been to dave and busters before (at different locations, which has more or less always been positive), so this review is going to be reserved solely for this particular dave and buster's.
First of all, I have definitely been to this D&B before, and no, I am not 21. But a couple of friends and I drop by one night to kill a couple of hours. And what do I find? A lady selectively carding people walking in. Apparently you had to be 21 to enter. Which definitely did not apply to the large crowd of African Americans walking in 2 minutes before us.
Oh and I came here (to this exact location) before, never being carded. Well we argued with the manager for a couple of minutes on the basis of racial discrimination since apparently all African-Americans are over the age of 21, even if they look to be 15. They were exceptionally rude to all of us, saying nothing except that we  should leave. (I'm still very upset about this, seeing as we were being perfectly reasonable).
Well, we had a couple of coupons from somewhere and we figured we should at least charge them since we were here anyway (for later use at a different location). Apparently this was against the rules as well. Sooo... we couldn't go in, suddenly, because we weren't 21. And they didn't let us charge our cards, which really had nothing to do with the whole situation.
Conclusion; This Dave and Buster's sucks. If you go, you support racial discrimination. There I said it. Oh, and its $11 for parking unless you are willing to walk 5-10minutes over (but even that's difficult because rare unless you come past 10pm).Dave and Buster's has yet to disappoint me. I mean, this ain't Universal Studios people, but on the level of accessible entertainment this place satisfies. Any place where you can play some hoops, kill some zombies, and get some good laughs all for under $20 is a beautiful thing. The place is massive, they do a pretty good job of updating to new games, and the renovation that took place this last year has jazzed up the bar and has taken it to run down to classed up. I have yet to see this place half empty even on a Tuesday night. At all costs, however, stay away from the food! Service is painfully slow. Food is subpar and terribly overpriced--not entirely deplorable but even Olive Garden can do a better job. So don't do the food. It's crazy how much they charge for a half-ass meal. This particular Dave and Buster's has a great location on the water and is an easy walk to the Sugarhouse Casino and Morgan's Pier in the summertime. Bathrooms could definitely use some sprucing up, I've never not seen it in a state of teetering breakdown but it's usable. For a good night, I recommend going to any of the great restaurants in Old City and walk over to this place for some good 'ole back-to-the-basics fun.Good time. Had our office party there for a few years running. The place is huge and it is divided into a gaming area, restaurant, and bar area with a bunch of pool tables and shuffleboard tables.I wish I could give it NO stars. Service was horrible. Our server was Jennifer. She was totally frazzled and we tried not to pay it much mind. But when we waited an hour for our food and the party that came after us was eating before us, I knew it was going to be an issue. We ate planning on playing games, so we ordered the eat and play combos. Well. What NO ONE decided to tell us is that the system was down that loads the power cards. Needless to say, we were pissed. Jennifer have us some discount cards where if we spent 20 bucks, we would get 20 off and hurried off to charge our cards. Well, as soon as I saw a manager, I called him over AND HE IGNORED ME. I found out later that his name was Eric. Well, he said he took 20 bucks off of our bill and canceled the previous transaction. Nope. He charged me twice and not only that, they didn't separate the checks properly. I was charged for two cranberry juices, we only drank one. I was also charged for the other parties kids drink. I mean, come on!!! I found out later that the system crashed shortly before we got there so they had plenty of time to notify us of the issue but chose not to. Honestly, I used to come here a lot years ago, but they will not get my business ever again if this is what I have to look forward to. I could've done without the discount cards and the 20 bucks off of the bill if I just would've had someone competent enough to be thoughtful and polite. Never, ever, ever again. I will be calling corporate because as a person who has worked in the service industry, my experience was unacceptable.I've been to this location twice for sponsored events and ended up staying because I had such a great time. The first event was a catered dinner with a power play card for my city year end of year celebration. The staff were attentive and friendly without being suffocating. They refilled my drink and didn't feel offended when I walked up to their prep room myself for refills. There were well over 100 of us, I'm sure they would have missed a round or two. 
Anyway the catered food was absolutely delicious. All finger foods off the appetizer menu I believe and it was great. We reserved their big party room and I didn't feel disturbed by the regular patrons nor did I feel like we were disturbing them. Once our sponsored event was over I grabbed some drinks and stayed to play the arcade games. I love playing games! Putting great food, alcohol and arcade games together? Genius. 
The second time I went, the graduate student union at Drexel hosted a happy hour. They had catered food as well but I'm pretty sure it wasn't D&B's menu. The chicken was under seasoned, the mac and cheese was tolerable and the veggie options were completely overlooked for lack of presentation and my interest. We were given drink tix and a power play card but unfortunately the tix were only for beer or wine. The bartender saw my dismay and suggested I get the biggest size of my blue moon (a 20 oz. after all it was free). I took his suggestion. Luckily though, the event was from 5-9 which was during happy hour!! My friends and I ordered so many drinks in addition to our 3 drink tix. (Our bill at the end of the night was way less than expected. Happy hour prices are awesome) We were sitting at the bar for most of the night before playing games and Mike our bartender was awesome. He was attentive and funny and even let us order one last drink even though happy hour ended. 
Once again the games were awesome and refilling our power play card wasn't expensive at all. I haven't tried their actual food menu yet but I'm definitely going back.  Everything on the menu looks amazing. I want to try the bacon wrapped steak. Food review coming soon.Skip the restaurant. If i could give zero stars i would. Went for lunch yesterday. Only about 6 tables full. Seemed to have adequate staff. The service was just so bad. We waited 10 mins for someone to come over and ask for our drink order. A diet coke and a water. 15 mins later we got those. Then ordered a burger and steak salad. Seriously took forever. 30 mins maybe?  No ketchup. No one around to get ketchup. Had to hunt ketchup down. Nothing from our waitress during the entire meal. No check to see if we got what we needed. Nothing.we waited so long that by the time we finally got our check paid There was no time for games. Wth?  There was no manager in sight. In fact when I asked for a manager at the end I waited 10 mins and gave up. The wait staff won't make eye contact. They go to a table and run away after.  This place needs to have corporate shake it up. Unbelievable. Shameful. Don't go there. You are just telling them it's ok to take your money. They don't have to earn it.I went here with my family and boyfriend Saturday night and of course it was extremely crowded. I noticed the stench from the restroom 15 feet away. I did not like it and I don't think I will be returning anytime soon. Even though this D&B is larger than the one located at Franklin Mills I definitely prefer the other one. 
There is a parking garage with a $11 fee and after you pay, you receive a $5 coupon to either get any type of drink or cash back.It has been about 2-3 years since my family & I last came to Dave & Busters, this location to be exact and we enjoyed ourselves very much. Food & drinks were great. We attended a party at the bowling alley. Kids had a great time and so did the adults. The company I used to work for would even host annual parties here too.  I don't understand how a business of this nature was as chaotic, filthy and unorganized as it was this time around. It took over an hour for us to get our food. The poor waitress did her best and was so overwhelmed! They were Soooo understaffed, the bowling area had no bar tenders. We had to leave the party area to order drinks. The food orders came back wrong. I mean it was just a horrible experience all together. The kids had fun because of course they knew nothing of what was going on. I will not waste my money or time coming to this location ever again. So sad. What was supposed to be a family night of celebration turned into a bad memory with so much frustration. Lost 15 customers last night.Husband and I love Dave and Busters.  We've been going there a lot lately since having our baby with no issues, well no issues until tonight.  Tonight was just downright annoying.  My husband is military and thanks to Dave and Busters he gets a 20% discount off of food and play.  We're beyond grateful for that by the way, so thank you Dave and Busters.  Anyway, there was this one lady working the cash register by the entrance.  Never caught her name because she wasn't wearing a nametag.  She was on the taller side, chunky, with blond hair pulled into a messy bun and wearing a headband.  Anyway she had to wait for the manager to put the code in, meanwhile the line behind us was getting a little bit longer.  Like two more customers longer.  I guess she called for help on the radio and no one showed up for like 5 minutes.  When help did arrive she called her co-worker out in front of everyone.  Her exact words "You have your radio on you, right?" Her co-worker said yes.  She then said "So you heard me twice and ignored me." Man, who put her panties in a twist? I get it.  You hate your job and people in general, but if you're having an issue with someone you work with you handle it in private.  Guess no one taught her that.  Then, when my husband went up to reload his playcard, she tried telling him that you only get the discount one time per card.  Well that was news to him considering he's been getting discounts per reload since we've been coming here and other Dave and Busters around the area.  Luckily he had a different card in his wallet.  Good thing too because it certainly wiped that hideous smirk off of her face. On top of that she spoke to another customer in a matter of fact way.  He needed to return his rack from the pool table and she looked at him and was like "You need to see her if you want to cash out." Whoa!  Slow your many rolls lady.  I don't know who she was or why she was like this, but it was very unprofessional.  Maybe she should join the Marines to learn a little discipline.  I can certainly set her up with the recruiter in the district.  Just saying.  Overall we still like Dave and Busters, but we could certainly do without her.I like there Moutain of Nachos with guacamole and beans and lettuce and ground beef, very very good.  I always ask for more guacamole because they don't give you much otherwise.  I had the tacos on their special day for cheap tacos but they are not really worth getting.  The shell was stale and you didn't get much of anything inside the taco.  I tried there Bacon-Wrapped Sirloin Medallions & Grilled Shrimp.  The steak was very tough so I really couldn't eat it.  If you can chew really tough meat then get this...lol...The grilled shimp with it was good.  The roasted potatoes were also very good.  I think I will stick with their Mountain of Nachos.  Oh and the music is very loud and for the younger people.  I just tune it out.Came here to bowl with my son. Had a hard time finding an employee in the alley. Lane jammed up, bumpers for my son didn't work. Had to go search for a manager. An to make matters worse there was barley anybody in here. I will not be returning.absolutely terrible service. sat at the empty bar for 20 mins without being asked what we wanted. atleast 20+ tables were open and available and they said it was a 2 hour wait. place should shut down immediatelyGuess I should have looked at the reviews before coming. What a mess. Four people at the front and it took several minutes for any other them to finally acknowledge that yes we did in fact want to be seated. We were greeted quickly and the drinks came quickly, but that was it. The rest of the meal was painfully slow and our appetizer never appeared and our dessert was missing the chocolate dip. Our waitress, while friendly, was very slow. The place wasn't even busy. Restaurant itself is dirty.  It's unfortunate, but we won't come back. Hope they do themselves a favor and read these and fix it.The bathrooms are absolutely FILTHY. I've seen 4th world remote village bathrooms that are way cleaner. Disgusting.The service here was awful- we were waiting to get a table when we finally found one that opened -we grabbed it since there was no one there sitting people it was a free for all- We stood there for about 5 mintues waiting for the table to be cleaned-  when i asked if someone could clean the table so we could sit they looked at me like i had 5 heads- and went on to take another table i was in such shocked that i was completely ignore so i asked another server- 15 minutes have gone by and nothing NO one cleaned the table or even came over- Finally i went up to the bar and asked to speak with the manager - Her response when i asked to speak with a manager was - Yes there are people here who manage the place... did you want to speak to a manager we are so busy it might take a while.
they ended up offering us a free app .which was very nice- but it doesnt make up for the way the other servicers  just decided to completely ignore they guest because it wasnt their table-I usually go to the Dave & Busters in the city and I haven't been to this location in years but its not as bad as the reviews. Decent amount of games, clean environment with super helpful staff. Its clean, spacious and comfortable to have kids around.Lots of fun need to do eat and play to get more game time wednesdays 1/2 price games.Thank you Jennifer !!  I too, will never return, especially with my young son. I was actually very concerned about the safety of myself & my young toddler,but also the actual safety of all others'. I went in that "hole" around 3:00 p.m. & while having a good time with my son, &, as the time went by very fast,& when I turned around, it was about 7:00 P.M. I could've died. We left quicker than the first of the month.I never knew it took so long for wings.  The waitress came over, said she'll be with me in a moment, and never came back. I ordered mild wings and the spice burned my toungue. The burger was completely burnt, and tasted like it had been frozen for weeks. Dave and Busters is mainly known for their arcade, and it should stay that way. Even though it's a normal arcade, don't come to this location. Dave and Busters are scamming you when it comes to the arcade games. All he claw machines are rigged, and Dave and Busters scams you when you make your arcade cards. In the old days you got 4 tokes for a doller, now is $20.00 for 20 points, and every game is 5 points, and that's only the early ones. As I've said before this place is a rip off and a sham. Do not come to this location, and go to Point Pleasant for better arcades, or a Walmart with their arcades.We took our first trip to D&B at this location. I actually like the location because we can see movie, shop at some of outlet stores in Mall and then hit D&B for food/games. Here is the deal: D&B runs special where you get a meal (for $25 or $30) and get 100 tokens on card. The problem is 100 token wont last long at all. This is because the games are outrageously priced. Most of games are 8 to 10 tokens each. So you will go thru 100 tokens in maybe 30 min - 1 hr. 
We live near funplex in mount laurel and for the same money we would spend at D&B we can have blast playing games for atleast 3 hours. Funplex has many of same games but also has extended portion for car track course and some rides. 
The day we were at D&B there were not many people and I don't blame them. That will be hard to stay open long term at those prices. My advice is to see movie and hit the mall if you like but pass on D&B.Horrible is the only thing I have to say about this place.
 For starters, it was absolutely freezing all night as if they had the AC on. The drinks had little to no alcohol in them especially for the prices they charge for "mixed" drinks. If you're planning on getting a good buzz off them, don't waste your time, you're better off just getting the drink straight or from shots or a beer (if they can pour one correctly). 
The food tastes disgusting, I'd rather eat my own sh*t to be honest because it made me feel sick, I believe it may have been a combination of the super-sugary-little-to-no-alcohol drinks and the food, but who knows. The bartender in the arcade area is an absolute joke, the man is completely rude and disrespectful. I sat down with my lady who's birthday it was that day and the first thing out of that piece of sh*ts mouth was and I quote (with a nasty attitude and tone), "What do you want?! Are ya gettin anythang?!". I looked at him with the blankest stare and just got up and walked right on outta there.
Yeeeeeeaaaah NO THANKS, will not be coming back here until they get new management, new staff and a complete overhaul. What a joke of a restaurant. Bar Rescue probably can't save this place. What a shame.Disgusting 
Order steak and shrimp the steak was terrible it was all fat the shrimp was the onley good part also they gave me these photatos that look like the frozen ones you get out of a bag and also tasted like the frozen ones the services was good butt the food tasted like a school lunch or a cheap TV dinner I would not recommend coming here for the foodGood lord, I didn't think anything could surpass the Philly D&B in terms of grossness and bad service but this one has been awarded the new title.
It took 20 minutes for a server to come over and greet us. It took 25 minutes for the alcohol to arrive. Food arrived in about 15-20, which is great. The food itself was terrible though, and a table of 8 of us weren't given napkins, forks, plates, nothing. She just dropped off the food and ran away, while half our drinks were bone dry.
We moved to the bowling lane by our table as we were seated in that area and notified the waitress we were still drinking (aka ordering from her) and we were going to return to the table. She never came over, not ONCE, to refill our drinks in an hour or so. At this point we were just going to the bar. We also had to 'scold' the waitress 3 different times for disappearing for so long. She clearly didn't care though because it never improved. 
The people here are as ratchet as they come. Half the games were hogged by unsupervised toddlers and little kids who weren't even playing, they were just pretending or sitting in the seats. Its packed and you can barely get from game to game, and there's a wait for all of them. The bathrooms are disgusting. I felt like I needed to go home and shower in bleach after visiting this location. Never again.I wished I would have read the reviews before coming here.  The service was bad. Our server acted like we did not exist. My group never received or was asked if we wanted refills. Our food arrived later than most other tables, and it was cold. No apologies were given for the tardiness.  They brought us "fresh" (read: microwaved) replacements. Suffice to say, I will never return to this establishment.  Ever.I would put 0 stars if I could. It was my first time here in a very long time. Poorly managed and unorganized. It was a not so busy night, and people waited such a long time, my 3 year son even complained on how bad the service was. I will never return to any D&B restaurants.So bad 
Bathrooms are nasty
Smell like urine
So dirty
Every toilet was well I can't even explain
Bowling the only Dave and busters that have it
However only a couple of tv's work
The games
Most of them Out of serviceThis place is the worse!!! Me and my party had to sit for 45mins just for drinks. Then there was a 2hr wait for the food that wasn't even worth a damn. Never againI actually had a pretty great time playing games and was surprised by how good the food was, but the two star review heavily reflects how rude the bartender was by the bowling. It was very clear that he was in a bad mood--he was annoyed that we wanted to order food, and my friends had to wait like 10 minutes before being served a drink. Really? Get over yourself. You're not even busy, so don't use that as an excuse. And I'm subtracting stars because there was clearly puke in the bathroom sink. 
I had a side of mac 'n' cheese, which was pretty delicious, and the games were fun. I'm not going to make a point to come back here, though. The cleanliness and service far outweigh the fun (and fun can be had many other places around Philadelphia).Love this place! I have been going for years great for parties and big group hangouts! Enjoy it and the bowling is fun too!If you sit to just eat at the bowling area don't expect good service. Food took too long, was expensive (burger+ quesadillia didn't come with french fries but where over 9$ for each!!!), if you want a drink they keep your ID in case you decide to leave without paying ( which i have never seen anywhere else before!), food was average quality and kinda small portions. All together not satisfied at all.Service was lagging. Tables weren't set, apps and meal came out at the same time and was stuck using our fingers to eat. Bar time took 10 minutes to get both rounds of drinks. No table touch from the manager. Wait staff was ok. But service times--- absolutely horrible.First off, we started out at dinner. The waiter seemed annoyed that we were waiting for 2 others in our party. But we ordered our drinks and waited. Then we found out the Eat and Play menu doesn't apply after 5PM on Fridays (it was 7 at this point) and the wording on it was so tiny that we could barely read it. But whatever.
Our party gets there and our waiter wanders back to take our orders. I had the apple pecan salad and shrimp platter (fried shrimp and fries). I ordered extra dressing on the side and the shrimp grilled, not fried. The guy told me it would be extra and then he comes back later (about 15 min later) and asked me to order the mango grilled platter instead and substitutes the fries and forgot the extra dressing for my salad (his excuse "I think they put it right on the salad already.")
Plus it took about 2+ hours to get through our meal since our waiter was obviously lacking in service. He brought our salads and entrees out at the same time after about 30 minutes wait (who does that?) and our fondue platter came out about 20 minutes or so after we asked for it again (we had ordered it at the beginning of the meal) and we had to wait for it to warm up, plus there was very little chocolate in there compared to the amount of stuff to dip it into.
The game room wasn't much better. The games don't work or are missing pieces. We tried 3 different shooting games and the calibration was off on two of them, making the target either shake or not shoot onscreen at all. The bowling was an hour wait even though there were empty lanes on the end not being used.
Spend your money at the Plymouth Meeting location; everything actually works and the service is pretty good. This one should be shut down for an attitude adjustment.Waste of time and money. It's no wonder this place has so many reviews. I went in with my girlfriend on Sunday night around 730 and our plan was to have dinner and go bowling. Probably would have spent $60 or more this night. The problem started right from the moment we walked in. The guy who was standing at the front desk never greeted us or asked us if we would like a table we just stood awkwardly at the hostess station for a few minutes while he moseyed around. (and there was no one in line mind you) he finally walked over to the hostess  station grabbed two menus  STILL DIDNT GREET US and just expected us to follow him because he had the menus in his hand. , my girlfriend  was actually the one who said hello while he mumbled back a hello. So sorry to inconvenience you at work my god. As he walked us to a table he never once looked at us, his eyes were glued to the football game that was going on. He dropped the menus and walked away again without saying anything to us. So now I sit down with a bit dissatisfaction with how my girlfriend and I have been treated as "guests" . As we browsed the menus for ten minutes or so the waitress walked by to the table behind us asking them if they needed anything but ignoring us as if we weren't there. Another 5 minutes go by without even being greeted by a waitress for drinks .  That was it. Bad from the start to finish. We grabbed our things and left to get food at another restaurant where they treats guests as guests.  I'd like to think any decent manger would fire the guy at the front on spot because he obviously had no business working there, but the more I see the reviews from this location it looks like bad service is the norm. It starts from up top and trickles down. This place needs change, from employees to management. I'll never go backThe good----
*Food was delicious
The bad----
*Horrible customer service
*Place was dirty (bathrooms/eating area/bowling alley/arcade area)
*Took over an hour to get our food once ordered
*Fly was found in my friends drink
*Friends cup of water had random specs of something in it. Also, there was lipstick on the top of the glass (was not properly - or worse - not washed)
*Watered down drinks (my friends alcoholic drink was mostly sugar - my Dr. Pepper tasted like incredibly watered down Dr. Pepper)
*Arcade Games - majority of them were ticket games (play to win tickets; get a prize). Many of the entertainment games were not working properly or out of orders
*Bowling Alley - hour for bowling costs the party $40. Not bad since it includes shoe rental. Machine consistently broke/jammed; we barely got one full game in and they still charged us full price. 
From all the good things that was said about the place, I was expecting a different experience. Sadly, this was my first and last visit to any of these establishment. 
During our stay, we were not the only ones that were making remarks/called for a supervisor/manager. 
If they care this little for the business, than they don't deserve anyones support and should close down. 
Go elsewhere - money will be better spentThe people at the counter move slower than snails. They took my water bottle from my table and threw it away without my permission. Food was horrible and they messed up our order for drinks and appetizers. Worse experience of my life.Dave & Buster's Grand sports what!? Not a big fan of this location / spinoff. It just doesn't feel like a D&B until you hit the game room... And even then, something is missing?? Bring back the tacos... Or else! ;)We also went to Dave and Busters and i really had a good time and i like this Dave and Busters better since its big and it has a bowling aliey but the one on Delaware Ave doesnt have one ( which sucks) I love the food there and the drinks were sort of expensive and we didnt really get the chance to play bowling but we played some games including skewball and racing and even B-ball haha. The next time i go back i would like to play Pool LOL. The parking isnt bad either, we got close parking, I believe after 10pm you have to be 25 and older to come in, I know when we got there around 9 pm they asked for our IDS and say if your under 21 show ID but they were salty LOL.Recently went here for a birthday. The service was very poor and staff was extremely rude. The bartender gave an attitude whenever we went up to the bar and never received a waiter in the bowling section. Some of the games did not work but took points off balance on card - overall I probably wont go back.My husband and I took my daughter here to show her the games. It was a cold rainy day and we couldn't really think of any place close to take her that was indoors. The games were fine and fun. What took me by surprise and turned me off was when I say a server bringing food out and before he turned the corner to where he was in view of the tables he was picking food off the plates and eating it. I mean really!!! Not sure if I'll ever eat there. It's a shame too because the food looked good:I RARELY if ever complain but this pissed me off. 
It is a fun place to pass time but the patrons and management was horrible. My boyfriend, sister and I went a few months ago and we were playing Dave & Buster's Down the Clown game. We noticed there were a few extra balls in a booth but didn't think anything of it and shared the fun as a team. (P.S. we saw the people move the balls there from the other booth and played as a team for 30 min or so, which management saw and did not say anything so we used that booth afterward since there wasn't anyone in the next booth and it was short on balls). Then a patron went to the next booth to play (note short on balls) so we let him know that we will pass him so balls after we finish our round - he ignored us and then proceed to play. Then got mad and accuse us of stealing and the balls and causing him to waste his point and called management. We told the manager what happened and offered to move the balls back but instead of listening he threaten to kick us out by not playing with the rules...So unsupervised kids running around, people hogging machines and etc is ok, but once a trival complaint comes he pretends he is all that...The men's bathrooms are hideous and we were in there at 2pm. They need to take a power washer and clean it.  The smell of urine knocks you off your feet.We Always have fun here ...we never eat inside where the arcade is because the service is  terrible ...but all you have to do is go into the restaurant area and you will have great service and the food will be good too!!!The service was great last time but today that waitress is the worst. Food was fine. At the emd she littlely just give us back our change on the table without a smileGreat place to go hangout with friends and family. Fun environment and good specials for both food, drinks and game cards. Service was good, but took awhile to get food and was a little cold. Staff was very helpful with answering questions.DO NOT EAT HERE! 
First, the games are okay. But it's not worth dealing with the food/bar.
My boyfriend, 3 year old, and I decided to eat so we sat down and my boyfriend got a beer. Apparently being 36 and having grey in your beard you need an ID. He laughed, he has never been carded let alone having an early dinner at 4PM on a Wednesday. No, the waitress was serious. "We card everyone". Really, not the last time. Whatever, we weren't walking to the car to get his license. 
We ordered the food and it came out cold. I got the Teriyaki Steak which was basically teriyaki with a little bit of steak. It looked like they spilled the bottle on the plate. Gross. My boyfriends food was dry, and cold. Mine was cold also which was amazing considering we were the only table the waitress had. She did have time to talk to her friends though. They stood next to us at the bar talking, laughing, etc while we didn't get a single refill on our drinks. We were glad to just leave at that point. Little did I know D&B wasn't done with me.
I had gotten soup with my steak and took it home because it was cold and I wasn't going to send anything back. Later on I ate the Chicken Tortilla soup and it was gross tasting. Rubbery chicken with tons of taco seasoning. Not even 45 minutes later I was puking my guts up. I ended up staying next to the toilet for the next day throwing up every half hour. 
Don't eat there.Last night, my friend Lisa and I went to Franklin Mills. After our shopping trip we decided to hit up Dave and Busters for dinner. Little did we know, they would be waiting.
They were advertising a Happy Hour special 1/2 off cocktails(4-7, I think)  but thats not what interested us. They had a 60 minute game special for a mere $10; the only catch was that you couldn't use it on games that gave tokens or tickets. But we had a blast rockin' out on Guitar Hero, shooting zombies in House of the Dead, and drag racing on the streets of Rio for 60 whole minutes.
After all that playing, we decided to grab a bite to eat there. Our waitress, Kelly, was very attentive as well as informative. We both ordered chicken quesadilla, even though Lisa's needed to be without chicken, they said the price couldn't change since everything was computerized. (I think that's silly since her's should have been less, hence the one star deduct). 
At our waitress' suggestion, we also split a slice of triple chocolate cake. You definitely need to share this with someone; this cake is soooo sweet and there's so many layers! Since we were pretty much the only people there, service was fast and efficient, almost to the point of over-checking up on us.
But still not a bad deal if you want to play some games for a bit!My experience here is hit or miss, depending on what area of the facility you're in.  The key to having a good time here is to go during non-peak hours.
Service in the sit-down eating area - hit or miss, leaning towards hit.  Sometimes we get friendly, attentive service.  Other times, deplorable.  It all depends on the server and how busy the place is.  Food is solid.  I especially like the nachos.
They have good pool tables.  Again, service around the pool tables is hit or miss.  Pricing for pool table use is acceptable during non-peak hours.  
Arcade area and bowling area are standard D&B style.  There's sometimes a really long wait for bowling.  But there's enough other stuff to do in the meanwhile, if you're that set on bowling during peak hours.Always a fun time here. Expensive, yet very very fun. I tend to come Wednesday because they have half off games. Even with half off games it's expenseive. Lol. But, they have lots and lots of it. If you do come Wednesday, do expect it to be extremely crowded. Oh, and expect a few squatters at some games....UGH!! There's this guy that comes and pulls up a chair at this one game. So many kids wanted to play it, but he just sat and sat and sat trying to win 1000 tickets. Dude...haven't your parents taught you to share???
Food...not so much. Some things are good, but most are just BAD. the loaded nachos - where the F is the loaded part?? We got nachos with a few measly pieces of meat. They didn't even give us salsa. Fried foods comes out beyond greasy. I could dab it with tons of napkins and it'll still be greasy. It's like it was fried, left out, and refried again. Just skip the food and play the games.Food is good and games are fun...waitresses are never around and are always hanging by the bar doing nothing??? Unless you come here strictly for the games & don't eat anything then you will have a good experience!In need of some updates. I've been to this D&B a few times and from what I see its the same old games and few new ones. I would say if you go when its not crowded (such as a weeknight) you will have a good time. If you go when its busy you will wait in line for food, to buy or recharge your powercards and for the games themselves. 
The place is very noisy, so don't go if you have a headache. The food is greasy and forgettable. You would be better off eating at one of the places along Rt 1 or Street Rd before you arrive.  I got quick service at the bar and a pint of Sam Adams was only $3- a bargain. 
I don't know, once you've been there a few times, the novelty wears off, at least for me.For a place that is supposed to be Chuckie Cheese for adults there were too many kids running around the midway.  Now I know you want to have a nice night out with your "baby mama", but it would be cheaper for you to hire a babysitter for the night than take your future juvi offenders to D&B. 11pm on a Saturday night is when your 7 year old is supposed to be in bed. 
Also good luck and getting to play the basketballs games. The only place where there wasn't a huge line to play was the trivia game (now there's a shocker).  But to see how people were spending their welfare money at this place started me thinking that I should open one of these in Newark and Camden and rake in the dough.
The place was over crowded, and over priced.  Would never come back to this D&B again. I'd rather drive the extra 30 miles and goto the one in Penn's Landing.I haven't been to this location before visiting because of a friend's birthday.  It's very large, which is nice because it doesn't feel crowded even on a busy Saturday night.  We found our friends in the bowling section and sat at the bar to get a drink.  
My impression immediately went downhill as the bartender ignored us when he barely had any other customers.  When we finally got his attention, he gave us an attitude when we wanted to order food with drinks... Not sure why?  He clearly hated his job as he took our orders with disdain.  The Long Island iced tea I paid $10 for had maybe half of a shot in it.  Thanks for ripping me off. He even ignored my friend for 10 minutes no then told him that he only serves people who don't stand at that section of the bar.  What are you talking about?!?!   The only reason I gave two stars was because the food was better than expected from a big chain.  Also, they had a few fun games, though the one 4D game wasn't calibrated so we wasted money by losing more lives in it.This location is currently undergoing a "renovation"; they really need to update the men's bathroom. It is absolutely disgusting and makes me never want to go back. Don't know how they haven't done anything about this.Had a bit of a reunion here and I wasn't sure what to expect because I hadn't been to Dave & Busters since 95. I didn't get carded (I shouldn't have anyway)... cool. I wasn't throwing away any money on games so I just watched other people play while I shot the breeze. 
Once our whole group got together we had about 20 people so it took D&B a while to make space. The food took a while. I got avocado sliders, a long island, and some fruity drink. Once all that stuff got acquainted in my stomach I was cool. The sliders were served on that Hawaiian bread. I wasn't impressed, but I like Hawaiian bread so... again... cool. The fries were pretty good also.
It's not really my scene, but for that one night I had a good time. I was out with a buddy one day and he was killing my buzz so I dipped off to D&B to get a long island (TNT) and then I went back to the mall. This long island was tuff! When I went back into the mall I was slow boppin and rockin! It was just what I needed. 
So I told the bartender (brother of a guy I went to school with) that I remember him from when I came with that big group. I told him I got a TNT and liked it and that's what I wanted this time. He said I'll wrap up your free glass. HOLD UP! Free glass? I didn't know. I didn't get one last time. So he gave me 2. That was great.
Franklin Mills is such a drag, if I ever go back I'm stopping in for a TNT for sure. Otherwise, D&B is eh...Place sucks. Waiters/ waitresses suck. Terrible attitudes. Gave them 1 star only because i had to. Don't recommend at all.The food is ok 
The prices are ok
The games are ok
The bathrooms are ok
The service is ok, sometimes good if you are lucky to get a real server. 
This place is really for kids and younger teenagers now. 
If you are getting food stick to basic items wings, burgers. I got rib once I could not even eat them. 
Most food seems to be on colder side too once you finally get like the fries are always cold. 
I will say the place was a lot better for adults when it was Gillian's and didn't have hundreds of kids running around like they never been to an arcade before. 
I still go here and there because it was on the few places near by you can play pool, order any drink you want and serves food.Just left and mice were roaming around pretty disgusting. Guy there didn't seem to concerned about it.I came here for my daughters birthday and this has been thee worst place to visit  they don't have a enough room to sit and they closed off a area that provided more seating area and made it into a area to store dishes half of my party lucked up on a booth and my husband and i where left standing the waitress came over and asked did i want to order i said no because we have no where to sit she say well this is all i can offer you ....  which was nothing at all !! This place is horrible i won't be back the service sucks !!!I had a great time with the group of people I was with, I found that this location had a great selection of arcade games and it wasn't too crowded. However, multiple machines were down and there were no signs stating the machines did not function correctly so you lost tokens by swiping your card and not even being able to play games. 
We did decided to eat and get drinks around 9:30pm  but we were told that we missed late night happy hour, yet all the signs around the bar says "Late Night Happy Hour Sunday-Thursday Bar Bites Only 9pm-cl."We ended up ordering sliders and tater tots which tasted good. I just didn't understand how multiple signs can advertise something that is not followed. 
The bathrooms could also use a bit of maintenance. Many toilets were out of order and there was toilet paper everywhere inside of stalls and outside of the stalls by the sinks.I went today with my family after finish some shopping!!! My kids had a blast in the arcade and won some good prices!!! The place was empty so we enjoyed more!!!The service was good !!!