I was very disappointed when I went in last night; not by the food, which was amazing as always ( I have been here several times before). I could not believe the state of the service. There were two guys "working," but just barely. We sat at the bar and asked for the drink menu; we were handed an old copy, with the back bourbon list missing and were told it was the "only copy." We wanted to order bourbon, and when we asked the first guy behind the bar, he pointed vaguely at the bottles and said "Here they are" and then walked away.
We later asked the bartender for a new list, and he said he would look for one. He then walked outside and when he came back, he never told us what was available or if there was a clear list. In fact he didn't speak to is again. 
We were then basically ignored at the bar and left shortly after our food. We would have happily stayed there  to drink, had the service not been so dismal. 
Bottom line, the food is amazing but the service turned me off. We left a small tip only because I used to waitress and feel awful leaving nothing but... They really didn't deserve a tip.
Next time we will order from their take out and eat at home!I recently read about Deke's on one of the area food websites.  It's close to home so I figured that this warm weather would be perfect for some outdoor dining and some BBQ.  My trusty dining companion and I schlepped up the hill and saddled up to a picnic table.  While it took a few minutes for someone to actually tend to us, it was quite the experience from that point on.
Deke himself came over and chatted with us, explaining what meats were available and what he personally recommended.  What was most impressive to me was that he wasn't necessarily just telling us to order the most expensive item on the menu - he asked us what kind of food we liked first.  In all of my dining experiences I have never had the chef sit down at my table and ask about my preferences and then make a recommendation based on that.
Our server was a little bumbling, I will admit, and that's part of the reason for only four stars.  He knew the menu, sort of, but got a little tripped up on his own suggestions.  He was nice enough, and I think with time he will get there, but that wasn't our experience.
We ordered the chicken and ribs combo as well as a side of mac and cheese.  DC took on the challenge of eating the half-chicken while I dove into the half-rack of spare ribs.  DC's chicken was amazing.  One of the juiciest pieces of chicken I have ever had.  I thought it was a little charred on the outside, and I could do without the tub of extra sauce on the side, but otherwise it was divine.  To me, the side sauce tasted almost like watered down molasses - not all that pleasant.
My ribs were also quite good.  They literally fell off the bone and had a great smoky flavor.  Also a little charred on the outside, but still amazingly good.
The mac and cheese was really good as well.  The serving size was a little small for the price, but the flavor was good with a little kick of heat.  The only issue I had was that there was a layer of melted cheese on top which made the first few bites a little greasy.  Without that melted cheese, I would have been much more impressed.
As others have mentioned, the cornbread is sweet and moist, and i would welcome that as a bar snack at 1am.  It is delicious.  The drinks, however, do add up.  While there is a special on the menu where you get six tallboys for $12, if you only want one beer with your meal it is about $5 for anything other than bud light.
In all this was a great meal.  I would definitely go to Deke's before I went to the other two BBQ places in Manayunk.  When you can see the man outside next to the smoker, and he comes over and chats with you about what's on the grill, it all adds up to a great experience with some damn good food.This was my 2nd visit to Deke's and we decided to go with the buffet.  I was hoping for a bigger selection. The only side (other than corn bread) was mac and cheese which was very good.  The pulled pork was good and the wings were excellent.  We had several slices of corn bread which also had a 2nd use as a decadent dessert.  We also got an order of ribs on the side and they were excellent.  I had to fetch the BBQ sauce bottles and thought there was a wider selection on my last visit.  I would recommend Deke's to anyone but suggest to avoid the buffet until they get a wider selection.BEST BBQ IN PHILADELPHIA. 
Bold statement, yes...but entirely true. I have tried a number of things on the menu here, listed below...
Baby Back Ribs: Perfectly cooked and sauced, not a single complaint. Difficult to finish an entire rack, though, so come prepared.
Pulled Pork: Not sure exactly what they call it on the menu, but the sandwich is essentially pulled pork with a Carolina-style BBQ sauce. Slightly vinegar-y, slightly sweet. It's delicious. They also have additional sauces on the table if that tickles your fancy. Also, it's served with slaw that I have heard is delicious and potato wedges that are awesome.
Brisket: Always delicious, complete with their famous "Q" sauce and a brioche bun. Mmm. 
** BRING CASH. ** Cash only, ATM there charges fees. Ew.Very good BBQ for the area
Pros: 
Cute outdoor area with tables and strung lights
Parking
Prices
All-you-can-eat BBQ Thurs - Sun for $12
Mac 'n cheese :)
Cons:
Not a great craft beer selectionI'm by no means an expert on BBQ although I do eat it regularly but this was just great food. The ribs, mac and cheese, and corn break were all fantastic! Great feel to the place. Can't wait to go back when it's warm enough to open the garage doors or sit out on the picnic tables.I've been here numerous times, I hadn't written a review until I had not so great BBQ in the neighborhood and realized I needed to give credit where credit is due. 
Deke's is consistently very very good. Sauces are well balanced, smooth, and compliment the various meats that have been slow cooked expertly. 
When Deke's is not consistent, it's because it is better than it's already great reputation. A few times I've lucked into brisket perfection that makes me want to cry tears of joy. When this happens, I eat until I sweat. On these days the juicy tender beef brisket with its gorgeous rendered fat bits make me want to savor the moments for as long as possible. My vision blurs, my taste buds tingle, and I thank the heavens. 
Sides are good, but the meat here is king. This just doesn't exist at most BBQ joints.I went to Dekes last night with a friend because we were in the mood for some BBQ with parking. The establishment was pretty decent and there was a live band which really added to the ambiance. The drinks are good and the buffet left much to be desired- Mac-n-cheese was delicious, rice was meh and the pulled pork lukewarm at best. I do recommend the ribs- they weren't the fall off the bone tender type but still good. Tried the brisket and it was a little tough. Overall I would consider returning for the cocktails and the hush-puppies.2.5 Stars.  I love bbq but have not had good experiences here.  I tried a Brisket Cheesesteak and could not eat it.  The brisket was almost all fat and I only made it two bites.  I have tried the brisket here twice now and have been disappointed both times.   I grew up in KC and my favorite sandwich was the Zman at Joe's Kansas City (formerly Oklahoma Joes).  This is not even in the same ball park.
I still give 2.5 stars because the staff has been very nice, good drink specials, I like the atmosphere inside the restaurant, and I appreciate that they have parking which is extremely rare in the area.Went to deke's for the first time Friday night- and will definitely be back more often! Delicious food and a chill atmosphere. Loved the decor. A little chilly on a fall night with the garage doors open but worth it. Had pulled pork sliders and shared Mac and cheese, fritters and pickles, and cornbread/coleslaw with my fiancé. We loved everything. Waitress was helpful and recommended the pig candy for dessert- yum! Stayed after for more Leavin' Latrobe drinks. Fast service and cheap!Ya gotta love BBQ!
This stuff is the real deal.  Smoked right out in front of the restaurant, the smell of oak and fruit-wood fills the air as you approach...
and then there's Deke... the owner and top BBQ guy... he's out front telling the story, teaching the processing, and making you feel at home. 
And then there's the BBQ:  Heavy smoke, falling off the bone BBBack ribs with a sweet/tangy sauce ON THE SIDE so you can taste the mean...  and then try the Spare Ribs... a yummy nicely spicey BBQ sauce that perfectly complements (again on the side!)
Try the grits.... try the franks-and-beans...
Didn't try the Mac-n-Cheese but saw it float by.... that's for next time.
Yum.Must have hit this place on a bad night.  Meat was way overcooked and dry.  Will think about giving it another go.I really like it here.  The food is delicious and it's very cute inside. There aren't too many barbecue places around, and this is definitely one of the best.This is real barbeque.
And that was a loaded statement.
Philly and its metro area are pretty flush with barbeque places big and small.  Many of them offer humongous piles of food.  Others make spicy and sweet sauces with which you can utterly douse your food.  More still pair all their meats with uninspired heavy side dishes.  And most of them, for the most part, are pretty tasty.  But are they barbeque?  Not really.
Barbeque needs to be cooked in a pit.  Go into some other Philly barbeque joints.  Find their pit.  Indoor open pits are banned in most of the fifty states.  Time to look outdoors.  Did you find a smokehouse?  Don't lie, now.  Is there a pit with hardwood happily burning away?  Chances are there isn't.  Cooking something slowly until it's tender and then slopping on sugary sauce isn't barbeque.  And using something with an electric heat element will do in a pinch.  But once again, it's not the real deal.  You can taste when something was smoked right.  You can taste the tender loving care that goes into something that was barbequed properly.  
Deke's barbeque tastes like love.  Was everything perfect?  No, I wouldn't say so.  But do you remember the piano recital where Poindexter skillfully reads his sheet music with hardly a motion?  Or do you remember the show where the band plays with everything they had?
Let's just say I left Deke's with a big smile on my face and my ears ringing.
Must try:  Wet spare ribs - These were a standout dish.
                 Brisket - Super tender and super smokyI usually write reviews a few weeks after I eat somewhere...not tonight! Just left 20 minutes ago! This place is awesome. Ribs were also, pulled pork was awesome, sauce was awesome, wedges and slaw were awesome. I don't like cornbread (sorry) but my husband ate both our portions.
Bottom Line: You should eat here.Few things hit the spot like good barbeque.  Philadelphia actually has a decent offering in terms of good bbq, to the point that east falls/roxborough/manayunk even has a dedicated spot.  
Sitting adjacent to the ugly moose and sharing its log cabin vibe, walking into deke's is like walking into a hickory smoked sweater.  Inviting, warm, and makes you want to hug someone.  Theres ample bar seating that I usually end up sitting at.  They have a pretty standard menu for bbq, and it doesn't disappoint.  They have all their sauces at the table side for you to experiment with.  Brisket, good, pulled pork good, chicken, good, bourbon good, service good.  Once you're done, you have a weird high from a mixture of brown sugar, bourbon, and pig.  It's a pretty glorious feeling I recommend you try.LOVE.  Such a hidden treasure.  We have been five or six times now and are thrilled every time.  We are BBQ snobs and this never fails to thrill. 
Example...tonight one of the specials was a brisket cheesesteak...beef brisket chopped like cheesesteak, the cheese from the mac n cheese, and caramelized onions on awesome bread.  It was ridiculous.
Deke almost always serves you himself and he seems like a great guy.  
The only sad thing is that they are not open for lunch...but we understand that great BBQ takes time...
Recommend the mason jar drinks and outdoor seating.  Enjoy!This place is such a secret in the heart of roxborough/manayunk. Walking past the little alley/courtyard you would never know what sedcutively smoked meats awaits your sexy stomach. I like it that way. I also can't help but tell you how crazy awesome this place is as well. 
Deke is a master of the pit BBQ. You know that slow cooked, tender fall off the bone, southern style of cooking meat. He is always changing up the menu and always trying different southern recipes. One day you may find Kentucky on the menu and the next day Louisana can come out to play. His meats are saucy, tangy, and full of that smokey warm feeling. Everything is always tender and juicy. Biting into any one of his meats gives you the feeling that this meat has been prepared with the love and patience of the craft itself. 
Besides the delicious meats he has an assortment of sides that only add to the whole experience. Cornbread smothered with honey, the creamiest shells and cheese, beans slow cooked in the burnt ends of the meats, and collard greens with a kick that are just to die for! Bourbon your thing? Take a seat at the bar and do a tasting. Vodka infusions and jar drinks? They got those too!Definitely try the Baby Back Ribs, the wings, the pulled pork, and the brisket.  Also dig into the Mac and Cheese and the wedges. Wash it all down with one of their specialty mason jar cocktails.  All are great but the Dark n' Stormy is a favorite... and they're two-for-one on Thursday nights.This BBQ is so good. The staff was so pleasant. I love the decor and ambiance of the restaurant. Very creative!Awesome bbq! Love the ambiance of the garage doors, mason jars and country feel.Two consecutive weeks of excellent pork ribs.  Looking forward to more. Line those little piggies up.This is the kind of gem I imagined finding when I moved to this neighborhood.  The place has a casual atmosphere with a yummy concept.  I loved the open garage in the summer.
I think the best thing we ordered was the mac n cheese.  The BBQ was great, too!
I want to come back and try the buffet.  BBQ is usually pretty easily served family style.I went to Deke's for a networking event. I never heard of the place but it is one of the best hidden BBQ places in the Manayunk / Roxborough area. Deke gave us a full presentation on how he prepares the meat and cooking lessons if we want to try this at home. I'm definitely coming back to this little gem for more BBQ and to try the pig candy.Ribs were awesome and the waitress was very polite as was the barmaid. Being from the urban area they made me feel very comfortable staying I recommend this place to anyone oh yeah the Beers and drink spc were greatEveryone needs purpose in their life. Some people make it their purpose to make money, have babies, or maybe smoke crack. If you're Deke, the one-man show of Deke's BBQ, your purpose in life is to provide the 'Yunk with true finger-licking, lip-smacking, soul-enriching BBQ grub.
I've always wanted to be a regular at a local joint and my girlfriend Christy and I found it in Deke's. We walk in to the "bar in the backyard garage" and Deke immediately greets us by name AND order. Two Fat Dude's with a side of extra "Q" sauce. He always follows up with the same question, "So who's going to Quad the Dude today?"  
**LIGHTBULB**
I think I've found my purpose. To someday Quad the Dude. Once I give up my job and lifestyle as a personal trainer, I will make serious efforts to Quad the Dude: Eat 4 Fat Dude platters in one sitting (Sandwich, fries, slaw, and pickles) to receive free Fat Dude's for a full calendar year. 
There are always cons that come with the pros. Christy has two:
1) The TV screens are so perfectly placed and always tuned in to the most current sport event that allows/causes/MAKES me watch and I therefore do not give her my full attention
2) The focus of my eyes shift immediately from her to the plate when dinner is served for fear of losing sight of the most delicious BBQ on this side of the Schuylkill.
Besides getting slapped upside the head by the girlfriend every once and a while to bring me back to (her) Earth, Deke's provides me with what I view as 5 stars in all the quality categories: food, atmosphere, and most importantly, service.
Good eats, good drinks, you all have GOT to get to Deke's!!!Amazing food and atmosphere.. Another hole in the wall... BBQ and a great atmosphere doesn't get any better.. The staff was very friendly and the service was great.. Kudos and cheersThis place is amazing!!! The environment is really cool and the BBQ is so flavorful and tender.  All the servers and bartenders were really nice. Deke even came to our table!4.5 Stars...  Probably the best ribs you'll have in this area.  I like a little pull on my ribs and these pretty much came off the bone, but they were still so great.  My wife and I ordered the full rack of St, Louis ribs, collard greens, shells and cheese, coleslaw and cornbread.  My main regret was ordering a full rack of ribs for my wife any myself.  After eating our amazing meal, I wish we split a half rack and tried another type of meat.  Possibly robbed ourselves of more great flavors.  The ribs - main part of our meal were 5 star...  The collard greens might have been the best I ever had and were also five star.  Every single BBQ place I go to has coleslaw and none stand up to Deke's.  It is so perfect that I am considering applying for a kitchen job to learn the recipe and technique.  The shells (mac) and cheese was good, but not special.  I didn't really care for the cornbread and for those two things, that's why I knocked a star off.  
We ordered our food for takeout on a Sunday night and sat at the bar while we waited.  The food arrived so fast.  As a side note, this was a cash only place, but there was an ATM machine available.  
As the aroma filled my car, I raced home as fast as I could.  It might have taken me twenty minutes to get home, but the food was still hot when we sat down to eat.  Everything looked and smelled like perfect BBQ food.  
I already want to go back and I reserve the right to update my review and add another star if the rest of the meats are just as amazing.  Since this was my first trip, I am hesitant to give this place five stars right away, but it's possible that it might earn them.$12 for the all-you-can-eat buffet was an amazing deal! The pulled pork was some of the best I've ever eaten. They also had flights of any 3 whiskeys for $9, but I'm not sure if that's a regular thing. During our meal, the owner and a few others routinely came by to ask how the food was and if we needed anything, but managed to do this without rushing us to finish our meals. I can't wait to come back and try the a la carte menu. Note that it's cash-only. Best to come prepared, but there is an on-site ATM available just in case.Place is awesome and as parking... Thank god. Had their sliders and Mac&cheese, really good. Nice people around you, OK pricing, drinks are mixed well and not to packed sometimes. I just wish they could accept debt card.We used to stop at this spot after long mountain bike rides through Wissahickon park. Tired and starving by the time the sun went down, we would hop out of the woods and cruise down Shurs Lane to grab a beer and the best BBQ at our favorite hide out full of intramural sports team post game hang outs and locals grabbing dinner. We were so sad last summer to approach the spot after a ride and see no lights and a pile of bricks that used to be Deke's BBQ! Please tell me this location is being rebuilt  :oBest BBQ in the Yunk (and possibly all of Philly). Kind of hidden in the same lot as the Ugly Moose but they have possibly the best pulled pork and mac n' cheese that I've ever tasted. Deke usually also has a special of some kind running on whatever he was able to get his hands on so I definitely recommend stopping back often. When the garage doors open up in the summer it's the perfect place to go for a night of great food and great drinks. I personally have done about 3 birthday parties here for myself and my fiance and the $20 open bar special can't be beat (plus you can tack on an all you can eat BBQ buffet for an additional $10).Great bbq, friendly people, nice atmosphere. Will return for more.Absolutely the best BBQ in the area.  I consider this place to be the best food in Manayunk, period.  Over the years I have eaten in almost every restaurant in the Manayunk area and Deke's blows them all away.  All the meats are cooked to perfection and the mac-n-cheese is excellent.  If you come for the weekend buffet, you will be stuffed.Best BBQ I've had in Philly.  Ribs were wicked meaty and the flavor went through to the bone.  The meat came off clean and heartily and the use of sauce was uneccessary.  
Deke was also kind enough to give our party an order of his wet spare ribs, which were better than his ribs.  Great tangy flavor.  Will definitely be back to order some more.Just ordered take out. I had the Baby Back Ribs. They were ah-ma-zing. So meaty and tons of flavor. I got half a rack and the portion was huge. 
Cornbread was delish as well. Had a nice honey glaze. This will for sure be our go-to BBQ place.Food: amaz-balls. Music: Pandora, but absolutely fitting. Drinks: keep 'em coming. This place is perfect chill atmosphere for the old head, hipster, or anything else in between. No jacket and tie required. Just park and enjoy everything.I'm from Texas so I was a little apprehensive trying a BBQ place up here but this place is awesome. I ordered the platter and split it with my friend, it came with aa half chicken, ribs, and cornbread. Ribs were falling of the bone and chicken was moist. They also have 3 BBQ sauces sitting on the table and I liked the spicier one.Really good BBQ. I have been down south many times to places such as Waco and auburn, and although the food at deke's isn't quite on the same level as it is down south, it is really good and probably some of the best around the Philadelphia area. It's a small shop so you have to get the food to go but I personally prefer that since it's the kinda food one would probably get to go anyway. The pulled pork and the ribs are my favorites here. If you're in the mood for BBQ then deke's is the place to go.I've been here a few times and the food is great. However, they've lost us as customers. We were at a private party there yesterday and it was great... Until they opened for dinner and (after we had been drinking/eating for hours and spending money there) we were told we had to leave. Apparently we were taking up "valuable bar space" and not spending enough money. What? We would have spent more but the bartender was impossible to grab. I'm so disappointed! I was considering having my husband's birthday there but now I'll never go back. It's a shame too--their food is so good...Finally came to Deke's with friends who rave about this restaurant. The whole menu is mouth watering upon your first look but the best deal is the $12 buffet. I got to have to sticky wings, pulled pork, rib tips and Mac & Cheese for $12! The baby back ribs fall off the bone. The corn bread is Caramelized on top which is a nice sweet treat for all of the savory food we had. I highly recommend this place if you are trying to avoid eating on Main Street in Manayunk.I worked with Jackie to plan a large picnic for 200 people.  She was amazing.  Perfectly professional, easy to communicate with and so so so helpful.  I was handed the project from my boss at the last minute, and had to deliver.  Without Jackie's help, I wouldn't have been able to!  She not only helped me work out the menu, but also the appropriate numbers and ALL within my budget.  What an amazing accomplishment.  Everyone everyone everyone, was raving about the food.  It was delicious and met all the dietary needs that come with a group that size: gluten free, nut free and vegetarian (who expects that with BBQ?!?! right).  Anyway, I can't say thank you enough to Deke's!I've been going to Deke's for years. Like..... Before it was on Yelp. I don't particularly like the scene in Manayunk, but I go there just to eat at Deke's. It is by far the best barbecue you will get in Philadelphia.
The brisket and ribs are insane! I get the Fat Dude sandwich and mac n cheese every time I go. My boyfriend, who is a new and already loyal customer, will eat an entire pound of brisket and a whole chicken....... I know. That's ridiculous. But it's honestly that good.
They also have a nice selection of bourbon and some decent mason jar cocktails. Or if you're drinking on a budget, I believe you can get a bucket of pounders? Haha. Did not make that up...
The staff is really friendly, especially Deke and all the ladies. Even the grumpy male bartenders are pretty funny. :)
If you're in the area or you live here and you've never been, you must check it out.I haven't returned since December, but I just took a roadtrip to BBQ country.  Apparently, I've had the world's best BBQ and went to really great places.  After trying all of that food, I've determined that Deke's was equal or better than some of those joints.Went to Deke's to start a bachelor party weekend.  We ordered the all you can eat and it was amazing.  As soon as you pull in you can smell that you are close to some great bbq.  The service was super and we will definitely go back.  I highly recommend giving Deke's a try.  You will not be disappointed!The BEST bbq ever! This place is amazing! And if their food wasn't enough, they have a great whiskey flight.First time at this place and really enjoyed it.  The atmosphere is great... laid back, picnic tables and indoor/outdoor seating.  We sat at the bar and got a few beers.  I had the st louis ribs with cornbread and coleslaw, and those ribs are some of the best I had in the area.  I'd definitely come again, but it would be nice to know that it was cash only earlier in the night.My fiancé and I have eaten at Deke's several times and have always had an amazing meal, accompanied by excellent service. We have sampled endless quantities of food (courtesy of the all-you-can-eat BBQ, a bargain at $20), which has included pulled pork sliders, short ribs, baby back ribs, grilled wings, homemade cornbread and pickles, baked beans, collard greens, and smoked sausage. The food is prepared in his own outdoor smokers and often times, served by Deke himself. He is a kind, personable, and accommodating man, who genuinely loves to see his customers enjoy his food. If you are looking for delicious, finger-licking BBQ, visit Deke's and be prepared for a welcoming atmosphere that provides soul-satisfying food.A regular stop for me on my trips to Philly. A testament to their greatness is that I live in North Carolina, and I always eat a half pound of eastern Carolina pulled pork drowned in Carolina red sauce whenever I come through, and I made a point to take a pound home this last time. I've had their equivalent at house bbqs, but nobody in Greensboro sells anything I can shovel down with such gusto. The buffet is AWESOME. Staff is mostly friendly and helpful. Don't do the bro bomb, it's exactly as gross as it sounds. ;) but get thyself to their bbq! I wish I could review more menu items, but I'm addicted!Overall, Deke's is one the best places for BBQ in the area and surprisingly I had not visited until Sunday. I have been fortunate to try Deke's through a Lucky's Last Chance burger topped with pulled pork, but it was so much more to visit in person.
While there is limited parking within the parking lot, there is plenty of open street parking as well. I did find it odd that the valet service only parked cars that came nearby and seemed to be out of place for a casual restaurant. 
For dinner we ordered the buffet, which was a good mix with pulled pork, chicken, brisket, macaroni and cheese, green beans, and broccoli casserole. For $12 cash it was some of the best money spent all weekend and offered more than other BBQ restaurants. 
Our server seemed very busy and it seemed she was covering every table at the restaurant with orders. It may help to have a second person to avoid any delays with delivery of food/drinks or change to tables. 
I believe the experience spoke for itself and we will visit again soon on a warm, sunny day.I'm a fan and a regular. I've had the pulled pork, baby back ribs, chicken, pulled pork sliders, wings, shells and cheese, fritters and pickles, beans, coleslaw and cornbread.  The go to menu items for me are the pulled pork and the baby backs with shells and cheese and fritters and pickles. Beans are meh, they just don't serve enough slaw to enjoy with pulled pork, and the cornbread is adequate at best.
They provide the type of BBQ sauce that should suffice your palate.
It is very casual - it looks like at some point in time it used to be a mechanic's garage - seating can be an issue, and it is cash only.As a BBQ lover, I would definitely recommend Deke's amazing chicken BBQ and pulled pork! The mac and cheese and green beans were very tasty too!Customer service is a huge thing - and it's unbelievable that the owner, Deke actually takes the time to welcome you to his place, explain his meats and offer drink and food suggestions without being pushy.  It was an extremely pleasant surprise to go to an establishment with such great customer oriented service.  That in and of itself is worth 5 stars.
My boyfriend & I went here after seeing the great reviews on yelp and having just recently moved to this area - had to try it.  We ordered the chicken & ribs combo - and a side of baby back ribs.  The chicken and ribs combo comes with a basket of wedges and cornbread & coleslaw. We also ordered some mac & cheese.  He got a PBR Pounder & I tried the dark & Stormy.  Now, for the details.
PBR Pounder:  You know.  And if you don't, take off your hipster glasses.
Dark & Stormy: Comes in a mason jar - which is awesome & unique.  It was very strong - I had trouble finishing it - but for $9 at least I got my money's worth!  It was a 16 oz mix of ginger beer and rum - I will be getting this again.
Cornbread & Pickles: I'm not a pickle person - although I like the sweet gherkin pickles which these reminded me of. The cornbread it drizzled with some sweet sauce - and it's wonderful.
The baby back ribs and spare ribs were both really good, moist and flavorful.  We got both so we could figured out which we enjoyed more (we both liked the Spare Ribs better)
The chicken is lunch tomorrow - as we couldn't finished all this food, so I will update you then (This food was so good I had to review it right away - and I was so impressed with the customer service)
Coleslaw: I am not a huge fan of coleslaw but I usually end up at least trying it every restaurant I go to - but this coleslaw was really, really good!!
Mac & Cheese:  I can't even form a complete sentence about this. O.M.G.  Just try it.  It's so amazing.  I'm stuffed but I want to go back right now and get more mac and cheese. SO GOOD.
On top of the food being delicious and the owner being awesome, the rest of the staff is amazing as well - someone from the kitchen came out to ask us how our food was, and the bartender was very attentive and funny while closing out our check.
This is a great place for wonderful food in a casual bar atmosphere that's comfortable.  It's great to know that the owner really seems to care about each person that walks in his shop - and he will answer any questions you have about meat or how it's cooked or anything.  We will DEFINITELY be coming back here.
IF THIS IS TOO LONG TO READ THROUGH - KNOW THIS: FOOD IS AMAZING, SERVICE IS INCREDIBLE AND THE MAC AND CHEESE IS TO DIE FOR.  That sums it up.Deke's has great BBQ. It's the best around. Good portions, good sides, quick service, quick takeout. They're doing a good thing there. All of the people are great. Bar in the garage has a great feel. Can't beat Deke's.DEEELICIOUS!  I'm not a BBQ connoisseur but I know what I like...and I like this place and their food.
Had a half rack of spare ribs and a side of slaw and corn bread. I couldn't finish and was quite satisfied. AND they have Shiner Bock - in Philadelphia!
Our bartender/server, Karen, was wonderful. Everything here is as a BBQ joint should be. Summery and friendly and welcoming and comfortable! Looking forward to a return trip and bringing friends.
Next time I'll have to remember to get some sauce to slather on my meat, but it isn't necessary. Fall Off The Bone tender and just smokey tasting enough. Mmmm, Mmmm GOOOD!The missus and I just rented a house two blocks from this BBQ joint and the property manager told us to definitely fit it into our future plans. We of course went immediately. We got there about 10 minutes before the posted opening time and were greeted by Deke himself saying he needed a few more minutes to set up. We jaunted (yes, we occasionally jaunt) over to the Ugly Moose for a bevy and came back 20 minutes later to chow down on some flesh. Deke recognized us from 20 minutes earlier and thanked us for coming back and asked us what we wanted. I said I wanted all of it - in fact, give the us "the essence of Deke." Holy &%&@ does the man deliver. I cannot explain how perfectly seasoned, smoked, and sauced his dishes are. I cannot simplify the complexity of the simplicity of what he is doing here. If you are ever in the area, do yourself and everyone who is traveling with you a favor and stop by, fill your belly, and thank me later.Deke's has great BBQ. Sorry to see the restaurant on Shurs Lane closed, but fortunately the take out location at 4901 Ridge Ave is still open. They expect to open a new bar/restaurant location sometime in the near future, until then there's always takeout.Very cool location in a garage in a lot hidden off of Shur's Lane above Manayunk.  The garage is set up with a nice bar, big open doors, big tv's with a few picnic tables outside and some booths and high-top tables indoor.  There is not a lot of seating.  The service was impeccable.  The prices were reasonable and portions very big.  I was just not a huge fan of the smoke.  I know there are different versions of bbq, but this place left us tasting and smelling smoke for days.  The quality of the meat was good to very good.  We had the baby back ribs, wings, brisket, pulled pork, mac 'n cheese, cornbread and green beans.  We typically love bbq, but after eating here I felt like I barely survived smoke inhalation.  Sorry, to say I don't think we would return, but the place is really cool and for those that like smoky bbq this would be must try.Definitely some of the best BBQ I've ever eaten. Pulled pork sliders are amazing and the sweet Potatoe Mac&cheese is awesome. Great atmosphere.I waited to go here twice before posting my reveiw due to the amount of amazing reviews. The first time coming to Dekes I had the Chubby Hubby Sandwich. I gotta say I found everything but the actual meat the best part. The pickles: dynamite. but the sausage itself was good. but Ive certainly had better.
I went again last night for redemption. Ordered half rack of ribs (they surprised me with the type), cheese fries, and pulled pork sliders. Of the 3 the cheese fries win. The ribs (i think they were babyback), were overcooked and tough, which was really unfortunate as the sauce on it was very very goood. 
The sliders: the buns were ubber stale. I couldnt believe this. They were rock hard. To top it off, there were several fatty pieces of pork too. 
The icing on the cake: Cash only. their ATM was broken. They will let me come back on tuesday with cash. 
I really want to give Dekes more stars especially because I love the staff, ambiance, drink menu, and the music they play, but going strickly on food, I just cant. Ive had better bar-b-queHey Jackie, yes it was this past Saturday.  Appreciate your attentiveness to customer comments!Deke's is an EXCELLENT example of what an American restaurant should be, and here's why:
Timing: I've been here twice when visiting a friend in Philadelphia, and I'll probably go there every time I'm in the city.  We enjoyed a birthday dinner last night, and Deke made special vegetarian fare just because a few guests were veggies... AWESOME SERVICE THERE!
FOOD: the buffet is AMAZING with baked beans and rib tips and collard greens...  the menu is not fixed, apparently Deke (an Ohioan), loves changing up BBQ styles.  We got the Kentucky flavors this time around.  He made a cole slaw BBQ sauce to go on a spinach potato and egg hash.  It was sweet and savory at the same time.  The grilled vegetables were seasoned just right and grilled to PERFECTION!  Onions, tomatoes, brussel sprouts, baby carrots, and tofu.  I don't even like tofu and I LOVED this tofu. 
DRINKS: The beer bucket is hilarious, in a word.  6 cheap 16oz canned beers including Schlitz, PBR, and Rolling Rock.  The cocktails looked great... the juice in them is FRESH SQUEEZED DAILY.  I mean, you can't get better than that, can ya?
VENUE: it smells perfectly BBQ smoky in there, there are booths, high tops, plenty of bar seats, and a picnic table.  It's not too loud, perfect for groups to get together for food and drinks.  Deke's is in an old garage, but it feels totally different from that.  4 bathrooms - always good.
SERVICE: Couldn't be better.  The servers are really friendly, and Deke is out at the bar talking to people and checking in.  It was really a nice laid back spot.This is really really good BBQ.  I am not usually big chicken eater and the sauce on this was amazing and moist.  My kids ravished the ribs even though they had a touch of heat, and the special brisket cheese stake was amazing.  The regular brisket order was a little tough but very good and not fatty like most places. The service was very efficient and so incredibly friendly, a waitress even let one of our kids use her jacket. No that is not an everyday occurrence. 12 buffet all you can eat pulled pork was delicious, beans with large chucks of sausage, bread, macaroni and cheese, zucchini and free valet parking This is a definite winner and we will be back.Best bar in Manayunk as far as I'm concerned. It's located in the garage at the Ugly Moose. The owner cooks all the food - bbq, Georgia style mac & cheese, decent beer selection... great specials and lots of screens to watch the Phillies.This is hands down the best place I have found in Philly for BBQ.  You have to try it...best ribs I've had in years.I'm reading other reviews on this site, and I simply don't understand some of them. I've been eating and drinking at Deke's since August 2011, and I have to say that I have NEVER been disappointed. The food is always excellent, the staff is extremely helpful, knowledgeable, and friendly, and Deke is a laid-back and friendly individual. 
The food.....Simply incredible! 
***The wings are full of flavor and are FULL wings, not the small wings that you get at most restaurants. These are BIG and TASTY.
***The Ribs fall of the bone, wonderfully seasoned, and full of Deke's special sauce.
***The Brisket tastes just like my grandmother's recipe. Tender and full of flavor. It's the perfect addition to any salad or as it's own entree.
***Pork Sliders.....WOW! Need I say more?
It is very hard to find a restaurant/bar in today's world where you get great service, great food, and a great atmosphere. Deke's BBQ has it all. I truly recommend this establishment. If you aren't sure because of the other reviews that people have written, I implore you to try Deke's BBQ for yourself and form your own opinions. I guarantee that you will NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!Just great BBQ and drinks. My wife isn't the biggest fan of BBQ and even she loved it. I've tried almost all the drink specials and theyre all equally good. Big thumbs up!Deke's has caused me to become BBQ obsessed. So I went back last night. The beer tasted better, but the ribs were worse and the brisket was disturbingly fatty. Color Me Disappointed.
Maybe just an off night, so they'll get another shot. Still good, but inconsistent is bad in this business.I miss home so much and this place hits home! Their sweet tea is the unsweetest "sweet" tea I've ever had in my life, but they more than make up for it with their food, buffet, and prices. I am sad that they will be closing down soon, but I am happy the other Location will still be up and running. Please sweeten your tea more, I know sweet tea for some reason isn't popular amongst northerners, but unsweetened tea offends my southern taste buds.Brisket Cheesesteak? Yes please.
Very good food...and it a quaint little spot (Ridge Ave location) that is perfect for the grab-n-go BBQ delight. Wait for your food with a short stroll to see the mighty Wissahickon creek.OMG! I ate an an entire BBQ chicken all by myself and shiiiiii* I think it's still chirping in my belly! Sorry PETA but I needed the 80g of protein that the bird provided! And to top it off, I went waaaaaay overboard and got that chocolate pecan pie slice... and woooooooow, I think I had a hard-on the entire drive back to NYC. DEFINITELY a must stop when in town!!!!!While I live about an hour away, I've gone out of my way to eat at Deke's several times. I've always gotten some variation of the ribs and they have yet to disappoint. The only downfall is that Deke's is cash only. They have an atm on site which is great, though if your bank charges you fees to use outside an outside atm, make sure to stop before arriving!
Enjoy!In Roxborough/Manayunk, this place sits next to the Ugly Moose.  I do really like the atmosphere with the meat smokers and picnic tables outside. Not to mention the interior of garage bar. Servers are excellent, friendly and attentive.
Now while the BBQ isn't the best I had, I've been to Texas and been spoiled by some awesome BBQ.  But I understand this is Philly, the most authentic BBQ isn't going to be there.  But, what is there is good enough and good to bring me back. Also, they have an awesome buffet from Thurs-Sat.
I do wish they took credit cards as well, but some good BBQ food and really nice atmosphere is hard to find in Philly, so Deke's will have to do.Still love Deke's, but after having BBQ in the south, Deke's just isn't quite as delicious as I once thought it was.I am by no means a bbq aficionado, but what I do know is that nothing beats the type of bbq that falls of the bone and has a smokey, sweet, and tangy taste to it. Deke's for me was hit or miss. Maybe my mistake was in trying the bbq buffet that they were offering during one of the nfl playoff games. The cornbread was good, the collards were spicy, but the meat itself was a bit dry and uneventful. On the other hand, we ordered a half rack of ribs and the meat was tender and falling of the bone. 
The environment is cool and you leave smelling like a campfire, so it has that going for it...I would try it again, but would skip the buffet and just order the ribs and some sides from the kitchen.We accidentally stumbled upon Deke's while looking for somewhere to go out to eat one night. It's in the same lot as the Ugly Moose, and we happened to walk in to Deke's.
     As it was a Friday night, they have a BBQ buffet for $12 on Thursday - Sunday. We thought that was a good enough thing to try out. The options were pulled pork (with rolls for sandwiches), turkey and rice, bleu cheese mac&cheese, collards with pickled onions, baked beans with sausage, and smoked chicken legs (drumsticks). For an additional $8 you can add a 1/2 rack of ribs to your meal. I decided to go with the ribs as well.
     The BBQ offerings were pretty good. The pork was a good quality, and there were a few sauces that added to it. The smoked chicken was a little too sauced for my taste, but the texture and smoked flavor was good. The collards and the turkey with rice I really enjoyed. Perhaps because they helped cut the natural fattiness/richness of the ribs. I thought the ribs were ok. I've said I like the meat a little more firm... No sliding right off the bones. This was very tender, but pulled from the bone too easily. I will say it was a large portion for the $8 addition.
     I'm not a huge mac&cheese fan, but I thought it was good. My girlfriend really liked it (she's a mac&cheese person). The baked beans with sausage were also delicious, but with so many options I couldn't fit any more than a taste.Was at Deke's last night  for the first time in awhile.. Had a really enjoyable meal..  They had a special of beef ribs that I ordered.. They cut the meat off the bone which was a monster sized bone.. The meat was just delicious and the portion was large... I normally am a baby back orderer but these beef ribs are something I'd look for again..  The slaw and cornbread and wedge fries are also excellent.. The atmosphere was really nice also... as the place was comfortably packed.. The smell of the smoked meats and playoff game on TV just made it a very fun place to eat.. The bartender was so nice and helpful and Deke always comes out to make sure things are good..  My brother had the buffet for 12 dollars and he said it was excellent also.. I sampled a bit of the macaroni and cheese from the buffet and it was dense and delicious.
If you want a fun meal and a delicious meal...and enjoy BBQ.. there is no better place in Philly..We had Deke cater our daughter's St Joseph's University Graduation party last night - January 5 th  and can say that the food and he
 and wife Jackie's service were Awesome!  We had ribs, brisket, pulled pork , corn bread, cole slaw, pickles, rolls  . The meat was very tender, It was a huge hit!  My hometown of Roxborough has Great Barbeque!Great food great atmosphere. Owner and chef made me a gluten free dish that was amazing. If you like good BBQ get to dekes!Delicious brisket! We've enjoyed the other stuff we have ordered from Deke's, but the brisket is truly outstanding. So glad this place is in our neighborhood!Best BBQ in Philadelphia hand's down. Single word I'd use to describe this place is INTENSE. Brisket is the best brisket I've ever had consistently from the charring/seasoning on outside to the tender cuts with perfect amounts of fat. I've heard similar reports from everyone I've brought to this place. Mac and cheese is very obviously cooked on premise (rather than whipped up with packaged Velveta or some other BS) with lot's of detail going into cheese selection. Beans are killer, as are green, as are slaw, as are potato wedges, as are every other selection I've had here. This place has been in my rotation of Manayunk take out spots for a while and I don't see that changing. I can't even believe we have a BBQ joint like this around here.The real deal: an old gas station transformed into a BBQ pit. Various pieces of smoking equipment loom outside the kitchen door. When you enter, a smoky, piquant smell overwhelms one and causes the mind to reel and the mouth to salivate wildly. Our order was waiting for us, a massive, heavy bag chock full of baby backs and St Louis ribs along with generous sides of Mac n cheese and greens.  
Somehow we made it home without sampling any. The ribs were some of the best I've ever had: lean, meat falling of the  bone, nicely caramelized, with a fantastic subtle wood smoke favor. 
The day after, the left overs were even better! Now the flavors and the density of the meat had truly congealed a la a confit! 
Fantastique! We'll be back!Deke's use to be my favorite go to for wings, but something is not right about the quality of their poultry lately.  The last two orders were wings with thick, rubbery skin.  I will stick with their brisket from now on.Absolutely Delicious!
Deke's came onsite to where I work in Collegeville, PA via Fooda about a week ago.  Couldn't believe how flavorful and tender the BBQ brisket was.  Loved it so much that I drove to the Ridge Avenue location over the weekend.  Got take out ribs, brisket and pork.  Everything was amazing.  Also got the hot dog special from the Deke's truck.  Hotdogs had chili made from the BBQ brisket...they were so good...Get the BBQ sauce on the side (the meat is flavored so well that you don't really need any sauce), I prefer the mild BBQ sauce to the spicy, but I suggest that you try both.  In addition to the great food, the service was terrific, both when they were onsite where I work, and at the Ridge Avenue location.I was disappointed with the brisket, it was dry and not very tender, and I wasn't crazy about the BBQ the sauce. Corn bread and collard greens were good and pretty large portions. Maybe other things on the menu are better but after spending $17 on just these 3 items I'm not sure I would try the place again.Got the brisket platter with the coleslaw and pickles. Sandwich was great. The pickles were ok and the coleslaw was bad. Lots of fat on the brisket but still 4/5One of the BBQ places I ate at! Great food ! One criticism the potatoe wedges are a little salty. By other wise great food.hadnt been to dekes in a while since my last visit several months ago bcuz on that visit my food was cold. i returned today and again my food was cold. 
i called in ahead of time to minimize my wait. when i arrived i was greeted and told my order would be ready in a few mins. cool, no prob. i watched as they placed completed orders on top of what looked like an oven of some sort (not sure bcuz i could only see the side of it). thing is, by the time someone got around to asking me a second time if i was being helped the food had been sitting there for a good 10 mins. factor in a 5-8 min ride home and everything is cold. everything tasted great except for the coleslaw but everything was also cold. 
once, no big deal, but twice and im considering taking a longer drive to find quality bbq which is super tough in this city. they use these really cool cardboard take out containers BUT they line them with foil so its a pain in the ass to microwave the food to warm it up bcuz u have to remove it from the container. so, dropping my 5-star review to a 3.I really like Deke's but I'm not a fanboy for the place like many people seem to be in this area. 
This location is exclusively take out, which is ok because it's about 2 blocks away from me. It is a positive mark on the neighborhood as everything around it smells like hickory and applewood smoke.
I give all of the sides 5 stars. A very loud shout out to the corn bread. Holy crap, this stuff is priceless, while being super inexpensive. It's more like corn cake. It's very heavy, soaked in molasses and super moist. I sincerely believe I am a return customer just for this stuff. But the potatoe wedges and mac n' cheese are great too.
The ribs are good, but I wouldn't call them world class. My biggest disappointment was the half chicken. I understand how smoking works but the skin was too tough to chew through. I almost wish they'd put it in the salamander just to crisp it up.
This is a great neighborhood spot and for the price I definitely recommend it. The quality is there and the family deals are a good value. Check it out!
FYI. There is a very small (4 car) parking lot for you to park and run in but it can get congested very easily and you can get stuck by morons parking everyone in. It's best to leave someone in the car making sure this doesn't happen, or walk if you can.Great bike ride from Center City! Loved it...the prices, the menu & even the bitchy staff. Sauces and meats are knock your socks off. 
Pecan pie has chocolate chips in it. Sat on the patio which was a perfect place to grub. I had the pork sandwich with a chicken drum for only like 5.99
Excellent!Sad to see the old stand alone restaurant go the way of the buffalo this was a suitable replacement if you loved Deke's food and only wanted take out.  
There's no place to eat inside really and outside there maybe a picnic table or two in the winter.  The food is still really amazing as I ordered a brisket cheesesteak and wedges.  Next time I might ask for extra bbq on it as the bread seemed to take over the sand which a bit.  Very sad they don't have a buffet anymore as the selection was awesome.Chow down on that brisket and those ribs as we do on a regular basis and you'll be well satisfied.  Plus the pecan pie and root beer are excellent if you have a sweet tooth.  The dining area is tiny so we just call to order, pick up, and take home.  It's right next door to east falls hiking trail so a perfect reward for a good hike!  Chomp chomp!  They have parking out front, too, so very easy to zip in and pick up those tasty meats.I really wanted to try this place and I was all set to order...I called to ask a question and the rudest person answered the telephone she had the biggest attitude for no reason...thanks I'll keep my hard earned money in my pocket, or patron an establishment that will appreciate it.Best Brisket cheese steaks. Staff and owner is very professional and courteous. Good little spot for this area.
John HThe BEST BBQ I've had north of the Mason-Dixon Line. Why only two stars? Cash only. I haven't carried cash for years.  No one carries cash. The ATM and its charges don't make the lack of accepting credit OK. A food truck that serves tacos takes credit cards. This is a clean, down-to-earth, cool garage with a big bar in the middle that serves incredible BBQ near downtown Philly. Our awesomely freckled waitress suggested a beer I've never had before that I'll definitely seek out when I get home. The three sauce options were unique and definitely added to the perfectly smoked ribs & brisket. The fritters were a great appetizer. Only that one complaint about this place...get a Square or something guys! You're almost perfect. First world problems.This is the second time I have ordered from Deke's on UberEATS and this is the SECOND time they forgotten my side order of Mac n cheese in the past 2 weeks. I love their food but am sick of not receiving a main part of my order. I even got charged for it both times. If you are going to continue to do delivery please DOUBLE CHECK the orders you send out.Easily some of the best Bar-B-Q in Philly. The Shurs Lane location has a great pairing of beers and bourbons. Ask for a flight. The Ridge avenue location allowed this already great business to take over the shop preciously owned by their competitor (Tommy Guns). The Ridge Avenue Deke's is a takeout location with a few picnic tables. Today I ordered 3 brisket platters and some sides but when I got home I realized all the sides were missing. After a quick phone call they delivered the missing sides to me (saving me the trip back out). They even threw in a desert for my trouble. Great food paired with great customer service. Win/Win for Dekes!!!Went in for my first time yesterday and was very impressed. Customer service was awesome, considering I asked questions about almost every menu item. I settled on the brisket cheese steak and it was very tasty. I would advise against getting their fried onions, as they were large and the texture was not my favorite, but that's just my opinion. As someone who worked in a barbeque restaurant, Dekes knows what they're doing!After moving to Philly we missed our local bbq place back home and after finding Deke's I think it's safe to say we have a new place we'll go to regularly!
The guys behind the counter love cracking jokes as we prepare to carry out some great sandwiches, complete with our own choice of house-made sauces.I love stopping here on the way home from work. Food is ready fast, and it's super delicious. The pulled pork is the best I've ever had. Make sure you check out their yummy deserts too!okay, so, i hadnt been to deke's since some time in the middle of last year bcuz i went in for take out one afternoon and got really cold food and they forgot my side order of smoked baked beans and i was really annoyed by this. unfortunately i didnt realize it until i got home and wasnt willing to drive back. i pretty much decided to write deke's off forever. so today i really had a craving for bbq and was really torn between going back to deke's or just not having bbq at all. to make a long story short, i ended up at the deke's counter and ordered pulled pork, brisket, fritters, and wedges. all i can say is deke's has regained my trust. the food today was spectacular. the brisket had that beautiful pink smoke ring around the edges and was moist and tender. the pork was moist and had that sharp hint of vinegar (i think thats what it is). it appears they may have altered their fritter recipe a bit. they seemed smaller and just a lil bit less flavorful than previously but they were still good. overall i was happy that i was able to get a good meal here again. the portions left an ample bit for a late night snack later as well. pleeeeeeeease dont let me down again. i want to be able to confidently patronize and recommend your establishment in the future.I got 1/2 lb of brisket and the Mac and cheese. The brisket melts in your mouth and is so tender that I was eating it with a spoon. Really flavorful meat and the bbq sauce that comes on it is incredible. I can't remember the last time I had brisket this good - and I lived in the South for most of my life. The Mac and cheese was just alright - the seasonings in it were good, it's just not very cheesy and too greasy. I'll definitely be back to try a brisket sandwich platter - I've heard that the potato wedges and cornbread are to die for.I get it- there's delicious food here. But the people who work here are rude- they are easily irritated. Now Yelp was doing a free pudding with a check in. I asked about it and the workers there seemed clueless. After explaining to them how free offers with Yelp check in worked I was told I can have the pudding in a condescending manner. No thanks. There's nothing worse feeling like I'm begging for something when advertised as "free." I have been a loyal customer to this location and even the restaurant. Now it makes me think twice before coming back in the near future.If your looking for quick and quality BBQ this is the spot!!!! From the pulled pork to the pickles and wedges were AMAZING! Definitely recommend stopping here if your looking to try something new!Best spare ribs in the Philly area.  Whenever I'm hosting a house party or potluck, deke's is my goto.  I always get the spare ribs and the cornbread.
The full pan of ribs is a crazy amount of food.  All meat, very little bone.  Mac n cheese was great too.  Food is readily available so wait time is pretty short.   Try the spare ribs!Let me preface this review by stating that I am a bit of a BBQ rib snob and connoisseur. I have embarked on a yearlong quest to find the best ribs in Philadelphia. These were not them.
 My roommates and I ordered a couple racks for the Super Bowl and got them takeout to-go. The sauce was a deep dark rich smokey mesquite. The ribs however seemed a bit overdone but still decent. The macaroni and cheese was creamy but bland. The large portion of fries were a major bang for your buck and were hand cut masterpieces. 
 Both of my roommates really enjoyed their meals. All said and done this place was quality stuff but nothing to write home about.I was super excited to try this place... so walked in this evening ready to have a fabulous meal! To my disappointment the service was extra spiced!  The young lady at the front counter was so RUDE! She was patient and snappy when I did want the pre-determined signs. I made it very clear it was my first, and she still proceeded in an unprofessional manner. The food was decent but the staff could use a shake up!Wow!! If it's flavor you're after, and tender juicy ribs, you must try Dekes! I had my baptism in this a week or so ago, and really went out on a limb ordering it to serve company. Seeing as how part of the company was my husband's boss, good quality food really mattered to me. Dekes did not disappoint. The food was simply delicious, right down to the macaroni and cheese side, and the cornbread. I am not a big fan of spicy greens, but they were also very delicious. Potato wedges were also quite good, and the beef brisket easley became my husband's new favorite. I only have one criticism: for the amount of food that we bought, and the price that we paid, and considering the menu said it was a party sized selection,I think their sides should've been more than just a small pint or pint and a
half container each. I mean let's face it - I told them when I was ordering the food that I was going to be serving three very hungry men, and my order came to almost $100. I think that should rate more than just one tiny little container of macaroni and cheese, and two itty bitty plastic packs of coleslaw ! The coleslaw tasted stale and I didn't mind it came in two very tiny containers, but it was still disappointing. So just be aware if you are ordering a quantity of meat that the sides, or rather the quantity of sides, is going to be disproportionately small. It would have gotten five stars if not for the skimpy sides. Other than that I found the food scrumptious, and will be going back. Well done, Dekes!So glad I finally stopped in here. I got the pulled brisket platter. Very sweet, juicy meat. Bun was thick. Topped it with the coleslaw which was tasty but not enough! The potato wedge fries were thick and crunchy, but a little over seasoned. I got the pecan bar for desert which was so rich and yummy. Got the boyfriend the Fat Boy platter which he enjoyed as well. Total for two platters plus the dessert bar, no drinks, came to $27. Very good though, and super fast service! Will come back again!Delicious! The ribs are amazing... The brisket is spicy goodness... The BBQ chicken might be my favorite. The pulled pork was very good, but a little dry. Oh... And the Deke's Black Cherry soda was tasty too!
We got a ton of take out - and gorged ourselves. The only non-home runs for us were the brisket cheesesteak which didn't come together well and the cornbread which was too honey-flavored. But those are the only things between four and five stars.
The waitress who took our order was lovely, and the whole meal was ready in less than ten minutes. We only got the spare ribs, not the baby back because those do take longer, so if you want them, order ahead. 
Overall, delicious... And my kitchen smells awesome! I will be back!Excellent ribs and wings, at a good price.  Definitely going back to try the brisket!Just went to a party that had the Deke's food truck.  Best. Party. Ever.  Brisket cheesesteaks!  Chicken tenders with the best batter you ever tasted!  Ribs!  Fries and BBQ sauce!
How do I get Deke's truck at my next party?I hate leaving bad reviews but this review only applies to the food. My boyfriend and I were starving and craving for some barbecue ribs. We found this place online based on the positive reviews so we decided to take the long drive here since it sounded good. To our disappointment, the food did not taste great. We ordered a full rack of ribs, corn bread and potatoe wedges. The ribs were over cooked and bland. Kind of tasted like it was boiled. The barbecue sauce tasted like it came from a kraft brand bottle. The cornbread was definitely not cornbread. Probably worse than the prepackaged cornbread from a grocery store. If you go to South restaurant and order cornbread, you will know what cornbread should taste like. Potatoe wedges were ok but needed flavor. Honestly, if you want ribs, go to Bridgeport Rib house. It is worth the drive.I live up the hill from Deke's and when the wind turns, we're in big trouble. We have to walk down the 100 steps, get BBQ and walk the 100 steps back up loaded with food. 
I've gotten take out multiple times and the food is delicious. Service is not always the most friendly service in the world, but you also rarely have to wait more than a few minutes to get the order so I'm cool with it. 
Plus side is parking on premise and apparently they support all kinds of food delivery (never tested, did I mention the 100 steps part?)For barbecue in Philly this is easily in the top ten if not five places to go.  Brisket pork and ribs are pretty spot on. They take fries to a new level with their potato wedges. I wish they still made the wedges the way they did when the garage first opened with a hint of vinegar and lightly salted but the seasoning they use now is a close second. Great for takeout.  Can't wait for them to open up a new sit down location with the garage becoming a casualty for a soon to be condo building.My first visit to Deke's will be my last. After reading all the hype, I was expecting a killer brisket sandwich. What I got was a dry, tasteless pile of meat that had been sliced a long time ago and reheated so often it was leathery. It had an awful aftertaste. After just two bites, I threw it out. Maybe I was there on the "wrong" night but they gave me no reason to give them a second chance.This is the best BBQ I've tasted in the West Philly area.  I've eaten here several times and never been disappointed.  My go to favorite are the wings in mild sauce with a side of cornbread and coleslaw.  I also love the peach cobbler.This is where Tommy Gunn's used to be. They took out the minimal inside seating, so this is predominantly take-out unless it's a nice day and you can sit at one of the four-seat outdoor tables. NOT scenic.   The food is good though, and on a par with the original Deke's on Umbria.  This place is open for lunch, though.. a big plus.  You can get some very reasonable sandwiches here for less than $10 but a sandwich "platter" will set you back $10 (without a drink.) A "platter" includes potato wedges (no substitutions.)   Sides are big enough to share (and at 5-6 bucks they should be.)  Beans du Jour (today they had sausage, but they might have brisket or pork depending on the day.)  Beans were great as were the al dente shells and cheese.  My son and I got 1/2 lb. of brisket and pulled pork respectively.   Both were moist, appropriately sauced (KC style for the brisket, vinegar-based for the pork.)  Meat was lightly smoky and had LOTS of bark (crisp edges) which is VERY welcome to 'cue aficionados.   Wife had a brisket sandwich, which was cheap, but decided next time to go with the 1/2 lb. and skip the roll. You don't eat barbecue because of the roll.
Anyway, lunch for 3 was $42 bucks before tip (they do carry your food out to you.) Not cheap, but this ain't Wendy's, right?  Good, solid REAL BBQ made by people who know how to do it.  Will go back and try the ribs and chicken.  Tommy Gunn's was sort-of-OK when they weren't out of everything you wanted.  Service was polite, and they even have a veggie option if you happen to hang with people who roll that way.
Will definitely be back.Solid set of ribs, the sauce is excellent and has a good heat and tanginess to it. They can give you small plastic containers if you want more sauce. $12 for a half rack. Although the ribs were flavorful, they were a bit dry. Will stop by again to try the chicken and rib combo. This location is ideally for take-out, as it's literally a small shop with like 4-5 seats next to a window. I would also try their house root beer and bourbon pecan pie. All of it is rock solid and affordable.Ehh I was so excited to finally try this place because I love BBQ. But honestly, it just wasn't very good. My pulled chicken was over cooked and the BBQ flavor was not tasty. Also my boyfriend has the brisket cheesesteak and was also disappointed with the lack of flavor. The customer service was good but I will not be returning.Pros: 
- Great portions!! A friend and I shared the Chicken and Rib Combo platter ($25), which is meant for 2 people. In reality, it could have fed 3-4 people. 
- Corn bread and potato wedges are so addicting! I would come back just those 2 items. Possibly the best I ever had.
- The chicken and baby back ribs was good, but it had way too much sauce. Definitely prefer the ribs over chicken, so tender! 
- Service is fast
- Catering and take out is available at this location
-10% off if you check in on Yelp :)
- $10 off $15 orders when you order on GrubHub with promo code gch0544 (Exp. 11/2015) 
Cons: 
- Because its a take out spot, there is very limited seating (2 outdoor tables, and couple seats inside)
- No restroom :( 
I would go back to try other menu options, but I would go to their other location on Shur Ln, because its bigger and had more seating options.Best BBQ I've had in Philly! Love the ribs, and beans!Came here for lunch because we had an hour to kill before our movie. I got a chicken drumstick and a small side of brisket. Husband had a half side of spare ribs. This was our first meal of the day & it was MORE than enough food. The ribs were delicious- meaty, tender and tangy. Brisket was fork - tender and well seasoned.  The chicken was huge and cooked through without being tough.  Just the right amount of sauce on everything (I hate it when my meat downs in sauce). The cornbread was not overly sweet but had a moist, cakey consistency.  The greens were a little sweet for my liking by hubby thought they went well with the ribs.  The potato salad wasn't much to write home about but I've certainly had worse. We ate outside at a picnic table and enjoyed a great meal. 
However, this is NOT a sit down place.  The two picnic tables are the only seating. Luckily we got there before it got busy. But the food is totally worth it.Meat portions smaller than described or inedible!!
I ordered a pound order of the delicious Texas Brisket about a week ago for delivery. I had ordered once before a few nights previously for the first time and I was blown away by how delicious the brisket was. That first order was a half-pound order and I couldn't get enough. I'd been dreaming about it since then. So I thought I would order the full pound the second time. When the order arrived the second time and I opened it and saw the small amount, I was a bit disappointed. I thought to myself that this could not be a pound. So I weighed it. With box, foil and sauce it came up to a measly 388 grams (0.85 lbs), which equated to the meat alone being about 3/4 lbs. Unacceptable! Considering Its advertised as a full pound ($18) and I ordered the full pound because I couldn't get enough!! 
I wrote a private message to the restaurant letting them know that I was disappointed in the qty but that the meat is delicious.  I received no response from them to that message. 
Fast forward to today. I'm again craving some BBQ, so I decide to order again. I decide to put a note in my order to ensure that I got the full qty. It read: "Please ensure meat qty is 1 pound as described as I would like my tastebuds to experience the full pound of deliciousness". 
When the food arrived today, the box was super heavy. Definitely more than a pound. It came up to a whopping 1.5 lbs on the scale. I was surprised but happy. 
I then began to feast on what I thought was going to be delicious, tender brisket. WRONG. The brisket was so, so very salty. I've never tasted meat that salty in my life! Even bacon is less salty! It was quite inedible. I looked a bit closer and I could actually see the salt granules on the meat. My friend thought I was exaggerating, so I let them taste it too. They were horrified and suggested I rinse it off. Yes, It was that salty. 
I decided to call the restaurant and let them know. I asked for the manager and Mike came onto the phone and said he was the manager. I told him that it looked like someone must have thrown half a bottle of salt on my meat, to which he asked, "Well, did you taste it?" I told him I did and that it was unbelievably salty. He then apologized and told me that he salted my brisket himself and he must have made a mistake.  He offered to either give me a refund for the meat or send another order out free of charge. I was going to get another order but then changed my mind and opted for the meat refund as I ordered over UberEATS and thought it would be a hassle. Not to mention my faith in Deke's had waned immensely. They said they would call Uber and call me back to let me know the refund was processed. 
Uber refunded me the price of the meat and the restaurant did call me back to let me know that they spoke to Uber. This time, it was a woman on the phone who continued to apologize profusely. Which I appreciated. Then she told me that the chef must have made an error "he must have sliced the meat differently". 
If indeed tonight's saltiness was a mistake, then consistency is lacking in taste.  If it wasn't a mistake then I will not support a business that plays with customer's food.  
Then there is the issue with smaller portion at same price for what is supposed to be a fixed quantity. 
Either way, I do not think I will be ordering from Deke's again. 
The good thing was that customer service in response to this issue was good. They gave me options, were nice and apologized. So that's a positive.Had my first visit to Dekes, after being in Austin, TX a few weeks ago And i had a hankering for some brisket! Dekes didn't disappoint, I got the brisket sandwich and it was great, moist and flavorful.  
The service was great and quick and they got everything just right. I'll definitely be back and try something else.My "go-to" for BBQ! Frequently went to Deke's for the cocktails and better yet the BBQ. They had a very robust and reasonable buffet, but never tried it. I always go for slabs of ribs and/or brisket. Held my 32nd birthday at their garage location. Was reasonable to rent out the entire bar, but they no longer occupy that space and only have a take-out location and food truck now. All that said, their food still is as good as ever.Cornbread was fantastic, potato wedges were pretty good, ribs and brisket were good as well. Will definitely come back again!I have eaten a lot of BBQ in my life but nothing holds a candle to Deke's BBQ!! His pulled pork is out of this world. I cannot recommend this place enough! The food is made with love by wonderful people! Check them out on Thursday's on Main Street, Manayunk.I used Uber eats, so I can't say anything about the atmosphere or service.
I ordered Pulled pork sandwich with wedges and coleslaw, and a side of beans. The pulled pork was delish. Unfortunately I didn't get to eat it as a sandwich because my bread was a soggy mess, even though I asked for the roll on the side. I'm guessing they don't care at all to read the comments/requests. Wedges were delish as well, super crunchy, and they give you a lot. Coleslaw left a lot to be desired. 
Now on to the beans. Let me just say that I love beans, in any shape or form and I eat beans almost everyday. I've had bbq beans, I've made them, I love them. These beans though, smh. They tasted like someone emptied bottles of bbq sauce in a pot, threw in the beans and onions, let them simmer, reduce, and accidentally burnt them. That then ends up a salty, burnt tasting thick, concentrated bbq sauce, with beans. Apparently they use sausage in there too, I didn't get any.
All in all the food's great, well if you get the pulled pork sandwich and wedges.......And if they read your comments, so your bread isn't a soggy, mushy mess.I'm not really sure why this place has 4 stars because it definitely doesn't deserve it. I ordered mac and cheese as well as brisket and ribs. The mac and cheese was a let down, severely lacking in flavor. The ribs were over charred and didn't have much meat on the bone. The brisket was the shining star and it wasn't even that good! There's much better bbq places in the city. Don't even waste your time or money here. I rather just go to Sweet Lucy's instead even though it's a little further of a drive.Really used to think highly of Dekes. Maybe it is a one time fluke but i don't think I'd take the chance and eat here again.  Picked up an order of fried mac n cheese balls,  4 burnt to a crisp balls for $6! Burnt fries in our platter and to top it off a big eggshell in my cornbread.  Disappointed.When I expressed my dissatisfaction to the owner, she invited me to come back the next day and treated me to a delicious juicy brisket sandwich with incredible fries, cole slaw, pickles and Deke's Black Cherry Soda. Apparently, my bad experience was due to the brisket being cut the wrong way. Whatever! I really appreciated the do-over!I loved the corn bread...still warm
The brisket was juicy and so tasty.
the mac n cheese is still on my mind
 and the cole slaw is spot on
 Last time we did the ribs, each time we do the family meal, and ARE NEVER LET DOWN.An absolute joke!!! Prices for the portions are horrible!!! I'll never order from there again and will never recommend this place to anyone!!!I can't say enough great things about Deke's! I needed a drop-off caterer for a luncheon at my job to show appreciation for our employees, and it can be *incredibly* difficult (if not downright impossible) to find something that all of our employees can agree on. I emailed Deke's (because of their good Yelp reviews) with our per person budget, and they sent me a delicious sounding menu. I added a couple of extra trays of things to make sure we had enough for all of our staff. Everything was easy to arrange over email, which is preferable for me with my job, and they were able to take my payment over the phone.
The day of the food drop off (today), their delivery person (I cannot remember her name, but she was so very nice) not only showed up on time but showed up 10 minutes early. She carried in everything on her own, which was a huge help to us. Deke's was able to provide us with disposable chaffing dishes, which were very much appreciated. They also provided serving utensils. Remarkably, they even let us keep the large, insulated bags in which the food was delivered. The only thing that we were worried about is that it didn't look like that much food upon arrival. I was a bit nervous that we had under-ordered. We didn't open the bags for about 30 minutes as we were setting up the room for the luncheon, but when we did open them, everything was still piping hot. I was shocked to see how much food was in each tray! I didn't even open the 'extras' I had ordered...except for the extra ribs because those were *amazing.* The mac & cheese was indescribably and totally worth cheating on my diet for. The chicken and pork were moist and delicious, despite being in those trays for some time, and the cole slaw was a huge hit.
All of our staff members loved the food, even going up for seconds and thirds. And we still have enough food for lunch tomorrow! I am so happy that I found Deke's and was able to throw a truly memorable employee appreciation luncheon for my team!This used to be Tommy Gunn's now it's Deke's satellite store: this location is open Mondays as the main restaurant (around the corner) is not  
-- this location will also accept credit cards.
All the same great food including the grandmothers recipe pickles, cornbread with honey sauce, baked beans, potato wedges, truffle mac and cheese, and of course of course of course the reason why you came there in the first place the ribs and brisket. Don't go there too hungry because you will order everything on the menu and there's nothing wrong with that you will eat it all up     ...yum yum!Fantastic barbecue. Great corn bread. Next time I'm ordering some extra sauce because the ribs were a little dry but the rub was so good and the meat so tender that I didn't even mind that much.I have only been to the take out spot on Ridge Ave so i cannot comment on the overall restaurant experience but the food is top notch. Some of the best baby back ribs i have ever had.Um yes more!! This place is so good and worth the stop to pick up brisket, chicken, pulled pork, baby back ribs and honey cornbread. Also good for takeaway because the seating is pretty limited here. The meats are tender, the sauces are scrumptious and the flavour is legit! When you are feeling carnivorous, make your belly happy here. You're welcome. The portions are generous and the prices are pretty reasonable so you'll leave satisfied.This place is the bomb with the best barbecue ever! I love it! And if I lived in the manayunk area, I would literally be here everyday for lunch and dinner.
For $32, we had the chicken wing platter and brisket sandwich with fries and it was mind blowing.  The portions are huge.
It's super small here bc it's the takeout spot. Hit up there full blown sit down dining restaurant 4 minutes away. It opens at 5 pm.Best barbecue I had in my life!!!! The BBQ brisket sandwich was orgasm good! And the greens were actually sweet (which was different) but drank the juices from the greens as s beverage vs. getting a water! Hands down a great a BBQ spot. Don't let the storefront fool you... they make gold in there !Quite yummy indeed.
Head the brisket, collard greens, cole slaw.
Meat was delicious and tender. Not sure if I was a big fan of the BBQ sauce because it was too sugary for my taste.
But most BBQ sauces are - so I might not be the best judge for that.If I could give a negative rating I would. Their meats are okay. I've had the BBQ chicken, brisket and pulled pork. The sides are horrible. The beans boasts of sausage. There was none in my portion and they were thick and tasted burnt. The coleslaw was disgusting. The wedges are okay, but why just okay? How can you mess up a potato wedge? The banana pudding was banana flavored pudding, VERY soggy cookies and NO BANANAS! The pecan pie was ok, but the ratio of all the ingredients was all wrong. Definitely, not enough crust for all of the toppings. Even the pickles were weird. Never again. I make better BBQ in my kitchen.I love Deke's!!! We have catered many events from this place, from small friend gatherings, to celebrating our night before the wedding (although made my wedding dress a little tight...) with our out-of-towners! Honestly their spare ribs are the best I've ever had, and even my bridesmaid (who is from Texas so she knows a little bit about bbq) said they were pretty amazing!  Their cornbread is pretty addicting, too. 
Price is super reasonable as well. When we order in bulk, it usually comes out to about $10-$15 per person for stuffing our faces silly with meat.I really enjoyed the pulled pork sandwich, and the potato wedges where crispy and tasteful.  The pork will make your mouth melt, I really recomend it.  
Only cons about this place is that they do not have an available restroom, even though they serve food (I believe there should be a regulation for this).This place has fantastic food. Everything they serve is absolutely delicious! Especially the beans. We've been ordering about once a week from them, and it's constantly perfect!Deke's may be the best ribs in the area. You can't go wrong with a rack of ribs and some of their cornbread. The brisket is on point too if that's more your thing.Two stars: one star for service, three for food. Person who took my order had an affect that was a cross between disdain and vexation. Odd as nothing transpired between us and there was no other business for most of my visit.  
I only had the brisket sandwich.  Meat was tender and ample but lacked any smokiness or character. Bread tasted generic. Sauce was sweet and tasty but again, without complexity. So many better places here and regionally for BBQ.I would like to amend my previous review.  Previously, I did not have a good experience and was very unhappy.  Whatever the issue was with the wings, they have fixed it and I have to say, they are better than when I first started ordering their wings.  I got an order of wings that were cooked perfectly and now they sprinkle some seasoning over the wings.  I could not figure out what seasonings were in the mixture, but it was good.  I also ordered a whole bird and that too was cooked to perfection and it had that flavorful seasoning.  My hubby ordered the brisket cheesesteak and thoroughly enjoyed it.  Glad I can get good wings again.rough around the edges, but meat heaven! this place is definitely unassuming but full of character. For my first time, I walked in and ordered rather than calling ahead, which I would do in the future to save time. The place itself is no frills, and don't expect warm service, but the food is well worth it. I absolutely loved the brisket- it had the perfect amount of fat and was so tender. The ribs were also awesome, and both meats had a nice smokey barbecue sauce. I wish I had tried the corn bread, but went with some mac n cheese instead and I must say, it's really unique! They make it with shells, and they use a ton of spices to add some more flavor to the cheesy goodness. 
Suggestion: pick up your BBQ at Deke's and then head to Pretzel Park to enjoy it picnic styleI don't know what's going on with Deke's lately but it makes me sad. I've always loved Deke's, going to the spot at the garage once and all the rest of the times to the take-out spot on Ridge which is convenient and close to home. Always friendly (except one younger girl who constantly seems to have an attitude problem), online ordering is super convenient and the food has always been great. EXCEPT recently. I've been to Deke's twice in the last month-ish (both times since the garage location has closed - maybe something to do with that?) and the food has been mediocre at best. It's a real bummer, especially because you're easily spending $15 on a meal. No fried mac the last two times - which has never happened before. Was subbed with regular mac one of those times and it was very oily. I didn't eat more than a bite or two. One order was the Sloppy Doc which has typically been pretty loaded with pulled pork - enough that it's a filling meal. The order a couple weeks ago had hardly any pork on it whatsoever, and I requested extra cheese sauce but there wasn't even as much as the normal amount on it. The potato wedges were even a little cold, making them chalky tasting. The most recent order (6/22/17) was a Smokin' Hog. The pork itself was fine, wedges again were cold and a little chalky, slaw was loaded with dry rub (??) and what used to be a super delicious brioche bun was replaced with a thick, tasteless, white roll. I think this is gonna be it for awhile. Too expensive to keep spending that kind of money on take-out and being unsatisfied. It's a bummer because, coming from NC, I have pretty high BBQ standards and Deke's has almost always met them.This was my first experience with Deke's. After a recent short fall with another barbecue spot, I was still craving the comforting barbecue goodness my heart desired. And Deke's did not disappoint. 
I went with carry out from their Ridge Ave location. It is small, and a bit of a cluster to deal with in a hectic intersection across from a Septa transit station - but there were ample parking spots within the lot. 
Ordered the pulled pork platter. Includes 6 ounces of pulled pork, potato wedges, corn bread and coleslaw. At first, I was very disappointed to learn that there was no barbecue sauce in my to go box. However, after one bite of the pulled pork I quickly learned that it wasn't even necessary. And this is coming from a barbecue sauce fanatic. (Next time I will make sure I order one of their sauces, because I just have to try it.) The pork was super juicy and tender, and I believe it was lightly drizzled with their jus sauce. Perfect amount of smokiness to enhance the flavor of the meat - instead of over powering it, which I find all too often at other barbecue places. 
The potato wedges were also amazing. Super crispy and tossed in a delicious blend of spices that went along perfectly with the pork. Seriously, they are STILL crispy after sitting alongside the pork and soaking up some of the juices. 
Cornbread was moist and flavorful. I also got a side of collard greens which were, like everything else, delicious. Perfectly cooked with the right amount of tart acidity. 
The pulled pork platter and a side of collard greens set me back $20 and some change. Which I thought was a little pricey. However, I will gladly pay that again for this quality of barbecue. A real gem of a find in Manayunk.I have been living in Manayunk for almost 8 years now but I had never tried Deke's up till now.  I got the pulled pork sandwich.  The meat was excellent, easily 5 stars.  The sandwich was pretty small though, a bit too small IMO... and I don't particularly like soft rolls... hence 4 stars.  Will try again though.The best baby back ribs I have ever had.  Great service and fair price.  Should have gotten a whole rack!!!!    I'll be back!The Corn Bread is to die for. I literally died. The bbq baby back ribs are good. The bbq chicken is good. But the cornbread... OMG I could eat their cornbread all day.
It has the right amount of moisture in the bread with the right amount of sweetness and some bits of corn here and there. They are very generous with the corn bread too. I think I could just order cornbread here and be really really happy. 
Anyway, I need to try their other menu options. They have turned me into the corn bread monster!!!Small place but delicious BBQ. The service is great. Everyone is patient and willing to help understand anything on the menu. The brisket is outstanding and the best in the area. I would recommend Deke's to anyone looking for authentic BBQ in Philadelphia.I used Deke's catering for my wedding and it was a huge hit!  They delivered everything on time and all the food was delicious!  The beef brisket was the biggest hit, but the chicken and pork were wonderful too.  The mac and cheese was to die for. The spicy green beans had a good kick, the roasted potatoes and stuffed mushrooms were amazing.  We got compliments on the food all night.  If you enjoy BBQ and comfort food, Deke's is the place to go!Went to Deke's yesterday for lunch! OMG! The brisket is what you want! It was fabulous! It was melt in your mouth tender and the bread was great - in my opinion the bread makes the sandwich and this was great! Ed filled our take-out order and he was very pleasant. We had a side of mac n cheese as well as the corn bread. Both were good but next time I would just stick to the brisket sandwich!!Some of the best ribs around. A little pricey, but definitely worth the money. They also, have some really good wings. I like their spicy sauce on everything.