Was once a big fan of the place and love the concept in general.  My most recent visit was unfortunately not great.  Kind of started at the host stand where I could barely get someone to look at me (busy cleaning menus) and when the hostess finally looked up, informed me that she couldn't seat me until my full table was present (at 9pm on a monday night with a total of 15 people in the restaurant and 400 open seats, this seemed a little odd).  When my friend finally arrived, the hostess asked us to wait at the bar while our table was prepared (again, 400 open seats)...... once we were seated, experience was also just ok.  Space is still beautiful, but seemed a little tired (maybe it was just the staff at the tail end of a slow night that made it feel that way).  The food was ok (calamari was a little smaller serving than I remembered and a little dry), beef carpaccio was good, Caesar salad just ok- they were out of the Crab Cake which was really too bad as I was looking forward to it.   We shared the Rib eye and it was well prepared.  Having another server cleaning and moving tables right next to us for a sustained period while we ate was a bit distracting, but not the end of the world (again, my fault for going so late).   They were also out of the corn side dish which I remember being delicious so I was again, disappointed.   I can't help but feel like a place of this level and price gets less leeway when it comes to being properly stocked up, i.e., don't run out of stuff.  Finally, and this is a personal thing- the crowd was not what I remembered.  Again, there weren't many, but the customers there were very sloppy looking and very poorly dressed.  I remember the crowd was at one time, very attractive and very sharp.  Overall, kind of a disappointing experience.Nice all around place for dinner, appetizers and/or drinks.Always a great dining experience! From the food to the atmosphere, we never leave disappointed! Will certainly be back soon.I recently went to Del Frisco's for a special treat night out. I live pretty close to the restaurant, but had never been there. 
The Good:
* It's a beautiful restaurant. Although, we ate in "the vault" which is in the basement and lacked the grandness of the upstairs. If I was to go again, I'd request not to be in the vault. 
* The tables were far enough apart that you could have intimate conversation.
* The food was good. I really thought it would be SHOCKINGLY good... but it was just good. I had an 8oz filet... The other good thing about the food is the sides are family style. So even though your "meal" is just a piece of steak, the sides feed at least two.
* I had a champagne cocktail which was AWESOME.
The Bad:
* The service wasn't great. From the coat check lady not being in the coat check room, the hostess asking my name THREE times (we had a reservation), and finally our server... I just have a higher expectation of service at such an expensive place. Our server was nice enough, but didn't really talk to us, and stood chatting with another server for at least 5 minutes holding my friend's glass of wine before she brought it over. (We were already eating.)
* On our way out, we both commented on how um, mature everyone was. It's certainly not a trendy crowd... maybe rich middle-aged rittenhouse people? 
* For two people, who both got small steaks, two sides and two drinks our meal was $140 without tip. If it was AWESOME, I wouldn't have blinked... but I remain underwhelmed.
If anything, I'd probably go back for a casual happy hour type thing, but I don't think I'll be having another meal here.Great food and a great space.
Food:
I went here during restaurant week with friends and got the Fillet.  It was cooked perfectly and was juicy.  I couldn't ask for anything more.  The bar area is pretty spacious and good for a quick drink while waiting for a table.
Service:
Friendly and knowledgeable.  
Ambiance:
The restaurant is in what used to be a bank.  It's really beautiful.  They have an old vault that you can eat in.  I thought that that was interesting.I have to start off by saying the VIP is to die for!  Portions here are so large that it was overwhelming for me (but I'm not a big eater).  I tend to choose apps over entrees for my meal and the apps here are amazing.  The Tuna tare tare was out of this world and I'm a sucker for a great salad (I know, so boring).  The filet was one of the best I ever tasted and the lobster mac and cheese, which was so rich and filling, was wonderful.  I could only taste a bite or two because it was just so rich.  
The service was just okay--not sure if we were there on a bad night or if that is the standard but we definitely where left waiting for a long period of time to order drinks, receive our check and have our food packed to go.  Not a big deal because I don't like to rush a nice dinner but I do like to enjoy a cocktail while I wait.Some of the best steak I have ever had. This place is huge and very classy. Perfect for a special date night. Also has a more casual bar scene to watch the game. You are going to pay here, but the experience is worth it. Dinner in the basement vault is the sexiest thing to do here.Overall great experience and love at first sight, great ambience and decor! Filet steak and bone in steak is made to perfection and price is expensive but for the quality of food that was served it was good, vip cocktail was really good, house salad was delish with avocado ranch dressing with three thick pieces of bacon, and lastly lobster mac and cheese is a must when you go here! Will definitely come back for more!This place is awesome! Everything is good. The atmosphere is awesome. Service is always great. My go to place in Philly. I enjoy eating downstairs near the old bank vaults, sitting at the bar chatting with the bartenders and sitting upstairs overlooking the main dinning floor. My fav restaurant in the city, hands down.I don't think I have ever experience worse service at a white-tablecloth restaurant before.
I arrived at about 5:40pm on Thursday. The waitress came right over and took my order, a cocktail and a hamburger (I was with a group of people for happy hour).  The cocktail came right away.  An hour later, i was still waiting for the hamburger.  The sad thing is, in that time, 3 other people joined my table (at least 30 minutes after I arrived) and ordered food.  The *same* waitress took their order and delivered their food well before mine (two of them ordering the hamburger), without giving it a second though.  When I inquired where my food was, first I was told "it is coming off the grill", then about 10 minutes later I was told, "it just went on the grill".  When my food finally arrived, it was cold and raw.  The waitress, for some reason, didn't comprehend that I had been waiting for an hour and only offered half-hearted apologies.  To add insult to injury, I was charged for the cold and raw hamburger that was served an hour later.  My table's bill was well over $300.
To make matters worse, when a friend and me when to get our coats from the coat check room, it took them 20 minutes to find our coats (we had both been given claim check tickets with numbers on them).  The coat check people were able to find other people's coats who came 15 minutes after us, even after the coat check people asked us numerous times to describe our coats (mind you, my friend is 6'4").  After 20 minutes, we were invited into the coat check room to find our own coats!!  As soon as I walked in, my coat was staring me in the face, not 2 feet away.  My 6'4" friend found his right away.
I am embarrassed to say that I have recommended Del Frisco's to others.  Unless the management cleans house, I will never go there ever again.  I could have gone across the street and got a hamburger from Wendy's that tasted better, cost less, and took 55 minutes less time to make.From the staff to the building and decor and, of course, the food, Del Frisco's does not disappoint.  Our waiter and the management team made us feel so special and spoiled.  We enjoyed such a great evening here! The Sangiovese was so smooth and easy.  Blue cheese lettuce wedge is the best blue cheese I've ever had.  The steaks are always on point - try the bone in filet, you cannot imagine the flavor that cut adds.  Lastly - the lemon cake. I've seen a lot of reviews with notes on dessert but none for this Jewell!  The lemon cake is so moist and sweet and the slice is huge - get it to go and you will not regret it! 
Del Frisco's is a beautiful restaurant where they clearly strive to offer an amazing experience to all of their guests.This place is absolutely amazing!!! My wife  and  I love the food, service, and ambiance. Their steaks have a pepper flavor to them, so if you like pepper, this is the place to try. The bone in filet just melts in your mouth!  We always come here on Christmas Eve and are never disappointed!!Great atmosphere, great food and great service! What more can you ask for??  Had the prime rib-bye and it was cooked to perfection, no addition sauce or seasoning  needed. Also had the 16oz lobster tail that was grilled. It was kinda tough, definitely not worth $96! 
Overall, everything was great! Will return again soon.Really busy Monday night for Restaurant Week 2, but short wait since we were late for an 8PM reservation. We were seated on the upper level in a nice secluded booth facing the tables by the railing and the huge wine cabinet in the middle of the floor. Really appreciated the seating since I am tired of sitting way too close to other patrons. 
Very friendly server came by to ask us about our water, inform us of cocktails we would be interested in (really liked the fruity VIP) and to take our order. He was really great at selling items off the menu and very personable. I got the Restaurant Week menu "soup of the day" asparagus bisque which was really tasty. The wait for our steaks was fairly long but we had our bread to munch on. I ordered the 8oz filet mignon which was PERFECT and my guy had the 24oz prime porterhouse. The runner informed us that the plates were VERY HOT so the first thing I do when they place the plate down was accidentally brush my hand and DAMN that plate was hot! The lobster mac and cheese was a must and I wasn't disappointed. I also enjoyed the mashed potatoes that came with my steak. They also check to make sure the steak is cooked to your liking when they bring it to you (they ask you to cut the steak and they shine a flashlight so you can closely inspect the redness). Shared the apple crumb cake which was really good. 
Service was great. Hostesses were nice and friendly, really great server and they constantly checked our water and cleared our plates. The atmosphere was a little disappointing. It seemed very bright when I was expecting something darker like Zahav or Prime Rib. Didn't feel as upscale as I expected. Lots of people were dressed down which wasn't such a bad thing but kind of made me feel like I overdressed. It was more of a "fun" atmosphere. Really liked the intricate work on the ceiling. The layout is pretty nice, too.Let me start by saying I'm not a connoisseur of steak.  I have however eaten some of the best, usually enjoying them immensely.  The steak at Del Frisco's was right up there, the bone-in ribeye cooked to perfection evenly throughout, juicy and flavorful.  The star of this show though is the building that this restaurant occupies.  The grandeur of this former bank, richly detailed two stories plus the vault below, has been carefully restored and enhanced by the crazy winding staircase wine cellar. This ambiance with its grandiose bar and flowing drapes make it almost worth the price of admission, which is of course quite stiff. Let's be honest - most of the people here are on their business expense tab (as was I), or trying to impress for some other reason.
Lobster mac and cheese was thick, not overcooked, rich with cream and ample lobster chunks.  Other sides were almost equally good, though everything seemed to have bacon on it.
Service was attentive, friendly and very thorough, even while the staff seemed almost as pretentious as the patrons.  Our server helped with selections, followed up, even distributed side dishes for us.
Only downside was, surprisingly, the martini.  Ordered it up with bleu cheese olives and when I tasted it, it was like sea water in my mouth.  It was so salty as to be undrinkable, a real shame for a $15 martini.  Might have been their olives but please someone correct this immediately.  This to me is most important complement to a steak dinner.A great place for a business lunch. The place is really nice, in a 1950's manly kinda way. The food is pretty good. The best thing is definitely the lemon cake, seriously, I could eat a whole pie of it. The chocolate mousse was really bitter though. The bread pudding and creme brulee were just standard. Overall this is a nice and safe choice for business lunching. The only thing that seems a bit out of place is the waitresses uniforms...tight black shirts, shorts and stockings...it does throw the vibe off a bit...but I'm sure the core audience does not mind! Also, our waitress was super friendly and nice, actually one of the best waitresses I've had in the city (sorry, can't recall the name =() She was friendly and easy going but not in a fake or awkward way. A+ for that!Both the service and food were wonderful.
I ordered a bottle of red wine, the wedge salad with extra, extra bacon and the filet mignon with potatoes.
The steak was super tender and the flavor was great. Lemon cake and cappuccino to finish the night.
Come here if you really want to impress someone special. Fancy spot!Saturday 7:30pm reservation. Seated promptly at upper level booth.  Service was great from bread to wine to dinner. By far better than the other steakhouses a few blocks away. Sorry S. Starr, they Butchered you.  Attentive without being intrusive and each course was timely and well executed.  Definitely a repeat customer.Del Frisco's is the perfect place for a date night. The restaurant is absolutely amazing with high ceilings and a wine vault. The filet mignon is really juicy and prepared just right. My favorite dish on the menu is the lobster macaroni and cheese. It is to die for! We are always craving this dish and Del Frisco's is the place to go for it. The only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because the service is not like the service you should expect from a five star restaurant. The waiter was very casual and forgot about our orders twice. He didn't really seem to have urgency with his attention to us. Most importantly, we were waiting a long time to order our drinks and food. We had to ask to get the bread after 15 minutes because it wasn't arriving. He also forgot to put in our appetizers so we just received the entree altogether. This made me a little upset given the fact that you are typically spending $120-200 on food and drinks and would hope that they have the right servers to provide excellent service. This is what sets apart a good restaurant from the rest.it was the second time I was there, and it exceeded my expectations.  The staff is so nice and answers all your questions.  The steaks are the best I have had ever before.  The servers are very attentive.  I will be back.  I sat at the bar, and the bartender was able to make me an awesome drink.  The atmosphere is incredible and I feel like I am at the cathedral.  Amazing!!THE CHAMP IS HERE (Steak Champ, that is)!!!
This place serves the best steak I've ever eaten.  This place beats out some very good chains in my opinion (Ruth's Chris, Chicago).  I normally woof down my food like there's a possibility it might grow legs and run off my plate.  Not here.  Here you savor every bite.  Don't be that guy or gal that goes to a killer steak house and orders chicken or seafood here.  You will regret it.
But enough about the steak because there's more.  The service and experience of eating in this place, at least at the Philadelphia location is superb.
The location in Philly is built in an old, ornate bank with tall, fancy pillars.  You get the feeling that the cast of Mad Men might celebrate new business deals here or the Wolf of Wall Street might snort cocaine off a prostitute's under carriage in the bathroom here... You know, real classy.
Also had the King Crab Gnocchi as one of the side dishes.  It was incredible, but I saw lots of other trying the Lobster Mac-n-Cheese and I sorta wish I would of grabbed that instead.So good!!!  We were a party of 8. The service was great. The steaks were all cooked perfectly and the sides were wonderful. ( Lobster mac and cheese was awesome !) Didn't care too much for the creme brûlée.  I would not recommend the lobster bisque soup. It tasted like curry and was spicy.This is my favorite steak place by far! The service was excellent, food was delicious and the atmosphere was enchanting. My uncle took me here a couple of months back and it was truly an amazing eating experience. The history itself is intriguing. Since it is so huge I took a walk around the whole place. The spiral wine case in the middle of it all is my favorite and memorizing to say the least. I kind of felt like a big shot eating here. I've heard that all the famous people come here to eat. I felt like I was in an old gangster movie, you know when all the gangsters take their women to that one fancy place everyone talks and knows about. Lol, I'm rambling now but seriously it is so nice. Even the bathrooms are super fancy! Candy and perfume and lotions out the wazoo. Propose to your future wife here, for real.Wonderful ambiance.
Really overpriced though.  I realize it is in downtown Philly and its an upscale restaurant, but even by those standars it's expensive.  Steaks can be upwards of $120 and lobster is in the $80-$120 range.
The food is good, but its not Le Bec Fin.  The staff is attentive, knowledgeable and friendly.  You are swarmed with staff at your table, tending to your needs.
The bar in the center of the dining room is remarkable and features a wine collection that extends about 30 feet in the air.
I didn't think of it as a "dessert place", but the cheesecake is the best I have ever had.  It was so smooth and creamy that it was more the consistency of a mousse than a cheesecake.  Unbelievable.I am an occasional visitor to the restaurant. My friend and I sat at the bar and ordered burgers. I also ordered a wedge salad. I asked for no tomatoes on both and when the salad arrived there were tomatoes in it. Before I finished eating the salad the burgers arrived and mine had a tomato. In addition, the bun was stale and would break apart when you held it. The bar tender never asked if everything was to our liking.  I was surprised by the level of service and quality of food for this type of restaurant.Really nice atmosphere, beautiful building, and great service. The fried calamari and 8oz steaks were amazing. One of the best steaks I've had. Even the strawberry cheesecake was super good. The Russian standard mules were on the strong side too.This restaurant is very well executed. All of the staff are well trained and professional. The food is well done, and the atmosphere is incredible. The interior decor of this restaurant is the best of any restaurant I have ever been to. 
The only reason this review is 4 stars and not 5 is because they messed one thing up and it is their most important piece on which they pride themselves. The filet mignon that I ordered medium rare was rather undercooked and not prepared to my liking. The seasoning was tasty but it was not prepared properly. I was underwhelmed with the steak as it costs an exorbitant amount of money and it was not even that tasty. 
However, everything else I had was phenomenal. I enjoyed the lobster and the side dishes were all unique and had a great taste and quenched my hunger. The service was excellent and I think it was all well executed except somebody has to teach the people in the back (who work at a steakhouse) how to prepare their meats. 
It's also worth noting that if you aren't prepared to drop over $100 per person then don't come here.As a couple with a young child, date nights are far and few in between. With that being said, we want to make sure we pick the right place so our night-out is most enjoyable. Our experience was just that and more last night. We started at the bar for a round of hand crafted cocktails, the sidecar and maple manhattan were excellent.  Our bartender Danielle was friendly and greeted us right away. Then we headed to our table for thee very best dinner we have ever had! We ordered the lamb chops and the filet medallions which were perfectly cooked! The real shining star of the night, however, was our server Darell G. He was very professional but also so personable that he immediately felt like family to us. Even if the food was not as good, we would still come back just for Darell. Lucky for us, it was a win-win all around. We can't wait to return!!Amazing food and service! Had one of the best steaks I've ever had. It is pricey but worth it for a special occasion.When everything is done to its perfection, that is what Del Frisco's is.  Price is a bit on the high end but justifiable based on the quality of foods, drinks and services, so come in with a deep pocket.One of my favorite date-night steakhouse spot in Philly! Ambiance is so great also.A good steakhouse.  The usual exhorbitant prices, but at least the food is pretty good. Not great but pretty good. The soups are quite nice and are hardy/flavorfull. The steaks are B to B+, the sides decent. Order a Coke and you get your own bottle. A 6 oz bottle, It's smaller than the Steak Knife. Service was very good but I didn't like the over attention. Waitstaff kept picking up plates and pouring water to the point of distraction from a good conversation. Less is more.
go for luch. there are much better places for steak without crossing a street.great space, great service, great steaks.  period.  It's not cheap, in fact, it's stupid-expensive.  Highly recommendThe atmosphere here and food is amazing. Their tomahawk wagu steak is out of this world! Definitely one of my favorite places to eat in the city!I took a friend to Del Frisco's on Monday, December 23 for a special occasion.  I'd never been here before, but heard it talked up from several people. The front of house staff was excellent. As soon as we were seated, things became disappointing. 
Our server seemed disinterested in why were there. After being seated for about 20 minutes we had to ask another server to please bring us some bread. Never had to ask for bread in a place similar to Del Frisco's before, that was weird.
There were other weird, inconsistent things like how our tablecloth had holes and shreds in it. That may sound critical, but it's about the nuances and little things that make restaurants truly great and places you want to return.
The filet, potatoes and mushrooms I had were not remarkable or memorable. Based on reading other reviews it appears our experience is not the norm, so maybe it was just an off night.Went during the restaurant week. Only good part of dinner was the the "VIP" martini, otherwise food was subpar. 
Steaks were over salted heavily and not done to temperature which was requested.
I am not sure if it was because of late dinner and during restaurant week, however a standard should never change even when you serve a thousand customer.Yes, quite a change from my experience earlier in the week.  But this visit brought to light negative aspects that I didn't notice the first time around.
Being the last Friday of Restaurant Week, I was sure to make reservations.  We arrived there 5 minutes early for 9:30PM reservations and checked in with the hostess. One person was parking, so they said they'd seat us when everyone arrived.  The group's chauffer arrived at 9:35.  What time were we seated?  10:15PM.  What was their reason?  "It's Friday night... restaurant week... we're overbooked."  Not acceptable.  As I stood their waiting (for FORTY-FIVE minutes), I wondered if they did the same thing last time; there just happened to be an open table when we arrived, not that they had a table reserved.  What's the point of making reservations if we have to wait for 45 minutes?
Finally seated, the same lobster bisque was still broth-y, though not as black-peppery.  One person got the salad with dressing on the side, allowing us to see that the greens were wilting.  Last time, the greens were well-coated with dressing.
The service was alright, but nothing more than I'd get from an Applebees.
I now feel stupid for suggesting Del Friscos and for waiting 45 minutes for our reservation.  And then we're expected to pay $$$$ for the service?  Never going back.Really disappointing. In town and thought I would try this place because a location is opening in my hometown. I ordered the lobster mac and cheese and filet. The m/c noodles weren't cooked at all and there was no lobster. I'm not saying that exaggerating either - there was no lobster. My filet was Ok but far from worth the price or reputation of del friscos. I tried to tell my bartender but she just ignored me and talked about what she plans to do after college to some other patron the whole time. Don't recommend coming here.Unfortunately, we only stopped in for a drink because we were on our way back from the Phillies game. We weren't dress appropriately for dinner but do I wish we were!
The atmosphere is priceless. It's in a 1900s bank. Downstairs there is a room inside the actual vault. Talk about amazing to see!
My boyfriend's father oversaw the renovation so he was able to fill us in with all the incredible details of the historic building. I only gave this place a 4 star because I didn't eat there. I have eaten at other Del Friscos and have throughly enjoyed it.Worst experience. We had a 9:30 reservation. Didn't get seated until 10:15. The hostess was rude (the blonde tall one)   They sat us in the corner by the door. I was cold the whole time. Our food came out 1 1/2 hours later and the sides was cold. This similar situation happens to me the last time I was here in May. Go to Ruth chris or butcher and singer instead !!!This place is very fancy. PLUS the hostess wear the shortest skirt I've ever seen for a fancy restaurant...My guess is that this joint turns into some type of burlesque show after midnight or what not OR Chris Rock was wrong and there is "sex in the champagne" room.
I came here for a business dinner (as you may or may not know, I rarely would go to a steakhouse on my own accord) 2-3wks ago.
Someone told me this building use to be a bank...is that so? Well I really like the decor inside. I was downstairs (imagine going down the steps of those big banks)...I really didn't get a good view of the main floor but it looked dimmed...the ideal spot for shady politicians to make shady deals and have silly affairs with hostesses/waitstaff in short short black shorts that they have no business wearing in the dead of winter BUT I digress.
So I made my way downstairs...first of all the girl who was escorting me there was blond and in decent shape, cute in the face too..there was another chick there who looked just like her...i can def see someone putting a "two for one" bid on them two.....ahem..so downstairs i was led into the VAULT...
Aw ma gawd, whose idea was this? I loved it. I felt soo "exclusive". maybe it's because my broke has never owned anything that belonged in a vault hence had no reason to ever been in or see a real life bank vault...the door was gigantic..i loved it.
When I grow up, I'm going myself bedroom a gigantic vault.
The bread I was served was awwwwesome, but I was starving and shoelaces would have tasted equally good. 
We had limited selection from the menu but I went with the filet Mignon and it's funny because I wanted it well done and somehow it came out BURNT. I mean BURNT..like crispy...like wesley snipes after spending 4hrs in the hot sun BURNT...there were pieces I couldn't eat cause it was charred and tasted burnt. I was upset...more at myself for not going with the salmon.
Sides were broccoli and mashed potatoes. 
There must a potato famine in philly because they placed a huge tub of broccoli  in the center of the table and left it there for self-serve BUT they walked around with the mashed potatoes serving it on each individual's plate and walking away with the bowl. Like "helllooo...why are you walking away with the rest?" They were lucky I'm a HUGE fan of broccoli.
Dessert was delicious...sweet bread pudding...with delicious syrup. I was soo stuffed it was ridiculous, plus I had like 3 glasses of wine. 
Best part was that my experience was freeeeeeeeee :)
Will I go back? not sure. I still prefer capital grille actually.
But if any shady politician is reading this and wants to take my ass to dinner...holla at me playa playahhh!I enjoy coming here and sitting at the bar. I usually never had a hard time getting a table, the staff are friendly and quick. The drinks are great and I love the interior of this building. The massive red curtains that drapes over the walls and columns are just exquisite. I wish I could get a tour of that towering wine cellar that is one of a kind. 
I've ordered a lot of items here except for steaks, mainly because I'm usually not in a steak mood when I come here. I've enjoyed the salad, lobsters mac n' cheese and other items from the menu. I haven't had a bad experience and I hope to never will because there are a lot of top notch steak house competition in Philadelphia.The service here was awful. I didn't expect much since it was restaurant week but holy ****. It took 20 minutes for the bartender to take my beverage order. Then she set me up for food which I had not ordered.  That being said, I had finished my glass of wine before I got my first course and wasn't offered another beverage until I was done my second course. The steak I ordered medium came out rare, like, very rare... but I didn't want to waste my time asking them to cook it to temperature. I ate the outside and nothing else. The cheesecake? You can buy better at ACME. All around atrocious, the bartenders were clearly fighting about some credit card situation for the entirety of my meal. Don't waste your money. Even if it's restaurant week.Yes, dining at Del Frisco's is a dining experience. Two of our party of five arrived early on Valentines Day evening and were immediately greeted by not one, not two, but three drop-dead GORGEOUS hostesses! We explained that we were early for our reservation so we were offered the choice of three bars where we could have a cocktail. One of the very pleasant hostesses informed that she would direct the others in our party to us when they arrived. We then made our way to the main bar located in one of the most handsome, over-the-top spaces we had ever experienced. Juan, the bartender readily welcomed us and took our drink orders. They promptly arrived and were prepared to perfection. Soon, the hostess brought the others to our location where they ordered drinks from Juan. When we were ready to be seated we were guided to our table and introduced to Michael (?), our server. We found him to be professional yet friendly, efficient, and readily available when we needed him. He explained that, in addition to the regular menu, we could also order off of the Valentine's Day menu. We all chose the latter because the selection was more than adequate. The crusted sea bass was moist, flavorful, and well prepared. The filet's were the best ever, bursting with flavor, tender, and done just as requested. The bone-in rib eye was extraordinary in it's robust flavor, tenderness, and juicyness. The sides of creamed spinach and asparagus were pretty standard steak house fare, yet the potatoes au gratin were especially toothsome. All of the crew that we interacted with were most pleasant and helpful. It was apparent that they were proud of their establishment and wanted their customers to have the best possible experience. It worked for us!I had my first experience at this location for Restaurant Week in 2010. Although not a part of the RW menu, I had the appetizer crab cake and it has been a staple in my dining experience since.
Over the past few months I have become a weekly regular and my next favorite non-steak menu item is definitely the Lobster Mac 'n' Cheese. They have an excellent Happy Hour on Sunday's, and the VIP cocktail is dangerously addictive! I have always receievd excellent service, of all of the employees Lousia at the bar and Andre from the floor staff create the most exceptional experience. I even recieved a $25 dining room credit on a receipt from the bar last week, which is activated after taking a quick survey. You really can't beat the ambiance anywhere in the area. But most importantly, ever cut of steak I have ordered has come out perfectly. This location truly has everything you could ask for in a fine dining experience.Mesmerizing experience. The atmosphere and vibe is grandeur. The best stake I ever had so far. The place used to be Philadelphia Bank before, they turned into a Steakhouse. Awesome service awesome food.Best lobster mac and cheese in the city..bread is amazing..everything I've ever had has been top notch. You're getting what you pay for though..get someone to take you. It's gorgeous in there too so it is a great date place.My wife and I were able to get out of the house for the first time since our newborn and we decided to visit Del Friscos over the weekend, and could not have been more disappointed. While we enjoyed the appetizers we were disappointed with the Lobster Bisque. It was seasoned with so much pepper that we couldn't eat it, which is an odd thing to say about a bisque. Luckily our server noticed how much we were displeased with the soup and on his own removed it from our check. Next came the main meal, which was a steak with mashed potatoes on the side. Once again, the potatoes were so over seasoned with pepper they could not be eaten. The steak was mediocre and seemed like the internal temp of the meat was different depending on where you cut it, ranging from mid rare, blue rare, to raw as you came close to the bone. Once again our server noticed that the potatoes went untouched and removed from the check without us saying anything. Finally came dessert for my wife, she could only eat the inside of the cake she ordered as there was some weird crust on the outside. When we spoke to the manager we were made to feel like its due to our taste, as she laughed and noted "That's what we are known for". We go to steak houses very often and I have never had an experience like this. With all of the good places around, I would suggest skipping Del Friscos.I was traveling for work yeterday and decided to give this place a try (i had heard great things from friends.
The place is huge! Has several floors. It uses to be a bank before, you can even see the old vault! Not only qas the decoration great, but i was incredibly impresses with the food and wine selecion (they had a three story wine room, the list was endless!). We ordered the del friscos reserve (a cab from a small winery in sonoma, quite bold). For dinner, i ordered an 8oz portion of fillet mignon medium rare (it wascooke to perfection, juicy and red in the middle). The side dishes were insanely good as well: creamed spinach (very creamy, bacon and garlic gave it an addicting flavor), asparragus, lobster mac and cheese (to die for! Great flavor of lobser and a creamy, strong flavores cheese).
Aside from the wine, they had good drinks (i had the vip martini, which had pineapple and vodka).
Im so happy they also have this restaurant in dallas and houston, cant wait to go again!It's all love in there. Had an incredible meal with my boyfriend - he lives in Philly, and frequents Del Frisco's with his buddies (frisky's as he lovingly refers to it), and has a foolproof method of ordering. I have to say, he's on the money. He and his pops are steak connoisseur Go with his recipe for ordering, and I guarantee you will have a stellar experience...(we shared everything I'm about to list, including the steak, and it was MORE than enough...I felt that steak holding on to me for days)
CRAB CAKE APPETIZER. Just do it. In a sauce that I just wanted to drink. 
BONE IN RIBEYE, MEDIUM RARE. A steak I will dream about, forever. The filet mignon or some other cut may sound tempting, but that bone gives this steak flavor like you've never had before. The steak was perfectly crispy on the outside, and juicy and tender in the middle. 
LOBSTER MAC. Crack. Just so addicting. My little fork kept spooning more onto my plate, until I finally gave up and just ate straight out of the dish. I was overpowered, and just could not stop shoveling. 
If this isn't enough food for you, than you're my hero. We also got the spinach (at my suggestion), which was entirely not worth it. I wanted a vegetable so I could feel semi-good about myself, but it turned out to be creamed with bacon. Not the best. 
Plan to workout the next day.Average steakhouse.
Went here for restaurant week lunch and ended up going with the regular "executive menu" instead. I can say that the reviews that I read up leading to my first visit here were over hyped. 
Upon entering the restaurant, the hostess was very friendly and seated us by a table next to an enormous pillar. Though the seating was in nice view of the televisions by the bar, I still felt cramped for even though there were not many people around us. Perhaps it was due to an increased number of tables for restaurant week, but there was something to be desired in terms of space.
Although we originally intended to select options from the restaurant week menu, my friend and I instead chose the executive lunch menu which was ten dollars more but offered a much better value (primarily the filet mignon). When the food finally came, the caesar salad was ok, but nothing spectacular. I have a feeling the croutons were the same ones from the bread we were served a few moments earlier just hardened. The filet mignon was cooked to the right temperature, but definitely not the best steak I've had in Philly. The dessert was surprisingly better than the filet mignon and the strawberry cheesecake was better than recent cheesecakes from memory.
Overall, the best part of the dining experience was the interior decor and I feel that most of the prices on the menu reflect this to some extent. 
Pros: amazing interior design, friendly service, great place for a romantic date
Cons: overpriced for the hype, definitely not the best steakhouse in PhillyThey know how to take the reservation .. but apparently can't figure out what to do with the reservation!!  Seems to be an issue here. .. you call, email, text, submit your reservation weeks in advance and when you get there you're still stuck standing around waiting for 10-15 minutes and get attitude from the hostess station.  No apologies, no explanations, nothing.  You find out that the paperwork you submitted for a group setting really makes no difference.  They still can't bring the proper menu or figure out what they are doing.  With all of the steak houses and other restaurants in Philly, we'll be having our holiday luncheon elsewhere from now one.  Fool me once ... shame on you .. fool me twice and I'm an idiot for even thinking this place is worth trying again.  I've been there half a dozen times and can honestly say, no more.This place is beautiful and the ambiance very nice for a steakhouse. Arrived with a reservation, which is recommended because this place is busy. Red tablecloths and nice red leather seats are comfortable.  The service is good as you would expect.
Ordered signature drink the VIP and no kidding the best drink I have ever had!  I would come back just for the bar!
Bread is okay, whole loaf with butter. This review is for restaurant week menu. We had the soup of the day which was chicken noodle, small cup. The salad was good but obvious the portions smaller for restaurant week. For entrees we had salmon and fillet medallion s but the sauce was overpowering. Next time I would order it without.
For dessert cheesecake with pecan crust really delish, the chocolate mousse meh? $100 for 2 with drinks. But pricey but real nice place, will return.My cousins and I went here for restaurant week 2018. We arrived 15 mins early but were seated within a couple minutes. Our waiter was not friendly or welcoming. Instead, she made us feel uncomfortable to the point where we wanted to leave. We didn't expect much since it was restaurant week and everything was busy, but it shouldn't have been that bad of an experience for us. I got the Caesar salad, filet mignon, and chocolate mousse dessert. The food was mediocre. I wouldn't go back here especially if it wasn't restaurant week.We had dinner at Del Frisco's over the weekend and the service was good.  My date ordered the bone-in ribeye, which came out great. And I ordered the porterhouse, which had a lot of black pepper favoring on it. I will order the ribeye next time.
Overall, the dinner was great.Boy oh boy! What meal!!!
    Ok so I went to Del Friscoes today hoping to take advantage of Restaurant week. We entered, and were greeted by the host staff who were a tad bit snobbish, but very professional looking. After a hostess went back and forth with someone on the phone regarding seating us at table 97, we were finally led to the table. This restaurant is HUGE! And BEAUTIFUL! The bar was one of the best fully stocked bars I had ever seen in my life! There appeared to be three floors with beautiful red curtains and a few potted palm plants all over. It kind of reminds you of an ancient Roman palace :-). 
     Our server (Lorne? Lauren?) was delightful. She drew our attention to the menu as well as a few items that were not on the menu such as the Bone-in Filet, the Filet Trio (3 Filet Medallions each with diff toppings) and the Kansas City Strip Steak. By the time she finished describing the menu selections, my friend and I said the hell with Restaurant Week, and ordered off of the regular menu. Our server did a great job with her recommendations, even going as far as saying that if we didn't care for an item she suggested, she'd replace it with something else we might like. That was a great touch:-). 
     I ordered the Pomegranate Martini, Crab Cake, 12 oz Filet and Cheescake w/ Strawberry Sauce. My guest ordered the Shrimp Cocktail and the Kansas Strip. We both shared the Lobster Mac and Potatoes Au Gratin (which they served us family style). 
Pomegranate Martini- DELICIOUS! Perfect Blend of sweet and sour, deliciously garnished with a blackberry.
 Crab Cake- DELICIOUS! Accompanied by a Spicy Cajun Tartar Sauce (which actually wasn't all that spicy but that worked for me)
Shrimp Cocktail- Good- shrimp were huge, however the cocktail sauce was already poured over the shrimp as opposed to being on the side. Definitely added to the plate presentation, but I would have preferred for it to be on the side. 
12oz Filet- DELICIOUS! Great size and cooked the way I asked (medium) Needed jus a tad bit more flavor....
Kansas Strip- NEVER HAD A STRIP LIKE THAT IN MY LIFE! My friend ordered medium well, but it definitely was more on the medium well side. I tasted it and really enjoyed it I don't know what seasonings they used on that steak but I yearned for them to do the same for my filet lol! Although my friend wasn't 100% thrilled with the temp of the steak, by the time he was done, only the bone was left on the plate!
Potatoes Au Gratin- Great! I jus wished that the potatoes were sliced smaller but I enjoyed them never the less. 
Lobster Mac - Good to me/ Great to my guest. The Mac was good, however I'm all Lobster/ Seafood Mac'd out lol. I've eaten too much of it from other restaurants and no longer care for it. I will say that the huge chunks of lobster are prevalent throughout the entire dish.
Cheesecake- LETS JUST SAY THAT IF HEAVEN COULD BE A SLICE OF ANYTHING- THEN IT WOULDA BEEN THIS CHEESECAKE!!! Oh man it was soooo good! It was light and airy as opposed to the overly rich n firm texture of other restaurants. The crust wasn't your typical graham cracker crust, instead it was made of pecans. Topped with a fresh strawberry and placed atop strawberry sauce and more strawberries. The best Cheescake I have ever had in my life. 
All in all I give my visit 4.5 stars. Some of the drawbacks were :
          The steaks coming out on an EXTREMELY HOT PLATE!!! I mean HOT. My friend touched it by mistake and I think I heard his index finger sizzle....
           The server took too long checking back and clearing/ crumbling the table, and did not offer another martini when the glass was half full. 
            The Kansas Steak was not cooked at the temp that my friend asked it to be- although the gentleman who bought the steaks did ask us to cut into the middle of the steaks, my foolish friend cut on the side and didn't realize until he already started eating it.
            The music, while nice, did not match the decor at all! I would have preferred more of a contemporary jazz or classical music as opposed to random pop songs. 
 I would def come back!This place is literally off the hook! I went here with a couple of friends a little while back and boy were my expectations met and then some. We got the lobster mac and cheese which is honestly probably the best I have ever had! Then for my main course I has the lamb chops with a sweet sauce that was absolutely bonkers. It was so good that I literally thought I was in heaven. We also got the shellfish plateau and it was awesome! Basically everything here was awesome including the service so this is a must check out place if you are in the philly area and want to dish out a little cash for some amazing food!I loved this place. I went with a date. Good choice for him. Great drinks(very strong fyi). The food was to die for the gnocchi crab side is a must! Its pricey but that was what was expected. It was extremely large inside I was not expecting such a large and loud place but it was enjoyable.If you haven't been I suggest you go. It's ridiculous how great this place is. I'm hooked!What can I say about Del Frisco's that hasn't already been said. This experience was amazing. Our waitress Candy was on top of everything and made sure we wanted for nothing. The food goes without saying was everything that I expected it to be. We started with the crab cakes and calamari. Our main course was lamb, and 2 bone in rib eye steaks. (The cow who gave his life for that steak is the real mvp along with the chef tonight). Our sides were cream corn, lobster mac and cheese, and potatoes. Again I have to stress how amazing every bite of food was. For drinks I had VIP and old fashion. To end the night I did my best with the amazing lemon cake. Words can't describe. Also before I forget I shout out to the bathroom attendant James he was on top of things over there. Lastly the valet service was on point even if he did adjust my car seat. Del Frisco thanks for an amazing night.First, I should preface that I am by no means a carnivore or expert in anything steak or steak-related. In fact, until Del Frisco's, I hadn't had steak in more than 10 years. I'm not a fan of the rubbery, over-cooked version my mom used to make me as a kid. That being said, my husband was hell-bent on checking out Del Frisco's for his birthday dinner. I was hoping there would be some non-steak/veal/pork options for myself, but sadly there were no chicken or pasta dishes and the lobster was like $100. To appease my husband, I decided to give steak a try again and ordered the beef tenderloin or beef medalions, which were like little cubes of steak. It was served with their special mashed potatoes. After that meal, I'm proud to say I'm back to eating steak. It was one of the best meals I ever had. The beef was so tender it practically melt in my mouth (I couldn't bear to ask for ketchup at a steak house and I'm glad I didn't!). The beef came with a warm brie sauce (which I strongly suggest you order on the side). I'm not a huge fan of brie, but the combination worked quite nicely as a dipping sauce. The mashed potatoes were to die for. However, the side of mushrooms were cold and forgettable. I also ordered a salad wedge which was cold, crisp and quite good. The bread didn't seem as special as everyone made it out to be -- but it was quite good. Soft and warm and definitely devoured. My husband got the seafood soup, which he loved. And the 12-ounce filet mignon, which was also good. He got a side of onion rings, which were so huge he only ate two or three, but they were good too. For dessert, I thought it was a nice touch that they gave us a $10 piece (or slab -- it was huge!) of butterscotch cheesecake on the house, when I mentioned it was my husband's birthday. It was SO GOOD. The butterscotch and what tasted like a Heath-bar type of crunch on the crust, was to die for. Now, for the service -- EXTREMELY attentive, almost overbearing, on the night we went (it was still fairly early evening on a Friday night and there weren't many tables). People were constantly checking on us and asking how our meal was and were we having a good time. We felt like VIPs or something. It did get a little annoying but I appreciated the attentiveness. My only complaint was that we were seated on the main floor, and it looked like there was no separation between the bar area and the dining area. As it was happy hour on a Friday, the place was booming with bar-goers who seemed to filter out into the dinner crowd...there was no buffer there, and it was quite loud. That is something they should definitely fix. But really I don't have any complaints, except the restaurant is very pricey. But for a special occasion or even just a nice dinner out when you've saved some cash, I highly recommend Del Frisco's. As I said, it was one of the better meals I've had and completely restored my faith in red meat!Came here for a birthday dinner.  Server was fantastic.  Food came out nice and hot.  The food was very very tasty.  Brought it home and ate it for lunch 2 days later and it still tasted amazing.  Atmosphere was very nice.  And we got a nice birthday dessert (butter cake and a chocolate cake).  Very nice restaurant.  I recommend it!!Great food awful service. I understand they're short staffed but it took an hour for food to come and no one to ask for water. Waitress disappears and does not check in. For the price, I've had better service in local diners.
That being said the food is amazing. Try to go on a weekday.If you're into big hunks of meat this is really the spot for you.  Perfectly cooked steak and excellent wine.  It's not really great for a date spot just the level of music/noise.  I thought the strawberry cheesecake was the best I had.I am blown away by the fact that people have rated this restaurant under 5 stars. The food is delicious and high quality. I ordered the thick bacon dish and cheesesteak pops for appetizers - both were amazing. And I ordered the filet for dinner with a side of lobster Mac and cheese. Everything tasted as well as I could've hoped for! I went with 9 other guests and I know we were all so pleased with our dishes and drinks. The staff was friendly and the bathrooms are fun!You know it's a bad night when a table of 8 has to send 3 steaks back for being undercooked! 
I came down here tonight to take an account to dinner. I figured I am a fan of the NYC chain so what can be different. All I can say is thank God I live in NYC. 
The place was packed and the space was huge. But I am not sure what the problem was tonight. We waited almost 35 minutes for appetizers. Had to ask to order more drinks while we were waiting and it felt like we had zero dialogue with our normal waiter. The only saving grace for my accounts was the very endowed female runners who kept filling water glasses for my clients (yes water).
We had 3 bone in filet specials, 3 22oz specials and two off the menu steaks. All steaks that were returned were  ordered medium. We had one that was still cold in the middle and two that were rare.
After speaking to the waiter and asking what the issue in the kitchen was, it was meant with a snide remark. I asked to speak to a manga her who never appeared. I am completely disgusted that a reliable chain would act in this manner. Never again.Other than the staff seeming a little overwhelmed I had a lovely dinner here. First of all the building itself is beautiful and very grandiose. Make sure to visit the vault downstairs. 
To start the bread is delicious. It doesn't look like anything special but it is perfectly crusty on the outside and soft and warm on the inside. I could eat loaves of those. The Del Salad is also quite good. I really enjoyed the avocado dressing. I'm not a bacon eater but it would be a great salad for bacon lovers as it is served with two huge crispy pieces of bacon plopped on top.
I had the salmon for my entree. It was cooked perfectly and the sauce was quite good. I really enjoyed the pieces of tomato and capers scattered throughout. Even the vegetable sides and potatoes were good. 
For dessert I highly recommend the cheesecake. It is massive and rich and creamy. The chocolate mousse is also velvety and delicious.Del Frisco's probably doesn't need another great review but I am taking this moment to tell you to ask for JR as your waiter. My son and I were celebrating his college graduation and JR was assigned to our table. Very quickly we were laughing and sharing information. I ordered the onion rings because they are amazing but JR went out of his way to bring four sauces with them. Delicious! Dinner was terrific as was the butter cake for dessert. And we even got to meet his brother JP! 
But it really was JR that was the highlight of the evening.I hold a sales meeting for 40 every year in Del Frisco's old "safe" room. Food and service are outstanding and wine selection is excellent. Highly recommend. Last meeting was December 2014.I have been here several times. Beautiful place. Steaks are excellent, no matter which kind you choose. Peppercorn Medallion is my fave. It usually comes with a side of mash.
Oysters on a half shell is great and so is the wonton cheese steaks. Lobster mac and cheese is also very good.
Wait staff/waiters/waitresses are all pleasant. Occasional mix-up's but overall great service.
They have valet parking or a parking lot across the street. Either way parking is about the same price.
Defiantly a great place to try.This is probably my favorite steak house. The steak is always so good and I got the lamb chops and they were delicious as well. I love there Prime pair menu.. the steak and scallop combo is bomb also like the steak and crab cake combo! Love the lobster Mac and cheese! Also like the Caesar salad.  The lobster bisque was good too. The service is always good and I like the atmosphere and interior.Food is superb. Steaks are always cooked to perfection. This is also a good spot to come to after work for some appetizers and cocktails.Good day!
I am no official "foodie," critic, nor a Rachel Ray replica... I'm a South Jersey girl who loves a divine meal as well as a location of grandeur, especially since I own & operate my own photography company!  
I must say I have never written a review for a restaurant, although I have had the opportunity to dine at quite a few gorgeous establishments with delectable delights.  I have dined in my 25 years from Maine, New York, New Jersey, Philadelphia, D.C., Virginia, Florida, to Dallas, Denver, & Waikiki... & I have never been as overwhelmed with a completely satisfying experience from start to finish!  At least not until I dined at Del Frisco's in Philadelphia, PA.! 
I had the luck of being present at my full time job at a boutique hotel when I briefly met the CEO of the restaurant (whose name I will withhold for his privacy).  He generously shared with my coworkers & I what looked to be a standard business card, but upon closer inspection it was a gift card for $150.00!  What a lovely, unexpected surprise!  Working at the front desk of a hotel you get several offers from restaurants in the area, but this was by far the most generous one received. 
I did research on the restaurant & informed my boyfriend of the good news.  (He's the handsome guy who wrote the 1st review for Del Frisco's, Les!)  As he is 6'3" & 200 plus pounds of man he was ecstatic to hear about the chance to dine in a high end steak house!  He is the kind of man that doesn't mind spending money of quality food so the bill came to about $270.00 including a few incredible drinks.  Thanks for splurging a bit baby!  ;  )  
I am writing to say that thanks to the ambiance, the outstanding & kind staff, & the attention to detail... it was worth it!  I will do my best to recall the names of the staff who assisted us as they deserve a round of applause!  In the early portion of our evening while waiting on a table we were tended to by Ms. Akila (forgive me if I misspelled her name she pronounced it 'Ah-kee-la').  She was all smiles, very courteous & I eventually deemed her "Lightening Legs" as she moved faster than light!
Then we were waited on primarily by a wonderful gentleman by the name of Brian.  He was really down to earth, which is very comforting to a gal who has never really been a steak girl.  I knew I was in new territory, but I saw a recommendation on yelp.com from someone who dined at one of their other locations & he suggested the bone in fillet as he said it was the most flavorful... so I went for it!  Brian assured me that it was a great choice so my boyfriend had the same.  We also ordered the supreme spinach (DREAMY) & the mashed potatoes.  
Absolutely everything was breathtaking!  I must also add that we felt as though we were being treated like royalty when our entrees & sides came out.  Since the gift card was from the CEO of the company I didn't bring it out until it came time to pay the bill so that I knew I was getting the "regular couple off of the street" treatment although we dressed up.  As a young woman of an eclectic mix of origins I am very big on observing the treatment of customers in businesses as I no longer frequent those who do not treat customers equally.  My boyfriend & I had no issues whatsoever with their staff.  I was pleased to see diversity in the staff.  It definitely reflects the city's diversity & I applaud the management for that.     
I counted at least four gentlemen who served us simultaneously... that's the kind of service & presentation that I don't mind paying extra for while dining out.  They have set a new bar for restaurants!  They also selected a solid team.  I was informed by Brian that there was a four week training process & it shows in the end result.  
Thanks to the incredible impression that experience left upon me I have mentioned the restaurant every time a guest mentions dining out!  If anyone who has never been to Philadelphia is reading this please know that there are HUNDREDS of excellent restaurants that offer a delicious meal in the city, so it's not as if there's slim pickings!  I even recommended Del Frisco's to one of the toughest restaurant/business critics I know... my Mom!  Once Brian showed me the Vault room I knew I had to bring her to dine & take a tour as well.  She wants to visit Del Frisco's during the holidays & she said that that meal will be my Christmas present to her!  The building has such a dramatic presence & I thought that she could definitely host some of her many meetings there.
If you are looking to take someone out in Philadelphia & see a spectacular bit of architecture while eating the most divine dishes & being treated perfectly... you have to look no further!  It's one of those places men should propose to their special ladies in... he gets a hearty "man meal" &  she gets to be proposed to while be waited on by a bunch of men... isn't life grand?!  Hahaha!What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said! The restaurant is absolutely gorgeous! It is a sight to be seen, absolutely amazing.  However, service was a little slow during restaurant week.  It was almost 45 minutes between our appetizer and main course.  Granted we had a large group, but it was a little excessive.  Another issue was the quality of the steaks and my salmon when it came out.  They made a huge deal about how we wanted our entrees cooked and when they came out everyone's was completely different than what they had ordered?! I ordered my salmon very well done and it came out cold in the middle...  Once they brought my salmon after they re-cooked, it was absolutely delicious!  Might give it another try on a very, very special occassion.  Prices are sky high, be prepared!Del Frisco's is one of the best steakhouses I've ever been to...and I've been to a few. On our last visit we had a great experience, the food was tasty, well seasoned and our steaks cooked to perfection. If you're only going to get one side (though you'll probably get more), we'd recommend the lobster mac & cheese. The sauce is delicious and the lobster plentiful. It can get busy sometimes so we'd also recommend that you make a reservation.The food here at Del Frisco's was actually pretty great. I ordered the tomato basil soup, filet mignon (rare with a warm center), and the cheesecake. The clear star of the meal was the filet mignon (as it should be), as the meat was tender and fresh and not overcooked. However, the meat was over-seasoned with black pepper to the point where it overpowered the actual filet mignon. The appetizer and dessert were both good, but nothing too memorable. 
The main issue I have with Del Frisco's (hence the three stars), is their service and overall execution of the dining experience. First, is the clear discrepency in decor between the lower and upper level. It truly feels as if there are two separate restaurants in the same building. Secondly, after being seated at 6pm, we had to wait over half an hour before our server was even in sight. We were practically jumping out of our seats just to flag someone down. Even with our waiter, we were not served our appetizers until an hour after we ordered. For an upscale restaurant such as Del Frisco's, which prizes itself on "unparalleled hospitality", they clearly need some more work in this area.My favorite steakhouse! Consistently delicious steak, friendly staff and fantastic wine selection. Either sit down dining or grabbing some appetizers and drinks at the bar you really can't go wrong. 
Dress is on the nicer side and reservations are a must!Terrible service. Will never go back. Sat down at the bar on Tuesday night, August 14th, and slow doesn't do it justice - Not a very busy night. 
Bartender approaches immediately and immediately I know what I want to eat and drink so I ordered immediately. 45 minutes later, somehow my food is still not in front of me. I inquire with a different bartender, who looks at the slip and is visibly taken back when he checks the time on the ticket. He then try's to tell me it's because there is a bone in the lamb and it takes longer to cook...interesting. So, I say that's fine. How much longer? He says 1 or 2 mins max. I take that for 5 mins and say that's fine and thank you. Literally 10 mins go by and I wave down the same bartender to say "just cash me out for what I've consumed" He states "we're plating your food now" And walks away as to go check on the order. Few mins later I had to wave the first bartender down to just cash me out for what I've consumed and she's almost begging me to not cash out.  I respectfully declined, cashed out and left an exact 20% tip on what I consumed only to notice I did not have an itemized receipt. Again, I need to wave a bartender down on a night where there is nobody there just to get an itemized receipt. Unreal. She brings the itemized receipt and almost throws it at me. Nice. No apology, by rather complete arrogance. No offer to comp anything just an all my fault attitude because I was tired of waiting an hour for my food. 
Here's a free tip...If it takes an hour for certain meals, that should be disclosed a head of time. Good riddance!Del Frisco's is all bark and no bite.  
The steaks are not remotely on par with other steakhouses in the city (outside of price) and the wine for the most part is on a 300+% premium, which is significantly more than most restaurants in the city.   
If you look forward to a poorly designed 24,000 sq ft space where your table is almost touching your neighbor, come here.  If you enjoy sending your steak back because it's OK for a new steakhouse to "work on their kitchen" even though you paid at minimum $36 a steak, DF is the best place to do so.  They will probably comp the whole check!
With so many steakhouses in the city, there is little point in spending your money here unless you're dead set on impressing your friends with the enormity of the space.
Fellow Yelpers, how often do you trust a restaurant where most good reviews were written by someone with 2 or fewer reviews who has not  written since their review of DF?   The picture posted by a "reviewer" here on Yelp isn't even from the same location!  Don't let the marketing machine here fool you.  (reference their TripAdvisor review as well) 
btw...their "signature" cocktail is a lesser (Smirnoff) version of the Stoli Doli at Capital Grille which has had the same cocktail (with less pineapple juice) longer than DF has even been in existence.Came highly recommended and did not disappoint. Salads to start. Delicious loaf of sesame bread with nicely whipped butter on the side. Gabrielle, our waitress was excellent and well-versed in the menu. E went for the short ribs and I chose an 18 oz lobster tail with the gnocchi with crab meat on the side. The gnocchi melts in your mouth and the lobster was sweet, tender and juicy. We finished the meal with the banana bread pudding and warm butter cake. Everything was perfect.