My husband and I made a reservation through OpenTable thinking that it was for the original Del Frisco's. Well, to our surprise upon arrival our reservation was actually for the Grille. Best mistake EVER!!! Everything from the casual ambiance, to the food, to the service was impeccable. Our sever for the evening was Nanda. BEST SEVER EVERRRR! If you dine at this establishment, be sure to request to sit in her section. She was so entertaining and made great recommendations for menu suggestions. I will definitely be back soon.Service was nice! Truffle Mac and cheese was the best, I really enjoyed it. And drinks.... you will not be disappointed wat so ever.! Great happy hour spot.The food was fantastic! I took my wife there for our anniversary and we had a great time our server was awesome she was constantly checking on us to make sure everything was ok. She did a fabulous job. I got the seared Ahi and it was delicious, my wife got the filet and she enjoyed it as well. The manager Alex Jordan came over, to speak with us. We felt very welcomed. Thank you for a wonderful anniversary! We will definitely be returning.Stop in check out the the new grille on Monday.  It's like a newer and more causal concept of the double eagles, but you still can get a lot of the double eagles menu with a few bar food items like wings added.  Got a spot at the bar and got the attention of a bartender right away. Service is great the rest of my stay.  Order a few appetizers to test out their menu so I got the tuna tacos, baked goat cheese and the mushroom flat bread on the recommendation of the bar tender.  Tuna was very fresh and the sauce has a little kick but the guacamole balance it out.  The goat cheese was warm and top with fresh figs, pistachio, cranberry, and I don't remember the sauce but it's sweet and gooey.  Went well with the butter toasted baguette and a great started for sharing.  The mushroom flat bread had had a very tasty topping of caramelized shallots, sauté spinach, and a hint of truffle.  The only thing that could be improve on is the flat bread.  It needs to be decided whether to be crispy or chewy, because the way it is now you can't really eat the edges because it's too hard and the center took me about 20 chews before I can swallow.  I thought I was eating bubble gum. I guess that is what people say you should do if you want to eat less, and it's supposed to be healthier for you.  However, I like my flat bread crispy...or chewy but not both.  Will definitely go back for the service, and might even give the flat bread another try.  Cheers!We came here for lunch midweek. The staff was attentive and helpful. We got the ahi tacos and cheesesteak egg rolls top start and couldn't finish our prime burgers! The Honeymoon in Paris cocktail was super tasty! Mmm lavender...
All in all a great midday date!Friendly service, delicious food and great ambiance in a prime location by City Hall.  We enjoyed our brunch with unique twists on classic brunch items.  Definitely recommend the pineapple vodka cocktail.We enjoyed a great pre theatre brunch! Location is perfect - literally across the street from the Academy of Music. We were immediately greeted by a person upon entering the restaurant @11A and quickly seated.  Our waitress was super sweet, regularly filling our water glasses and checking in on us. I got the eggs in purgatory a Bloody Mary and a cup of coffee. The eggs were delicious and so hearty: 3 perfectly cooked soft boiled eggs (firm whites with soft centers) in a delicious tomato sauce with toasted flatbread. I'm totally ordering it again!  Both the coffee and the Blood Mary (with a hint of spice) were strong. Precisely what I like! My friend got the grain bowl and loved it. We shared the red velvet waffle which was fine - not that memorable. Hence the 4 stars. 
Brunch prices averaged $15, the ambiance is similar to a high end hotel resto and you were also given the option of the regular lunch menu at brunch. Totally recommend!We tried this since we had Kimmel Center tickets. Food was excellent, but the music and noise were so loud I could not hear the waitress, or my dining partner. Rock music seems inappropriate for this type of establishment.Went last night for a nice relaxing dinner out and was so pleased with every aspect of food, service and ambiance.  I had the delicious ribeye and he had chicken. Both meats were very flavorful and his came with a sauce that was perfect with the mashed potato and asparagus. We also had crab cake and artichoke beignets which were fabulous. After finding that the lemon cake was not available for dessert, we shared the Nutella bread pudding with coffee ice cream, and a lovely caramel sauce (which he managed to sop up before I could get more than a bite or two!)
Everything was so good. Atmosphere was nice in our seating area on a Sunday night even though there were a few couples and parties of 4 or 5 nearby - perfect. Our server was a delight as well, giving recommendations and refilling our drinks quickly.  As we were leaving I noticed several people at the bar where it is possible to view Broad Street from the large front window or watch TV. 
I don't often go out for dinner on a Sunday night - but if I can avoid the crowds and have a 5 star experience like this, I'll do it every weekend! Can't wait to return for that lemon cake!
One tiny old lady rant - it was hard to see the menu due to the low lighting...even with my "cheaters" lol. You may need your iPhone flashlight.I came for brunch with my boyfriend. We were seated right away. There is plenty of space; doesn't feel crowded like you are sitting on top of people. I love the decor.  
I ordered the quinoa vegetable bowl- it's served with poached eggs which I don't eat. I asked for scrambled eggs. At first the waiter said the chef can't do that. I needed more time to decide what else I wanted. Then the waiter came back and said it was fine. The bowl was good. I asked for the dressing on the side but it came served with dressing. The bowl had a lot of different vegetables, all fresh. 
My boyfriend enjoyed the burger. I think he said it was small; not overly filling. The sweet potato fries were delicious! So so good. 
Overall average dining experience. Would considering coming back.I had such high hopes for this restaurant ... smh. The food was just ok (it doesn't compare to the steakhouse AT ALL) FYI ... The the prices are only slightly cheaper than the steakhouse. 
The VIP was terrible, instead of marinating the pineapples in vodka , it tastes like they used canned pineapple juice. 
The appetizer cheesesteak roll was just ok .. nothing special 
The grille salad was just ok ... nothing special, the dressing was bland, the vegetables were not ice cold but and the bacon was cold
The fish and chips were ok ... shoestring fries were very greasy  
The caramel pot was SUPER sweet .. I thought it was barely edible but my husband enjoyed it. 
A deal breaker for me ... I hate being rushed.
- I assumed it was a manager who came over and asked if we enjoyed our drinks, before I could respond he picked up my empty martini glass , asked was I finished then said ... we could use this , we are running out of martini glasses? 
- I pushed my salad away, i honestly didn't enjoy it, but my husband was still eating his fish and chips. The server came over and asked if I wanted my salad boxed, I said no thank you. The server starts to clear the table, including taking the condiments that came with my husbands meal from the table .... even though my husband was still eating. 
-  as the dessert was being placed on the table, the bill was also placed on the table.... I HATE feeling rushed. 
In conclusion.... I will not returnThe good:
*Som was very helpful.
*Steaks were cooked to the right temperature.
*Waitress was polite and friendly. 
*Host was accommodating to our early arrival.
*Manager interaction was pleasant. 
The bad:
*Manager interaction was needed for lack of training of staff on the different cuts of meat. Prime rib roast vs. rare ribeye
*Food runners had no idea what and to whom they were bringing food to. We ordered two ribeyes and a scallop dish, one meat was rare the other medium rare.
How do you run out of mashed potatoes at 9:15 on a Saturday night.
*Scallops were small for $35 price and overcooked. 
*Having the service bar right next to our table was very annoying. At one point there were 6 servers chit chatting with the bartender during our meal. One of them was really crowding our table because there was not enough room for them.
*Ticket times were pretty long for enteés and desserts. It took over 20-25 min to get two cold desserts. 
I actually stopped going to Del Frisco's, on 15th and Chestnut, because of bad service and poor food preparation. I was hoping to have a better experience for a $239.32+tip dinner here. Obviously, Del Frisco's Grill is following its sister restaurant in bad service.Today was my first time at the restaurant and the service was horrible. While awaiting myself and husband's food, one of the waitresses bring my soup over. While eating I just so happen to turn around being observant, I watched the waitress after walking around touching on everything grab a tortilla for the soup she was about to serve, crumble it up and put it in the soup with her bare hands and serve it to a customer. I pulled the waitress to the side because I did not want to get her in any trouble but did want to address what I had just witnessed. I did advise the waitress that when dealing with and handling people food, she should wear gloves especially when walking around and touching on everything. She immediately apologized and said she understood and would do so and we left it at that. She went to the restroom and was gone for a little while, then came out of the restroom with another young lady which whom she was speaking and that young lady threw her hands up in the air as if to say "who cares". Ten minutes later a tall gentleman in a suit came over, No Introduction, No Hi or Hello, No I'm the Manager, No is Everyone Okay, No What Happened.. He just walked over, turned back and asked the young lady was this the table and turned back to us and said "As Far as I Know, There are No Gloves Required When Handling or Touching The Plates". Me and my husband looked at one another in confusion and said what are you talking about, that's not what happened and I explained to him and he said ok, I'll talk to her. No apology, Not a "It Won't Happen Again...Nothing. I immediately became upset because that's not how you approach a customer or client, especially being a Manager of the establishment and when the waitress came over and asked about our food that we hadn't even touched, I Expressed everything to her. She walked off and I guess spoke with the Manager..who then walked back out passed us, then eventually came back with a business card and apologized because he didn't feel there was an introduction needed because we had already spoken earlier in regards to "No Gloves Being Needed When Serving Food". Me and my husband we're confused again, because we NEVER spoke..this is our first time here. He apologized and said he thought we had already spoken and left us with a card. We called corporate and spoke to someone and the GM Leo gave us a call back and sincerely apologized and offered for us to come back with dessert or an appetizer on him. I appreciate it but this was it for me, that first impression was ever lasting and I won't be returning.What a welcome addition to Broad Street!  Gorgeous venue, wonderful staff, great food. Awesome private party space.After getting out of a play, we did a walk in here. Ahi tuna tacos, seared scallops, crab cake. Food was great, fast, and great service. We will definitely come back.I visited on a double date lunch and I wasn't impressed.  The steak was delicious.  My salmon dish was extremely bland but very fresh.  Charcuterie board was divine.  Prices were astronomical But the food to me was meh.  I like restaurant menus that have more choices available. Overall it was a nice ambiance and experience the place was practically empty .If you are looking for a fun spin on the legendary steaks and service at Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steakhouse, Del Frisco's Grille won't disappoint.  Start with a VIP cocktail (or two!), a house specialty.  Move on to the inventive appetizers.  Then pick from one of their great entrees.  The steakhouse salad is satisfying and flavorful.  The scallops are perfectly prepared.  The steaks are what you'd expect from Del Frisco's (the filet melts in your mouth like butter).  And their cheeseburger is everything a Big Mac wishes it could be (you have got to try it!).  Finally, don't leave without having a piece of the (shareable) lemon cake.  Whether you are on a date, catching a show at the Kimmel Center (right across the street!), or entertaining friends, Del Frisco's Grille hits the mark.I recently went here for restaurant week for a date night. I got the Artichoke Beignets, Prime Beef Short Rib Stroganoff, and the Peanut Butter Chocolate Pie. All were absolutely delicious. The artichoke beignets were soft and cheesy. The stroganoff was flavorful and the noodles were very good. The peanut butter chocolate pie was good too, it was small I think because of restaurant week. Definitely recommend! It's not a fancy dress place but a little nicer than casual!Del Frisco's has a nerve! I told them their food and service was terrible and they ask me to come out for Valentine's Day. Not on your life. They will never received another dime from me.New addition to Broad Street and I love it. Went for a business luncheon and everything was delicious. Fish Tacos were amazing. Allison our server was professional,knowledgeable and couldn't have been any nicer.EXCELLENT! customer service is on point. Servers and hostess very friendly and nice. My boss and I both ordered steaks that were PERFECT. Taste was great. Atmosphere was good. I'd definitely eat here again. Why aren't these in Florida yet!?Enjoyed dinner here over the weekend. First time dining Del Frisco's heard many peoples view. Our waitress Cash was very detailed with menu every question answered She gave her choice of cocktails on the spot. Crab cakes as appetizer also was an amazing. Will we return? Yes.On Feb. 21, my best friend and I shared our birthday together at Del Frisco's Grille. (We have celebrated our birthdays together for the last 15+ years.) This was our first time at this restaurant. Not only was our experience beyond expectations, but it was enhanced by the friendliness of the staff, (each member by the way signed a birthday card for us), the decadence of the food, the generosity of the warmth and professionalism of the service and management, and the coziness of a private room with which they provided us. It was such a special night and I am still talking about it. Thank you and we will be back!I wish had one of these in my home city but no worries I enjoyed my time here while in Phila. Nice relaxed more vibrant atmosphere compared to double eagle with some of the same menu items. Always good times no matter which city I am in.I went for early dinner/late lunch. The food was good and our server was nice. I would not recommend the coffee or the expresso. A coffee bean was left in my friends cup and my coffee was weak. (Starbucks has better coffee for the price) I would go back again. The cheese steak egg rolls were awesome and so was the beef stroganoffSuper Disappointing. I have been to Del Frisco's Grille in Denver and have always been super impressed. We take our clients there for a great dinner.The Philly version lacked in food quality and especially service. Our server could care less about our experience. We felt like an inconvenience to him. Our steaks were completely over cooked. Asked for a sauce to help the overcooked steak and got A1 sauce in a ramekin. It was truly awful. I would not recommend to anyone.Come here every week.  Bar team always takes care of me.  Great food and terrific classic steakhouse atmosphere.The ambience was beautiful, more of a casual version of the original Del Frisco's. The food was amazing! My fav was the tuna tacos and mushroom flat bread. The drinks were also incredible! Highly recommend, in my opinion it's even better then the original restaurant.Absolutely amazing service and food. Jessica and the managers treated us like rock stars as we celebrated my boyfriend's military retirement today. I cannot say thank you enough. We have been raving about the food all day and we will be back soon. Your whole staff was phenomenal! CHEERS!Came here with a friend to grab drinks before a night of bar hopping and will definitely be back! I opted for their Old Fashioned which was made just right. For food, we chose a flatbread (sausage & pepperoni) and the cheesesteak egg rolls. Both are a must-try! We left perfectly full and the bill wasn't crazy. Service was absolutely excellent at the bar, even on a packed night. Well staffed, so the wait was barely anything. Overall, amazing dining experience.We were surprised Del Frisco's would attach their brand to a concept like this. It felt like a TGI Fridays with Del Frisco pricing. We loved our cheesesteak eggroll app and the burgers were good. But they had run out of prime rib on a Saturday night and the front of the house was not very open or accommodating to our request to change tables. The whole vibe was off and awkward, a mix of families with children, dudes in sweatpants, and girls in leather minidresses.The evening was planned.
Leave work early, lunch, then wander the city for a bit before checking into our hotel, (we stayed at Sofitel).  Shower, relax a bit, then dinner at Del Fresco Grille before walking over to the Kimmel to see Alvin Ailey. Afterwards, maybe a drink, then back to the hotel.  Next day, brunch, then an art gallery with friends....etc.
A wonderful evening that even the light rain couldn't ruin.  We both live in Philadelphia but never actually stayed in the city.  So, it was something fun and special to do with your SO.
Right?!
The evening was awesome, fun, everything I could possibly want.
The weakest part of the evening?  
Del Fresco Grille.
The restaurant looks great, I love the feel of it, sophisticated but relaxed. 
Service from our waitress from spot-on, she was efficient, chatty but not overbearing, knowledgable and free with her answers. 
The menu was interesting without a lot of filler or randomness to it.  I could appreciate the more simplistic dishes and even the items that were a bit more complicated made sense. 
We had the Guacamole - Hand-Mashed Avocado, Crisp Corn Tortilla Chips. Kale & Brussels sprout Salad w/chicken - Roasted Almonds, Dried Cranberries, Orange Segments, Shaved Manchego, Creole Mustard Vinaigrette along with Grille Prime Cheeseburger - Doubled-Stacked USDA Prime Beef Patties, American Cheese, Lettuce, Red Onion, Sloppy Sauce, Tomato, Pickle.
The presentation was awesome, the salad was honestly gorgeous. I was almost excited to eat it!
The guacamole was ice cold with large chunks of avocado. Which I was pleased with, I don't like my guac to be totally smashed. It would be nice if the chips were a bit more hardy, they kept breaking. Sadly, the guac was bland, very bland and it tasted of nothing.
I brushed it off and called it a one-off, we continued with our meal 
As I said when I saw the salad I was excited but sadly the salad offered more of the same bland taste of the guacamole. Which was incredibly surprising given the ingredients.  I was expecting SO much more in flavor.
However, the food was incredibly bland. I have high blood so I'm aware of my salt intake and I normally do not cook with salt if I do, I use very little.  
SO was equally unimpressed with his food selection as well.  I'm not sure if it was just a bad evening for them or.....but I was not impressed.Just don't go! It was so bad; I don't really know where to start. We had a 6:30 reservation and even though we arrived early they sat us right away which was nice but it was in a terrible location near where the wait staff constantly goes to get everything needed to reset the table. Then the waiter drops off the drink menu to us but doesn't know any of the seasonal beers so he leaves to find them out; once he tells us we don't see him again for another 10 minutes because he was dealing with another issue. We finally place our order and don't see any food until 7:20 almost an hour after our reservation and I even asked for bread (which was terrible too once it did arrive). Once we finally received our food, I see an avocado skin with a sticker on it in my salad and my boyfriend's pork was overdone and dry. We complained to the server who said he would get management which took another 10 minutes for a manager to arrive. While waiting for the manager, we asked for our dessert which we were told would be right out and then 10 minutes later were told they were out of. Thankfully, our dinner was comped so we didn't have to pay for this disaster of a dinner but I would seriously suggest so many other wonderful restaurants in the city than to ever tell someone to give this place a chance!Visited for our first time for our anniversary and the service was great but the food was horrible we ordered cheesesteak egg rolls they were good and we ordered the pepperoni and cheese flatbread it was hard and chewy it tasted like a microwaveable pizza. The vip drink was delicious And the inside is really nice. Also ordered the filet burger the bun tasted stale and the French fries were horrible. While we were sitting there one of the waiters walked by the cooking station and took a few French fries and ate them I guess because we were the only ones in the restaurant eating they thought no one would see. I was excited to go try it out but I ended up disappointed.Very loud, "Top 40" rock music is blasted throughout the restaurant. We complained, and were told that the sound level is dictated by the corporate office and there is nothing they can do about it! We had to strain to hear each other. The friends, whom we came with, ordered coffee, which arrived cold. The waitress asked if everything was OK, and they said, "the coffee is cold." She answered, "That's great!" I don't know if she couldn't hear what they said, because of the loud music, or if she was just on autopilot. Too bad, because the food was good. But we won't be back.It was ok, got a burger that was really good but the truffle mac & cheese wasnt good at all.. i thought i just might not like truffle but i brought it home to  my mom and she didn't like it either. cheesesteak eggrolls are bomb. i do prefer the first location a lot more. overall not too bad.This place was super disappointing. They ran out of 5 different things we wanted to order by the end of the meal we were just exhausted from asking if they have a particular item or not. Food was meh. Service was nice. Won't come here again.Surprisingly great!
Check your reservations tho, 
It's not the steakhouse*
*after making reservations online, we originally felt hoodwinked by Del Frisco's to go to their "Grille". However, our experience was amazing! Very cool space, great waiter & excellent foodThe Quinn's Filet Burger is one of the best burgers I ever had. Would give  5 stars if not for the expensive cocktails.My husband and I have come here a couple of times and always sat at the bar. 3 times for Saturday brunch/lunch and once at dinner/happy hour. It gets crowded and not all of the guests know the "etiquette" of bar seats (I.e. refrain from taking up seats that are not actively being used). Anywho, the bartenders are all really friendly and attentive and the food has been good. I LOVE the chicken wrap - I actually crave it. My husband has had the burger and cheese steak - but everything they bring out looks really good.The service was okay. The guy at reception desk when we came in look a little frustrated because we came in at 7pm. The wait time wasn't long. The steak was amazing but the Mac&cheese was cold. I just wish the Mac&cheese was hot and fresh.Really wanted it to be a five star review however here it is - the Great, the good and the things they need to work on... 
Del Frisco grill is at a prime location, we got reservations and thank god, because it was 90% full. We checked in and were seated on the top level shortly, it has a huge bar in the middle and the decor is tasteful. Our server was with us shortly a d gave us the food menus. Umm not the drink menus, we asked one of the servers to get us one, she was more than happy to, gave us a drink menu. As she walked away my SO started flipping blank pages of the menu, confused, we bought it to the servers attention and she quickly swapped it out. I get it. It's a new restaurant, still has a few kinks. 
We ordered the VIP drink and a manhattan. The VIP is a vodka cocktail with pineapple. Amazingly refreshing, slightly sweeter. And for the apps we got the cheesesteak egg rolls and the must flatbread. Both of these were simply delicious and set the bar quite high for the entree. 
While we waited for the entree which was the prime cheeseburger and a shareable side of Mac and cheese. We couldn't help but look at the open kitchen. Very efficient, however I didn't see hair nets, kind of odd. 
The Mac and cheese was simply delicious, but the cheeseburger lacked in flavor. 
Will definitely go back for the steak and hopefully a 5  review.Open for business and excellent customer service. Just opened this week and the food is amazing and yes, they have the VIP!Food is ok, the steaks weren't as good as the big delfriscos. The service was horrendous. Our waitress kept forgetting things and she would disappear for long periods of time. We were her only table!Best cheesesteak eggrolls I've every had! 5 stars!I been to Del Frisco's Double Eagle in New York. This restaurant was comfort, more causal then Del Frisco's Double Eagle, with TVs and music. The food was tasty and well cooked. This is a Very good place to eat and I recommend it.This place is the perfect combination of causal dining and top quality food! The service and food were quite excellent! Also, we attended the restaurant during an Eagles playoff game and the atmosphere felt like a hometown bar! It was incredible to feel that way when you're trying to find a place to make you feel like home and a place where you can surround yourself with the Philadelphia culture! Definitely we'll be back soon!!Downgrading to three stars. I've been to this place 5-10 times now, and my visit three weeks ago was enough to make me never return again. My friend and I ordered ahi tuna tacos and a prime rib to share. The ahi tuna tacos--which are usually so good that I'm intensely craving them for hours before my visit--were slightly burned such that the burnt taste overpowered the usual flavor. My friend ordered a margarita and the waitress brought the wrong one, acknowledged she brought the wrong one, and told my friend to try it and if she didn't like it, return it. Um, what? Why not just bring the correct drink when you know you've made a mistake. My friend didn't like the incorrect drink and had to wait for the waitress to return and tell the bartender to make a new one. 
These two issues are forgivable but what really got me is that the prime rib did not have the taste and consistency of their usual prime rib. It was tough and chewy rather than melt-in-your-mouth tender and fatty like every other prime rib I've ordered from this restaurant. We continued to eat while we were waiting for our waiter to return because we were starving, and when we asked her if it was possible that the kitchen hadn't given us a prime rib, she told us that each steak is going to differ. Then she told us that we'd already eaten most of the steak anyways. No attempt to even check with the kitchen if there had been a mistake. Honestly, the thought of returning sounds extremely unappealing if each steak is going to differ to the point where a prime rib might not have the flavor and consistency of a prime rib. Very disappointing experience.Pretty good meal.  We didn't expect restaurant week menus to be available, and they were, so we ordered from there.  Can't beat that value at a steak house.  
I started with the wedge salad, which is pretty standard, and there wasn't anything particularly exciting about this one.  I tried a friend's deviled egg, that was pretty terrific.  I liked the ratio of yolk mixture to white on there, a better deviled egg than many others.
Next was a medium rare fillet, served with mashed potatoes.  It was cooked nicely, and had a tasty crust on it.  The potatoes were dense and seasoned well.  
Dessert was pot de creme, which seems to be popping up on more menus lately.  This one wasn't great, they poured a caramel sauce on the top that seemed to be a bit much.  I think the dish would have been much better if it was just served with the custard underneath.  The sauce had a gritty texture to it, and was overpowering.  
Service was pleasant and quick.Rather rate three and a half stars. 
Pros-Gorgeous decor all around 
Very nice staff
Food was enjoyable 
Con-No happy hourMy wife and I wanted to find a restaurant in the Arts area as we had tix for Book of Mormon.  Del Frisco's Grille popped up. Reservations were simple to make and upon arrival we were seated immediately. Lindsey was attentive and very helpful. Cocktails were well made, served promptly.  Lindsey had suggested the Artichoke Beignets as an app. Six light cheese stuffed puffs in a basil sauce were very good. 
A burger-Bourdreau option was the wife's choice. Minor changes to the menu, no bun, small salad, were made with no problem.  A small complaint of a bit to salty. 
My strip steak was under cooked, but quickly remedied. 
Overall a good experience.Went for lunch with coworkers restaurant looked great but was cold inside, service was a bit slow especially that it's wasn't very busy. Ordered Brussels sprouts, deviled eggs and thought they were bland. The group all ordered salads which were good but for price had higher expectations.Went here to celebrate a birthday. Group of 9 and we got to sit at a round table which was great so we could see and hear each other. The round table seemed like the only one they had at the restaurant. This is a few blocks from the regular Del Frisco. The menu is different with burger options and limited seafood options. 
The VIP martini- pineapples soaked in vodka for 14 days. I like fruity drinks and I liked that it didn't taste sugary. 
Apps-big group so I was able to sample a few things. 
Cheesesteak egg rolls- a bit bland. Personally not a fan of the thick and doughy egg roll skin. Bit heavy. 
Ah tuna tacos- hard taco shells with raw tuna. Didn't have much flavor. They put the sauce on top of the tuna. Think they should of mixed the tuna with the salt and maybe add some salt or soy sauce. Presentation is nice with the drizzle of sauce on top but I rather it be tasty. My friends agreed too. 
Jumbo lump crab cake- this was good! Actual pieces of crab with minimal fillers. The lobster sauce on the bottom is a little spicy but a good spicy. Happy that the recipe was different from the regular del disco. 
 Mushroom Flat bread- strong truffle smell and very cheesy. Anything with truffle is great! It's a light tasting flatbread through. 
Entrees- my friends and I like to share so got to sample my friends food. 
Seared tuna Asian salad- I thought this was suppose to be seared tuna but the tuna was pretty cooked. My friend and I both got this and the tuna was pretty cooked, almost dry. Hint of pink in the very center but pretty white overall. I guess this is how they make their seared tuna. The salad had a lot of peanuts in it, it was too much. There was a lot of dressing which makes it difficult to eat. Initially it seemed good but I had a hard time finishing it. 
Ribeye- they're known to be a steakhouse and they did not disappoint here. Cooked perfectly to the requested temperature. Flavor was buttery! 
Side of truffle Mac and cheese is definitely worth the extra $3. 
Seafood special that was not on the menu with one crab cake, four shrimp and two scallops. Same crab cake and sauce as the appetizer. The shrimp was a bit salty. 
Molten chocolate cake- it was warm and rich in flavor. The chocolate "molten" was not filled inside the cake like most places make it. You can pour however much you want on top of the chocolate cake. They put it candle on it since we were celebrating a birthday. 
Restaurant decor is classy. Large bar area. Good place for groups. Great service. 
It's in center city so it's street or garage parking. I don't believe they validate but didn't ask. Not sure if they valet.This restaurant is officially becoming my spot after going to the theater. It's one of the few restaurants that's open late around this part of Broad Street and the food and ambiance are perfect. One word: ahi tacos. This is, by far, the best item on the menu I've tried so far. The little tacos are filled to the brim with tuna tartare with a layer of guacamole at the bottom. Another favorite is the rib eye steak, which is melt in your mouth tender. 
Overall, the ambiance of this restaurant is perfect--not too loud, friendly waitstaff, and it doesn't feel like the restaurant is trying too hard to be fancy.This is one of my favorite places to go when I don't want to party but I feel like going out. The drinks are great, the energy is high and the menu has a variety of food to where almost everyone can find something they like. I really enjoyed the Spring Tortelloni!Came here for my wife's birthday dinner before a concert at the Kimmel Center. Have to say that the meal and overall experience here was fantastic!!! Our server, Kavit, was truly outstanding!! He was very attentive, had great suggestions for wine and dinner and he and the staff even wrote out a personal birthday card for my wife.  Really probably the best service we've ever had for dinner... and we go out a lot!! Our steaks (Prime NY strip and Filet Mignon) were done perfectly (med-rare) and were so flavorful! The Mac & Cheese and mashed potato sides were also delicious and for dessert, the peanut butter pie was so good!! We'll definitely be going back to try the rest of the menu... so much to choose from!! Many thanks to Kavit and everyone at Del Frisco's Grille for a deliciously memorable meal!!The food we had was actually good; however, my family and me went because it's a steak place. We sat at the table and our server arrived to tell us they were out of almost every steak including the ribs???????  WE WERE TOLD IT WAS A BUSY WEEKEND. I guess nobody told the food and beverage manager it was the weekend before Christmas and the Eagles were playing Dallas at home.  Having a limited supply of a special and running out is one thing, but running out of most cuts of your beef at a steak place - inexcusable.After attempting to get reservations at nearby restaurants for 6 with short notice, we were appreciative that Del Frisco's Grille was able to seat us immediately. We had a decent meal however nothing to specifically call out as "great." The beef dishes - steak and burgers - could benefit from additional seasoning. For a steakhouse I thought the beef could be much more flavorful; I was quite underwhelmed. Fried fish and broccoli were two most flavorful dishes. Highlight of meal was free dessert provided for kitchen delays and in celebration of my daughter's graduation (go Drexel Dragons). I would suggest that lemon cake not be served cold.
Overall: 4
Food: 3.5Stopped by for a quick bite late afternoon. It was a weekday around 3 PM so the place was pretty empty. The hostess was very personable. I ordered the Ahi tuna salad. It's a pretty large portion size. The salad was fresh and tasted really good. Unfortunately there was way too much dressing. Also, at $22 it's wayyy overpriced. With so many nice alternatives in the immediate vicinity, surprised they would hike up the price to this level for a salad.
Recommendation- if you're in the mood to pay $25 for a salad, order the Ahi tuna salad with dressing on the side.walked in to del frisco's after a movie and walk...was seated at a high top table...our extremely personable waitress alexis began our order with 2 over the top vip cocktails...mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...our order was shared and yummy.  corn chowder soup...goat cheese and figs and a crab cake... and of course another round of vip drinks.... diego the manager witty, adorable and super friendly topped off our good vibes here. we will return again :)What a great place! Food, drink, and people. Highly recommend sitting at the bar and asking for Chelsea. She takes care of her people. She's also super funny and great to talk to. She has great food recommendations and will attempt any cocktail you request! I will be back because the whole safe was great but I especially loved Chelsea's drinks and service and gotta shout out Sid the kid !The food was good but it wasn't the same experience as  the other Del Frisco's double eagle steak house my bill was $388 for a party of 4 which was what it would of been at the more fancier Del Frisco's , The cheese steak rolls are different but I still good , this please also doesn't have lobster mac & cheese but the regular Mac & cheese they had was pretty good .. Parking was zoo I would  highly suggest Uber ..I found this Restaurant to be a big let down. I went to Del Frisco's for my Birthday and the food was less than expected. I ordered the lobster tails. The first plate they brought out was not only cold but they left some sort of paper in my food. It was truly disgusting. I did. It get an apology but they did bring me another plate out. I would never recommend this place especially for a special occasion. The Manager did not offer me a drink or take anything off the bill. Just disgusted and frustrated.Back from our winter hiatus. Been there 3x since we got back. Love this place. Food getting much better. Great staff. Love the bartenders. My wife and I love sitting at the bar. Meet nice people. Great neighborhood place for us. One of these days I will know everyone's  name. Okay Leo, we love you too.Chase was a great waiter. He gave us great recommendations, and steered us away from some items that he didn't particularly like. The food was delicious as well as the atmosphere. They also had TVs in so I could catch a few glimpses of the NBA All Star Saturday contests. We had a great time. The cheesesteak rolls were delicious.The restaurant is next door to a favorite downtown boutique hotel, The Cambria. Service was attentive and excellent ( Cashmir aka Cash). The sommelier, John Danley was effervescent and aided us in picking an even better Pinot Noir, try Gothic "Evermore" out of Oregon! Our filets were cooked to perfection with scallops or crab cake and a lobster sauce ( a bit too spicy for us) over super delicious smashed potatoes and roasted asparagus (a special but they have many add ons regularly). They have many gluten free items and vegan entrees, actively accommodating as they are a fresh scratch kitchen. Great location, nice atmosphere and well educated staff. Will be backNice place, very Vagas -ish feeling with the decor, vibe and clientele.  Bar service was very nice, fast and friendly.  We only came in for drinks so did not try any of the food.  Nice addition to Broad St. for the tourists.We went here for restaurant week. It was our first time at this establishment and thought we would give it a try. We normally go to Capital Grille for restaurant week and always had a fantastic meal. . For $20 you get an app and an entree for lunch, dessert was an additional $4. I had the salmon and I have to say i never had a piece of fish so greasy. The pesto sauce was flat for me and the asparagus was cold. Hubby's burger was good however the fries were not. They were overcooked and greasy. The service was excellent however it didn't make up for the mediocre meal.  The ladies room was also disgraceful.  We will stick with the Capital Grille from now on.Our dinner tonight at this restaurant was very satisfactory in terms of quality of food and service. Our server, Janae H, was outstanding - she was knowledgeable about the menu, able to answer questions we had about food and wine choices, and delivered her services in a very pleasant, professional, and efficient manner.I will start by saying I ordered take out and did not dine in so maybe that changed things. All I wanted was an ahi tuna salad for dinner and Del Frisco's had one. A seared Asian tuna salad. I ordered from here specifically for this one thing I was craving (but also added on French fries and a piece of coconut cream cake). The salad was SO disappointing and the tuna was way over cooked. Forget about lettuce - it was all soggy noodles and I found two pieces of acceptable tuna (photo attached) I will say the French fries were delicious and fresh (although for 10 bucks hardly worth the very small amount in the box). I don't usually write bad reviews but I'm extremely disappointed. Hopefully you all have better luck. Skip the salad.My wife and I returned there last night for the "umpteenth" time. The young ladies at the front door are friendly, courteous and always ready to help. We found our usual place at the bar where we love to sit. There is always enjoyable conversation with those around us. We live close enough that we consider the Grille our local hangout, restaurant, bar or whatever you want to call it. The bartenders are wonderful and attentive. The food, as is generally the case, is appetizing and well made. We think the Grille has the best salads in town. You cannot go wrong ordering anything on the menu. And then there is Leo. He is a gregarious general manager who is ready, willing and able to help in any way he can. From the moment you enter the Grille until you leave, the experience is going to bring you back, again and again. Hope to see you there.Hear me out, I got something to say... This experience is hard to rate. In short, spent Valentine's Day weekend in philly and stopped in with no reservation and was able to get seating. The server was great. They were very knowledgeable to the menu and was able to share ALL of the specials (there were a lot). As I write this I still have no idea how she indexes all of that!
We start by ordering drinks and appetizers. The table ordered roasted wings and the steak egg roll. Reading the menu before we got there the steak egg roll is really what influenced our choice so we were excited to try those. The food came out and the wings are a bit salty for my preference but it has a avocado ranch sauce that helps cut some of the salt. I seemingly have a thing for sweet chilly sauce and when I see it is offered with the egg rolls I asked for a side and had that with the wings as well. The Steak egg roll was everything expected and more. Def the hero of the night and would recommend you giving them a try!
We finished our appetizers but never got any of our drinks. They had a seemingly really good cocktail that was ordered and I simply asked for a ginger ale. It never came and now we were done with our appetizer. Initially I could not find our waitress so I asked someone else who was kind enough to assist me in locating her and simply asked for the check. She said she would get the check and be right back. The manger came over instead with the cocktail and apologized and absorbed the tab for the night which was really kind. I did not mind paying but the gesture was well received. The way the matter was acknowledged, owned and resolved would make me go back for the cocktail we missed out on.
So if I am rating this based on ambiance, food and service I would give it 3-3.5 based on my experience but if I considered their ability to handle a customer concerns timely than I would offer them 4 or even 5 stars.Its shiny and new! 
Food is bleh!
Ordered the Quinn Filet Mignon burger and a side of french fries! YUCK! Should have gone to Five Guys! 
Was soooo disappointed! Was looking forward to dining at this new location since I really fell in love with the orher historical old Del Frisco's ... 
Arrrrggghhhhh ... 
Off to Mortons!Best service, friendly staff, excellent cocktails. Appetizers, we tried the wings(Yum), cheesesteak egg rolls, burrata, and the ahi tuna tacos. All acceptable, though wings won the tasty award. Steaks were cooked perfectly as were the sides and we tried all four desserts between us, chocolate cake was the most tasty, though the caramel pots de creme was a close second. All in all, a good experience.I ordered carry out from Uber Eats since I was at the hotel next to it. Couldn't really change or add anything to my burger. So it came as the burger with no ketchup or anything. The burger seemed overcooked and dry for me. The fries had so much salt that I only had a few plus they didn't have ketchup for the fries. For the price not good. 
Really not impressed by the food or quality. People seemed nice though.Ordered take out from this Del Friscos. When I arrived I was told by the hostess the bar would help me. I wait at the bar and received  no attention. I did however see my order at the end of the bar. I identified the order as mine. As I was talking to a patron at the bar about my order, one of the female bartenders, suddenly yells at me "what am I doing"? I told her it was my order. Identified myself. However, she continued to question why I was picking up my order. Well, because I paid for the meal. Apparently, the staff is welcome to treat customers as they see fit. I informed one of the managers, and he agreed that is not how you treat customers, but I am fairly sure nothing will come from interaction.I was super excited to try this restaurant out. So me and my family came here for my mother in law's birthday and we had an amazing server. Her name was Francésca (Frankie) and she was an absolutely amazing server. Her service was impeccable and her mannerisms were absolutely amazing. The food on the other hand I wasn't satisfied with. My son and husband both had either over cooked or under cooked steaks which were immediately rectified by the way but that wasn't a great first impression. Other than that we had great food and a great timeCame here two days ago, because it was convenient at the bottom of my hotel.  Spent 96$ on a mix grill sirloin, crab stuffed shrimp, Mac & cheese, "crispy Brussels" which were very soggy and asparagus. Took a few bites returned the whole. All but a bite taken. 
The manager Mike looked at me like I was crazy, put his hands on his hips and asked what he wanted me to do. Told him I didn't like the cut of meat, paid an extra 36$ for a ribeye which was just okay .... I still have it in the fridge. 
Came the next day and ordered to see if a fluke. Ordered a steak and salad. Meat was cold, shrimp southwest salad was good.  
I know this is Philly but do better.  
Rob and Manager Dimitrius were very friendly. Extra star for them and the delicious Rosé."The food was very good but the bar is suspect."
We went here for the wife's birthday dinner with her parents. Really fantastic place. I love the decor from the coasters to the walls. We argued over the large abstract painting and decided abstract art is very subjective. 
The cheesesteak egg rolls were delightful. My wife's favorite from previous visits. She also said they had their own take on the Big Mac. I was tempted but when I saw the calories listen on the menu I opted for BBQ shrimp salad. After that I didn't just feel good about my choice, I also felt good about myself. The salad was plenty of food if you're the type of guy that worries about getting your fill. Each Shrimplet took two bites to devour. 
Now the reason for the 4 stars and not five was the bar. Referring back to the above quoted, it was in fact suspect. Both parents ordered drink from the menu. So it wasn't like they were making shit up. The mother's was made incorrectly twice. The waitress was sent back by the bar tender to ask the specifics of the fathers beverage. Had it been me I wouldn't have said anything. I would've suffered through what I was given with tears in my eyes. 
Overall I really enjoyed it. I'd def go again.Lunch started out okay but didn't finish well. Our family had lunch with another couple but we had to be seated at two tables due to Covid. When the check arrived we were told that one person had to pay the bill and that they would not provide separate checks for the two tables under one reservation. Even with a $600 lunch bill, they refused to split the check for us which caused a very awkward situation for our group. They should have informed us of this policy when checking in and the manager should have taken the time to at least explain to us the logic of this policy - no effort to do so. The food and service were overall average - one example was the 2 plates of bread basically thrown on the table after everyone had finished their meals and were eating dessert - no explanation was given.