The basics:  $15 cover the Saturday I went.  The drinks seemed a bit pricey compared to other similar establishments in Philadelphia, but maybe that's the premium for going to a club closer to center city.  All I'm saying is that $9 for a Jack and coke seems steep.
It was pretty packed when I arrived at 10 or so.  Seating was def at a premium.  The tables set back along the walls were all reserved for bachelor parties and the like while the tables right by center stage almost never opened up.  I ended up seated at the bar at the end of the runway (limited view) or standing (there's not even much standing room!).
The Good:  Very attractive girls in a nice variety (and not all of them had fake boobs!).  There isn't the dollar parade that I've seen at most clubs, so maybe they get most of their money from "private" dances and whatever the guys in the front row shove in their g-strings.  I was expecting to blow a lot more cash here than I actually did.  Nice dances from "Olga" and "Monet".
The Bad:  The couch dance room was small, a bit toot dark, and cramped.  There is just one long couch wrapping around the room without any sort of dividers, so, not really a private dance at all.do not recommed the buffet.... i would not eat the roast beef for obvious reasons .. the server's outfits r fantastic...if bennigans's adopted delilah's uniforms they prob still be in business......they would not let my gfriend and her friends unless they brought guys which i thought was weirdah my home away from home...
I love delilahs mainly because I have a bunch of friends that work there so never a cover and drinks are usually super checp extra strong and free...
its always a good time...I tend to go with female friends when I go - when you are there with a girl you never get harassed by the girls trying to get lap dances out of you. 
and I swore I would never eat at a strip club..my friend who was bartending had me try some stuff and it was surprisingly banging...I used to go here, year's ago. Bunch of  my friends, one of our stomping grounds.
Recently I returned w someone who used to be bouncer there ages ago, needless to say the company was Not Good, But It was about the same, metal detector has been added, etc..but most of it the same..but no smoking of course. The Women -If your talking in general, for the Northeast, look half way decent if your into that. I just went for cocktail, listen to some music, people watched, see how some of the guys  operate. Kinda funny & sad!!! Course I wouldn't mind going back for couple drinks..but not my scene All the time, Not like its Miami !! WHAT!!???
Not my crowd...but a solid 4 star if your into that!!!Went to Delilahs this past Friday night with friends and was treated like cheap rent.  We wanted bottle service and had a group of like 10 of us ready to spend serious money.  But we were asked to pay the minimum tab upfront, which was completely absurd, and ended up just leaving.  Plus they have NO ATM machine but instead use Delilahs dollars which is A COMPLETE SCAM!!  If you want a fun time, go to CLUB RISQUÉ, where you will spend the same amount, but have a MUCH better time!  The dancers are more friendly there anywayMy friend is getting married and wanted his bachelor party here. 10 of us spent $630 for a drink package which was ok but the VIP we were in only allowed us to get drinks from the waitresses and they were SOOOOO Slow. Then one guy paid for the bachelor to go into the private room with Porsha and Her big boobed friend..after they came out another friend paid them $150 for the bachelor to go back in..He didn't want to do it again so the girls came to our vip area took a guy in our party and gave him a lapdance ($40) and disappeared with the rest of my friends money. I alerted a bouncer who was helpful but the manager Kevin said there was nothing he would do and offered us a round of drinks or passes to come back.. Why would we come back to a place that allows dancers to steal customers money... Then Kevin called security because I got upset that he allowed the girls to steal...How much did they cut you in Kevin?  You are just as much a thief as the 2 girls are....I know these 10 guys will never be back and if you want to spend your hard earned money wisely at a "fun club" avoid this thief shop and go to Cheerleaders!!I wish I had come here sooner.  I loved the atmosphere, and the way they have it set up I think it works for a lot of people.  Although they allow smoking inside, I was impressed with the air quality because I could breathe normally and all of my things didn't smell like cigarette smoke after I left.  Drinks are terribly expensive, but I expected that.  The waitresses are pretty efficient, which is nice too.  I think the cover to get in was $20, but worth it.  My advice is to get your drinking done before coming here, although for me this backfired because by the time I got here I was spending money uncontrollably.Absolutely ridiculous. Paid 20 dollars to get in and never got a seat. The staff was so rude and inconsiderate, they kept asking us to move even though there was no where to sit. Do not spend your money here.I called ahead (around 5pm) for reservations for a bachelor party of 10 guys, for 9pm dinner, etc.  I talked to the "manager" about a volume discount and he said it was a PPV fight night, so he could only give us entry for $15 per person instead of the usual $25 and the bachelor is free.  I said cool and I gave my name and time for the reservation later that night.  
    We showed up in the 20-person stretch Escalade like a bunch of douches (who are obviously going to blow some cash that night).  I give my name at the door and the bouncer says $20 per guy, I tell him I worked a deal with the "manager" and the bouncer goes inside for a minute, comes back out and says it's still $20.  I ask what's going on and he tells me I have to call the office.  I call and a rude women can't/won't find anyone in charge and hangs up on me when I ask why they won't honor the arrangement we had.  I call back and get hung up on again.  So, based on principle, I take my crew down the street to another titty-bar and happily drop $20 per person on entry.
     It pissed me off, but hey, that's Delilah's customer service, and I'm glad that we didn't drop a penny there, or the $650 minimum we would have spent for dinner and entry at $15 (not including tips/drinks/dances).  Thanks Delilah's for being liars, rude, but saving us about a grand.  
    They apparently weren't interested in our business, which as a business owner, I could never image, unless the customer is a dick (I conducted myself extremely professionally).  The truth is that this place had it's heyday and is on a decline. I remember when this was the one of the top spots in Philly, that was about 10+ years ago.  They have gotten lazy and complacent and they just don't care.   This is how businesses eventually die.I love this place. I know I know its a strip club but this is more of a nyc highend nightclub. Its very clean, the staff is professional, and the dancers are good looking. Even the food is delicious. The bartenders are no amateurs and will get your drink perfectly made. I have a great time each and every occasion I visit. I love the atompshere. You CANNOT go wrong with delilahs. A+No big ten network at a gentleman's club during football season??  Pretty cheap. Just be aware all waitresses try to nickel and dime you. However, women are a step above regular clubs.Not being a strip club expert, I will say that the only one I've ever been to is Delilah's. Oh, wait, sorry... Gentleman's Club.
Hey, from the nightmarish stories I've heard from friends of mine who have gone to other nudie bars with some... um... how should I put this...  "less than savory" dancers, I wasn't sure what to expect the first time I went to Delilah's.
Luckily, the girls here are smoking hot. Now, you won't see me throwing dollar bills at the girls, because, quite frankly, I have better things to do with my money. However, the few times I've gone, I've been the designated driver for a friends' birthday or bachelor party, and they've rewarded me for taking one for the team. 
Find me a guy who will pass up a free lap dance and I'll show you a male who sings soprano.Assaulted by the bouncer and denied entry because we were two females without a male escort. He wasn't amused when I said prove I don't have a dick. I guess my $$ is less green because I have a vagina.My fiance and I frequently go to gentlemans clubs while traveling. This time we decided to stay local and we are both glad we did. We visited Delilahs twice this week after having so much fun the first visit on Wednesday we stopped back in for a cameo Saturday night. Both times the service was excellent, the dancers were beautiful and entertaining, and the staff was friendly and accommodating. We brought several friends along Wednesday night and all of us opted for the Two for One lap dances. What a fun time! The dancers we chose were very couple friendly and engaging with both of us. I wish we had gotten their names; they told us they were sisters but when we back in Sat night no one was sure of their names. Even if they weren't sisters the fantasy was just as fun! Saturday night we were greeted warmly from a gentleman by the name of Shawn/Sean which I ended up chatting with while my fiance used the mens room. He turned out to be the general manager and I have to say it was impressive he took the time on a Saturday night to be out on the floor greeting people. Overall we were very impressed with the friendliness and service of the entire staff. Unfortunately we did not have time to stay that long Saturday but we will be returning this Saturday with our group of people for my birthday after we have dinner elsewhere. Super couple friendly club, we are looking forward to future visits!Not enjoyable. I was harassed by Gia for not doing a dance. Maybe it was a bad day for them but I had came in with the intent to spend but left because the lineup wasn't very attractive.The Low Down 
Abbreviated in part from Wikipedia.com: Delilah (meaning "[She who] weakened") is a character in the Hebrew bible, where she is the (woman) whom Samson loved, and who was his downfall. Her figure, one of several dangerous temptresses in the Hebrew bible, has become emblematic: "Samson loved Delilah, she betrayed him, and, what is worse, she did it for money..." 
"She did it for money..." I honestly love this line, as it perfectly sums up pretty much every dancer at any gentlemen's club PERIOD!
Location & Facilities - 4.5 Stars 
Delilah's is located at Spring Garden Street and Columbus Boulevard (formerly Delaware Avenue), extremely close to both Center City Philadelphia and Penn's Landing. Only minutes from I-95 and the Benjamin Franklin Bridge, Delilah's offers a large free parking lot for those coming from outside the area and taxi service for those in the area.
Staff - 4.5 Stars 
I arrived at around 8:30pm and paid a $10.00 cover to enter, had my ID checked and went through the metal detector on my way in. The one thing that bothered me was that the cashier was too preoccupied with her smart phone to greet me and inform me of the cover charge. I immediately hit the men's room, the only part of my experience at Delilah's that really impressed me. Not only are there TV's located directly above each urinals, but the bathroom attendant, Zaire, ran a lint roller over my back and tucked a mint into my pocket as I washed my hands!  I was greeted at the bar by the extremely friendly bartender Cheryl who informed me of the mostly domestic beer selections before showing me the menu.
Food and Drink - 3.5 Stars 
In addition to a full bar with beer and champagne, Delilah's extensive menu featured a heavily seafood-inspired appetizer list, soups, salads, burgers, pasta, assorted entrees and steaks which are priced from $36.00 for an 8-oz Filet to a $45.00 bone-in rib eye as well as a couple of desserts.. I decided to start my evening with an order of the country-style wings, which were described to me as being like "fried chicken" but turned out to be just heavily breaded wings. For my main course I had the sea bass (flavorful but unnecessarily over-buttered for my taste) with asparagus and wilted spinach for sides. 
Dancers - 4 Stars 
One of my biggest regrets of my trip to Delilah's was not getting more dances, due in part to waiting for my dinner to arrive. While I was munching down on my wings, I was visited at the bar by Sydney, a very attractive Dominican beauty with curly blonde hair who quickly took to caressing her hands over me. As I was waiting for my main course, the lovely Asian dancer Nikky and the attractive Jamaican dancer Scarlett both kept me company with pleasant conversation. As I was finishing dinner, Renee, who caught my eye on stage with her amazing body and sexy long dark hair, came over to join me. After a few minutes of casual conversation we went into the couch dance room and I enjoyed two dances with her at $20.00 per song. 
Value - 3 Stars 
While the menu prices were reasonable for a self-proclaimed "steak house," the pricing for the Champagne Court is tricky and I'm still not quite sure I got all of the details correct: you purchase a bottle of Moët & Chandon White Star champagne for $180.00 which is good for up to 90 minutes in the Champagne Court and pay $160.00 to the dancer for a half hour (and can buy more time if desired). If you use your credit card you'll pay an extra 20% for the dancer, in this case an extra $32.00. The Champagne Court is surprisingly lacking in privacy, not even providing a curtain for the spacious couch areas. For full privacy you can get a VIP room with curtain, which I didn't partake of but was told that you'll shell out a whopping $360 for the champagne (er, room fee) AND $400 for the dancer for a half hour.
Website & Social Media - 2 Stars 
The website features standard club information such as location, lunch and happy hour specials and bachelor party packages but their Full Event Calendar on their Event page is simply a list of upcoming sporting and boxing events for September.  There weren't any themed club events (i.e Lingerie Night, Cigar Night, etc.) listed either. In addition to a full website, Delilah's has Facebook and Twitter pages but I needed to call the club to find out their hours.
In Brief... 
The "downfall" of Delilah's is that, for a seemingly high-end venue, the lack of quality and value compared to some of the other Philadelphia-area clubs is subtle but still noticeable. While still a worthwhile addition to the Philadelphia-area gentlemen's club scene with its location, menu and dancing talent, with a little more effort this gentlemen's club could be absolutely amazing.Perfect place for a Californian guy like me to go in philly! Philly cheese steak so so good so how I expected it. There bread is really fresh and soft out here for some reason. :-)We went there for a guys night. As soon as we sat down we knew that this was a awful place. The girls on stage were just walking around with very little effort into the dancing. One girl came up to us and I was going to buy a dance for my friend in the back. She just started dancing on him. Next thing I know she gets up and says that'll be $40. I said excuse me. She said that'd for two songs. What a total scam. One girl was so drunk she couldn't even talk. The only good thing was the bathroom attendant. I should have stayed in the bathroom. I will never go back there and I will make sure everyone I know will not go either.Called an Uber and got it out front this location the front door guy was very nice and allowed us to wait underneath the heat lamp. Will return to park behind the place for free on nights we go to events in the city.Last night was my first time coming here. I go to strip clubs often but never came to delilahs. By far the worst customer service experience I've ever had at any establishment. When we first got into this place this guy came up to hit on my friend, after she told him that she was with all of us the guy replied, " Well I have more money than that (racial slur). ( I understand this guy has nothing to do w delilahs but I'm just mentioning it to tell you how bad the night was ). After brushing that off we all found seats @ the bar and the older blonde hair woman who was working was soooo rude. Kept walking past us and when we finally got our drinks she threw napkins at us to put the drinks on. Then, my gf wanted to order food .. it's obviously dark in there so she turned on the light on her phone to try to see the menu and again the older lady yelled at us and rolled her eyes and went "ugh". When my friend finally decided what she wanted she asked the bartender where she orders food. She told us that she'll get us a food server. After ONE hour and numerous attempts to ask the bartender where they were, she responded, "well sorry sometimes we don't relay the message" A girl finally came up and took our order and mind you we only ordered one quesadilla & that took about another 30 minutes. Another brunette bartender who was working was also rude.. constantly walking past us after we tried to get her attention .. I ordered another drink and she told me the total I said that we have an open tab and literally SCREAMED " well what is your last name?" And than rolled her eyes. I honestly feel like the people here are racist and I only say that because the bartenders were so much nicer and respectful to the other people at the bar. We obviously left after the food and I won't be returning. None of the dancers do anything special .. literally just walk back and fourth and no one was even throwing money so I was really confused about the entire set up but I will say .. I liked how all of them were natural looking!Totally legit! Always sketched out by trip clubs with food but I ordered the carbonara and my buddies had the cheese steak and wow we were surprised how good it was.  Cover sucks at $15 but when is a cover ever fun?  Drinks are standard expensive but not Vegas expensive. They sell smokes and cigars there, you can smoke inside too. They don't have Sailor Jerry though...booo.I personally love this place. First off, the girls are beautiful. Very few busty chicks, mostly very attractive dancers. 
The food is surprisingly great! The dances are inexpensive and it comes with a secured parking spot. I'm not sure what I can ask for more! This is by far the best club in Philly
I would give a shoutout to an incredible girl here... But I'm going to hog her and make sure no one looks for her here hahaha.This is where my spouse and I go for our occasional celebratory throw-downs. Most of the girls have great bodies and know how to work the pole. There's someone for everyone on that stage. The music is fun, and the drinks aren't too pricey. My husband likes it when I order up a lap dance or two in the more private Ruby Room, but be careful to keep a count of the songs as it's easy to get carried away. Incase your party exceeds your cash on hand, there's an ATM next door with the expected outrageous fee.Variety of looks were good, $10 cover on a Wednesday (reasonable) problem we ran in to was we had to wait/ hunt down shot girls/ entertainers. We tipped well on stage (at least $10/song to the girls we approached and verbally requested getting dances from.) -no one came around!! We made multiple requests on multiple girls that we could see were not with other clients, yet, nothing! We were there for hours and did not get a single dance! They were not very busy at all in the club either. The girls more so had an attitude that they didn't care or as if they rather be elsewhere. Unfortunately we were in the area for a limited time and ready to party but ended up going home with WAY more than we ever expected just Bc the girls didn't seem to care....strangest and most disappointing strip club experience I have ever hadAfter you come here, you will never go to a local strip club joint again. The atmosphere is amazing. The food is pretty good too lol!!! The drinks are a little high but they have specials when a Philly sports team is playing. The seating is nice and the lighting and sound is perfect where its not too bright or dark and you can easily still talk to your friends.
^^ You don't care about that though. The girls here are hot flat out. As long as you don't say something offensive, they're friendly and some will put you in your place is you're acting like a scumbag. There always seem to be a good amount of college girls working and they're not always trying to get money out of you as you may think. l sat w 2 girls along w 2 of my guy friends l brought and we talked and chilled for over an hour and they did not ask us if we'd like a dance or try to flirt to get money out of us. I even recently turned one college girl into one of my clients and got her real name and number haha. They're friendly. Pretty much, don't get all alpha male on the dancers.
The bartenders, hosts, massage girls(normal shoulder massages) and shot girls are all also for the most part pretty attractive. The stage is set up well so no matter where you are sitting, you have a good view. Either up close or high and elevated. Upstairs in the VIP area, it's nice to get a little preview up close before the girls go down the stairs and onto the cat walk. If you appreciate the art of the skill it takes to do certain tricks on a pole, you'll be entertained as well as their pole is really high and most the girls climb nearly to the top and perform tricks. 
If you get bottle service in the high seating area, it's really nice because it's elevated and it's more personal how they set it up. It is cool when a few dancers, shot girls and a massage girl are up with you and your friends, having a few drinks and talking bout whatever. 
I've partied w a few of these girls(dancers, shot girls, hosts) outside of Delilah's in different parts of Center City and at Zbar right next door and they're pretty fun. Oh yea, it closes at 2am but Zbar right next door is open till 3am so if you're hoping to meet a certain girl outside of Delilah's, you may get lucky if you go next door when Delilah's shuts down. 
Overall.... flat out, these are the best looking girls l've seen at any Gentlemen's Club. They don't come around asking for dollars all aggressive like other places. They also always to seem to have a ridiculous amount of girls working. If you like girls, you should def come here.Staff was unprofessional. No where to sit or stand. The staff doesn't even answer basic questions. Not sure what their problem was. Very disappointed. Waste of money, don't even bother.This club is nice and big but managers are rude and racist! When you just come in you feel that bad vibe. They don't even have AC, so for person who is non smoker it's very hard time. Don't go there.Steak was top notch, girls were good looking and had good conversation. Brought my buddies here, will return!This is one of the most aggressive and overrated places I've ever been to. If you're not spilling out dollars they will literally pick you up and escort you out. The bouncers act like they're on a power trip and possibly in some diabetic roid-rage. AVOID THIS PLACE IF YOU'RE TRYING TO HAVE FUNDo you like weak, expensive drinks to wash down your overpriced steak? Do you like Barbie so much that you wish you could pay her to sit on your lap and laugh at your jokes? Well, my friend, it's your lucky day - this means you'll LOVE Delilah's! 
This "gentleman's club" gets points for not being dank, dark and creepy-in fact, it's quite swank as far as venues go. But usually people go to strip clubs to get up close and personal with the talent, and this is where they start to lose stars. It's a little like going to a concert and sitting in the sky box-you may actually be in the same place as the lovely ladies but you may as well be watching on TV (my stage side judging led me to believe that this is not always a bad thing, as getting TOO up close to some of these dames may result in an overdose of glitter, spray tan or Victoria's Secret body spray. If you're going to Delilah's on the DL, be warned-you probably need to hose yourself down before you go home). They welcome the ladies (I was with my husband) but don't expect lots of attention. Bring lots of $$$ if you want to hang out more than 20 minutes - this place ain't for cheapskates.
Delilah's is the Disneyland of Philadelphia "gentlemen's clubs" (I still can't say that with a straight face). I suggest you go elsewhere for a more authentic and debaucherous experience.Some of 'the girls' worked here so on those random nights with nothing else to do, it was always fun to head down to a place that had free parking and was a guaranteed good time. With an enforced dress code, most people were usually on decent behavior. We'd have fun cheering on our friends, no trouble or hanky-panky (sorry guys). 
And I know you're never supposed to eat at a buffet at a strip club (does topless count?) but this place is actually labeled as an actual 'steakhouse' where I'm told the food was actually very good (I never had any though). I should point out there was a happy-hour buffet, but table service was done all day, by actual waitresses, so no dancers were in the kitchen. Fun fact: one girl told me they had their own (healthy) menu to order from upstairs in the dressing room. Yes, a strip club has a dressing room...
If you can attend one of their 'events', things can get pretty wild. The 'Diamond G-String' competition featured some amazing entertainment with a bunch of talented dancers (real ones) brought in from outside to join up the regulars. It was fascinating seeing the guys up there also. I'm amazed by some of the dance ability, but I know everyone else was checking out other attributes...which those too, were in great form, of course...
This club still holds the bar high on what a strip club should be, at least from a ladies point of view. It's simply the best not only in the city of Philadelphia, but I have to say after seeing gentleman's clubs out in Nevada and California, they just don't compare. I guess these other places seem to have that whole sleazy vibe which DOES make a strip club what it is, but this one just continues to still be a step above, for what it is.
Or maybe, I just don't belong ;-)I don't go for the girls they aren't my type.  I go for the food and atmosphere. The food is delicious. Nice place for a date.BEWARE! this place is real sketchy. 
i came here after dinner at morgans pier one night. my friend orders me a drink and gives me a bunch of singles. after chilling on the sofa for a bout 5 minutes, a girl asks me if i wanted a dance. i said sure. she gives a dance for bit and asks if i just want a lapdance for an hour. i say okay and we go into the champagne room and then she tells me its $300 for the dance and then $160 for a bottle which i have to buy. i didnt like how she didnt tell me that i had to buy a shitty bottle for $160 at first and told her i didnt want to do it anymore but she insisted that i buy the hour dance. i look in my wallet and i only have about $400 and i tell her that i dont even have $460. she says that i can charge it on my credit card. i was really hesitant the whole time and the process turned me off. all this bullshit for a lap dance but i went  through with it. some lady takes my license and credit card. i gave her $300 cash and told the lady to charge $160 on my card. she comes back like 15 minutes later and tells me to sign like 3-4 pieces of paper, including the receipt. i dont think much of it and just thought they were some kind of liability papers and sign them. i come out from deliahs wasted from the bottle that the girl kept making me drink out of. my friend who was looking for me, took me home.
i wake up in the morning to check my online statement for no funny business and i see $160 and $360 charged to my card. im like wtf? there must be something wrong and i call delilahs and ask if they mischarged my card. they say no and that i had signed a receipt charged $360 plus the $160. i cant believe this and they send me the receipts and my signatures were on the receipts. but i had only written the total on one receipt that was the $160.
first off why would they charge me $160 and $360 at the same time for anything?? the fact that i also didnt write the total on the $360 receipt and on the $160 receipt PLUS TIP, they definitely knew what they were doing. if they did charge me correctly, i want to know what the hell i bought for $360???? my friend who asked the bartender to open a tab for him paid his bill at the end of the night in cash but charged was $50???????
at the end of the day i am a dumbass for using a credit card at a strip club and should have used better judgement but this is one of the worst experiences i have ever had in a business. you have been warned.Delilahs sucks. Don't even bother wasting your time coming to see the stank ass girls working here. 
They had some chunky chick on stage looking like Snooki. 
Gtfoh.OMG! That was the craziest night of my life!This place is great! I sat at the bar with my guy-friend and everybody was just buying us drinks. The manager came up and talked to us, he was really nice and welcoming, really nice and beautiful bartenders, even security was very polite. All the strippers were smiling at me and my friend decided to buy me a lap dance. I liked this one girl,  her name was Envy. Guys, get ready to get jealous cause I ended up making out with her and she even gave me her number! I had a blast. Def going back :)Love this place ! Was my first gentlemans club experience.  I went with my significant other and the women were friendly and super attractive.  Great butts!! I Didnt get a private dance so i cannot review that aspect. But sitting at the bar and occasionally tipping the girl dancing on the main stage, i had a great time. Good conversation with the chick i spoke to for a while as well. I should probably mention im a woman as well so i may be biased and / or treated differently but either way, i had a great time.Surprisingly rude waitress and security. I ordered a soda. The waitress tried to shame me into buying a more expensive alcoholic beverage which I couldn't because I planned on driving home safely. She then would not accept 20% gratuity and tried to get me to pay more. I gave 30% and she still complained. This ruined my vibe. Got a few dances and dancers were awesome. This was a Tuesday afternoon to boot. NEVER going back because they don't seem to want my business.Like others have mentioned this place is a total scam. The dancer gave me a two minute lapdance and than said i owed her $75. She said if i didnt pay it she would have the bouncer break my neck in the alleyway. DONT COME TO THIS CORRUPT AND DISGUSTING STRIP CLUB.Would not recommend if you want to just chill and look at attractive women. The bartenders had attitudes, the bouncers just looked miserable (and were miserable to talk to/ask questions, ie, where's the bathroom). I got a private dance and the girl was straight up gouging me, trying anything possible to get me to pay more money. Was not enjoyable, I just wanted a lap dance, I didn't want to spend 10 minutes having her try to get me to another "more private" room which costs considerably more money. Just do your job.
Most of these other reviews were from a few years ago. Definitely has gone downhill.Nice looking girls but they can have attitude. Also the music is way too loud especially during the day shift. Guys want to talk to the women without having to lose their voice1st time at Delilah's, I have been to many strip clubs/gentlemens clubs. They don't have an atm on site. They offer one "down the street at the gas station". Instead they offer Delilah bucks. $20 increments, $60 minimum with a 20% fee. They do not give change for the $20 dollar bills. If you have your own cash they will give you 1's. I feel bad for the girls working here. I saw majority watchers, and minimal tippers, probably because of this policy. Went to get a drink. If you pay cash you're fine. If you pay with a card, $25 minimum, and they keep your license and card the whole time. Was prepared to spend some money, off my card, or at the atm, but guess wont be happening now ‍.great place to sit back and relax, enjoy a drink with friends. however, girls are aggressive here.I already called Delilah's and told one of the managers how great of a time my husband and I had.  After trying 3 other clubs in the area, this one was extremely couple friendly, and the girls were so hot compared to the other clubs.  
Yes, I have to admit it's a bit pricey, but we were prepared for that.  We ended up doing the champagne room with one of the hotties that I picked out with a nice rack, and even tho it ended up being almost $800 for both of us for only 1/2 hour, we had a fantastic time.  We don't do champagne rooms that often, but if we find a girl who may be worth it, we're doing it!  I think once the gals noticed that I wasn't the jealous type, I was getting approached quite often for just MYSELF to get dances, and poor hubby left sitting there, but he thought it was hot!
We will definitely be going back!thought this place was nice but they stole over 150 dollars and didn't think id realize ....then threatened to kick me out when i confronted them.Use to be fun to run back and forth to zee bar n  back and watched a fight( boxing match) there not to long ago, nights that are crowd can be a buzzkill but a great place to take people make  sure to have your wallets open though!   Not familar with the current staff but the girls are good,  and some are pretty classy and smart, Good People, Don't judge a book by it's cover, I'll give for an 4.,7 stars so I have to say " YAY" LMAOClassic guys night out, pre-game meet-up, or pre-afterhours way to kill the hour between closing hour of regular bars and the craziness of after-hours.
The girls change from night to night and month to month, but generally speaking, their the highest caliper in Philadelphia.
Don't forget that they are Zagat rated and the food is good too!  The grilled and fried chicken fingers are off the menu but still served i f you ask.
Drink prices are average for any bar in Philly, no tricks here, you get a full pour.  Bottle service is actually really reasonable as the bar service here isn't there to make money off of your drinking only.Overzealous bouncers and security who is confrontational and constantly looking for a fight. They act as though they are doing you a favor by letting you patronize their business. If you talk to a manager about anything they have the same attitude, the entire place is pretty snotty. The girls used to be decent here but not anymore. Lots of ugly women and unprofessional staff. Also they have a $20 cover. Take your business and your friends else where.
Edit: only come here if you are hungry and willing to wait in the lobby for take out. The food, til 1am,  remains to be the only redeeming quality of this place.I would not recommend to go this strip club. The managers over there are immoral and poor conduct. This is a discriminated place that I had an experience. Guys, if you go there using one of your 100 bill, please make sure taking a picture of your money. This place was horrible. They will scam you that you use a fake money to pay them. I had a bad experience last night when I paid with my $100 bill for an entrance fee ($20). The girl there accepted my money, and we got in the place. An hour later those security guards came to get us as that we look like a thief, and they said we paid them with a fake $100 bill. However, the $100 bill that they showed us was completely different.This doesn't make sense at all. As a customer experience, I never seen any places like this. They treated customers like a shit. The managers are  rude. Please beware before going to this place.My wife and I have been going to Delilah's for the better part of ten years.  No doubt it is the best strip club in Philadelphia.  The girls are pretty, and the food is consistently terrific.  The consistency of the food stands out as always being good over a ten year period.  That is no easy feet.  Even the dinner buffet, which while never fancy is good.
My only grief is the service, or lack their of, which is why I refer to Delilahs as a strip club.  Just as the food is consistently good, and the girls are consistently pretty, the service is consistently terrible.  My wife and I have just come to kid about how long it will take before we are waited on. So far the record is 27 minutes, and that was not on a busy night.  Average is around 10-15 minutes before we are waited on, again never at peek times.  I think the waitresses, who are also very pretty, have contempt for the clients.
My wife and I will continue to go for the pretty girls, good food, and tolerate the bad service.Luv this place. If your getting bottle service request demree. She's the best, very attentive and cute. Dancers were good tooI was here after Grandmother dragged me here celebrate her Bar Mitzfah....Boobs, Booze and Coochies..Everyone knows i love the BBC...If I don't have a guy with me I can't come in? I was ready to spend just as much money as any guy and have a good time. It's the 21st century. I came as a consumer, and it's quite closed minded to only let me in if I have a guy with me for every 2 girls? Are we still in college at a frat party? No. Open your minds up a bit. We're here to consume too.This place used to be good now most of  the strippers are skinny it's too bad because just a few years back the woman where beautifulCame by here and was refused entry with my friend because we are female. Had two male friends come join us and said they still wouldn't allow us in because we are lesbians. What? Filing a civil complaint with Pennsylvania's unified judicial system. Don't go here.I showed up with two of my white friends, we were in a cab. The black bouncer immediately told me I wasn't getting in. He said I was too drunk. I immediately stood on one leg and proceeded too touch my nose with both fingers. He said I wasn't getting in "white boy", I'd heard it was a good strip club from my black taxi cab driver but the truth is security that the security is a racist group. I have no alternative recommendations but don't go here, this city sucks. Go with the wiz wit at pats and get back on the plane to anywhere else USAI've never seen so many hot girls, some are truly gorgeous!  bring your cash because surprisingly there are no ATMs inside, though there's one inside the gas station across the street.Went in with a friend this Saturday night as I was going threw the metal detector I put my keys and cell phone on the try right away the womb security guard say my pill case on my keychain it my nitro for my heart, she ask me to open it to show her she took it from me ask me what it was I told her, she looked like she had no clue what I was telling her what it was, she got on the radio ask for management then told me I had to put in coat check, 
  Omg really if I suddenly need it I won't be able to get it to! After a few choice words back a forth she finally let me past 
  This whole experience totally ruined my night out, 
  Oh and the girls are starting to look a little to thick for my liking lately..:This place is a SCAM; please don't take any private dances from the girls who dance less than 20minutes when you actually paid for 30minutes of dance. If the girl request to pay upfront the tip don't do it. Delilah is making money out of their tip money. Also, please don't take dances from Alexis a Ecuadorian girl who works there.It's Tuesday so the dancers aren't stellar but the red headed bartender in the back bar charged  for an extra ketal club. Tipped her $20 cash on $75 but told her we had two of everything. She claimed I was drunk. Avoid her but beware if she dyes her hair again! I'm a regular and don't usually see her! FYI to new peeps!This is definitely my favorite strip club in town! I was disappointed to see there were barely any photos so I made sure to share some! The bad reviews amaze me, I think it may be because people don't realize how pricey it can get and then are upset about the amount they spent. To make it clear this place is upscale so know the prices are going to be higher. That's also why the topless girls are the most beautiful in town and the club is held at a higher standard then the rest. If your traveling to Philly for work this is an excellent place to come, you get in free with your hotel key. You can grab a bite here (I know strip club food seems scary but this place is different) the steak is REALLY good! Delilahs has been open over 20 years, clearly it's doing something RIGHT! Classy, fun, sexy girls(that aren't pushy), great vibes and great food. Oh and the $20 lap dances aren't bad either haha A+++++Had a terrible time at my friend's bachelor party this past weekend. We were on our 3rd bar that night and ready to spend some serious cash - but after one member of our group bought the groom 2 dances, he came back from the experience escorted by two bouncers who insisted he owed money. 
We made it very clear he was the groom and we had just bought him 2 dances. Grooms don't buy their own dances at their bachelor parties folks. You would think people working at a strip club would be aware of how this works. 
So the dancer claimed she had given him another 3 dances and we owed her $60. They were gone for 20 minutes tops. How short are these songs? 
To be clear, the groom did not agree to 3 more dances, and he claims they didn't happen. Why would he lie? He's not paying. 
The bouncers got very aggressive and seemed like they were just waiting for us to start a fight, but the groom's sister insisted we just pay and leave. This is how delilah's makes money? Intimidating people into paying for extra dances? For $60? We were going to spend hundreds...
This is a clip joint, pure and simple. Don't go here. If you go here, don't buy any dances. If you buy dances, be prepared to get RIPPED OFF.Management exceptional. Food specials right to the point  truly on of our great staples I'm the Philadelphia region. Kitchen so well organized whether your function is for ten people or 100 I'm sure they can accommodate the bartenders and staff are amazing loads of live sports and the dj is phenomenalOne of the worst experiences of my life! the cover was $15 per person, which is fine, whatever. I went with my roommate and my fiance to have a little celebration for our upcoming wedding. Came here on a Friday night and walked into a smoke-filled room (gross). My roommate ordered 3 drinks at the bar (3 double vodka and cokes) and it was $75. Yes, you read that correctly, $75. That means that ONE drink was $25. Anyways, we are sitting and my roommate takes a picture of the matchbook on the table to post to snapchat when 4 huge bouncers walk up and tell her not to take pictures. She was trying to delete it when one bouncer RIPPED THE PHONE OUT OF HER HANDS and proceeded to try to delete the picture! I ripped the phone out of his hands and told him not to touch her property and that she will delete it herself and it was at this point that they ripped the drink out of my fiance's hand, took mine off the table and brought it to the bar, and proceeded to drag my fiance out of the club. My roommate, having spent $75 on the drinks (of which I didn't even get a sip), chugged her drink as they tried to rip it out of her hands. 
Listen, I get it, you can't take pictures even if it's of the matchbook, but to rip the phone out of her hands, shove my fiance out the door when he didn't even do anything, and take our drinks away that WE paid for is wildly unacceptable. I WOULDN'T RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO MY WORST ENEMY. We just wanted a classy fun night out and left there feeling violated. I wish we could report this place for stealing our drinks away from us. We weren't even kicked out because we were drunk...This is a strip club so be prepared to spend some money! Don't fret, it'll be worth it. 
There's plenty of parking out front and the ladies at the door are always welcoming...
Considered upscale in comparison to some of the other spots in Philadelphia.
Food is amazing which was surprising for a gentleman's club. My friends come here just for the food. Food service girls are always on point. The bartender (Katie) can pretty much make whatever drink you want! 
The shot girls are dope if you want a quick shot and a little fun entertainment. 
My favorite are the massages... get one it's totally worth it. 
The dancers are pretty. There's a good variety and on the weekends there's 20+ girls. 
If you're looking for some fun in Northern Liberties this is the spot. Just be respectful and you'll be fine. 
They always have the game or the fights on. Sports and women. Win win if you ask me.Beautiful girls, classy atmosphere, great service. What more can you ask for in a strip club? As a woman with strict taste, this is the best club in the city. Come prepared! There's no ATM, but they do have Delilah Dollars (fake money) you can purchase on your card. The girls are gorgeous and friendly here, so bring more money than you think you need!With my radio show I work with a lot of Gentleman's club so I tend to go to more of them then most. Delilah's is by far the best club in the city. The girls are the best in the city and the staff is great! The food is very good as well. Plus they have a huge parking lot which makes things so much easier when you are out in the city! If you want to go out with friend and have a good time Delilah's is differently a place you want to check out!I went with my husband and some other couples on  Sat eve, about midnight. They give lap-dances for couples in little private cabanas- very cool! Ladies were all smokin' hot, with great pole work and nice sexy moves. Prices for cover, drinks, and dances all pretty darned reasonable! Will def. go back next time I'm in Philly.I have been a HUGE fan of Delilah's for many years. 
Tonight, was unlike any other. 
Upon ID inspection, entry, and coat check, my friend and I arrived at security. I gave my purse for inspection. The security officer immediately spotted a RX bottle. Inspected the bottle, read, "morning and evening, you don't need it. What's is it for?  Then, was told, I was not allowed in with it. It was a valid prescription. They said I could speak with management who said I could leave it with them or put it in my car. ( we took Uber) 
Apparently, this was brought on by ppl mixing meds with alcohol. What about the patrons, not carrying prescription bottles on their person???
There were no signs, posted indicting there were any rules upon entering the establishment. What if someone had a condition, where you would need that medication immediately? This is a serious violation of the ADA!!!! disgusting!!!!!Lousy. Everyone thinks this is the "premier gentlemens club" in Philly.  Do yourself a favor - drive the extra 2 hours to New York and go to Scores. If you got money and take care of the girls, they will appreciate you a LOT more there.  At Delilahs after you spend $700 on lapdances, they will still hustle you like crazy for tips.  It's not even funny, I called the girl out right to her face and told her how pathetic she looked begging me.  Threw a bunch of ones all over the floor for her to pick up.This place reminds me more of a caberet than a strip joint.  From the outside, it seems a little seedy, but I knew it couldn't be from all the ads everywhere for it, even in every hotel room it seems.  
And if you use a hotel room key to get in, they waive the cover charge.  Or at least, they did about 7 years ago when I was visiting Philly.
The steak is pretty expensive, but here's the tip -- you can have a large enough portion of the steak if you get it in the salad.  It's much cheaper and it's excellent.  The steak is like butter melting in your mouth.
I finally caved in to a shot from one of the shot girls (dressed like a cowgirl with a harness full of liquor bottles), and suddenly my chair was pulled around and my cheek was against her breast as liquor was poured into my mouth.  Before I knew it, I was turned back around with a stunned look on my face.  It was pretty slick; I totally wasn't expecting that.
All the dancers get together and perform big choreographed routines together on the huge stage, complete with different levels, stairs, and using chairs and such as props.  I've never seen anything like it at a 'gentleman's club'.  And everyone was really pretty, with perfect bodies.  It was almost like a modern Moulin Rouge.Stay far away from this place, it's a complete scam. I was there last weekend for a bachelor party and my $20 lap dance became $60 for 2 minutes. When I questioned it the girl said I had to pay $60, once I said that she told me $20 she yelled out "he doesn't want to pay". Before I can even speak, a boucer(s) had me out the seat and throwing me outside. Literally threw me into the asphalt. I would have left with no problem but the bouncer(s) decided to assault me. Yes, that is assault and the Philadelphia Police Department should investigate them. Today I had to see my Dr and I may possibly have a broken rib. I've been in pain all week. I regret not calling the police for assault as I was at a bachelor party. Here I am a week later sitting in pain.I knew a guy in the 90's named Creig who spent over 100k in this place so I know this place is amazing! Imagine spending that much money on lap dances!? He was so hooked on it that he killed his wife! Must be something special about this place.This place is a scam and staffs there are racist. The managers there try to get your money and disrespectful. The service is very poor and low ass class managers. This club is one of the worst place in Philly. I would not recommend to go there. Dont waste your money at this shitty place. The staffs there have no customer experience and very rude. DO NOT GO TO THIS F*UCKING PLACE!Went here for my girlfriend and her friend's 21st birthday, not a typical venue for girls but that what they wanted.
Was 100% disappointed, nothing about it made me want to come back, I felt judged by all the bouncers and the bartender told us we couldn't order 6 shots cause we already had one already...stupid.
after that we could ot find a single place to sit and on top of that the bouncers told us we couldn't stand  because it was a "fire hazard" when we asked where we could go they just walked away and forgot about us and then came back 5 minutes later to again tell us to move.
Talked to the manager about our disappointing experience and he could not have cared less. 
Overall, DONT GO HERE.Be careful going to "the court" or the private rooms. Got ripped off and was charged $1800. Was told it was $600 for an hour and I accepted and was the told card was declined, gave my card a few more times to try and it got declined again. They must've just swiped my card three times. Would've gotten charged more if my bank didnt lock my account. Maria was her name.Very nice place we went on a Sunday so we didn't see a lot of dancers but it was definitely worth going