As a foodie, and an an absolute aficionado of  Mac & Cheese,  I was thrilled to find myself at the Terminal market in Philly -- since I remembered seeing a Food Network "Mac and Cheese" challenge that featured Delilah's.
After waiting in line (the service was really slow) and being informed they were out of cornbread (this was Monday at 11 AM).  I asked for a small Mac & Cheese and got ready to eat some heaven.
After being charged $5.40 for a VERY small container (about 1 and 1/2 ice cream scoops)  I was thinking that this Mac & Cheese is laced with caviar and lobster.  I mean,  a quick break down told me they were charging about $19 a pound for this stuff. 
So I got three forks and my friends and I dug in. 
Meh.  
We all agreed it was good, but we also all agreed that we have had much better.  I found it a bit dry, and a bit inconsistent with pasta straight out of a box.
Look, if you are there, you are probably going to want to try it (after all, OPRAH recommended it and who am I to disagree with the big O when it comes to food)  -- but, I have to be honest and say for the price, it was a big disappointment.  And as far as flavor goes,  it's good,  but not even in my top 10. 
Maybe I got them on a bad day, or maybe they are just a bit overrated.I have been going to Delilah's at the Reading Terminal for over 15 years!! In fact, I go to the Reading Terminal every Saturday for my grocery shopping. I go get my seafood, my produce and by bread s... then I always stopped at Delilahs and now Beck's Cajun food (excellent!!) When everything is cooked correctly and the recipes are followed, the food is the best there is and worth every cent!! But when it's wrong, it's really bad! My last three experiences have been so bad, that I no longer go here. One time at 4pm, there was nothing left but ribs and I understand that sometimes you sell out of food, it happens. But to give me a plate full of rib ends and pieces of ends that I would never even feed my dog? was crazy! The next time I got overcharged by $10.00 and one plate was missing. The last time I was here, my favorite Mac n Cheese was runny and horrible. There are plenty of people who make great mac n cheese, even I make a great lobster mac n cheese, but if I pay for it, I expect it to be great and it hasn't been the past few times. When I come here, we easily spend $100.00 on 6-8 meals plus sides, because we feed our family for a few days. Not anymore, it's just not worth opening the bag and being disappointed. I spend the bridge toll, the gas, the parking fees... I don't want to pay for mediocre food.My boyfriend and I were lured here by Oprah and the food network.
We both got food poisoning.
We were in the area for the Flower show, and Reading Terminal was open later for the show, so we stopped in to try this Mac & Cheese we kept hearing about.  Egad!  First, it was lava hot.  I mean, we waited a few minutes to eat it and it still burned our mouths the whole way through.  I think it may have sat on that burner thing for awhile because the cheese had also coagulated into tiny lumps and the macaroni was mushy.  Totally tasteless, not that we could taste anything with it being so hot.
The service was slow and the lady did not have any Southern charm whatsoever.  
I guess my advice is never to go there close to closing or you could be sick.  As for me, I'll never go back.  With the $9 price tag for a so-called "large" which was about a 12 oz. portion, and both of us missing work, it was the most expensive mac & cheese I ever ate (and byfar not the best!!)  
For Philly's best mac & cheese, skip Delilah's and head straight for the Latest Dish.  Also, the Royal Tavern does not disappoint.*for the 30th street station location*
Have gotten take out from here a few times.  Always enjoyed what I got.  I especially love their sweet potatoes and greens.  Decent sized portions, but I paid a little more than I was happy about.  Every time I go through the train station I stop for Delilahs, but I don't think I'd go out of my way to eat at another location.  But when I'm at the train station, I wouldn't THINK about eating anywhere else.  Very tasty and bad for ya!I've had a few negative experiences at Delilah's. If I could find a place with better mac and cheese, I wouldn't go there anymore - but I haven't. And I've really tried.The best macaroni and cheese in the country, said Oprah Winfrey.  I'm not one for baked mac and cheese -- different texture than the boil-and-mix kind I grew up with -- but this was some lip-smackin', Southern comfort.  It was soft and creamy with an unexpected, smoky tang, ultimately why I gave in.
My only qualm was the price.  Compared to other items offered on the menu, the mac and cheese seemed rather overpriced.  I would like to say that it was worth its price, but it's borderline, debatable and a matter of opinion -- sorry, I can't confidently say this was the best mac and cheese I've had.Oprah claims that their mac and cheese is the best in America.  I stopped by to find out.  I ordered a small side of mac and cheese.  It cost $5!  For that price, it BETTER be the best in the country!  That's all I had, and it was pretty darn good.  Other people walking by stopped to ask me how it was (maybe they looked at the price first and decided to let me take the chance).  I have to admit that it is probably some of the best traditional mac and cheese I've had--and I have eaten A LOT of Southern food, especially mac and cheese.  I'll go back to try the other food.  The fried chicken and greens looked great.  But I still think my own mac and cheese is the best.  I also think that it is ridiculous to charge a lot of money for a dish that was created as a cheap meal.  (No, that's not really a review of Delilah's, but it had to be said.)This was a complete waste of my effing appetite!!! There aren't enough words to describe how terrible the so called famous Mac n cheese is...to think that it merit a throwdown with Bobby Flay should be an insult to him!!!! The dish is so wrong on so many levels:
(1) small side of mac n cheese is $5 for a tiny bowl (just about two scoop full), outrageously overpriced
(2) service is extremely slow, be prepared to wait 15 minutes to get your prepared food (there was only one person in front of me, yet still took that long to scoop the Mac to the bowl)
(3) food was freaggin cold!!! Enough said!
(4) it was a bland of mushiness...overcooked mac with no texture, lack of the cheese flavor, and not enough salt
Save your money and stop feeding into her hype, get yourself a box of craft and you'll have yourself a better mac n cheese for a buck!I'd have to agree with those that weren't that impressed with Delilah's at the Terminal Market.  Say the Throwdown with Bobby Flay and thought, the mac and cheese looks pretty good.
When I had it, it must have been sitting in the serving tray for a while.  It was okay at best.  It was dry and somewhat flavorful, but nothing like I thought as I saw on TV.  I have definitely had much better mac and cheese, even at home.
The other Southern food was okay - but I've had much better.
I think this place is really a bunch of hype and was disappointed.There are a few things to know when going to Delilah's: 1. Get there when they open. The food is fresh and delicious. 2. You have to get the mac & cheese. You will be really upset if you didn't and you will make Oprah cry. 3. You also have to get the corn bread which has a crispy top and flaky middle and tastes like butter. 4. Order the strawberry lemonade. If you don't like it, you really do have problems. 
Okay, it isn't the most glamorous restaurant in the terminal, but does that matter? I have never had a bad meal from Delilah's and judging by the always-present lines, neither have a lot of other people.maybe its because i went in with high expectations, thinking the mac and cheese would blow me away, but i was wrong..
i was so excited to try this famous mac and cheese on my recent visit to  philly. it was my first stop of the day in Reading terminal. after waiting around 20 minutes in line to be served we shelled out our $4.50 for the small m&c to sample. i'm glad we only got the small size because it really wasn't anything special. a little dry even. 
there are many other tasty goods to be eaten in neighboring booths  and maybe even at Delilahs so its still worth the trip but if the line is long.. don't feel pressured to make delilah's you one stop.Good. Not Amazing. I think it just needs some salt. I had the Fried Chicken and Mac N Cheese. It was good. No complaints just a lil expensive for what you get and really need some salt and pepper.Ate here again today, and my food was terrible. Truly tasteless fish, collard greens AND mac and cheese. I couldn't believe it. Mind you, it HAS been a while since I last ate here.  Back then, I loved the food here. Why have they stopped using SEASONING??  I don't get it!
Today.. all that has changed. This food was BLAND and cost me $20 for a fish platter and a miniscule slice of DRY red velvet cake. 
I'm very disappointed and wish I had spent my money elsewhere.As a Southerner, I take my native cuisine seriously. So trust me when I say that the food here is incredible. The chopped chicken BBQ will rock your world (tangy,sweet sauce) and the mac and cheese deserves all the hype it has received. I love that they make sweet iced tea there, too (anyone from the south will understand that "sweet tea" is pretty hard to come by in these parts). Be prepared to wait in line and don't bother with table service - just order at the counter and keep your fingers crossed for a table in their individual restaurant area.Simply put... Delilah, your mac and cheese is the sh-t, but your ENTIRE STAFF needs to be fired!!!!! I've been here too many times to count, and each time I was greeted with a CONSISTENT attitude!!!!!!!
 I would love to give this place a 1, but I just can't. Your food is THAT GOOD, but I strongly suggest you re-staff and send this new crew to customer service training.Like many of you I was lured to Delilah's Southern Cafe by Oprah and the Food Network.  I only went in for the $4.50 small macaroni and cheese so that I could sample it and I wish that I had kept my money.  Bobby Flay HAD to be faking it when he said that the mac and cheese was good.  It's no wonder that he won that Throwdown.  (sorry if that was a spoiler)
My cup of macaroni and cheese was watery and all of the cheese had become lumpy and burnt tasting like it had cooked too long.    There was too much egg used in the recipe and the pasta was way overcooked.  I really didn't even have to chew it if I didn't want to because it was mush.  
One positive is that at least it was served hot enough.  It would have been worse cold.  I also didn't like how sharp tasting that it was.  I think that it is good to have a better mix of sharp and mild, creamy cheeses.  
To give the place the benefit of the doubt, maybe it was an off day.  Some of the other food looked amazing...I just didn't have a chance to try it while I was in town.
In the end, as I sat there eating a few last bites to see if the flavors/textures would grow on me, I kept wishing that Oprah could taste my homemade mac and cheese.I was here a few months ago and Delilah's fried chicken was good.
Mac & cheese was okay, but disappointing -- I was expecting better.Let me start off I love the reading terminal.. people complain it is just a glorified food court...i agree.. it is the mostest awesomest  glorified food court ... i am a huge soul food fan w/ a heavy favoritism towards mac and cheese as my sideS... so i was dying to try delilah's b/c of the oprah hype.... So when I orderd my fried chicken platter w/ a double side of mac and cheese and collard greens ..it was like christmas morning... instead of being disappointed by the jolly fat man it was it was the jolly overweight black woman who disappointed me.. that's right i disagree w/ oprah ...b4 the wrath of middle class housewives all across america is brought upon me.. let me explain myself.... i think the mac and cheese is ok...its got a ton of cheese which i like.. it is also  very heavy which is what i think m/c should be ....but all 3 times- yes 3 times i was really trying to buy into the oprah hype machine- the mac was a bit too mushy for my taste...but what bothered me the most was that it had a slight but very distinct sour aftertaste... the rest of my meal had similar results the chicken was good not great -kinda moist, seasoned pretty well and a good size (prob bout double the size of a kfc or popeye's piece)...the greens were good but a bit too vinegary for me... it was a pretty good meal but it cost  me 20 bucks (1 piece of chicken/ 3 sides) so it is pricey for what it is and apparently its trendy to treat customers like shit cuz delilah's take a page out of lorenzo's and jim's and act like u just spit on  their mother when u place a order.. here is a fun fact i looked up after my buddy claimed he saw something on tv that rated delilah's m/c as one of the worst food to eat health wise...  1 serving of delilah's m/c has about 100 g of fat /1600 calories...i personally would prefer to take my flying leap towards a triple bypass at  honey's instead...so ms winfrey unfortunately i agree to disagree....but i still will be your stedman or gail if the position is open- don't judge i got bills!im not a huge fan of mac n cheese but it was very tastey..  a little bit expensive.
I also had the catfish with collard greens and corn bread
very good.  if your in the mood for some good old fashion home style cooking this your place..I will start off by saying this was my first time ever in Reading Terminal so I was completely overwhelmed! 
I'm giving this place 2 stars because nothing other than their fried chicken looked appetizing especially their mac and cheese! I don't how this place got  such rave reviews for their mac and cheese, did you guys even taste it?? It was bland and dry! My friend got a sandwich with pulled chicken I believe based on the girl behind the counter's recommendation, I had a bite and it was just OK nothing special. The corn bread I got was OK as well but my fried chicken was delicious! Thankfully they got one thing right. I would give the fried chicken 4 stars because it could of used a tad bit more salt in the seasoning otherwise it was juicy and crispy! The only other thing this place had going was that it wasn't too expensive I think my total was around 7 bucks so I was happy with that. There are so many other options at the Terminal I doubt I would come back to this place.With much anticipation I tried Delilah's because I couldn't kick this amazing craving for man n' cheese.  I was even looking at blogs wholly devoted to mac n cheese and foaming at the mouth.  To keep it short and simple, this place was utterly disappointing given all the amazing publicity and reviews out there about this place.  The mac n cheese was a chunk of dry overcooked pasta and condensed cheese.  The cornbread was decent but the ribs were dry.  Unfortunately, if I'm going to have a heart attack meal, I won't be coming back to this place--I want to make it worth it!Unfortunately this landmark restaurant appears to be closed. They had the BEST fried chicken anywhere and always seemed pretty packed. The articles that I found online say that it is somehow related to a bankruptcy in New Jersey. the tables and equipment is still there so let's hope for a speedy return.Gotta say, I thought Delilah's was a disappointment too. Not that it was bad, just nothing close to the hype. The fried chicken was just OK, a bit greasy, and the mac and cheese was super-starchy and lacked cheesy flavor.Until now, I would frequent Delilah's every now and then because I think the mac & cheese is pretty darn good.  While it is good, the fact is that it's overpriced at $4.50 for the small cup that they give you.  In my previous trips there, at least they were filling the little cup up.  Today, I went there at lunch, got back to the office and opened up my small cup to enjoy my mac & cheese and it was only about halfway full.  I'm sorry, but charging $4.50 for barely a half a cup of mac & cheese is ridiculous.  It's good, but it's definitely not that good.  I won't be back.Atmosphere:
Busy spot in the Reading Terminal Market.  Small area to eat on the side of the kitchen.
Food:
Fried chicken - Awesome.  Crispy, juicy & tender.
Collard greens - Awesome.  Great flavor.
Mac & cheese - Okay.  A bit mushy.  My other half makes a better one, honestly.
Catfish - Very good.  Crispy outside, flaky and moist inside.
Service:
Fast & semi-friendly.This can't be the best mac & cheese in Philly, much less the whole country. Oprah has tricked us all. Mine was overcooked, under-flavored (surprising, considering her Ah, Ha! Mac & Cheese from Food Network Challenge), and generally boring. I like thick mac & cheese with a bread crust topping, but this was entirely too much. The fried chicken was fine, but nothing amazing. Ms. Tootsie's serves much better. The strawberry lemonade was tasty. As a Southerner, all the food rated pretty low.
I hope the 30th St. Station location is better than Reading Terminal Market in terms of service, because the woman who served up my order was painfully slow. The line barely moved and she had no enthusiasm (or even eye contact). Yikes.
I will avoid Delilah's from now on in my hunt for great mac & cheese."$10.80"
"I'm sorry what was that?"
"$10.80" said the nice lady at the cash register.
"$10.80 are you serious?  That mac and cheese had better be yellow, cause it has real gold in it for that kind of price."
"Oh, it's good"
"Isn't that the stuff that Oprah said was the best Mac-N-Cheese in the US?"
"Yep."
"Then I guess I have to try it."
I miss my $10.80!! :(Whoa!  Totally Surprised at how good my experience was at Delliah's.  My native Philly friend told me it was just "OK"...so I never tried it.
Thanks to the suggestion of a fellow Yelper, I took my sister from out of town here to show her Reading Terminal.
The Mac & Cheese---OMG!  Delicious.  It kind of makes me want to stop making my own homemade batch (yet it's a little pricey as a side dish only ---$10 for a large side?!?!?)
Sweet Potatoes----Super sweet, but yummy too!
Fried Chicken---Excellent!
Greens----Good, but I've had better.  They need more vinegar I think.
All in all: I really like this place and hope they don't disappoint when I return :-)This place has some of the best mac and cheese i've ever had, their ribs and other things are fantastic as well, I love this place, it is unfortunately a bit on the pricey side...I have been going here for years for lunch, since my school is just a few blocks away.  All I have to say is if you want soul food in Philly this is the place you have to go and try.
My favorite dish here is the smothered chicken, I dream about eating it in my sleep sometimes, its just that good. The gravy and the rice and the chicken all of it in one bite just makes my mouth water thinking about it.  The dish also comes with cornbread and one/two sides. 
I also have to say the fried chicken here is also very very delicious, the skin is crisp and very tasty.  All the side are good, my favorite though has to either be the collared greens or the steamed cabbage.  
The mac and cheese that Oprah raves about is I would say very overrated, and pretty expensive if your just getting that. Its good but it nothing special.
If you are craving soul food in philly I think this is the best place to appease your appetiteGotta say, I thought Delilah's was a disappointment too. Not that it was bad, just nothing close to the hype. The fried chicken was just OK, a bit greasy, and the mac and cheese was super-starchy and lacked cheesy flavor.
Seems to be two listings for the same location.OVER-RATED, tragically.
I grew up eating all of these foods, cooking all these foods, and spending many an intimate moment with all these foods.  It is from that lifetime of exposure that I present the following review. 
Here in the north-eastern part of the country the term "Soul food" has been loosely defined.  I can't believe Yelp has it listed as a food category.  But, that's really beside the point.  The point is Delilah's food and "soul" are mediocre to terrible.   Don't waste your time. 
Let me break it down.
Catfish: first I was worried about the freshness of the catfish.  Are the catfish farms in the north east? In the south, catfish are a native fish and therefore fresh.  My doubts were confirmed.  Their fried catfish was nasty.  I won't even say edible, because it wasn't.  It was stale and flavorless.  It had oil dripping on it, suggesting that either the fryer wasn't hot enough or the fish didn't cook long enough.  Either way, it demonstrated that this group had no business cooking catfish.  As with all fried food, when cooked properly, it should not be greasy.
Mashed potatoes: What should have been a slam dunk turned out to be worse than the fish.  
They were runny, flavorless, and resembled glue. I can't imagine that what they served had any relationship with a potato. I've had instant mashed potatoes that were much, much better than this slop.
Fried Chicken: decent, comparable to KFC. Popeye's and Church's have better fried chicken.  There was no flavor. (have you picked up on the theme- no flavor)
BBQ: decent, comparable to KFC's BBQ chicken.  I think Delilah's claims their BBQ is pork, but with such a heavy sauce (clearly there to mask the meat) it was hard to determine if I was eating chicken, pork, or tofu. It really could have gone in any direction.
Collard greens: whatever.  They were green, but again, no flavor.  I would have settled for butter and salt.
Mac-n-Cheese: It was tasty, but certainly not $5 tasty. I've made mac-n-cheese that taste like this...it's called fresh cheese. I think it seems so flavorful because everything else you've just eaten was so flavorless.  The special ingredient in the mac-n-cheese is cheddar cheese. It was good, but I would not make the trip just for the mac-n-cheese. (Bridget Foy's has a pricey but worthy mac-n-cheese.)
Cabbage: flavorless.  Again, I would have loved some salt and butter.
Can anyone help me find chicken fried steak?I had very high expectations for Delilah's.  I mean she competed against Bobby Flay!  The mac and cheese had to be good!   So we took a trip here with my single goal to be getting some mac and cheese.  And did i eat some Mac and Cheese!
I was suprised with the cheapness.  We weren't that hungry (since we'd pretty much just eaten breakfast) and therefore we split the fried chicken w/ one side.    The chicken was some of the most moist chicken i'd ever had.  I couldn't believe how it was so moist!   And the crust was incredibly crunchy.  It was an amazing combination.  The problem was that they didn't stay together!  The crust just kept coming apart from the chicken, making it very difficult to eat.  The cornbread was good, just not the best i've ever had.
Now i LOVED the mac and cheese.  I think it was because it had a great velveeta flavor, which might not be the best thing for everyone, but i loved it.  I think its because growing up, my mom always made mac and cheese with velveeta and so this made me think of that.   Regardless of why, this stuff was good.  I really liked the consistency and the flavors.  But if you dont like velveeta then you probably wont like delilah's.
Overall for $10 (with a drink) a meal here is a pretty good deal and pretty good.After seeing an episode of "Throw Down" with Bobby Flay I decided to take the trip and check this place out. The Mac &amp; Cheese is nothing short of legendary. Made with 7 different exotic cheeses. It even made it on Oprah's list, lol.been to delilah's a couple of times.  the food is decent but nothing great or worth going out of your way for.  stopped in again today and had the fried chicken and mac-n-cheese (i've tried this combo/platter once before).  the fried chicken was just okay.  the mac-n-cheese is average at best and over-rated (i've had much better at many places in philly).  service is always soooo slow.  today the lady working by herself behind the counter took forever to do anything (i was 3rd in line but it took 18 minutes before i paid and received my meal??).  seemed like she never worked in a food service place before.  if you're in the mood for southern food, delilah's will do.  otherwise, i'd go for the other numerous (much better) options in the market...So I came here for their famous mac and cheese while I was in Philly for a convention. Really disappointing. I like my macaroni to be of a different texture than the cheese. I couldn't tell if i was eating mac and cheese or just the cheese. The cheese sauce was bland and super greasy. I also had the fried chicken and it was only so-so...it needed a little spice...and salt. No bueno.I made a detour heading up to NY from DC just to get some mac and cheese and roast pork sandwiches from the Reading Market.   To my surprise, the large container of mac and cheese cost more than any sandwich or food platter my friends and I ordered at the market.   With all the hype surrounding this one particular dish I thought it would be spectacular.  EPIC FAIL!  I completely agree with my fellow disappointed yelpers.  On the bright side, I was able to get my parking validated by meeting the 10 dollar purchase quota.There a lot of things that I love about this place.  Let's get the obvious out of the way - the fried chicken.  The chicken, for a lack of a better compliment, it delicious.  I mean its moist, and not too breaded and inundated with additives that the quality chicken is overlooked and/or questioned *ahem* KFC *ahem*  In addition, for fried chicken I found that it was not too greasy, and the seasoning just right!  This is especially true in my observation being that I ordered a breast and wing.  In most fried chicken joints, the breast is often dryer than the sahara, not so at Delilah's.
For comparable prices to the aforementioned fast food establishment (delilah's will probably run you about 2 bucks higher than a KFC meal) the quality is leaps and bounds better.  For $9.09 (tax included) I got a 1/4 of fried chicken, opted for breast and wing, cornbread, and mac & cheese (which I will discuss in its entirety right now).  The dish was big enough for two people to share (if you want to blood feud).
The cornbread was pretty amazing to say the least.  Fresh, moist, buttery, with excellent texture and flavor.  It is really a piece of art.  The mac & cheese was equally amazing (but the cornbread takes the cake, no pun intended).
Lastly, I wanted to discuss some of the misconceptions about the place.  I, in my mission to eat at every establishment at Reading Terminal, stumbled upon Delilah's by chance and I only heard about it through one friend.  There's a lot of comments here about "over-hyped" this and "over-rated" that.  BUT in my opinion, a place that has the coverage and notoriety of Delilah's, is bound to have comments that explain how it can be "over-hyped."  If you're like me, and you do not read anything prior to eating at Delilah's (aside from Yelp, of course), I think notions of "over-ratedness" magically disappear.  At face value, I never thought I would find a place that serves such great food, at such a great value!*This is for the 30th Street Station location...there's a few around the city*
Oh lordy, I can now check off the "find really good mac 'n cheese in Philly" check box (whew). The "vintaged" ladies behind the counter were sweet, and so was the cornbread that came with my southern fried chicken platter w/ mac 'n cheese. 
If they had drowned this in gravy and served waffles, it would probably recreate Roscoe's out in LA. The chicken was greasy, crunchy, and mmm mmm tasty (just the way I like it).
I MUST dedicate a paragraph to that mac 'n cheese. It was just the way I liked it...soft, cheesy, and served in generous proportions. I swear, the person behind the counter kept piling it on. If there was a voice in my head, it would have been pumping its fist yelling "go! go! go! go!" I do agree it was a tad heavy, but that's what made it taste so good. If you've had Roscoe's mac 'n cheese, it's virtually identical in preparation. 
Anyway, definitely worth a return trip...once my cholesterol goes down.Look, Delilah at Reading (and 30th Street) is authentic cooking. It's southern cooking at is purest. It's always great and sometimes beyond excellent. People tend to be picky about whether it's "exactly' what they want. However, if you want authentic and delicious, you'll find it with Delilah.I was hanging out at the Terminal Market with a friend and we decided to have lunch at the Market.  We passed up a couple of places because they looked like no one wanted to eat there.  My friend decided he wanted BBQ so we stopped by a random stall.  As I perused the food, I realized that the mac n cheese looked totally unappetizing, and lacking SOUL so we moved on.
There in the distance was Delilah!
I had the fried chicken platter with garlic mashed potatoes & mac n cheese.  Now, I've had better mac n cheese, but this dish had SOUL!  The chicken was crisp and good, but it could have benefited from a little more seasoning.  The strawberry lemonade was too sweet, so I'd pass on that drink the next time.  For such messy dishes, they  are a little stingy on the napkins.  Big bonus, they have seating available for Delilah customers.
One more thing, there's a woman there with a "don't mess with me face", but she warms up if you try to charm her.Southern Fried Chicken... what more can you say??  First time I went, I got the dark meat and extra order of the wings ($1), can't beat that... I got the green for my sides.
The chicken was finger licking delicious!  By this time, I had already eaten like two other meals, but man, I knew I had to come back... so the next day, I came back and ordered five wings..  the green was okay, I had better, but the fried chicken was excellent.  If you are in reading terminal in Philly, give this place a try!I'm sitting here eating this food AND writing the review as we speak. I have been interested in trying Delilah's food for quite some time, and finally got a chance to walk on over to Reading Terminal and get some. 
When you walk up there aren't many menus listed. Only two tiny ones with Times New Roman print 12pt font. So, wear your glasses! Apparently each platter is $9.50 with one side, or $12.00 for two sides. You are warned that you cannot double up on the mac and cheese. There wasn't a clearly defined line which caused some confusion, and the cashier/server seemed to have a laisse fairre attitude about whether or not she got my food for me, 
I ordered the BBQ Chicken, Mac and Cheese and the Greens. The Mac and Cheese is really good. I (I dive in for a bite) can taste plenty of sharp cheddar which is exactly the way I like it. Its comparable to what Mom would make, or what you get at Grandmom's house or even a Church Potluck. It's pretty decent. I know everyone is raving about "Oprah saying its the best in the US" . Its not the BEST mac and cheese I personally have ever had, but its actually something I'd eat by itself. 
The greens on the other hand only slightly hit the mark. In my travels, I have experienced PLENTY of collards and these are very interesting. I like mine with a kick, vinegar and well seasoned. These are not canned greens so they get honorable mention for that . I can taste that someone took the time to season them, but they're just not they way "I" prefer. but alas, they're still OK. 
Now comes the chicken. I got a piece of white meat, with the wing and breast joined. The BBQ sauce is very good. The meat cooked thoroughly and delicious. The skin is a bit slimy. I'm assuming this started off as baked chicken and then they simply "dumped" the sauce on later? The sauce itself isn't crusted onto the skin which lets me know it was added AFTER. 
All in all.. its a solid meal. Altogether it tastes great, separately, you can make your judgments, but I would definitely go again. I work nearby!
P.S.- They gave me a piece of cornbread, which tastes like pound cake. I don't like my Cornbread "cakey" but most ppl would rave about it.Had a quick Friday lunch here.  Fried chicken breast/wing with a side of mac and cheese.  The fried chicken was a revelation, better than I remember from previous visits here.  Insanely appealing, beautifully seasoned and crunchy breading surrounding a huge and super-juicy chicken breast.  So freaking delicious!  I picked up the little pieces that fell off into the juices and ate them with gusto!
The mac and cheese was really good, but sadly lacked the crunchy bits I crave.  
Still highly recommended!After seeing Delilah on Throwdown with Bobby Flay, I figured I would try her Mac & Cheese (while on a recent trip to Philly). While the Mac & Cheese was very good, the candied yams were terribly sweet, too sweet to enjoy.  In addition, I was unhappy with the value of what I received, a large Mac & Cheese (8oz) with a small candied yams was $14.00 before tax. Too expensive.Oprah, who says Delilah's mac-n-cheese is the best she ever had, got it wrong with this one.  Its pretty average southern food- not bad but definitely not worth the hype.  The mac-n-cheese is outrageously priced and just not that good.  It was dry, not very cheesy or flavorful.  I even went back another day to try it again in case I got a bad batch but it was no better (particularly for $5 for a 1/2 cup).  Ron's Ribs on South St. has much more flavorful southern food though it doesn't have the appeal of Reading Market.Mm.. Yeah, Oprah? I don't know what's up with your taste buds, but the mac n' cheese is definitely not the best. Maybe because it was cold, but cold mac n cheese isn't my cup of tea. The fresh fried  chicken wing on the other hand.. Now that's a gem.. Nicely seasoned.. crispy and flavorful. I also tried the homemade strawberry lemonade. it definitely would've been delicious if they had ice.We had heard great things about this place.  We were told my multiple people to try the mac & cheese there, which turned out to be AMAZING - definitely one of the best I've had.  Everything there looked amazing.  There was one tub full of fried chicken marinating in gravy - looked so heart-stoppingly good. 
5 stars for the mac & cheese.Shortly after Oprah made her big to-do about the mac and cheese, a work friend and i ventured over to see if the experience lived up to the hype.  At the time we were not impressed.
This weekend, DC and I found ourselves food shopping in the Terminal, and he said he had never been to Delilah's.  I always like to give places a second chance, just to make sure that I did not visit on an off-day.  DC said that he was hoping to sample a little bit of Southern heaven.  I think it's fair to say that we did not get said slice of heaven.
As with my past trip, the most egregious part of the whole experience is the cost.  I ordered the combo platter with two sides (yams and the mac and cheese).  This comes with one piece of chicken - either a full breast with ribs or a thigh and leg piece.  When you add a bottled beverage to this, the cost ended up being just over $15.  I normally don't have a problem paying for quality, but that leads us to the second issue.
The chicken was good enough.  I understand that it was not made to order, and I understand that fried foods in restaurant quantities may be problematic.  This chicken was greasy and lukewarm.  The seasoning was ok, but it wasn't anything that I can't get from Shake & Bake.  It was mediocre chicken.  DC ordered a chicken sandwich, and he almost took it back when he found out just what that meant.  They gave him the same chicken piece that I ordered, along with two slices of bread - he had to make the damn thing himself.
I mentioned that I ordered the yams and some of this famous mac and cheese.  The yams were actually really good.  It was like thanksgiving at grandmas house.  They were steaming hot and not too sweet.  The mac and cheese is always just lackluster.  I don't see what the fuss is about, I really don't.  It tastes like mac and cheese.  It's got a weird texture to it - almost gritty in some cases.
Along with DC's "sandwich" he was supposed to get cole slaw.  He did in fact get cole slaw, but he had to pay extra for it.  I believe that his extra cole slaw (which was supposed to be included) and his small container of mac and cheese actually cost more than the chicken and bread.  For what it's worth he thought the cole slaw was decent - he used it as the one and only condiment on the otherwise DIY sandwich.
All in all, Delilah needs to stop resting on her laurels.  This place is a scam coated in grease and cheese.  The food is average, the service is pretty bad, and the prices are ridiculous.  Philadelphia has become a great food town over the past few years, and there are plenty of other places both in the Terminal and outside, where you can get a much better meal for a comparable price.Oh Delilah's. You are so inconsistent. 
The first time I had you I was ready to pay your rent and sell my soul for your macaroni and cheese (which was the best I've ever had). Your collard greens were perfectly cooked and your fried chicken was crispy, tender, and not greasy at all. I didn't mind paying almost 10 bucks for you, because it was one of the best meals of my life. 
The second time I had you, your macaroni and cheese was sitting out for awhile and the cheese started to separate. Your collard greens had too much pepper, and your fried chicken was greasy and had been sitting out for awhile. 
I'm giving you three stars because the first time was five stars and the second was about a one and a half star rip off and disappointment. I'd love to remember you how I first had you. Maybe I should have kept you as a one night stand.I also had heard of Delilahs famous mac and cheese after watching a Throwdown with Bobby Flay. Even though Flay won the throwdown, I still had to seek out what he claimed was amazing mac and cheese, because unfortunately I don't have Bobby Flay offering to come over and make me his. That being said, holy crap, this is some seeeeeeriously good soul food. Its greasy, its hearty, its your basic fried chicken and greens kinda joint, but with wall plaques from every notable press about the founder and her no frills food you know that this place is something special. I had fried chicken with the rightfully famous mac and cheese with a side of cornbread. This mac and cheese is heavenly, cheesy and rich, definitely the best I have ever had.....unless Bobby Flay wants to come show me who's boss, I'm sticking with my opinion that Delilahs is the jim jam.So Oprah says Delilah's has the best mac and cheese in the U.S.  Bobby Flay won the throwdown (I love Bobby Flay, by the way), but I have to agree with Oprah on this one.  Not that I've had Bobby Flay's mac and cheese, so I might revise my opinion if I ever try his, but Delilah's mac and cheese is the best.  She uses something ridiculous like 7 different cheeses, all bought from the Italian market.  This is cheesalicious.  Just don't eat it if you've got clogged arteries already :)How in the world did this place get so much hype for their mac and cheese? It's not cheesy (supposed to have 7 cheeses?) and not warm. It is, however, small (2 spoonfuls), expensive ($5.40), greasy, and bland. Oh, the macaroni is way overdone, also. 
The search for awesome macaroni and cheese continues...Crispy, juicy fried chicken with a spicy kick - Delilah's lures me back for the same every single time. Fried chicken, mac n cheese, and greens. It may be north of the Mason Dixon, but Delilah's does an awesome job with classic Southern cuisine. The mac'n cheese is fabulous. Not dry and lumpy but rich and cheesy and smooth. The greens are good - nothing special -   but good. This restaurant in the middle of Reading Terminal has been around for a loooong time - it's no surprise why.best mac n cheese? NO WAY. it was at best, OK. i paid 5 bucks for a small mac n cheese, which was comparable to the size of a small side order from Boston market. it was soggy and had no kick to it. maybe a hint of pepper. I've had better at regular diners in new york and can already think of at least 5 other places that serve way better mac n cheese and doesn't advertise it as the BEST. mac n cheese here is ALL hype. no wonder bobby flay won this throw down.. sorry Delilah.I'm actually doing the review for the location at 30th Street Station.
The mac and cheese did it for me. It reminds me of the mac and cheese at Roscoe's House of Chicken and Waffles in California. EFFIN' GOOD. Oprah didn't disappoint-- it is the best mac and cheese!
I tried the baked chicken rather than the fried (trying to balance the good with the bad, haha), and although it wasn't fresh, it was still really good. Granted, we came here at 5:30pm, so I'm anxious to try this earlier during the day when the food is warmer. 
The green beans were a little soggy but they had been sitting in their juices for who knows how long. Still pretty decent though.
I took off a star because the food wasn't as warm as I would have preferred...and because of the cheap ass plastic utensils...c'mon, get something that doesn't bend when I poke my chicken!I am sorry to say that Delilah was not good at all.  We got the Southern Fried Chicken, Mac n' Cheese and corn bread.  I thought the price for the meal should be $8.50, but not sure why the total was more than that.  I think they charge extra for mac n' cheese.   We picked a piece of white meat.  It was really big.  The chicken was juicy, but had no flavor at all.  The skin was crunchy, but had a slightly burned taste.  The mac n' cheese was soggy and lumpy.  The corn bread was dry.  
I am no expert in fried chicken and mac n' cheese.  But to me, the fried chicken at Popeye's is much better.  And I can make better mac n' cheese at home.  This is not good at all.This past weekend on the way down to Delaware and Maryland, after hearing so much about Delilah's and Bassett's ice cream, I had to stop at the Reading Terminal Market to try both.  Okay for Delilah's....We decided to sit and eat there as the whole Market was crowded.  The wait staff that services the tables and at the cashier were kind of "curt", definitely not the most welcoming.  However, down to business, my husband, son, and I ordered the fried chicken dinners each with mac and cheese and yams with corn bread.  My mom ordered the fried chicken but with potato salad and collards.  The mac and cheese was definitely very good. But for Oprah to say the "best"?  She must try mine.  The yams were good also, perfectly sweetened.  The chicken was okay, it was too fatty, and should've been fried more to have an even crispy coating on the whole piece.  Now the bad...the potato salad was the absolute worst.  It basically consisted of potatoes, mayo and carrots. UGH!!!  That was it !!!  It had no taste what so ever, but this is due to the lack of ingredients (ex. sweet relish, etc.)  And the corn bread was not good etither.  It was a little piece of over-cooked bread. It was too bready and not cakey enough. That may be a personal preference, but nevertheless it was not good.  Furthermore, their prices are a little crazy.  It was $9 for a large mac and cheese that wasn't really "large."  In any case, I loved Bassett's ice cream and whenever I'm in Philly again I will stop just to get the mac n cheese before enjoying my ice cream from Bassett's.The chicken here is superb!! Love the macaroni and cheese.  They have seats where you can immediately sit down which is a nice touch in Reading Terminal Market.Of course after hearing about how amazing Delilah's mac 'n cheese is I had to come here immediately and find out for myself.  Unfortunately, I was extremely disappointed.  I like a heavy, gooey mac 'n cheese, but this was just saucy and tasted too much of velveeta for me.  Maybe some people really like that.  Obviously there's a lot of variance in opinion.
In addition to the mac 'n cheese we also tried the fried chicken and cornbread.  Cornbread was ok.  The chicken tasted great, but was really oily and the skin came off too easily.  Had nice crispness to the skin, but the actual chicken itself was disappointing.  While the food is still pretty good, I didn't find it to be the amazing soul food I had anticipated.I hear Oprah likes this place. 
The menu is very sparse with only a handful of available options.  
The cashier was very friendly.  
I pd $5 for a small cup of mac n cheese because the person I was with keep pestering me to try it.  I
t wasn't that bad, but nothing I would be in a rush to try again.  I also had peas and rice which were pretty good and less expensive than the mac.Overly hyped, over-priced and disorganized.
First off...I agree with others who have said their mac 'n cheese is bland, runny and the macaroni was texture-less and overcooked. We even waited for a fresh batch...but we'll discuss that later.
We went on a Saturday rush on an opening day of an "annual" auto show and Delilah and her staff were not prepared for the rush.  We were waiting in line for their mac 'n cheese but they were out. They told a few of us to wait to the side and that it would be an additional 20 mins.  When there was a fresh batch, they began serving the incoming line.  The side line (which they created for those waiting for the mac 'n cheese) began to complain and in the confusion they just consolidated the line and asked the side line to go back in line in the back so we had to wait again.  We got the combo platter which was over priced for $13 for a side of mac n cheese, collard greens and a thigh-leg fried chicken...plus they were out of corn bread. 
I hate to say it but I've had better mac 'n cheese from a food truck.  Their collard greens were ok but nothing impressive to make it stand out.  Their fried chicken was lightly battered and juicy and it was their saving grace  of the combo imo. 
I'd like to hope this was an isolated incident...but on a Saturday rush and a trade show that comes annually, I'd hoped they would have expected the high volume.  I would go back to see if this experience is the norm or the exception.Saturday, January 2, 2010. Lunch for two.
Fried chicken, collard greens, mac & cheese.
My girlfriend had been dying to try this place after it had been dubbed as having "The Best Mac & Cheese in America" by Oprah. Needless to say, this had peaked my curiosity as well, being a huge fan of mac & cheese myself.
Don't need to get into ambiance on this one, as if you've ever been to the Reading Terminal Market, you know it's loud and crowded.
The Food: I'll jump right into the good stuff.. the mac & cheese really is the best I've ever had. It is extremely creamy and flavorful. And at around $5 for a tiny scoop, it is also pricey. Also, if you get the meal, you are not allowed to double up on the mac & cheese. As for the rest.. I've never had collard greens before, but if you like extremely bland and soggy green beans, then this side is for you. But if you're like me, you will probably want to pass on this one. The fried chicken? Did not meet expectations, and I feel bad for saying this, but I'd of preferred KFC's chicken, which is more crunchy than it is dry.
Fell a little short of the "gourmet soul food" reputation it has widely been dubbed.
Value scale: 2/10. But try the mac & cheese! (this place is a 1 star without it)So sad they have closed down, I wasn't a huge fan, but it's sad to see them missing at the Reading Terminal Market! Delilah's was a well known institution at the oldest farmer's market in America.This place got mentioned in my blog "Always Eating Out" and in the blog "On the road eating out."
LOVED the chicken and the black eye peas and rice was exceptional.
http://ontheroadeatingout.blogspot.com/Delilah, I challenge you to a mac & cheese AND fried chicken Throw Down! 
And Oprah, you need to go to more comfort food places or to my own kitchen for much better mac & cheese! The five people with me all agreed, mine is better, so I do have bragging rights. 
Inside the Reading Terminal Market, everyone flocks to Delilah's for some greatly publicized comfort food, like catfish, baked or fried chicken, mac & cheese, collard greens and corn bread. 
It was on my list of must tries and no matter how many other temptations were luring me in, I was determined to save room for a few bites. 
Once again, the true name of this place is Delilah's at the Terminal. Other than the Southern fried chicken or baked, and the mac & cheese, you can have Virginia country ham, fried cajun catfish or black-eyed peas and rice. 
She has counter service for take out and a small table area, to dine at. Walk, do not run to Delilah's and don't believe all the hype that you read or watch on TV. It is decent, but there has to be better in the city.Was the Mac n Cheese best in the world?? NO. - Obviously, Kraft is the BEST.  Haha just kidding ---boo-ed off yelp---
In all seriousness though, it was a bit overhyped for me.  The food would have been a pleasant surprise if I dropped in on this place randomly.  But Yelp got me too excited again!  I am a HUGE Mac n Cheese fan so this opportunity to be in PHilly and try some of this was too good to be true!
The place is really cute though overall.  They offer a ton of different choices that all look really great.  I had the sliced barbeque chicken - definitely had a unique taste and was pretty good.  I would have tried their ribs/fried chicken if I wasn't feeling so much like a fattie that day already.
The workers are nice though and that's always important to me.  If you're at the reading terminal, which I really like, then drop by here for a meal :)Okay, I like food porn (aka the Food Network) as much as the next cuisini bopper  but I didn't know Bobby Flay beat out Delilah's mac and cheese! Delilah's is DIVINE! I could eat this any day and at any time (although would probably drop dead from the cholesterol after three servings). Their greens are fab....nicely seasoned and perfectly cooked. Their corn bread is bready, not cakey. 
I thought their fried chicken was good, but I've had better. I am not a fan of sweet tea, but I was pleasantly surprised in that Delilah's is not cloying like the bottled stuff.
If any of you ever say that Kraft mac and cheese is "good," Delilah will show you the true path to culinary salvation!I was so happy when I found this place.  I spent most of the spring and summer of this year commuting from suburban Philly to NYC in search of work and a home.  I've bought meals from Delilah's, at least, twice before. All the times I've had their food it's been both convenient and tasty. I can't weigh in on the mac & cheese fight because, well, I prefer my own and order the dishes I don't make at home.
Now I'm finally living in Manhattan. I went back for Christmas eve and Christmas.  I wanted to bring a bit of black American holiday tradition with me.  I just didn't want carry that all the way from Harlem via a BoltBus to Philly.  Instead, I took a chance and figured Delilah's would be open.  I got to 30th St a little after 5:30pm. The place was still going and still putting out trays of food.  Clearly, they weren't closing early for Christmas eve.  I ordered a sweet potato pie and the last two slices of red velvet cake for my hosts.  I also ordered a large serving of collard greens and a small serving of cabbage to have when I got back to NYC.  It's freezing outside right now, so the veggies just stayed in my Zipcar and were refrigerated the whole time.
My hosts loved that I brought deserts.  I loved that when I got back to NYC last night, I could recreate my childhood by having a warm serving of my favorite soul food veggies.  They were cooked old school style with bits of meat too.
The girl behind the counter on Christmas eve was just so nice and friendly too.  It made for a pleasant experience.  You really can't beat it: good food, an easy location and friendly service.When Oprah puts something on her show it does become a big deal. I wanted to try the fried chicken and Mac and cheese because I am a  big fan of both. Though I have not reviewed them and probably won't I have been to all of the soul food restaurants in NYC. I probably won't review them because I have a friend whose auntie owns one of the most famous ones that I don't like and don't want to insult them. I did not grow up on soul food or anything but I had neighbors who made it and invited me to dinner from time to time. I like that the food was salty. When I get old if the doctor says I can't have salt I will just die happy eating salt. I am not going to be some old lady eating porridge!
 I am  a big salt fan so if you like salt you will like this! 
However beyond that it lacked  something. I can't quite put my finger on it. But it wasn't like home made fried chicken that really stands out! It was okay but not crispy. The same with the MAC and cheese not outstanding! Kind of soupy! At least when I had it. 
This was okay not great not bad but thought it was not worth all the hype. It is hard for me to believe that that Bobby Flay beat Delilah! It is hard for me to believe Bobby Flay beat anyone! It isn't that bad! I did not watch so maybe the judges are not used to down home cooking. Whatever, anyway worth a stop if at Reading Terminal Market but to say it is the best for me that would be a stretch.Dubbed the best mac-n-cheese in the country by Oprah, I had to try it for myself.  It was delicious, but I'm not sure it is the best.  With all the choices at Reading Terminal I don't think I would have stopped if it had not been recommended.
I will say the woman dishing out and ringing customers up was surprisingly rude.  Rolling her eyes at each person and giving a big sigh when they ordered, not exactly southern charm.  It was also surprising to find a large sidedish was $9, alittle steep but it was very good.  It might not be the best in my eyes, but it is worth going back.Hey, guys, did you know that this eponymous Delilah is the same woman who inspired Tom Jones's song of revenge?  For real, check it out while I interpret the chorus:
"My my myyyyyyyyyyyyyy Delilah"
Interpretation:  My, Delilah, you do make some good macaroni and cheese, though judging my experience against fellow yelpers, it is wildly inconsistent.  It tastes just like it was made by my friend's mom (clearly, not by my mom.  My mom's is better). 
"Why why whyyyyyyyyyy Delilah"
Why do your mashed potatoes taste like they come from a box?  Why did you deny me the cornbread that was supposed to come with my platter?  Why the hell are you charging 4.00 for a small mac and cheese?  I mean, it was good for something purchased at a restaurant, but it was no better than any home made macaroni I've tasted.
"I could see that girl was no good for me  But I was lost like a slave that no man could free"
For realz.  She's clogging your arteries and robbing you blind.  I guess Tom could not break free from her cheesy spell, but I sure have. 
Delilah, you get 1 star for price and quality of non mac and cheese food, 3 stars for the Mac and cheese, and 1 star for making me get Tom Jones in my head whenever I walk by in the Terminal.  Maybe you should actually get 5 stars for that.  The jury is out. 
When I need a cheesy pasta fix and am too lazy to make it myself, I'm either going to the Abbaye or Black Sheep, or I'm making it abundantly clear to my mom that I won't come visit her unless she cooks me dinner.Fried chicken is the base of my food pyramid - and if it could only be Delilah's, that would be fine with me.  I'm surprised to see so many poor reviews here, but this seems to be more about the controversial mac and cheese.  Well I'll just stay out of that one - and eat my chicken, thank you.Food is still fab, although there seems to some questions regarding the mac and cheese.....hmmmm......! Still, the greens are a delight and the catfish was perfectly cooked. And talk about cornbread! Great crumb with just a hint of sweetness. Go back for something other than the M and C and see what you think!The Mac 'n' Cheese Review:
I admit it.  I'm a celebrity chef/food show/cooking show/reality cooking show/food challenge fatso groupie.  I wanna go any place they put on TV, just to see for myself.
Kinda wish I'd saved my $10 and skipped Delilah's tho.  Yes, that's right.  The mac 'n' cheese was TEN - DOLLARS.  Granted, Moms and I got a large to split, but still.  TEN BONES for a scoop of food with ten cent ingredients.  Maybe Delilah fancies herself a super star now.  She'd have to at those prices.  And, well, I paid it, didn't I?
The macs were overcooked.  The whole dish had the same mushy consistency.  There was no crust to be found, and that's my favorite part of *any* casserole, let alone mac 'n' cheese.  It was oily.  Honestly, Moms makes better.  And I'm not just saying that because she was there sampling with me and she'll read this.  She really does.  Bobby Flay should come to her house, because she'd take him down.
I lurve mac 'n' cheese.  You'd really have to eff it up for me not to eat it.  So I ate this stuff, but it was *not* even remotely worth $10.  On any planet.  By any stretch of the imagination.  Lord knows Oprah's eaten enough food to have better standards.
[15 Minutes of Fame: "The Oprah Winfrey Show" and "Throwdown with Bobby Flay"]Delilah's offers good soul food at reasonable prices it is one of the best values at the market. We had chicken collard greens  rice corn bread and lemonade Delicious!Hey there, Delilah, where's the pride? Quality? Value? Hiding in New York City?
After garlic na'an, corn bread is my favorite type of bread in the entire world so I should have known to prepare myself for disappointment when my platter was served without corn bread and only the brief acknowledgment that it "wasn't ready yet."
I ordered a quarter chicken platter with macaroni and cheese. The chicken was "ho hum" and lacked flavor, although it was fairly moist. The macaroni and cheese was tasty, but not exceptional. I didn't see how it was any different than the baked macaroni and cheese you can find in any urban cafeteria setting.
Service was somewhat odd. After ordering, the two employees struggled to fill my party's orders while perplexedly staring at the receipt. My father's order was forgotten all together, but to the credit of the employees, he was given a free wing once his order was finally filled. I'm surprised that they didn't offer us a free side, drink or discount for the absence of the corn bread, which was never finished even after we took about 20 minutes to eat.
I'm sure "Delilah" makes delicious food with lots of love, but it seems like her business has expanded too much and become just another place serving heaping portions of comfort foods from steam trays at high prices.I'm no fried chicken expert by any means. 
I use Popyes as the benchmark.
I've never been to the South.
I came down from NYC to try this place out after seeing it on Food Network.
-skin was crispy +1
-chicken was moist +1
-huge portion +1
I will return to NYC and continue to use Popyes as the benchmark.I wasn't impressed with the chicken... I had a friend get the chicken sandwhich and they just took the breast and slapped it on some bread. Really?
the mac-n-cheese is AWESOME.We had to try this place out after reading all the good reviews on the mac & cheese and southern fried chicken. Delilah's was difficult to find at first, mainly because when we had first looked it up on google then on GPS, the address was wrong. We finally looked up the Reading Terminal at got directions to there. Once at the terminal, Delilah's was easy to find and the line was short. Ordered a large mac & cheese to share and one leg quarter of fried chicken. Mac was ok, nice and cheesy, but not too impressed. Chicken was crispy and not too fatty, very juicy. They have an eating space off to the side so it was nice to have a place for our family to sit and eat. I might come back here to eat again, if we visit PA again!