After a brief visit to the Mummers Parade, the guy and I stopped by Devils Den while walking down 11th Street. It was my first time there. We were immediately seated and walked by a nice, warm fireplace. Our table was by the bar and the stools were high. I don't mind this, it wasn't too crowded but fairly busy. There is another room with more tables. They had the Mummers on TV.
Viewing the drinks menu, I was glad to see they had $10 flights and I chose the Import flight. They have a very diverse beer menu as a lot of the other reviews have mentioned. We chose mussels. He had the mussels over pasta and I ordered the mussels Diablo which was spicy but not overly so. It came with fries, bread and dipping sauce. The food was very good but I thought the fries were a little soft. 
The service was great. Our waiter was friendly and joked around with us. Apologized for the wait on receiving our check. The wait for drinks and food wasn't long especially for being very busy. I didn't see the bathroom but I heard it was horrible. 
Overall, I would like to visit again, especially for the flights and they look like they have a really great brunch.[8/28/08 update]
Craig LaBan just gave the Den one Bell. Ouch. His criticisms were accurate though. While the beer selection, service, atmosphere etc are all great, they just can't figure out the food. We recently got a crabcake napolean, and my wife said it was amazing, and I'm sticking with the thai mussels, but I've given up on getting a good burger. It's too inconsistent, and always a bit of a letdown compared with a monk's or royal tavern burger. I REALLY want the Den to find some good dishes and do them right every time, it just hasn't happened yet.
[4/2/08 update]
The Devil's Den opened last night, so a bunch of neighbor/friends headed over to check it out. It's got the makings of something really good, but it has a ways to go. 
The decor is pretty nice - not divey, but not too showy. Less rustic than the Royal or the POPE. I didn't see any Eagles decorations, but it's still early. The second floor, which is rumored to host 8 beers on tap in addition to the 16 on the first floor, is still under construction. I felt the beer list was a little gimmicky....lots of beers with demonic/satanic names - I would have liked to have seen a wider selection of domestic craft beers over the themed selection. The kitchen had a sprinkler complication so there was no food on opening night. We did get to meet the owners, Scott and Erin, who both seemed courteous and ready to bring their experience running Manayunk's Old Eagle tavern to the Devil's Den.
The draft beer selection was pretty good and reasonably priced. I had several glasses of a strong ale at $5/glass, and there's enough variety of domestics and european beers on tap to keep me interested in returning again and again. One downside was that a friend ordered Heradura on the rocks and it rang up at $15/glass. That's kinda crazy...maybe they only have the most expensive type, but it was a shock when we got the bill. 
It was a warm night, so there were several large windows and doors open, which gave the main seating room a nice al fresco feel (if you were close to these openings). The music was not too loud and at times was drowned out completely by the crowd, which is the way I prefer it. I do wonder how summertime noise levels will jibe with the neighbors, who are certainly not foreigners to noise, with the Nam Phuong/Pho 75 restaurant complex and Washington ave so close.
I look forward to seeing how this place fills out, and hope to give it more stars once I try the food and they get their sea legs.Went here last night for happy hour. The happy hour is amazing!!! Wonderful beer selection  and the bartender knew his stuff.  Service was great and I totally dug the atmosphere.
They had a nice fire roaring, massive attack playing and it was just so damn cozy!!!
I do believe I will be a frequent visitor here.Half price Happy Hours!!! Great Bear!! Good Food!
Half price Happy Hours!!
Half price Happy Hours!!!
Half price Happy Hours!!!
Half price Happy Hours!!!
Half price Happy Hours!!!
Half price Happy Hours!!!This place is great! Always a decent crowd I've never seen this place empty! Very good selection of wine and beers. Service is always good as well! 
Now for the best part... The food! Sooo good. Must try the famous duck fries! Shredded duck confit over ipa cheese fries! 
So good! Also try the mussels they are fabulous! I love the aventinus cream & leeks mussels or the Diablo spicy chipotle mussels and they're served with crusty bread to sop up the goodness and choice of fries or pasta! Flat breads are good as well! Don't pass this place up!I like beer, I drink a lot of different styles of beer, devil's den makes even a knowledgable beer geek feel like a beginner.  Their draft list is always lined with several beers I've never heard of which is awesome.  Their prices are good and their half-off all drafts is the best happy hour in Philly period.Been here twice and my complaint is about service. Yes, they have good beer, and the food I had was tasty enough. I just don't know why it took 40 minutes to come out when we were the only people there. Bartender and server friendliness does not overwhelm, either. I return to the places where I feel welcomed, and the energy is positive and friendly. There's so many bars that out perform, I'd only go back if there was a planned meeting that was not under my control.Wow!!! What a great place.  Among other things we had the Aventinus mussels which were just outstanding!!  They were some of the best mussels I have ever had, and I have had mussels all over the place, including Belgium, Germany and France.  They were plump and super fresh  made in a leek, Aventinus beer, cream, garlic and bacon sauce.   Also had the burger with gorgonzola which was delicious.  The mussels though were amazing,  served with fries and delicious garlic bread, really tasty.  Pair it with a great beer selection and you have a perfect combo.
We have been twice and service was good both times.   Ambiance is nice, typical neighborhood bar, a bit on the noisy side, but that is to be expected.Based on beer, they get 5 stars. Based on food, 2 stars. Not that the food is bad, it is not. It is quite delicious. Its the lack of options. Most of the food is fancy, which, is what the owners want to portray, which is great. But, if you are feeling picky, it seems like the options force you in a certain direction, like it or not. 
Haven't been there since the change in chef and the revamp of the menu. That changed last night. 5-7 is Happy Hour, which is 1/2 off drafts. THAT is a great deal. Nothing like drinking superb beers for half the price. Ordered mild wings. The meat literally picks clean from the bone. The sauce is not over powering and sloppy. Flyers game is on, place is busy. Not overly packed like it was Game 5 of the World Series two years ago. 
Ordered Aventinus Mussels. Amazingly delicious. I could swim in the broth. Fiance ordered braised pork sandwich. She said it was delicious. Beer was great. Atmosphere was perfect. A definite pro-Flyers crowd that was not obnoxious. 
I will go back, as the beer is alluring. I am hoping they can add a few more options to the menu to make it more rounded.Fantastic happy hour, and a lovely location. Sitting outside when it's nice out is fantastic. Great beer selection! The happy hour appetizers are lackluster.  The bartenders are a little weird and grumpy though.  That being said, they did let me still have happy hour prices when I ordered at 6:58 and it ends at 7:00 pmI went here for the first time a few days ago, and their beer selection is freakin amazing.  This is a really cool place, I would definately go back again.  The food is good too.  Great service.Great place that I think people forget about.  Super cute, has a fireplace so makes it a cute, casual date place.  Food is very good.  I've been here twice and both times, service and food was great.  The have a great happy hour special where all beers are half off and some apps too.  The popcorn is bangin and their pretzel bites (more like pretzel biscuits) are damn good!Surprised, really surprised. That's how I felt stepping into this hidden spot one block south of Washington among the galaxy of Vietnamese joints. The food is tasty; the beer list is extensive and fairly priced; and the place is clean. My usual walk from my house north to Fergie's will no longer be the default. 
If the waitress had poured my Duvel properly, I would have probably gone the full five stars. Perhaps a small gripe, but I think a bar offering nice Belgian beers in their proper glasses should get the whole routine down.
Regardless, Devil's Den looks to be a great easy meal out or a spot to watch the game.Very enjoyable experience. Food could have been warmer but the taste was awesome. Very nice setting (especially later in the evening), and both beer and wine was great as well. It was crowded and if you sit next to a yeller you will be part of his convo, but I would reccommend this as a place to dine for many occassions.Beer list: 5 stars.  Seriously amazing, and on par with the more established beer bars in town.  
Service: tough to rate. Seriously pushy and overattentive to start, and then she disappeared during our meal.  I understand that she is probably well versed in their beer options and would be able to make an educated recommendation if we'd needed one, but when she came over every ten seconds, it didn't allow us the perusal of their rather long beer list to know what the options were.
Food: inconsistent.  Chickpea fries were awesome.  Everything else was ok.  Onion rings with the seitan sloppy joe were seriously greasy--they left a puddle of grease on the plate.  Flatbread was average.  BBQ pork had a lot less flavor than pork normally would.  
I'll definitely be back for beer.  And sit at the bar.i sooo want to like devils den...but the past three times here i have had not so great servers who ruined my experience. ugh. its such a cool place with such great beers...Great beer and cozy tables! A wonderful winter spot. But the service was not great. Our waitress couldn't hear us and didn't take any time to talk to us. We felt like we were bothering her.It pains me to give Devil's Den such a negative review because I genuinely do enjoy the mussels and flatbreads when I hit it up for a late night dinner. However, no amount of delicious mussels can offset the atrocity I experienced upon brunching here. 
It all started one super-hungover Sunday morning. My boyfriend and I first tried Hawthornes (1 hour wait) then called over to Sabrina's (1 hour 15 minute wait). After choice one and two were nixed, we started brainstorming where to go next. During the brainstorm process we passed Devil's Den and decided to try it despite several people telling us the brunch was subpar at best. 
Those people were exaggerating. 
Though the restaurant was not crowded AT ALL we were sat directly in between the two bathrooms. Having worked in food service before this is a no-no. The worst table is the last table to go. After we had to asked to be moved, she sat us at a table which was so slanted that the water was spilling when it was placed down. So then we were moved again. 
After the seating debacle, we ordered. At the waitress' suggestion I ordered the breakfast quesadilla, and my boyfriend got the biscuits and gravy. His dish came out alone, I told him to eat, but he really didn't want to because it was just not good. So a few minutes go by and we ask where my stuff is. The waitress tells us it is about to be up. At least ten more minutes pass and my shitty quesadilla is finally served. The food is plopped down sans an apology for the screw up. It was clear the waitress forgot to put in my order, and I kinda wish she had just admitted it because, ya know, people screw up and I get it.  
The food itself was just not good. The biscuits and gravy made my boyfriend sick all day and the eggs in the quesidilla were so over cooked I don't know if they even qualified as eggs any more. 
My advice to Devil's Den: Stick to dinner. 
The only plus was my watery, tasteless bloody mary was only $3. huzzah...PROS- Excellent beer selection, great food (cheesesteak is great and I also like the cuban sandwich, my friends also like the mussels), service is always great. only 2 small TV's, flights of beer
CONS- South Philly parking, only 2 small TV's
This is definitely a great place!The staff is nice, the drinks/beer are fine but the new menu blows. The menu and food was just ok before but now it's really terrible. 
It doesn't know if it wants to be a pub or an Asian-fusion restaurant now, and honestly, none of the stuff sounds appetizing. The grilled cheese and cheesesteak empanadas were awful. Also, they seemed to have done away with their late night tater tots with cheese sauce which was probably the best tasting food item they had but never advertised or put on the menu.
I really hope things get better for this neighborhood bar.good spot, nice vibe - was kind of empty late fri night. really good beer selection is a plus and a decent menu. they overcooked my burger though and that sucked at the time. Plenty of space for a group is nice to have and it's not far from passyunk ave. I'll have to head back and do the 2nd run through to determine what's whatCute little restaurant in South Philly. Decent craft beer selection, I opted for a mixed drink and the boyfriend did a beer sample. The food was pretty good. The boyfriend got spicy mussels over pasta and I got the chicken ceasar sandwich with chickpea fritters. We also went back and had my birthday dinner here once, we were able to make a reservation and they restaurant was very accommodating. Friends overall enjoyed the place, the menu needs more options/some revamping.Amazing beer list?  Check.
Awesome happy hour?  Check.
Decent food? Check.
The Devil's Den is a solid place all around.  Though the atmosphere seems to be lacking in originality, the drinks, food, and service make up for it.
The draft list is always killer - this week has been a good one in particular, having stopped by here twice for Philly Beer Week.  If you want to try different beers, come during happy hour - all drafts are half off from 5-7pm. That is a steal for some of these top notch brews.
Food is quite good - though I've mainly dipped into the appetizer/finger food fare, the rest looks great, too.  I tried the tapas portion of their popcorn shrimp with a spicy chili sauce on the side - delicious.  Though I could have had quite a few more shrimp, the tapas portion was just right.  They also have tasty fries and chicken fingers with a variety of dipping sauces to choose from, which I love.
I'm definitely looking to move back down to this neck of the woods in a couple months, and I look forward to spending a lot of quality time here, especially at happy hour.This place has an excellent, always rotating, choice of beers.   Sign up for them on Facebook and follow what they have on tap any given night.   The food is also very good and the atmosphere is nice and relaxed.Fun, relaxed bar and restaurant. The bottles beer menu is extensive, especially if you are into sour beers. Their tap menu is also quite legit where you will find a continuously rotating menu of craft beers. (Apparently they just had a sour beer special last week).  Sour isn't my thing but the white IPA they have right now was pretty legit. Menu looked decent - I only opted for the Brussels sprouts with chili sauce. It was sI've been a fan of Devils Den since they opened (living up the street from them) - their beers (especially during Happy Hour!) and fireplace have always made this place top notch.  Their food has been hit or miss - this particular instance was a miss night with their truffle parmesan popcorn lacking both the truffle and the parmesan, and the popcorn tasted like it was popped a few days ago.  The big difference I've noticed (along with other regulars) is the change in service or lack there of.  The staff comes off as rude, the bartender is busy texting  while there are at least six of us sitting around the bar with empty beer glasses.  I don't know if there was a change of management but none of the familiar faces are there anymore and the new faces aren't up to par. The 1 star is for the great beer list and the fireplace - outside of that, it's not worth it anymore.It's an okay place good beer selection, however there is one barmaid named Colleen who is rather rude and obnoxious. She doesn't like the police, tends to spit on managers and tries to throw shoes at them. She also uses profanity and uses the "vagina card" to try and get out being arrested. I believe she had full time job as a "journalist," but she appears in amazing youtube videos when drunk. Also she tends to get noisy during comedy night.  Try the wings too.First off, If you're one of those "gastropub" people who wants to eat some over-concept weird food with your beer and football, this is not the bar for you.  If you want good food and a fantastic beer selection, this is an excellent choice.  I was dragged here for a birthday celebration thinking the place would be over-priced, but I was surprised to find a good selection of $4-5 dollar craft brews.  As for the food, everyone in our group liked their sandwiches.  I merely had cheese fries upon a friends rec, and they were an orgasmic belgian beer/earthy cheese sauce.  Reasonably priced for the quality.  I very much look forward to trying the truffle popcorn someday.Wish I could give half stars because I'd really give a 3.5 review. I've been to devils den a few times now. I like the decor, atmosphere, and beer. Now for the food: I tried eating here for dinner and felt as though it was very mediocre. It was so mediocre I can't even remember what I ordered. This past weekend I tried the brunch at the Den and wow! Duck fries and short rib with poached eggs were great.Neighborhood go to spot! Love the new menu! Servers are mostly great with the exception of a few with the "hipster I'm way cooler than you" vibe.
Best pulled pork in the city- especially on their nachos. Also their hummus platter is LEGIT.Great bar, great food.....Duck fat fries YES......started with the Micro flight and and fries. Both great, and had a special for dinner. Chicken Saltimbocca was amazing came with creamy polenta. Girlfriend went with tuna still flipping, jk but basically raw, also amazing. Also had a few pints of Anderson Valley Blood Orange Gose so good. Place was cozy and a great ppl watching place. Only down fall, parking  and we waited for 10 min before someone came to take or drink order. A waiter from a different section noticed we were not being helped and took our table. Daniel, thank you for going above and beyond. Can't wait to come back, Thank You...I live close so i've been there many times.  
HAPPY HOUR:  Devils Den at its best.  5-7pm 1/2 priced drafts (awesome selection) and $3 tapas menu.  Beer flights also half price, $4.50 for a belgian beer flight (4 8 oz glasses).
DRINKS: The beer selection is great, wines are expensive and not so great.  The bartenders are cool esp. Steve.
ATMOSPHERE: In the winter, the fireplace is a warm welcome on both the bar and dining-room sides.  They have a pile of logs next to it and the staff is diligent about keeping us cozy.
In the summer, the windows open for some fresh air and they have outdoor tables.
FOOD: nice gastropub menu on paper but food is inconsistent although getting better with time.  I disagree with the other reviews, the fries & their sauce are tasty; the mussels are good too.  The apps seem more like bar food than gastrofare.  Fried zucchini was good, a friend liked the quesadilla.  Friends have liked the sandwiches esp. the pulled pork.
I've been disappointed by specials like grilled rabbit (who grills rabbit? should have been a clue) but the duck entree was nicely done.
Check it out for Happy Hour and then go eat some cheapo delicioso mexicano fare in the area.Disappointed.  We could never visit because of young child, but finally did today for snack and drink.  The hostess was sweet.  The food was bland, unseasoned, uninteresting.  The waitress seemed untrained - eg. did not know how to give beer recommendations (even though this is a beer-centric restaurant).Devil's Den is a classic gastropub in South Philly. Inside decor is nice; outdoor seating is a plus. Beer list is top notch and  full of awesome craft beers.
The food menu is typical gastropub fare but accents some of their "spicy" items (to complement the "devil" theme). Some items are hit or miss, so I recommend the following:
- Duck Fries
- Spicy Duck Flatbread
- Mussels Diablo or ProvencalThis place is great! They have a real fireplace, great food, great service. I've never been disappointed going here. The burger is so yummy and you should really try the duck fries, no seriously.Best beer selection in this neighborhood. Cozy place to enjoy happy hour with the fireplace. Really great staff who knows their beer! 
Not crazy about the food here, but the beer makes up for it.This is an awesome part of the neighborhood! Amazing craft beers and friendly service. Their food brings me comfort and I love it.Mussels Diablo = DELISH
Calamari Salad = DELISH
Bison Burgers = DELISH
Draft Selection = Very Good
Outdoor seating is great for pet friendly diners :)Good fries, mussels were great.  Appetizers/small plates are big enough for dinner.  Most of the tap beers were IPA/some type of hoppy beer but still a great selection.Alright Devil's Den, buckle up! Just as we should have one Sunday night for dinner...
We were in the neighborhood and thought we'd stop in for dinner. We'd previously only ever had (some of the best) beer here and the occasional order of chickpea fries.
So we were seated. A server came with water and took our beer order, and it took pretty long to get our beers. Like I said, their beer options are why we had gone so many times without eating here - came just for the beer! 
We ordered mussels, I forget which. The mussels themselves were okay...but the accompanying fries were SO SALTY they were pretty much inedible. 
I ordered Fish & Chips and the BF ordered a cheesesteak. The entree was $15 which is entirely too expensive for not specifying the fish! Also because the fried fish was so greasy that it was mush. The potatoes were the best part of my meal here. Now, the BF isn't one to complain about food very often, so I didn't expect to hear anything from him...but! He said his cheesesteak was almost entirely flavorless. Sorry Devil's Den, your food is just not good. I hope y'all fix it. I wanted to like your food too.
We might still go for Sour Fest because it's a unique event and we've been going to it ever since it began...but let's hope we don't get hungry.This place is wonderful for the Happy Hour drink specials... 1/2 off all drafts, you can't really beat that in Philly.  They always have a ton of really good microbrews on tap, and a large selection of them.  Happy hour is a well known event, it is usually packed by 6 pm, so make sure to get there early if you want to get a seat.  
The food is ok, but the service can be a bit spotty.  The first time I went the burger I had was great!  Juicy and delicious.  The next couple times I went to get food, there was always an issue with my order or my bill.  One time I didn't get the right dish, I don't normally send anything back but this was completely wrong and I didn't want what I got... the server apologized and told me he would take my beer off the bill.  So then I had to wait about 20 minutes for my food while the rest of my party ate.  When we got the bill, he didn't remove the beer from the bill!  When I told him about it, he got kind of an attitude and said he DID take it off, but I only had one beer and it was still on there.  Eventually he relented... but that was a little annoying.
Next time I went there was another problem with my order.  We ordered two burgers cooked medium and they were completely raw inside.  This time I didn't return it, I just ate most of it and scraped out the inside.  Most people around me were just drinking or eating appetizers, so not sure why they felt the need to not cook our burgers completely through.  I don't mind waiting to get what I ordered!
Anyhoo, next time I'll probably just get beer and eat somewhere else.  There are plenty of other places to eat that have better food and service.My go to bar. Excelente for drinking- like, 6 stars-  aokay for food. Never a bad time; in fact, always a vunderbar time. Wish they had more food options though. I like to munch when I drink.Go for brunch!!  Get the Chickpea Fries to start!!!  Have fun!!!
I'm very glad our first brunch option didn't pan out.  Our waitress was extremely nice and went above and beyond at times throughout our meal.  The bloody mary's are nicely sized and perfectly blended!  I asked for it extra spicy and I didn't have to send it back for more spice!  And the bartender who made it was hot :-)
We had a community brunch of Juevos Rancheros, Chickpea Fries (AMAZING!!!!!!  We threatened to wrestle each other for extra!!), Crab Eggs Benedict, Smoked Trout Hash, and the Casino Omelette.
Juevos Rancheros wasn't very authentic looking...but was quite pleasing.  I CAN'T SAY CHICKPEA FRIES ENOUGH!!  I'm considering moving back to Philly just to be closer to these phenomenal little bites, which come with an awesome chipotle aioli!!!  
The Crab Eggs Benedict was visually appealing and tasty!  Just know that the crab meat is rather sweet (that caught us off guard at first but was fine once we knew what flavor to expect).  The Smoked Trout Hash was a table fav.  The Casino omelette was good...just fluffier than we expected it to be.  Intriguing flavors...and I do think I'd order the Casino Flatbread next time.  But I'm glad I tried it.  
The potatoes that came with the Benedict and Casino were so nummers especially when dipped in the aioli, which our waitress saw we liked and offered to bring out more at no extra charge :-)  The mixed greens served with the trout were plentiful and super fresh.
We were four happy post-yoga class campers :-)  I hear the restaurant has gone through many evolutions, some of which weren't so great.  So if you weren't satisfied the first time you went, I recommend going back now that they seem to have found their groove :-)The place is about a block for my house so I have been there several time. Every time I come I leave a little disappointed. I end up going again since it is so close. 
It is not that it's that bad it's that it is consistently inconsistent.
Drinks-
The bar is good and generous for beer and liquor. They have a long beer list and they are good with letting you try them.
The couple of times I got a glass of wine it was somewhat warm and tasted like it was opened a couple of days ago.
Food-
The menu sounds very cool and the food sounds very tasty.
I had good wings there with a nice buffalo flavor and on another time the wings arrived cold.
I had a great burger on one visit and when I had another sandwich (duck) it was dry on a bun that was probably a day or two old - or tasted like it was a day or two old.
The fries were undercooked a couple of times and really good on other visits.
I think fries, winds and sandwiches are the bare basics for a bar menu and they manage to mess them up.
I hope they read this review and work on improving the kitchen since the place has a lot of potential.What a cool bar. Immediately upon walking in, I was greeted with the sight of a hot, roaring fireplace and exposed brick walls. Both of these things are delightful to me.  The bar was hopping, full of bearded, classy and/or young people, so the waitress seated my bf and I in a corner seat in the back. From there we had privacy, and a good view of the rest of the bar.  The lighting was low and candlelit, which created a very sexy ambiance.  The drink menu was incredibly comprehensive and reasonably priced. I don't drink beer, but we ordered a raspberry and pumpkin ale beer. Both were exquisite and delicious.  I had a wonderful time, and would definitely come again during happy hour to enjoy more drinks and appetizers.Discovered this gem while driving in South Philly. Cozy and intimate atmosphere! Excellent selection of beers, excellent customer service, and even better food. Definitely a must visit.I just went here last night for an early Birthday dinner with some friends. I was able to make a reservation for the night before for a group of ten. Overall, everyone loved it here! The service was decent. Weirdly, they don't have ice or cold water? I don't know. But I got the Special Mussels of the night. It had chorizo, summer corn, jersey tomatoes, and petite shrimp in it. So delicious! They give you bread so you can dip it into the mussels broth and it either comes with fries or a side salad. I got their fries and I love the dipping sauce it comes with. The boyfriend usually get the diablo mussels over pasta. Apparently they don't do the mussels over pasta anymore but he requested it and they gladly made it with no upcharge! We also tried the Korean BBQ wings my friend ordered. We loved it but she was not use to the taste so she didn't like them. Some friends got the Cheeseteak Empanadas, Nachos, Pork Tacos, Cobb Salad, Pulled Pork Grilled Cheese, and more and they all loved their food!
Everyone tried a few beers from their draft/bottles list. They have a very decent selection and a lot to pick from. They usually have a few flights you can try too. The boyfriend got a sour beer flight and he didn't love it, but he drank it all. I got the summer mojitio and it was delicious!
My friends surprised me with a piece of their dessert and a candle for my birthday, so sweet of them! It was a chocolate peanut butter pie. It was soo gooood!!! but a little too rich for me. And i didn't like that they had whole peanuts it but it was really good. I just could not eat a whole piece by myself so the whole table shared it.
i just love it here!!! and i'm so glad my friends did too!!!Terrible sticky tables. Order was wrong but didn't say anything.  No domestic beers.  Was very disappointed.Four of us ate there.   Good beers, waitress was top-notch.   I ordered the cassoulet.   A couple bites in, I realized that the white beans were only half-cooked, still crunchy and dry inside, and the duck confit wasn't a confit at all but just a roasted duck leg-and-thigh, no resemblance to a true long-and-slow-cooked confit.   I told the waitress that the dish wasn't good; she said of course she'd send it back and would bring something else.  I went for the burger, figuring it would be the fastest thing to get, so I wouldn't be eating alone, with my companions done before my supper came.   Wishful thinking.   Maybe the chef was punishing me.  The burger took forever and my pals were long finished by the time the burger (it was decent) came.   And then we were stunned when the check came and it included the charge for the confit.   Our waitress was embarrassed and uncomfortable as she explained that the chef refused to remove the charge, and an unpleasant and complicated round of conversations ensued, while the manager behind the bar said we'd have to ask someone else, and someone else pointed to someone else, and someone else said the chef was in charge, and someone else said the chef wasn't, and finally the charge was removed, but it was really badly handled and left a bad taste in our mouths.   Too bad.  A fun place with great beers but some kind of tyrant -- and one who doesn't know a good confit when he/she sees one -- in the kitchen.Terrible service. I find myself drawn to sitting at the bar/hightops and secretly praying I don't get stuck in the dining room. While, as one poster already wrote, noone ever seems to be your dedicated server, the majority of the servers don't seem to care. Requests for WATER seem like a burden. One server tends to slam down your drinks every single time I order. Also, god forbid you want to move a chair from another table. This spot is NOT good for large groups.
The only reason I give this place a 3rd star is the Happy Hour can't be beat. The "tapas" are all tasty, and 1/2 price drafts are welcoming. Just don't sit in the dining room unless you want to leave with a bad taste in your mouth.I live around the corner from Devil's Den. I come here once every couple years and am reminded why I don't come more often. It's a comfy place, with a nice fireplace and a good beer list, but the food is so determinedly mediocre. I just went again and got a decent burger, but, right on cue, there was a twist-tie in the side salad. A twist-tie! It's like a parody of incompetent food prep. After I told the waitress, the manager offered me a second beer, which I didn't want, and otherwise did nothing. Also, I'm not into having TVs all over the place (a minority view, I know) and the service is sometimes sluggish. There are so many good little restaurants popping up all over South Philly! I wish this were one of them. It would totally be my local.Very reasonable prices and really amazing food!! They have a great beer selection and I've been there several times and literally never had a bad meal there! It may look like a local neighborhood bar from the outside, but the food there is DELICIOUS!!
Their brownie is by far the best brownie I've ever had in my life (we split it between 3 people and it was even a bit much for us, it was that rich).
I had a duck breast special one night which was the  best duck breast I've ever eaten.
Also yummy on their menu is the grilled duck flatbread. Yum.
The first time I got the chef's tasting menu, which was decadent and delicious. Their chef is a culinary artist and I'll definitely be back again and again!The best beer selection in Philly. Very balanced list. The food is good.
Happy hour between 5-7 Mon-Fri. Half all drafts and their themed Flights of 5 beers (i.e. 5 5 oz IPAs).I have had the chicken sandwich and mussels here, and both were pretty good.  One of their "things" are home made pickles, but unfortunately they are not dill, but more like bread and butter pickles (which is one of the only foods I despise).
They have a decent draft selection, and an extensive bottle selection. The mostly wood interior is nicely done, giving it relaxed feel, without being grungy.  The last time i was there, the bartender said they are hoping to get some outdoor seating (hopefully by mid June), but they were waiting from approval from the city.
I have not had the chance to go there for happy hour, but with 1/2 price drafts, and a special happy hour "tapas" menu, it looks like a great option for a post work drink and small bite.Great beer list. Nice vibe. Good Staff. The food menu seemed too duck-centric. The duck fries have a blob of brown goo on them. Nasty, but some may like it.I think I liked Devil's Den. Maybe because their signage is cool, but still. I think I liked it!
Or maybe because I drank a Roy Pits Ichabod's Midnight Ride Belgian style ale. First of all, ICHABOD'S MIDNIGHT RIDE! So great. Also, Sleepy Hollow? Great movie. Second, it was delicious, if you like sweeter beers. Ugh. So good.
It was strange though, their prices were a little odd. Some beers were rather expensive, while others weren't at all (mine was $4). They had the Franziskaner Heffeweissen for $6, and I know that it's at least a dollar cheaper at Local 44.
The food was good, too, but I didn't really sample enough to know for sure.
If I'm in the area, I'd see myself going back.I waited awhile since my visit to write this review as I was new to the area and wanted to be very fair in what I had to say. 
First, the food is excellent. Props to the kitchen and cooks. I have not tasted a better burger since I've been here and my husband's pulled pork was amazing as well. Crispy, tasty fries, great buns, the food is great.
The décor is nice, it's clean, it's comfortable and relaxed with decent ambiance for a bar/restaurant.
It's a little high in price but that seems to be normal for the stretch it's located in, other places have good burgers for under 13-15$ but really, it's an excellent burger. That's not going to keep me away at all. 
Here's what's kept me from coming back and choosing other places instead. The staff. We came in afternoon on a Monday with only two other people there, both at the bar and we were absolutely treated like an inconvenience. I thought maybe it is just being new to town and this is the normal here, but we've been to a lot of places now and no where else was the wait staff short with us, smack the edge of the table while I was looking at a menu I didn't know to look her in the face, walk past us over and over while we said excuse me for more drinks. We had come in to celebrate and we left feeling very unwelcome. We keep talking about how good the food was, and maybe we should come back but then think, no. We didn't feel good when we left, we came in happy and left full but awkward and wondering if we had done something wrong. We have family coming into town next week and brought up the idea of coming here and the same reason put the idea down. We're from Chicago, people are really rude in Chicago. But we still hadn't been just ignored and treated like we shouldn't even have walked in the door. It was disappointing. This would have been five stars if that hadn't been how things were, and it's why I waited to see if other wait staff is like that in general here, but it hasn't been the case.This place is spitting distance from my house so I go every so often. If it wasn't I'd have no reason to. Food is OK at best however brunch is awful! Good beer menu. Patchy service.Love this place! I haven't stopped in here in a while and did I regret it! I stopped in for lunch and ordered the salmon Blt which was freakinggggg amazing the best Blt bread has been blessed to fill itself with lol and the duck fries  shredded duck confit and ipa cheese sauce over lovely thin crispy fries!!!! And I also orders a deelish Texas honey cider the had on tap! And would up ordering 2 more! I left so full and satisfied! Server was also very attentive and friendly! Hats off to the chef well done as always!I have always wanted to try DD but stayed away due to some mediocre reviews but glad I finally stopped in.  It was refreshing to see an eclectic group of people scattered about the bar and the dining room.  The little food we had consisted of a beet salad and scallops were more than adequate.  The topper was the beer selection which called my name at from every angle.  Our short stay was pleasant and enough to elicit a return.  Definitely a solid choice in an area not too hopping with beer joints with the potential to stand alone.This is a good bar. Their beer selection is good. I have never had a bad meal. Good beer and good food. The atmosphere is positive and the staff is always nice and helpful. It is always a pleasant and relaxing experience going to Devil's Den. During the colder months the warm fire is great. During the warmer months, the open windows and outdoor seating are great. There's one negative. Their glasses, whether pint or small glasses, are always warm. I order a pint, the pint glass is warm. I ask to test a beer, the little glass is warm. Maybe the beer cooler that the glasses sit on gets warm thus warming the glasses that sit on top. Please, I love coming here and will continue but, can a brother get a cold glass? Maybe, just not a warm glass? There's nothing worse than grabbing your freshly poured pint and feeling a warm glass. In review, good bar, good food, good times...warm glasses.It was a Monday night so it wasn't packed (though still quite busy - which says a lot).  I liked the space, but the music was a tad random, and not in a good way.  I can't say much else since I just sat at the bar and drank myself into happiness, but the bartender was quick with a refill.  I hope to go back one day since the food looked/smelled good.I've been to the Devil's Den a handful of times and every time I've enjoyed myself.  The service is pretty good.  The one woman bartender is a tough woman and very sarcastic.  Needless to say she had me laughing while I was drinking my delicious IPA.  The Happy Hour is great(half price drafts) and the beer selection is incredible.  It's very fancy and there are a lot of people that are not the kind of people I'd hang out with going there, but the crowd is much more tolerable than the P.O.P.E. in my opinion.  I'm moving back to South Philly in a couple of months and I think this will become my go to bar for good beer.Good
Fries and
Solid beer
List. The music
Was all over the place. Sports on tv.Sensational Scallop appetizer special tonight, great atmosphere, awesome music.  Will be back.Back where I'm from, there's a place called Shawarma King which specializes in Mediterranean food.
Wait, hold on.  This is going somewhere.
Alright, so they have good Mediterranean food but they thought ahead to that stick-in-the-mud-type who doesn't want to try anything beyond a what they could find at an Applebee's.  So, this Mediterranean place has such things as hamburgers to placate these types. 
Well, it turns out that if you're a vegetarian, your choices are also limited at this place so it became quite humorous when my friend, a vegetarian, ordered a "grilled cheese sandwich" and got a single piece of yellow kraft american cheese between a white hamburger bun.  
The Devil Den's vegetarian sandwich is even more comical than that. 
Yes, they had good beer and my sandwich was alright but I wish I could have had my camera to capture my girlfriend's face when her vegetarian sandwich was put in front of her. It was about as excited as when she opens her Christmas present from her extremely out of touch grandma.Although I wouldn't knock off a star for it, I can't recommend going here for Friday happy hour anymore.
Devil's Den maintains the high honor as my favorite South Philly bar for happy hour.  A phenomenal frequently rotating and massive tap list at half price from 5-7 Monday through Friday.  I regularly get amazing beers here for unbelievably economical prices.
The reason for this update?  Many, many other intelligent beer drinkers have discovered this place and the service on Fridays has suffered tremendously.  The service at both the bar and at tables is often pretty slow considering we're just ordering beers.  I've felt a bit ignored and then when ordering had to feel guilty for trying to put in a beer order for all of my friends at once (who have had a dry glass for 10-15 minutes).  The service has also bordered on downright rude.  One time I asked if there was still time for happy hour prices, was told "You got it boss," put in my order and then everything came full price on our receipt.  When I complained I was scolded by the bartender for ordering beers "last minute."  Is this not a universal happy hour tradition?
I figure they just lack the amount of servers and tenders needed for how busty happy hour gets.  Regardless, I recommend avoiding Fridays and coming ANY other week night.  And DO GO any other week night.Outstanding service & great beer/drink selection. Good people in this establishment. Happy hour food deals is always nice. Great spot.Last time I went to Devil's Den I remember horrible service, okay food and 3 lines tapped with no replacements in sight. My last visit, however, was much improved. This place first landed on my radar for the happy hour. M-F 5-7 gets you half priced drinks. And that's on top of the already reasonable prices. For beer selection, Devil's Den doesn't disappoint. Even though I don't go often, they always have something new for me to try, and I really appreciate that.
The decor here is great, I really like this place and it has a great long wooden bar. There are a few large screen TVs. I went here to watch a hockey game, and while there was music playing all night, the bartender turned up the TV's audio all the way so I could here the game a little bit. The service here does need some work. Everyone just seems to be moving on a slower pace, but it wasn't horrible.
I like the menu here. Dan ordered a raw meat platter and he enjoyed that. It had a lot of interesting different pairings, and the only complaint would be that it wasn't very filling for $15. I ordered the burger, my standard go-to. I ordered a cheeseburger, but it came out without my cheese. It was a few minutes before I could even get the bartender's attention to get it fixed, but I got a free beer for the ordeal. No harm, ho foul. There was harm in how it was cooked. I ordered medium rare, and it wasn't even close. No part of the inside of my burger was pink. The bread is great, the fries are good, and its served with a great aioli. If it came out with my cheese and cooked to order, I would be pretty satisfied. I was also out with Quinn, who is a lover of well done burgers, and she was still talking about it a few days later. I'm definitely willing to give it another go.
Bottom Line: They have a great happy hour here, good beer selection, and reasonable prices. It's not amazing, but Devil's Den is a welcomed retreat, especially in winter when you cozy up next to the fireplace, which brings the whole place up a notch on a blustery evening.Moved to the neighborhood a few months back and was quite excited to hear there was a great beer bar nearby. There's no doubt the selection is pretty impressive (they even have my favourite beer from back home, which the baretenders mis-pronounce) and it's comparatively priced with other like bars in Philly.
However, the food is very bland and the atmosphere non existent. The only time we sat in the restaurant, we were made to wait 45 mimutes, having been given a 10 minute wait estimate and we were served very slowly by 2 different waitresses. The food was very over-priced for the low quality, I hope their cook doesn't consider him/herself a chef.
1 star for beer selection and a 2nd for having my favorite. No stars for food, atmosphere or service.Food is hit or miss, and a little overpriced for the portions. The wait staff is subpar and the management is terrible. Used to like going here but there are a few bad experiences that have changed my opinion of this place.I've been here dozens of times and have *never* been disappointed. They have an enormous beer list, the ambiance is great, and the food is always excellent. This is my go-to place for drinks with friends. The bartenders are always nice, attentive, and knowledgeable about the beer list. The waitstaff are also prompt and pleasant. Excellent happy hour specials on both food and drinks. Can't say enough nice things about Devil's Den, but I will say one more: The fireplace is so cozy in the winter. 
Love this place.went there again in the winter during a snow storm. like i said it's the closest bar to my house, so it was the logical choice. i loved the hot fireplace. the beers are great. made the mistake of eating again. i ordered the $16 chicken pot pie, hoping it was at least as good as the one at the Standard Tap. It wasn't close. It was more like a bowl of chicken pot pie campbells soup, with the crust sitting on top. That's right, no crust underneath the soup. I'm pretty embarrassed that I ordered the $16 pot pie to begin with. But it was a blizzard and it sounded so good. My lady ordered a veggie quesadilla, which was disgusting. But like i said, the beers are good, and it's cozy in there.First time at this place. Surprisingly satisfied with the food. I got the garlic-hummus pita and pretzel buns with spicy mustard (both on sweet happy hour  menu). Really flavorful. I'm a sucker for warm, crusty carbs. The beer I didn't try, but they have a robust menu. I did have a sip of the cider. Dry and crisp. The wine I was not satisfied with. I got a house cab on happy hour... and it was so distasteful I couldn't drink it. The bartender noticed that I wasn't drinking, however, and questioned. He was awesome and gave me a new glass of wine, which tasted much better. Can't knock the service. Good experience. Pretty packed on a Thursday night.Service sucks! I was ignored by the two male servers while sitting outside, it wasn't so busy that they were too busy to get to me, they completely ignored me until I walked inside and grabbed my own menu and asked to be  seated.  I was nice just so that jerky red headed waiter wouldn't spit in my food. 
I only stayed because I was waiting for a friend there and she knew the chef, after all the waiting the food was really good so I had to give the extra star.I went to the Den twice in three days. First a group of seven and then just a two top. 
My big group was a Saturday night with no reservation. Surprisingly we were only waiting at the bar for 15mins before seating. Service overall was great. 
If you like beer like I do..(I like it alot) then you should be pleased with the Devil's selection. It's vast. The cocktail and beer menu has a short but informative description. Everything from ales to lagers.I had heard some good things about the new pub Devil's Den, so we headed to South Philly.  After nearly walking by the place since it only has a chalk board on the street as a sign, we were pleasantly surprised to find 16 beers on tap and old friend and fellow Delco Guy Randy Walker behind the 15 seat bar.  After trying a few of Randy's suggestions, my companion passed on a Hennepin in favor of an EXCELLENT Ayinger Brau Weisse and I went with a Maredsous 8.  Anytime you can get two beers of this quality on tap, things are looking good.
Then we ordered the Mussels au Lager.  We should have stopped with the beer.  My companion's second shell creature was so bad it made her gag.  I had a few good ones before I had to admit some were good and some were just plain awful.  It seemed as though a good batch was mixed in with an old batch.  I soldiered on, while my companion ate the very good fries while passing on the below-average side of mayo.
The mussels necessitated a trip to the very nicely done bathroom, and we paid up and headed out.  While I loved the location, ambiance, beer selection and HD TVs,  bad mussels and good beer is a combination I can find lots of places.  Given that friends had a similar recent experience at Devil's Den, I'm not sure I can recommend the food.  Do drop in and see the proud new papa behind the bar though!In all the times I've visited Devil's Den, I think I may have had the food one time.  And honestly, I was already a few beers deep and can't really remember anything about it.
So I'm going to talk about their Happy Hour.
What a great deal they have here!  Monday through Friday, from 5 to 7, half priced draft beers.  Now at a generic bar that serves generic beer it may not be that exciting, but Devil's Den has one of the best beer selections around.  Each time I've visited, I've been able to try a new beer that was absolutely delicious.  They also offer beer flights (which I've never sampled)
Scene wise, it's a pretty chill atmosphere.  I hate those happy hours where everyone's in a suit, and you feel like a bum if you went home and changed. You know those type of happy hours I am talking about!  
The only bad thing is that the bar area tends to get a little crowded.  There are tables on the wall across the bar and it makes it difficult to stand around-- we usually try to get there as early as possible to stake out bar stools.
Another nice thing about Devil's Den is that 11th street has a decent amount of street parking- if you are coming from work in your car, that is clutch.  Just don't drink and drive!  I'm serious!A friend lives in the area and raves about this place. I read several reviews here as well and the food looked tantalizing....Our party of three went to Devil's Den and a scorching Sunday afternoon. I was looking forward to some icy air conditioning, but it wasn't all that cool in there.  We sat at the bar for a few drinks. We sampled some of their sour selections. Apricot and then a ginger offering. Interesting, but couldn't see drinking more that a sample.
 The bartender recommended a German bottled beer, Gaffel Kolsch.  It was delicious and I had several.  The menu was small, seemed to be pared down for the summer season. Not many of the items that I see being reviewed (veggie quesadillas, pulled pork nachos, short rib cheesesteak) appeared.  We ordered wings, Mussels diablo and nachos. The wings were huge, meaty and hot.  Decent wings. The mussels came in a flavorful broth that had pieces of bacon and garlic visible. Garlic bread was served with the mussels, as well as a side of fries.  The fries were shoestring style, but limp and soggy.  Our nachos took forever and they ended up taking them off the check since we waited so long. The nachos were not that good. They weren't cheesy, had no guacamole, olives or jalopenos. Just chips with black refried beans, a splash of salsa and a weird white tasteless glob. Couldn't tell if it was sour cream or some sort of cheese. 
Staff were all friendly and personable. I got the feeling that this place was summer slacking food wise. Would like to come back in the fall when hopefully more effort is made.Cool little spot. Food was really good, beer selection was small but on-point. Music on the jukebox/bartenders iPod was great. Really enjoyed myself here.