The breakfast was passable  and reasonably priced but I was not impressed.  I'll have to try lunch.The perfect lunch spot. While it isn't the cheapest one, it's definitely a quality option for this area. It's two blocks from my building, but I choose it over Cosi, which I walk by, every time. The soup selection is phenomenal - I recommend the Gazpacho - and it rotates daily. The salads I have no had but they look very fresh and have lots of variety. The sandwiches are absolutely great - and customizable. 
The structure is a bit overwhelming if you don't know what you want, but the employees are patient. You can also order offline (Seamless) and it will be ready within 10 minutes.
It's not difficult to score a seat though outside seating can get packed on a pretty day. However, it's also a fantastic grab and go spot, whether you head back to the grind or want to sit in Love Park and enjoy the fountain, summertime concert series, or possibly some homeless bum bathing.Very cool place and so much better than any Starbucks. Really fresh sandwiches and bagels. Their cream cheese is great. They should only change the music. Club music is not a fit for that place. Too loud and distractive.Always a solid lunch spot.  I go frequently for soup - I usually order either tomato basil or some variation of chili, depending on what they have that day, and it is consistently good.  Be aware that the lunch rush is really chaotic here, there is limited seating, and this place is definitely on the expensive side.  That being said, I continue happily coming back for more.Thank god this place came to my building at work!! So convenient to not have to go outside if it is a bad day. I always do a create my own salad. They have amazing fresh ingredients. They get you in and out even if there is a long line. I have never tried a sandwich but they look amazing. Prices are the same as like saladworks but it is a way better salad. Great lunch option!It's a nice, quaint little restaurant off to the side of the Starbuck's on Market Street.  Huge variety--there's a sandwich for everyone at lunchtime.  The breakfast selection is less accommodating but I was still pleased with the scone and pastry I ate.  It's pricey for what you're getting, but they're quick and efficient which is valuable when you're only in town for a couple days.I think I'm finally ready to give this place up. It's just so darn conveniently located and that's why I've kept coming back, but I really need to stop going here, for several reasons:
Not only is it overpriced, but they've also tried to overcharge me a few times for my salad (twice, that I know about). Today was the second time. I've been coming here for awhile and I guess I just never paid much attention to the price that the guys behind the salad counter would write down. My friend mentioned that they overcharged her one day, so when I went here about a week ago I added up what I got (I only ever get the 50 cent toppings) and it turned out they wrote the wrong amount on my salad...so I thought okay it happens, the cashier fixed it at the counter. But if I hadn't paid attention I would've been overcharged. I wonder now how many times I have been.
So today I go there again for lunch, and the guy writes $6.75 on my salad. I didn't order any toppings for 75 cents, as I never do. I ordered 5 x 50 cent toppings, so it should have been $6.00. Why would he write $6.75? Was he adding wrong or trying to overcharge me? I am not sure. But this happened twice in two weeks so I'm wondering what's up. I spoke up at the cashier and they fixed it again, but I had to almost fight to prove my point. This probably happens all day because I bet most people just don't pay attention. So, if you care about not overpaying for your salad, just pay attention because they certainly don't.
The thing that made me stop going here before was finding a hair in my salad on two occasions. I didn't go here for about 6 months or more because that just totally skeeved me out. But the convenience factor brought me back in. The other thing that drives me nuts about this place which someone else mentioned is how the salad toppings get all mixed in with each other. A few times I've gotten a shrimp in there or pieces of bacon. I'm not vegan/vegetarian or allergic to anything, but I could be. I guess if I was any of those things I would be way more careful or not go to a place like this, but I just wanted to point out how sloppy it is to get a piece of shrimp in my salad when I didn't order it.
So really the only thing this place has going for it now, in my opinion, is convenience, but I'm not sure if that outweighs all the negative things I've mentioned above.I grab food here at least once a week. The make-your-own salad is my favorite and the guys behind the counter are so friendly. There's a fantastic selection of options for lunch, there's space to dine in (and you can snag Starbucks' Wifi), but the baked good (brownies particularly) are waaay overpriced.This place was spotty at best on having a good variety of bagels for the morning.  Their onion bagels were usually very good.  I went into the place this Tuesday morning and they are no longer baking (or carrying) bagels.  You will never find me in here again.I like this place.  The food is good, but a little pricey.  I would like to see combo specials like soup and salad or sandwich.  I also like to eat in, but the small seating area makes it difficult.  I guess it's a price they pay for being good.Can get kind of crowded at lunch because the location is really, really convenient, but the lines move fairly quickly. I like that the soups, salads, and sandwiches are straightforward and you know what you're getting ingredients-wise. I think the process of having the bowls of greens packed already and handing them to the person is novel and helps move things along. It is rather pricey, though... Avocado is a dollar extra (I could buy a whole avocado for a dollar myself!!), which I know is par for the course, but still. I've never had a sandwich here (and probably won't anyway, because I don't eat meat or cheese) but they look pretty good.Stopped here for Breakfast on my way to teach a workshop.  The food was well prepared and delicious, the space was quiet and warm, and the folks working here were super helpful to a first time customer.  It was a great breakfast and even greater service!Charged me $1 extra for a kaiser roll rather than a wrap.
Less eggs too.
F this place!
Thank god there will be a Wawa opening on the next block.
I'm done with this over priced place!Came here because I had 48 minutes to kill on my parking time. Ordered a small iced cranberry lemonade. The cashier's first language isn't English and did not know what I wanted. She first pointed at all the tea bags and looked at me for an answer. I didn't know what she was asking so I simply nodded. The lady in line behind me asked, "what is she doing?" And I shrugged. She then made me hot green tea. I corrected her and said "iced cranberry lemonade" and she looked at me like I had three heads. After stating my order several times, she tossed my drink into a plastic cup of ice and nicely gave me a straw. I was thirsty so I just took it. Not angry, but now I'll forever wonder what an iced cranberry lemonade could have tasted like....I dream about this place and get so excited on days when I am close enough to eat here for lunch. Everything is so fresh and so delicious. They have the best avocado. Lunch is expensive but worth it.If it weren't for the prices, I would come here so much more often. This is in such a convenient location on Market street with a lot of outdoor seating. It's a great work breakfast/lunch spot. I love their variety of soups, sandwiches, and options at the salad bar. Everything is always ridiculously fresh. 
It does tend to get crowded during lunch hours, but the staff is friendly and accommodating. I recently had the vegetarian chili and I have to say that I really enjoyed it. You could tell it was cooked for a long time because of the color and thickness. I definitely recommend!During the rush hour the Manager isn't helping her employees. She's just sitting inside the kitchen texting and didn't bother to help them. Especially the Chef who's manning in the food counter doesn't use any safety measures like gloves and hairnet which is the protocol when it comes to food. I saw the Chef using his bare hand picking the food in the container and making my sandwich without his hairnet. And the said Chef doesn't have any Food and Safety Sanitation Certificate at all. 
Some of the employees of this establishment doesn't have enough training to know all the proper rules and regulations of the store.I'm at a nearby hotel for work.  The line at starbucks was a mile long and I decided to look to see if there was something else nearby.  Lucky me I found this spot.  Delicious egg wrap and large coffee, out the door in 2 mins!  Breakfast was great, thank you!1801 Market St - The sandwiches I have had are wonderful.  The service is HORRIBLE, unprofessional and very childish type of behavior.  Today I asked for Cranberry sauce for my sandwich was told they were out.  The person that expressed this to me had very broken English, so I asked the manager.  She told me that if that is what he said that that is the way it is.  I wasn't even sure I understood him and am surprised that they are even out of the sauce and honestly think they were being lazy and lied.  The manager snatched the sandwich out of my hand when I told her I didn't want it without the cranberry sauce.  She rolled her eyes as she usually does when I ask for sauce however today she stepped up the unprofessionalism a notch to snatching food out of my hands and stomping off.  This restaurant does not seem like the type of place to employ this type of person however the location on 18th/Market needs to be seriously looked at.  There are plenty of people that need jobs, why employ people who clearly do not care about your reputation or the professionalism and customer service expected?I really wanted to like this restaurant because of its location and the sandwiches looked like they were good. I had the homemade chicken noodle soup and the mozzarella tomato and basil panini. Soup was nothing special and the sandwich was bland. No flavor none whatsoever. My husband and I both had soup and the same panini for $31.32.  Once again I really have to put emphasis on No Flavor!!Huge salad bar selection of fresh ingredients for customizable take-away salads. They also have many soup and sandwich choices, all very reasonably priced! Good bang for your buck! Awesome lunch spot.The food is good, albeit pricey. But never order online, literally every time i order, whether through their website or grubhub, it's always always wrong. Very annoying when you're trying to get something quick and easy for lunch during a work day.Never has there been a more mediocre eatery.  Nothing is very good but nothing is very bad either.  Despite my uninspiring feelings towards this place, I eat here almost every single day.  You see, when I lived in NYC I grew very fond of the "build your own salad" concept - not all that novel really.  When I moved back to Philly, I found this to be a very underserved market.  It really bothered me.  I craved a QUALITY lunch establishment where I could build my own salad.  Then Honeygrow opened. I love Honeygrow. It is wonderful and exactly what I dreamed of. But its pretty far from my office and its always mobbed.  So I am unable to commit to it the way I want to commit to a salad place.
Then I discovered Devon & Blakley - I remembered it from NYC, where I used to eat D&B soups.  It totally fit the bill.  Exactly what I was looking for. So I started eating lunch here every.single.day.  I love the variety of topping options, the sourdough bread that comes with salads and how fast it is. But mostly, I just love that it's a decent salad that is close to my office.  If I had any other decent options, I would not go here.  Why? Because it really, really annoys me that they throw the toppings around and mix them up and you inevitably get an onion in your salad that came from the container of cucumbers even though you really hate onions. Like REALLY hate them. But I have not found anywhere else that has the variety of options at the good price point that D&B offers. 
So, basically, I go to Devon & Blakely because it is just ok and moderately priced and apparently that will have to do for now.Never going here during lunch rush again.  Honestly I love that this place has tofu but the cross contamination during the lunch rush- while understandable - is actually unacceptable. 
I asked for tofu and I got chicken in my salad.  (Along with the tofu!) I also received unasked for baby corn, some chickpeas I did not request and some carrot shreds from a dirty display area.  
Most of the "additions" did not alarm me, until I saw the chicken. 
This place was nice about it and gave me a refund- but you can best believe I will not be coming back soon!The food is overpriced...the other day they tried to charge me for a side of ketchup for my egg sandwich. I got sick twice from eating there in the past 2 months.I have been going to Devon & Blakely in Philadelphia since they opened.... well lately everytime I go the prices at the register are different.  I just got egg salad in a small container and it was $8.50. It used to be $6.00 and I thought that was pricey.  I will not be returning. And don't bother talking to the manager she just brushes you off.I ordered a simple chicken Ceasar salad. When I sat down to eat it, it was disgusting. It was swimming in dressing and the chicken was so dry, the entire thing was inedible. 
I brought it back to the cashier and told her it was gross and I couldn't eat it. She called over a manager who asked if I asked for extra dressing. WTF? If I wanted soup I would have asked for soup. 
This place needs to take responsibility for their employee's mistakes and stand behind their product, not put it off on the Customer. 
She obviously was trying to blame me for their shitty salad. My money was refunded and I went elsewhere. Won't be back.Busy, busy , busy!
This grab-and-go lunch spot is in the heart of Philadelphia's business buildings, right on the Northwest corner of 18th and Market.
Choose from a dozen pre-made sandwiches, or create your own salad.
I got an avocado/veggie sandwich on whole grain. With tax, $7.83. Not bad, not great. Is this groundbreaking, inspirational food? Nah, but the ingredients were fresh, and that's all that really matters.
They also had about eight different soups- it was far too warm out to try them, but I see D&B being a refuge for a warm, cozy lunch once fall rolls around again.I continuously try Devon and Blakely as it is right next to my work but every time I am disappointed. When I get to the front of the line to order salad I always feel rushed to make my decisions on what I want in my salad because the person behind the counter is saying "Next" before I even finish saying the current ingredient. Also there prep space for salads is extremely messy that even time I inevitably end up with a mystery ingredient in my salad, aka a topping that I did not order; which is a problem for people who don't eat everything, like myself a pescetarian.Great lunch spot in the city for soups, salads, and sandwiches. While I find the salads a little overpriced, it's on par with the rest of Center City, and totally customizable. There is a decent selection of wraps to choose from, as well as 18 soups every day. 
I've had soup for lunch from D&B a few times this week, and I've got to admit, I've been converted from my usual soups at Au Bon Pain. 
The lines are a little hectic inside, but the service is pretty quick and friendly.Totally, utterly, and completely overpriced.  I just wanted a quick sandwich.  I looked in the case and saw a ham and cheese sandwich for $9.50.  I said ehh, fine, whatever.  Then I saw them pick up, what I interpreted to be, half a sandwich.  I thought I was getting a half portion because maybe they thought it was part of a soup or salad combo.  It wasn't.  When I was charged the full price, I actually had to raise the issue.  Apparently, $9.50 at Devon and Blakely gets you a sandwich that is half the size of normal sandwiches, and this "sandwich" was a couple of slices of meat and some congealed cheese on pita bread.  Come on guys, this isn't New York.I ate here during the lunch time rush when it gets very crowded very fast. The line moves quickly though even if you are in a rush. There are two lines to order from: the salad section and the sandwich section. It seems that the salads are more popular than the sandwiches which are premade and are kept behind a glass screen. When ordering a salad you pick up an already packaged greens mixture (either kale, romaine or spring mix), which comes in a smaller size and a large size. I would highly avoid the large size unless you plan on sharing your salad with others. Next you bring the container up so that they can mix in toppings and dressings that you choose. It can be stressful when ordering because there are so many options and it's hard to actually see all of the toppings when it's busy. I ended up getting the romaine mix with dried cranberries, cucumber, shaved parmesan and chicken with Caesar dressing. This came up to 9.25 before tax. The salad definitely tasted fresh but I think it would be nice if they had suggested salad creations at a pre set price (like sweetgreen does) to make it more economical and easier to order. While the salad was good, I don't think I can't justify coming here when I can get the same salad at sweetgreen and collect on their reward program. Overall would I come back? Yes, but I'm not craving it or dying to come
Back.Salads are awesome
BRUSSELS SPOUTS AND BAKED ARTICHOKES TOO. 
Cashiers could be quicker but overall is a nice cozy place with soups and winter coming up.Prices are on par with what you get. I only go for the salads. They are made to order, and the ingredients are fresh. I always get the big bowl of lettuce, and add a few items. I usually get out of there for $10 bucks. If you dont like big salads you can easily divide into to two to share. Now you have a $5 salad. This place is slighty more expensive than Salad Works, and much better. 
One of the best salad places in the city.Great sandwiches and love crab and corn soup. You can also make a pretty awesome salad here.  Fast in and out even when the line  is longMy first 2 experiences with D&B was with their catering. The sandwiches were solid and they offered a few options that weren't just your basic ham and cheese or Italian.  My favorite items were their many side salads.  Standouts were the brussel sprouts, cauliflower, and roasted veggies.
On a cold winter day, I went over to get a first hand experience.  The folks were super friendly and helpful.  I went with a mozzarella, prosciutto, and roasted red pepper panini.  It was tasty.  Like most folks have said, they are a bit pricey...even for these parts.  However, it is a special treat other than the other basic SSS (Soup, Sandwich, Salad) places around these parts.I've eaten at D&B a ton of times, but only in the DC locations. The food is great and the service is quick. I have usually gotten the salads made-to-order style. Wraps I've had are always pretty good and fresh. Corn bread is pretty awesome. 
I haven't been to the Philly one, but understand the criticism on the price of the lunch. I can walk out of the DC location with paying about 10.20 for lunch w/drink so maybe they need to lower the Philly prices as cost of living is about half what it is in DC and NYC. I definitely see a lot of people going here that are probably on expense accounts. Cosi and Saladworks have similar products, but a lot less than 13.00. 
Food is good. Price could be more reasonable.Although Devon & Blakely quickly became a staple in my lunch rotation, I must say that the past few visits have been less than par. No napkins and no utensils. No offering of bread with my soup. And worst of all: finding out that when you add avocado in your salad, they now only give you 1/4 of an avocado rather than 1/2 - but still charge you the same price.This place is worth the brief lines you have to stand in during the lunch rush. I haven't tried the sandwiches yet but the salads are the best "fast food" you can get. Pick from romaine, kale, spinach or arugala as a base then add whatever ingredients you want. Beats going to Saladworks or Honeygrow. I get whatever I want and leave with a packed salad for $2-$4 less than its competitors. If you haven't been here yet I highly suggest it!Salads, soups & sandwiches, oh my! If you're looking for lots of sandwich options, made to order salads (with lots of topping choices) and 18 soup options daily, then this is your spot. Everything here moves fast, so try to figure out what you want quick. All food is to the right, starting with the pre-made sandwiches. Tell someone behind the counter what you want, and it will be wrapped up & handed to you in no time. Then the salad station, grab your choice of greens from in front of the pillar in the center of the store, and hand it to someone behind the counter to begin adding your toppings. The topping list is long, and I always feel a bit pressured to decide what I want immediately, so I always try to check the menu out online ahead of time to be prepared. After the salads is the soups. Their wide variety of soups is actually what first brought me here. I was looking for something equivalent to Hale & Hearty soups located in NYC, and this place is a nice local replacement for it. They have vegetarian & gluten free soup options as well.
Food is fresh and has high turnover. Employees are nice, helpful & they get you in & out fast. Salads can get a bit pricey if you add in a ton of toppings. Either way, one of my favorite quick lunch spots in Philly!I've only gone a few times strictly because of convenience, right near my office. Each time I go I'm in hopes that it'll be better, but each time is a disappointment. I've never had tomato soup that has chunks of carrots and corn in it, was odd. And if you want a salad you pick out a container from a shelf in the middle of the entrance area that has lettuce in it, bring it to the counter and they add your toppings. I just think it's odd that they have lettuce sitting out all day not refrigerated. And their sandwiches aren't made fresh. If you're just really hungry, gets the job done but definitely not worth the calories or price. Also very over priced for the quality. If you want a good salad go to Sweetgreen down the street. I give this place one star because the staff was friendly enough. I know I shouldn't complain because there are people in this world that are starving. But yea don't recommend plenty of better  lunch spots in the area.Finally found an awesome lunch place for delivery! Love the fact that I can order online, create my own salad and have it delivered in a decent time. Food is fresh and their lunch boxes are adorable!Today I grabbed my lunch here for the first time and all I can say is yaaaaaaaaassssssssssssssssssssssssssss queennnnnnn!Today was perhaps my 10th time at D&B, and most likely my last.  I like the concept they have; however, I do NOT like the pricing - especially when you are charged a higher price than what they mark on the custom made salad lid.  As previous reviews stated, you feel VERY rushed in there..."NEXT"..."NEXT"..."NEXT".  Geez, for the prices they charge, you should be able to take your time!  Also, and as mentioned in previous reviews, the cross contamination of other ingredients is VERY common.  They also skimp on the salad dressing, so don't be afraid to stand there and ask for more (while, of course, you are being rushed out of there). The soups are delicious but incredibly expensive.  So, if you are looking for a very tasty and expensive soup, and/or a salad with misc other ingredients in it...all while being rushed, and overpaying for your order...this is your place!*Review for catering* Lily, thank you so much for your help! Wonderful customer service. The catering service was impeccable. Punctual delivery. Accomdating to your needs. I had a lot of questions about the food, and she answered them with patience. It's pricey for sandwiches, salad, and desserts, but you get your money's worth. For example, they put ingredients that would normally cost a lot (salmon, avocado, decorated desserts, etc.) They added real leaves and flowers as a part of the catering, which I thought it was a nice touch and pretty. The catering presentation is above average. It doesn't look like take-out food, but it's not drop dead gorgeous presentation.This is right downtown, close to work, so I find myself popping in and out of here often. I've had breakfast and lunch several times and have been satisfied. They have a solid variety of breakfast sandwiches to choose from, the only complaint I have is that they microwave whatever you choose. The sandwiches, wraps, etc would benefit much more if they were grilled on a panini press. The microwave seems like a weak and lazy attempt to heat things up. For lunch, I typically gravitate toward the freshly made salads. You can choose a small or large bowl, then hand it over the counter where you can build your own salad. Be sure to check the salad because sometimes the spring mix is wilted and wet if it sits too long. The staff is very friendly though, and eager to help you. They have many options for toppings too which is nice, but be careful how many you choose ;) it could get pricey.Great city location for lunch with plenty of options. I frequent here about once a week. Would go more if the food were priced more reasonably. Today I paid $18 for a grilled cheese and small soup. At that price point you could sit down at a four/five star restaurant.It's ok, a bit pricey. The kale could be cut smaller and 50 cents for each item for a salad is crazy. I have to say the soups are good. Won't make to many trips here.Good selection but too pricey and chaotic. If short on time and need something on-the-go, Au Bon Pain has salads and soups that are prepared that you can grab.The concept here is exciting -- 
(i) pickup a pre-made sandwich at the counter, or 
(ii) grab a salad bowl that's already filled with greens or
(iii) get some soup  or 
(iv) do some mixture of all of the above
Coming from california, land of salad and healthy food, the toppings here were a bit disappointing. Chicken breast option was tasty though a bit dry. The res of the toppings tasted processed though (canned corn, canned corn kernels, frozen edamame, raw sliced button mushrooms, celery) so I was a little disappointed.  $7.50 in total, so not super expensive.
Dressing was decent, multi-grain bread was OK, chicken noodle soup ($2.75 per cup) tasted pre-made.
Staff there very friendly, location is a bit loud if you want to sit down.The manager at Devon & Blakely, Janie, is very unprofessional and rude. I've been going there for more than three years and my overall impression of her is that she's arrogant. She doesn't care about the customers, she's argumentative, even when they've clearly made an error on an order and she treats the employees like they're sweat shop workers. She makes the experience at Devon and Blakely highly unpleasant. I would avoid her at all costs and consider going to another deli.Stopped in for a breakfast sandwich this morning. When i unwrapped to eat it, it was burned. No wonder it took so long.This is only my second even Yelp review but I felt so strongly I joined Yelp specifically to review this place. Their intentions are good and the food is alright but the prices are a bit out of whack with the restaurants (and food carts!) surrounding them. It was $8 for grapefruit juice and a bagel. The place tends to get crowded and clogged up in the mornings and at lunch. Today I tried one of their rice crispy treats and it was soggy and overly sweet. I'm absolutely boggled by the ability to bungle the perfection that is a Rice Crispy Treat (made with actual Rice Crispy cereal as revealed by their ingredient list). Their whole wheat bagels are alright and if I ever go back it'll be in the hopes that they have some past the breakfast rush.An acceptable alternative to the subway nearby, though my foray into their cheddar avocado left me underwhelmed. It's an okay sandwich spot.Absolute favorite lunch spot to grab-n-go... Huge soup selection (plus you can add toppings like cheese, croutons or jalapeños), make your own salad, make your own sandwich... And everything is fresh and delicious!
Only downside: this fab spot is not open on the weekends!Why do people love this place? It's outrageously expensive. Yes, the soups are decent but $6.50 for a small?? C'monnnn. Also, what does a girl have to do to get a piece of fresh fruit in her oatmeal? They look at me like I have 5 heads when I ask for banana, and the last time I asked for strawberries I was charged extra for a whopping two berries. I'll skip it.I remember when this place opened, and I walked past thinking I would stop in one day but never got around to it. On Monday, I happened to be walking by and there was a man outside holding a tray of sandwich "samples". 
Free Food? I'm there!
I tasted a sample of some sort of turkey sandwich with cranberry chutney on a pumpernickel roll. Delish! (Although i could've used more chutney)
I had no other choice but to go in and sample their wares. To be honest, they have a HUGE selection of fresh items, and a lot of gourmet sandwiches and tons of soups.
I got a small salad and a carrot ginger soup and it came to $13.00. I'm not a cheapskate, but $13 for lunch without a beverage included is highway robbery!
The other thing is, the salads, while made fresh for you, cost, per ingredient, which is odd. A small salad is 3.50 but that's just the lettuce. tomatoes are like 30 cents, onions are like 10 cents, artichoke is like 20 cents. etc. So if you pile on the stuff, feel free to spend... well... $13.00.
I also tasted the Thai curry soup, which was hot and spicy and flavorless and also thin as water. If it were a little thicker it would've been better.
The carrot-ginger took some getting used to, but it was pretty good (once i doused  it with salt and pepper)
You can try this place out, if its a pay week, and get something pretty good, just don't expect it to be GREAT.Meh.  Just like the ones in NYC - over priced but quck and convient with food that looks better than it tastes.
And $3.50 for a small bowl of lettuce (add ingredients to make a salad) is robbery!
And my egg bagel was flavorless and slightly stale.
Won't be back.Not very impressive.  11.50 for a small soup and a cup of fruit salad.   The gentleman ringing me up asked if I wanted bread, I said yes please... I guess he was just wondering because he didn't give me bread.   A man was in line in front of me asked for vegetarian soup but the lady poured him a meaty soup, when he pointed out her error she just poured the soup back and used the same container to put his vegetarian soup in.  Service is not great food is okay but not worth the price.I decided to drop in and grab some soup one day. I never noticed that the soups had no lid. Well when I saw flies swarming around the soup, I was done. Then I thought.......hmmm there may be flies that drowned in the soup as there is nothing covering the soup. I then walked out. Please,please,please cover the soups with lids.Devon and Blakely is the perfect stop for a quick lunch. They are my favorite place to go in the city to get a salad because they have a wide variety of toppings (more than usual) and salad dressings. During the lunch hour rush it can get pretty crowded but the employees are very good about keeping the lines moving (both to order food and to check out). If you can't find a lunch option here that you like, you must be picky!Had the grilled chicken and the turkey hummus wrap and was not impressed by either. "Toasting" the grilled chicken just made the bun disintegrate and left the meat cold. Stick with Corner Bakery on 17th.I work in the building where Devon and Blakely is and it's a convenient lunch spot.  The food is fine but the prices just keep going up.  Today my morning scone was $3.19 and yesterday it was $2.73.  Minus the tax, the price went up $.45 which seems like an excessive increase considering the size of the scone has gotten smaller.  From now on it'll just be a place to get food in an emergency or if it's raining and I don't want to go outside!Ordered the smoked turkey sandwich toasted. Went back to my office to enjoy my lunch. Mouse poo was on the bottom of my sandwichAmazing food AND amazing service. I happened to wander in looking for a cafe mocha (which wasn't on their menu but they were more than happy to make anyway) but when I saw the display case full of fresh, beautiful food...I decided I was also hungry. After careful deliberation and help from the staff, I went with a crab cake sandwich. Safe to say that was one of the top 5 best decisions I've made in my nearly 30 years on this earth. SO GOOD! It also came with sweet potato fries - always a hit with me. But doubt started brewing in my heart when I realized that not only were they not fried, but they were also cold. What kind of foolishness is that? Joke was on me though because the fries were as wonderful as the sandwich!! And long story short, I'm going back today. This time I'll try to hold off for 5 seconds so I can take a pic to post with this review. No promises though!Always saw crowds here. Tried today. Got chicken salad sandwich chips and soda. $14. They charged me for ice. Sandwich pretty boring. Way overpriced. Not worth it.  Won't come here again. Hear the soup is good. Maybe I'll try that.wow people love to hate.... i think this place is great!  it's really more like 4 1/2 stars but i like rounding up! 
when I first walked in I have to say i was a bit overwhelmed - now that i know how the place flows I'll be more comfortable.  It's a little hectic and you have to deal with the business lunchers trying to get in and out as fast as possible!  Just take a breath and get the layout:  the first stop is sandwiches, then cold/premade sides, then the customizable salad bar, then finally soups!  What is more classic than some sort of soup, salad, sandwich combo? Nothing! and this place gives you a LOT to work with.  I could see myself eating here every day and always getting some kind of different combination. 
When you first walk in you have the premade sandwiches AND you can edit them - so if you're a control freak this is a good start. Veggie readers take note of the avocado/hummus sandwich - i didn't order it but it looked great! then you can move onto the premade sides - indian channa, grilled veggies, brussels sprouts, (sorry I'm a vegan - i seem to gloss over the meat options.) Then the salad bar - i had a large spinach (grab the pre-filled lettuce bowl from the center of the shop) with tofu, carrots, broccoli, cucumbers, tomatoes, & peas - it came to $7.50 which i thought was absolutely fair considering the portion size!  finally over to the soups: they had a lot of hot options and even 3 cold ones.  while i didn't have a soup *this time* i can imagine living there in the fall and winter.  the soup servings are over sized and they are all labeled for sensitivities which i love!!! (ie: dairy, meat). 
then they also have morning stuff like bagels - but dont have a veg cream cheese option. Oh what a shame ...Tons of sandwich and soup options for lunch, although a bit pricey. This place was packed for lunch with the business professionals, and it's a bit awkward to order the food. I think my chicken fajita flat bread was OK and the turkey chili was really nice and and thick and chunky. I think I'd bump it up to 4 stars if they had more lunch specials or deals, $11 for half sandwhich and small soup is a bit much. There is some limited seating as well.Great food, great variety, great customization options! I've made a create-your-own-salad three times already (three completely different *configurations*), and none have disappointed me! The blackened chicken is awesome, by the way! This is the one I got yesterday: large kale salad with beets, broccoli, avocado, blackened chicken, walnuts, artichoke, carrots, roasted peppers, and egg. Hell, writing this is making me want to get another one today!More like a 3.75 stars. This place reminds me of the food places at the airport, grab-n-go. Great for busy people who want a quick lunch that isn't fast food. At the time of this writing, they have a sign outside that says that the food is "made to order" so I didn't expect the sandwiches/wraps to be pre-made when I first walked in.  I ordered the Turkey Hummus Wrap, which was better than airport food, but not anything special. After my first bite, I told myself, "I could've made this at home." But I liked how the wrap wasn't soggy, which is always a concern of mine with pre-made food. Overall, I like D&B for the convenience of getting decent food and I spent almost $8 for lunch (no drink/chips), which is reasonable, but not a deal. As another reviewer noted, you can get more bang for your buck at other places around Center City. Beware, there's a line during lunch, but it goes by fairly quickly.If you're looking for a fast and easy salad or premade sandwich for lunch, Devon & Blakely might be a good option if you're in the area.
They have a number of pre-made panini, wrap, and other sandwich items you can select from behind the glass display. All are decent choices, but nothing standout that I've had so far there.
Salads are ordered using a bowl of greens of your choice and then a per add-on charge that can quickly add up if you're not paying attention making it an $11+ salad. This felt a little expensive for the end product.
Wait times are always low here and I'm always surprised at how quickly I can be in and out, and equally surprised that I can often find a seat when desired, even when I'm with a group of 3-4 other colleagues. All of which positive.
Overall this is a decent spot that won't wow you, but will reliably get you fed on time before your next meeting.Great food, lots to choose from. So many choices.  Seems confusing at first, but after the 2nd visit, you'll get it down.  Tons of sandwiches and soups, it's crazy.So convenient. I need never see the light of day when finally unchained from my desk for a few fleeting moments just go downstairs and through some side doors and voila! No sunshine for me. With that established they are my morning bagel stop. Bonus that they had a wide variety of soups all winter so I could stay cozy and warm indoors. With all that said they are on a higher price point, but I accept that I'm paying for convenience.My friend turned me onto this fun place, great for sandwiches, salads either to go or to eat in.  I'm a fan of everything that I've eaten here!  I like the chicken salad crunch sandwich, the create your own salad, I think you can create your own sandwich too!  I've also tried the pastries- the corn muffin and black/white cookies didn't disappoint, were very tasty!  I'd like to try the soups too, everything here looks and has been delicious!  This is a great lunch spot but don't get there too late or they'll be sold out, they're popular!  They have lots of delicious food, affordable and good to grab on the run.  I really enjoy coming here, great lunch options.We often order from Devon & Blakely for lunch meetings and each time I order, you'd think I would remember the dreadful experiences from prior orders and just get a salad. I would never pick this place on my own as a place to stop for lunch or breakfast or for a meal to satiate me even if I had not eaten in weeks. There is nothing, and I mean nothing, redeeming about this place. 
A co-worker warned me prior to ordering and actually said "Remember how sick you felt the last time you ordered a sandwich from here?" But did I heed that warning, no! 
We had an office lunch meeting recently where I ordered a chicken Caesar wrap. To say it was doused in dressing is a gross (and I mean gross) understatement.  I took the paper off of the wrap but had to place the wrap in a napkin to absorb the dressing. As did a co-worker who ordered a turkey wrap with balsamic dressing, but I digress. I couldn't even finish it, and I'm glad I didn't. 
In addition to the lunch orders, some cookies and brownies were purchased to nosh on for dessert. Thinking, "Okay, I couldn't finish the disgusting sandwich but I could definitely eat a little bit of a cookie" I would supplement what I couldn't finish if I paired it with some fruit and nuts later in the afternoon-an alternative lunch, of sorts. I broke off a piece and began chewing. And I immediately regretted it. I grabbed a napkin and excused myself from the table and spit out the bite I took. That's blasphemous! No one should EVER have to spit out a bite of any cookie! Ever! Well Devon & Blakely, you've succeed in holding that title! 
All in all, with the lunches that I've had from here, it's all just terrible. There are so many other great, quick lunch options around town. I would run from this one. And run far. Unless of course you like downing Tums like Smarties the remainder of the afternoon, then go for it. But don't say I didn't warn you!Devon & Blakely is one of my favorite lunch spots! It can get super crowded during lunch hours, but it is worth the wait. There are so many options, but my favorite is the build your own salad. I recommend getting the smaller size, because once all of the ingredients and toppings are put in, it feels like a large salad. You definitely get your moneys worth!We've been getting lunch boxes from Devon & Blakely for a few of our working lunch sessions recently. They are a big hit. While I'm not footing the bill, they are a pretty good deal as well.
In the lunch box, you get a sandwich, fruit, choice of salad, and choice from 3 dessert options. The portions are sizable. The quality is on par with other local sandwich shops. And selection is wide.
Thus far, I think I'd recommend the Cuban sandwich. I loved the tomato mozzarella salad, but was a bit disappointed with the Greek. I do wish there were more fruit to choose from but understand their limitations. For dessert, I always go rice crispy treat - it's huge!i would love for someone to return the $11 i just spent. i normally give good reviews, but even giving this place two stars would have been too generous. i ordered lunch online through seamless and my takeout order was ready within 15-20 minutes as promised, but the positives pretty much end there. i ordered a tomato and mozzarella sandwich on a wheat wrap - not sure how you can mess that up - the wrap itself and the actual tomato and cheese looked decent but considering the price of the wrap ($7.25), there should have been more in there (the wrap contained about half of what the same wraps at places like fuel do). 
my wrap was slathered with a nasty pesto/mayonnaise sauce. there was more of this "pesto sauce" on my wrap than actual cheese or tomatoes. the menu does NOT mention the mayo; if it had, i would have been too grossed out to even consider ordering the sandwich. now, unfortunately, i'm sitting at my desk looking at the mayo mixture feeling even more grossed out. 
now let's talk about the pickles. i love pickles and can honestly say that, aside from maybe whiskey-soaked pickles, i love all kinds and have never had a "shitty pickle." well, i had my first ever shitty pickle today at devon & blakely. it was so soaked with vinegar and water that the slices were practically transparent. the only slice i tried to eat was so flavorless that i tried salting it and that still didn't help. 
all in all, i spent  $11 on this lunch and disposed of 90% of it. thank god i bought that $2 bag of miss vickie's chips because that ended up being my entire lunch today. 
my advice: either save your money and don't go here at all or spend a little more and get something good at dibruno bros., fuel or even cosi.Cold days = madhouse.
Please make a new line for soups! It's a cluster when no one knows what line they're in!I walk past this place to go to many lunch spots and have wanted to try them since they opened.  I can honestly say that I am not impressed.  If you want better food with a better value there are many other places to go.
When I walked in I was fairly excited to see what they had.  I was surprised to see a case full of pre-made sandwiches.  I expected them to be made fresh to order.  Despite this little let down, I ordered the Carolina BBQ chicken with coleslaw.  I also wanted to compare apples to apples, so I ordered a half sandwich of the chicken salad, since this is what I get from Coventry Deli.  I digress to say that I do not know if you can add more items like sweet peppers or more mayo to the sandwiches, but since the sandwiches are not made to order, I suspect, but do not know for sure, if you can add such condiments and extras to the sandwiches.  This is a negative for someone like me who likes sweet peppers a lot.  Not to mention again, that Coventry is made to order with these items.  I move on to the soups but will return to my final impression of taste and substance below.
I tasted several of their exotic sounding soups and found them to be more name than taste.  I love soups and go to Zoup frequently, so I expected same or better quality than Zoup, since, this place holds itself out to be more than just a chain.  I did end up getting the Crab and Corn Chowder which, again, was just ok.  Not worth the price of $5.95 for a small though.
To complete my in store experience the cashier charged me the wrong thing and over charged me for my half sandwich, thinking it was a full sandwich of something else.  I only noticed this after I left since it was busy and I just paid and left.  I will be more observant next time but this still should not happen.
Finally I get back to eat the sandwiches.  Again, in my humble opinion, I am left with a less than impressed feeling.  
First the Chicken Salad sandwich was dry.  The chicken salad itself was ok but lacked flavor that I would expect, and was very dry.  The chicken they use seems to be overcooked, which I expect more often than not, but for the price you pay, it ought to be better.  The bread was good, which seems to be standard for D&B, but the sandwich would have been much better with a little more mayo and sweet peppers, or in the least a little more customization.
Lastly the Carolina BBQ and Coleslaw on Poppy seed roll.  I will start with the good.  The BBQ and Coleslaw were both very good.  Taste was what I would expect for both the slaw and BBQ.  The bread was a little chewy, but overall had a nice firm outer shell with soft inside and taste complimented the sandwich.  However, this is as far as the compliments go.  When I unwrapped the sandwich and looked at the inside I found that the amount of meat that they put in the whole 7"-8" sandwich would still be insufficient for half of the sandwich.  This is just disappointing since, as I stated before, you are never left for wanting at Coventry or Jake and Max's.  I was left with a sandwich, which was more bread than meat and simply unsatisfactory.  I would venture to say that the amount of meat in the sandwich did not exceed one ice cream scoop, if even that much.
In all the soups are hit and miss and the sandwiches you have to choose wisely.  The price does not reflect quality or quantity and there are better options very close that far exceed both in quality and price.  I will not be back very soon.