We had lunch catered by DiBruno Bros., and the food is very solid.  The sandwich platter comes with the chicken pronto (mozzarella, pesto, greens, and chicken on a baguette), roast beef, turkey and brie, and caprese.  I loved the caprese, as it came with plenty of fresh mozzarella, a great pesto spread, and sliced tomatoes.  The garden salad was very standard but the creamy, oil-based roasted vegetable vinaigrette was fantastic.  The pasta primavera with white fusilli and vegetables tossed in a white wine vinaigrette was also very good and not overly tangy.  The dessert tray of brownies and cookies was also a hit and I was definitely a fan of the rich fudge brownies.  Overall, a great gourmet catering option for a small to medium group.This is my single favorite grocery store on earth.
Fantastic place where, years ago, I first discovered Truffle oil and then later: truffled honey.
Once, (before my diet was Kosher,)  I bought  prosciutto to make prosciutto wrapped dates with blue cheese dressing. This prosciutto project ("Project") was on like attempt number 3 at this point, I had tried bacon, figs, Gorgonzola- none of it was what I wanted (and no, I wasn't perfecting the dish for a dinner party, I was just trying to make myself the perfect snack.)  I had worked on the Project extensively one Saturday and that evening a boy and I went out for dinner and drinks.  When we got back to my place to play records and continue the sips, I told him that he could take the prosciutto home with him because it was simply too salty for the Project. As was the trend in those days, we became intoxicated.  In an effort to try to stay sober, he made multiple trips to the fridge, and ate all $53 worth of prosciutto that was in there. (Looking back I wonder what the heck kind of personal appetizer Project requires $53 dollars worth of anything?) And he also reported that , though delicious, prosciutto does not help sober anyone up; he might have been successful if it had been a potato based food.
Di Bruno Brothers was the secret behind many many of my best dishes when I lived in Philadelphia- they ALWAYS have the right ingredient and more often than not they have a spectacular ingredient that inspires the creation of a new, unexpected dish.3.5 stars for dibruno brothers. 
they have great (always presentable) cheeses, desserts, pastries, and gourmet groceries. Also, on the side, there is a counter for fresh meats and fish. props for their consistency.
For a gourmet grocery store, I expected the service to be a little more prompt. I waited at the bakery for about 5 minutes before anyone asked me if I wanted anything. I don't expect to get served ASAP, but if I am standing there, I generally think its good customer service to have someone ask me if I need any help. 
I get two mini cakes at $6.50 a pop.  They were really not amazing tasting cakes. I got a mini chocolate cheesecake and fruit tart. I've had better fruit tarts at grocery stores. I think they fill the tart with a cream of sorts (perhaps whipped?) instead of custard, which is what they offer at other places. I live for fruit tarts, so I was pretty disappointed that I threw away $6.50 on a mediocre fruit tart. The fruits on it were beautifully glazed in sugar, but the taste was quite dismal.  
The chocolate cheesecake was better, but not by much. It was a layer of cheesecake wrapped between chocolate cake.  If you are looking for a birthday cake try Miel Patisserie.  For the price, I expected more from DiBrunos. 
The pastries at the coffee counter are pretty good here.  They have a great cinnamon bun. It's a little too sweet, so definitely split with a friend.Overpriced but they do have a great selection of cheeses and their basil and garlic pasta sauce is actually very good. I also love their prepared meals which aren't that overpriced for what you get.I really enjoy coming in here for random novelties. They have a decent selection of bottled water ranging from American artisan water (yes, artisan, not "artesian") to tasty Italian brands. Sometimes I even find my favorite Italian cookies here (Abbracci by Barilla). Oh! They also have chicken pot pie to take away! I remember when I had a serious craving for some and I couldn't seem to find it anywhere! I came here and ended up leaving extremely happy. And yes, it tasted delicious!
Overall, I don't come here for much, but when I do I'm pretty satisfied with my purchases! The staff is very courteous, especially the older man behind the counter next to the drinks (he always greets customers). I also needed a band aid once, and the security guard went and got one for me. I truly appreicate such assistance.
My only warning is that if you want to get lunch here (particularly during lunch hours), don't come if you only have 30 minutes. The line appears endless!!If heaven is a place on earth, then Dibruno's is it.  I love all of the sights, smells, and sounds of shopping here.  The cheese and bread are to do die for.  The homemade gourmet sausages are some of the best I've ever tasted in my life.   The only downside is that the prices will break your piggy bank.As much as I love dibruno bros, the price point has finally gotten out of control. Today I ordered a very conservative portion of vegetable lasagna. To my bewilderment when I got to the counter to pay the cashier said without hesitation "that will be $17 (SEVENTEEN) dollars" I said but, but, it's just one piece of lasagna!!! 
After setting up a payment plan for the 3"x3" piece of lasagna, I was in shock.
FAQs
1. Was it the best lasagna I've ever had? No.
2. Do I regret it? Everyday.
3. Was there a $10 bill actually in the lasagna? NO!
After finishing off the costly dish, I thought about what else I could have spent $17 FREAKING DOLLARS on. A few things came to mind
1. 3 VHS copies of Home Alone 2
2. Two 10-packs of Hanes socks
3. Helped a small child in a third world country for just 69 cents a day for 24 days.
4. 3 twinkle tushes (look it up) with money to spare!!
Idk diBrunos, y'all got some tasty snacks but $17 for a piece of lasagna?We stopped in to see about healthy lunch options and were very impressed with this excellent deli/market in central Philly.
Our biggest gripe is that the selection of organic foods is very limited...
So... great market/deli and lots of really great food - but mostly not organic unfortunately... maybe that's something they can look at for the future as not everyone wants to eat GMO!Great sandwiches for lunch and quality produce. Very, very friendly staff.this is such a beautiful space full of beautiful food. definitely not a place to regularly grocery shop unless you pull at least 6 figures a year but a must-visit store to appreciate how pretty food can be.  i'm sure this place is spectacular around the holidays.
bonus: many affordable gluten-free options (mineral water+small garden salad+pre-cut fruit = roughly 11 usd)my new favorite place!  try the baked ricotta!  and the chipotle jack!  and... oh, everything!  so fabulous!  I've actually enjoyed everything I've tried.  They really will let you try everything you want to.  Don't be afraid to say you don't quite like something -- they'll totally help you find out what you love.Ode to DiBruno's. I've often said my dream occupation would be a cheese monger here. 
Expensive, yes. But they are simply the best for fresh pasta and cheese. Their meat and fish counter is very good too. 
Redding Terminal Market certainly offers quality on par with DiBruno's but this lovely market in Rittenhouse is far less chaotic. 
Their in-store pre-made dishes beat Whole Foods hands down any day. I should also note that I have been pleased with their catering. 
They have a nice produce display too but it doesn't stack up to the rest of their offerings. I usually go elsewhere for produce if I have the luxury of time to do so.This store may be the happiest place on earth.  Sometimes after a rough day, I just want to go here and not to a bar.  I inevitably spend way too much money at this store.
There are tons of interesting ingredients and food.  If you want a specialty item, this store may have it.  Certainly they have just about every cheese or cured meat you can imagine.  The workers tend to be very helpful and willing to spend time with you to find the perfect cheese.  The samples are also addicting.  I am not as fond of their pre-made sandwiches because I hate tomatoes, but their sandwiches made to order are always good.  I also love their bread.
However, you can easily spend a lot of money FAST.  Some things are worth the money, and I try to just limit my quantities, but I still find myself indulging in too many impulse purchases here.  Also, one time I came in looking for some meats to send to my brother.  I found the butcher to be extremely unhelpful and unwilling to walk me through the different options.  I settled on something at his recommendation, and my brother said that it was moldy.  Considering this was a cured, dry meat, that absolutely should not have happened (in their defense, it was pre-packaged and you could not see inside the package, so maybe no one knew).  By contrast, on a very crowded Sunday at their Italian Market location, a very helpful butcher was willing to walk me and a friend through their many options and was extremely helpful.  Maybe the guy was having an off day, but it was a little frustrating.  However, I have generally had good experiences there and continue to go back.
That paragraph may make you question why this place gets four stars, but seriously it is a food paradise.  Unless you're a vegan, you will find something you love at this store.I find myself really disappointed... Everyone knows and loves it this place, but I'm starting to feel that it's just an overpriced name. Today I brought 2 coworkers here for pannini's because they're from out of town and have heard the name... We just finished lunch and I find myself feeling foolish. I asked the guy making panini's if they really press them down well and if they have decent amount of meat... He truly  misguided me. Not only were the sandwiches cold with only a few press lines on it, but there was two thin slices of prosciutto.. Two little slices and the sandwich was worth $9? Come on Di Bruno's, step your panini game up!!One of my favorite places to grab imported meats and cheeses.  They have a great selection of products and maintain high standards for prep, storage, and distribution.  Staff is very friendly and on more than one occasion have gone above and beyond to help me find a specific ingredient.  Love this place.I visited for the first time today.  It's got a feast for the senses Dean & Deluca kind of vibe, which I loved.  We tasted $25/lb cheese (awesome), some $39/lb caviar (even more awesome) and basically snacked our way through the store.  Upon check out my friend and I were given a little shopping bag.  We went upstairs to their seating area and when we were done and because we had leftovers, I turned to the gentleman clearing the tables and said: 
Me: Brother, excuse me, is it possible to get another one of these (pointing to bag) 
He: you gone have to get it wherever you got that one 
Me:  looks at Bff
She:  what'd he just say?
Me:  he said get it where I got this one 
He was still clearing in our area, overheard me and (as though I hadn't heard/understood him the first time) said: I'm saying wherever you got it, go back there. 
He'd just closed his breakfast station and appeared to be ending his shift.  The store, including staff up to this point, had been a 5 star experience.  Maybe he'd had a bad day I don't know.  What I do know is I don't need to leave nyc for $30 snacks AND slick mouthed customer service.   That was some tasty cheese though.Amazing white bean escarole salad. Very friendly and helpful staff.This place is so great! It is next to my hotel. Great coffee and awesome pastry bagel, breakfast sandwiches. Nice on the go place. Very good prepared food in back. I found a good quick bite here more often when work went long. The people that worked there were happy to heat it for me. Nice selection of berries and sliced fruit. A little spendy but worth it I felt.We used DiBruno Bros to cater our wedding and were very happy with our choice. We worked with Danielle, who was very responsive, attentive, organized, and helpful. The food, obviously, was delicious.I'm from LA, but come to visit my boyfriend in Philly quite often. He lives across from Di Bruno Bros., which makes visiting him and cooking for us that much easier. I LOVE to cook, and love nothing more than a good gourmet grocery store I can count on. I can honestly say we have nothing as good as this in LA, and I really look forward to hours spent wandering through the aisles of Di Bruno's...
Di Bruno's is of course best for meat and cheese, and all the things that go along with great meat and cheese. He's obsessed with all the different types of smoked salmon, we could just stand at the cheese counter forever (and I do), and their selection of cured meats is off the hook. They have every type of cracker you could ever want, and delicious pairings for your cheese - fig spread, quince paste etc. 
If you're making an italian meal, DB will have just about every random ingredient you need. If you're making any other cuisine - Asian, Moroccan, whatever, they have a smaller selection but have MOST of the essentials. Which is some feat for an italian market! 
Their staff is extremely helpful, and they all know the store inside and out. Essential for a place like this. 
Produce - it's not the highlight, but they usually have most of what's in season. (As a little secret, there is a small produce shop across the street on 18th...sorry DB, but they've got the better goods)
Prepared foods - excellent. Upstairs, they've got pizza, sandwiches, salads, you name it for a quick, easy, drop-in lunch. Downstairs, you can get hot sandwiches, or a number of to-go items, ranging from a mezze platter for an on-the-go meal, or prepared grilled chicken to take home to your fam. 
Love DB. i love that it's across the street even more!OK, was in Phila.sunday.After having brunch my Good friend & I decided to walk off some of the food. Saw Di Bruno's, had to go. It seemed quaint, till I realized how Ginormous this location was, it stretched all the way to back, & around, plus upstairs-holy****!! Loved it. Had such more space then original in S.Philly, the cheese Guy was very knowledgeable, got some Gruyere cheese, he was personable, think his name was Dan. Anyway, great cooked, not cooked foods, salads, sides, if I worked in PHila, this would be one of my spots to get food for lunch, or anything. So much variety, there was bakery, then breads section, coffee , gelato-OMG!! Your just so overwhelmed!! Definitely go back!!(4) ~ very good food & service for this flagship store.  It's a semi-high end Italian market with Big City prices;)  
OUR MENU:
** La Colombe Draft Latte = (4.5) Very Good!  If you've not had this, definitely recommend!  It uses nitrogen to make it smooth(like Guinness), and the natural milk sugar provides some sweetness.  It's addictive!
** Chocolate Gift Box selection = (4) very good
** Pasta Salad = (4) very good
* Fresh Mozzarello Cheese = (3.75) Good
* Dill Pickle = (3.5) good
* Mississippi Chocolate Bar = (3.5) good & decadent
* Watermelon & Beet Juice = (3.25) pretty good
* Italian Hoagie = (3.25) pretty good, BUT since it was "premaid" the bread was stale/hard...would prefer they make them fresh...This place is awesome they have anything and everything you can think off when it comes to fresh food . There's eating area upstairs , bakery ,seafood section a huge variety of cheeses , pastas breads .... I go for lunch always something different to choosesplitting the difference on a 1 and a 5. 
the food is always great, but the staff can be intensely off-putting.
Ive never seen anyone operate a deli slicer with as much rage as some of the guys behind the counter in this place. its creepy/uncomfortable, and results in rather poorly cut salami.This is the burrata that started it all for me. The introduction happened at Per Se in NYC with the rich pairing of Armando Manni's Olive Oil. Holy F. Fresh Mozzarella, encasing a scoop of fresh cream. Hand stretched, it's not stringy but smooth and ultimately very tasty.Everything you need is here. Pricey yes but the quality is top-notch. I recommend the whole roasted chicken, Napoleon sandwich and their chicken parm sandwich.I am only giving this location 2 stars which means Yelp will hide my review. 
I was going to go to Reading Terminal today, but in the interest of time, I stopped here to buy some fish and cheese. Yikes!! It seems like everything is priced at 25.00 a pound!! The fish is 2-3.00 a pound more then John Yi and the steaks are really really expensive. They also cut the steaks really thick so you have to buy more. It is a fun place to shop and I love their cheeses and I love the energy, but it is for the Rittenhouse Square folks.This place is awesome to the awesome! I love talking to the cheese mongers. You have to try the Delice!!! It is the fav of the party. There are so many awesome cheeses that I love here!!!Yes the cheese selection is tremendous but lets talk about Duck Proscuitto.  I havent tasted anything as good as this in quite a while, always keep some in my fridge.  The staff is always teaching the customers and cheese rules.  Great placeWhat more needs to be said about Di Bruno's?  Everything you want -- a great great selection and overall an excellent store.
However, I was a bit disappointed with their cannoli.  The scorze (shells) are crisp and large -- really too large.  It's not a delicious, quick treat you end up biting into (as I have done in the train stations throughout Sicily) you're really committing to a lengthy bout with a dessert.  This is especially the case because their ricotta is too sweet.  Take one of these home and you will be comatose for some time afterwards.  You don't need an espresso to go with this, you need a french press full of coffee.  I much prefer to buy their shells at 2 dollars a pop and bring them home to make my own ricotta filling.The staff is phenomenal, the food is somehow even better. They update all of their social media sites (facebook, Twitter and Pinterest) constantly, and they have the most unique selection with really high quality ingredients. I am obsessed with Di Bruno Bros!I'm really torn about how to rate this place. As you'll see, the pro's completely outweigh the cons, probably:
Pros: 
Incredible selection of specialty Italian foods. We're talking dozens of different salami's, prosciuttos, probably 100 different cheeses, fresh pasta, dried pasta, homemade sauces, soups, etc. If you're Italian, it's all there. It's pretty much Italian food heaven.
Every thing is super fresh, the deli people are really helpful and nice. We asked for samples of a couple cheeses and meats and were given heaping chunks of each to nibble on. 
All of the food is high quality and delicious. You can't go wrong with anything.
Cons:
It's expensive. I mean, EXPENSIVE. Granted, I went a little manic and kind of started throwing things in the cart, but I bought probably 3 days worth of specialty foods (prosciutto, cheese, pasta, sauce, etc) and it ran me $62. It's also expensive across the board. A pound of dried pasta here is $4, compared to $1 at trader joes. That's a big markup for dried pasta. 
It's not a place that I can afford to shop at for my typical groceries, but man do I wish that I could.Di Brunos is the perfect example of food store as jewel box.  They've researched the great stores and it shows.  Like Giusti's in Modena, neater than a Tiffany's with prettier displays and Balducci's in New York where stacking fresh vegetables exquisitely is the produce manager's reason for living, or so it seems.  And they've done it in a relatively short time, just a few years. Giusti's is centuries old and Balducci at least 100 years.  Usually stores like these need the patina of age to make them appealing.  This store? You just want to walk in and roam around, Hanging cheeses and European hams not so much suspended for utlility but as so many objet d'arts; polished glass, polished brass and edible art.  It doesn't come cheap, but nobody complains.  You can get it cheaper, in some instances much cheaper, but do you want to?Abbondanza! If you want the best and the brightest of any food item, DiBruno's is your place. They have locally-grown food, and they have the very best imported items. 
The place is a feast for the eyes and a delight to the palate. They'll let you taste any cheese (check out my picture of Red Hawk, the world's stinkiest cheese). Their lunches are outstanding. They have dinner carryout. And they whip you through the checkout line in no time flat.
We're lucky to have DiBruno's in Rittenhouse. It's one of my all time faves.Not that impressed by this place.  It all seems a bit pre-made, pre-packaged for gourmet in my opinion.  I'm unimpressed by the baked goods I've had so far.  They were good, but certainly not amazing.  Sandwiches are the same.  Is one of the few spots to find certain grocery items in the city though and they do have a good cheese selection and are more than willing to hand out plenty of advice regarding it!Was just there to get brunch. Got the just before they opened the up-stairs, so got a seat at a table. Three of the tables were covered in food crumbs. Very dirty. They obviously didn't clean up before they closed last evening. 
What happened to "breakfast foods" at brunch like bacon, french toast? Disappointing.Before recently moving to Rittenhouse Square, I scoped out the businesses in the area on the interwebz so that when I arrived, I'd at least know where to get the basics like groceries.
I was glad to find Di Bruno Bros. I thought based upon reviews and visiting their website that their prices would be much higher. 
Sure, the products they sell aren't cheap, but a lot of what they sell is competitively priced considering that you are paying for quality items in an urban market.
You can get hard to find fresh and canned foods of all kinds here. Of course, some things are a little ridiculously priced, even by standards in more expensive cities. But, supply in demand, right?
All in all, Di Bruno Bros is not prohibitively expensive if you shop selectively. Sure, there are a lot of fur coat wearing ladies in the area who can easily afford to go to Di Bruno Bros for all of their food shopping needs. Good for them.  
For others who are on a budget but are occasionally willing to splurge for fine cheeses, meats, or other select goods, Di Bruno Bros still has a lot to offer. 
Duck prosciutto? 24 moth old Gouda? Wild boar sausage? Yes, please.
Di Bruno Bros is always very well staffed, so there's always someone there to help you out even if it's relatively busy. More importantly, the employees are pretty helpful and friendly, so it's a nice shopping experience overall.This place is literally in front of my apartment and I really want to love this place. I appreciate that I have multi food store in the neighborhood. It is pretty store, big cheese section in the back of the room, veggie and fruit section, bakery section, meat and fish section and upstairs cafe. 
I am regular customer for their cheese and bakery section. I had little bad experience with veggie section once and never really went back. Veggies were not fresh at all and gone bad the day after I purchased. 
Pre cooked food section seemed very nice. I might try that very soon. 
Tried couple cakes there. Was decent but not amazing... Still go there because so convenient but not super satisfied with the quality.Yay for offering an aMAZEing market that houses all things gourmet and above the cut. I marveled at the wonderful cold pressed EVOO with fresh baguette, some samples of wonderful cheese. Strolling around, it's definitely like a honed in, neighborhood Whole Foods. 
On-site cafe and place to have a sandwich ordered there, or some sweets/pastries. Full on cake counter and fancy desserts. 
We tried a Snicker's cupcake and a little bag of pecan chocolate cookies, and brought back to hotel. The cupcake was, sadly, dry. the cookies themselves are from the Famous 4th street (Terminal market has big kiosk). So indulgent! Fun to window shop.This place is foodie heaven!  There is a great selection of cheeses, fresh meats, and prepared food to die for.  
Unfortunately, the prices keep me from going there often.  
I stopped by on the way home once because we needed some spaghetti sauce for dinner.  The jar sauces ranged from $7 to $14--for a JAR of pasta sauce.  It might be delicious and worth every penny, but it's just not within my budget these days.Every part of this store could be summed up with "they have limited options, but they have most of what you need." And what they have here is quality stuff, so I can't complain about that. Like, if I'm looking for rice, they only have sushi rice, or they only have this special type of flour, or they don't have a certain type of fish, or they only have a handful of juice/smoothie options etc. 
I will say that everyone who works here (from the guys at the butcher/seafood portion to the registers) are always helpful and really nice.Okay, so I love this place but I have a gripe. When you get "Deluxe Seafood Salad" you should not have to find crabstick as an ingredient. Make "Seafood Salad" and add all the crabstick you want. Then make "Deluxe Seafood Salad" with actual ingredients, not molded, colored, white fish. That's a technical foul...If you need cheese, this is the place to go. The cheese cave in the back is the bomb and the cheesemongers are really helpful and let you sample before you buy. DiBruno's has other great upscale provisions that you can't find anywhere else short of driving to NYC. Meats, cheeses, olives, even the drink selection here rocks.Stayed in a hotel a block away. They made me a killer sandwich with only a little attitude.  Wish we had these in the west, as they have amazing deli meats, cheeses, pastries, and fish and butcher.OMG what a cool place.  If you can't find a great lunch, dinner, takeout or coupla hunks of cheese here, shame on you.  You're not looking very hard.I work a block from here and have traditionally only come for ingredients and gifts. After boo got 50/50 whole wheat pasta instead of the 100% I was promised (don't you judge me!) I figured I'd hop over to DBs and cop the realness. Once I got there I decided I'd also get lunch since I left mine at home. 
So I began stalking the cases with the speed of a boa constrictor, slowly slithering in and out of people with a menacing glare at all the options before me (think Doc Halladay looking to Chooch in the 9th mixed with the information processing of the Terminator). I did this little danza de la muerta for a good 30 minutes. 
Usually for lunch bring in a rotisserie chicken and Jurassic Park or I'll just get a chunk of salami or pepperoni and cheese and call it a meal but today with so many options I had to make sure I didn't squander this opportunity to actually get a real mind blowing meal. Unfortunately I did.
I figured you only live once so why not get everything I was trying to decide on and go forth regret free. So I got the antipasta plate, salami stuffed peppers, prosciutto stuffed peppers, grilled long hots, and chopped chicken liver. Can't lose right?
The can't miss of my selections was the antipasta plate but it was actually the most disappointing of all. The plate highlight was the margherita pepperoni that I can get at 7-11 and the peppadew peppers that were a very small part of the whole. The house provolone was fine but next to the other flavors it was a bit bland, sharp provolone would have fit perfect. In the center was a big ball of abbruzze spread that was very strong and seemed a bit out of place. The artichoke hearts were fine but again just a small part of the plate and the sweet soppressata was just meh. Finally the cerignola olive. There were five of them, I ate two  (following my rule of try everything twice) and threw the rest away. I NEVER throw olives away, I'm the olive guy that eats them out of ppl's salads that don't like them.
The long hots were on the greasy, wet side and the stuffed peppers were unremarkable which was very disappointing. This leaves the chopped liver. I grew up on this stuff thanks to my Jewish grandmother giving the family recipe to my beautiful Gentile mother. I'll let you in on the secret, it's hard boiled eggs, liver and onions. What I had at DBs was not this. It was clumpy and blah.        
In all honesty if I gotten this from the South Philly Shop Rite I would be perfectly content but DBs is an institution and their prices reflect it. I really expected more.Though some of things are a little pricey I cannot get enough of this place for a quick snack on the go or a relaxing lunch!  From salads to Italian specialties and specialty vinegars this place has it and is a must as part of my routine during the weekRealllly good food and very fresh! They cook some right in front of you! The only issue is that you'll be waiting 20 mins for a breakfast sandwich in the morning do go early. But in the end it's worth it. The staff are nice and the coffee is great!Really fun specialty store, even if you're just browsing.  Beautiful displays and great selection of cheeses, cured meats and pastries.  It is pricey, but this shop is for folks looking for high-end Italian foods, not those looking for a steal.We got takeout from the Di Bruno Bros, but were not wowed by the quality of the prepared food:
-the Salmon was a little on the dry side...it might be passable with some type of sauce. The jicama garnish was refreshing, but not enough.
-the Asparagus was generally fresh, but we had a few wilted, overcooked ones mixed in
-the Potato Pancakes had a good consistency, but needed more flavorIf you're going here for cheese or meat (or you have so much money you don't know what to do with it), ignore my review--there's probably nothing for you to dislike about this place. Just at a glance, they've got a superb selection.
I, being a fool, saw this place as a fancy little market near my apartment. Unless you want to pay $10 for a jar of pasta sauce that you could get at Trader Joe's for $1.50, don't make the same mistake. No, really. Ten dollars.I come to DiBruno Bros for their stuffed grape leaves (gads, they're deliciously addictive) but once I'm in, I'm somehow here for hours -- I always feel like a kid in a candy shop, because there's something new every time I walk through.  Though checkout cashiers are aloof and unfriendly at times, the cheese guys are always cheery and will offer samples if you're scoping out a new fromage du jour, and the folks manning the wide range of salami and deli meats are quick to point out which are their personal favourites.
They have delicious sandwiches -- be sure to pick up the Italian Stallion (a personal favourite) or a Caprese, grilled avec panini press.  Coffee bar is also a good pitstop, though you can skip the pastries.
Prices are fairly steep for shelf products -- why would I buy the overpriced La Columbe coffee when I can walk around the corner to the Rittenhouse Square location for way cheaper?  However, they occasionally have good deals on things like olive oil and Tate's cookies.
I consider it a great day when I can snag one of the last loaves of freshly baked Sarcone's italian bread to take home -- don't be jealous by that wonderful baked bread smell, fellow train commuters. *sniff, sniff*Just spent 30 min with the cheese girl doing the Italian vs French olive oli throwdown... Ended up buying both. The workers here r so welcoming!Wholly heck these paninis are ENORMOUS!!  And DELICIOUS!  I came here (upstairs) for lunch and for $10 I got a huge Italian panini with a side salad.  The sandwich was easily big enough for 2 lunches, which at $5 per lunch makes this quite the deal!  They put plenty of meat on the sandwich and it came out quickly, even with the busy lunch crowd.  
I've walked around the other parts of the store and they seem great.  You can't really compare this place to the Italian Market version though, because the one on 9th St doesn't have all the prepared food, just the meat and cheese.  It's a great spot in the city and I am very happy to be working close by.Ein Besuch in diesem grandiosen, seit 1939 in der Chestnut St. ansässigen italienischen Gourmet-Supermarkt ist eigentlich für jeden ordentlichen Foodie quasi vorgeschrieben.
 Alleine schon wegen der gigantischen Käsetheke, an der man sprach- und fassungslos wie ein Kind vorm Weihnachtsbaum steht, während man sich durch die überwältigende Auswahl an Käsen aus aller Herren Länder durchprobiert. Z. B. Truffle Tremor, ein fantastischer, getrüffelter Ziegenweichkäse aus der prämierten Cypress Grove Käserei, oder frische Burrata -- einfach, mit Pesto, oder auch mit weißen Trüffeln und Honig.
 Vielleicht kommt man wegen der Fisch & Fleischabteilung, in der ich einem guten Batzen geräucherter Entenbrust einfach nicht widerstehen konnte; oder wegen der guten Auswahl an Pasta, sowohl trocken als auch frisch.
 Oder man möchte verschiedene Sorten Räucherlachs oder Patés probieren. Vielleicht nimmt man ein paar Pralinen oder Törtchen mit.
 Oder man möchte sich mit einem knusprigen Mandelcroissant und einem Espresso mit ordentlicher Crema das Treiben auf der Chestnut St. ansehen -- einige wenige Tische laden dazu ein. Auch das Sonntagsbrunch ist hochbeliebt.
 Di Bruno's erfreut mit seinem hauseigenen Catering-Service nicht nur glückliche Esser in Philadelphia, man kann mittlerweile auch in alle 50 Staaten liefern lassen.
 Ich habe beim letzten Mal außer einigen Käsen & der geräucherten Entenbrust noch haus-eingelegte Gurken mitgenommen. Sowas von knackig, knoblauchig und frisch. da hätte ich gleich ein paar Gläser mehr mitnehmen sollen.
 Auf der Website bekommt man einen recht guten Überblick, der nur einen Schluß zuläßt: hingehn!Wowzers. This place makes me so angry that I'm a poor college student. DiBruno's is A-MAZING. They have tons and tons of fresh food, a wonderful butcher, and a group of cheese mongers that know what's up. If you can't afford to do your shopping here, check it out during lunch, when you can get a good amount from the deli counter for ten bucks!I'm pretty darn sure my heaven will look like DiBruno Bros. A perfect lunch spot, rocking bakery and desserts, my go-to for charcuterie, meats, and seafood. And cheese. Oooooh the cheese. Swoon.
If the name didn't make me giggle so much, I'd seriously consider becoming a cheesemonger. I'd be so happy to spend my days in DiBruno's cheese cave for the rest of my life. 
Whenever I need some random specialty item (which happens more than I'd like to admit), my first stop is DiBruno Bros. And 9 out of 10 times, they have the item. Like I said, heaven.Cheese, cheese, glorious cheese!
For many things, Di Bruno Brothers is overpriced. Their prepared foods are delicious but VERY expensive, particularly for the portion sizes you get, and the produce prices are exorbitant - especially compared to what you can get at the little produce stands within a block. Unless I really need to save time (and still impress), I usually skip most of the store. 
But the CHEESE, the glorious CHEESE! Now that is another story. 
The cheesemongers here are incredibly patient and knowledgeable. I come in about once a month with a vague idea of what I want. Today's meandering thoughts were "something soft ... and something nutty." After trying 6-7 cheeses, I left with a cana de oveja, a gruyere, a French cheese whose name I have already forgotten, and a delicious and somewhat unusual Manchego. The staff is always spot-on with their recommendations for me, and has always been willing to let me try a wide variety of cheeses to put together the perfect assortment. They are also very responsive to budget restrictions, I have never felt pressured to spend more than I planned (although, to be honest, I usually end up doing so, anyway!). 
Stop and grab a baguette before you head out the door - they will slice it for you into crostini the perfect size for trying your new cheese selections!More than an Italian Market/Cheese Shop/Sandwich shop, its an experience.  The wonderful aromas surround you as you enter.  Most people will have said everything that needs to be said so I'll just go with what I ate.  Boy I wish I was hungrier.  
I had a Prosciutto, Salami, oil and vinegar sandwich.  
 - The sandwich was fantastic.  The flavors of aged pork powered the sandwich through the meal.  i didn't care too much for the bread, but I'd eat it again just for the meat. 
Decor:5
Food:4
Service:4
Would I go back?  You bet your pastrami I would! or Prosciutto?Everything is always really good. If you pay attention to the prices you can actually get out of there without an empty wallet. Definitely the best place in the neighborhood for fresh meat and fish.
Oh and the cheese selection is phenomenal.Whether I'm stopping in to get my Eclat chocolate fix, or making an impromptu cheese plate I'm glad Di Bruno Bros is close to home.
I can't offer much more than other reviewers, but I do know that it was a lifesaver during my friend's wedding last year.  With a tight schedule on the big day, there was no time for lunch.  An early morning trip to Di Brunos to grab a couple of those pre-made salads saved the day.  Small enough to store in the minibar fridge, filling enough to get us through the day it was the perfect treat.Such a great place. Nice to see the quality has remained high even as they continue to expand. 
The downstairs area is more like a market, tons of meats, cheeses and prepared foods. You can also get sandwiches, produce, pasta, bread, etc. Really a one stop shop, just be careful because it is expensive. All the food is very good and the people behind the meat and cheese counters are very friendly and helpful, always willing to hand out free samples.
Upstairs, I feel, is a bit of a secret. I think it is a GREAT place for lunch in the city. It blows Liberty Place and all those other food courts away. You can get a sandwich with chips and a salad, a soup, or you can build a meal. They have a buffet style option where you can grab hot foods like chicken, fish, pasta and pizza as well as a salad bar section. All with very nice, high quality options. 
Again, the only knock is it is a bit expensive, but the food is great, tons of options.The selection of meats, cheeses, and pastries are great.  The prepared food is also great.  A great center city spot.Ipscale grocer with restaurant upstairs in the chestnut area. Yummy ready to eat secrion. coffee stand. they gave us huge fresh baked choco  chip cookie for free for a first time visit.This gourmet grocer is a bit pricey for my budget.  However, it was fun to wander around the cheese, meat and wine sections.  Might come back to buy something for a special occasion.Though a bit pricey you can't get better meat or cheese in the city. Plus their prepared foods and lunch options are always delicious too.I heard about this place from a co-worker and had to check it out. The quality here seems very good, and they have a great selection of prepared food. I came here to get check out a brand of ice cream that I could not find anywhere else (Jeni's) and was pleased that they had a good amount of choices. The meat is a little pricey, but that's to be expected when you are near Rittenhouse Square. I definitely want to try some of their prepared food some time, everything looks really good.I don't shop here. This is strictly about the coffee which I think is fantastic. It's nice to give Starbucks a little competition. I've had the café au lait and lattes and they are great. Never burned or too weak.I think my main disappointment is that I was not impressed with anything I ate. The food/drink was good, but not fantastic, and seemed to taste like what you could get anywhere. The tuna sandwich was on focaccia which was pretty hard (I think because it was sitting in the refrigerator already made). Macaroni salad was tasty but nothing special. Staff was friendly and decor was really nice. 
For the price and Di Bruno Bros. name, I expect to be wowed.Lots of cheese plus other grocery fair.  We didn't buy much but liked what we did - if you are into cheese, it is worth a trip out of your way.  Convenient to a lot of the Rittenhouse Square hotels.Very cool Italian market with lots of goodies. Had a mushroom pizza from upstairs which, while not Arizmendi-level, was pretty darn good.I love this place despite it being pretty pricey, the food is amazing! If I had the money, I would buy lunch here every day, but since I can't I save trips here for when I can afford the amazing foods you can find here. They have figs, dozens of cheeses, meats and jams you can't find anywhere else. The cheeses are my favorite, sometimes they put out samples, but they don't last for long, my favorite is the aged Gouda. The produce is so fresh here, it's amazing and they have sandwiches they toast for you that they include small sides with for your purchase, so good. There's a bakery and a small cafe if you're just here for a quick bite and there's free lemon water in the corner to enjoy if you're just there for a quick look.My favorite DiBruno brothers in the city. It is the largest and has the largest selection of cheeses and meats. It can get busy at times given it's location. They have a nice upstairs where you can eat your meals. Also, there espresso is delicious. Everyone that works there is so knowledgeable about their selections.Emma, in the deli department, is really a pleasure to see every time I come there. She's probably one of my favorite employees there because of how great her customer service is! Seriously. There's always a smile on her face and a willingness to serve.Whether it's cheese, cookies or pastries, DiBruno Bros. has it, and it's near the apex of good food in Philly. Try the italian cookies or a cannoli. And it doesn't hurt that so many of the people who work there are friendly and cute. I go in here once every few weeks, spend 20 bucks, and walk out with a pile of great stuff to eat.When I worked on Walnut, Di Bruno was my go to place for my hour lunch. A lot of the time was spent browsing and staring far too long at things (hey, I'm just trying to read the labels on the teas and juices!). I haven't had anything terrible here, that sticky bun that called my name that one afternoon could have been a little warmer, but you know- I understand you're busy with rittenhousers. I've gotten premade salads, bread and cheese and of a variety of things to quench my thirst. I have never gotten anything premade from the counter or eaten upstairs. 
For a To-go type feeling at a grocery store, this is top knotch.I am speechless. Best shop I have ever been to! I am from LA and we are missing a Di Bruno Bros. Please come open shop here! The cheese assortments and free samples are amazing. The eggplant napolean but be the best thing I have ever eaten. The sandwiches are to die for. The staff is amazing. I love everything in this place and miss it everyday.Great Italian market feel with tons of gormet cheese, nuts, produce, spreads, breads, wraps, meats, desserts, pastas, salads, prepared food, so much more...even sushi! Many samples will have you confused what to buy...its all so good! (and expensive) Theres a seating area upstairs...but if you go at lunchtime you will have trouble getting a table.Love the food. Love the atmosphere. 
It can be pricey... but you can make a whole meal of just free samples. They always offer generous tastes without ever making me feel obligated to purchase something in return. So, I think the prices are fair.
Pizza
The pizza here is fantastic... Thin crispy crust. it's among the best in the city...  in my opinoin, it's one of two great ones in Center City. 
Interesting Foods
This is the only (or certainly the most convenient and arguably the most well-stocked) place to get rare and interesting foods... meats, cheeses and olives. 
Sweets
They bring in (but sometimes can't keep in) fabulous imported cookies. And, if you are looking for an industrial-sized jar of Nutella, I've never seen one anywhere else.
Love the food. Love the atmosphere. 
One of my favorite spots in the city to pick up lunch, to eat, and to shop.It is always nice to visit Di Bruno and either grab food for take out or just have a sit and enjoy the many  delicacies.  I always go back whenever I am in town.  Upstairs deli is good. Check out can be slow.
Note: no alcoholic beveragesThey serve breakfast here and I have had it once before which was pretty decent.  Unfortunately,  I find out today, that if you only want eggs and protein, they will charge you the same price for the full breakfast which includes potatoes.  They serve their other food a la carte but not breakfast?  Who does that?  
Strike two, Di Bruno.Anna the cheesemonger was extremely helpful. Great selection of cheeses, let me taste all, ended up with four different types.Nice selection. Yum. I wish we had these on the W. Coast. I'd jump for joy!
The only "nice" places we can buy food at are Whole Foods and Bristol Farms. *Sigh*
Their actual meals are pretty good, unless they've been sitting out for a while, then it is depressing. Loved it though!! I loved all the random desserts, sauces, cheeses, cured meats, etc that you could get!Serious? Jamon Iberico - Aged Mountain Ham for 24.99?!!!! 
I mean guys if you don't enjoy that there is something you need to do about that. I'm not talking 2 days at the family shrink. NO, I'm talking full on 24/7 electrical shock treatment, and overload on so many pills that you alone make up for GSK's quarterly earnings. 
Link: http://www.dibruno.com/jamon-iberico.htmlOne word to describe their honey garlic chicken tenders....DRY!Located under Comcast Center right across the stairs.
Got a custom salad ($7.99 for 3 toppings, $9.99 for 6 toppings and $2.99 to add a protein - included salmon!)
Honestly pleasantly surprised by the fresh ingredients and taste and also the price! They don't charge premiums for avocado or brussel sprouts and give a hefty portion of dressing on the side. Size of the bowl is definitely filling and the salmon was a really nice big piece! 
Minus 1 star because it is quite slow, the design isn't made for fast chipotle style movement. You get your salad (only one person in charge of salads), need to wait for a ticket, and then go to the cash register. AND the custom salad options lacks some key veggies (carrots, cucumber, etc.) 
Overall GREAT solid work lunch experience. Guys making the food were very friendly and helpful (even warned me that the brussel sprouts were made with walnuts!)I've come here a few times for their soups.  The pasta e fagioli and minestrone are great but rarely available. The Italian wedding is frequently there and makes me cringe; huge globs of thick cut escarole and huge cuts of barely shredded chicken. No meatballs and no noodles. 
This soup is one of my favorite when done well, but this dibruno brothers store offers the laziest version of this soup I've ever come across.In the food court of Comcast Center. 
They have most of the standard DiBruno's items (meats, cheeses, pastries, sandwiches, etc.)
Everything is very good. DiBruno's can get pricey so be careful when loading up on the deli items.'Tis a rare weekday that I don't make a slight detour through the Comcast Center, only to hit up this smaller DiBruno's location.  Even if it's just to browse, I always find myself there on my way to the train.  And, if my train is late (which it almost always is), I stay a bit longer to browse, contemplate bringing home some prepared goodies for dinner, or peruse the cheese section and chat it up with Joe, the best darn cheese guy in the city, if you ask me. 
Joe is the main reason I frequent the smaller location more often than the Rittenhouse store (not that you can't find me there on a weekly basis during my lunch break!).  Joe is personable, knowledgeable and he almost always remembers not only your name, but your cheese-related preferences!  He will always make the time to let you sample and will give great advice on serving accompaniments, pairings and just general cheese know-how! He has a passion for cheese and it shows!
If you have a few moments during your commute and are in need of cheese (which I almost always am!), stop by and see Joe!I would've given them 4 stars if it weren't for the experience I had this morning. I used to come here all the time when I worked downtown right across the street. Di Bruno's was my go to place for quick healthy lunch, and easy dinner to just reheat and I love stopping here for breakfast because 2 eggs any style was just $2.99, great deal. 
I still come through this train station almost daily so I still occasionally stop for breakfast or dinner. Normally I have a pretty good experience but not today. I know the difference between scrambled eggs & an omelette but apparently the cook today had a different opinion. And instead of giving me, the customer, what I requested and paid the now $6 for, 2 eggs and sausage, he went back and forth with me over not being able to do what I wanted which was just to scramble my eggs and not have an omelette. Guess the customer isn't always right and I wish the normal morning cook would've been there. Then at least I have a breakfast I was happy with after paying more than normal.This location of Di Bruno Bros offers much of cheese, cured meats and Italian goods that can be found at the original 9th Street location but also adds quick service to go.
If you're making your way through the maze of Central Station, the food court of Comcast Center offers a number of choices but for a true taste of Philly, Di Bruno is where you have to stop. Made to order sandwiches, prepared foods, salads and cold bottled drinks make for a perfect pit stop along your travels.This review would be 2 stars, if not for the DiBruno-standard fun gourmet products. I stopped into the Comcast Center for lunch last week, and was craving a classic fave- a dibruno caprese panini. Unfortunately, they've gone up and price and down in quality! For $9.99, I received a cold/barely grilled 'panini,' filled with 2 small rounds of mozzarella, tomato slices, and arugula sliding out, on a round sandwich-thin type bread that was soggy from the pesto (not the delicious ciabatta it used to be on). While DiBruno has never been "cheap," it's always been a "get what you pay for" type of treat. That day, I could not believe I paid $10 for that mess. I do not know if other locations are this terrible, but I really hope they're not... I'd love a real caprese panini made with fresh, gooey mozzarella.First, the lady behind the counter was extremely rude to all who ordered a sandwich. I can understand that it is lunch time and that they are busy, but she was just plain rude. 
Second the sandwich I got (Napoleon) was so dry. Like eating sand dry - including the turkey. There was a very scant amount of the advertised brie, and the fig jam was tasteless (if not non-existent). One half of the sandwich had a heap of caramelized onions and the other half had none. On top of that the bread was burnt on the bottom after the "warm-up." 
I definitely will not be getting a sandwich from here again (I've had similarly dry sandwiches in the past from here).
My advice: Save your $9.99 for something that won't make you down a liter of water - stick to the cheese at Di BrunosDiBruno Bros is a block up from my apartment, and lucky for them, I'm willing to get ripped off for the sake of my laziness. At the same time though, everything here is awesome and there is quite the selection of good, quality food...and Orangina. 
This place has much of what you would expect in a market (and for this stuff, you can get it at other places for 1/16 the price), but it's gourmet selection, huge variety of prepared food, tons o' cheeses and meats, etc. makes it a place worth coming to, and subsequently spending an arm and a leg on three few items. 
Rotisserie chickens are good, brownies and mini cakes are awesome, homemade pepperoni is great. For a prepared dish, try the Pasta Carmella- it's kind of like a pink vodka sauce, but with spinach, red bell peppers, smoked gouda, sriracha chili sauce and a few others things that I'm too hungry to remember at the moment.This used to be my only go-to of in the city to get fresh cut meats, olives and cheeses in the Italian market. Then, they opened a location downtown and the prices continued to skyrocket. With so many other competitors now, it seems a bit absurd to pay the kind of price they're asking for.I love their variety of cheese, olives, jams, and jellies. Their desserts are not bad either. It is great that they let you taste the wares before you buy their numerous cheeses.Not a bad place to grab a bite for lunch if you're in the Comcast Center area. Their sandwiches are good, the little side potato/pasta/whatever salad they throw in with their sandwiches is a nice little perk, but it's priced just a little too high for just a sandwich for me to give it anything other than 3 stars. The value just isn't there.Lo and behold, they had the exact brand of balsamic vinegar that I got as a gift from my brother who did not know that this store even existed!  Bonus!
Very nice gourmet market, with the gourmet prices to boot.  It is better quality than most.Awesome roast pork sandwiches!  Just make sure to bring extra gum and breath mints as it is HEAVY on the garlic.  Love the location since I work right upstairs.  Definitely can get pricey, but they're not stingy on the portions.It's somehow not the same as the store on Chestnut ot Italian Market - but you can get a decent sandwich here - or a breakfast pastry and they have a huge refrigerated case of beverages, yougurt and grab 'n go salads, sides and snacks.
The cooked foods are often dried out and under a heat lamp any time after 12:30.  If you can - get your lunch at 11:30 before the thundering herd.
And after 2:30 it's a ghost town.Great lunch stop.   Was here for a conference and happened upon this place for lunch.   I dont like large crowds which is my criticism.   The caprese sandwich was probably one of the best sandwiches I ever had... simple but really good.I love this place to bits and pieces. Upon entering the cheese cave I always feel like I've died and gone to heaven. They are not stingy here either with letting you sample the cheeses, so you can be sure you're making the right cheese investment. Also, the staff is very educated on the products they sell. I love hearing all about the cheese I'm about to sample. I always make sure to pick up some meats, gnocchi, cheese, olives, pate, and crackers. One thing I really was looking forward to was a good selection of mushrooms, but I was utterly disappointed by the small produce selection. Also, there is a cafe upstairs, but I never bothered to check it out because I'm usually floored by my bill already, so i always figure I'll skip out on my helping of insult to financial injury. Be prepared to spend money for quality goods. Also, the meats & seafood are so nice and fresh here. I never leave without fresh sausages and some nice tenderloin. I'd say I'm overdue for my next visit to DiBruno Bros.!On December 3rd, I ordered two French Cheese plates for Christmas presents to be shipped the week of December 17th. On December 12th, I received an email that the order was shipped via FedEx. I received two tracking numbers that showed a delivery of Saturday, Dec 15th for both packages. I learned that the packages did not get shipped after calling their Customer Service Department that following Monday. I was told the orders were ready and will be shipped on Tuesday, Dec 18th. I then learned after arriving to one of the destinations that my packages were in fact sent December 21st. The arrival will not be until December 26th, after all the guests, including me have left. My purchase is now a waste.
I think they make an excellent product, however, I would not rely on their shipping service or the customer service by phone. They are refunding my shipping and agreed that I should have had more packages there by Christmas but are doing nothing further to rectify the situation. A complete refund so i could replace my gift with something local or offering to overnight me a replacement today, 12/22, would have cured the situation.
I was embarrassed not to have my hostess gift arrive before I did. Very disappointed by the lack of service. My host will be left with an enormous amount of cheese and no guest. :(Again I was wandering around trying to decide what I wanted for dinner... something different is what I wanted. I hadn't been to the Comcast Center so I checked it out and ultimately I ended up at Di Bruno Bros. I got a buy one get one free deal on paninis. I think paninis are overpriced across the board so I don't buy them from anywhere, but hey this was my time. It was pretty good. I still didn't think it was worth $7-8, but for 2 I can live with that.
Di Bruno has an interesting selection of "everything." I bought a large bottle of imported tea... it looked akin to Mr. Clean. It tasted a little weak, but eh it satisfied my sometimes unrelenting thirst. I really wanted to get some sweets, but the bill can add up so quickly I showed restraint. Again, it was the end of the day and that stuff was probably on it's way out.
I don't do much business in the area, but it's certainly a step up from the Liberty Place. There's a certain level of understated class and exclusivity about the Comcast Center's eatery. Will I be back? Perhaps. I've yet to try that bakery.
By the way, Di Bruno's Abbruzze cheese spread is like a magic bullet for home made wraps. I'm definitely leaving out with one next time I go.I stopped by this food court hoping to find a quick dessert after my meal across the street. I settled on a chocolate chip cookie from Di Bruno's that was pretty tasty and generously sized! Nothing amazing, but definitely worth the $2 if you're craving something sweet.So I was in Philly with someone I didn't know, and we only had twenty minutes. Wait, that didn't sound right, did it? Take two. I was on a business trip in Philadelphia visiting clients with the regional sales manager with whom I've spoken only over the phone. Now that didn't sound as prurient, did it? Good. Y'see, I'm from San Francisco, and I was tagging along on his appointments. It was completely vertical, OK?
He was rightfully proud to show off the new, state-of-the-art Comcast Experience HD Video Wall at where else?...the Comcast Center. We were so mesmerized by the moving images that we had realized we needed to grab lunch before our next meeting. Now what "lunch" means to a salesperson is stepping away to make more prospect calls while letting me loose in the marketplace downstairs with way too many choices to process in my preoccupied mind. 
I went to the Di Bruno Bros. counter because they had the longest line, which I realize seems counterintuitive given the time constraints. However, quality still matters, and that many Philly folks in a line can't be wrong, right? They weren't. I had a really good Pulled Pork Sandwich for about $12, very meaty but somehow melty at the same time and all between two slices of freshly baked challah. Now I couldn't tell you it was the best pulled pork sandwich in the city since it was the only one I had in Philadelphia. But hey, it's gotta be up there, don't you think? Well, the Comcast marketplace offers quite a selection of eateries, but I think I made the right choice with an only-in-Philly sammie. 
FOOD - 4 stars...meaty but melty...how could that be wrong? 
AMBIANCE - 3.5 stars...well, it's a food court after all...but a clean new one 
SERVICE - 3 stars...they make it right in front of you, thus the line 
TOTAL - 4 stars...Yo, Adrian...this here is a good sandwichThis place is awful.  Very disorganized, but the worst part is the food.  I was a little shocked to find that the sandwiches were all pre-made.  But I figured, ok, I'll try it anyway.  I bought an italian hoagie for $8 and honestly, it was the worst sandwich I've ever had.  The bread was stale and not fresh.  It had the taste of bread that has been refrigerated to try and keep it fresh.  There were about 3 pieces of meat on the sandwich and cheese that was not sharp, even though it said it was.  Awful quality and waste of money.Di Bruno Bros is so good, I almost feel like I don't deserve it when I casually have it for lunch. Some of the guilt comes from the cost, but most of it comes from the fact that their food would be great for a nice date night dinner. This particular Di Bruno's is conveniently located in the Comcast Center food court which is connected to Suburban Station. They have a variety of sandwiches, grilled cheese, soup, salads, and an assortment of prepared foods. I recommend: crab cakes, meatballs, the caprese sandwich, and the salmon nicoise salad.
I wouldn't say that their staff is particularly warm and friendly but I've never had a problem with them. They have a huge freezer with endless options of food and drinks you can quickly grab. This includes hard boiled eggs, AWESOME salads, kombucha, La Colombe coffee, meats & cheeses, fruits, veggies, hummus, and much more. They also offer tempting candy and chips by the register. The best part is the quality of food. I LOVE Di Bruno Bros.Got a caprese sandwich and it was perfect and delicious. I am a huge fan of arugula. Also had pesto on it. My only complaint is that I paid $10 for a tomato and cheese sandwich. Whyyyyyyyy?!Food was okay. Service is remarkably slow, as has been mentioned, and I wasn't even there during a lunch rush (3:50pm). I was surprised that the Pumped Up Pastrami wasn't heated all the way through; the bread was hot, but the inside was cold and kinda gross.
The broccoli rabe was very good, and they have an excellent selection of pastries. I also really enjoyed their drink selection. The place is pretty clean and well-organised.
If you're waiting for the train, this is likely your best option. I was just hoping for more.The best place to go when shopping for an authentic Italian meal. The meat and cheeses are world class!!Chicken Lasagna and Mash Potato just awful. I should say I purchased from the take and go display. A slice of Lasagna cost $12.00. Shameful. Quick dinner = Quick disappointment at DiBruno Bros!I stopped at DiBruno's on a whim at 7:45 AM for a (pricey) breakfast sandwich.  COOKED TO ORDER.  I had scrambled eggs (2), cheddar, spinach and tomato on an english muffin.  Came to $4.49 with tax - yikes - but man was it good.
An indulgence for sure - and you gotta wait several minutes - especially if there is a line (at 7:45 there wasn't) as they painstakingly prepare everyone's sandwich, omlette or oatmeal ONE at a time.
Wow.  A yuppy puppy brekkie for sure!Their Spicy Italian grilled cheese is the very best in the biz. Can't say I'm a huge fan of their in-the-bin breakfast sandwiches tho; but highly recommend everything else.Boring Brussel Sprouts!
I frequent this location several times a month. Today, I ordered the Brussel sprouts with my lunch. This review is for the Brussel sprouts. They were not flavorful, they were bland and old. I didn't even finish them. There are several delicious ways to make Brussel sprouts. Please suggest the following recipe:
Roasted Brussel Sprouts
Glaze: Honey,Sea Salt,Balsamic Vinegar and mix
Cover sprouts with olive oil and roast in oven. When finished glaze the sprouts with the above mixture. 
I hope this helps....but please change the recipe for the sprouts. Thanks.**This review is strictly based on their Cafe.
This is one my spots for quick coffee runs because of it's convenient location right under the Comcast Center.  Service is fast and I generally don't have to wait in long lines.
My go to is the La Columbe Draft Latte:
This cold drink comes right out a tap, which is a big plus when you're in a rush because it requires little to no assembly.
The drink comes out the tap with a light milky frothy consistency.  The taste kind of  reminds me of chocolate milk and when it hits your tongue feels airy and foamy.  It is a very unique cold coffee beverage in terms in texture.
They also carry an assortment of pastries and to my experience are good, but nothing I have tried so far has been too particularly special.it's lunch time. i'm starving. i eat healthy. it's raining. working in city hall there are plenty of options above-ground for some relatively inexpensive protein and greens. but when it's pouring, the last thing i want to do is traipse around in my heels and pencil skirt. so i opt for the urine-filled tunnels of philadelphia's underground. my go-to sub-terrain lunch spot is the salad joint in the comcast center where you can make your own giant salad for about $7. but the line was out the door because everyone had the same idea as me. so i looked across the way at dibruno's open-aired refrigerator with plastic containers of anything you could want that's mostly organic, vegan, and/or uber-healthy marked up about 75% over market value.  $6 for a 1/4 cup of quinoa? go f*%# yourself. side note: is it just me or does that place just make you want to steal? anyway, i looked over all the overpriced bougie crap and selected a spinach salad, veggie pad thai, and a san pellegrino.  the san pelligrino was merely a joke i was playing on myself for actually purchasing all of these items.  even when i checked out at the register i felt like a douche to the cashier.  i bet he was swiping my card for $16 and thinking, "what a white collar douchebag.."  when i opened my plastic containers i found half-wilted spinach and the pad thai was just noodles with 3 tofu cubes and a tablespoon of peanuts.  ok, i know they didn't "make" this crap, but still... $16??  i'll stick with the salad stand from now on, thank you.Not too shabby! Got my favorite dessert - cannolis; since I'm visiting the BEST coast. I'm originally from NY - so, I'm a little picky. Di Bruno's didn't disappoint. All the ladies were very helpful and nice. They also gave me a menu to go - because they ship! Yummy! They have cakes, cookies, biscottis and much more. Check them out.I visit DiBruno's every time I am in Philly and it never disappoints. I've had the subs, and the premade meals. I've eaten their free cheese samples and purchase slices of pound cake for the road. The best thing I ever purchased here was a milk chocolate bacon bar. Yup it's exactly what it sounds like a candy bar with bacon in it. Yummy! The only downside is it is expensive. You could never do all your grocery shopping at DiBruno's. It's more a specialty item kind of place.I wish I could show you the eggs I received.  I asked for over light (yoke little runny, white part lightly cooked).  After two tries, I gave up.  
I have spoken to management before when one of their cooks seasoned my food without asking.  But EGGS TAKE TIME.  You can't rush eggs that aren't scrambled.  The fire was too high so the eggs were brown.
Didn't want the cook to try again....had to get to my office.  Ugh
#impicky
#cookingeggsrequireskillGreat neighborhood place.  Wonderful cheese selection if you like cheese (just remembered I've been carting around a piece of got there in my cargo pocket).  Just tried the Ewephoria Sheeps milk cheese...very very good.  A little pricy, but all in all an experience and great vibe in here.Not sure what this place prides itself in. This shop at Suburban station is disgusting. I ordered a custom breakfast sandwich with onions and tomatoes - pretty basic. The lady first smirked and called the man from behind the grill saying "she wants something from your station not mine" while she took another custom sandwich order! Eggs in my sandwich were burnt black on the edges and way over cooked. Rotisserie chicken, shepherds pie are equally horrible. Feels like eating roadkill.I'm very unclear as to what I just spent almost 11 dollars on. I just ordered one of the Mushroom Kingdom grilled cheeses which was purported to come with a tomato soup and a side of pickles. The mushroom kingdom sand which is described as "local mushrooms, garlic butter, truffle oil, goat cheese, brioche bread. Served with a side of tomato soup and pickles" Should be sinfully delicious!! What I got was limp bread with goat cheese, what looks to be canned mushrooms, and a side of marinara sauce and four pickle slices :( :( :(. I'm attaching a photo for reference but folks this lunch was ROUGH. Will not be back for lunch, would rather spend money at yummy sushi or Panda Express!! At least I would be full and much happier.Dear Di Bruno Bros.
Getting breakfast should not be this hard....
#learnedlessonmakemyown
#strikenumberthreeMost places have to REALLY piss me off to earn a one-star review.  Mind you, diBruno's has NOT really pissed me off, they just do *so* many things in piss-poor fashion.  I found myself subtracting a star for this, a star for that, and finally I'm just left realizing I do not like this place at all, for the sum of its mismanaged parts, and I have no more stars to give.
One and a half stars lost for my putting $1 in your tip jar, and then finding out you did not prepare my bagel for me.  Butter packets, a flimsy knife (not conducive to spreading ice cold butter at ALL) and a bagel in a bag?  Uhm, why did I put a dollar in your tip jar for a $1.25 bagel???  I specifically buy bagels out rather than prepare them in my home for this convenience alone.  I have an aversion to getting my hands all greasy preparing a bagel while I'm trying to shoulder my bags and not have my scarf swoop through messy foil butter packets.  Butter my damn bagel, please!!!
Another 1.5 star removal for pre-prepared sandwiches.  Bread gets soggy, OK?  And I like stuff freshly prepared, especially if I'm paying diBruno prices for it.  I specifically ordered my caprese sandwich on sesame bread because I saw that combination was not in the pre-prepared sad stack.  They merely took (wasted) one of the pre-prepared sandwiches, moved its fillings to the sesame bread, grilled it (aaaah!  I didn't want it heated!) and handed it to me.  Other times I've asked if they can prepare one fresh, and they look at me like I have two heads before telling me they don't have mozz to do that with.  Uhm, hello, you are an Italian cheese shop.  You don't have a ball of fresh mozz in the place?! 
The sandwich prep area sucks for ordering.  I never know where to go.  I stand on one side of the glass, no one acknowledges me.  I stand on the other side, no one acknowledges me.  Once they do get around to waiting on customers they are friendly, but it's like they don't realize I'm standing there waiting to order for several minutes with no one in front of me.  I am not the most patient person in the world; diBruno has missed out on many an order from me because I get fed up and go somewhere else for a bagel or sandwich. 
It's a huge space, very spread out.  I really dislike the layout.  Sometimes I'll place an order and then wander as I wait, just to find something I never knew they carried that I'd rather eat.  Darn.  
My hometown (Rockville MD) used to have this fantastic little Italian deli (Vignola) with quality merchandise and a bangin caprese sub.  I need a place to replace them with, but diBruno does not make the cut.  This place has got a lot of work to do, in my opinion.  You serve expensive sandwiches; prepare them fresh.  I thought diBruno was supposed to be an establishment of quality foods, not fast foods.Always swinging by weekly for a quick grab and go for lunch. They offer generous portions for a "small salad" and the fridge is equipped with loads of drinks including kombucha which is a plus for me. I like to build my own salad since they give a wide range of protein and toppings but their preset salads and sandwiches look good too. 
I usually come by at least once a week and if it's raining, even more convenient since it's inside the Comcast center!As many other Yelpers have observed, the Comcast DiBruno's location is mighty convenient for grab and go prepared foods.   I will add only that the meatballs and sauce are Mr. M's favorites and are a delicious time-saver.  For prepared foods at the end of a long day and the convenience of close proximity to the Regional Rail lines, I am willing to pay a premium.I have been a fan of Di Bruno Bros. for years and visited their on-street location at 17th and Chestnut dozens of times and fell in love with their sandwiches, cheeses and great side dishes. 
When I discovered they had a convenient location under the Comcast, I wondered how the smaller location compared to the other. Although it is noticeably cramped into a food court, Di Bruno Bros does make sure to offer a variety of satisfying eats as in its other locations. There are of course the salads, meats, cheeses and pasta food but this was my first time going for breakfast. 
The breakfast was good, not their strong point, I would try again though but not go out my to do so. I ordered a Veggie Breakfast Sandwich on a Philly Muffin which was cooked fresh to order. Note, there is about a 10 minute wait after ordering, but they have prepared breakfast sandwiches, oatmeal, scones and muffins and other assorted pastries for those in a rush.
Personally, I would stick to the lunch items: I am of fan of their stuffed peppers and Antipasto.Located underneath the Comcast Center is this Di Bruno's. 
My experience here was very quick and simple. 
I was in need of some drinks and I saw their variety so I decided to check it out. They have soda, Pelligrino, water, sports drinks and juice! I thought a Propel would be nice ok such a hot day, so I decided to pick that up. 
I went to check out and quickly made my transaction. 
While Di Bruno's can be expensive, the item I bought today was not. 
The cashier was really nice, but professional. 
I great thing about this Di Bruno's is that it is attached to Suburban Station. If you need to catch a train you can stop off here for a bite to eat! 
If in the Comcast Center again, I will make sure to pickup something from here for either lunch or to take home. However, I will definitely continue to visit my local Di Bruno's in the Ardmore Farmer's Market!I wasn't particularly impressed with this joint. The main point of contention was the service, really. I stopped by in the morning to pick up breakfast on my way to work. There is an area for "grab and go" and there is an area to order food to be made. So I stroll over to the area where the food is to be made, and there are three schmucks just hanging out behind the counter. So I figure that I should get in line and order from the cashier. So I wait in line only to be told to go over to the schmucks to order there. Great. So I go and order and they are just slooooow. Just two minutes they tell me. 
Hah if it was only two minutes. If it all wasn't pre-made, I wouldn't be annoyed. But it was and all they had to do was assemble my wrap. Just annoyed me as i had to wait in line again to pay. I just had a similar experience like this in this neighborhood. I don't get it. Plus there's some corporate executive jerk who's blocking the exit. While not the fault of the management's, it wouldn't happen if the layout was designed to bottleneck the entrance/exit. Although at that point I was so miffed, I would have been annoyed with just about anything.
When I got into work and tasted the breakfast wrap, it was delicious. I instantly understood why this place was so successful and renown. I had the ultimate breakfast wrap which was a fritatta with spinach and mushrooms along with some breakfast meat (prosciutto I believe) slathered with either a marscapone or ricotta on a grilled tortilla. It was great, I only wish there was more of it! I would definitely like to try more things here, hopefully with a staff that isn't awful.Each and every time I have stopped at this entity, I experienced an unpleasant experience. Many of the Customers are rude, and think of no one but themselves.  Seems endemic as others have shared common experience. No more for me for this Overpriced store.Been coming downtown for job training and this is one of my favorite spots to grab lunch. 
When it comes to what I order, my go to is the turkey blt wraps grilled, which are so tasty and fresh. 
I have yet to try any desserts from here but heard they are really good. The wraps are where its at. 
The service is great and speedy and can have you in and out really fast.I stopped by multiple times for a breakfast sandwich and lunch multiple times. The bread was stale and eggs undercooked . The employees were extremely rude and temperamental. Definitely avoid this place.should be called chicken noodle broth. you should be embarrassed that a worker would serve this. two pieces of carrots and a few broken up noodles. thankfully I purchased a roll because that's the only thing that's going to fill you up.  I gave 3 stars because I love the rotisserie chicken but this soup is a disgrace.This is a nice place under the Comcast. Today I met with a friend and some rowdy kids for breakfast before heading to the Franklin Institute. The staff accommodated us so well that they deserve five stars just for tolerance.  I have not given five stars, however, because this location does not have enough diversity in its food options. That is, there are virtually no healthy options.  Among its simple carbs, meat and cheese, DB must find room for vegetables and fruits. "Where's the fiber and micronutrients," I feel myself calling!  The fine staff would be able to serve it, and your guests will feel better about eating at DB if we felt we were supporting something other than the already well subsidized cheese and meat market.
So, conveniently located underground for poor weather dining option near the trains and Philadelphia museums; friendly employees eager to please; seating when it is not a regular work day and swamped by Center City employees.  But limited options making it difficult to enjoy a healty meal.The grilled cheese was sadly disappointing.  It was essentially melted American cheese on barely toasted white bread.  I expected so much more from this place. In retrospect, I suspect my sandwich was microwaved-that explains the soggy bread. However, I'm sure that the sandwich was grilled at some point, since there were charred grill bits on itI give this place 3 stars because it's pricy for some average food, but on the plus side it's easy to steal from. I grab a drink and keep on walking every time they give me bad overpriced food. They be raising their prices by a dollar every month, so get a sandwich while they are still $12.I sometimes stop by here when in the area, it's convenient to have a Di Bruno Bros in the food court.  I'm a semi-regular of the Di Bruno Bros by Rittenhouse Square, I'm pretty much sold on that store, so for me, this smaller one is good in a pinch to grab a delicious sandwich or an entree to bring home, but they lack the selection that the larger store on Chestnut Street offers.  I enjoyed a delicious sandwich here the other day and some yummy chocolate cookies!  For the most part, the food has been fresh, except for one item that wasn't.  The customer service is okay, some associates are friendly and others are a bit rude, the cashier yelled at me when she thought I was line jumping, which I clearly wasn't, asking a question, I thought that was a bit snippy.  By the way, they only have 2 cashiers and 1 line so expect a bit of a wait.  The food doesn't disappoint though!A must stop when we visit Philadelphia. Outstanding selection of cheese and salami's. The sandwiches are freshly made even though most are already prepared, trust me they are fresh. You can order your own custom sandwich but with the selection they have why not choose from them. Highly recommend the store. The upstairs has a cafe for more of a selection of food to eat at the tables.There's always a long line but Di Bruno's is always top choice.  The line's worth it!!!  Nice spot to grab a "quick" lunch (you'll eat it quickly...but u'll wait/work for it).
Seats are hard to find too so if you need to sit down...come with other people and have a game plan...secure seats and then disperse to get food...of course always making sure 1 person stays behind as gatekeeper.Both Christmas gifts that we ordered were shipped to two different family members out of state were NOT the items I purchased. When I reached out to Maria Crespo, I was asked for "proof" of wrong items and wanted the recipient(s) to send detailed pictures of the gift they received. This is NOT how mistakes should be handled. I am NOT asking my family to take pictures of their GIFTS and I will NEVER order from you again.  Buyer beware and your customer service sucks.It's a good thing I don't work in the Comcast Center. I'd probably spend all my money at DiBruno and eat cheese and bread for lunch every day, rendering me into one of those people who wears the matching separates that barely pass as acceptable out-of-the-house clothes. You know the ones.
While I didn't peruse the cheese and charcuterie section on my short visit yesterday, I did have a bangin' iced coffee with a shot of chocolate syrup. Delish!My coworker ordered a chicken sandwich with basil and cheese. Completely edible but  not worth the calories, they can be better allocated elsewhere.If only max had stopped giving me samples...I wouldn't have bought 10 pounds of cheese...this completed my foodie trip from Buffalo, and what a way to end. The staff take their time to educate you...and suggest pairings. And they have the pairings too! This little shop met and exceeded my expectations. An episode of the LAYOVER turned me on to this place. Well done...When I think of the Italian Market, I think of Di Bruno's.  (And, of course, Claudio, Talluto's, the spice shop, and the man at the produce stand on the corner of Carpenter who always seems to be yelling at one of his colleagues.)
It's quite an experience to walk in on a busy Saturday morning to a line of gents behind the counter, tending to all the needs of the long line in front of the counter.  YES, there's a line to the back of the store many of those times.  But YO, it's Saturday, and it's cheese heaven you've just entered.  Waiting in line is time spent oogling at all of the wonderous culinary treasures that place has to offer.  Sample a few cheeses on your way down the line, and listen to what other people order.  Enjoy the banter the staff bounces around as they slice.  
And it's happened more than a few times that I've gone in to order something - whoever's helping me will offer me a sample slice of whatever I'm already buying.  "Just in case you need to jog your memory a bit", they'll say.  I'll usually end up leaving with more than I'd set out for, which is a testament both to my non existent will power, and their ability to upsell.
YES, you'll spend a bit of moolah.  But man, if it's tasty goodness you seek, then you've spent said moolah at the right place.We were very disappointed after driving up from Washington DC to shop in Little Italy. We filled our basket with various types of pastas and cheeses such as fresh mozzarella.  We wanted a specific cheese that we saw hanging up. The clerk took down the cheese removed the wrapper and apparently was concerned about the smell of the cheese and freshness.  He asked his coworker and he said it was OK. After we got home we noticed that the cheese was rotten.  We are too far away to bring it back and needless to say we will nevI only go to Di Bruno's every once in a while, at first I was quite overwhelmed and nervous, it's quite a fast paced environment but I've learned to embrace it.  The shop is wicked tiny but the shelves are filled to the brim with product, oils, vinegars, pastas, jams, and other condiments.  The staff is very knowledgeable and incredibly adorable, and they don't look at you funny when you buy the prepackaged cheese or ask too many questions, it's comforting.Did you think that Whole Foods had a nice selection of cheese? Fuggedaboutit. This place has a dizzying choice of cheeses, plus that authentic feel of a real cheese shop. Not to mention oils, vinegars and other gourmet items. 
I got a sandwich (to hold me before I took my flight back home to Chicago); "The Italian Job" was composed of proscuitto, their handmade mozzarella, roasted red peppers, sea salt, cracked pepper and Tuscan olive oil on a skinny, crusty roll. It was filling enough to hold me the rest of the afternoon, definitely tasty and gave me a good sampling of their various products. 
Staff was all noticably nice and smiling in an easygoing way. 
Di Bruno Brothers has been around since 1939. It's not hard to see why. Great selection, service and food. What more can you ask for?Love this location and all that it has to offer. A great place to get some of the finest cheeses, baked goods, various Italian dishes and sides as well as delicious grilled cheese sandwiches and soups. The prices are right for what you're purchasing...gourmet items and fresh ingredients, so no complaints. Love the entire staff, Sequoia, Anthony, Aj and the others, they all make the place warm and inviting, super helpful and always friendly as well as knowledgeable!All varieties of delicious cured things, and the staff knows just what they're talking about. Don't leave without L'Amuse Gouda.
I'm living in a rural area in Northern New York, and I don't have anything like Di Bruno nearby. I wish I did. The grocery store doesn't cut it. I'll be visiting them every time I'm in Philadelphia.The Yelp reviews may have led me to Di Bruno Bros. but it was the cheese samples that made me linger. 
Holy cheese selection. I was in heaven. My only regret? That I had a plane to catch the next day with no means of toting around half a dozen hunks of specialty cheeses. From the oozing, spoonable cheeses rolled in tree bark to cheeses that make you think of brussel sprouts, in a good way- they have it all. If I lived in Philly, this would be my go-to spot for charcuterie and cheese boards before parties (did I mention they have nuts and antipasto too?). 
The cherry on top? The staff was super attentive despite being busy and knowing we were out-of-towners only looking to purchase a few snacks. I saved the label of my cheese and can't wait to flash it around to the cheese experts in Indy. Five stars. No doubt about it. 
Love,
Queso Me CrazyI just went their for lunch to grab something quick.  Quick it was not.  So I place my order and then you go into a long line.  It was a line mixed up with people placing drink orders and paying for the food.  My food was done at least 5 minutes done before I actually pay.  So the service as far as paying is quite slow.  As far as the food it was ok....first of all b/c of the wait it was practically cold.  And I got the mac'n cheese sandwhich so probably if was right off the grill it would have been better.  The tomato soup was the best  part but it was in the liitle container you get for dressing when you order a dressing.  Can you spare it?....it's tomato soup.  Needless to say I would never go there again to get lunch.  Over priced and totally inefficient.  You need your whole lunch break in order to order from this place.I like both Claudio's and DiBruno's in the Italian Market but DiBruno's has friendlier service - namely Ian, the manager.  You can tell that he really loves running this shop and knows the products intimately.  You get such attention compared to the frantically busy and segmented store on Chestnut.  Definitely one of my favorite spots in the Italian Market.As a philly native I have been shopping DiBruno Bros 9th st location for 30 years. They have always been helpful and offer samples of various cheeses based on your tastes. They have also recommended good values of types of cheeses. My experience today was very disappointing. The employee had a nasty attitude and appeared to be annoyed by my questions. I asked for a couple of cheese styles I was looking for and he cut samples. I guess I should have asked for prices this time since he sold me the most expensive cheese I have ever purchased anywhere in my life. Do your employees now work on commission?delicious food offered in a wonderfully appetizing and adorable fashion... A little over priced, but so worth it!
Quaint and feels like a market out of the olden days!I'm a big fan of the other Dibruno's locations so I expected this one to be just as good.  Imagine my surprise when it was better!  I had some of the best service ever at this location.  
I had a specific recipe in mind and went to pick out the cheese I knew I needed.  The woman at the cheese counter let me sample the cheese I wanted and then asked what I was using it for.  She asked if I wanted to "go wild" and suggested a complimentary cheese to use in addition to the original for the recipe to give it some extra oomph!  I sampled that as well and was blown away.  I got both cheeses, and some aged cheddar for snacking on, and left extremely happy.  
I can't wait to come back for lunch and try out one of their sandwiches from the deli side.Just moved around the corner into a bigger space. Dibrunos carries a huge amount of prepared foods, spreads, sauces, and cheese. I'm not a cheese conneiseur but have been told they have a great selection. This is basically a limited upscale market. It's probably a great place to stop by if you work near Center City and want to pick something up to take home or by something gourmet. They also have a decent beverage and fresh vegetable section.Got 2 "turkey burger" patties (2 x $6) and a "black bean burger" patty ($7)
The turkey burgers were pretty good. Filling with a unique and interesting taste (in a good way, haha!) I might buy again.
The black bean burger patty was mostly rice. seriously. I didn't really enjoy this one and wouldn't consider buying it again.Lovely new DiBruno's brother with great service. Some fresh veggies, good cheese and smoked/aged meats, sandwiches, a small bakery. A great place to get a fresh lunch on the go. I wish they had meats here too, oh well. DiBrunos is always a bit expensive, but very fresh and everything is quality.What is this cheesy wonderland I find myself perusing?! What a delightful spot. From the tempting cheese, all sorts of gourmet little jars of things, authentic Italian meats, and phenomenal staff, everything at Di Bruno is perfection. While it can be a tad overwhelming for the average cheese enthusiast, there's always an employee close by to make a recommendation. I had a wine and cheese party to attend and had the good fortune of meeting Benny the cheese man who let me try a few tastes and made perfect recommendations for my party. He even helped me pair some delicious cheese with a cranberry chutney that was nothing short of a culinary delight. This is the kind of spot where myself, or really any other foodie, can spend hours and an entire paycheck. But I regret nothing! And plan go back quite regularly.Great healthy lunch option with value outweighing cost. If I lived in Philadelphia, this would be my go to spot for food.Stopped in today to grab fast healthy lunch.
Purchased Mediterranean Plate $9.99.'so excited to sink my teeth into it, garlic hummus bland, tabouli salad bland, Tunisian Cous Cous salad bland. What happen to Di Bruno's ? Loved the Pappadew PepperI had never heard of this place when my wife and I had just stumbled upon it when we were walking through the Italian market in south phillie, which we also didn't know about, I guess we didn't do our homework b4 our trip. This place is tiny, it's a wonder how they got the huge provolones hanging in the window. Besides the cheese, they have a great  selection of salumi that I just had to buy a couple of chubs and bring back home with me, I wonder what the TSA people thought that was. This is a perfect place to pick up some salumi, cheese, olives, bread, wine and have yourself a picnic. They even have a second more modern location in Rittenhouse Square which I didn't know about until I got home and we were in that Square, damn...I really have to do my homework next time.This place gets 3 stars because it's probably one of the only places in the Italian Market that wouldn't get shut down in the Health Inspector came to do a surprise visit to all of the business on 9th St one day.
But, considering what the Center City Di bruno Bros. offers, I was a bit disappointed when I went to this shop. I was expecting there to be more varieties of cheese. Though obviously the selection is wide, it's not much better than the Center City store, which is surprising considering this place specializes in cheese, charcuterie, etc.A tiny cramped store stuffed with specialty foods. My sister and I came here eager to try the cheese and smoked meats. The staff were very friendly, but also VERY push salesmen, pushing us to purchase this meat, to go with this cheese, etc. Also of course, prices are very high. They were also very generous with samples as well, without making you guilty for wanting to try a taste! We got several cheeses, duck and regular procuttio, and bread. My sister enjoys procuttio more than I do, and while it was good, I didn't think it was fantastic, I thought I would enjoy the duck procuttio more. The sheeps cheese I chose was very good, as was the bread. Overall this place is fun to visit and try out, but I couldn't do this very often we left after having spend almost $70! A nice experience though.By far best around..stopped here on my way to florida and ws treated by a pleasant staff..who were very knowledgeable on all the items..A young lady who I think ws Alexa helped me choose assorted cheeses..A Gent by the name of Johnny Zancolli ws a class act and very professional..ill def.be bk.the expresso was very clean n crisp..thank you.I love the dibrunos in the Italian market and on chestnut street, but the service at this location just sucks. 
I went to this location to pick up my cheese tote and of course you can't walk into dibrunos without perusing around. I got to the cheese section and no one asked me if I wanted help (very different from the other locations that I love). So I got tired of standing around and just go to the counter to pick up my tote and I ask if I could pick up my friends tote as well. The cranky lady just says "no. We don't do that. That's not allowed" so I say... I have his email confirmation and she says "fine let me ask". She asks someone behind the cheese stand and he says "no". So i say... "Why not? What if I show you a picture of his drivers license? To confirm it's the same person" And he just says " no we can't do that" 
So rude. I suppose I was expecting the type of service I would get in any other di Bruno's. I wish they gave me some reason like  "we are trying to generate more traffic to this store so we would like people to physically pick up their own totes", instead of not giving me a reason at all. 
Maybe if their service was up to par, people would actually go to this branch. In the meantime, I will definitely stick to my favorite friendly Di Bruno's at 18th and chestnut.Di Bruno Bros on Chestnut Street now makes fritatta in the morning. It is delicious! I have been stopping there almost every morning to get a piece. Absolutely worth going out of my way for it. Some of the best fritatta I have eaten!A cute little grocery/deli. Lots of options in the deli section for meats and cheeses in addition to prepared good. There are also a variety of baked goods. Everything is a but pricey. I guess that should be expected considering the location. I had lunch for DiBrunos twice last week. The first day I had the marinated chicken breast (just okay), the grilled asparagus (needs a tad more seasoning), eggplant Lombardi (pretty good!), and the gluten free brownie (excellent!).  The next visit I repeated the eggplant Lombardi, tried the potato latke (ehh), and I added a brownie again :-) 
The prepared food is cold and can be packaged to go to consume later or packaged and heated. If you are going for the later option good luck. They will hear it to Luke warm if that, if you are headed back to the office to eat just heat it there if possible. If not you may want to have it heated thoroughly. 
Overall, pretty good but a little hit or miss. If you are gluten free they do have a good but of options that are conveniently marked as well.I think DiBruno Brothers may be #1 on the list of things I miss from back home.  I've been in Alaska almost a year now, and I was wandering around the supermarket the other day waxing nostalgic about DiBruno Brothers. I think my sweetheart couldn't understand why I was making such a big deal about cheese.  I used to make a special trip to Philly at least once a month to get my fix.
DiBruno Brothers has all of my favorites at the best prices ... Palacios Chorizo, Cabrales, aged Manchego, razor-thin Jamon Serrano, olives, Membrillo and flavored balsamic reductions.  My heart skips a beat just thinking about it.  DiBruno Brothers is a high-end whorehouse for those of us that love food porn.  It's so wrong it's right.  Really.Sales people were so nice for my first time here. The food made my mouth water just looking at it. Hams, cheeses, Mediterranean bar, desserts, breads... the whole shabang! I went in looking to get a simple salad, walked out with a salad, mozzarella and tomato salad and a snickers dessert bar. A little on the expensive side (mine was about $15) but the food was worth it. Great place for catering or to pick up some fresh fruit or pasta for dinner. Definitely will be going back for more!I frequent DiBruno Bros when I'm in need of a quick gourmet lunch, samples of their artesian cheese, an ingredient I can't find at the local market or a need for a new pantry item. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable! Now carring local coffee co. One Village Coffee, this little spot has become a favorite destination for my family!VERY good. They're very generous with their samples here. I ordered the oldest aged provolone that they had, and it was delicious.
Very tiny place, unlike the one in Rittenhouse Square. Although, they have lots of workers to make the lines go by quickly.This place is primo when it comes to buying cheese, olives, and all kinds of gourmet cured meat and oils.  
Careful - you can spend a ton of money in here, easy.  That's because of the free samples which they are more than willing to give you - to me, they are all that good!  And if you're picky, just keep looking.  You are bound to find something that you just have to leave with.  
My faves are the super-hot cheeses (I get mine cubed in a little tub; great for watching the game!) and at the top of the list is the oil-cured black olives, pitted.  Man, that stuff is good!
This place is ALWAYS crowded on the weekends, so get there early if you want to do some culinary exploring.  It's definitely worth the early wake-up.So our experience at DiBruno started out awesome...we stopped in for a certain type of cheese and while they didn't have it, the cheesemonger easily recommended something similar, which we sampled and enjoyed. After selecting our cheese and a container of dulce de leche, we said that was it. This is how our conversation proceeded with the employee:
Employee: Can I get you anything else?
Us: No thank you.
Employee: But this dulce de leche is 2 for $12.99. 
Us: No thanks. One is enough.
Employee: What about some olives?
Us: No thanks. This is all we need.
Employee: Some nuts?"
Us: No thank you. 
Employee: How about bread or crackers? That's a necessity with cheese.
Us: No. Thank you. That's all we want. We just want to pay. 
Employee: Are you kidding me? You NEED bread to go with your cheese.
Us: We have bread at home. This is all we want.
Employee: Okkkkkkk whatever you say. Your total is $__.
It was truly the pushiest, most obnoxious experience I have ever had. I was truly appalled at how she refused to just allow us to pay. What started out as a great experience just spiraled out of control. There's a difference between being a good salesperson and being downright rude. I can assure you that next time I want to buy cheese, I will go next door to Claudio's where they aren't going to make me feel guilty for not buying everything in the entire store.Ludacris, wrote the song "Move B%^$# Get Out Da Way" About
Di Bruno Bros
So....
Please get out of my way
Excuse me
Get out. All of you. Get. Out!
I am trying to do my goddamn grocery shopping.
But what do you all do?
You get in my way as you oooo and aaah over the cheese and the meats and the culinary sauces. You walk the wrong direction and slam into me at the cheese stations.
You make it impossible for me to enjoy myself at THE GREATEST STORE IN PHILADELPHIA
Seriously, this store trumps Dean & Deluca, Zabars, etc, all the gourmet stores in NYC.  So the Eagles may continue to fall to the Giants.  Phillies to the Yankees and Mets BUT in Gourmet, Philly trumps NYC
Do you know how much I just paid for that bobka? You are ruining my goddamn bakery high. You are in the way of my marinated salmon filets. You are knocking into my fucking baguette.
Just do me favor, now that you know the best gourmet store in the world, GET OUT DA WAY!High end food market, fit for the true foodie in all of us. Eat the free cheese samples, take a gender at the prepared foods or hit the cafeteria upstairs. It's a neighborhood gem that's a must if in the area.This place is amazing. Di Bruno Bros is a historic meat & cheese stop in the Italian market, and it's something you most definitely shouldn't miss out on. Everything that the store carries has been carefully chosen, and though it's a small shop, its selection seems pretty perfect to me.
The cheese selection is incredible, and though I love cheese, I wouldn't call myself an expert. But not to worry, because the staff is SO helpful, and so nice. You can tell them what kind of cheese you're looking for, and they'll let you sample as many as you want. I took home a type of brie, and they'll chop you a piece that fits your needs. They also have a number of sausages and proscuittos you can try, and they'll even chop up the sausage for you so you can put it directly into your salad or pasta or whatever. Other noms include olives and pasta sauces. 
Definitely recommend coming here - from what I understand it gets really busy on weekends and during Thanksgiving - Christmas, so maybe try to come on a weekday!I haven't returned to DiBruno since my last visit, but I received a message from the manager, who assured me that he spoke with the employee and hopes the situation won't happen again. Given the excellent customer service and my happiness with their store and products aside from this experience, I am happy to up my stars.DiBruno's in the Italian Market is great! It stands out among the other shoppes on the street for it's stellar service, knowledgeable staff, and fantastic selection.Delicious cheeses and more.  Lady behind the counter had me try some cheeses which I ended up getting, but they were damn expensive!  Should have asked the price before I said yes.  
Black lava cashews are quite delicious and pair nicely with the Lamuse Gouda ($29.99/lb!)We went to the italian market on Monday.  luckily DiBrunos was open may other stores were not.  Workers are very knowlegeable.  Told them what i wanted to use the cheese for they offered several samples and grated my cheese.I was wandering around and stumbled across Di Bruno's Bros and WOW. I am totally in love. What a great market/cheese shop with all of the high end accoutrements your heart could desire.
The call themselves a cheese shop but also have farm fresh produce, coffee bar and upstairs sandwich/pizza restaurant. 
Will be back for sure to scour the cheese selection. Picked up some watermelon for a quick snack - was just what I needed!DiBrunos is as good as it gets. I know they have other locations but I was excited to visit the Italian market location. Best cheese selection. Incredible sausages and salamis. I used the visit as an opportunity to buy food gift items. And frankly, I thought the prices were reasonable. Can't wait to get back.Great selection for lunch and convenience items. Kinda upscale if you ask me because there is nothing in there that is cheap. But the food is good and not your run of the mill offerings for lunch as well as desserts. They also have wifi. I work in he building so it's the go to spot when you need something. They even have beer and wine! Well that's my $.02. Cheers!Di Bruno's has a great selection of cheeses.  I remember going to the 9th Street location from the time I was young and buying their cheese spreads, which used to be sold right from the barrel they were made in.  That was before they made the "big time" with the Chestnut St. location. Now they think of themselves as "culinary pioneers".  Really, it's more like "price pioneers" since they are really outrageously priced for much of what they sell.  Here's an example:  I was in the store today and bought a tomato and mozzarella salad, and saw that they had peppadew peppers in the display case, which were $10.99 a pound.  That's $5 more a pound than what Wegman's sells the same peppers for!  They had arancini (rice balls) in the same case, selling for $8.99 a pound.  That's something a lot of Italian families make with leftovers, and even if you did make it, it's pretty cheap.  They sell Nutella for several dollars over retail.  They sell sushi!  My grandmother would roll in her grave if she knew!    The store seems to cater to non-Italians who think that because they pay a lot for something they are getting good quality.  Unless you are buying cheese, get in your car and go to a supermarket.  You won't be missing anything.  Mostly anything Di Bruno's sells you can get better and cheaper elsewhere.stop by at 8am and get a still hot Raspberry muffin. best thing i ever ate ........................just do it!!!!!!!!!!This place just happened to be on my walk back to my hotel. What a find!! It was chock full of wonderful surprises and I went back every day for fresh bread, cheese and fruit. Friendly service and Stephanie at check-out greeted me by name. Put this lil gem on your list of must-see in Philly.This is probably the second best DiBruno Bros. location, the first being the Italian Market. They have made-to-order sandwiches as well as a wide range of prepared foods. This is the only other location (actually anywhere in the city) that will slice cheese for sandwiches. We've all heard the "fancy cheese crumbles" excuse (I have at MeltKraft in Reading Terminal), but they slice it here! I usually get the Auricchio Stravecchio Provolone (the best cheese in the universe), which doesn't crumble, but even if I get one that crumbles, they're still nice enough to slice me crumbly cheese! (that's even better for sandwiches than a block of cheese). 
The new bottle shop, though smaller than I imagined, is pretty cool. They have around 40 (I didn't count exactly) varieties you can get individual bottles of, and maybe 20 you can get packs of. There's a little seating area for you to drink. They have a few beers (and a couple wines) on draft, too.Specialty cheese shop..  They make you try everything before you commit to buy which is nice. They have cheese from quite a few places around the world. A bit on the pricey side but it's what is expected of such great cheese. You need a great cheese shop In the Italian market!Opp's Almost reviewed the wrong place.  Didn't know they had one in the Comcast Center.  (Will review the Rittenhouse Sq. location in another review) 
The Italian Market has long been a favorite place to visit in Phila and Di Bruno Bros. is a must stop and spend way too much money on way too much cheese and meats.  Must be like and addiction, this place and the food.  If you can't find the cheese or cured meat here it just is not available.
Samples, Wow.  Just ask to try something and the guy behind the counter will hand you a small lunch.  It's intimidating to someone who only shops in supermarkets. 
Reasonably priced on the higher end, but well worth the trip.
The City does have to do something to rejuvenate the Market area.  A lot of knock-off places and second hand places moving in.  Specialty food  shops are disappearing.Love DiBruno Brothers.  If you are looking for knowledgeable staff on what cheese will go good with your wine selection for the evening, they are your cheese mongers to go to!  My husband and I also used them to choose which olives we wanted at our wedding.  The staff didn't mind at all that we were going to each olive barrel and tasting each kind of olive and carefully writing down the name.  They even recommended some cheese to go with it!  If you are one of those who is overwhelmed when too many option present themselves, as I tend to be at times, you definitely want these guys to lead you through it.  Plus, it's all so yummy!  
Careful though!  You could totally break the bank there!  (but with delicious results!)Love this store, always seems to have samples and even though it's smaller than the other chestnut location, It still carries a good amount of products.Every Di Bruno Bros location is consistently awesome - lots of great food (especially cheese), and helpful, knowledgeable staff to point you in the right direction. 
The Di Bruno's at 9th and Sansom is great because they are holding a lot of special tasting events, and it seems that they decided on the layout with this in mind. It's spacious and open, which means they can more easily accommodate the crowds that a Di Bruno tasting is sure to draw. Fancy grilled cheese, beef jerky, and melt-in-your-mouth brownies were just a few of the tasty treats that were available at the last tasting, and they usually have some alcohol vendors in attendance as well. Keep an eye on their Twitter so you'll be ready for the next event!Ahh. So So. Some folks that work there are real nice and others have looks on their faces like witnessed a train crash (blank and wonder). Foods ok but you could probably just go the original and get a better deal. Prepared food is good. Coffee bar is a new form of torture that should be looked into by the UN. They are simply brutal. The prices are on the higher end.The shop smells wonderful, and the staff are helpful and will give you FREE SAMPLES of ANY CHEESE. The only downside, the prices of the cheeses will empty your wallet.These cheese mongers will guide you through tasting until you have found the perfect, probably expensive, but justifiable based on how delicious it is, cheese. Make sure you grab some of the bread. To avoid spending $30 for a wedge I recommend asking for $7 worth instead of pointing to a wedge size.I came to the shop looking for a specific expresso cheese that is out of this world and tastes like beef. Bruno Bros doesn't carry it..sadly. But the friendly deli server had a recommendation...all thought it was late in the afternoon, she seemed pleasent and helpful. So I went with the flow and followed her lead. Let me say, they sell a vast amount of cheeses. Unless your a regular and know your normal selection, you'll need a helpful hand to hunt down your delicatable desires. The deli server will shave you tastes of each cheese they sell till you find what you like and can afford. Some cheeses can be very pricey, so choose wisely and enjoy. After about a half hour I walked away with $70.00 of goodness. I will be back again.Absolutely love the DiBruno's Bottle Shop! Staff is helpful and friendly and passionate about what they do, beer selection is fantastic, draft beer and wine by the glass and snacks for happy hour and great coffee and cheese - what more could you want? Culture Club (beer/wine and cheese pairing class) is so much fun!This place is endlessly impressive, from the cured meats hanging from the ceiling, to the vast selection of cheeses, to the strong knowledge boasted by the staff. I've never really known what I'm going to come out with when I walk through the door, and I don't think I've ever purchased the same item twice, just because there are so many more things to try before getting hung up on one or two of these delicious and hard-to-find items.
My last trip cost $91 - we left with three very different blocks of cheese, some rare unpasteurized cured meat, some giant artichoke hearts, a bottle of truffle oil, and a container of saffron. Worth every penny.We spent a nice Friday afternoon in Di Bruno Brothers.  I loved being there when it isn't crowded.  The employees were extremely nice allowing me and my daughter to sample various cheeses and meats.  A nice way to try cheese that you might otherwise never get to eat.  We visit this cheese shop every time we are in South Philly.  Nice hometown experience with very knowledgeable staff.I have enjoyed stopping in here during recent trips to Center City for other business.   Had good cappuccino and morning sandwich and opportunity to sample goodies from the cheese counter.   
Staff is friendly and helpful, especially during off-peak hours.Can you say laurels? As in resting on them. 
The have fantastic cheeses and related products (4.5-5 stars), and have for years, so I think they sometimes coast on that. The coffee here and at Rittenhouse is subpar and the service at this Brother is often lacking: There can be three people behind the coffee counter and only one person will be making coffee... slowly and with one hand.  Pre-made food can be hit-or-miss, but it's always pricey. Example? $8 for a spinach salad with dried-out prosciutto.
Love the original, love the family business concept, want to love all locations, but...Used to love buying cheeses here. However the expansion wasn't as succesful. It took some of the old charm and hustle and bustle away. Used to have this really cool air about it where one would stand in the little shop discuss cheeses and sausages and soon the entire shop was laughing.
Now it is a rush hour lunch joint where people literally are fighting and bickering to get their sandwiches faster than anyone else.
Went upstairs and the cafeteria style seating there was like going into the cafe section of any supermarket eg. Shoprite or Wegmans.
Pricy for what one gets.
Definitely think the best deals are if you still use it as a cheese market, but unfortunately the charm is gone.Everything sold here is of the highest quality. Love everything that I've ever gotten here. There's a reason it's been around for so long.Whenever I think of Di Bruno's I'm tempted to pack it all up and move back to Philly.  In my dreams I set up a tent in the alley by their shop and sign over every paycheck so that I can be blessed with maximum in-take of amazing Di Bruno goodness!!!!!!!!!!!!Excellent specialty cheese and meat store that is a bit cramped inside but it gives it a New York deli style ambiance. Friendly staff and outrageous selection including certain items like Jamon Iberico, which are simply very hard to find. When we are in Philly, this is usually on the itinerary just to grab a little bit of Jamon Iberico and chow down on it on the street like the heathens that we are.This is the best place in the city for cheeses and Italian specialties.  They encourage you to taste everything, so you get to learn all about cheese while you are shopping.  It's always busy and crowded, but that's because it's the best!I am so embarassed to admit that I live two blocks from this store and this is only the second time we have visited. AWFUL! We were there for a private event last night and had the run of the store. Our two cheese mongers (I am blanking on their names) were completely down to earth and well-educated, without being stuffy. We were allowed to try anything we wanted, as long as it didn't have to be cooked (no pasta). I sampled a lot of antipasti, cheese and delicious crackers. My husband and I are visiting my cousin this weekend, so we took advantage of our private event and took our time putting a basket together for her. The prices are completely reasonable and also allow for you to try that white truffle oil that may seem a bit out of reach. I promise, Gods of the Italian Market, I will not wait two years to make it back.It's Thursday. You're itching for a drink, but you're also kind of hungry because that sad salad you ate by your desk might as well have been last week. You want to go out but you also feel like you should be "saving" because you accidentally went on a shopping spree yesterday and feel like you should be "responsible."
DiBrunos has the answer. IT'S CHEESE HAPPY HOUR! And it's glorious. $0 gets you: cheese, random cured meats (spicy pepperoni, anyone?), various assorted other snacks, friendly knowledgeable cheese mongers and charcuterie people (although with these servers they should start calling it the charCUTErie counter amirite?), and heavy handed beer reps that won't judge you for wanting to try another sample... Of the same beer. (This week was Victory beer, but offerings vary).
PRO TIP: I know you're here for the free stuff, but if you spend some amount, there might be more free stuff! We bought some pepperoni and were rewarded with a delicious bottle of raspberry vinegar that goes for $15 a bottle.
You know where to find me on Thursdays from 5 to 7. I'll be the one trying to beat this week's record of how many pieces of cheese I can skewer on one toothpick.Echoing some of the reviews below, Service from some of the staff could be better (much friendlier/more helpful) but otherwise another winning location.Still the best cheese shop in Philadelphia!  This is THE original DiBruno's with the wonderful samples, cheese connoisseurs, and plethora of Italian treats like pizelles and Nutella.  The only downside is that it is very very easy to spend a fortune here because, if you are like me, you will want to buy everything you sample, and that lovely Montgomery Cheddar does not come cheap at $34.99/lb.  But no fears my fellow cheese lovers!  The smoked mozzarella is still $9.99/lb and it is literally heavenly.  Love love love!I love a trip to Di Bruno Brothers! Everyone is so knowledgeable on their products, and I love sampling their cheeses. They will take you on a cheese journey across the world with so many different flavors to discover. You usually will start off with a soft cheese then progress to a hard cheeses and finish with a blue. They can also help you pair your cheese selections with a company in honeys or marmalades. This is the original DiBruno brothers, which is a little on the smaller side but the charm in the Italian market is just wonderful!I have been coming to Di Bruno Bros for the last year and after my experience today I MUST write a review. I have been calorie counting so I have been avoiding my favorite place in the Italian Market. I went in yesterday and was going to settle for whatever  I could find packaged with nutritional information. They were SO helpful and offered to look up the calorie counts for me on the cheeses! I love coming here! The service is always excellent and they really do love what they do!Oh, so you haven't been to the food emporium?
What are you waiting for?  Put on your fancy shoes and host an hors devours party for your friends with findings from this gourmet grocer. 
With a knowledgeable staff and every meat and cheese under the sun, one could easily spend hours in Di Bruno Bros. meandering the aisles and getting lost in a foodie's dream world.  
You'll certainly be the belle of the ball if you show up to your next party with a basket full of goodies from here, even though your wallet will be feeling substantially thinner as you exit.Cheese paradise! Don't be intimidated, I've seen so many people walk in and freeze like a deer in headlights and walk back out. The cheese mongers are more than willing to help and dish out samples not only willingly but even unwarranted....and always with a smile. Their knowledge of cheese is extensive and they're quick to educate. Nice selection of cured meats as well and some up scale groceries. And outside is the Italian market which has many other things to offer."Cheese has been around for about 3000 years. The refrigerator was invented in 1901...you can take the cheese with you."
Dibruno's is the real deal.  They have the best of the best...what else is there to say? The inventory is insane, the staff is on an entirely different level of knowledgable, and it smells as good as it sounds.
I would write more, but it's almost one of those things that one needs to experience for one's self. Just go...make a date of it!! Try something you haven't tried, and bring some awesome home for later. 
F.U. can offer no higher praises.Some people love Disney World.  DiBruno Brothers is my Disney.  Cheese n crackers!!!What is there to say that hasn't already been said about Di Bruno Bros.?  It's very good, and somewhat expensive.  You get treated very well here, regardless of who you have as your monger.  They are all very knowledgeable and let you try a ton of cheeses before you buy any.  I've been in here on numerous occasions for various reasons including cheese for a beer pairing, going to wineries, making fondue, and many others!  
The reason I didn't make it a 5-star review is because sometimes I feel like I'm being upsold, by a lot.  I asked once for duck prosciutto, which is around $30/lb, but I only get 8-10 thin pieces, which is roughly $3.  They were out of it and he suggested a dry-aged beef instead (I forget the actual name), which he let me try.  I should have asked for the price before buying it, but I guess I expected that he would give me something within the same price range.  Later I realized it was $70/lb and what he gave me cost $16.  I wasn't too happy about that, but I'll take a little blame for not asking the price. 
All-in-all, this place is quality and I recommend it to everyone.I love Dibrunos. I tried their cheese and bread in the past but it was my first time actually going to the store. I went on a saturday afternoon and the place was PACKED! but despite how many people were there, I felt the all staff were great at handling the clientele. They let you try a bunch of different cheeses, and prosecciuto and I love that because I like to know how something taste before buying it. At first, i only wanted to buy bread.. well I ended up buying bread, cheese, royale mousse and grape leaves. everything was just delicious. The prices are more on the "high" side but I am definitely willing to pay a little more for quality (Come on I am French.. i need my cheese fix once in a while!)Great service. Fantastic cheese selection! Beautiful store. If your in the Italian Market, definitely worth a stop!This review is for the smaller Di Bruno Brothers located in the Italian market.
If you're not familiar, Di Bruno Bros has an excellent selection of cheese, cured and dried meats, olives, and specialty Italian goods. They want you to leave happy- the guys here are super friendly, make excellent recommendations and are happy to let you sample cheeses.
If you know the other shop, this is similar but much smaller!Cheese, glorious cheese!
Asiago and ricotta!
While we're in the mood:
Taleggio and motta!
Please rasco and fontina!
Cheese, glorious cheese!
Always willing to try it.
Three kilos a day.
My favorite diet!
Just picture a great salami --
Tied, hanging, what treats!
Oh, meats,
Wonderful meats,
Marvelous meats,
Glorious meats.
Meats, glorious meats!
What is there more handsome?
Gulped, swallowed, or chewed;
Still worth a king's ransom.
What is it we dream about?
What brings on a sigh?
Piled proscuitto and speck, 
About six feet high!
Noods, glorious noods!
Eat right through the venue.
Just loosen your belt
Two inches and then you
Work up a new appetite
In this interlude.
The ziti,
Once again, penne
Fabulous gnocchi,
Glorious noods.
Olives, glorious olives!
Don't care what they look like --
Gaeta!
Lugano!
Kalamata!
Don't care what they cook like.
Just thinking of growing fat,
My senses go reeling.
One moment of knowing that
Full-olive feeling!
Oil, glorious oil!
What wouldn't I give for
That extra virgin pour,
That's all that I live for.
Oh, food,
Magical food,
Di Bruno food,
Marvelous food,
Fabulous food,
Italian food,
Glorious food.
Plot summary: Di Bruno Brothers made me feel like Oliver and company, only I was allowed to have some more, and some more, and as much as I wanted.  Picked up a luxuriously soft ball of fresh mozzarella and some Riker's Landjaeger -- "beef jerky" sausage -- for husband because it supposedly goes great with beer.  Who could argue?  Prices may be more than you'd pay at your boring chain grocery, but supporting independent grocers makes me happy.  Everything in this store is impeccable from the peppadew to the parmesan; they let you sample *any* of their hundreds of olive oils; the service is super friendly.  
And since cheese and antipasti are two of my most beloved food groups, I've found my Mecca.  Please, sir?  May I have some more?I don't know what else I really want out of a cheese shop. Great cheese, great service where the cheesemongers (that's the most accurate term right?) are actually super helpful, good meats. Really the toughest thing is not buying too much since they'll keep giving you samples and you'll keep being like "damn, i should just get that too"
They also have this dastardly strategy of taking things that you're holding and putting them behind the counter for you until you're ready. I think this keep you from changing your mind. Clever.Turbo Food-Nerd Resume
Objective: to consume the universe and then lecture you on it
Education: Master of Obscure Cheese Knowledge, gleaned from Original DiBruno Bros. 9th St. location
Job Experience: Not rolling eyes at greenhorns who don't get how the line works; offering excited custies slices of stinky fromage from the blade of my comically oversized cheese knife;  coming up with irreverent metaphors for the edification of the dull of palate.
Skills of Interest:  I know what you want before you want it.I've been lucky that most times I have been here that I have had Alfonso as our cheese man. He is so knowledgeable about not only the cheese options but also the perfect ways to pair them. Today he had us sample a match goat Gouda with a pistachio cream spread and topped it with crushed cinnamon crusted almonds. Every employee has been catering to or particular flavor profiles and our budget. Not only does this location have your typical top notch unique meats and cheeses but the service is impeccable. Most DiBrunos would get a 4 for their quality but the service at this location makes it a 5.Great cheese store with a amazing variety and sampling opportunity in-store. Superb selection of meats, pasta, oil, olives and whatever you need to whip up a great Italian meal. The friendliness and great vibe within makes this a destination to be at if you are in the Bella Vista area.I would drive 7 hours from Boston just to have Adam select cheese for me. Hell I would even do it in rush hour through New York City just knowing that some of rarest cheeses are waiting for me, not to mention a zillion olives. 
And to think that I ALMOST went to the one in city center (or center city, whatever) because it was closer to my hotel! Today was a fairly quiet Thursday and Adam indulged me and my friend and gave us some of his favorites. I had to get on a plane and just couldn't torture my neighbors with the stinky goodness that taunted me all the way home. As soon as I walked through the door I poured a glass a wine and am currently enjoying two of his selections. 
If you visit, Philly, visit Adam at the italian market Di Bruno Bros. And then ask him where to get a good sandwich and go there right away. (A Paesano at Paesano's might be a hint).OMG so much good cheese it's overwhelming. They have these intriguing beer & cheese tastings and it is just amazing. I tried it at a Yelp! event and we just kept going back for more.I love DiBruno brothers. I love the cheese section and the service is top notch. They are very helpful and friendly. I also love the prices - even though they're selling top notch goods, they're reasonably priced, which I appreciate. I got some great cheese and La Colombe last week. I'll be back!Unfortunately got skipped on the chicken in my chicken sandwich.  I think they need to take more time in putting together a sandwich if they are going to charge 10 for it.It's with a heavy heart that I have to give DiBruno Brothers 2 stars. Their prices have gotten absolutely insane, and the new location on Chestnut street has hit or miss service at best.  
I started going to DiBruno's Rittenhouse location years ago whenever I visited Philly. I grew up going to Italian stores and bakeries so it always felt like a bit of home. The selection was excellent, the staff was knowledgeable and the prices were reasonable.
Fast forward to 2015, and DiBruno Brothers seems to be floundering under the weight of it's expansions. Prices on the staples of the store (meat, cheese, bread, pasteries) have skyrocketed to the point where Whole Foods now seems like an economical alternative. 
Here are a few examples:
-Fratelli Beretta sweet coppa can be found for about $12.50 a pound in the real world. 
Yet it's $21 a pound at DiBruno Brothers.
-A single croissant is $3.99. The sign says "baked locally in Manyunk." A croissant that sat in a truck on 76 for an hour being marinated in exhaust isn't exactly local, and it sure ain't fresh. If you're going to charge 4 bucks a pop at least bake them on premises.  
-A baguette is $3.99 (they must like that number). Even wildly overpriced La Colombe only charges $3, and Whole Foods, which actually bakes its bread on-premises, is even less. 
Service at the Chestnut Street location is also pretty weird. Hispters, with or without mustaches, man the meat and cheese areas and provide unasked for, unwanted and generally unenlightened opinions on everything in an annoying theater-nerd sort of way. 
Other times they totally ignore you, which at least allows you to shop without being verbally assaulted by an unending stream of inanity, but makes it hard to get anything from the meat counter. 
Too bad.Loved this place the minute we walked in! Friendly, generous, patient (when you don't exactly know what you want as it is all so overwhelming!). Awesome choices of cheeses, meats, olive oils - everything Italian baby! Glad we were able to experience this location as it is the original on our 1st trip to Philadelphia from Arizona. Nothing like this out west!I bit overpriced and expensive but the staff is very nice and helpful.  We got some delicious gruyere cheese.  Definitely some interesting cheeses from which to choose.
Some other reviews were raving about the Black Lava Cashews but I thought they were #3 behind #1 Cinnful Cocoa Pecans and #2 Chocolate Cocoa Almonds.I attended an event after hours at Di Bruno Brothers and it was awesome. There were only about 15 of us and it was just the right amount. Rocco and Dana were in charge our night and they both are amazing! Great personalities, knowledgeable and just cool people to enjoy an evening with. We were able to try tons of cheeses that they would pair as an appetizer or with a jam, etc. They told us what wine or beer goes best with it too while we drank of course. We could purchase whatever we wanted in the store but the Mike's Hot Honey is my favorite. I would definitely do an event like this again there!Oh, I have a brilliant business plan.  Open a store, call everything "gourmet" and "imported" and "extra special" and charge 3-4x more than fair market value...
It's not that DiBB sells bad stuff -- most of it is great, but can be found at authentic Italian stores for much much less.  It's really preposterous.  
And for being such a high end place, why did I get home today with my "fresh" soup and see a two-day old expiration date?  You mean to say that no one has checked the soup shelf for two days?
Boycott this place.  And maybe they will lower their prices.It's 10AM on a beautiful spring morning. A piping hot fresh cup of La Colombe coffee sipped at one of DiBruno's sidewalk tables is one of life's happy moments. So much better than Starbucks.Excellent Italian specialities and service too. But the best thing is they play The Beatles music!!!...lolOh, so much beautiful cheese! It's overwhelming. This was one "must do" stop during the Italian Market Festival and I will definitely be back when it is less busy and I can take my time thinking through what I want.  
The cheese mongers behind the counter were clearly well versed in the selections offered and were more than willing to be patient as I tried to figured out where to start. In spite of the crowds, I wasn't rushed to make a selection. There are a ton of other cheese-related accoutrements available to round out your binge eating... I mean, cheese tasting. 
Grabbed a bit of the best blue I've ever tasted and some crostini to go with it and got out of there before I devoured everything in the store.Oh my goodness. Food porn galore. Beautiful rounds of exotic cheeses. Phallic-looking big, juicy sausages hanging from the wall.  Varieties of unusual dried pastas, ready to cook.
If you have that look of wild-eyed desire without a clue of where to even start, start up a conversation with one of the friendly guys behind the counter. Next thing you'll know, he'll be offering you slivers of cheeses that will send shivers down your spine. And then he'll recommend some kind of nut you've never heard of that he'll pour into your open palm, waxing poetic about its source. And you'll quietly moan with pleasure.
And then you'll walk out the door having spent money you didn't intend on spending but OH THAT CHEESE.It's DiBruno's, so of course it's fantastic. I really like the layout of the new location, because it seems to make it easy to get around and get what you need even when its crowded. The staff are just as friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable as at their other locations. Although they don't appear to have quite as extensive a selection at this location as the one on 16th, they still have plenty to catch the eye and make the mouth water. 
If you need to put together a gift basket for someone (mine was a thank you, but any gift-basket-requiring occasion will do) DiBruno Bros is really perfect, especially this location because of how the products are arranged. Delicious meat, cheese, flat bread, and chocolate are all within a few feet of one another, and come together perfectly to give that deserving someone in your life.I love Di Bruno's. They have the best cured meats, I especially love the black-label prosciutto that is exquisite. They also have great Spanish chorizos (imported as well as home-made) that you really can't get anywhere else. The staff at Di Bruno's is extremely professional and patient. They never pressure you to buy anything or to hurry up despite the long lines and they let you taste everything. 
The reason why I give them a three star, though, is because they overprice certain things. I find it's unethical of them to charge significantly more for the same tomato puree or pasta that is sold next door or elsewhere. Same brand, same size!good stuff, but the place is too small. It's shocking that they haven't expanded with the amount of people that go in there.The most overwhelming 30 square feet in Philadelphia right in the middle of the most overwhelming street in Philadelphia. Di Bruno Bros. is an institution of the South Philly Italian Market. I came down here recently on a Saturday, warm enough to roam while still layered up to block out the late winter winds. Anthony's and Sarcone's were some highlights, but nothing compared to the splendor of Di Bruno Bros. 
Look for the stamp. It's there. This is the real deal. The PDO and the PGI are stamped on all the cheeses, the oils, the imports. They'll walk you through every cheeses flavor and aroma. They'll slice you off a piece with an absurdly oversized knife, which nevertheless serves to add to the authenticity of the place. Turn around and you'll see baskets of fresh bread, top-shelf balsamic (Italians feel about this like Kentuckians feel about their top-shelf bourbon). It's an art, a science, a passion.
And that's what Di Bruno Bros. is all about. Passion. These guys are passionate to the point of madness about this stuff. But the mad ones are the sane ones when it comes to the gourmet food market. But the more time you spend here, the more they start to make sense. The smokiness of their gouda, or the sharpness of their pecorino, the thin-sliced prosciutto: you'll never want to leave.When I think of an Italian market, this is what I think of. A huge variety of meats and cheeses, and a wall of products I haven't seen since my study-abroad days. Even though I've only been here on Sunday mornings when they're really busy, service has always been fast and cheerful. The people behind the counter are always friendly and very helpful. They're also very accommodating when they hear I'm getting cheese lessons, and give me samples and explain what I'm tasting and what the difference is between cheese of one age and another. They can also recommend some really unique and delicious pairings, so my advice is never be shy to ask questions here!whenever i walk into dibruno's, i am immediately assaulted by a million and one scents, co-mingling in harmony. generally, it not only serves to make me extremely hungry, but also loosens my purse strings without hesitation.
in fact, right now there are olives, some extra sharp provolone and a half-devoured ball of smoked mozzarella occupying space in my fridge. not for long, mind you, but they are there.Stopped in today for the cheese crawl and the place was packed, but had a great time shopping and tasting all the goodies that were being given out for samples.  They had a great selection all around, a bit pricy, but you get what you pay for.  In my opinion, definitely worth every penny.It's Great if you don't mind a mouse infestation. The same mouse ran by me 3 times yesterday morning. I told the staff but they did not seem surprised. Apparently the "exterminator was just in and may have disrupted things".  Not acceptable for an establishment that has prepared food and cheese samples sitting out. I won't be back!I always find myself in the Italian market area because of its history and food. DiBruno's is a great experience all around. The staff is so helpful and knowledgable! They give samples of cheese and help you select the perfect one. The meats are amazing as well. It's a very special place. It embodies the Italian market! A must see!!Amazing place with great specialty foods and service. I was lucky enough to get a tour a couple of weeks ago. A great experience.I have been going to Di Bruno's for over 50 years.  I hadn't been there in about a year having moved away.  Too many of the specialty items were shrink wrapped mass-produced stuff that was missing the flavor and texture of their namesakes.  The young man who waited on my husband and myself was just short of disparaging of our requests.  When we didn't care for the prosciutto that was offered, he offered classico and said "oh, you want salty".  NO, we wanted something with some flavor.  Unfortunately it was sliced so thin that it was mushy and tasteless anyway.  There was also a lot of fat around the outside, in the past the fat was trimmed to a more reasonable level.  I miss the barrels of marinated items, I guess that they are no longer allowed, but the items presented were not what we remembered. I didn't like that all of the common cheeses, the grande provalone and the parmesano reggiano were all wrapped in plastic rather than cut fresh.  The next time we drive over 3 hours for treats from the Italian market, we will be checking out the competition.My favorite cheese shop in the United States. I love the claustriphobic-like atmosphere, and the smell. Oh the smell. It falls somewhere between funky gym socks, and that unidentifiable object molding in the back of your fridge. Di Bruno's has it all when in comes to meats, and cheeses, vinegars and oils. You have to try the Delice du Pommard cheese. It is a soft spreadable cheese that is wrapped in mustard husks. Phenomenal!!! Service is wonderful, and the guys behind the counter know their stuff. Be aware though that this location is small, and there can be a line out the door. A++++I love cheese.......how can you not? They were ready for anything you wanted.....knowledgeable, friendly, fast-paced........did i mention delicious? the huge pieces of cheese hanging over your head like an anvil is kinda scary and silly........the italian market is so cool. They have a little bit of everything but you can definitely tell their specialty is CHEESE. Olive oil section is sick.What an amazing shop!! I love all the cheese and the fact that they give samples of cheese. They have an overwhelming amount and a great selection, any kind of cheese you want ... you can get it here! Nicely priced as well. 
They also have a huge selection of olives, beans, tomatoes ... you name it! We got the giant white beans that were in EVOO with some other spices. Let's just say we should have got the next size up container!! They were so delicious. 
This shop also offers everything else you might need if you hosting an Italian dinner. If you're a cheese lover and you haven't been to DiBruno's yet ... I'm not sure what you're waiting for!The one female Barista there was rude. This is not the first i've been to this location and everyone else there is really nice and helpful. I got a Matcha Latte and I just wanted more milk added to the drink (they use almond milk for their Matcha Latte), she told me the taste would be different, which i told her I'm fine with that (there is hardly any Matcha taste to it anyway, other places make it better), but she was visibly not happy with my request (shaking her head, sighing and rolling her eyes). I am not sure what her problem is but that is just really rude.I am completely obsessed with this Italian place! It's def a "foodie's" heaven! Originally, only reason I stopped by was bc this was the only place they sold white truffle honey and I needed some to pair with manchego cheese (which if you have not tried you absolutely MUST it will change your life.) but ended up buying a ton of other stuff for a dinner party. So, if you want to do some grocery shopping of any sort or if you want to prepare a nice dinner party in Philly, this is the place to go. It's sort of like a one stop shop for everything. They have a deli where you can get fresh cold cuts of any kind. They also have a place where you can grab food, sit and eat there. They have a ton of desserts to choose from as well as cheeses and wines. My words cannot describe the way this place is set up only pictures can do it justice. If you're ever in the Philly area please stop by Di Bruno Bros you won't regret it.This is my neighborhood DBB and I adore them. The food is always fresh and great. The cheese selection is incredible and the cheese mongers are so knowledgeable and helpful. All the staff is attentive and we are always happy when we get home with our goodies. Love this place!I'm changing my review a little due to being grumpy when I filed my last review. This is a goodspot but the coffee bar does need to pick it up a little. The cheese guys are the tops.I love DiBruno Brothers! The sandwiches are just outstanding. I wish there were more seating, but when it comes to food, they've aced it! Also the products they offer for sale are outstanding! Even better are the variety of hand cut artisanal cheeses! The deli section is also amazing and their ready made foods are delicious! The meatballs stuffed with mozzarella are high on my list! Take your time, wander around! It's a feast for the eyes, the nose, the belly and the soul!The new bottle shop is amazing!  Great selection of beers to take out or drink there.  Jeff and the rest of the staff are both knowledgeable and friendly.  They are amazing at pairing cheeses and meats with the beers.  Happy hour prices for the 4 on tap selections are easy on the budget.This little outpost of DiBruno Bros in The Franklin hotel/apartment building provides almost all of the gourmet goodness of the Rittenhouse Square spot in a much smaller package.  
The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  The coffee is MUCH better than what you can get in the coffee shop located in the same building.  They have an impressive selection of prepared hot foods from which I was able to resolve a recent quiche emergency, and also have a good supply of fresh and pantry higher-end groceries.  As expected for a high-end food market, they are expensive.
I am torn between wishing this location had been open when I still lived in the apartment building and feeling relieved that they were not.  I would have eaten fewer French bread pizzas, but I probably would have had no money.Great spot to meet for lunch...love the 3 Cheese Gilled Cheese that comes with tomato soup to dip in!  Also love all the free samplesAlways great food. This is my go to place for lunch. Great service too. Especially loved the avocado veggie wrap and daily soup options.GREAT Service, Food, Wine - 
I called from Austin today to send my father a Birthday Present Gift Basket, Vince was beyond helpful...they accommodated a quick turn around and hand delivered a delicious Italian meat tray with an amazing Siryah wine to the Franklin Hotel in a matter of 2 hours - Vince was so helpful, emailed me a receipt and confirmed delivery. 
Exceptional service food and wine !!!Di Bruno Brothers is a foodie's gourmet heaven for the food obsessed.  If you appreciate quality food, you will adore this store. There is a cheese cave with a huge assortment of international cheeses and delicious cheese spreads. The cheese mongers are very knowledgable. Di Bruno Brothers offers a beautiful charcuterie department, fresh meat and seafood departments, and hard-to-find speciality items from around the world. I love both the flagship store at Rittenhouse Square and the original location at the Italian Market.  During the holidays they offer fabulous gift collections both on-line and in the stores which is also nice for corporate gift giving. They also offer "monthly clubs." This store is favoloso!  www.dibruno.com @dibrunobros #dibrunobrosThis is a much small location, but it will never forsake you in delicious cheese. 
Extremely friendly staff who always patiently take their time to help me find the distinct cheese I'm craving- sometimes I forget the name I'm looking for (Can you blame me? They're a mouthful to say and there's only like hundreds to choose from! Props to the staff for their expertise in this area!). 
Love the suggestions the staff give in what cheese they think I'd enjoy, accompanied with a slice to test- it almost becomes a cheese tasting festivity! I never walk away without a freshly cut new block in my hand. This is the hub for cheese lovers.  
Also, avoid squeezing past people and long lines at this location. It just perfect, not too crowded yet lively enough where you can enjoy yourself and interact with staff workers.This location is fairly new & huge.  Was surprised to see the large selection & different prepared foods they carry.I love cheese, though hardly consider myself an expert in the matter. That's part of what really drew me into this classic philadelphia destination. We were given 1st class revive by one of the managers at the tasting counter. He readily explained the types of cheeses, how they are made, even why they are made the way they are. He could easily give a multi-day seminar on the topic-- and I would definitely attend! I was happily surprised that he readily allowed us to sample event he more expensive cheeses they had on hand. I think one I tried was about $50/lb. 
Can't wait to try this place again!!Store was nice but the attitude of the coffee breakfast bar was awful. I ordered a breakfast sandwich which was the only one they offered but I didn't know it had a sweet bacon jam on the egg which did not taste good to me. When I brought it back and said I didn't like it the clerk copped an attitude with me and rolled his eyes and was really obnoxious . I asked if he could please make a new sandwich and he told me no way and got really nasty. I told him he had a bad attitude and I ordered a bagel and cream cheese in its place and was not offered any compensation . I went to the manager who was nice and apologetic and offered a breakfast upstairs at a later time but a calm relaxed Sunday breakfast was ruined by a clerk with a strange sense of self importance and no customer service training.  You serve coffee and bagels .. be niceA must stop when you are in Philly. Product is amazing and staff is professional and knowledgeable. Of you are a cheese and charcuterie fan, wine, beer, or a smoothy they are on point.Meat - Cheese - Pastry - Wine and Beer Bar. Um need I say more!!! They are a one stop specialty shop. You can grab everything you need (at a premium) for an amazing brunch, charcuterie and fill a growler. 
If you are familiar with the Italian market then the reputation of Dibruno Brothers is already entrenched in your mind. The cheese and meat mongers know their stuff and they welcome you to try their wares. I like that you can sample and pick your favorites accordingly. 
This is a great spot for lunch or coffee and since I live nearby I'm here often. 
I would have given 5 stars but I found there to be inconsistencies in quality between the cafe and the rest of the departments. Maybe it was an off day but I don't think dry is what they aim for.Great selection for lunch and convenience items. Kinda upscale if you ask me because there is nothing in there that is cheap. But the food is good and not your run of the mill offerings for lunch as well as desserts. They also have wifi. I work in he building so it's the go to spot when you need something. They even have beer! Well that's my $.02. Cheers!Coming in with a solid 4 stars!  I work directly across the street at 833 Chestnut, and this Market East area was in DESPERATE NEED of something fab!  Very happy that DiBruno bros. traveled East to save us all from the sad / drab lunches that we've become accustomed to. 
I've been walking by each day and noticing as they made progress on the interior.  From an aesthetic standpoint, the store is open, clean & airy - and didn't feel tight and claustrophobic despite the good # of customers that they had on their official opening day.  
I opted for a chicken marsala and broccoli rabe plate - pretty good, not sure either dish was worthy of writing home about or describing in ridiculous detail on yelp.  I will say, that I love spicy, but the broccoli rabe had an awkward spice level, almost as if the bottle of crushed peppers accidentally fell in the bowl, and they figured - "we can make this work."  
I also grabbed a bag of the black olive crositine (which I love, love, love) and a 1/4 pound of the chopped chicken liver (yes, i know - but I'm preggo, and what looks like cat food to most ... looks absolutely heavenly to me!).  I also tried a new juice (Red Jacket) rasberry flavored apple juice, which was delish - althought a tad pricey at more than $3 for an elementary sized bottle ... tasty, tasty, tasty!  Which at the price per bottle - I might be in a bit of trouble.
Right across the street, will definitely be back and will update if necessary!I just like di Bruno's. Is it a regular in my food shopping? No. Honestly, as someone who's very health conscious I think they're lacking some serious options. But I just like it here. 
The staff are ALWAYS friendly from the cheese guys to the check out. People truly seem happy here. Speaking of cheese, if you want to treat yourself to the finest or even make up a cheese plate for an event you won't find better. 
I'll continue to stop on here.Thought I would give this place a try....the cheeses are amazingly delicious. Also the staff is the friendliest and nicest people you will ever encounter. I heard about this place two weeks ago I have been back here 3 times!!! Try the truffle tartufo cheese!AJ who works at this location is PHENOMENAL. I come here frequently with a big appetite and no idea what to make for dinner. AJ is so enthusiastic - always excited to recommend creative, thoughtful meat & cheese parings. 
Tonight I was really struggling with what to order, so AJ offered to make me a sandwich......I just finished it and it was THE BEST sandwich I have EVER had, a true work of ART. 
AJ's sandwich is the reason God gave us tastebuds.
Go see the man (and the rest of the wonderful staff there as well).Lovely cafe with top quality foods for take out or eat in ( limited seating). Very clean nice location. I'd eat here again.I used to be a huge Di Bruno's fan but lately they just seem to rub me the wrong way. Stopped in last Saturday with my family for lunch. Our daughter had to use the bathroom and none of he people there (we asked many) to get us to one. This is just one example of how inconsiderate their people have become. They also just steer me to the house products an I don't get to try anything new which is what first drew me to Di Bruno's. Overall I think they have just sold out. I would try one of the numerous other options for better products and better (and more friendly) people. See ya Di Bruno's.This place makes the most awful sandwiches! We had a turkey BLT wrap & Italian Hoagie. The wrap was soggy, the turkey was thick & fatty, the bacon was all fat!  The meat in the Italian was all chewy fat!  $24 and both went into the trash!!! Disgraceful!!I love it here. I work in the area and I frequently stop in for a quick salad, soup, or sandwich, or I'll stop and grab a six pack or a rotisserie chicken before heading home after leaving the office. Everything is always fresh and delicious, and their selection is always awesome, so that has me coming back, but what really blows me away is their customer service. Everyone that works there is extremely knowledgable about their products and they are all  really helpful, but yesterday they really kicked it up a notch. I came in looking for a birthday cake and they had a gorgeous cookies and cream cake that said GO EAGLES! on it. But I needed a birthday cake, so the gentleman working in the bakery painstakingly removed the green GO EAGLES! and wrote Happy Birthday! instead. He even offered to pick off the football sprinkles that were on the top of the cake. Needless to say, my coworker loved the cake, and I will be a customer for life.This place is only one flaw away from 5 stars. 
I've been waiting for this DiBruno's to open for a long time, and it did not disappoint. The party they threw was fantastic, flowing with cheeses and meats and other vices. I've only been inside the Rittenhouse Square location once, and I usually take tourist friends to the 9th St location, but I already prefer this location to those two by far. I don't know if it's because I take tourists there and we look like a bunch of dopes, but the staff at 9th seem extremely pushy to me. They always bombard us with the indulgences they peddle, and it comes off as a bit much (albeit they are very friendly!). Here the staff are helpful when you request their help and are otherwise content to let you make your selections at your leisure.
As far as the selection goes, I couldn't be happier. I am seeing cheeses currently featured in restaurants (hello, hazen blue!), which instantly puts into perspective what a steal the prices are here. Their produce, though limited, look like the specimen featured on the counters of cooking shows. There's not a hint of anything not in its peak physical condition. The displays are great: methodical and well-lit. It's easy to find anything you want and even easier to walk away with more than you came in for...
So, the fatal flaw that cost them a star? While I was walking my dog after they have closed, I noticed that there were entire trash bags full of pre-made salads tossed out.  I know that they were probably expired or expiring that day, but it really seems like a terrible waste. I can't go a block in the city without being accosted by panhandlers, sometimes rather aggressively. I don't understand why they can't work something out with a local shelter or something to get these salads to those in need rather than piling them up in the trash. 
I know coming from CA, the Panera Bread locations there donate their baked goods to charity at the end of the day, I think some similar procedure would not be out of the question here. I would really like to see that happen! Honestly I hate it when people say "there are children starving in [enter different continent]" when they see other people not finishing food. I don't like that because it makes no sense-- finishing your food won't impact people starving oceans away. But when there are homeless people practically on their doorsteps, I think DiBruno's could do better than toss just expiring food in the dumpster.When visiting Philly, you must stop at this gourmet market/takeout of delicacies for a lunch, snack or dessert! I had lunch there , a scrumptious sub ( or Italian hoagie, as they call it), replete with sliced turkey, roasted red peppers , spinach leaves , provolone, mayo, oil & vinegar. The best part, however, was the crispy seeded Italian roll, firm on the outside and soft on inside. It truly was delicious, every bite! For dessert you have a choice of assorted cannolis or chocolate covered pretzels with toppings. It is a great respite between sightseeing of all the historical wonders.This review is solely regarding the Bottle Shop.  
While the Bottle Shop at DiBruno Brothers has a nice selection and wide variety, I was thoroughly disappointed. I brought in a growler and asked to have it filled. They did the "overflow" method - where the tap just keeps going to pour out any head. Well, it failed miserably and when I opened my growler at home, it was only 2/3 filled. Despite having some good beers on tap, I won't be getting any growlers filled here again.There is an amazing alcohol selection and the one girl (Jenn) was super sweet and helpful when helping me chose wine for Mother's Day. All of the employees are so kind and accommodating- thank you for making this a super positive experience!Grilled cheese sandwiches (or melts, whatever your prefer to call them) are my obsession, and I'm always on the hunt for some new twists on this classic comfort food. Enter Di Bruno Bros. In addition to having some great normal sandwiches and a variety of pastas, they have awesome grilled cheeses. My favorites: the Mac & Cheese Grilled Cheese and the Cheddar & Chutney Grilled Cheese.
Mac & Cheese Grilled Cheese: It's an intense carb load (who would've ever thought to put mac and cheese inside a sandwich?)  but not too overwhelming. Since every grilled cheese comes with a little container of tomato soup and a pasta salad, there's a nice balance to the heaviness of all of this cheese and starch. It's yummy, gooey, and super cheesy. 
Cheddar & Chutney: This is (in my opinion) the best thing here. Although you'd never thing that Cheddar would go well with sweet cranberry chutney, somehow they make it work. I love things that are both sweet and savory, and this sandwich really hits that on target. 
Some downsides: there's not much seating here if you want to eat in, and they are very slow at making sandwiches.This location might not have the most spacious of interiors, but the space is designed really well so that each section flows nicely into the next without feeling cluttered. All of your favorite DBB specialties are in this location (helloooo, meatballs) and there are new concoctions being rolled out constantly. The cheese counter is also enormous and well-stocked with very knowledgeable cheesemongers. That's worth a visit alone.
There are a ton of cool (and free) promotions going on at this location (such as the Summer Salute on Saturdays). My favorite is the 3 Cheese Thursday happy hour from 5-7. One cool brewery with 3-4 of their best beers, plus cheese pairings for each brew-- it can't get better than this (I went to the Victory and the Dogfish Head events). Sometimes there are even samples of the newest DBB food release (killer brownies and mac and cheese grilled cheese, for instance). If you post your pictures to IG or Twitter with the hashtag #3cheesethursdays, you can even get in the running for prizes.Great Classico cake which is chocolate cake with NY style cheesecake. They also carry Frangelli's amazing donuts. There's also local sweets too such as Shane candy. There's bread by Lost Bread Co. the foccaccia bread is very moist and chewy. Great selections of cheese. Sometimes they have samples too. Get pecan covered with cinnamon and chocolate. Very addictingYep everything is awesome. Sandwich, smoothie, service, selection. Flavorful everything. Too bad I couldn't sample the wine.CHEESE HEAVEN. 
So many delicious types of cheese in varying price ranges. Great for entertaining, holiday gifts, and snacking. Extra sharp provolone is everything I dream of. Amazing prepared foods like crab cakes (for pretending you're a five star chef when you host dinner parties). Di Bruno never fails me, and this location has a great layout, friendly staff, and far less crowded than the Rittenhouse location.OMG I love this place. Reminds me of Arthur Avenue in The Bronx. A wide selection of cheeses, meats, beers on tap, cans, bottles, wine, grab-and-Go meals, cookies, candies and of course pretzels 
They have all you need to whip up an incredible charcuterie platter. Wickedly goodOverpriced for what you get as far as packaged foods and the food itself is not quality. The last salad I bought was slimy and the chicken was overcooked, it was a waste of money. I have given it several tries thinking I had one bad experience but after the second time of spending 60 dollars for soup that was pretty much all broth and a soggy sandwich, it's just not worth it!I love this place. The bottle shop, the lunches to go, the fresh made sandwich specials, the friendly staff, the Stumptown coffee boxes, etc. 
So why not 5 stars? It drives me nuts that they charge more for the La Colombe draft lattes and pure black here. 
Otherwise, great lunch spot when you need something quick. Although the sandwiches can be $10+ they always come with pickles and a side like their amazing pasta salad so I inevitably get two meals out of it. 
Like their center city store, they also have a large selection of cheeses/meats.Just discovered this location yesterday before the walnut street theatre production i was seeing. I stopped and got Caffe Americano, browsed store, sampled cheese. Nice location to stop for lunch because it is close to Walnut Street Theatre and Jefferson Hospital. My five stars is on my coffee and cheese samples. This shop is so fun to browse at. Next show at Walnut is June, so i will come back for lunch ad well as coffee!!Let me tell you, there is only a couple of reasons I come back to Philadelphia, 
One of them is Di Bruno. 
You should try their brownies. Period.Last time I was there. Food was horrible.  Service was terrible.   I don't know how people have rated this so high. It's shocking.  They really need to step up their game.I may be a little biased to this location of DiBruno Bros.. mostly because I live a mere elevator ride away at the Franklin. I'm pretty sure any store that allows me to sample free cheese and bread (my two staple foods) on the way home has a special place in my heart. However, this place wins me over in so many other ways. The selection is pretty extensive.. specialty cheeses, meats, and an olive bar that are perfect for special occasions or just as a midweek treat, pre-packaged salads, pastas, and soups that make an easy meal, fresh bread, various marinades and dips, and a decent produce selection for when you forget that one onion or tomato you need to make dinner. I personally enjoy their breakfast sandwiches and their caprese sandwich at lunchtime. All of the employees are very helpful and friendly as well! The prices are what you would expect for a specialty grocery store.
Though this particular branch of DiBrunos is smaller than their Rittenhouse counterparts, I feel that the special events and deals they have at this one gives it a much more neighborhood-friendly, welcoming atmosphere. I love attending their free happy hours on Thursday from 5-7. I couldn't think of a better way to spend an evening after work, socializing while eating free cheese and meat and drinking free beer from a craft brewery! Employees are always walking around giving out coupons too, so there's even more incentive to buy some of the tasty morsels you get to try! During the summer, they hosted free events on Saturdays with even more free samples, alcohol, and live music! They also have various contests with giveaways.. I am pretty sure winning any kind of cheese would complete me as a person..
Anyway, now that I have professed my love for all things cheese, you should definitely check this place out next time you're in the area. You won't regret it!Make sure to check the expiration dates on things you buy here. I live around the corner from this location and my husband often stops by on his way home to pick up a few things for dinner. It is ridiculous to pay what they charge here and for things to be expired - which has happened to us at least three times in the past two months. It's a small store and I don't know what the prices are for if not for staff to at least check the expiration dates!Normally I wouldn't go out of my way to write a negative review, but this is now the 2nd straight time (separated by a few months) where I've come in and ordered a sandwich, and then sat there and watched while no one proceeded to take any steps towards actually making my sandwich. 
Today, I went up to order at the exact place it says to order at. A young lady took my order. Then, I went over to the register a minute later after picking a drink out, and went up to pay. A second young lady at the register asked me what I ordered, charged me for it, and told me to my face "your sandwich will be ready shortly." So, I went and sat down. About 5 minutes later, I looked up and noticed that there were 5 employees (including the 2 I had interacted with and who now should know of my order's existence at the bare minimum) just standing in the sandwich area, doing nothing other than chatting with each other and especially not making my sandwich. 
Eventually, someone looked over and said "What are you waiting on?" And I explained "My sandwich: Italian Hoagie, no Provolone" and everyone just started staring at each other murmuring "did you take that order", "do we have that made", etc. At this point I just said "Let me have my money back." A manager-type guy came over and asked what happened and I pointed out that despite the 5 people standing there, no one was making my sandwich. He asked "who took your order" and I pointed out both the initial person who took it and the young lady who said just a few minutes before that my sandwich would be ready. I turned to her and said "You told me just a few minutes ago that my sandwich would be ready. Why aren't you doing anything to make this happen?" Her response was, "Oh well I'm not the one trained to make the sandwiches so I couldn't have done anything."  At that point they finally figured processing my refund and I left.
For the record, I have gotten sandwiches at the Rittenhouse DiBruno location dozens of times over many years, and have never had issues. I would give that location 5 stars. 
But here this has now happened 2x in a row to me (and I have seen it happen to other people too when I've been there other times). Someone needs to do better.Placed a gift order for my aunt on 12/15 and never arrived.  When I called, there was no contrition on why it didn't ship, and there was no consideration given due to the fact that it didn't arrive before Christmas.  I will never order from them again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!BF and I ordered one of the lunch sandwiches with breaded chicken breast, broccoli rabe, red peppers and pesto. Good portion of chicken, but the sesame roll was so hard. It was hard to bite into and even cut with a knife and fork. I suggest using a more softer roll to balance the thick piece of chicken. Service was decent. Samples in the store helped curb the hunger.My coffee shop and rotisserie chicken spot! This is my go to place in the morning, there is something in their coffee that wants me to drink it everyday! Jess is the best when it comes to making your personalized coffee. During lunch they serve house special chicken, it's really good. Moist and has good flavor! There's a lot of cheese selection as well, place is a little pricey, but it's totally worth it!How does one charge 15.99 per pound for Brussels sprouts ? 
Also, I once found a hair in my prepared foods and management offered to give me the same hairy side, free of charge. Potential, but too expensive with some hiccups along the way..I've alas absolutely loved the food here but throughout the pandemic it's one of the few places I feel good about buying lunch from. Someone opens the door for you, they have sanitizer on either side. Everyone tries to be helpful without getting in your space. They are taking it very seriously and serving the community by staying open. I hope everyone takes time to appreciate the people who are still going to work everyday. 
My only complaint of course would be price. However if it's more expensive because they pay their workers a real wage than I'm proud to pay the extra. I'd need to ask a worker.