Being closed Sunday - Tuesday I was like a horse in the starting gate to get to try this place since my Saturday night arrival in Philly but come Wednesday I first both my lovely bride a pound for her day at work but after delivering them to her returned to devour my own pound and I could have kept on eating but since my blood pump repair guy is not in Philly I figure not a good time to have the blood pump go crazy.
But they were yummy for the tummy and I wish I could have them right now. They were were three bone wings too not the one bone wings you get just about most places these days. And they were chickens that got to live some before fate fell on them as they were an average size not teeny weeny where again is common these days.
The leaving the table on Dienner's is I wish they had one within a mile or two of home but then again God is probably doing for me what I could not do and that is refrain from consuming a pound or two of these fine wings weekly.
If your a wing person go for it!!God DAMN their smoked wings are godlike. 
It's my number one food in the Terminal. 
I usually get a pound. 
They aren't always open though.The best wings ever.!! I like the darker ones they are a lil sticky and perfectly seasoned. The smoked wings are a lil sweet and they just fall off the bone. It is really a problem. Last week i went twice. But I usually go once a week. They do sell out around 2 hours before they close but if you call them they will put some aside for you. It's just a great place.Dienners is the best roast chicken you may ever eat. The secret is they brine them in a solution of water sugar and salt. Then they are slow roasted to perfection. I know it sounds like a commercial. They are real Amish and the chicken is just like you get in Lancaster county. They don't reheat well and that's my only issue. So eat them on the spot. The whole chickens are great but the wings are the best! Expect to spend some money. They are not inexpensive .I've been coming here for nearly 10 years now, and it's still every bit as delicious as when I discovered it the first time I ventured into Reading Terminal Market.  I always order the plain rotisserie chicken wings and ask the friendly staff to pick me the smallest, most well done wings.  This is my key to success in maximizing flavor and crunch!
PARTING THOUGHT: Keep in mind that Dienner's Bar-B-Q Chicken is closed on Sundays, so be sure to plan your Reading Terminal Market visit accordinglySimple yet really good fried chicken. I tried the Original, Memphis Sweet & Thai Chili wings. Each variety was moist and seasoned well. The sauced options were my favorite. At nearly $10/lb Dienner's isn't cheap, but definitely good eats.At this point, I have pretty much tried all the food establishments inside Reading Terminal. I love the Terminal, I go as often as I can and usually leave with more produce than I can comfortably carry. I realized there was a place I hadn't eaten at, Dienner's BBQ Chicken. I will blame the location for that- they are practically hidden away on the wall next to Dutch Eating Place.
Dienner's does Rotisserie chicken.  You can get it whole or have some legs and wings.  There are piles of it and you can choose what looks best for you. The chicken are from Lancaster and the chefs are Amish.
Lunch combos are available. The guy in front of me in line was a regular and suggested the wing combo. It comes with a pound of wings, a drink, and a sauce- $10.80 with tax. I love food that is provided to you by weight. A pound will get you about 7-9 wings here. I requested a mix of their different wing styles- fried, San Antonio, and rotisserie.  Fried wings are self explanatory. I liked this a lot, they weren't greasy and the skin didn't slip off. The rotisserie wings were very impressive, the skin was cooked right so it was moist inside and had the collagen-melty layer under the skin. San Antonio, the BBQ sauce flavor got a little cloying after a while, but not a horrible wing to have. My sweet lemonade and blue cheese sauce finished off this  unhealthily satisfying lunch time meal.I'm really dissatisfied with the service I received today, when placing my order I ordered 1 pound of wings, person serving me told me it was a little over a pound I said that would be fine, I handed him the money and noticed a sign that said special, 1 pound of wings free drinks and free sauce, when I was handed my change I asked the gentleman for the drink and sauce, he told me it would be 1 dollar extra, I asked why and he replied because I was over 1 pound, what an asshole.Ok - so I work near the Reading Terminal and I try my best to avoid this place because it is a den of sinful food - it is a Foodie's Heaven and you want to try and eat all the different offerings.  I have tried Dienner's chicken in the past, but I guess I really didn't appreciate the complexity of the selections.  The rotisserie wings are great with the seasoning, but the smoked wings - OMG - so tasty...I ordered the 1 pound on my last trip and I am not ashamed to say - I didn't share - ate it all & licked my fingers...
Tip:  Don't go at lunch time - usually a long line...but what I will say if you do - it's worth the wait.Unique chicken wings, rather than deep fried and swimming in grease, their wings are rotisseried and seasoned perfectly. Sold by the pound, I recommend asking for the wings well done.  The skin is crispy, and the meat pulls right off.  I was debating giving only 4 stars since their hot sauce, which you can get on the side is not great, but the chicken stands alone as 5 stars.  They have just recently, introduced 2 new style of wings, one that seems to have been basted with ranch dressing and the other, fried.  I prefer the original.  Wish they were open sun-tues but it just makes the palette grow fonderSan Antonio wings, fried and rotisserie are very good. Smoked I would not recommend over the others. It's a good place but not the most special in Reading.one of the places you want to try when in the Reading Terminal! Great selection of chicken and the price is okay! The line can very long. My suggestion is to come here around 11:30-11:50. After these expect long lines! You will smell the rotisserie when you're getting close to this place.  Make sure to check in if you have Yelp to get a discount and grab a member card to get your free entree when you complete it.I have been getting their wings three times in a week. I know it might be bad for my health but I could never say no to fried chicken especially from Dienner's. 
My favorite is their original wings, it hits all the spots in my system. Its so juicy , tender and flavorful. The juicy chicken meet just falls right off the bone and the skin is my favorite part.Great selection of chicken and the price is okay! The line can very long. It's a little hard to find it's way on the back wall at the Reading Terminal Market. The smoked and SAN Antonio Chicken is Slamming!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I's did for thee wings unreal! Many great sauces and styles, what else could you ask for ?This chicken is worth the tears of joy I weep upon purchase each and every time I go there.I have been craving for their wings for a while based on all the good reviews, and I finally stopped in today to give it a shot.
It's Saturday lunch time, I was surprised that there was no line there. They raised price for $9.39/pound of wings which is not a big deal. 
Since it was my first time to try their wings, I ordered a mix of one pound of classic, smoked and San Antonio wings. The wings were good, but not as good as I was expecting. They are absolutely tender, somewhat flavorful, but not impressive. I would say it's just average chicken wings. 
The staff were nice and friendly. 
If you like chicken wings, Moriarty's is absolutely the first choice!This place has awesome chicken.  I'm usually not a fan of chicken wings, but these were great.  
We purchased several wings and drumettes and got bleu cheese and hot sauce.  Each wing was cooked in a rotisserie oven and was super meaty, moist, and very tasty even without sauce.  
The only thing that I felt was missing was that you couldn't get a side of celery (which is a minor thing), but I do like some fresh, crunchy veggies with wings.  Would definitely recommend this place though.My parents have been traveling to the reading terminal since I was child for this place, that's over twenty yrs! One of the best in town. Make sure u get you some that's not too charred tho. Tues and Wednesday they close at 3pm weekend hours until 5pm take my advice I'm ordering chicken for my father as I do this review. Stop in you won't be disappointedOne of the best chickens I have ever had. Flavorful, tender and moist, it is everything you want from your chicken. I was sorry I could not have more as I already demolished half a Dinic's roast pork sandwich when my uncle offered me some of the chicken he got from Dienner's.
Next time I am in Philadelphia, I will make sure to stop by again.After scouting out all the options in a scenic food marketplace, I decided that Dienner's was the best choice. The crew was friendly and food tasty. I can't wait to return!I want to die in a bed filled with the chicken wings from here.  That is all.This place is tucked away behind the Dutch Eating Place in the Amish corner and their chicken is quite good! Fall of the bone chicken is the way to go! Their fried wings, which are 25% off on Tuesdays are my favorite of the wings. The San Antonio wings are good, but a little sweet for me. If you're really hungry, I recommend the pound wing combo which comes with a pound of wings, choice of sauce, a roll and a drink. 
My favorite of the specials is the half chicken, which comes with all of the above sides with the wing combo. I ordered the rotisserie potatoes and found them desperately needing salt. The onions and rosemary do give them some flavor. 
It's also great that they have a loyalty card. Buy 8 specials, get 1 free. I do have to deduct 1 star for lack of consistency. On a Tuesday, I got the wing combo with all fried wings and got 25% off of the wings and on another Tuesday, did the same thing and had to pay full price. Not sure what was going on there. Another point deducted because an employee consistently stars creepily at me and once informed me that he was looking for a wife this year. Uhh...how about no. Just keep providing me with plenty of buttery protein and I'm good.The bbq chicken here is awesome!!!
The Amish really put their foot in this chicken no pun intended :)
They have specials well I got the #1 which gives u 1lb of chicken wings, drink, and a sauce choice (hot, mild, or blue cheese)
U have to get these wings. If it's your first time they can be a little hard to find but just go over in the Amish section of reading terminal
The bbq chicken here is awesome!!!
The Amish really put their foot in this chicken no pun intended :)
They have specials well I got the #1 which gives u 1lb of chicken wings, drink, and a sauce choice (hot, mild, or blue cheese)
U have to get these wings. If it's your first time they can be a little hard to find but just go over in the Amish section of reading terminalThis is some good chicken, nice to stop by here and get a pound if I'm get out of work early. It closes way too early, can't even get something for dinner sometimes.
I dunno, I mean some of the chicken is fresh I'm sure, but a lot of it is just laying out cooked from who knows when. I didn't feel that what I got had just been out of the oven. It also wasn't quite as moist as I think everyone has been saying.
If all they are going to do is chicken then they better be amazing. This is very good, and I'd go again, but I'm not in love with it.If you're in the vicinity of the Reading Terminal Market and are craving wings, this is the place to be! They offer whole chickens, chicken wings, and thighs, all rotisserie style. My favorite is definitely the wings and they offer them in a couple different ways. You can get them plain, smoked, fried, or San Antonio style (tossed in a creamy BBQ sauce). You really can't go wrong with any of those options! I've never tried any of their sauces and I don't need to, these wings are perfect just the way they are!Dienner's has zero frills, but they sure do have great chicken. Getting half a chicken from Dienner's is a must when visiting Reading Terminal Market! I've never had a bad meal from Dienner's, not once, and I've been a few dozen times.
The drawbacks: 1.  They only take cash (buy that is typical for Reading Terminal Market vendors) 2. Their "late" hours are not always predictable. They may say they are open until 5:00 PM on Friday, but don't be surprised to see everything closed by 4:00 PM. 3. Closed on Sunday and Monday.
2014 Update: They now take credit card as of my visit yesterday, and the chicken remains consistently excellent.Chicken here is incredible! Mouth watering . Get some bbq sauce . Comes with bread . All I have to say is I got a half a chicken and it was gone in a about 3 minutes . That's how good the chicken is here . Forget finger licking KFC this play takes home the gold  medal !Seems a bit odd to travel from central Texas to Philly and order anything "San Antonio", but dang the San Antonio wings are tasty. They're big wings, and crunchy, and bbq sweet and spicy. The rotisserie wings are quite tasty too, if you don't want to lick as much San Antonio off your fingers. I don't know what in the world the wings have to do with San Antonio, but dang they're tasty.Got the half chicken meal for $8.95, which comes with a roll and a drink. Chicken was tender and well-seasoned. The hot sauce I got on the side was also very tasty. It was a peppery-sweet flavor. Went around 2 on a Wednesday so it wasn't too busy. Will definitely return to try the wings and pulled chicken sandwich.After a breakfast or lunch at the Dutch Eating Place (right next door in Reading Terminal Market), we always pick up a cut up chicken for dinner that night.  Moist, flavorful, and needs absolutely no sauce or seasoning.
Oh, and if there are leftovers they make a great sandwich or curry the next day.
Since it is in the Amish section, it is only open Wednesdays (till 3), and Thursday through Saturday.Awesome rotisserie wing spot.  It's done in a rotating oven like rotisserie chicken.  Several flavors to choose from but I usually go with original and BBQ.  About $9.50 per pound, it's a lot of wing.  There served whole not chopped up like Buffalo wings so get ready to really dig in.The only thing you can buy here is chicken.  Delicious, delicious chicken.
The men behind the counter were friendly and fast - working in front of dozens of roasting chickens to deliver us our half chicken with sweet sauce.  As with most BBQ joints in the East, I find that there is never enough sauce to go around - so ask for some before you leave.
The chicken was absolutely fall-off-the-bone good, well-seasoned and not at all dry.  You'll have to go elsewhere for sides and the like - but don't worry, it's worth it!I ordered 1 lb of chicken wings and paid over the advertised $11.09 wing special and was not given the sauce or drink. Would have been nice to be given the special, but they will not give if you don't specifically ask. Not good business.I'm a huge fan of the half chicken. Its one of the best lunch deals in the city. Their spicy BBQ complements their simply seasoned chicken perfect. (every so often, they get a little heavy with the salt but its still awesome).
A lot of folks love the wings as well but for me its always the half chicken.
They now have roasted corn and potatoes..I'm going to try them next time,You can smell Dienner's deliciousness an aisle away!!  Excellent spit-roasted chicken and wings.  No bones about it.   On Saturdays, customers stand in long queues to get their chicken fix, and Dienner's frequently sells out before everyone is served.  As others have noted, you are well-advised to come earlier in the day to increase the odds that you will leave with your own foil-wrapped package of spit-roasted joy.
Dienner's loses a star for accepting cash only and for its relatively high prices. Zook's in the Newtown Farmer's Market (not generally known for discounts) has equally delicious chicken for 2/3 the price.Hands down best no/low carb lunch spot in Reading. 
The ordering area is kind of a mess because of their two registers and 3 different signs for the same place but its worth the hassle. 
I haven't had the wings yet but I typically get the half chicken special. It comes with... Half a chicken, a drink, and a roll. Add in some roasted brocc when they have it and you have a giant no carb feast for around 10. That is practically stealing in Reading.These are really, really great tasting wings!  They are located in the Amish section of Reading Terminal Market.  Just follow your nose, if you have trouble finding them!  Their fried and smoked chicken smell wonderfully permeates the air.
This market gets extremely busy, so best to arrive early in the morning (before noon) to get the best selection of wings.  
I've only tried their fried wings and the smoked wings.  The fried is the winner of these two.  The crust is perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection. Their smoked wings leave a little to be desired...the smoke flavor and color is there but that is all.  Definitely could use some seasoning.
Overall, the wings are a must-try!  The Amish behind the counter are friendly and appreciate all the business they get.If you like rotisserie chicken, you've gotta try their wings. I usually get the special which is 1lb of wings, a sauce (always blue cheese), and a drink. I can't say enough about these wings. I haven't tried their fried wings (they are newer). Originally, they only had the rotisserie style. One of the great things about this place is that there usually isn't a crazy line, like the other places in Reading Terminal Market. The only bad thing is that they are closed on Mondays.Good wings, sold by the pound, not nearly as good food as at the Dutch Eating Place.  Good but not great chickenI love chicken wings!  I love the many varieties--fried, baked, spicy, barbecue, Thai, Korean, and with tomato sauce!  Dienner's wings whether they are rotisserie, smoked, or San Antonio-style will bring a smile to your face.  I even forgot to order the sauces--it gives me an excuse to return tomorrow.  If you are looking for something different from the Reading Terminal Market you need to find Dienner's off the beaten track like so many wonderful food stands!Only had the 1/2 rotisserie chicken from here, but by far one of the best I ever had. The meat is literally falling off the bone and extremely juicy. Judging from the rest of the reviews and friends, definitely going for the wings next time around.1. The chicken here is so good we came back three times while on vacation.
2. It's a little hard to find it's way on the back wall at the Reading Terminal Market.
3. Did I mention we came back three times.The chicken in this place is finger lickin' good! This place is hidden all the way in the corner but you can easily smell the delicious chicken if you enter the Reading market from arch street. I was hungry one day and only stopped by because it smelled really good. I got a half pound of the smoked wings and little did I know I was about to get hooked on this chicken! It was absolutely delicious and totally hits the spot. The meat is super tender and really juicy. Hands down best wings I have had in the city so far. I try very hard not to come here every day, if they were fat free and calorie free I would.My mother has been coming to this place for over 15 years! And the quantity of these wings have not changed a bit. Now I'm older and I come quite often. I was so use to the rotisserie chicken wings, I never tried anything else. I went on a limb and tried both the smoked and SAN Antonio!! Omgosh so good I'll never get plain rotisserie again. Don't get me wrong rotisserie is still good but the flavor of the smoked and SAN Antonio is so addicting.I don't consider myself a wing aficionado, so I never thought I'd give a place specializing in chicken wings a five star rating.  However, the wings at Dienner's managed to show me just how delicious chicken wings can be!  Done right, wings can be just as delicious as any other part of the chicken--and as meaty as some chicken legs and thighs, too.
Despite my mediocre past experience with chicken wings, I decided to take a chance and order the wings here, and I'm certainly glad that I did.  Reading the other reviews convinced me that wings are Dienner's specialty, and I always try to order the food that a place is known for, so I followed suit here.  Knowing Dienner's sells wings by the pound, I asked if I could get a half pound, since I'd already ordered a full lunch from another nearby BBQ stand.  They told me this was possible, and even informed me that I could get more than one flavor of wing to try, so I decided to get two rotisserie and two smoky wings, which came to a bit over a pound (around $5.25 or so).
Upon trying the wings, it became immediately apparent that these wings were quite different from any other wings I'd eaten before.  They were larger and meatier than any wings I'd ever had previously, with tender meat and a crisp skin.  I didn't get any sauce, but the rubs applied to them were flavorful enough to stand on their own.  The two varieties tasted different, but it was a bit difficult for me to identify which flavor was which.  Despite this, they were both delicious, and made for a great accompaniment to the boneless rib sandwich that I had for lunch.
Needless to say, I was quite impressed with my experience at Dienner's.  My only criticism was that the wings were a bit pricey, but I'd definitely say they're well worth it.  The lunch combos are more reasonably priced (I believe there's a Yelp check in offer for them, as well), so I may try one of them if I stop by again.  Whether you consider yourself a wing connoisseur or a wing naysayer, be sure to check out Dienner's wings--they're certain to impress, no matter what your feelings about wings!The Rotisserie chicken here is amazing! If you are having a party this is the place to stock up on wings. They also sell delicious wings fried and smoked, but the rotisserie is the standout star. For lunch I like to get their pound of wings meal with the idea of saving half of it for dinner. It takes a lot of self control to not eat the entire pound in one sitting. The meal comes with a BBQ dipping sauce to make the wings even more delicious. Even if the line is long here don't be discouraged. It's worth the wait!Came here to pick up some food. The name is misleading since most of the chicken options are not BBQ. The smoked wings are yummy. The rotisserie is ok flavor but all the choices were moist. Lines are def confusing. Bonus to my day, I was able to round of the meal with a few free samples of vodka showcased by a new distillery in town.Okay, now this is just amazing.  What a surprise to come across this place (by accident)- and find some of the yummiest chicken we ever tasted!  Actually, did not get the bbq chicken- but did get the rotisserie chicken, and it was Heaven!  So tasty, so moist and delicious!!Got the whole pound of smoked wings and was not disappointed. Meat just fell off the bone & the hot bbq sauce was incredible.What a gem we stumbled upon! I felt quite overwhelmed at RTM, how to choose one vendor for lunch when everything looks so good? 
My husband, however, had a zen conviction that Dienner's should be the best of the best. And - oh boy - did he choose right! The chicken here is out of this world flavorful. We had a medley of thai chili, parmesan and san antonio. Not only were the sauces finger licking good, but the chicken was so juicy and tender... I wonder what their secret is! Also, I highly recommend the broccoli and carrots. 
Seating is a nightmare, but be patient and the food will be well worth it.I've been thinking lately about what it really takes to give 5 stars to a basic takeout place. 
I think in the end, if you get a feeling that you're eating something special that you really can't duplicate anywhere else, it's worthy of that rating. 
After eating the San Antonio wings here at Dienner's, that's exactly the feeling I got. 
Besides the fact that the wings were perfectly tender and meaty, there's something about that sauce. It has just enough tang with just enough kick that you don't feel like it overwhelms your tastebuds. 
It hit me just right. Right in my feels. 
I may have a new go to place in Reading Terminal to go with my 6 other go to places.I heard great things about this place and I finally got to try a chicken leg, coleslaw and their hot BBQ sauce. It was $5.01 for all of that and it filled my tummy up. You can choose between smoked chicken or the rotisserie style, but I got the smoked one and it was so soft. The chicken ripped apart so easily. It was very soft and delicious. The coleslaw also hit the spot and paired well with the smoky flavor. This place was closed the other 2 times I tried to visit so I'm not really sure what their shop hours are but definitely check this place out if you haven't!I HAVE BEEN WAITING TO GET HOME SO I COULD WRITE THIS WELL-DESERVED 5 STAR REVIEW! What a fantabulous meal. I did some deep research into the best wings in Philly due to the hubs' craving. Thought this would be a good choice since it is in Reading Terminal Market, which in and of itself a fun stop as we are on vacation. When I arrived, I got a good feeling from the long line of folks who appeared to be regulars there on their lunch break. I drooled with anticipation as I awaited my turn; service was expedient despite the line. The folks running the establishment were very nice, as well. I was pumped to place my carefully thought-out order of 3 San Antonio wings, 2 smoked wings, 2 fried wings, a hot bbq sauce, a sweet bbq sauce, a buffalo sauce, a couple roasted carrots that looked good, and 2 small rolls because they were 30 cents each. ALL THIS WAS FOURTEEN DOLLARS. YES.
All of the wings were superb. Now, I don't think of myself as someone who really likes fried chicken. I don't love fried chicken at fried chicken places because I often find it a bit buttery for some reason, and I don't like that. THE FRIED WINGS HERE WERE THE BEST. Light (?) and crispy. Hubs says next time he's getting 6 fried wings to himself. I would suggest getting at least 1-2 San Antonio as well as I did enjoy the unique sauce on them - kind of like a cross between a less spicy buffalo and bbq. The smoked was very good but perhaps we don't NEED them again in the future. 
I also really enjoyed the sauces and the dipping action they inspired. The buffalo was our fave. I also don't like when buffalo sauce is buttery and this one was not. It was just kind of like an upgraded and more viscous Frank's Hot Sauce kind of vibe. The hot bbq was also very nice. Hubs says he only needs the buffalo moving forward but I say the hot bbq is necessary as well. The sweet bbq was solid but not essential. And the carrots were a very fine side. Not overly seasoned or burnt despite the burnt look to them. Our 1.5 year old child really enjoyed them as well. 
This place is famous for a reason. Any friend of mine who visits Philly must eat here. Thank you.I'm making an effort to try every single food place in the Reading Terminal Market during this year that I moved back in to the city (I know... despite me growing up in Philly, I never tried everything this market has to offer) I read the the BBQ Chicken at Dienner's is something to try, and it did not disappoint. The entrance closest to this spot is on Arch, closest to 13th; as soon as you enter, you turn right and it's right there. They have an assortment of wings/full chickens that you can buy by the pound, as well as 2 "meal options." I had the Wings meal option, which is 1lbs of wings, a side of BBQ sauce, and a drink, which was reasonably priced. You can mix & match the wing flavors (not too many to choose from, which I think is good since you're not overwhelmed), and I did their original Rotisserie and Parmesan (their Rotisserie glazed with a Parmesan sauce); I chose their hot BBQ sauce. The wings were perfect! The size was average to large, and the meat was super tender and came off the bone very easily . I definitely liked the Parmesan wings more than their original. The Hot BBQ sauce, though really not hot at all, was also delicious, and I definitely used all of it on the original sauce-less wings. Definitely a place to come back for!
Rating: 9/10
Pros: Parmesan Wings!
Cons: NoneI ordered rotisserie chicken through Mercato for Thanksgiving. It was fantastic, although smaller than I expected.
 My disappointment, and why I dropped one star is only a very limited menu is offered for delivery.My first stop in reading market and their wings are amazing! We only tried the Parmesan garlic wings and they were moist, juicy, flavorful. Now the price was a little bit pricey. 2 wings for $4.50 but they were so good I didn't mind playing the money.Dienner's Bar-B-Q is a family owned business that makes the best rotisserie barbecued chicken I ever had. The chickens are so favorable and tender, you wonder how they do it. It is a take out spot only and when I walked up to the counter the other day, Bob had just dumped a pile of barbecued wings on the table. wow, what a site, makes you wish a chicken had 12 wings man! I saw the spices that they rubbed on the birds and it looked like a pretty potent rub. They sell the chicken by the pound and rolls and BBQ sauce are available. Don't miss this one!Yes, I know, I'm an idiot for coming here on an extremely busy Saturday, early afternoon. What were we thinking? There was a special event we wanted to attend, but once we got here, it turned out to be a bust so that was our excuse to run out and find something to eat.
I am a huge fan of Dienner's, whether it's their Amish buffet in Ronks, PA or here. I went for their fried wings this time and asked for six (PRO TIP - the meat is priced per pound, but you can ask for a specific number of wings instead of pounds - it's amazing how many people don't know that.)
So dang juicy.  I'm in love.