Excellent food and a nice cozy atmosphere. 
Buy the extra pots though. Helping is big.Paid $14 for one of the best dishes I could get. Fresh hummus with freshly baked pita and meat. Top it with some other veggies and you'll have an amazing and healthy meal.Delicious! It looks and tastes like Tel Aviv! I loved the food and decor. Generous portion and reasonably priced!Love, love, love the hummus here! Always combined with healthy toppings and served with amazing pita. Minus 2 stars for the eat-in seating. Always freezing cold inside, dark and dank. Borders on unpleasant.Go here! For around $10, you will get a delicious hummus plate complete with Israeli salad (and of course, pickles!) 
I believe their hummus flavors rotate, but on the day I went, they had around 3-4 to choose from. I settled on beet/sunflower and was pleasantly surprised by the smooth taste. 
I'll definitely return, especially since they have some outdoor seating so I can work on those tan lines!Wow, this place was great. Came here with a friend and was intrigued by the funky interior, only to be further pleased by the excellent food! I had the lentil hummus and my friend had the beef one. Both were super flavorful, creamy, and light. The pita was soft and super warm. Perfect! Limonadas were great too. Definitely will go back :)Fantastic and creative combination of hummus spread around a bowl, with a center of oil and the "entree" part of the dish. All of this is also accompanied with a hot foil of fresh, pillowy pita bread. I had a beef brisket and potatoes, and everything was perfect. The hummus was extremely creamy, and the brisket was tender and flavorful, combined well with the brothy potatoes. The pita bread was also the best I've had so far. 
I didn't imagine I could make a meal out of a hummus dish, but by the end I was pretty full. The side pickles and salad were great as well, and definitely take advantage of the additional jars of toppings at each table to explore more ingredient/flavors to the dish.My sister-in-law invited me to lunch here. My goodness was it delicious. I tried the carrot hummus and beef hummus. Also you MUST get the boozy lemonana. It's heavenly. Quality food! The space is small but most of the time people seem to find a spot.Shut the front door. This place exists?! I'm stunned I didn't know sooner. I wish I knew before lunch! Now, I'll have to wait...I'm giving Dizengoff five stars before I go, because I've had Zahav's hummus and it's amazing!!!!! My day = made .Well worth the try if you're in the area. Simple classics done well.When a place serves up nothing but hummus, and you are expected to eat hummus as a meal and not an appetizer, then you owe it to yourself to check it out!  
And I was not disappointed!! This place surprised me. I didn't know hummus can taste this good. 
This is probably the best hummus I ever had. It's flavorful, soooo smooth and creamy. Just give me a spoon and I can eat it like a soup! 
I got the eggplant hummus and find the eggplant to be too salty for my taste. But the hummus is the real star here.Not much to say other than this hummus is SOOOO GOOD. It is my favorite hummus (super smooth and creamy), favorite pita (hot and fluffy), favorite everything. You can't go wrong with any of their menu choices for the day. Just go!I was finally able to eat hummus here, after several months. All my 4+ previous tries were unsuccessful due to hummus running out earlier in the day. 
Nevertheless, the hummus with tahina lived up to the hype. It was warm and creamy (that's what she said... ), delicious. The pita bread was soft and supple. Limonana on the side was very sour but nice. 
Try going here before 2-3pm to minimize risk of returning empty handed.I was very disappointed when I went to get hummus on Monday.  What happened to the portions?  I can get more when I buy a tub from Trader Joes for $2.99.  Really.  $11.00 for half a cup of hummus?  I have really enjoyed my meals from Dizengoff and I was a solid fan and recommended the restaurant to numerous people, but when I got my meal on Monday, I was highly irritated that I had spent the money.  I don't think I'll be back.  When I told a person at work about my experience they no longer were interested in spending their money and they hadn't even tried your hummus.  You could have gained a new excited customer and I would have come back.Very cool place and concept. You can just detect the level of hip upon entry to this place. No worries. The humus lives up to the place it is served. I never thought that I could eat a whole plate for dinner but Dizengoff is amazing. If I lived in Philly I would be a frequent customer.Who knew a place that sells hummus only could be good?  Same owner as Zahav which is one of my favorite restaurants so had to stop by and try this place.  The only thing on the menu is hummus and toppings that you add and I added the beef which comes with a pita bread and side of beet salad.  The hummus was really creamy and tasty.  I would recommend another side of pita bread if you are sharing and it is a pretty filling meal.Dizengoff is a delicious modern twist to hummus. It was hands down the most delicious hummus I have ever tasted. I was surprised by how much I enjoyed the chicken salad hummus. It is definitely the perfect stop for a quick, affordable lunch.We visited Dizengoff off of a recommendation and it didn't disappoint! We were a little worried that a hummus dish would leave us hungry but it definitely did not. I chose the onion hummus while my fiance had the chicken. I was torn between two and the waitress helped explain the dishes well. Come to find out, she even brought over a sample of the corn topping used in the other hummus I was thinking of trying. The side salad that accompanies is also very tasty and refreshing. The pita is warm and filling. I thought we would need an extra pita each but I believe one would be enough, or one extra to share between two people would suffice. The service here was amazing and our waitress Christina made this a great experience for us!!The best hummus I've ever had. Limited menu at the Whole Foods location but everything is great. The pita. The frozen lemonade. But especially the hummus.Food was absolutely incredible, service was fast, and the location is tucked away so you're off the beaten path of downtown Philly!AMAZING! Like everyone else says, spend the extra $1 and order an extra pita to make two meals for yourself (or split one order with a friend). I got the beef w/ hummus and pita. Fan-freakin-tastic. I'll be back :)Really really good hummus. It's smooth and not grainy at all. Myself and two other girls split 3 different kinds of their hummus- brisket & tahini were SO good. We also got to sit outside which was nice.I miss living 2 blocks from Dizengoff. This place ruined hummus for me such that all other places disappoint me with their hummus. When I raved about this place to friends and family, they didn't understand how I could be so passionate about it. After I convinced my mom to try it, she finally understood. After I made my boyfriend try it, he doesn't automatically resist when I suggest going there for a meal. Now that I live in Baltimore, I miss it so much. I tell everyone who goes to visit Philly to make a stop here. 
One order is definitely enough to share between two people if you order an extra pita. Sometimes I would get takeout and gluttonously eat the whole thing in one sitting, so maybe it is a good thing I don't live as close. The plain tahini is flavorful on its own but they have different toppings each day. I've tried the beef and the mushroom toppings in the past, and both have been delightful.Never disappointing. The new option to add an egg is great. Make sure to try some of the house made harissa.On my last day in Philadelphia, my boyfriend and I stopped by here for a quick brunch. This place is one of a kind and very good. I have never eaten anything like this before, but wow, I now wish I could find a place like this locally.
This isn't regular hummus you get at Trader Joe's or Costco (even though I do like those places' hummus, lol). The hummus they serve at Dizengoff is creamier and a lot smoother and you scoop it up with this delicious flat bread. It tastes super good with beef, cauliflower, or egg. I got one with beef while my boyfriend got the regular tahini with egg on the side. We were both really surprised and loved what we ate. 
The girls who worked here are super nice and very helpful. The place is clean, plus they have water pitchers so you don't have to ask for water refills.
Overall, I highly recommend this place!!!Not terribly impressed. 
$11 will get you 1 pita, plate of hummus, a pickle, and a small cucumber salad ( size that you would get at a Korean place, aka Banchan if you're familiar with that term). It is absolutely enough food to get you full, and an extra $1 will get you another piece of pita for dipping necessities. 
I enjoyed the pickle, it's very similar to a Taiwanese pickled cucumber, so that hit home. Both the cucumber salad and the turkey hummus I tried today were way too heavy on the salt. I don't know if it's always like that, but it was very very heavy on the salt which completely overpowered any other flavor. The hummus was a great consistency, nice and creamy and perfectly textured but the salt really overwhelmed everything else and made it unenjoyable. Based on this experience, I don't believe I will return, although I enjoyed most of the owner's other restaurants.Excellent hummus, phenomenal pita and even a good IPA.   Subtracted a star because the salads were just OK.We had lunch here last week.  I had a chicken hummus that was awesome.   We orders extra bread which was not necessary.  You can just keep what they give you and be fine.Stopped in for the soft opening over the weekend, and Dizengoff was already packed.
Communal style seating for about 20, which means that you're going to have to be content with take-out for lunch, because this place is going to be crowded.
We ordered one of everything on the menu, and, in what I think was a good sign, every person had a different favorite. Mine was the hummus with the roasted corn, which I'm guessing will be a seasonal special.
At $9-10 for a bowl of hummus, salatim, a fresh pita and some pickled veggies, it's not a bargain, but any combination of Solomonov and hummus is going to taste great.Really tasty hummus- a great spot for lunch. I love trying the different combinations, but the chicken salad hummus was my favorite. My only complain? They opened up a falafel place across the street. I don't understand why those have to be 2 restaurants. I mean, probably because this started in NYC and it's some kind of unspoken rule that everything in NYC has to be a big pain in the a$$? It would be awesome if I could just order some falafel with my hummus. All that said, would love it if they put a Dizengoff here in Chicago. It would do gangbusters out here.Loved the fresh hummus and the fluffy and light pita bread. The accompaniments were perfect as well. Great option for a quick bite.I stopped by here after work after looking for a place for dinner that was not too filling. I was also craving hummus for some time.
I was a bit surprised by the decor of the place. I thought it would be much brighter.
When looking at some pictures on Yelp before I arrived, I knew that I wanted to try the matbucha. Sadly, it was not on the menu.
I ordered the green tomato hummus and picked a table outside. The waiter brought out the hummus with the side of pickles, onions and salad out very quickly. The pita it came out with was nice and toasty.
The oil or dressing of the green tomato on the hummus made the hummus very watery and had to scoop after about a quarter of the way through. If you don't mind just eating it with the spoon it is still good. I did not feel the hummus was any special but I enjoyed the toasty pita and nicely dressed salads along with it.
I do not advice eating outside. There were tiny things hovering around the hummus as soon as it came out. At first there was only two but more and more kept coming out of nowhere.
As I was eating, a lady walked by, looked at the door and said "noooo" quit loudly. They had run out of hummus for the day. After this lady, couple more people came by and had the same reaction.
This place is good for a quick snack or light meal. I would come back next time I am craving hummus although I think it was a bit on the pricier side.Best hummus we have ever had. Got the eggplant dish, and added some of the harissa on the table. Amazing! Casual seating and a great vibe for such big flavor. Very friendly staff.Best hummus that I've had in Philadelphia. 
I will be getting more.
Hummus is silky smooth and everything comes together.The food is fantastic here. The hummus is perfect. The side salads are fresh and crisp. They have great drink options too. So why the subpar review?
I've had issues with the takeaway service. I've been handed bags without the pickles, without the drink I ordered, and today, horribly, without the pita. What gives?! Now I'm too far away to hike back and get my damn pita. I know I should have checked it before I left but really, that isn't my job especially since I was being shooed away so they could get another order together. There needs to be some quality control at the pass. It's clear if something is missing from a tray but the problems are harder to see from the takeaway probably because everything is packaged separately. I'm pissed I didn't get my pita. Pissed!I ask my boyfriend to pick up Dizengoff almost twice a week and sometimes more. 
It has been, hands down, the best and most consistent hummus I've ever had. Combine it with the pickled beets- hummus and pita, it's a bite from hummus heaven!
Get it with extra pita and cucumber slices.Another Solomonov hit.  It took me a few weeks to make it here because of the limited hours, but I was pleasantly surprised when I did.  I had the egg hummus.  Not entirely sure what was in it, an egg obviously, and then maybe kale, and something crunchy that reminded me of potato chips.  It was an interesting, but tasty combination.  I mixed in some of the cucumber salad and went to town with my pita.  I had considered ordering an extra pita, but I'm glad I didn't.  I had a little hummus left over, but I think a second pita would have been too much.  The line does get long at peak lunch times, but it moves pretty quick.  I'm looking forward to trying some of the other options.Found this gem orignally from a coworker and went back a couple of times already. They literally have the BEST hummus in the city! The menu will change slightly each time I visit but I love trying all different kinds of hummus there. My favorite one is eggplant hummus. They are so generous with the portion too - I always leave with a full stomach! Since this place is so popular, it is always packed during lunch time! But you can do take out so not a biggie. I will recommend this restaurant to any hummus lovers!!! Please check it out ;)I've tried this location and the one in Whole Foods. This last time (from the Whole Foods) is why I've finally decided to complain. 
I thought it was a fluke with our first order, but both times now the food was extra special salty!!!!! From the Whole Foods location we ordered the whole (small) chicken with salad (maybe 2 cups), hummus (2 cups), and pita (6 of them). The chicken was extremely salty and the sad excuse of a salad was even worse. 
Not only was the salad salty, but it was also ridiculously small. It comes in the same size container as their hummus and it's pineapple, cucumber, spices, and some other various things. I'm not sure how that is supposed to feed an entire family???  There's barely 2 cups worth of salad in the container. What!?!?! That's not a salad for a family, that's barely a snack for an individual!
The only good things about this meal - the hummus was ok...salty again, but more edible than the salad or chicken. You get 6 pitas...although, they aren't outstanding pitas and not really worth eating.  
For $36 plus tax, this wasn't worth the price. Throw on top of it that it was barely edible because of the salt content, and I'd say it was pretty much worthless! Dizengoff, you should cut back on your salt for all of your dishes. Then maybe we could actually taste your food. 
We are extremely disappointed and will never eat there again.This place is as good as you are going to get without being in the Middle East itself. Dizengoff has creamy and flavorful hummus with topping choices true to the food's origin. The hummus also comes with traditional Israeli salads and pickles. The pita is also delicious, I would recommend getting two pitas for one bowl of hummus as they are large portions. Every single thing I've gotten there is amazing and they serve drinks too, very unusual for a small joint in philly.The hummus was great - a little pricey ($13 for chicken). This is the second time I've tried eating hummus just for dinner, and I don't think it's for me. You definitely need the extra pita to eat up all of the yummy hummus. Only $1 extra.Yes yes yes
Staff was super friendly. Came and sat down with a friend for dinner around 5:45 on a Tuesday.
We shared a lamb pistachio hummus. Was a little salty but very tasty. Pita was also fluffy and deliciousThe perfect weekend lunch! I came here on an unseasonable warm day and my friend and I sipped some IPAs, ate delicious fluffy pita with amazing hummus and had a great time. The location is awesome and I love that the flavors change over everyday. If you're with someone definitely try the original tahina hummus and one of the specialty flavors. Get extra pita, you probably won't need it but you can pop it in the freezer for future emergencies. It's unbelievably good. When we went they had romenesco cauliflower hummus and I haven't stopped thinking about it...
I want to come back and try the shoushouka!Crazy good pita and hummus. Go with a group and eat all the flavors. The peas and carrots hummus dishes were surprise standouts on this visit. Also, they have good beer.This isn't the place to go for a cheap lunch but boy is it the best hummus I've ever had. The brisket was tender, the salad was fantastic, and the pita was warm and fluffy. I also got one of the frozen limonana lemon-mint drinks and it was as intense as I was hoping. Seriously quality all around and the portions are plenty big, though I think I'm going to start ordering a second pita just because they're so tasty!Visiting from San Francisco and I have tasted hummus platters, falafel and pita bread from different establishments back home, but Philly's Dizengoff has the best hummus I've ever tasted. I am also a skeptic that I would ever taste good falafel and I have been disappointed many times--over cooked, too dry, size too large, tasteless. Dizengoff's falafel was absolutely fabulous--the right size, so tasty, cooked just right--not overdone and dry. The pita bread was fresh, soft and the pickled side dishes were a perfect compliment. Love the frozen mint lemonade too! All a tasty combination--left me satisfied and happy. I would definitely visit Dizengoff again whenever I come back to Philly.Arrived with my husband on Saturday around 4PM it was quite busy. We ordered onion hummus & Tehina. Onion almond was very tasty, delicate taste. Pickles was awesome. Their pita bread was something awesome, fresh loved it. Fair prize. Frozen lemonade was also good.A friend recommended this place and I saw that it had great Yelp reviews so we tried it. I was a little confused about how their menu worked when I first walked in, but we figured it out. Had the mushroom hummus and the farro one, and both were really delicious! Their pita is so fresh and I love the side cucumber salad. I wasn't sure if it was going to be enough for a meal but I was really full and couldn't even finish it all. How do they make their hummus so creamy? Love that they constantly switch out their flavors. Will definitely be back to try more!Amazing pitas and hummus. All the best things about Zahav without the multi month wait. Add in a helping of style and some interesting other options on the menu. Great spot. Fact that Abe Fisher is next door is a +. Can always people watch the crowd at Federal Donuts.What a great restaurant! There are only a few tables so it can be crowed but food taste was absolutely great. highly recommended.Dizengoff serves hummus and only hummus as the main dish in this euro-grunge/uber-hipster hidden lunch spot. The concept is simple enough - hummus stars as the only main dish option. Who doesn't love eating hummus from the bowl?
The menu is small (about four different hummus dishes, served with bread, pickles vegetables and cucumber salad on the side), but big in flavor. I'm not joking when I say it was the best pita I've ever had -- floury, warm, and perfect for dipping. 
While I'm admittedly hummus-obsessed, this was easily my favorite spot on a recent trek through Philly. With cool indie music in the background, colorful poster collages on the walls, and quickly made food, it's the perfect lunch spot on a walk around town.So you're thinking, "It's hummus.  How good could it be?"
Sit down and let me tell you.  This is the caviar of hummus. (Even if you don't like caviar or hummus - this is on a higher plain.)  I had the basic hummus plate to get to the heart of the matter as a first timer at Dizengoff, but a seasoned hummus dinner.  It was a WOW, that is the creamiest hummus in the world!!  And I can say that since I have eaten hummus in several countries around the world.  But wait!  The pita, should be referred to as food of the angels.  It was the lightest, fluffiest and tenderest pita I could have dreamed of, but even better.  I immediately thought that one would not be enough, although I actually was stuffed before I got close to finishing my meal.  I did find the hummus to be a bit salty and I like a lot of salt.  My friend said that with the vegetable added, it balanced out the saltiness for her.  All the same, I will forever be disappointed with any other hummus from now on since I don't live near a Dizendorf:(  Hey, got any plans to open one in Atlanta?  Call me:)Crispy chicjen skin sprinkled with dill and is that tamarind chutney under? Whatever it was... it was magic. They don't serve hummus like this in California, and I am extremely sad about that :(Considering I go here for lunch once a week, I would say I love Dizengoff. I wouldn't even call myself a big hummus fan but the hummus here is fantastic. I was skeptical at first for "only" having hummus as a meal but believe me, this is filling (and you can get an extra pita for $1). 
I also love how they have different types of hummus and it changes up every day (my favorites so far are the chicken and fried chick pea hummus). Now that I am typing this, I want Dizengoff for lunch today.
4 stars because it can be hard to get a seat. Otherwise, amazing.My go-to quick spot in Philadelphia. The hummus with lamb and all that comes with it is probably my favorite dish in the city.
Please bring back the steak and other meats I see from your early Instagram posts! And roasted mushrooms.
Best hummus I've had. Up there with anything I tried in Israel. Also loved the roasted chicken with horseradish tehina and pickled red cabbage. One of the absolute best ones I've ever had.Go. Go, go, go, go! Like right now, or tomorrow or just really as soon as you can. ESPECIALLY if you can go on a day when the brisket hummus is on the daily menu! The cucumber salad, pickles and pita that come with the hummus is BOMB.I had no idea pita and hummus could be a satisfying meal, but thanks to Dizengoff I have been enlightened!
I tried the beef stew and found it to be one of the best I've had at a restaurant. No stringy, chewy chunks of beef here. Just moist, fork-tender beef that went perfectly with the hummus both in texture and flavor. The thick, creamy hummus was made even better by the soft, puffy homemade pita. And don't forget the house made pickles and salad! The tart cucumber salad was a refreshing accompaniment in-between bites of beef stew hummus. 
My only complaints are that I would have liked the pita to be larger, and the beef stew could have benefited from more salt. All in all, these are minor complaints and I undoubtedly enjoyed my meal. If you're in the area and like Mediterranean flavors, give Dizengoff a try!It would be an understatement to say this place has a few kinks to work out. Yeah, I get it. The new kid on the block is all the rage, so everyone is flocking there (including me) for lunch. Everyone is waiting in line at least 15 minutes to order. Everyone is then waiting an additional 10 minutes for their food to come out. But did everyone else finally leave with food in hand, only to realize 5 minutes later they didn't get any pita? Did I do something wrong? Did I forget to say "Hey, I want some pita with that hummus, yo"? No, I surely didn't forget to say it, and given that all orders are supposed to come with pita (Hummus For Dummies), I was disappointed to realize that mine was forgotten. Back at the restaurant (now 30 minutes into my lunch break and still hangry), the woman who was assembling the to-go bags gave me an odd look as if I had just demanded her first born. No lady, I just want my pita. Two actually, since I paid for two orders of hummus. And the hummus itself? Not that good. I mean, it was OK. But for $9-$10 per serving, it should be better than OK. Nothing about this place is memorable for me, except for the long line I waited in for mediocre hummus and no pita.Update - came here with my friend after flywheel and we split the spicy cabbage hummus. So amazing. This place is the best EVER. Staff is so friendly too!Amazing food from the folks at Zahav. I've gotten the tehina hummus and pita twice and have not been disappointed. The pita is fluffy and chewy, surprisingly filling with the creamy hummus. The side of pickled veggies was a pleasant addition (included) and balances out the platter nicely. Food comes quick too and haven't had to wait long in line so perfect for on-the-go lunch.I was blown away by the food here and I didn't even eat in! My brother brought home take out which included the eggplant hummus and the brisket hummus, pita and saltim. While I don't eat red meat, I devoured the eggplant hummus and literally could not stop stuffing my face with the deliciousness that sat in that bowl. The hummus was so earthy and smoky and had  such great flavor. The pita were amazing; even cold, they were incredible!!!!!!
I simply cannot wait to try the food from here fresh. What an amazing place!!! Majestic, Zahav and chef Michael Solomon!!!!! A true gem!!!Super tasty, incredibly quick, and utterly unique to lunch spots in Center City.Tried Dizengoff a couple weeks ago for the first time.  The hummus is amazing!  I wish they would offer grilled chicken or some sort of swarma with it, but if you are in the mood for hummus, this is the place to go.  Definitely ask for an extra peice of pita as one is not enough.Hummas to go? Healthy and filling. Love that the menu is constantly changing. 
If you have a chance to try the cauliflower you must! If not ask the chef for whatever is the current best. Always get extra pita won't regret it.Yes, yes, yes this hummus is DELICIOUS. Big fan of hummus so I come here often. Really doesn't get any better than a platter of hummus and warm pita. Don't go for dinner, they are usually out of the good stuff (or all stuff).Yum!! Finally got the chance to check this place out when I was out shopping with a friend mid-afternoon. We were hungry and wanted to split something.. this was the perfect choice! We opted for the regular tahini hummus with extra pita, but I was seriously eyeing the other menu options and will definitely be back to try the more unusual hummus concoctions. The place is small and cozy, but we were able to snag a spot at a table. 
The hummus is perfection- so creamy, flavorful, and a good size too. The pita bread is delishhh, warm and fluffy. For 1 dollar, it's definitely worth getting your own! The hummus comes with a cucumber salad and some pickled veggies to munch on on the side. For 10 bucks, it seems a bit pricey for hummus, but we were full and happy when we left so that's all that matters. Can't wait to come back soon!The pita is good. Music and decor are fun too, although suspiciously reminiscent of a famous Israeli restaurant called "Mahneyuda".  
The "salad" was stale, lazily cut cucumbers and tomatoes. The onions were weirdly pickled.  
If you like hummus with your cumin, than this is the place for you. My experience is that when one adds tons of cumin to hummus, its usually to cover up bad choices in tahini and/or the hummus beans. 
Anyway, won't see me back here. 
Two stars for the pita and atmosphere. One star for the rest of the food.Simply good. In every sense. The menu and dishes are simple and delicious. Love the fact that you're watching the pita bake right there. I can't wait to come back!Amazing food, feels like I'm in Israel! Pita was fluffy, warm, and endless. The hummus was perfect with a sprinkle of z'atar and some oil. Not to mention the pickles were delicious as well as the fresh, cucumber salad. Definitely a future go to, this will always be my first stop whenever I'm in Rittenhouse. YUM!!Ahhhh! HOW does Solomonov get his hummus SO DARN CREAMY and DELICIOUS?!?!?! And did he master the art of pickling? I foresee a forthcoming hummus party as the result of experimenting to create Zahav/Dizengoff-style hummus and I could eat the pickled veggies alllll day.
Can't speak to the establishment itself, as today I dined on take-out acquired by another, other than to say that I was sadly disappointed last time I made an attempt to dine-in ('cause they were sold out...sold out sadness!!).
In any case, all four hummuses on the menu today were fabulous. I think the lamb and the hominy were my favorite. The lamb itself was well-cooked and so flavorful: it paired perfectly with the hummus. Loved the blue corn in the hominy hummus: fun texture addition! The beet hummus was solid, too: beets were cooked to the perfect tenderness (not too hard, not too soft), and had a nice, not-too-sweet flavor. And of course no one can go wrong with the traditional hummus, particularly on Dizengoff's fluffy pita bread: more like naan than pita you'd pick up in the supermarket.
Will definitely return, though for elevensies, 'cause apparently by 11:26AM the line was out-the-door!I loved this place and it would give this place 5 stars one year ago. I fell in love with this place as soon as I had my first bite of the pita. 
However, I has been very disappointed given its recent changes. I took out one of the stars because they significantly reduced the portion size in both the hummus and the pita. The other star is because of the inconsistency of its pita quality (used to be consistently good, but now it's either burned or undercooked). Hopefully the owner can pay attention to these issues and bring back old customers.It's a small but really hip place with the BEST humus in the city. I got the humus with kidney beans and thought it was miles better than Zahav's. The pita was tearing off effortlessly and cucumbers were a pleasure to eat. 
Well seasoned sides, creamy hummus from the heavens and muslin-like pita - Dizengoff is officially my new favorite Israeli food joint. 
Tip: if you go close to 4 pm on Saturdays (when they close the kitchen) and ask for an extra pita half way through your meal they might just give it to you for free! ! They usually have excess that they can't use for dinner.This is definitely one of the best lunch spots in center city. You get an amazing, fresh baked pita, served up with a generous serving of creamy hummus, and a side of pickles/Israeli salad. The hummus offering rotate regularly and there is a huge variety of meaty and vegetarian options. I'm always surprised how full I am after a meal of just hummus, but it really is a feast. As a warning though, it tends to be crowded during prime lunch hours and seating inside is very limited. Plan accordingly or do takeout. In my experience, the food is not diminished by taking it back to the office or to a nearby park. Definitely check this out.Great Israeli cuisine.   Not a lot of seating but the bread and meats on really good hummus are fantasticI'm totally in love with this place! The hummus is so creamy! I've tried the pickle hummus, pepper walnut, and cabbage & pinenuts hummus. They never fail to disappoint. Definitely check this place out!!Loved it. Kicking outsells for not coming here earlier. 
Wanted to have the lamb hummus but it was not on the menu. Had the chicken hummus and the it was very good. The pittas are fresh and really good. Neighbour had the cucumber hummus. It too was out of the world.I came to know Dizengoff in an unorthodox manner; recently, my wife and I were at the coffee/donut shop across the street from their Center City Philly store on Sansom St when I had an unexpected restroom "emergency".
Donut shop sent me to see Max at Dizengoff who kindly permitted me to use his restroom. Aside from Dizengoff's gracious mannerisms, their shop has the best tasting Hummus around as well as their Pita breads all of which can be paired with a soft drink, water, or beer. 
So, when near the Sansom St (near 12th) store, stop into Dizengoff's to enjoy their freshly made Hummus and Pita bread. A variety of their Hummus dishes can also be prepared to GO. Dizengoff's super friendly shop keepers are always eager to assist with your orders and strive to please. Thank you Max!Sure, it's a little pricy for hummus, but it was delicious....  enjoyed the cucumber version.  Unfortunately I went on a whim with some folks at work and did not realize I should have ordered the extra pita!  So lesson learned - always check the reviews on YELP.......  If you want a place to sit, get there early.There should always be THIS hummus among us !
Cream-a-licious hardly does it justice.   
An utterly gratifying lunch.   Shared plates with a friend - the kale and the sweet potato were equally wonderful.  Be sure to use the wet spicy stuff in the jar on the table and the oregano/dried herbs combo ... both kick up the flavor fest in your mouth several notches!
Go here at an off-time (we did an 11a Saturday lunch) as it will get crowded quickly and it's a small place.  
Every server/staff member is kind and the service is extremely fast. 
Can't say enough good things.  Will be back for take-out given that they are within walking distance from work.I have attempted to eat at Dizengoff twice, both times very close to when they close at 4pm, (if they haven't run out of hummus yet!) The second time, on Black Friday, turned out to be a success. So, I did not have to deal with any lunch rush, line, or wait, which was awesome. I love the feel of the place and the rotating menu - my boyfriend and I split two different vegetarian hummus kinds, one with Tabuleh salad and one with Tahini. 
The hummus and pita came quickly to our table, with a few pickled items and a bit of salad. If you have ever had the hummus at Zahav, you are aware of the ridiculously creamy and delicious texture that is possible with this hummus. If you have not, be prepared to be amazed. It is seriously some of the best hummus I have ever had. I found the amount of food to be perfect and didn't feel like a second pillowy pita was necessary, although I am sure that I could have managed to eat one! 
We felt a tiny bit rushed just because they were closing up and we were the last customers in the place, but that wasn't a problem. Honestly, my only problem is the price. I know it's right in center city and has a chef's name attached, but chickpeas don't cost $9-11. If this place was a couple bucks cheaper, I would probably come all the time. However, I'm still looking for an excuse to go back ASAP.