If you are from NJ or NY and are looking for an authentic SUB sandwich- come to Dolce Carini. The bread is amazing and the lettuce is sliced so thin, it makes for a great sandwich. You won't be dissapointed.My work ordered pizza from here and I was pleasantly surprised.  I had a slice of the philly cheese steak, which tasted as close to a cheese steak as a pizza could get.  I would probably add some grilled onions to it next time.  The other slice I had was white pizza with broccoli and garlic.  The flavor was powerful in an oh so delicious way!
All in all the place is a quality standard pizza shop in center city.In general pizza in Philly is really amazing. I am not sure why NY pizza is so popular. Philly should be! Even this humble local pizzeria makes amazing pizza. 
I always get their creamy spinach pizza. Their Alfredo sauce is really good. It's simple but has so much flavor. It's perfect with baked spinach. The pizza crust is so crunch and delicious. I never Thorpe away their edge. Yum yum yum.Coming from NY, I have high standards for pizza. I have found my go-to place in Philly, but I got a caviar coupon and this was one of the few pizza place options. I ordered a medium cheese pizza, onion rings and mozzarella sticks. The pizza had a ton of cheese on it and wasn't cooked enough, so the cheese was melted but not bubbly. The crust was basically tasteless. I ate a second slice when it was cold and it tasted a bit better. I asked for well done onion rings but instead got regular done-ness and the breading was falling off as I was eating them. The one good thing was the mozzarella sticks, but I'm assuming they aren't made in house. Maybe ordering slices there would be a better experience, but overall, I won't be ordering from here again.. Especially for the price ($27 after the $10 coupon).Solid tomato pies. A decent white pizza. Lots of great toppings. My fave place in Philly to order pizza. Nothing else around compares.I stopped in for lunch and they had a special ... two slices and a small soda for a decent price. So I bit. It was actually pretty good - reminded me of a NY slice.
So ... I decided to order a large sicilian pie for delivery one night. First off - I asked that the delivery be for 5:15P .. naturally ... they arrived at 4:20 to deliver the pizza. They called ... I answered and let them know the delivery was for 5:15. They informed me that they would deliver my pizza after dropping off other deliveries. Not exactly what I wanted since I assumed I would be delivered a soggy and cold pizza.
It arrived around 5:30 ... still warm (since it was sitting in the standard delivery bag) ... but of course, the bottom of the pizza was a bit more 'wet' than I would've liked. 
Outside of the delivery issue - how was the pizza? Meh .. I've had better.
The bottom of the pie had a slightly burned (not charred) taste. The dough wasn't as delicious as I would've liked. More like ... cardboard ... but edible ...
Copious amounts of mozz on top along with requisite sauce. 
But for $18 including delivery + tip? No thanks. 
I really wish La Rosa delivered to me =(Pizza slices were huge and tasted good. Stromboli was huge and tasted good.  Philly Cheese steaks were good.  Lost a star because I had to pay for parking, and it took so long to get my stromboli, I had to pay for an extra 30 minutes.I've been going to Dolce for 14 years and it is still my favorite pizza place.  It's hard to beat the 2 slice special with fountain soda (and free refills).  Many of the workers have worked their many years, so in some ways it feels like a family.  It is much busier during the day with the lunch crowd than in the evenings, but even at lunch time it is quick service and they bring the pizza to your seat.  The buffalo chicken pizza is good and they have a nice variety of choices.  They also deliver.5 stars is for the cheese pizza, which I had at a work baby shower.  Best crust ever.  It was perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside but a little chewy too.  The crust was just the right thickness, not too thin or doughy and held the tasty tomato sauce and cheese perfectly.   
I need to go back soon and confirm that this is the best pizza I've ever had!I really like the Pizza here.  A simple pie, with not-too-sweet sauce (I am not a sweet sauce fan, and sweet sauce is definitely a thing in Philly).  This is probably one of my favorites places to get a pizza with just a few toppings or plain cheese (I usually get my specialty pies elsewhere and have not tried the specialty pies here yet...but I will!).  They are always generous with their toppings and never skimp on the cheese!  The sauce to topping to cheese ratio is pretty much always spot on!
I also enjoy their mega fries, pizza fries, or buffalo fries!
They have good chicken wings as well.  Not the best, but if you have a hankering for wings, theirs will hit the spot.
Fast delivery, very friendly staff and the prices aren't bad to boot!
I wish they were open a little later, at least on the weekends, sometimes I like a late night za!This review is for their speciality pizzas. If you like your pizza soggy from sauce overdose, this is your place. Sadly, I don't.Solid, no-frills, basic delicious pizza.  Sometimes I don't want fancy pizza with truffles and a poached egg, I just want a plain cheese or pepperoni pizza.  Sometimes I just want a super garicky white pizza with spinach.  Mmmm delicious.
Dolce Carini does the above and they do it well.  There's not that many places around 20th Street to get a solid pie or pizza by the slice for lunch or dinner.  The only issue I have with this place is that they are not open late night, but when you are a little drunk and looking for late night pizza, any place (even gross Tower) will do.  For lunch or dinner when I want good pizza, I'll stop over here to get my fix!I cater lunch every Friday for my office and often call Dolce. They are able to make between 30-35 pizzas for us with fairly short notice and they're always delicious. The buffalo chicken pizza is a favorite as well as the Philly cheese steak pizza. I'll definitely keep ordering from here.Just get the Tomato Pie with Cheese.  LIke others have said, it is incredible.  w This is my go-to pizza delivery spot.  Loses one star, cause their wings are terrible.  Hopefully they fix that.My sister used to live two blocks from here, so Dolce Carini quickly became a favorite for Tomato Pie. Delicious!! The plain tomato pie with cheese is great, we normally got it with cheese and pepperoni. 4 stars for the tomato pie
Stopped in to eat once with a friend and had a stromboli that was tough as bricks, and they had given me a plastic fork a knife. I asked for a real knife, which they gave me, and I could still barely cut through it. I barely ate the thing because it was so difficult. Loses 1 star for this incident, but I just learned to just stick to the tomato pieThe food is decent and priced ok. The pizza can be extremely greasy.Loved it! Fast delivery, awesome cheese pizza but more notably was how
great their wings were! Definitely ordering from them again for Super Bowl weekend!I have ordered from Dolce Carini for two years and never had a problem with my food.  I usually order the sausage tomato pie (YUM-ME). Always hot. Always delicious. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger once.  It was so wonderful.  
--DELIVERY--
I'm finally posting a review because I ordered a sandwich, fries and soda. When my order arrived (within the time they said it would, by the way), my sandwich and fries were hot and my soda was cold.  Did I mention that the night before it snowed several inches and was about 20 degrees out?
--FOOD--
I ordered a chicken cheesesteak.  I always ask that preparers scoop the extra bread from the roll.  So when I got the sandwich, it was HUGE. I thought they had failed to scoop the roll.  Not so.  The sandwich was so stuffed with meat, it made the sandwich appear ginormous!  Then add to that hot and gooey cheese. I'm salivating just writing this!
--SERVICE--
The service has always been straightforward. Not poor. Not obnoxious.  I guess when you know you're providing your patrons with decent food at a decent price, you don't have to act all fake nice. I prefer that.
Go.Ordered delivery when I was in town for work. Fast delivery (Wednesday night). 
Tomato pie with sausage and mozzarella was a bit undercooked, as the crust couldn't stand on it's own.
Fried zucchini were crispy, but tasteless.
Wouldn't recommend.Had a Hawaiian pizza here last night.  Have to agree with another post that recommended more basil, oregano, other spices in the sauce. Was a little bit bland.
Probably would not go back.the eggplant parm was pretty darn good - well cooked to me. That means the eggplant wasn't bitter or leathery. never disappointed.A Damn good Cheesesteak that's meaty and flavorful !!!!I Really can't speak for the food. I only had an order of fries. I wouldn't normally think to post a review for a local pizza shop, but I had to. 
The reason I'm giving this place 5 stars is because the guys here are really cool. I came on a slow time so there weren't many people in here, but they shook hands with the few people that came in, asked about their family, and kept a smile on their face. I wouldn't give 20th and chestnut a community feel, but this place felt like a pretty cool community spot.
.....if only they had vegan pizza.....Great spot for a quick bite. Best to call ahead, because if you stop in for lunch and order something besides pizza, you will find yourself waiting outside for your food to get ready, there is simply not a lot of space for dining. 
The food itself is good, cheesesteaks are above average and pizza is better than most in the area.Ordered delivery from here the other day for lunch. Just got a medium red pizza with mozzarella. The thing with pizza and delivery is that you never know what to expect when it arrives. When the pizza arrived it was hot and looked great. The overall taste was average but nothing to rave about. The pizza was thin and then it got thicker towards the crust. The crust had a nice consistency of chewy and crunchy. I am not too sure where all the excellent reviews came from. Maybe it was because I ordered delivery and did not eat the pizza right out of the oven. Will be trying Dolce Carini out again.   
Overall decent pizza and prices. Looks a little better than it is. Would recommend this place to someone looking for a pie and I myself will be eating here again.Closest thing to NY pizza you'll get, it's not even close. So good. The owners were so nice, the service was great, and it was great quality. Really a hidden gem, only wish they were open later but can't recommend them enough.Good pies, fries and steaks oh my!I have been a loyal customer of Dolce Carini  for the past year. I have time and again shelled out almost $8 for 6 mozzarella sticks with a smile. Simply because Dolce has the best sticks in a 5 block radius, and I don't get much time for lunch. 
However, today is the last time I will step foot into this overpriced- over hyped pizza joint. I called in my order of Mozzarella sticks, I waited till 1:45, so I could avoid the lunch rush. When I went to pick my order up, I was on the receiving end of some of the worst service I have ever received. At the counter no one asked me how could they help me. I stood there for about 2 minutes and finally got the attention of the woman at the counter. I told her my name and my order. After getting that information from me, she proceeded to turn around to her computer and answer the phone. Now understand that a restaurant can be busy, so I waited a few minutes. Still she didn't get my order, but proceeded to tend to her computer screen and take calls. Another woman working there walked by and I asked fro her help. She was ABOUT to help me but the first lady told her that she was helping me. At that point she turned back to her computer and phone AGAIN. So I told her that I had to go back to work, and I just needed to pay for my order. She goes to get the order, hands it to me, takes my $20, and then answers the phone, and gets back on her computer.  She finally hands me my change, and when I told her that this was very poor customer service she said something that I wont write here. At that point I said I want my money back. I will not allow you to treat me poorly and take my money. Lets just say it took me another 7 minutes to get my money back. I asked the lady what her name was, she refused to tell me. Them I asked for a manager. She said she was the manager. I was appalled at such behavior.This is surprisingly one of the few places I've been able to find pasta fagioli in this city outside a fancy sit down restaurant.  It definitely hits the spot too.  The pizza is definitely good and it's a great value.The best pizza by the slice in the city and one of the few normal pizza shops left in Rittenhouse Square. Cheesesteaks are huge and yummy. The staff are pleasant and delivered food is always hot and fresh.
Please check out my tip.Small hidden pizza joint on Chestnut St in Philly. This was my first visit. They have a lot of specialty slices to pick from. I ordered a chicken California--tomato, chicken and ranch (heavy on the tomato). It was very good. People I was with ordered the chicken cheesesteak, white with broccoli slice and a wrap and nobody raved or ranted. We were all satisfied. There is plenty of seating and the staff were friendly.In the Rittenhouse area, Dolce Carini is definitely one of the better pizzerias if you're looking for delivery or pizza by the slice, though from previous experience, the Sicilian pies aren't that great. 
Mega Fries [$6.90] 
Bacon, cheddar, mozzarella
If you're going full-on heart-clog, try their mega fries. Creamy whiz, tons of mozzarella, and crispy bits of bacon was interspersed throughout the well-seasoned fries. Be sure to have your Lipitor prescription on standby.
Eggplant Parmigiana Sandwich [$7.50]
Fresh, crusty bread was filled with oven-roasted eggplant that wasn't overly breaded. Mozzarella covered it all, with a tart marinara dressing on top. Not bad.
Tomato White Pizza [$17.15]
Dolce Carini being a pizzeria, I had to order some. Looking for creamy garlic and cheese flavors, I went with a white pie. This thin-crust pizza was fragrant with garlic and was studded with ripe tomatoes, which lent some acidity to each bite.
So if you're in the Rittenhouse area, pop on into Dolce Carini for a few slices and don't hesitate to try their garlic knots or sides.No complaints. A solid pizza joint with a lot of different slice options.
I'm a bit of a pizza snob though and this whore has her favorites.
I had the California slice (tomatoes, fried chicken, + bacon) and a Taco slice.
Usually I forbid such Frankenstein concoctions from bastardizing the seduction of a true slice. But I was never there before and was overwhelmed by the slice selection so I just pointed at what my stomach told me to. 
A good place to hate yourself after eating way too much pizza.Love their tomato pie pizza.  Also great Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteaks are great.  Excellent place with a great staff.I agree 100% with Alex -skip the pizza in favor of the tomato pie with cheese  - it is great!   the pizza is only ok.Solid 3.5 stars
Chicken Dolce Carini: delicious hot sub with chicken pieces grilled with mushrooms pepperoni peppers and onions! Great hoagie bread and overall a tasty (but oily and a bit heavy) sandwich!
Pizza was alright with a tasty crust that lacked perfect strength (a bit soggy). The cheese ratio was a bit high, contributing to the heavy load on the crust.
Was more impressed with the sandwich than the pizza. The pizza search continues!ordered an hour and a half ago. delivery calls, is at address across town. restaurant took down the wrong address. they laughed a bit and told me to wait another 30 minutes. thanks for the $20 congealed pizza and 2 hour wait. you dudes are a joke.As much as I LOVE their pizza, I am compelled to give only one star.  Yes, their tomato pie with cheese is out of this world.  But their service is DEPLORABLE.  Not only, are they only open until 9pm (even on the weekends) but I have, on a number of occasions, called up to 15 minutes before 9pm and they've told me they are closed and refused to take my order. If you happen to be in the neighborhood and you're lucky enough for them to be open, stop in for a slice.  Otherwise, it's not worth the ag.  Unfortunately, they don't seem like the type of establishment that cares what people say about them on yelp, as they clearly don't give a shit about customer service.Visiting the Philadelphia area is always a treat. Due to the 6 hour schlepp to this amazing city of brotherly love, our hunger pains warranted the least-preferred method of culinary experiences - DELIVERY.  Philadelphia, with it's cornucopia of cultural possibilities, our options were reduced to scattered take-out menus and a near 'EENY MEENIE MINIE MOE' final decision. With five members to this cast of "Hungry's," Dolce Carini became the majority vote due to it's broader menu appeal. 40 minutes after we ordered, the doorbell rang and the bags were all unloaded and paid for. Without going into a thorough amount of detail, suffice it to say that I might have preferred eating the bags the food came in over what I ordered. Our collective choices were: A Tossed Salad, Margarita and a Veggie Delight Pizzas, 12 piece Boneless Buffalo "wings" (they were really McDonald sized nuggets) and a Turkey Club. The nuggets were soggy, as were both pizzas. Let's just put it this way, you'd find more crunch in a bowl of pudding than you would in either of the Dolce Carini Pizza crusts we ordered. Sadly, the seemingly impossible-to-ruin Turkey Club sandwich featured processed, turkey...the kind that makes you squeal, "WTF WAS THAT?" so because of that fact, the sandwich failed big-time. The winner (and this is only a guess since all of our appetites were broken by now) was most likely the salad since, really, how can you Fcuk up a salad? Maybe we should have seen how. Sorry, this spot gets our STAMP OF DENIAL and recommends that you bypass Carini veloce!I've only ever ordered delivery from here, so I can't comment on dining in.  With that said, we've ordered pizza from here numerous times because it's convenient and relatively cheap.  The pizza is OKAY, nothing to write home about.  I find that the best pizza is simply the plain one- that one is actually very tasty with just the right amount of sauce and cheese.  Once they start adding toppings, however, it becomes soggy and laden with grease and hard to pick up- no added crunch in the crust at all.  Avoid the veggie one that's literally raw white onions and a few measly green bell peppers.
As for the other food, we recently ordered lunch here and I decided to opt for something else other than greasy pizza.  The chicken pesto & red pepper Panini sounded tasty, as did the pasta fagioli soup.  
For one, delivery took longer than the allotted 45 minutes to an hour that we were expecting.  Secondly, my chicken Panini was impossible to eat without falling apart into a heaping mess. Rather than thinly slicing or cubing the chicken and pressing it into the Panini, they basically took 2 monstrous pieces of  dry chicken breast and slapped it on toasted bread with pesto.  The pieces were not cut at all and were so gigantic, they slid right off so I had to eat all the components separately.  The fries were soggy, not crunchy, and lacked salt.
Additionally, the pasta fagioli soup was absolutely horrendous.  The broth was SO thick but not in a good, creamy way.  No meat at all (which is fine) but the noodles were scarce.  It tasted like a can of Progresso soup that had been left out for too long.  I got a giant cup of it and only had less than a fourth and had to throw the rest away.I don't know why people are hating on their pizzas, they have a vast selection of pizzas. Thin crust, thick crust, vegetable, heart attack on dough, you name it.
They are open till fairly late and they are always fast which is a plus.
One thing that bothers me is the fact that I'll sometimes say that I don't want my pizza to be hot because I'm in a hurry and it will still be hot so I can't wolf it down.
*Look for their "unicorn" taco pizza, it's an elusive animal that is worth the hunt.I have mixed feelings about Dolce Carini, and here's why:
Their pizza is actually pretty good.  I have had a hard time finding good take-out pizza in the neighborhood, and was happy to see that they have big slices, which taste pretty good.  I'm not saying they're the absolute best, but I enjoy them.
Their fries are good too - a big portion, not too much salt, just right.
I am a bit gripey about their prices, though.  Two slices and fries were almost ten dollars, since slices are almost 3 dollars each.  I know they are large, and this is a city-ish price, but I think I'd enjoy them more if they were in the $2.25-$2.50 range instead.  
So, not bad, but not mindblowing.  A 3/5 seemed appropriate.I am staying at a hotel and needed some dinner last night, but didn't feel like going out. The front desk gave me a few suggestions on pizza places that will deliver but the reviews weren't very good on here. I came across this place and checked out their menu. Their pizza selections are vast! I had a hard time choosing, but I ended up ordering a small buffalo chicken and two sodas. The man on the phone was very nice and said he'd be here in 35 minutes. Just 20 minutes later I got a call on my cell phone saying he was in the lobby! I was so thankful he brought me plates and napkins too! The pizza was amazing, I couldn't stop eating it until the whole thing was gone!!! Try this place out, you won't regret it!Just had a "Taste of Philly" catered lunch at our office - cheese steaks, chicken cheese steaks, caesar salad (with chicken breast chunks on the side to add in), fresh fruit platter, individually wrapped pretzels, TASTYCAKES and more.
Very well done - and a nice change from pizza, pizza,pizza.
That said - at an April 2012 lunch we had the tomato pie (square pie covered in chunky sauce with circles of fresh mozz.) - sooooo good!Ordered the Brooklyn pie and wings for delivery. The wings were burnt and some of the wings obviously were not even de-feathered properly!! Wtf?! 
The pie was ok. Not terrible, but not something that could be called "good" either. 
This is the first time I've ordered from here. Decided to try it out because of the good reviews it has. Don't know if my experience was just a rare bad one , but it was bad enough that I won't be giving it a second try.Delivery took an hour and a half and my pizza was cold and SUPER soggy by the time it got to me. I'm bummed to say the least. I can't hardly eat it, and I'm not a picky eater.I'll admit---partner-in-crime and I are pizza snobs. We're Brooklyn-based, after all.
Cheese pizza was okay. It wasn't crispy enough and it was a little too soggy. I would probably try something else next time. But the cheesesteak pizza? Spot on. It was cooked to perfection and delicious. Plenty of steak on the pizza. Honestly we were both surprised at how good it was we ordered another slice. (And sadly split it.)
Service was pretty good as well but it was very tight/crowded in there.Normally, I just go and pick up couple slices of the spinach and mushroom pizza, which is great here. However, I decided to eat more healthy and ordered online for pick up the veggie wrap and jalapeno poppers. The jalapeno poppers were crispy and excellent. Although I'm not a big fan of veggie wraps, I really enjoyed this veggie wrap, which was loaded with cooked vegetables and tasted really good. If looking for a non-pizza vegetable only option, I would definitely consider the veggie wrap (mushrooms, spinach, broccoli, roasted peppers, green peppers, tomatoes & onions). Ordering online was simple and convenient.Went here a few days ago their pizza is so good.. haven't tried anything else yet but nice decent place..Love the white pizza at this joint.  Convenient when you need a pick me up slice to help you get through the week. Good sizeFor some reason I like my pizza by the slice.  It just tastes better reheated and for me to tackle a whole pie for delivery is just to much pizza and my better 1/2 isn't a huge pizza fan.
 They have abut 10 different choices when you walk in.  I opted for bbq chicken and then a mushroom slice.  Solid pizza here. I am old fashioned when it comes to pizza... Pizza is supposed to be pepperoni, mushroom, sausage etc... no fancy goat cheese and pistachio pizza, no snobbish white pie with feta and a cracked egg cooked in a special 1000 degree oven... Really.  Keep it simple stupid.  Dolce does that.so i'm kind of a pizza purist. Cheese pizza is awesome to me. And Dolce's pizza is great! When i was in college i lived a couple blocks away and would go to Dolce about twice a week. They had a lunch special, 2 slices of pizza and a fountain drink and it was like $6 or something. I dunno. But they have such good pizza. And the guys who run the place are really nice. I only wish they had a little more space to work in.
So now i live in Austin TX and i soooo miss the kind of pizza that you find in NY and NJ, and at Dolce Carini. Anytime i'm up there, i always try to swing byI have finally found my favorite pizza place!  Grew up in NYC and moved to Texas in 1978...the land of Pizza Hut and Dominos.... Now I've been back here since Mar 2016 and have had a hard time finding pizza oven Pizza...until tonight!  . Best pizza ever...thanks!Very good pizza.  Nice thin crust that was crisp and hot.  The right amount of cheese and flavorful toppings.  Stopped in for lunch.  They were busy but had plenty of people to keep things moving.  I would go back.While commuting from the northeast, this is one of my most frequent places to go so far. The fries are crispy, and the pizza is delicious with a nice balance between the cheese and sauce. The sicillian pizza I tried was okay. Then again, Sicilian pizza isn't my thing. The decor is nice, and there is a nice daily special of two slices and a soda which I usually get. Another thing, FREE REFILLS!!!!! I come here almost every week.Super sweet staff ran us over a yum cheese pizza just 40 minutes before closing when we figured out WE had messed up our online order. This place is just super sweet.Really not sure what happened to this place... it used to be my go-to. Ordered twice from here in the last few months and both times I was left unhappy and frustrated.  What once was my favorite place to get an Italian hoagie is now on my list of "don't order" joints.  Staff is friendly and super accommodating so I really do feel bad dropping only two stars.  However, food just isn't what it used to be.  
A couple months ago I was craving a Sicilian pie.  Boyfriend never had one so it was a no-brainer.  We ordered and it was so overcooked we each had a piece of the middle and had to toss the rest.  Total waste of money.  Whoever took it out of the oven and/or packaged it obviously didn't care about sending out and delivering a burned pie.  Quality of food is #1 on my list and burning a pizza to where the bottom is nearly black shows their lack of concern for serving quality food. If they are serving food that they SEE is sub-par, what could they be serving that is not visible? My thoughts: if you won't eat it or feed it to your family... don't serve it to customers. 
Anyway, against my better judgment, i decided to go back to my "Italian hoagie roots" and order a hoagie last week.  Mayo on the hoagie and mayo on the side.  Guess what happened with this delivery? Hoagies came dry and nothing on the side.  (If you're a mayo hoagie gal like I am, you know that it makes or breaks the sub.) When I called back to ask what happened they generously offered to remake it- which i declined and just asked for a side of mayo. What happened next? I got 7 mayo packets (so foul) delivered in a bag.  Hot mayo packets are what nightmares are made of. A complete 180 from real deli mayo which is what should have been on the sub. Decided to eat the hoagie dry which was already soggy on top (watery lettuce and tomatoes). The part of the roll that wasn't mush was horrid.  Dry and crumbly and really disappointing. Can't have a great hoagie without a phenomenal roll.  Total fail. 
Sorry, Dolce, I'm out.During a weekday, this is probably the busiest pizza joint west of Broad. They have tons of daily pizzas, and offer the "2 slices of anything + a drink = $5.75" special that reels 'em all in. However, after about 130 PM, this place is a ghost town.
The pizza is good, but the crust is VERY floury, and the cheese gets a tad bit greasy. It's better made than nearby Towers, but there are spots like Lazaro's that really make Dolce futile in your regular pizza consumption.
One thing I will say is... on Tuesday nights, this is where all the open mic comedy club comics practice their routines in the seats. If eavesdropping/pity ever becomes a commodity, this is where you'll want to be to cash up.Pizza is great! We usually get some veggies or marinara and Philly cheese stake pizzas! My husband loves this place and prefers to call them for a delivery as the first option!Man I was so happy when I found out these guys deliver. I was starving and yes, that may be influencing how amazing I thought everything was, but I'd like to think that I've had enough freakin pizza by now that I can tell when someone does something right.
My beautiful wife and I ordered a buffalo chicken pizza and an eggplant parm sandwich. Side note- their "personal," size is basically the size of a normal small or medium from some other spots. Anyway, a personal is a good enough size for just one or two people. 
The buffalo chicken was loaded with chicken, hot sauce, and blue cheese. I loved it. I don't remember the crust being anything amazing, but the toppings were great and I loaded that thing up with crushed red pepper and went to town. Thank you DC, that was legit and I will order it again as soon as my wife is out of town and isn't monitoring my health as closely.
The eggplant parm-- also, awesome, taste was decent but I think I just really loved the size of this thing and how much sauce and cheese got thrown on, plus the breading on the eggplant, that was pretty solid. And it was just huge, chewy, melty, goodness all in one.
Improvements-- bros- add some spices and herbs to your dough, bread, and sauce. That is the extra mile you need to push you way to a 5 star spot. I'm talking oregano in your sauce, basil, garlic, etc. Or, if you're doing that already, we need to see more.So, we made some strange choices....pizza steak sans roll, gnocchi(my bf will order gnocchi from ANYWHERE), and mega fries.  
The sauce was super sweet, my bf doesn't complain about food, unless something is a strange consistency.  He legitimately only has very partial sense of taste and smell.  We both disliked our food, and it took far too long for the food to arrive.  I was shocked with the price, too.  Seriously, that bacon was not fresh, but then again on their menu it does state they use some frozen beef.The Sicilian pizza and the white pizza with fresh tomato are both amazingggg! This is by far the best pizza I have had in this area. I will definitely be coming back for more!I don't get all these post about this pizza being "just ok."  where are you guys going that's so much better because in my opinion this place is AMAZING as far as pizza in the city goes.  there is nothing gourmet about it.  just good fucking pizza.  and fries!! the only thing is their hours suck.  Dolce Carini!  can you please open on sundays?? or stay open later on weekends?  I love you!I really like this place. It's your typical NJ pizza shop in center city. All sorts of different pies with great sauces and cheese. I don't know what else they serve but don't really care, I'm always very happy grabbing two slices for lunch here. Since moving to Manayunk I haven't established a home base pizza place in town, but this is definitely my pizza headquarters downtown.Woohoo!! I have found my favorite pizza outside of NY! Delicious cheese slices, nice crumbly sausage on the sausage slices, and AMAZING tomato pie! There's really not too much else to say about it except for that I always get pizza here when I'm wandering around Center City/Rittenhouse and I'm hungry (interestingly, whenever I'm near Dolce Carini I seem to get hungry...)I fell victim to the trap of "2 slices and drink for $5.75" once, and let's just say the deal wasn't enough to bring me back.  There are better pizza places in the area and sure, the deal is pretty good, but more often then not, I'm willing to spend a little more for better quality. On the plus side, they have fairly large seating area which is nice for group lunches.  I'm saying that Dolce is bad, because it's not.  But in my opinion there are better pizza joints in the neighborhood that you should choose.As a pizza fanatic, I am always looking for the next best slice. Well let me tell you honey-this place has it. Their plain cheese pizza is hand-tossed, hot and delicious. They have different varieties such as taco pizza, buffalo chicken and barbecue chicken pizza, but I think the plain is the best. If you happen to be on lunch break and have a yen for pizza, stop by and give it a try.Googled nearby pizza places and this place popped up first. Ordered a slice of taco pizza and a slice of broccoli. WOW. Freaking delicious. Thin crust, crunchy and the flavor, my goodness! I will definitely be coming back here for the pizza. Service was very prompt and friendly as well!Best pizza I've had in Philly, not excluding the fancy pizza spots across from el vez.  Those two getting incredibly high ratings... I REALLY don't get it?  5 stars for burnt pizza with decent, yet forgettable service?
Dolce Carini is the best I've had as of late, by faaaaar.Holy cow. I live a block away from this joint and may never move because this place is so good.
The pizza is fantastic. Start with one of the best slices of plain cheese you'll ever have. 
They also have fantastic wings for cheap (a dozen for $8) and a pretty good cheesesteak too that'll do in a pinch. 
Don't listen to the whiny entitled brats on Yelp complaining about the service. All of their efforts go towards making delicious food, not kissing your behind.Delicious food, I love their white pizza and most of their salads. I order from here all the time (3-4 times a month) and I'm never disappointed. They're on Grubhub which is an added bonus. But what's really great is that they actually deliver on time, sometimes even before the order is supposed to be at my apartment! No other pizza place that I've tried in CC does that.This place was pretty dang good. I do not say that lightly as I am a human who can live only in pizza and chicken wings. I ordered the three near pizza and I did find it a bit odd that they used ground beef instead of sausage. It was different but still delicious. I sifted though tons of pizza place reviews but trust me, I think this is the one!!
I was visiting Philly for a week and I loved it so much I ordered from there twice! The chicken wings were amazing, not too small not too big. Just the perfect size and the perfect crisp. 12 delicious wings for $10. Can't beat that. They come in a aluminum container that you can simply toss in the toaster oven to reheat. If I could I'd eat their wings everyday. If I had to choose I'd order their wings over the pizza! 
Overall everything was delicious !!Best pizza I've had outside of New York, hands down.  I love my sister, I do- especially when she introduces me to places like this!  I've never seen the inside of it, but I don't need to- all I want is that hot, tasty pizza!  We were leaving Oh! Shea's and as it so happens, Dolce's literally right around the corner- I'm usually pretty unimpressed w/pizza outside of NY with a handful of exceptions (at least a couple of which I've reviewed here), but I'm a big fan of this place already.  
As I said, I've never actually seen this place so I couldn't tell you a thing about its architecture or dining area or even the service...but the pizza, oh mama, the pizza is excellent!
If you ever get a hankering for real NY style pizza and you're in the Philly area, you'll get no better than this.I like the eggplant tomato silce!
Great texture thin crust pizza. They also have thicker crust, but I haven't tried it.
A wonderful place to stop by for a quick meal. Simple but tasty.There from beginning of this business
The original family sold it 8 yrs ago per new owner. Always used the best ingredients and still do. Just ordered 4 lg pies for family visit. Incredible. The tomato pie w mozzarella and the best tomato sauce ever was a huge hit w all. Same for Brooklyn and sausage.  Will never ever have pizza in center city anywhere else. Delivery was quick and person was so polite and pleasant.  Name? Jaime.  
A very happy gramma!!!We usually order pizza from Pietros on Walnut ST.   It is not gourmet pizza but it is consistantly fresh and good.
A friend told me about Dolce Carini and tonight I thought we would give it a try.  We ordered a WHITE pizza.  To us, that means no tomato sauce. It had tomato sauce.  The cheese and tomato sauce kept sliding off of the dough.  That doesn't happen with the pizzas we order.
The worst part was the that the DOUGH was heavily salted, almost just too salty to eat.  Had we another option at the time, it  would have gone in the garbage.Their pizza is awesome.  After eating NY pizza for 5 years, this is the closest you're going to come in Philadelphia.  Their delivery service is extremely quick, and I always enjoy the pizza when it arrives.  A weekly favorite.Good pizza. We ordered delivery of the Philly cheese stake pizza and enjoyed it. We also ordered the jalapeño poppers but they call in about 20 minutes in to tell us ask that they were out of it. That was nice of them but the whole delivery suppose to be in 30 minutes. Still, they deserve another order or visit because it was good pizza.I love this place!! The staff is sooo incredibly friendly and the food is awesome!! Buffalo chicken cheesesteak is the absolute best!I got a steak platter and it was alright. The fries were too hard though and hurt my mouth. I didn't appreciate that. I hadn't been in this place in about 10 years (before they remodeled). I do like the new look and it's great that they have fountains on the outside of the counter. I fell for the small cup trap and sized up. I didn't notice the fountains. Even after I refilled I couldn't drink it because it was just so cold out. Good thing there's a liquor store a couple doors down.
Also, it's cool that they bring the food to the table. I'm not in the area often, but I may give Dolce Carini another try some day. And the pizza didn't look too good. Maybe it was the wrong time of day? I stopped by in the evening.