Great little authentic Italian cafe joint in the neighborhood. I came here to study for a few hours one day and it was great. I got a cappuccino and a breakfast sandwich and both were delicious. I also loved that I wasn't rushed out and paid the bill when I was leaving a few hours later, very relaxed European style which I love. The Italian background music was very pleasant and great background music for studying. I will definitely be studying here again.This place is amazing. The staff is friendly and i had a delicous cold matcha drink and a tasty cannoli. Its a beautiful store and a good place to relax. The prices are good too. I would reccommend this place.Stumbled upon this place and was SO happy with the results. The staff was so kind, helpful, patient, good vibes all around. My chamomile ginger tea was incredible and the cannolis (imported from Italy with D&C homemade cream) were to die for. Definitely worth a quick stop.Love it! So glad they are in the neighborhood. And they are open later than everyone else too, which is wonderful. Always friendly service, and the desserts are delicious.YAY!! One of my favorite coffee spots! The flavor is banging, the service is great, and the vibe is so hip and fun. The drinks are handmade to order, and my go-to is an Iced Dirty Chai. The baristas are precise in their craft, and it shows in the quality of their drinks.
In addition to banging coffee, espresso, and cold brew, the pastries, cookies, cakes and gelato are drool-worthy. It's a bright and airy neighborhood café, and totally a place I would hang on a rainy day. When the weather's right, there's sidewalk tables for enjoying your drink in the sun. They're also doggy friendly! Big plus.
Love this spot. There's lots of good coffee in Fishtown and NoLibs, but Dolce & Caffe can hang.This place is an amazing addition to Northern Liberties! Feels like you are in Italy. Cute interior. Excellent sandwiches and coffee. The cannolis were so yummy!I rarely write reviews but I had to write about this spot. I live in no libs and heard some buzz a while ago about dulce & cafe. Their pastries are fresh and well priced. We tried 3 different kinds - cannoli, cream puff and peanut butter cheesecake - the quality and flavor was consistent. Delicious! They also gave me a pistachio cookie. I don't eat pistachio cookies but even this cookie was excellent.Great spot!! Delicious food and was really quick to order. Beautifully decorated inside makes it a great day spot or place to take family.First time here... Was out looking for something sweet and stumbled into this nice little Italy style Cafe... clean, courteous and nice atmosphereOmg!!!! It is the best CANNOLI I ever had!!! Took my Mom and my very picky Russian friend to try the bakery goods and we were speechless!!!! Amazingly fresh and crunchy with perfectly creamy filling !!! Wow!!! Thank you!!!cappuccino. So good. And I don't drink coffee. I recently went to Italy and was told I have to drink espresso and cappuccino in Italy. Espresso is still too strong for me. But I actually learned to enjoy cappuccino. But when I came back to the US. Yuck. Starbucks cuppuccino? Yuck!
Dolce & Caffe? Yummm
I will be backThe Italian omelet crepe is AMAZING. Also drank cold brew, sampled gelato and brought home some almond treats. Can't wait to try everything else on their menu. Love it here already!I walked into this place bc black kettle doesn't open on Saturdays till 8. I'm glad I did! They have the best soy latte and they are open at 7am which is super convenientWhat a great surprise. Just walking down the street and decide to get some coffee. Stopped in and started talking with the owners. They gave us some samples while we were talking and decided that we had to just get some to take with us. These were probably the best tasting croissants and cannolis we ever had.  We will be back there tomorrow. Highly recommend anyone in the area to stop in and give them a try.Dolce & Caffe is a cute little shop located in NoLibs that specializes in Italian cafe food. I was seriously impressed with this location when I stopped in for gelato on Saturday. The caramel flavor was devine! Plenty of seating and friendly staff. Can't wait to stop by again and try some of their food menu. Highly recommend if you are in the area.This place is definitely a nice and cute Italian cafe with the sweetest people that works there. Came in the other day with my roommates and my best friend because we were hungover and was dying for some caffeine to start our day and to stay warm while we waited online for brunch across the street. The caramel macchiato and dirty chai was delicious however the drink was Luke warm rather than it being hot. It was pretty disappointing.I love this place so much! Like all other reviews have stated, the staff members are extremely nice and genuine! Every week, I look forward to the weekend so I can get their soy mocha and Italian cookies.  The whole vibe is peaceful, quaint, and friendly. I've come here to do work and do some wedding planning. Best addition to Northern Liberties, in my opinion.An amazing place. It's my first time and I'll definitely be going back. The food was so good and the staff were so friendly. It felt like family. Can't wait to go back!Amazing customer service! Great variety of gelato, authentic cannolis, coffee - all very well executed. Prices reasonable. Again, the customer service was superb. Patient with children and offered samples of gelato. Attentive staff encourage you to sit, relax and actually enjoy your time there.What A Lovely Treat! I was looking up vegan coffee spots nearby but decided to see if they offered almond milk. So glad I asked!!! I had the most delicious cappuccino with an extra shot of espresso. The woman working here gave exceptional customer service and made a delightfully rich cappuccino. I'll be back for sure!Love love love. Cutest little Italian cafe with VIBES. It seems family owned and the people are the sweetest.
I hesitantly ordered a Nutella latte because usually flavored drinks like that tend to be too sweet for me. It was PERFECTION - well technically still is because I'm still sipping on it as I write this review. The guy even wanted me to try it there so that he could remake it if it wasn't exactly to my liking. 
I haven't had the opportunity to eat here yet but will get on that stat and update this review! The pastries look extremely authentic and the omelette they were cooking when I walked in made me regret already having eaten. 
Will be back!Dolce & Caffè was delicious! The staff was very welcoming and the establishment was super clean. We accidentally stumbled across this place and glad we did!! I will make it a point to stop by and eat every Time I visit from AZ! Thanks for an awesome experience!I LOVE this place! Hands down my favorite cafe! I have been here numerous times with different people and we always love it. I always get the mocha iced latte with almond milk... yumm so good! 
I've tried their croissant,salads, and caprese panini and they have all been fresh and delicious! 
I wish I lived in Philly, I'd be here everyday for lunch! 
The people are always nice and only took one day of me going for them to remember my face! I love little gems like this wish there were more around! I've never been to Italy but i feel like it's taken right out of there!
P.S. credit to Viero Bridal (Anastasiia) downs the street for recommending this awesome spot!Dolce&caffe is a wonderful new addition to NoLibs. I walked in during their first week of opening and while I was staring at the cannolis, indecisively choosing a flavor, the man behind the counter handed me a Ferraro Rochero candy for free! Such a sweet gesture. I decided to go with a mini pumpkin cream cannoli and it was delicious! The pumpkin spice wasn't overwhelming and the cream wasn't dry like some I've had in the past. The prices are a bit steep but for the area and quality, I'd be happy to spend my money there again. Friendly service, yummy treats, quaint area. Perfect for a date, an attractive Instagram pic, or if you're like me, a solo moment of indulgence when sweater weather is in full swing and you can hide your growing tummy!This review has been a long time coming and I can't believe it's taken this long to write it! 
There are no words, and there are all the words. This place is WOW!!
It's the cutest Italian cafe from Italy. Authentically! But somehow in northern liberties. 
The owners are Italian. Legitimately Italian. Not New Jersey Italian and the food is motto buono!
The Ceaser salad with chicken is the BEST Ceaser I have ever had. Ever. They hand make the dressing in house and it's crazy delicious. 
Their paninis are also out of this world. I really like the Pisa. 
And don't get me started on their Tiramisu. The last time I tasted anything anywhere near as good was when I was in Italy. 
My husband is the most snobby snobs of coffee and he refuses to drink coffee in America (he's foreign) and he LOVES their espresso. Says it's the best in Philly. 
They make their hot chocolate by melting real bars of yummy fancy chocolate. You can choose which kind you like. 
And the employees. The best. Katya (Katia?) and Sev are great baristas and the chef Francesco is as sweet as can be. 
The owners Calogiro and Simon make you feel like you are family. 
So basically 100 stars for this place.Delicious cannoli!!! Omg. Just. Delicious!!! Love their different flavors. I tried the original, the chocolate and the pumpkin one. All of them were great. I'm afraid I'll be visiting them too often ;)This beautiful new coffee shop in NoLibs has already attracted a vibrant client base. Easily the best chai latte I have ever had!Pretty good cafe. I use this place a lot to study and do my work. Has a lot of nice staff and the drinks are good too. 10/10 would keep on coming! Love this placeCame here on a Tuesday night for some after dinner treats. I got myself 2 cannolis and I hate to say it, but it was so bland and stale. The shell was super stale and no flavor and the filling was bland and far away from flavorful. I'm hoping maybe this was just a bad day. I'll definitely be back to try their other treats and hope that their cannoli game improvesWow-  beyond impressed with this place. As authentic as can be. The food is to die for and the atmosphere is so great. Amazing place to get some work done and enjoy delicious coffee, pastries and breakfast! Highly recommend it. Hidden gem for sure.I noticed this new cafe while walking through the neighborhood and finally decided to walk in and check out the new spot. It is the CUTEST Italian Cafe and the staff could not be more friendly! We got an espresso and cannoli, both of which were fantastic! I am picky when it comes to my cannolis and usually only go to the Italian Market but these were great! They come in different sizes too so I came back a week later to pick up a box of mini cannolis for a dinner party I was attending. They were just perfect and a huge hit at the party.This place is amazing, a hidden gem in Philadelphia for excellent pastries, coffee, and lunch items. I recommend coming here if you want to catch up with friends over coffee, have a nice lunch by yourself or with friends, and just experience a really nice vibe. The shop is clean and very inviting, and the overall feel of the place is positive. I recommend trying their desserts, especially cheesecake varieties and the cannoli. 
In addition to the quality of food, the staff is really wonderful and always smiling. Seems like they really like working here and want to make your experience memorable.
My family will be visiting from California next month, and I plan on bringing everyone here at least once for coffee and desserts.Great gelato! Northern Liberties lacks a good place to get ice cream (unless you want to venture down toward Fishtown), and Dolce & Caffe fills that void. Everyone who works there has been very friendly.Northern Liberties is lucky to have this beautiful cafe! The cannoli, tiramisu, and gelato are unbelievably good. Plus, the owners are incredibly welcoming and kind. Great spot!This place is a little gem. The pastries are unbeleivable. Staff is so kind and friendly. I was standing outside with my dog while my wife ordered and the one staff member came out to invite me and my dog in. Coffee is quality as well.I absolutely LOVE this cafe. The desserts are soooo delizioso. I have now tried multiple cakes, cookies, biscotti, and cannolis. The cannolis are delightful and many of their desserts are not too overpowering with sweetness. I am huge fan of pastries and anything with chocolate and sugar. I want to say this cafe is a real treat and hits very close to the feeling of cafes through out Europe. They have amazing coffee and espresso equipment and the drinks are fantastic. 
The staff is the best part. I don't know any of them personally but they sure made me feel like I was their friend from the moment I walked in. 
This family owned spot is officially my favorite cafe in Philadelphia. The music, ambience, food, drinks, and staff make me feel like I have traveled to another continent. I absolutely adore it and I am so happy they opened right by my work!Highly recommend if you're looking for a good cafe in the area! This is absolutely one of my new favorite cafes in Philadelphia. The food is phenomenal. 
During my visit, I had a small espresso with whipped cream...which made me ask myself why have I never added that before?! It was so tasty and hit the spot. I also stuffed my face with the sicilian style eggs, pisa panini,  a breakfast cannoli, the quattro formaggi crepe, and gelato. Everything was outstanding! I definitely ate my weight in food, but it was totally worth it and I'm really looking forward to my next visit. The owner and his staff are so friendly and are great with giving recommendations. They also make you feel like you're in Italy which was probably one of my favorite things about my visit here.I've heard a lot of wonderful things about this new shop, and I couldn't wait to stop by for cannoli. 
Despite what you might have heard: leave the cannoli. 
They are simply not good. The red flag is their advertising that the shells are "imported from Italy." Unless that thing's been launched here on a rocket, it's not gonna be good. Cannoli shells need to be so fresh that they need a slap in the face. There is simply no other way, and these prove it. They were terribly stale. 
A mediocre shell might be salvaged a little by glorious filling. Unfortunately that was a nearly bigger disappointment. Instead of light, rich, and creamy, it's the texture of paste. Gluey. Flat. Flavourless. 
You can seriously most likely get better cannoli at acme... but why would you when you can just go to Termini?? (or Isgro, or Potito's, I guess.) 
Also, the coffee I got with the cannoli was cold. :/The Nutella latte was perfection,not overly sweet also same like their tiramisu ,it comes in big slice, I thought it's gonna be too much but surprisingly even it's decadent it's not cloyingly sweet and so delicious and light. I'm sure gonna try their gelato next time, highly recommendedDolce & Caffe was delicious! We had savory and sweet crepes, as well as a latte. The crepes were great but the Cannoli Latte was...interesting. It tasted like chunks of cannoli in it which then became soggy.Dolce & Caffè is definitely worth visiting. I enjoyed a nice cup of cappuccino and the torino panini. All the ingredients are fresh and definitely of high quality. The hostess was knowledgeable and very friendly. I was persuaded to get the torino panini once I found out the mozzarella was fresh and homemade. The serving sizes were moderate and allowed for leftovers. I highly recommend stopping in.This place is awesome. They have the best expresso in the city! I always get the caramel machiatto with a little bit less caramel sauce because I do not like things too sweet. My boyfriend gets the white chocolate mocha and they melt fresh chocolate and mix it with expresso! So delicious! The staff are very warm and welcoming. Only downfall is if you try their expresso you will not want any from anywhere else!Stopped by this little cafe because I was craving something sweet...I ordered a Cannoli and it was delicious! The cafe is authentically Italian, and you can tell by how fresh the cannolis tasted.This place is absolutely amazing and I regret not trying it sooner! I came here last weekend for breakfast and it was the best decision I made all weekend. I went with an egg, cheese, and spinach croissant sandwich, a cold brew, and a mini pistachio cannoli. The croissant was fantastic, the cold brew strong and delicious, and the cannoli might have been one of the best I've ever had. The woman working was super helpful and friendly and you can tell they take pride in their ingredients. The prices were very reasonable as well. My dog and I sat outside and enjoyed the beautiful weather while I ate. I will absolutely be returning and can't wait to try a crepe or some of their other goodies.Gelato was so good. I got the mango flavor. A small is a lot. I could barely finish it even in a hot summer day. Reasonable price.I had the lemon. LOVED!! If you like sour patch candies you will have found the perfect lemon gelatoExcellent latte/ felt like I was in Florence. Super nice n answers questions. Donut- to die for! Crepe great. Cannolis super authentic. Would totally visit again!!!My friends and I were looking for a place to have breakfast in Philly and we stumbled on this place via Yelp's help of course and I must say it was sooo worth it. The food was sooo delicious and rich. The staff was and customer service was excellent. Plus the decor was beautiful. I would definitely recommend eating hereThis place has good coffee, good food and a friendly staff! What more could you ask for? 
Go get a croissant!Its very cute little cafe in NoLibs. Amazing drinks and food options. Their savory crepes are delicious and desserts/canolis are yumm!This is the gold standard for Italian cafe's. Perfect spot for all occasions. Great for first date meet ups or late night conversations after a night in northern liberties. The staff are all warm and inviting. It is truly inspiring to see people that love what they do and obtain joy from the smiles on their customers faces. I honestly think the cannolis are better than the Italian market cannolis but that's just me. I know for sure that there is no better hot chocolate in the city and they do a special mint hot chocolate by melting blocks of fresh made mint chocolate with the milk. The only draw back is that because of the popularity they are gaining prime meal times can be a little overwhelming and the food can take a little longer. However I still give it 5 stars because I can't fault them for being good at what they do. I can't comment on the quality of coffee because I'm not an avid drinker but as far as atmosphere, food, hot chocolates, and pastries go Dolce & Caffe is a home run.Honestly some of the best breakfast I've ever had. The Pacific crepes were delicious! The One croissant was pretty delicious! Also had the Nutella crepe with strawberries and bananas, also pretty yummy. Overall feel of the place was nice too. The ladies working there were very helpful at answering our questions and making sure we got the best dishes they had.Delicious panini, salads and gelato.  This place rarely fails to please.   The prices are on par for a fancy-ish cafe, if that makes any sense!    Tiramisu is also a major highlight.   The only disappointment so far was a stale piece of poundcake.   But I can highly recommend this spot without reservation.I'm always in the hunt for the best cannoli. My search has ended. Best cannoli ever...crunchy delicious she'll not too sweet and amazing ricotta cream inside!! Truly the GOAT!! Cute Cafe that makes you feel like you're in Italy!!I feel like I'm back in Italy every time I come here! The breakfast is outstanding - it makes my mouth water just thinking about it!! I'm OBSESSED with the traditional bruschetta - a MUST EAT - if you are in Philadelphia! Ooo - I almost forgot, they also make handmade / homemade cannolis! Delicious!I stopped by to try a cannolo and cafe- WORTH it!! I lived in Italy and this is the real deal- you know it's gonna be good when the owners are from Sicily!  Espresso and latte is top-notch too, and the ambiance is beautiful.We were looking for a nice quiet place to have a nice brunch nothing too congested. After turning away from two other places we decided to try a third. I guess the 3rd time is the charm. This place is small but the food and coffee is amazing! Definitely had two cappuccinos while I was there and took one for the road. I had the mini pancakes with Nutella and omg they were so good! Cute little spot, parking was a little bit of a hassle to find but def worth it. Def will be visiting this place again when I go back to PhillyI was in Philly for just one day and needed a coffee before meeting a friend. I only had time for an Americano with oat milk (hard to come by still), and a chocolate and pistachio coated cannoli but both were INCREDIBLE. More importantly, the welcome I received from the owner was especially cordial and kind. A beautiful, relaxed atmosphere with a delicious looking menu. Looking forward to returning next time I'm here to try more!Our new favorite spot for take out!! Can't wait to dine in as well. Usually by the time something is delivered it's not very appealing but Dolce and Caffe was delicious and still looked great upon arrival. Can't wait to order from here again. Our favorites were the egg breakfast sandwiches on a croissant. Large and delicious!!Place is just ok.  Kaiser roll was stale, but other food was fresh.  It was a little over priced and I don't think putting an egg on every sandwich is needed.Nice food and venue but the staff member was extremely rude and judgemental. I'm not someone to complain but she was looking at us like we had 2 heads and were aliens. The staff member expected us to know exactly what they had instead of answering our question. There was no line or anyone behind us yet she was unwilling to answer 1 basic question about what flavors they have. Sadly I will not want to come back here due solely to how unwelcome we were treated. Management please contact me.There is a reason why everyone give this cafe 5star rating, coz it deserves it :)....a true gem in Nothern Liberties. 
We were here on Saturday morning for brunch. Ordered their breakfast crepe and California crepe. I loved my breakfast crepe, perfectly sweet and savory. But when I tasted California crepe, it just blew my mind. Their pesto sauce was amazing.  And the entire crepe tastes so good. Well if that's not enough then try their macchiato coffee. Super delicious. 
It's a small cafe and has a hip ambience.  They have music playing in the background and wifi. The staff is friendly and courteous. Looked like a women-run business. All were very nice and helpful. 
They also have an amazing selection of Italian desserts.  That's gonna be my next try.
Highly recommend this cafe .....Cannolis are perfect. Ricotta imported from  and you can get them filled with Nutella OR half and half. The peanut butter hot chocolate is amazing. I never even knew such a thing existed. The panini are big and really good. They come with salad as well. The family who owns it are really sweet and they will quickly make you fall in love with the place. Gelato is good too, my favorite is the pistachio. They also have a lot of pastachio crusted desserts and a connoli that looks like the size of a cheese steak if that's your sort of thing. We always like to bring people there after dinner or we bring cannoli from there because, why not? Who doesn't like a cannoli?! Our  even get a cannoli last time we were there with her!Cool little new cafe in the hood! I don't know much about fancy Italian cafes or coffee, but the place seems pretty legit (or they're fooling me).
Fresh gelato, cannolis, and other bakery items (croissants, crepes, waffles, etc), and coffee! Iced and hot available. The decor is nice and has a very warm and friendly vibe - cool little Ferris wheel holding frero-rochers and a little bike clock.
The owner, who is from Georgia, is super sweet and made sure we enjoyed our coffees - which we did! I got the caramel macchiato and it was tasty - not too sweet or overfilling...smooth. My gf got the iced chai latte with a dash of chocolate cinnamon powder and it was all blended well - nothing was overpowering. The biscotti was pretty good too, a bit dry for my taste, but nonetheless, a nice compliment to the coffees.
Overall a good spot and hope they do well. Probably not an everyday coffee spot (a bit on the expensive side, but you're getting great quality), but will certainly be back, esp to try the gelato!Meh.. service was poor. Drinks were ok.. sandwiches looked good.. and of couple of my friends had visited before and had the cannolis, which I'm told were great.. but who would come back when the barista barely wants to do her job.Absolutely everything about this place FANTASTIC! Customer service  Food selection  TASTE  we all ordered drinks and food and were blown away by the yummy of it all. Only in Philly for a couple days and trying to squeeze in another trip to this wonderful little cafe! We didn't get any pictures bc we absolutely devoured the food before we remembered to take pictures. The hostess was very apologetic about the limited services available due to restrictions but honestly we did not feel as if this experience was lacking in any way. Run don't walk to Dolce & Caffe!!!!Pains me to update this, since I really liked their chai. 
Workers not wearing masks, despite the mandate in place, as they prepare food. Not sure what to make of that, but unfortunately can't risk it.Food is stellar and the service is kind / great. Owner is actually Italian, not American-Italian, and you can feel & taste the authenticity. Cold Brew coffee is dynamite. Price point is appropriate and the environment is welcoming and warm. Grateful to people who put their heart and soul into their business.Their traditional cannoli with ricotta filling is absolutely perfect. The shell was beautifully crispy and the filling, which as they notified me doesn't have any added sugar, was light and fresh. We also had their strawberry nutella crepe, which was nothing out of the ordinary and the roma panini, which was hearty and healthy with lots of toppings. Would definitely go back to try more cannolis or grab a quick biteThe tiramisu here is the best I've ever had. Its homemade and sits in a baking pan for an authentic homemade feel. Sometimes its sold out of you arrive too late but always worth ordering when it's available. 
All the other items are delicious too and the atmosphere and service is always great. Seating available indoors and outdoors so bring the pooch.Great Italian cafe. I've been looking for a great breakfast and lunch spot where I can also work remotely. All of the sandwiches and coffee that I've had have been impressive. Owner keeps the place spotless and is very friendly. A great addition to NoLibs.Was in Northern Liberties at around 4pm, waiting to kill some time before heading to an appointment and decided to stop by Dolce & Caffé. I was a little disappointed that the kitchen was closed already by that time! (I'm reserving my 5 stars because I would like to try their kitchen prepped food.) The only things they had available were their pastries and desserts. I decided to have a little snack and ordered a hot caramel macchiato and a mini chocolate dipped cannoli. The barista was so nice and she told me she tried to not give me so much foam. :) I love cannolis and the filling was delicious. The shell was a little too crunchy for my preference but it was still good and I recommend it!
Overall, a pleasant experience here. The cafe was small, but clean (even the bathroom!). I was tempted to get the tiramisu because that is my favorite dessert, but I will have to come back again and try it! Grazie, Dolce & Caffé! Keep up the good work~There's true passion this place emits. Wow, such a beautiful cafe. As the owner noticed me placing my book bag on the floor, he got up from his conversation and offered me an extra seat to place the bag on. 
I headed to the counter to place an order for a large 16oz coffee. Just as I settled in to the chair, the server brought over the coffee to me. You don't get that kind of service in every cafe, and what's better was the unexpected gesture. I didn't add anything to the coffee before tasting it, and it needed nothing added. The coffee was perfect. Bold flavor, perfect temperature, not bitter, nor sweet. 
Funny thing is I'm still here finishing some of their cookies, and thinking about getting a second cup of coffee.Got a matcha latte to go but it was so sugary I felt I was drinking syrup. Mind I didn't add any sweetenerTry this spot just once, and I guarantee you'll become a repeat customer!
The breakfast sandwiches and the panini's are delicious, and the Tiramisu is the best I've found in Philadelphia.
The staff is always friendly and welcoming, making every stop here an enjoyable experience.Great breakfast spot. Love their coffees and Italiano breakfast sandwich! Definitely a great neighborhood go to!Really great food, good portions, and friendly staff. I had a Nutella latte last time I went and it was awesome. I also got a savory breakfast crepe, it was one of the best crepes I've ever had!I ordered online as I walked through the neighborhood without having seen the place. I was pleased to find outdoor tables where we could sit with our dogs and eat our breakfast sandwiches. Locals stopped in and chatted with the staff for a bit. I made a note to come back for cannoli. 
Sandwiches were good. They have a lot of options beyond just egg and cheese. 
Good option if you are in the area and need a quick bite to go or want to relax and enjoy coffee and a dessert.Love this place! Great sandwiches and coffee drinks. Stopped in after church for a quick bite. Got and egg sandwich and Nutella latte. The sandwich was filling and the latte was delicious, not too sweet! The place and cups/plates/utensils are clean, which I appreciate. Price is reasonable for philly.I ordered 3 cannolis (two dipped, one regular) and 2 pieces of tiramisu for my family of 4 for dessert on Mother's Day. I had never dined here before but took a chance based on the reviews. When I received the order, I was disappointed to note that the dipped cannolis were really not that dipped, but I was pleasantly surprised that there was also a piece of free cheesecake that I didn't order in the box. We all tried some of everything and my family, especially my mom, absolutely LOVED it. The amount was also perfect with some leftovers for later. We will definitely be ordering from here again!