I wanna love this place but I can't the service was good the Mexican style corn was great just the pieces I received for the price wasn't worth it and the dish I brought was interesting tasting all the veggies taste raw (the peppers and onions) and my brother got so sick after he ate that so I won't be giving this restaurant 5 starsIn danger of falling asleep due to low calorie intake, I was searching for nourishment after the gym. Don Panchito saved my life. They say hunger is the best sauce, I beg to differ. The spicy pineapple sauce started my 2019 off just right! I haven't eaten Mexican this authentic since Cancun Spring Break 2007.Soooo good! I had the steak nachos with the steak tostadas and they were amazing. The steak is cooked to perfection and the guacamole is made fresh and delicious. My friend got the steak fajitas and it came sizzling and juicy. Will come back.This was our first time at this restaurant. When we first walked in, we were told to choose a table right away. The decor and atmosphere was cute. The food was great, but service was horrible. Multiple people asked if we were being served, etc. When served the appetizers, we were given no plates. We asked for them, and then we were given styrofoam plates. Service was slow. 
You can tell they were all over the place. Everyone was helping each other so that was nice to see. They just need a little bit more of organization, and they will be good. 
*always with appetizers, bring plates. Not styrofoam plates, regular plates. They shouldn't have ran out of small plates because there were still tables open considering it was only 6:30 pm. 
*more of a system that helps organize so we don't have multiple people coming to our table and asked if we are being served. I noticed the table across from us 2 waiters asked them if they were ready to order and I could tell they got a little annoyed that they had to say again "no we are still looking at the menu" 
Overall food was good, but service was the weirdest and slowest experience I've ever had. I hope it's because they are just starting out but I have no idea how long this place has been open. 
My boyfriend and I both agreed that we probably wouldn't come back to eat here.Yeah! Finally open again as of July 5th.
My family and I had a relaxing dinner. The staff is extremely helpful. The affordable menu is traditional Mexican fare and the portions are very generous. The Corn on the Cob is worth the trip.
My fajitas were deliciously grilled.
The restaurant is Halal and therefore there is no alcohol served. Take the family!This place isn't bad and it has the potential to be better. The idea of having a halal Mexican place is amazing and different for a place like philly. In cities like NYC u can find halal Chinese, Thai, Mexican and more. So I really appreciate the idea. The service is also good. However, the food may need a little work. I got the loaded fries and the flavor was amazing but super salty, as Well as the beef & shrimp mixed fajita. Also tried burrito & chimichanga & almost all the food had good flavor but super salty.Stopped in today to grab some food at this spot and all I can say is I was impressed! The food and service were both great. I ordered a chicken burrito and it was fantastic! The server brought out warm tortilla chips with a great green dipping sauce. Also, I highly recommend the pineapple hot sauce to go with whatever you order! Bonus: they're halal!Great homemade Mexican food! Steak Tostadas Bomb! BYO is always a plus. Great addition to the neighborhood!Well... there isn't much competition for Mexican food in the far northeast but with that said the place needs to up their game. 
The major issue is that the majority of what came to our table from straight from a container, box or bag. Few items were made from scratch in house.
If they were trying a unique menu or some fusion (since they claim Halal on their menu) I would grade them on a curve but what you get is halfhearted execution of common Mexican menu items.
What may ultimately kill their business is the size of the space, lack of lighting on their signage outside so it looks like the place is not open from the street. The decor looks cheap, like go to a party store to buy decorations for a "theme" party cheap, and they still have yet to remove all the previous establishments name & branding.Oh Don, what are you doing. The steak burrito with nothing but mushy beef and rice was, in a word, horrendous. I've eaten alot of burritos in my life and have never thrown a single one in the trash. Until big Donny P hurled this masterpiece my way. And the chicken fingers. So I hope u accidentally spilled a cup of water in the container because I cant see a scenario where they would come out of a deep fryer this wet. This meal makes me rue the day I was not born an octopus so I could give this "food" 8 thumbs down. Also, my wife referred to her "shrimp" quesadillas as "stupid" because she made the mistake of assuming there would be shrimp in them. In closing Don Panchitos I shan't return. Ever.We did takeout from this restaurant. Upon picking up, there was only one employee that I could see  and she was masked, so I felt very safe. I ordered the mini Mexican corn on the cob and the chicken fajitas. The mini Mexican corn in the cob was the star of the show. 5 stars! The fajitas were ok, nothing special. Overall, meal was good but a bit pricey.All around solid service & solid food. They have outdoor seating right now. We got a chicken enchiladas and Mexican jarittos and the bill came out around $31. It took them about 15 minutes to get everything ready. The portions were big enough for us to take some back home and enjoy another meal! Definitely will be coming back to try the rest of the menu.The food was delicious!! Ordered rice and beans to go to eat with my fajitas as leftovers. Warmed my food up and begin eating. Bit into a metal screwRun! Everyone was nice In there but it's not worth it at all even for the price, they didn't have everything on the menu. You have been warned!A Family Business Run with Love and Attention. The owners are thriving entrepreneurs who genuinely care about the quality of food and the customer experience. The food is the best Mexican food you'll find around and you'll find yourself having a warm and delightful experience by dining here. Good Job Guys.Ordered delivery through door dash. I have never ate at the restaurant. The food was pretty good. I would definitely order again and would like to go for dine in at some point.Update- I never got my refund even though he told he refunded me. So I was charged $51 for a halfass order. 
Sorry for the language. Never ordering from here again.My family took me there for my birthday and the food was amazing. The staff was very friendly and engaging. The management was very welcoming and recommended various items to try which were amazing. Since it was my birthday I was offered free dessert which was delicious. My family and I will definitely be coming back.Excellent service. Great taste. Me and my family really enjoyed it. The shrimp burritos and nachos were excellent. Great ambience tooThis is a great new authentic Mexican restaurant in NE Philly in the building that used to be occupied by Albert's.  It appears from the outside that they're still getting up and running; but inside it's really nicely put together and decorated.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.  And the food is creative, delicious, fresh, hearty, and seemingly rather healthy (tasty but no grease, etc.).  It's also BYOB, so I bring my own margaritas or the like--which saves me a ton of money in the long run.
ps:  I see someone posted a negative review claiming that the food didn't taste fresh.  I completely disagree.  Everything I've ordered during my two visits was very fresh and tasted like it was prepared with great care.New owners are awesome!!! This is the ONLY HALAL MEXICAN spot in philly!! Highly recommended all the food tastes deliciousFood amazing! I will recommend the taco salad and shrimp tacos A+!!! Always fresh and on time... thank you for the great service and fast delivery!!This place is amazing!!! I wish I took pictures but I downed so fast. We ordered loaded fries, flautas, guac, chicken and steak fajitas, chicken rice plate, steak burrito, chicken and Barbacoa tacos, churros, and tres leches. Each and every dish I'll highly recommend!!I love the food from this place  ! I've ordered plenty of things off the menu and each meal never disappointed. The meats are very well seasoned and marinated deliciously. The tortillas and queso are incredibly good! All the sauces are really amazing. I love the scenery of the restaurant. Staff is very welcoming and friendly! Food is always done quickly and with love. Best place to come for a quick bite, lunch or a family dinnerThis place has a nice decor and vibe. The service was great, we were seated immediately. There was complimentary chips and salsa which is great to settle that hunger at first haha We got the steak fajitas, chicken quesadillas, and corn. The food was delicious, no complaints here. They have a nice homemade hot sauce which added a perfect spice. As someone who loves spices they need to up their sauce game, it's always great to have multiple options. They didn't have Jarritos which was a bummer but I ordered the hibiscus tea and it had a nice fruity tangy taste. I also didn't like that there was a pesky fly just flying around waiting to sit on my dinner, which for me was a mission to have to keep smacking them out of the way. With all that being said the food was still amazing, and I'd still come back here !I'll begin by saying the food is 5star! 
Menu is small & simple. 
I had the shrimp tacos. They were cooked perfectly! Just like the reviews below stated. Each order comes with 3. Very filling. 
The inside is very chill. I think if it was on a college campus or in a food truck it would be great! Nevertheless, the spot is clean and chill. They have music playing in the background. 
In regards to service. It could be better. I felt as though our initial server was not confident. Also, very laid back. Training could help and it can only lead to better tips. 
Seems like a place someone very ambitious decided to open up and I commend it! It can only get better!One of the best meals I ever had. The chips were so fresh and the guacamole was not too chunky and fresh. I never really like red snapper but this was DELICIOUS!!!! Seasoned very well and the beans and rice were good as well. The shrimp fajitas were good. Wish there were more shrimp. The only thing was they forgot my salsa verde but it didn't even matter because the meal was gone  Will be ordering again.What a great find.  The staff was very nice and accommodating, but did not hover.  The food was innovative and delicious.  We shared the mini-Mexican corn on the cob and the seasoning was fantastic.  For an entrée I had the salmon platter, which came with a small salad and rice & beans.  The salmon was chargrilled with a dry rub - very tasty and nicely cooked.  My friend had the chicken burrito which she enjoyed, and took home half as it was enough for two meals.  We hope to get back and have room for dessert next time!Nachos with Steak were Amazing!!!
Same with the chimichangas!!
Ask for their sauces like the pineapple and Peri Peri
We traveled all the way from NJ to eat and we were Not disappointed!
Good owners ..came by and asked how the food was..that means a lot to us.
Good ambience on a Wed night.
Highly recommend!We ordered from here through grubhub. I received a call after placing my order telling me that they ran out of tres leche cake, which was fine, so I substituted for the churros. 
When the order arrived,
1. The driver got lost so I had to guide her down the block 
2. The driver handed me my food in the aluminum containers, no bag l. 
3. My order was wrong. 
I didn't receive the corn appetizer I ordered. So I called them asking where my corn was, and the gentlemen who called me earlier said they ran out, and said someone must've forgotten to call me to let me know. 
He then tells me I will be refunded for the corn, which was fine. 
Then I opened the churros, which was supposed to come with ice cream, only to find churros with sprinkles, no ice cream. 
I was going to call back, but I was just fed up already and didn't want to waste my breath. 
We will most likely not be eating from here any time soon. 
I had my hopes high because there's always a ton of cars in their parking lot so I thought it would be good, guess not.This is the beet mexican halal restaurant in town. The owners are great and the food is so amazing. Been here twice and they have not dissappointed. Muhammad gave us amazing service. I would highly recommend eating at this placeAmazing service for takeout!! Staff is very friendly and gives a great cozy and family like vibe. Food was also amazing, best halal Mexican food I had. The nachos are definitely the go to!First and foremost, I will say that the food is actually exceptionally delicious.  For that reason I have tried this restaurant out multiple times.  I was a frequent customer when it was previously owned by another owner and the service was great.  However, right after that I tried it out 3xs and I was extremely disappointed.  The service sucked each and every time !!! I just left here for the very last time.  Our appetizer came out AFTER our meals, my son waited over 20 mins for ketchup because they had to run out to get some, the staff are untrained and have no idea how to wait on tables properly, and the food took forever to come out with only two other tables there at the time while staff kept giving excuses about the cooks. For the "soft grand opening" last week, we waited 45 mins for a cup of ice, and a total of two hours to only have appetizers and eventually walk out because i didn't have another hour to waste there.  I tried to give them another chance since I figured they were overwhelmed but today was no difference.  With maybe a total of 10 people in the restaurant at the time (6 of them being part of my party), there should be no reason that the food took long at all or the customer service to be as horrible as it was.  Completely unacceptable and for that reason I will not be returning.  I refuse to give my money to a business like this.This restaurant by far has the best Mexican food in the Northeast. Their food is so fresh and hot every time. The best tasting pico de Gallo I've ever had. My boyfriend and i got take out here for lunch today by ordering ahead. The phone was answered right away. We picked it up and it was quickly ready. Their restaurant was very clean and the staff was super friendly. You can tell they go above and beyond to make sure everything is extra clean and sanitized. Next time you order from here, call their phone. Much quicker than Grubhub or Door Dash. Can't wait to go backSo we tried a new place and I'm sure glad we did. The food took a looong time to come and the wait staff was very very green but it was made up for with the delicious food. I had fajitas and the man had a burrito. They where great. We had a corn app and was extremely  tasty. The owner came out and was super pleasant. The staff had no idea, where on there phones texting ect. The most helpful guy there was the bus man, he could recognize social cues like a empty water glass. Will definitely go back. Hopefully it will be more organized. The one star was because the Queso dip  was terrible, tasted like it was from a canGreat atmosphere, reminded us of Mexican places in California that we were used to going to. The parking lot is pretty big, but there are 2 establishments (another restaurant upstairs). Music and decor are colorful, the menu is fairly typical of your usual mexican restaurant: tacos, fajitas, enchiladas, and desserts. If you like spicy but different, try the pineapple salsa: DELISH! The tortilla soup warmed us up on one of the first chilly days this fall, beautifully garnished with sour cream, avacado,  Oaxaca cheese and tortilla strips. The mexican street corn was different than what we remembered but still had the right flavors. Tres Leches for dessert was the perfect ending. This will definitely become one of our regulars!Unfortunately the food we received from here was not good. We ordered a variety of foods and the only thing that was bearable to eat was the nachos. We ordered two types of tacos, one beef and one shrimp. The beef had so much sauce and toppings on it we had to scrape most of it off. The shrimp was so dry it was not even worth trying to eat it. None of the food came with any kind of sides such as rice, beans, sour cream, or even salsa. I found this odd but also because the food is so expensive. Unfortunately I will not be ordering from here again.My wife and I met in Pilsen Chicago and love to eat Mexican together. We've had a really hard time finding a Mexican restaurant in Philadelphia, GLAD TO SAY WE HAVE FOUND THE BEST MEXICAN RESTAURANT IN PHILLY. Did I mention the food is halal? The standards of halal meat and ingredients offers a wonderful flavor. Can't get enough. Were stuffed, but smiling. If you go check out the nachos. Mmm mm mFood was great! The place is a nice, small setting. Lots of color. Good lighting and music. The staff are friendly and polite. We will be back!
I didn't include pictures of everything we had for dinner since some are blurry, but everything was delicious and great portions.I first tried this place back in April 2020.  Ordered the chicken enchiladas, Mexican loaded fries, mini Mexican corn on the cob and a side of queso. The food was delicious and the pick up was smooth. The corn was taken off the cob and had all the typical elotes fixins', the only addition was that it had red onion. Highly recommend!What can I say, this place is authentic. Great service and great food. Reminds me of my friend mom cooking. Full on authenticity. Everyone there is friendly and they make you feel at home. Would I recommend this place. 1000% I would recommend this place and 1000% i would come back. Thanks to everyone there for making me and my friends feel comfortable and awesome food.So we decided to go back to Don Pancheto since they reopened and I can sit in a restaurant and have a meal. I has the salmon with rice and beans. Tony had a deconstructed chicken fajitas and churro with ice cream for dessert. Fabulous.So even before we ordered, the staff was amazing!  We came here because Yelp noted dogs allowed and outside seating.  When there wasn't outside seating, the manager made outside seating for us! Totally the best!  Veggie options across the board, the mini corn (elote style) yum! The Mexican loaded fries and chimichangas filled us up and were really great tasting!  They make hot sauce in house and you can tell how much pride they take in their food and service. Don't see that in many places anymore! 
The hot sauce is legit! And the spicy pineapple 
sauce is amazing good!  Finally hot sauce that isn't just hot, it actually has flavor and a good kick. YUM!!!! Also don't forget the guac! 
So the outdoor seating is coming! So don't be discouraged and definitely eat here!!!!This is a great spot for families, business meetings and even friends gathering. Food was fresh and friendly customer service.I stopped at this small business for a bite to eat when I was in the area and was impressed by this hidden gem. They offer excellent authentic Mexican food. Desserts are delicious. Staff is friendly and offer great service. I recommend checking in this place out. You will not be disappointed.Authentic Mexican Food, it was amazing, restaurant is clean, nice staff and halal.
We had the corn on the cob which is a must, chicken enchiladas, barbecue burrito, chicken quesadilla and rice and beans.
The corn on the cob and quesadillas are a must when you order. Overall everything was great.HONEST REVIEW!!! I saw this place in the area and wanted to check it out since me and my wife like trying all the different Mexican places in the city. We go here Sunday 5pm and the place is empty, yes zero customers. Hmmm weird. The hostess/waiter was a nice guy but my guess is he was a friend or family member to the owner just helping out. Interior was ok nothing special. The table was super wobbly, no napkins, and no condiments. He brings us chips with queso that looked straight from the supermarket. Thought it was weird because why queso and not salsa. Asked for guacamole which he said no problem, we ordered out food, the food comes out. He then tells us no guacamole because the avocados they have aren't ripe so he's working on it, which probably means someone is running to Giant to get some ripe ones or the pre-made garbage. My wife got the chicken tacos which looked like they were put through a blender and put in a tortilla and my shrimp and steak fajitas didn't look bad but for $20, there should be more than 5 small sized shrimp. So for us being the only customers in the restaurant it took about an hour to get our food to the table. To the owner, I understand you have a Halal Mexican Restaurant in it's early stages. But if you expect to be successful you need to understand better how the Mexicans do food. It's typically salsa with chips, fresh guacamole, loud Mexican music (I swear I heard Arabic), more than one employee on a Sunday at dinner time, napkins on all tables, and the food is always plentiful and inexpensive. Go to some places in the city and see how they do things authentically. I will never go here again but just like me, others will be fooled when they see the massive amounts of 5 star reviews. I should have know better after seeing the names and those reviewers. I hope the owner listens to what I said in this review and can truly make this restaurant successful. Good luck.Food was really good! Got the chicken burrito and steak fajitas. The queso and chips for the appetizers were really good. Also got the corn on the cob and it did not disappoint! Will definitely be coming back.First, side from being horribly over priced, the food or most of it, is just not good.
Here's the rundown. We got Mexican corn. Now I've made this myself when I'm not lazy and it's good. Theirs wasn't bad and I stress not bad but it was $8.00 for 4 3" pieces. Then there was the guacamole. You know the tiny cups that you get say apple sauce in? Bigger than a ketchup or soy sauce cup but I'm talking little. Yeah, well that was 6 bucks and the queso of the same size was 4. The barbacoa steak and grilled shrimp quesadilla are the only reason for the second star because they were good but they were respectively $14 and $16 dollars.
These may not seem like steep prices but trust me, these were tiny portions but the worst part of this order were the tortilla chips. Stale and foul tasting. There's no excuse for that.Don Panchito's just re-opened after a lengthy renovation. This restaurant is very unique in that their entire menu is halal. The owner, Mo, greeted me as I walked in. The waitress brought fresh chips and salsa, as well as a glass of water. Ordered the chicken tacos and beef enchiladas, and a side of rice and beans. 
This is not a typical "authentic" Mexican restaurant. That being said, I was still quite pleased with the food. Tacos come in flour tortillas (corn available upon request) which seemed to be lightly baked to add a bit of a crispy texture. The chicken in the tacos was perfectly cooked. Not overdone. Not full of gristle. Their blend of ingredients was very pleasing. I wouldn't go as far as to call it "fusion", but it was certainly a nice twist on an old favorite which needs to be tried to be appreciated.
The beef enchiladas were served with a red salsa. To my surprise the beef inside wasn't cheap ground beef, but instead was what I can only describe as a slow-roasted pulled beef. It had a great texture and a fantastic flavor. Not a mushy, greasy mess. The red salsa had a nice mild taste. A spicy green is also available upon request. 
The rice and beans was also unique. It was seasoned black beans served atop a bed of a long grain rice. The rice itself seemed a little bland to me, but the spicy kick of the beans more than made up for it. I enjoyed it, but they definitely need to be eaten together. If you dislike beans and just want rice, you may be a little disappointed. To be fair, I did not try the rice alone before trying it with the beans, so the blandness I experienced may be partially due to the fact that I was expecting more. 
I believe Don Panchito's is off to a good start and will hopefully draw enough customers to continue to improve. I look forward to returning in a couple weeks and seeing how they've progressed!The place started strong but sadly wasnt able to sustain the momentum. The food is very inconsistent. The only thing consistent is a steady decline in flavor and quality. Not sure if the owner has checked out or the establishment lost contacts with any possible chef in a 50 mile radius. 
The beef patty in the fairly expensive burger continues to become smaller and smaller each visit. The number of chicken strips become less with every visit also and is fried to the point of sadness. And thats coming from someone who loves fried food. I used to love their corn. Of course they had to destroy that also. The flavors ran from their corn and the red onions took advantage to fill the void.. heck any void that existed on your palate. 
I will remember the store that was and will stop regretting the store that is.Seems like this restaurant doesn't care that there is a pandemic going on. I went to pick up my order and no one was wearing a mask. There were at least 6 people in there. There were also 2 people sitting and eating inside. That's against PA COVID19 rules. When I asked where their masks were, they said it wasn't a law. They were also nasty and combative. One guy laughed at me when I asked where his mask was. I used to love this place and I will never go back.Excellent food; very fresh. Service excellent. Went on Mon night not crowded but a diamond in the rough! Go there; also Byob which is nice.....
I loved the Theme of the Dining area. Food is fantastic and the staff is very friendly.
We've tried almost everything from the menu and everything was made to the perfection. I ordered the Chimichanga (sorry if i spell it wrong) and i loved it. The Jarritos adds up like real Maxican style.
They kept the area clean and sanitized. Tables are far apart from each other as they follow strict CDC guidelines.
I'll definitely be going there again.Our food was delicious it was our first here what a treat. The girl at register was very pleasant and helpful.Was good the first time i tried when they did grand opening but came back for second visit it was horrible, food was served cold, very bland. It tasted like it was put in the microwave for 2 mins. Service was bad so I'm guessing thats why the restaurant was empty lunch time. It was not fresh at all felt like it was frozen food that was reheated. Was not satisfied because i had very high expectations from my first visit. Price was not worth it for the food, if it was cheaper i understand the quality but at this price point its garbage. Please mr gouba fix this!Food was ok. Nothing to brag about. But I only ordered 2 items and my bill with tip came out to $40 and some change.Came in not knowing what to get and my guy Mohammad hooked me up with house chips and the best queso ive had yet for starters! I had the chicken tacos and mexican corn and they did not disappoint!! Down to the tortilla itself, food was amazing and full of flavor. Hospitality and service is on point and you get alot for the small amount you pay.Pretty limited menu, but good authentic food. The hostess/waitress was very sweet and took care of all of our needs. Sent us home with extra chips and salsa with our leftovers. Comfy chairs, nice atmosphere, and reasonable prices. We will definitely be back!Amazing food! Amazing hosts! Amazing service! Amazing environment! What more could you ask for? The best staff with food that will remind you what jaw dropping food tastes like! Definitely coming back again and again!I absolutely love this place -- it is to die for!! I've come about 7 times already, not gon lie. I've tried the burger, New York strip, the steak fajitas, steak enchiladas, steak nachos, mussels, and like everything else. Clearly I LIVE for this place!NOTE:  My review and repeated visits all occurred before the renovations and change in chefs.  I haven't been back since all the changes.  I can tell from the pics that the new menu/style isn't for me.  But to each his or her own.  Make your own determinations.
*******
This is a great new authentic Mexican restaurant in NE Philly in the building that used to be occupied by Albert's.  It appears from the outside that they're still getting up and running; but inside it's really nicely put together and decorated.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.  And the food is creative, delicious, fresh, hearty, and seemingly rather healthy (tasty but no grease, etc.).  It's also BYOB, so I bring my own margaritas or the like--which saves me a ton of money in the long run.
ps:  I see someone posted a negative review claiming that the food didn't taste fresh.  I completely disagree.  Everything I've ordered during my two visits was very fresh and tasted like it was prepared with great care.Came in with some friends, because we had heard a lot of hype around this place. It had originally opened, closed down, then opened back up again. Being a halal Mexican restaurant, this spot is pretty unique for this area. 
Upon entering around 8PM one night, we were seated promptly by a waitress. The restaurant was fairly empty, and we took some time to look at our menus. The waitress took our orders within a few minutes. She had talked about bringing over some fresh tortilla chips, and she brought them in about 15 minute. They were pretty fresh and hot. We had some friends arrive about 10 minutes late, and it took almost 20 minutes for their orders to be collected.
As the earlier arrives waiter for food, the restaurant owner was very friendly to us and struck up some conversation. I had ordered Steak Fajitas, and once they arrived they looked decent. They came with 3 side tortillas and some toppings. I do feel that toppings were a bit skimpy, and I could have used more. Additionally, they needed about one extra tortilla with the meat. As for the fajita meat quality, it was OK. I've definitely had better quality fajitas, and the meat tasted like something I could make at home. It did lack a bit of flavor. 
After almost 30 minutes, the friends who arrived later were given their food. After we finished eating, the owner was kind enough to give us 2 free desserts, because I was fasting. We received Fried Oreos as well as Churros with ice cream for dessert. They were both pretty good.
Overall, I would probably revisit. I just think customer service speed needs to be improved as well as fajita quality. The others in our group who had ordered fajitas were also not too heavily impressed. I do appreciate the owner's personal contact with his customers, and halal Mexican food can be hard to find.Just had lunch at Don Panchito and it was delicious. Started with tortilla soup, and then steak fajitas. The soup was really good, on one of the first cool day it was just what the doctor had ordered. The halal steak fajitas was delicious and plenty. Also one of the dips given with the chips was this spicy pineapple dip, that was great. Right amount of tangy Spicy flavor. My fav soda from Mexico was also there, which deff added more to the experience. The Service was great, friendly welcome and throughout the time we were there were were asked if we needed anything. The place was nice and clean.   Would deff be coming back here soon.  Thanks Don PanchitoOrdered the chicken tacos, Mexican corn on the cob appetizer and rice & beans. Complimentary chips and salsa verde were brought to the table. The chips were thin and crispy. The Mexican corn on the cob appetizer was delicious with a nice chipotle sauce and spice combination. The tacos were served kind of Tex-Mex with melted cheddar on the chicken and pico de gallo and sour cream on the side. The chicken was nicely seasoned and tender and the whole combination very flavorful. Unfortunately, the rice and beans were not very enjoyable with the rice having the appearance and texture of Rice-a-Roni (soft, mushy) with the beans having an overpowering flavor of cumin. I've experienced this before at another place, so it may just not be my preference (?).  Really friendly service from several staff members. Simple, wide open interior with multiple flatscreen TVs set to various stations (foodie programs) and music playing over the tv volumes. Easy to miss and difficult to turn around, so approach slowly from the boulevard direction.Unbelievably delicious affordable Mexican food. Home made fare with a very generous gourmet presentation. The food is not only pleasing to the stomach, but is also a feast for the eyes.
Comfortable seating and attentive excellent service.
AND a very large convenient parking lot.Sincerely I don't know why this place has all this star. We been here for dinner a Friday night, there were other 2 table in addition to our.
We wait more than 1 hour for have our plate: two fajitas and one quesadilla.
The plate were poor, we were very disappointed.
We don't return back never, in the end the owner want to bring us some offers dessert, after our no he offered us the dinner.
Almost 2 hours for 3 plates and some chips.My husband and I got the fajitas. The stake marinade had great flavor and was cooked perfectly. My son got two beef enchiladas, again great flavor! Just when we were about to skip on dessert he described the fried ice cream so we had to try it. Then they brought us fried Oreos and churros on the house! All three were yummy!Being an LA native, I am particular about my Mexican food. I wasn't aware it was halal Mexican until I read the other reviews. I ordered shrimp tacos & an order of esquites. The food was ok. Shrimp tacos were pretty good, I liked the sauce, but it was lacking. The esquites I was expecting to be more like the elote I'm used to, but it was loaded with raw onion. Definitely OVERPRICED. I paid $23 for these 2 items. I thought the tacos would come with rice & beans but nope. You're better off making tacos at home.Don Panchito Mexican Grill is the best Mexican grill so far. Food quality is 100%. Service is 100%. I recommend this place. Will be back for sure.The food was absolutely amazing!! Flavorful, nice portions and oh so delicious. It is also a plus that we were able to pray there and they were extremely accommodating. If you're ever in the mood for Mexican, check them out.Don Panchito's sits in a former banquet facility at the corner of Grant and Academy in Northeast Philadelphia. The dining room is fairly large with minimalist decor, especially in response to required Covid Protocol. So, the atmosphere feels more utilitarian, than ethnic, but that does not distract from the quality of the food put out by the kitchen. 
I went with two appetizers; Esquites and Chicken Flautas. The first, a fresh sweet corn dish mixed with chipotle mayo, spices and crema. The kernals were plump and firm, making for an engaging cool salad-like dish that showed me a new way to enjoy corn off the cob. The Flautas were three homemade tortillas stuffed with excellent ground chicken, spices and cheese, cut in half and served in a star pattern, topped with crema and guacamole. This way, it became finger food, holding shape and contents from presentation to mouth. They were hot, crisp and delicious. 
An interesting aspect of Don Panchito's is that it has a halal kitchen. Before going, I really couldn't imagine how that looked in reality. Turned out that many of the other customers there were in a party that was partially Muslim. They had a Call to Prayer in a corner of the dining room while I was there, complete with carpet for kneeling. I was impressed with the dedication to their faith and the obvious comfort they felt in observing their customs in that setting. Definitely unique for a Mexican grill! 
And, I have to mention Sophia, my friendly server who was covering the whole floor alone. She never lost her cool despite handling both the solo me, and the twenty or so partiers who were only minutes ahead of me ordering their food. The kitchen was slammed, but everything kept moving smoothly, due in large part in Sophia's verve and grace.I followed this restaurant on Instagram when they first started to open, some of their meals are very good but I think their quesadillas are a little bit overrated and overpriced.This place is great! Today was my 3rd time here and each time the food was very delicious and service was very friendly and welcoming. Great service, delicious food and it's nice and clean!  I didn't have much time on my lunch break so I'm glad they have quick service too. They didn't take long at all to cook my food. Will definitely come back and recommend this place!Not my cup of tea. 
Place appeared crowded from the outside but when we went in we were the only other couple in there. Took my niece since she wanted  something Mexican and I wanted something new- so chose this spot. 
The menu was extensive but everything was separate and there wasn't any meal deal platters like I am used to seeing at other Mexican spots. 
Customer service was okay, but could've been better. The waitress  was also the woman who was working  the counter  for checking out, she forgot to give us straws, and napkins and took forever to come take our order. 
The owner or who I thought was the owner came over a few times to check on us and to make sure we were good- which was cool. 
When it came to the food, we got rice  and black beans, a chicken quesadilla and a chicken enchilada. The meals were just okay- nothing spectacular. The rice and beans were so spicy and not what I am used to- so I had a lot of  leftovers to take home. 
The highlight of the meal was the fried Oreos which were served with ice cream! They were so good. I would go back again just  for them. The churros weren't that great so I wouldn't get them again. 
As far as the drink situation they sold soda but no refills, served by the can. 
Not sure I'd give this place another try cause I didn't really like the food.Ok I have to update my review here. Food is great! Let me start there. Always tastes amazing. But here's the kicker. Is way overly priced.... I ordered chicken quesadillas, chicken tacos, a 12oz can of coke, chips and guacamole. Came out to over $40 after taxes. Now I would of respected that of the tacos and quesadillas were legit meals and came with rice and beans. But no. It's just tacos and quesadillas. Pics below for proof. If they wanna justify charging $14 for tacos. They should add sides in that price.Tried this place for the first time for takeout.
I stumbled on this restaurant's Instagram - and I will say I'm disappointed.  I ordered a chicken burrito bowl  with the expectations from a video/photo advertised on IG (see photos). I should have probably asked more questions when ordering. 
The bowl was cold. 
The rice was yellow with black beans. 
The rice wasn't fresh and grains of the rice weren't fully cooked. 
The chicken was hard cut up tiny pieces vs what I saw on IG. 
The side sauces were basic. 
When ordering, the employee over the phone told me $10.80 when I arrived my total was $15.12 (4 extra sauces). 
Moral of the review: it wasn't worth it. 
 I don't know if they advertise as "authentic" but this isn't it!Food was too expensive for what it was, they even charge you $2 for water. The waiter wont even tell you that it costs money and will just hand it to you.Everything is made from scratch and you can taste the difference! We will come again. The food tasted great and the owner and waitress were both attentive. I do think if they wrote the orders down while taking the order it would help limit confusion, errors and improve internal communication (our order was put in incorrectly which delayed one dish. This was not a big deal for us and the attention to detail in each dish and great taste of the food compensated for it). Also, if the fireplace works it would be nice to utilize it on a cold rainy night. The restaurant is clean and inviting. We had the rose drink which was a bit sweet for our taste but was actually very refreshing. It is a kid friendly place.Food was average with high price tags. No courtesy chips or snacks to eat while food was being prepared & even charged $2 for bottled water. Shows clear signs of a restaurant that cheaps out to maximize profits, disregarding customer experiences & food quality. Seems like the owner is taking advantage of customers that seek & trust "halal" food by charging an expensive premium for average food. It's a shame that the word "halal" allows owners to charge double what the food is worth.