Just a simple Dutch dine-in... the food is done quickly and done right.  I've only been for breakfast, but I've heard great things about their lunch time meals as well.  I got the apple cinnamon french toast w/ turkey bacon, overall really good, just wish there was a little more apple on the toast.  The turkey bacon were nice big slices and just the right amount of crispy edges... add a little syrup on there with the french toast and it was a perfect paring.  They have fresh squeezed OJ as well, but it tasted a little weird to me, maybe it was just those specific oranges. They also have scrapple... I think it's like Philly's version of spam, but I refuse to try it... just looks weird.  The staff are extremely friendly and the meal's are a good value.  Check it out in the Reading Terminal when you're there.If you're looking for breakfast in the Reading Terminal Market, the Dutch Eating Place is where to go. Just look for the crowds and you'll find a diner-like atmosphere with counter space and stools.
When I went, I ordered the blueberry pancakes with a side of bacon. The blueberry pancakes were good, huge, and moist. They were like most blueberry pancakes you can get at a traditional diner.
What blew me away was the bacon... Twisted and piled high on top of one my pancakes, I thought they were going to be chewy and under-cooked. Instead, they were heavenly strips of perfectly cooked meat. When I put them in my mouth, the taste was incredible and the texture was perfect. It pretty much dissolved in my mouth. Could it get any better?there is so many different places to eat in Reading terminal but this one caught my sister's eyes. I didn't really mind bc at that point, I would eat McDonalds (don't do it) bc I was starving. The wait was about 10 mins because they only have a small eatting area, seating for 30 people. GO WITH 2 PEOPLE (including yourself) - you will be seated earlier than the table for 3, 4 5, 6.. etc.
I ordered a turkey burger and my sister ordered corn nibbles (or something like that) and an open turkey sandwich. Both deeeelicious. Something about these Amish people but everything tasted fresh and they were really sweet and accomodating. The corn things were sweet... whcih freaked me out bc corn isn't suppose to be sweet... unless it's sweet corn, but this def was not sweet corn. It had some apple sauce or something mixed in with the corn which they batter and then lightly fry. It was just a wierd taste. Their iced tea is BOMB. they make it themselves and I think my sister and I drank too many for our own good.I gave this place a 4/5 stars because everything was incredible the dumpling was nice and a good portion of dough and apples and the caramel stuff. When she gave us our dumpling she put whipped cream on it but when we got back to our table it was complete liquid. I was very disappointed in this. I thought they had brains and they would use cold whipped cream not room temp. I mean it should be common knowledge. I feel that is was ok in general but if you come get whipped cream on the side.The food was delicious! The pancakes were huge and they were great. The sausage was huge but it was the best sausage ever! Fresh squeezed orange juice. Their jam was awesome! I will forever remember my meals here. The only thing that sucks is that space is limited at the counter. I wish this place existed in Los Angeles .Definitely my go-to place for brunch in Philadelphia! Tasty and giagant blueberry pancakes!I read the reviews on yelp and decided to try this place. Needless to say,  was very disappointed. I ordered cheeseburger and it was the worst cheeseburger I've ever eaten.Delicious homemade food! Everything tasted homey and the flavors were subtle (not overly sweet). The homemade jam was amazing as well!Wow is all I have to say! I went here with a couple of co workers for lunch. The wait wasn't long at all. And our waiter was very friendly and gave us the best options. The food was delicious. I will be returningNever had their food but have had their apple dumplings many times - the apple dumplings are AMAZING and one of the best things I have ever eaten.  Worth a trip to Philly to get these.My sister in law told me their breakfast is really good, but I got there late and ate lunch at the dutch eating place. I had the chicken pot pie and it was ok, the cole slaw was pretty good. The apply dumplngs  are definitely the star of this place. You can get whipped cream or heavy cream. I got the heavy cream and it was so damn good.OMG... this is absolutely the BEST of the best at the Reading Terminal Market and honestly the whole of the City of Philly [talk about comfort food].... breakfast favorite spot almost every weekend and just had lunch devoured an amazing Turkey Melt sandwich (all homemade with such  care). Javin and his family make you feel like part of their family... look forward to next amazing meal & to dine with our friends!!!The Dutch Eating place is right inside the Reading Terminal Market. It's one of the few places to eat with its own seating area, which is a curse and a blessing. I like having the nice Amish ladies serve me but when it's busy (which I'm assuming it often is on Sat mornings), you might have to wait a while in line.
The wife and I had the Apple French Toast special and the Blueberry pancake special. I liked the Apple French Toast more--had a nice texture to it and the apple flavor wasn't overpowering. Each came with a few strips of turkey bacon. This might have been the best turkey bacon I've ever had--really thick meaty strips of bacon. I thought it was interesting that turkey bacon comes standard instead of regular bacon.
We also had a side of eggs and scrapple. This was our first time eating scrapple. I'm not sure if I could eat it regularly since it's probably really bad for you but I'm always willing to try something once. The wife liked it more than I did.
The Dutch Eating Place is only open from Wednesday to Saturday, so don't save your trip here until Sunday--you'll be very disappointed.Great place for traditional Pennsylvania Dutch food, both breakfast and things like pot pie and potato pancakes. Also on the affordable side. Biggest complaint is how crowded reading terminal tends to be. Consider takeout.Besides the fact that I adore the Reading Terminal Market, the Dutch Eating Place is a-ok eats. Cost conscious big breakfasts, friendly service..take a seat, enjoy the diner feel and a homey meal..oh and of course, try the apple dumpling!Great place for breakfast!
Things to note:
* There are two lines -- one for take out and one for seating. Make sure you know which line you're in. Waits can be long, but not terrible.
* Seating -- don't come with more than 4 people. 2 is probably the best number.
* Service -- quick and easy. They've organized themselves pretty effectively, with two bars encircling the staff space so that they can easily bring orders out to patrons.
* Best things to get -- fresh squeezed orange juice, fried apple dumpling, and bacon.
* Overrated, but good nonetheless -- apple french toast and blueberry pancakes.Took me a while to get around to eating here due to its hours and the vast array of breakfast and brunch options in Philadelphia.
There are a lot of places that have better ambience, do more interesting breakfast type foods, etc.  However, I think for pure straightforward breakfast food this may have been the best I have had here.
Eggs were super fresh and perfectly cooked.  Scrapple was delicious - crunchy on the outside and pleasantly mushy on the inside.  And I had an apple dumpling with it which was super.  Can't really be much worse for you than having pancakes or a waffle can it?
Frou frou bruncheries are great and all, but we all just need a good uncomplicated breakfast now and then.The aroma Alone can get it 5 stars but the food is disappointing. 
The French toast is made with regular white bread and the omelets are puny. I've been here 3 times. 
I'm just not a fan of the food. 
But damn...the way it smells over there is heavenly!This was yummy. I stopped in for a quick bite on a Tuesday afternoon during a business trip to Philadelphia. The restaurant is inside a market, and the choices around it (and competing with it) are plentiful. However, this is a solid option. They have daily specials you can check out. I had the grilled Reuben with fries. The fries were smaller and thinner, which I personally like. The sandwhich itself was good, with the bread buttered and seared, which is yummy. I thought the meat quantity was a bit low, and I since I don't eat carbs, I felt I got very little meat. The meat was, however, savory and tasty. Note that drinks do NOT come with free refills. I find that weird for fountain drinks, but it is what it is, just be advised. I would like to try this place again for breakfast sometime.Seriously the best "homestyle" breakfast I've ever had. The vibe is fantastic I'd you like the bustle. His most excellent scrapple... Available at the market.Man it is all true. Simple breakfast menu with wholesome ingredients straight from the farm. Like ham and cheese omelet with white cheese and I thought I heard an oink somewhere.  Friendly and prompt. No Amish mafia shakedowns going on here, haha!  Delicious, but I will have to double up on my simvastatin.Visited on a Saturday morning around 8:45 - my husband and I probably waited roughly 15-20 minutes to get a spot. We had the blueberry pancakes, turkey bacon, grilled sweet roll, and scrapple. 
Blueberry pancakes: good, but not cooked all the way through, so they were a little dough-y. 
Turkey bacon: the best turkey bacon I've had
Grilled sweet roll with pecans: also tasty - couldn't finish the whole thing!
Scrapple: I ordered this since I was in Philly and the kind waitress said it was something to try... but I took about two bites and called it a day. Not my cup of tea.
I'd say if the wait is under 15 minutes, give it a try. If not, there are other options.The prices here are amazing and the food hits the spot. Whether it's the blueberry pancakes or the apple cinnamon french toast, you can't go wrong. I usually go with the french toast special because it comes with three slices of turkey bacon and freshly squeezed orange juice, all for $8! If you're near it, and even if you're not, it's worth stopping by.I had not planned on eating here but after a friend recommended it I figure what the heck can one breakfast do to my blood pump. To be certain not a whole lot I went with blubbery pancakes and a couple of strips of turkey bacon.
The pancakes (2 of them) were some of the more tastier pancakes I can recall having decent size and the turkey bacon was tastier then expected for turkey bacon. I had some orange juice to wash it all down followed by a cup of coffee and neither left me with a craving for more but met simple expectations of OJ and coffee.
The service was nice the counter one can choose to eat sat which I did was a bit tight but I guess I'm getting more wide to especially with all my recent eating.
The leaving my stool at DEP is if in Philly again it will be a place I'm open to returning to if the number of meals I must devour permits as their are other breakfast places I must experience s well, but bottom line I thought it a positiveI came here for breakfast one Saturday morning. There was a large line, but it moved rather quickly. There isn't much seating, and everything is at the counter, so it's hard to come here with a group of more than 2-3 people and expect to sit together. Luckily, they were very accommodating and my 3 friends and I were able to sit together. 
The food was very good. I had the apple french toast, which was delicious. Also amazing was the big glass of fresh orange juice. The prices were very reasonable (as is everything in reading terminal), and I found myself wanted to go back here for breakfast again.This place is awesome! I love the hot turkey platter, however, all of the food to top notch. I have been eating here for years and always have a good experience. It is usually busy, but the servers work hard to keep the line moving and the food usually comes out quickly. The prices are inexpensive and the meal is always delicious.My mom makes fantastic chicken and waffles. I had been looking for a place in the city that serves the Pennsylvania dutch style of this dish - not the fried chicken and waffles most people are used to seeing. When I heard about Dutch Eating Place I knew I had to go. It took me a year to finally get there on a week they were serving their version of this dish. You pay nine bucks and get a styrofoam container with a waffle and chicken gravy, corn, and mashed potatoes. Sides first: pretty good. I'm critical about mashed potatoes, but these were smooth and creamy. The one thing they were lacking was some gravy, though I imagine you could always ask for this. The corn was corn, nothing special. The main attraction: good. Made slightly differently than the family recipe. Here you get a waffle smothered in a thick chicken gravy, which has bits of chicken and onion throughout. No slices or pieces of tender chicken breast - like I'm used to. The gravy was flavorful and creamy. It was good. Would I eat it again? Absofruitly. Is it better than my mom's? Well, is anything ever better than mom's?Do yourself a favor and stop by! Seriously these are the sweetest women on earth. I was going to get one Apple dumpling but ended up getting the three pack to share with friends. By the time I got the bag on the plane the cream had turned to soup obv because it's made from real cow's milk. Anyway the dumpling was absolutely DELICIOUS. It's not too sweet and it isn't bland either, perfect balance of homemade goodness.Believe the hype, Dutch Eating Place is about as good as it gets for a diner. 
Read all the Yelp reviews and I have to say ;
Bacon- awesome
Eggs over medium- set whites with bright orangeish yolks, obviously fried in butter - awesome
Hash browns- these could use some work, i do want crispness, but definitely about 3 x the portion size that was served to me at Down Home Diner across the Market and at Little Petes
Coffee- manageable 
Boss's Egg/Bacon/Cheese sandwich- large large, reminding me of my own cooking
Fresh squeezed grapefruit juice - very nice for a non coastal town
APPLE DUMPLING- APPLE DUMPLING!!!!!!  As one reviewer put it, put that heavy cream on there you wusses! Sooo good.  My boss said it reminded him of meals back in Virginia, melt in your mouth crust and you definitely could taste the real butter and cream and sugar, not corn syrup. 
On a side note, for those of you who can eat the whole thing of that apple dumpling, you amaze me! We couldn't finish the one we had and ended up having to be rolled over to the convention center. 
Definitely will be re-visited if we find our back to Philly.Hands down the best blueberry pancakes I have ever eaten. Highly recommend the scrapple breakfast sandwich if you have a hearty appetite and a taste for scrapple, a salty meat sausage patty.  The sandwich is served on delicious bread with melted cheese. Ridiculously huge portions that would feed a family. Loved every bite!!!   Served by a cute Dutch Amish family.Excellent breakfast! Went here because Reading Terminal Market was around the corner from our hotel, and this place had a line. The line was there for a good reason. Sat at the counter, had the pancakes with a side of scrapple and loved it!Good pastrami and fries, good price, good amount of food, but nothing exceptional food wise. No different then a sandwich and fries at most counters. Service was great.  Would eat there again but nothing exciting _ just average food at a good price.We ordered the Turkey sandwich with gravy and mashed potatoes and the apple dumpling. The apple dumpling was okay, it seemed like every other kind of apple turnover that I had eaten before except this was drowned in whipped cream and caramel sauce. 
The turkey itself was dry but with a little help from the gravy it redeemed itself, however, it was just a simple sandwich.  Two slices of white bread, small slices of turkey, and again, drowned in gravy.  The gravy made the bread soggy.  However, the mashed potatoes were pretty good! My expectations were rather high of the place so I was let down by their food. 
The service here was really good and really fast as well.  So if you want a quick bite then I'd go here. Also the prices weren't insane like some other places in the reading terminal.This place is great.  The blueberry pancakes are great.  It came with turkey bacon.  Ok, ok you don't like turkey bacon, that's what I thought.  I was wrong, it was really good.  Yes you can get pork bacon. The line for a seat moves along.  Don't miss this place.A good place to bring out-of-town guests when visiting the market.  I took a guest there to try shoo fly pie.  Both of us realized we don't like it, but it was still a good experience.  You don't find scrapple or shoo fly pie in many other farmers' markets!
Breakfast is fresh and cheap!Another of my favorite breakfast spots. The Dutch has some incredible eggs, and delicious bacon. While I usually spring for a sandwich, I do alternate and get omelets here from time to time. Their food is always very good, and the workers there maintain the place well, despite the large amount of business they always seem to be doing when I drop by.
My entire job gets breakfast here, and they have yet to make an error with anyone's orders.
I highly recommend them, if you have the time to work through the line.Awesome!  My husband and I went there for breakfast. I highly recommend the blueberry pancakes and turkey bacon.  The pancakes were loaded with blueberries.  Get there early because seating is extremely limited.  The service is  very friendly.  Oh, if you order the eggs, the jam for your toast is homemade and delicious.Great quick and cheap brunch. Food is hot and fresh with no frills. They have two lines -- one is for ordering to take out and the other is for the bar counter seating. Both times I've gone on weekends and the seating line goes insanely fast. Recommendations off the menu are the blueberry pancakes special with turkey bacon and coffee Or any of the eggs platters which come with perfectly cooked hot eggs and two servings of toast with meat. Add the home fries for good measure. Only criticism is the coffee is pretty weak standard diner coffee. But for the service and the price who cares?The apple dumplings are the best!!!
It looks more like a pie instead of a dumpling. We got whip cream on the top and it melted very quickly as the apple dumpling is warm. The texture is moist and full of apple flavors. YUMMY!Walked completely around the Reading Terminal Market twice and finally settled on this place for lunch.  I ordered the pastrami sandwich lunch special. The lemonade was fresh and not overly sweet and the pastrami sandwich was moist and more than enough for lunch with the mashed potatoes and gravy I ordered with it.  Breakfast here looks delicious and I can't wait to try it.Ordered the chicken pot pie, but its delivery was more of a chicken noodle soup with a dinner roll and coleslaw on the side.
Despite its liquidity, the flavors were so spot on and so fresh. The potatoes and handmade Amish noodles provided a nice heartiness while the celery and carrots gave the whole dish a nice sweetness.
Was admittedly a little disappointed I didn't get a traditional chicken pot pie experience, but it was still a very good meal.This is one of my favorite eating establishments on Earth. I lived in Philadelphia from 2004 - 2006 and my husband and I ate there nearly every Saturday. I've tried almost everything on the menu and loved it all - especially the ham loaf, Reuben, corn nuggets, and lemonade. We recently went back after a 10 year hiatus and it was still exactly the same! The service and prices are unbeatable. Going here is an awesome regional experience since their style of cooking is not available in other parts of the world.Amazing!  Best pancakes I have ever eaten. The portions are Huge. My son and I should have split the order of pancakes. I had the blueberry short stack and he had the plain. We only about half of one pancake. My husband ordered the western omelette and it was outstanding. Our bill was only $21 for all three plates. So good that we plan to go back for breakfast again tomorrow.Not the best breakfast in Philadelphia.... I had the apple french toast. No apples, no apple flavor. Bland. Sad. 
My wife had a ham omelet? Or was it? The ham was from a deli, the omelet was also sad. The toast was toast. Grits were inconsistent.
It wasn't bad it just wasn't amazing or "the best". Perhaps Philadelphians like there food bland? 
Highlight of the meal was the fresh squeezed OJ. That was good. The rest.... well I'm glad it wasn't expensive.Stopped by to pick up some lunch with a couple of visiting friends. The super turkey melt was good and filling, but nothing to write home about. My only complaint is that the turkey was dry...as in overcooked. Considering they douse the sandwich with Russian dressing, probably made it edible.Delicious food and friendly service!! I personally hate Apple pies. But there apple dumpling was pretty good and nice twist on it. I ordered the bacon egg and cheese sandwhich on white bread which was very tasty. My gf ordered the same but added sausage to it, id go for one without the sausage. The French toast was pretty bland to be honest. But not the worst I've ever had. All in all pretty good experience.Really solid egg sandwich and omelette. Only reason I didn't give it a 5 is because I couldn't find a place to sit and had to walk back to my hotel on the snow. Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area and need breakfast!Delicious!!!  Grits and Chip Beef over Home Fries and Scrapple!!!!!  Must try!!!!  The entire market is a foodies dream - but breakfast the Dutch way - is the only way to go.If you want perfection, come here. This place is heavenly in every way. Friendly staff, quick service, and food that's to die for. I ordered apple cinnamon french toast, a side of turkey bacon, and fresh squeezed orange juice. All three items were a combo special for only $7.99. If I could have it every day, I would. The french toast was loaded with apples, piled with cinnamon, and waa accompanied by a generous dollop of butter. The turkey bacon was thick, not greasy, and they gave me three pieces. The OJ (fresh squeezed) was amazing. All around, a perfect little place for breakfast or lunch.Stopped in the reading market to find something to eat for breakfast/brunch. And found this place with a huge line and remembered reading that it was pretty goodl. I ordered the apple cinnamon french toast to go which comes with turkey bacon and orange juice. After ordering, I think I only had to wait about 15 min for my food. It wasn't as fantastic as I thought it'd be with all the hype. I feel like they are making too many meals at once for the quality to be amazing. And it looked like the food was just thrown into togo boxes so presentation didn't seem to matter too much.They must bring all the ingredients from their farms.
There is nothing special about this place, but the food is simply very very tasty.
It's got to be ingredients.
And it is so cheap. most special costs about 7 bucks.
Coffee is very good too.Love this place! best breakfast in Philly. Nothing fancy, but great down home cooking, Pennsylvania Dutch style. Everything is good on the menu, fresh bacon, sausage and scrapple. No tables here, just sit at a counter and enjoy the companionship of other diners. The employees are very friendly, and they make the visit enjoyable. After breakfast, stand in line at Beilers and get a blueberry fritter for desert!If you want consistency in food and generous portions at a reasonable rate, this is the place to go.  I had not been at the terminal in a while but when you're in the area you must stop by.  That is, if you can get a seat!  I just had the lunch special, chzburger, lto mayo, FF and lemonade $6 or $7, amazing.  No other words but mouth-watering!It's better than a diner - it's true Pennsylvania Dutch cooking right in Reading Terminal.  A perk of this place is that they have a lot of seating within their space unlike many places that rely on customers leaving their counter to go sit in the Terminal's set of tables where it can be tough to find a spot.  In any case, the wait staff also are an added perk.  Our waitress was attentive to our every need and quickly gave us menus when we sat down amidst a busy morning for breakfast.
We both had the blueberry pancakes with coffee special and really enjoy it.  They serve a large square of butter atop two very large (almost plate-size) pancakes and I left with left overs that I enjoyed this morning (the day-after).  
Highly recommend this place for breakfast - don't even browse the Terminal - just go here right away.Portions are massive, the food fresh if not heavy and prices cheap.  Might just be the best scrapple on earth.  And the best butter.
Healthy? No.  Exciting?  No.  A great example of this sort of food.  You betcha!Amazing food and prices.  Everything on the menu looked reasonably priced.  I ordered a ham, egg and cheese breakfast sandwich $4, coffee and apple dumpling with heavy cream.  The wife ordered blueberry pancakes short stack.  The sandwich was loaded, normally you would get a simple slice of ham but this came with an inch of sliced ham very nice.  Coffee was good but not great.  Blueberry pancake short stack came with a heap of butter and even though it was a short stack it was more than my wife could finish.  The apple dumplings were indeed special $3ish.  perfect ratio of bread and apple...and was a perfectly baked apple.
Seating can be a challenge...certainly a clue you are about to have a special meal.
closed on Sunday and Monday and I think it shuts down an hour before other shops in the market.I stopped by here after seeing it on Yelp and realizing that after living in the area for nine years I never had stopped into Reading Terminal for breakfast or any of the Pennsylvania Dutch treats. The prices here are fabulous, the portions large, and the service speedy and polite. I couldn't believe how quickly I was served and how small the bill was at the end. The food is straightforward and not haute cuisine, but if you're looking for a filling meal this should be your spot. The people watching is good, so come early and see some locals. Be sure to try the homemade strawberry preserves!!apple cinnamon french toast ..probably not the same as the apple dumpling people are talking about....didnt have much "apple-ness" to it.  only saw a little apple sauce in between the egg soaked bread.  dusted with a bunch of cinnamon on top and a slab of butter the size of 4 slices of bread....
i was peeking around and other stuff had huge servings.The morning of Day 3 brings us back to the Reading Terminal Market. in Philadelphia. I checked on Yelp the night before and was guided to the Dutch Eating Place because of the great reviews. We walked up to look at their menu and a couple was leaving their barstools which would allow the four of us to sit down. They said, "It's fantastic food, but be careful what you order. Everything is huge portions!" That was no understatement. We ordered blueberry pancakes, a side of bacon, a side of sausage, a side of breakfast potatoes, milks for the kids and orange juice for the adults. Our total was $17!!! Let me say the pancakes come three to an order and are the size of hubcaps, literally. They rank up there with some of the best I have ever had. The breakfast potatoes were lightly seasoned with Lawry's season salt. They were perfectly cooked. One of the reviewers on yelp said, "I have a crush: the Amish". I could not agree more!I have passed this stand so many times in the past 10 years, and usually on a weekend when it is super crowded.  Well today I passed it on a Tuesday morning, and although it was busy, there was not a long line.  
Our party of four sat down in about 5 minutes for a nice breakfast.   The service here is very speedy and every efficient.  
I recall having a cinnamon apple pancake breakfast which included some turkey bacon. I found the food to be solid and yummy; however, probably not the best I have ever had in the competitive world of breakfast foods in this city.
I would return again if the timing was right.TIP: There are two separate lines, one for take-out and one for sit-down.
WOW, I don't think I've ever eaten pancakes as fluffy as they were here! I ordered the blueberry pancakes which were so HUGE and oh so FLUFFY with a side of 2 very large bacon pieces. My boyfriend ordered the chicken pot pie which was not as good as we were hoping it to be. The chicken pot pie was more like a chicken noodle soup with bits and pieces of the pie crust in a medium-sized container. It was pretty good, but definitely not the chicken pot pie you'd expecting. I've also heard a lot of good things about their apple dumplings! I'll have to give them a try the next time I make a stop here. 
Service here is really friendly! The guy behind the counter was really helpful in suggesting options for us and telling us customers' favorites. The food was also prepared pretty fast, we didn't have to wait too long after ordering from the take-out line. They seemed extremely busy and the sit-down area was also packed. But I think there was a decently fast turn-over rate, so you wouldn't have to wait too long to be seated. If you're in the mood for some good Amish breakfast food, I would recommend giving the Dutch Eating Place a try! You won't be disappointed.A requirement for breakfast whether you live in Philly or are just visiting. Nothing is bad here. Nothing. If you want to go authentic get the creamed chip beef on toast with a side of scrapple and home fries. Pancakes are super moist and on point. Don't miss this place.It was ok. I tried the eggs sausage and potatoes. Meh. My friend had the blueberry pancakes and was very happy. We returned the next morning - after all other Yelpers gave some pretty solid reviews. I had the apple cinnamon french toast. Verdict...meh again. My friend had the pancakes again - and she was pretty happy with them. Verdict, there are other breakfast places in the area. I don't think I would go out of my way to eat here again.Loved this place.  It's a conglomeration of restaurants, groceries, and other merchandise under one roof.  We enjoyed walking through the merchant stalls to see what was being offered.  They had a butchers shop, fresh fruits and vegetables, a variety of restaurants, bakeries, candy store - you name it, they probably had it there.
We ate breakfast at the The Dutch Eating Place (an amish style eatery).  There was a line, so we figured it had to be good, right?  My husband had the blueberry pancake and turkey bacon special.  He got 2 blueberry pancakes that were as big as the dinner plate they were served on.  I had the 2 eggs with toast and scrapple.  I'm not sure I'm a scrapple fan, but I had to try it...  My husband and I shared our meals and couldn't eat it all!
I'd definitely recommend checking out the Reading Terminal Market and the Dutch Eating Place.I ordered the blueberry pancakes special and an apple dumpling. The pancakes were very big and fluffy and good for sharing for two people. It came with a side of turkey bacon and coffee. The apple dumpling was basically an apple pie with a decored whole apple in the middle (not slices). I asked for whipped cream with the apple dumpling and it made it a bit too soggy for my liking. I would do no toppings next time! This place gets busy  so be ready to wait 10ish minutes for your food.Imagine a foggy walk through Reading Terminal on an early rainy Saturday afternoon. Even with dark shades the fluorescent lights are too bright. You need grease. You need coffee. You need it now. 
The Dutch Eating Place will hook you up. 
There's nothing fancy about this refreshingly simple lunch counter. They serve breakfast til 3pm. Their sticky buns are phenomenal with raisins and walnuts. A heaping pile of home fries and omelet-y goodness will arrive with lightning speed, and you will be able to hide in the openness of anonymous tourism.This was my first visit to Reading Terminal Market and Dutch Eating Place. I got the special of the day: Apple French Toast. It came with fresh squeezed oj and turkey bacon; I bought a side of home fries. Everything was delicious from the fresh churned butter on my french toast to the thick cut bacon. I have to go back because I haven't had an apple dumpling yet!On one of those educational family vacations that I only appreciated in my adulthood, I was dragged unwillingly to Lancaster, PA to learn about the Amish.  I was predictably bratty through the various farm and cultural tours, but when it came to the food section, I was transformed into an eager and attentive (if also gluttonous) tour participant.  It was a magical day when I tried my first corn chowder, and even more importantly, my first apple dumpling.  The Amish apple dumpling is a deceptively simple yet life changing dessert.  
I've often relived the magic of that moment at Dutch Eating Place in Reading Terminal Market.  Their apple dumpling ($2.75) is quite authentic and delicious.  A whole cored apple is spiced with cinnamon or nutmeg and wrapped in pastry dough with the apple intact.  Then the whole thing is baked and buttery brown sugar and cinnamon syrup is drizzled on top.  As a fatty complement, the apple dumpling comes with cream on the side.
PARTING THOUGHT: If an apple a day keeps the doctor away, I'm pretty sure that an apple dumpling from Dutch Eating Place not only keeps the doctor away but also keeps a person healthy, wealthy and wise...Went here for breakfast 3 days in a row!! Go early or be prepared to wait. We arrived when the doors opened at Reading Market and it was worth waking up for.Well worth the wait on a Saturday morning. Apple cinnamon French toast and blueberry and plain pancakes were delicious. Servers and staff were great!Dutch Eating Place has AMAZING scrapple. The first time I went I got a scrapple egg and cheese sandwich on toast, and I didn't love the sandwich (it was a little soggy and I wasn't a fan of the eggs). I loved the scrapple though, so the second time I ordered scrapple and one egg with toast. Ordering an over easy egg to go was probably not my smartest decision (in the two minutes it took for me to get to a table, the yolk was everywhere!) but it was still delicious. The portion of scrapple is huge and cooked perfectly -- nice and crispy on the outside! I'll be back for sure.Food is amazing, and after a long walk from the hotel, the ac in the reading market was great.The Dutch Eating Place is within Reading Terminal. Once you order you will have to find seats around Reading but there is a large seating area by the Nut Store and Restrooms. We ate here because we heard good things about their food and felt that we needed to get something Amish while in Philly. I ordered the scrapple and scrambled eggs plate which also comes with your choice of white or wheat toast. For those not familiar with Scrapple, it is basically Dutch spam. I wasn't sure what to expect but it was pretty good. It has a sweetness to it. For those with issues with food texture might not like it because it is crispy on the outside but soft on the inside. But overall it exceeded my expectations and I'm glad that I tried it. My friend ordered the blueberry pancake and it is very buttery. The coffee is very hot so let it cool down before drinking it.HAVE AGAIN: Really fun place to go - I was the first morning customer. OJ very good, wished I'd seen the grits - they looked great. Good service.
NOT HAVE AGAIN: Real disappointment  for the apple French toast special. French toast was nothing special and I asked for regular bacon but got the tasteless turkey bacon.As the founder of the Yelp Haute Dumpling Club, it is safe to say I've had my fair share of dumplings in my lifetime. Living in the Washington, DC area most of the dumplings I have consumed are of the Asian variety so when I was in Philly I was excited to try the stuffed breads of the Pennsylvania Dutch and the Polish.
I had an hour to kill at Reading Terminal so I pulled up my trusty Yelp app to lead me to the best of the best in this crowded market. Dutch Eating Place immediately popped up on my radar. While many people were waxing poetic about their scrapple breakfast, I was just one tiny Asian girl with a mission to compact as much food from as many different stands into my stomach in a limited time, so I had to narrow down my choices to one and the apple dumpling was the winning entree!
Yes, I said entree. It is listed as a dessert but this "dumpling" is not the cute tiny dumplings I am used to seeing back home. This dumpling is bigger than my big, round, moon face. When I ordered, the cashier asked me if I wanted heavy cream or whipped cream on it. I had no idea why anyone would pour heavy cream on top of a pastry so I went with the whipped cream. It came out hot and steamy in a styrofoam container. I opened it up and it literally looked like one half of a whipped cream bikini...it was that big y'all.
I thanked the Lord for my opportunity to join the Apple Dumpling Gang and dug in. Turns out an apple dumpling consists of one whole cinnamon apple baked into a giant crust. It was delicious! But way too much for one person to consume. I took three more bites and to the trash it went. 
Totally worth the $3 or so, but please for heaven's sake...BRING A FRIEND...MAYBE THREE.  This dumpling is not for the faint hearted.Good, but not great food. Bland but usually large portions. Don't waste your time on the cheesesteak. The dessert is great,  though.  The apple turnover was delicious. The price was low and definitely right for the taste.Those little Apple Turnovers are like little Angels covered in Whipped Cream. I couldn't help stuffing my face.I've always loved Reading Terminal Market but I'm never really there at breakfast. This time, I was staying across the street, so what the hell.
This place is awesome, when I say these are the best blueberry pancakes I've ever had, I mean it. Unless you are Paul Bunyon don't order 3! I made the mistake, I didn't even come close to polishing them off. I also got a side of scrapple, which you can't get in north Jersey that much, which is why I love coming home. That too was delicious. But seriously, when the server asked if I wanted 2 I should have listened, but they were falling off the side of the plate. 
The server was super sweet. There isn't much counter space so either get there early or wait awkwardly in the back for someone to get up. The reason it gets 4 stars and not 5, is one pancake was actually slightly under cooked with some raw batter, it didn't matter because there was plenty more cooked pancakes. Also, you can pay with a card but I couldn't leave a tip on it, glad I had cash.
Overall, a great breakfast spot and cheap, I spent 12 bucks for pancakes, coffee, scrapple and tip.Fantastic breakfast and great prices! Fast and friendly service. Ordered a breakfast sandwich on kaiser roll, one of the best I've ever hadHands down best breakfast joint in town. Been here three times since 2015, tried their Thursday specials. Blueberry pancakes are enormous, the apple cinnamon french toast good, turkey bacon were fresh, and the turkey bacon egg and cheese on a bagel is divine. The butter and the jam are the must-haves! Most of all, the genuine smiles and hospitality of the Armish were welcoming. 
They are fast and fresh. I ordered my apple cinnamon french toast at 8:02, was served at 8:06, and outta door by 8:16! I