I was working in the neighborhood and fell in love with this place. It's such a cute place for breakfast and coffee. The bagels and specialty sandwiches are great.At the moment there is street construction so please support this business but don't expect to eat outsideDo not waste your time, too many other great places to go for breakfast in Old City.  Extremely slow service for mediocre food.I couldn't tell if this hot, cramped space is trying to be a coffee shop or a cafe. I wanted something close to my AirBnB for breakfast, and this place had good reviews on Yelp.  There were only three people in front of me in line, but the line moved excruciating slow. It took 15 minutes or so just to give my order. There are also a lot of delivery guys and people picking up orders going in and out. This place isn't set-up for that. The register is right by the door, and the people coming in for pick-up jostle the folk standing in line. It's very annoying.
The coffee doesn't come with refills; that really doesn't matter because the coffee tastes like warm water. I ordered the Angry Pig omelet; it was more like a scramble. It came on a piece of cardboard - it reminded me of a drink carrier - that was difficult to eat from. There aren't any napkins on the table, so I kept mistakenly using my mask as a napkin without realizing it was my mask.  The potatoes were good, but the omelet, which was overpriced, didn't have any flavor. I wouldn't come back here again.Excellent breakfast spot in philly. Had the angry pig omelet and a coffee. Both excellent. Be careful though. The angry pig is spicy!This has amazing food. Ordered the avocado toast and it was delicious, well seasoned and an ample portion. The classic oatmeal had a large serving of berries. Great customer service. We had a large group and everyone was raving about the quality of the food. Yum! Will definitely come again!This place is AWESOME and just what old city needs! They are now open on Sunday's; which is a GAME CHANGER. I got the Eggsponola and it was fantastic. I'm so excited we finally found our new Sunday spot.  Great service, friendly staff, all around great experience!A good brunch place with sandwiches and coffee options. The food is good. Lots of orders were online. Walk-in is welcome. We were the first in line and placed order for two sandwiches. It took close to 35 minutes to get these ready. Considering this is not the best of the times it was ok. But a little bit of attention by the person in the counter and letting the customers  know there will be delay would have made the wait bearable. Three stars for that reason.
Changed to 4 stars with owners response.First time at eggscellent cafe, I ordered the Sunrise Sammie without the bacon and added avocado. Yum!! A very cute cafe with plenty of seating and greenery. They offer a variety of lattes and smoothies, the Nutella latte was good. A new favorite!SO good! Fresh food and friendly service. Recommend the Classic Eggs Benny ($12) -- fresh eggs, tasty Philly roll, and super crispy potatoes! Great little spot in Old City!It's such a great breakfast and brunch spot! They have delish options for vegetarians and meat eaters. The Angry Pig is a must try, and the potatoes are crispy to perfection. Their bowls are also amazing, my personal favorite is the Brekkie bowl. The inside is adorable, but they also have nice outdoor seating on a quiet street and their food travels well for takeout / delivery.Great food and a wide selection of food options. Our family loved this place. The menu had something for everyone, from vegetarians to meat-lovers. The cream cheese French toast was the best we've ever had. The only negative to our visit was slightly slow service (the food came out one plate at a time over a 20 minute period) and that everything was served using single use plastics. Overall, this place is highly recommended!Among the best in the area for food, service, comfort, and speed. Amazing chicken pesto. Great smoothies. And they serve pancakes. I mean, come on. What more do you need? Newly opened as of this review so, anointing for growing pains, I hope this place survives and thrives.Awesome avocado toast and eggcellent tea! Get there early there are very few breakfast restaurants open in old town so seating is limited.We are visitors and searched Yelp for a good breakfast spot near our hotel with indoor dining since it was a chilly morning. This place was incredible. Delicious breakfast sandwich and a breakfast plate. Good coffee. We sat and watched the Monday morning delivery and noted that all ingredients were extremely fresh and high quality. No wonder it all tasted so good. Efficient and hardworking staff. No doubt we'll return tomorrow before we depart.Love this place! Food was amazing; staff, friendly; ambience warm and inviting. And I encourage you to check it out!OMG, best eggs benedict I've ever had (marriage of avocado toast and benedict with truffle oil). My wife said her "hot chick" sandwich was one of the best she's ever had. Friendly staff.Picked this breakfast spot because it was located close to a friend's place. I've driven by it and loved the name. But I was so pleasantly surprised at how great everything was. They have a wide selection of coffee drinks. The Vietnamese iced coffee was my choice and it was just the way I like it. My friends and I ordered a bunch of things to try out the menu and it was all great. Everything came out quickly. I ordered the Naked Burrito with a side of potatoes. The potatoes were the unexpected hit of the show. Hot and crispy and so flavorful. I'd come back just for those little crispy on the outside, soft on the inside little nuggets of flavor. They also have a good selection of pastry items that were great too. The person taking our order was also very nice, all in all, a gem of a place and I'll def be back!This place is great. Had an omelette. Potatoes taste almost deep fried. Good smoothiesMy day started out late and was looking for a breakfast & brunch place. I checked Yelp out and thankfully found this hidden gem..
  We had the "EGGCEPTIONAL" breakfast sandwich and  the breakfast Quesadilla. We substituted chicken for the meats. We also had an Incredible Hulk smoothie and a green tea. EVERYTHING WAS ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS, SEASONED WELL, TASTY  AND FRESH..
  The place was clean and they have a few tables to eat in. The staff was friendly and even brought our food outside to us while we waited..THANK YOU..
 I would definitely recommend you go here and get some eggcellent (lol) food.
 And we're on our way back to New York with a great startThe epic hash was everything I'd ever want in a breakfast, quick service for quality food. I will definitely be coming back. And the workers are so kind and seem like they do everythingWorth the wait! I ordered around 10:30 on a Sunday morning and was immediately notified that it would be around a 35-45 minute wait to pick it up. The staff was very friendly and accommodating to every customer waiting for their order, the kitchen isn't that big so I can totally understand the back up on a weekend morning. My food was ready in the time stated and it was SO good. Will definitely come back :)Had a very good breakfast. Small but nice place to have breakfast. I had the breakfast sandwich and the bread was so soft and amazing. Would definitely recommend you try this place.Great menu and delicious food. It may be a bit of a wait as their kitchen seems small, but it's not too bad. Love that they are now open on Sundays, as well. Would definitely recommend!Eggcellent has some of the best breakfast food in the city, particularly their breakfast burritos!  I get one (or two) every week!  My girlfriend loves the breakfast tacos which are also amazing.We had Grubhub deliver two sunshine sammies. These things are L-E-G-I-T. Egg, bacon, sausage, and even with a delivery delay the buns were still crispy. Admittedly I knocked a star off because it was a little bland for my taste but if you need a quick and VERY hearty breakfast, look no further.I've been a few times now and I love it here! It is so cute and you could either sit down or take your food to go. They are very friendly and willing to accommodate. So happy to have a new breakfast place in the area!Eggcellent indeed! Really good and highly recommended. Need one of this in New York.
Friendly staff!Tried this place right before the pandemic and then just ordered takeout (they deliver!) recently and still love this place so much! First time I went, my friend had the breakfast burrito and I had one of the eggs bennedict dishes (I forget which one). This time we ordered an egg and cheese with sausage, the eggspanola, and the incredible lox.
Everything is very good, well seasoned, and fresh. There was so much lox in the lox sandwich, definitely good bang for your buck. 
Once it opens up again, definitely go for an in person visit. The cafe is super vibrant and cute!My wife and I met my son and his girlfriend this morning at this place.  What a great place.  I had the chorizo breakfast tacos, my wife had an omelet and the kids had green goddess sandwiches.   Psssst - The hidden gem were the crispy potatoes.   
The place was packed and the phone was ringing off the hook, but we got our food pretty quickly.   It was worth the short wait. 
The tacos were the most flavorful breakfast tacos I have ever had and they did not skimp on the filling.  Just the right amount of spice to make my bald head sweat.The food here is delicious and the juices are great. I highly recommend going here if you are into breakfast or brunch. The only unfortunate problem is that there's only one of these in the city because if there was one near me I would be there every day.We stopped in for breakfast since it's right near our Air BnB.  So tasty!  Super cute and the staff is friendly.  Good coffee  We had a waffle (served with ripe and delicious fresh berries) with eggs and bacon, a Monte Cristo bagel sandwich, and the Sunrise Sammie (BEC with hashbrowns on toasted challah).  My only gripe would be that it didn't all come out together.Awesome late breakfast! Just the thing after waiting 2 hours in the cold to see Independence Hall. These folks know how to do breakfast right! Daughter had lox sammie and I had the sammie w sausage, bacon, egg and hash browns. Delish!Ordered the Farmers Platter with over easy eggs. Everything was delicious and the eggs were perfectly cooked. The staff was also friendly and helpful. Service was a little slow but it was nice to eat in.Food and service was great. Good to have a place for brunch where it won't cost you an arm and leg. They also have great smoothies.Came here at 8am on Saturday morning on our way to New York and so glad we did!! I wanted everything on the menu... settled for the Angry Pig omelet which did not disappoint. I had to eat in two sittings due to portion size. The ham and sausage was amazing... the omelet was nice and fluffy with just the right amount of sauce and cheese (not smothered). The home fries were crispy and flavorful. 
The hojicha latte (i got it iced with oat milk) was delicious but on the sweet side. Overall loved this place!!
Covid: there are a few tables and chairs if you want to sit outside but takeout was fine. Options to call ahead or order online for pickup.Walking in, you can seat yourself. Grab a menu and order at the counter when you're ready. The place is nice, just wish it was cleaner. The tables weren't wiped down well and had old stains from the previous slob. 
I got the breakfast burrito with breakfast sausage and my friend got the eggs Benedict. I didn't get to taste the benedict but she stated it was really good.
The burrito I got was really good, I wish i got two. 
Some veggies, eggs, hashbrown and breakfast sausage in a tortilla can't be bad! The side sauce paired well with it!Stay away unless you like waiting an hour for cold breakfast food. We had average expectations and were shocked at the lack of communication and common sense by the not so Eggcelent staff. 
Going in, we knew it was going to be a peak hours Saturday morning breakfast and were prepared to wait. What appeared on the menu seemed to be a solid breakfast yet what transpired was inexcusable. 
We waited over an hour. The Eggcelent system must rely upon customer telepathy because the hand held buzzer the staff gave us never buzzed,
lit up or indicated anything. So by the time we noticed people leaving with carry out orders (and who had been waiting for less time than we had) my wife asked where our food was. 
The answer we were given was that our order had been called. Ok so what was the point of giving us a non-functional order buzzer? We weren't the only diners with problems. Another family had also waited an excessively long time for their breakfast order. In addition to other complaints I have noticed here in Yelp since. 
We were also disappointed because the Old City location was great and we were excited about trying a new restaurant. We won't be returning after the experience today.Prices are good, and the quality of food is "egg" cellent. I purchased the classic bacon egg and cheese, and all the ingredients tasted fresh. My partner for the French toast and I was surprised out how big it was. Their lattes are decent as well- the coffee tasted premium.I'll be honest: I didn't expect to like this as much as I did! Raw tomato and raw spinach aren't usually what I look for (or like) in my breakfast burrito, but they didn't distract from the meaty bacon or perfectly crisp hash brown. The only thing I'd change is that it needs more/better distributed egg (the ends were lacking).I've tried Eggcellent Cafe twice now. Once we ordered from the counter and ate at their only table outside on the sidewalk, and today we ordered Caviar delivery. Both times the food was incredible. I can't believe how many different menu items they have! So many options of different egg sandwiches, eggs Benedict, egg platters, egg burritos, and egg toasts. 
The first time I ordered the green goddess which is an egg sandwich with tons of arugula and avocado. It was massive and soooo delicious! 
Today I ordered the salmon lox bagel with egg, avocado, tomato, and cream cheese. It was amazing!! Very messy, but worth it. My husband got a fried chicken eggs Benedict with potatoes and it was delicious too!!
The portion sizes are very big and the sandwiches are massive. I could eat here so many more times and order a new thing each time. Highly recommended, I will be back!Incompetent staff and long waits for average food. Last Sunday I came here to pick up food for a friend who was visiting from out of town. When I arrived I told the staff that I was here for a pickup and gave them her name.  They nodded and turned around.  I thought they were getting her food, but after 5 min, I asked again about my pickup.  One of the employees then looks at the computer and says that they do not have an order by that name.  I then ask what they've been doing for the past 5 min then. She then asks how the order was placed and what it was for, and I tell her GrubHub, and she repeats that they do not have an order for oatmeal in my friends name.  I show the staff my screen shot of my friend's order, and then I call my friend to tell her that they don't have it.  As I'm doing so, I look over to my left and notice packed bags of you know what - pick up orders! I notice one that has my friend's name and phone number, so I pick it up and show it to the staff. They note that it also has two coffees, so they make the coffees, and I take everything walked off annoyed.
Apparently when I first walked in and said I had a pick up, the employee just basically ignored me and went about her business. Whey they didn't just tell me where to find the pick up orders is beyond me. And why they just let me stand there while they didn't offer any service in finding my order is also beyond me.  Worst service ever. 
The food took over an hour and was pretty basic. And the coffee wasn't prepared to request.
Won't be returning. Wouldn't recommend.  There are better places to go that have much better food and better customer service.Stumbled upon this place when I was looking for a quick brunch in the neighborhood.  AMAZING food!  I got the chorizo breakfast tacos -- 3 huge tacos loaded with egg, spicy salty ground chorizo, a sprinkle of cheese...  a pile of fresh cilantro, pico, and a drizzle of creamy lemon aioli balance out the salt in the meat.  Comes with a big side of roasted breakfast potatoes.  Come hungry!!!Soo good!! We got sandwiches to go and the food was fast fresh and delicious. I would love to come back and try some breakfast dishes and coffee.Found this place close to our hotel thanks to Yelp!  It has the same hip/casual atmosphere like most of the restaurants we went to in Philly's Old Town.  The ingredients for my eggs benedict were topnotch, even though they used crusty bread instead of an english muffin, and it was put together perfectly.  
Message to management... ditch the cheap plastic flatware and use metal, or at least stronger plastic.  The struggle it took to cut through the crusty bread almost cost you a star.  
Otherwise, I'm happy we dined with you.Went in there to pick up breakfast to go and as I was waiting I noticed the cook was wearing his mask around his chin, breathing on all the food. I pointed this out to the person at the counter. Her reply: "Oh he is wearing a mask." I suppose that was technically a true statement. I got a refund and left. Failure to adhere to the most basic safety standards in front of customers really calls into question what safety shortcuts are being taken when customers cannot see.Fantastic food! If you have a chance to eat here you won't be disappointed. I had the chorizo hash and my friends had the breakfast burrito, quesadillas and omelette. All delicious and reasonably priced.Best Breakfast in philly! Would recommend to everyone. Great prices, great food and great drinks!The avocado toast is anything but basic. Full of flavor with the truffle oil. Also got their rose latte which was SO good! You can walk in and order and seat yourself which makes this a quick and easy brunch spot! Would def go back againWe just blew in from Texas and were told this is the best breakfast location within walking distance to Penn's Landing. They're wrong - BEST breakfast we've had in years. My husband chose the Tex Mex and loved every bite. I went with the Eggspectation. So very yummy. Ashley was super helpful with tourist questions. Everyone was so nice. Cute, sassy decor and great food. What's not to love!This place was delicious! Great for lunch - it is just on the small side and is quick-serve rather than sit-down service. I wish we knew this further in advance. The place is adorable, though, and there is a lot of nice decor. 
They have a wide selection of food, and you can find the menu online. I got the veggie burger and my boyfriend got the Fully Loabreakfast sandwich. It was DELICIOUS - the veggie burger had lots of vegan toppings on it (like veggie bacon and vegan mayo). Just be aware that the vegan mayo is VERY spicy! But overall, we were both super pleased. I would definitely come back here.This place was delicious! Great for brunch - it is just on the small side and is quick-serve rather than sit-down service. I wish we knew this further in advance. The place is adorable, though, and there is a lot of nice decor. 
They have a wide selection of food, and you can find the menu online. I got the veggie burger and my boyfriend got the Fully Loaded breakfast sandwich. It was DELICIOUS - the veggie burger had lots of vegan toppings on it (like veggie bacon and vegan mayo). Just be aware that the vegan mayo is VERY spicy! But overall, we were both super pleased. I would definitely come back here.They ran out of numbers and forgot what we ordered. 30 minutes to get oatmeal and seeing people come and go who placed orders at the counter is unacceptable. Very disappointing.Great food...slower than usual service. Come if you have time because the food really is amazing but probably not a good fit if you are in a hurry.I was happy to see this cute little breakfast spot open up down the block from me. If it was really good I'd probably become a regular. Unfortunately, My first visit was disappointing. I went with my girlfriend and we placed our order at the counter, received a number, and sat ourselves at a table. My girlfriend's order of eggs, homefries, toast and sausage came out first. We waited a few minutes thinking my meal would be out shortly. Once it was clear my order was not on it's way we both dug in. The eggs were already ice cold. I liked the home fries and sausage. My french toast order  came eventually. The french toast was delicious. The best part of the meal. But the bacon I ordered was missing. My girlfriend went back to the counter to inform the staff and I got my bacon a couple of minutes later. The staff was apologetic, but the damage had already been done. Then to top things off a possibly homeless man came in, made a glass of water, and  sat down behind us and started talking to himself. That made things a bit uncomfortable. He asked for the bathroom and was directed to it, despite the sign saying bathrooms are for customers only. Then he sat down behind us again and was trying to make eye contact with me, so I had to avoid his gaze while also eating and keeping an eye on what he was doing. I was relieved when he left. Staff does not enforce the bathrooms are for customers sign. They are willing to take the risk of non customers scaring away paying customers in order to avoid confrontation. That's a bet they will win half the time and lose half the time. This time they lost. The meal was not good enough to put up with that again.OMG! The food was so tasty. We ordered and picked up from our hotel and the oatmeal was SUPERB. It was sliced almonds and fresh strawberries and blueberries on it. The Turkey Bacon was thick and fresh with very little fat (but were still HUGE pieces). The iced coffee with oat milk was tasty and filled with lots of caffeine. Eggs were also cooked to perfection!So good! Had the banh mi burger and it was refreshing and not as heavy as a regular burger. Definitely will be back to check their other delicious breakfast sandwiches!Being a Chef ,not at all what I expected.
I will not go into specifics however ,the Short Rib Benedict.
Let's just say I'll stick to Green Eggs Cafe ,Executive Chef Tom Murphy of the entire chain,good friend of mine , can recommend a few points of interest,flavor profile on this "take away", was 100% wrong.
Good execution however.We found this place for quick afternoon smoothies and lattes, all excellent! While we were we read the breakfast menu and knew we had to come back. It did not disappoint! The Green Goddess sandwich was amazingly good, the Sammie and Eggspañola were delicious too. We got it for takeout. Everything was perfectly packed, hot and ready when we arrived. All employees wear masks too. Highly recommend!This is my favorite breakfast / lunch spot in old city. I go 2-3 times a week but would go every day if my wife wasn't so great in the kitchen. Everything I've had on the menu has been above and beyond expectations. Savory get the angry pig, sweet get the montecristo, healthy try a brunch bowl, later in the day get the fiery chicken. The bacon egg and cheese is the best in the city. Something else on the menu is calling out to you? Get it, it's probably delicious.
Picture is the Angry Pig Omelet.So delicious! I loved the atmosphere and the service, I'll definitely be back next time I visit the cityThis early bird catches the worm!
How I ended up here is another (long) story, but I will say that I spent the good part of an hour walking around Philadelphia one brisk February, looking for any place not a "cafe" open when I was up and about.  My diversion to cafes comes from a need to have substantial meals constantly, so the lighter fares of these establishments is not up my alley.  With even the various shops of the Bourse closed this early, I trudged on, ironically coming closer to the hostel in which I was staying.  Eggcelent Cafe finally came on my radar as I returned to where I was staying, planning to show up empty-handed and start on another search, willing to settle this time around.  I will start by saying that I did not settle on absolutely anything with my order; granted, with tip it was close to $20.00 for my meal (a smoothie and a burrito), but it was a special occasion, and you would not have to get one item or the other, cutting your costs in half and making for a much more affordable meal.
Eggcelent Cafe establishment has a nice patio outside and the feel is modern and appealing inside; in various locations, the egg theme is definitely apparent, with chairs scattered throughout.  There are definitely a bunch of places and ways to sit, whether you want a cushioned seat or a high-top chair; this contributes to the homey feeling of the place even though the ceilings are quite high.  Their menu has a great deal of variety in every section, and you can tell some serious thought was put into the flavors.  Further, this place really does boast a large amount of customizability, something sought-after these days.  You can tell that they care about serving you really nutritious food, as the ingredients are listed under all of the menu items.
As I said above, I ended up getting a smoothie and a burrito (which I ordered to go, as I had to get back to my car).  The smoothie was fresh and flavorful, with all kinds of berries and definitely nice and thick, still fit for drinking.  To eat, I ordered as breakfast burrito, which had so much going on in it, I am still in shock at how wonderful it tasted; I am hugely against anything that is mushy, and with spinach in it, as well as the fact that it was taken to-go, I was expecting to be underwhelmed, but this burrito continued to blow me away!  Here I was, having walked a good deal through the city, exhausting the majority of my options, all of the local ones, and I did not expect the variety they offer.  Just to throw this out there, they offer turkey bacon, and I have to admit that putting it in a breakfast burrito is a top-notch choice.
I only rate a place with stars based on the quality of the food, but there is so much to be said about this establishment.  The value for your money is off the chains here, because there is some serious care that goes into the food they are serving, even before it gets into this establishment.  Right off the bat, the fact that they were one of the only (best) places open when I wanted food speaks to their quality in a time of hunger, something all places should speak to.  The employees are incredibly enthusiastic and friendly, even with my substitutions, and they definitely knew the menu front-to-back, easily able to help if needed.  Finally, the main attraction, the food, is nothing to shake a stick at, and even passes the "to-go test," where I make a point of not eating it fresh for one reason or another.  This is hands-down, the best early-morning spot for some delicious and wholesome food to wake up to!If you're looking for a brunch place in old city, this is the place to be. The place is aesthetically pleasing so take all the picture you want. But the star here is the food. I mean anything you get on the the menu is guarantee a   10/10. Definitely come here early because it tends to get busy.French toast is amazing. Fresh berries, just yum. Coffee is strong but good and fresh. Add a side on bacon. Would stop over and over.Not sure how this place has so many high ratings when my experience here was horrible. 
Came in with my boyfriend to grab breakfast since he said its a new spot that just opened up near him. 
We came in and weren't even acknowledged by the staff, so we just stood in the line waiting to order. It took them some time to actually ask us what we wanted, to me this was a bad start! 
So we ended up ordering the farmers breakfast, which was eggs, toast, and potatoes, my boyfriend ordered the french toast. I also ordered a peach tea. 
It took so long for the food to come out, and when it did, only half of our order came out, which was cold, so we shared it until the other plate came out, which took even longer.
When it comes to the egg platter, it was cold, and when i went to eat the toast i bit down on waxy paper, which appeared to be the paper that is on the butter, smh! it was the worse! and when my boyfriend was trying my iced tea he sipped up plastic! It was from the tea bag--  we think anyway... 
So after we picked at the one plate and were annoyed, we sat and still waited for the other plate to come out, it finally did but was missing the bacon! SMH The worse experience ever! 
Other people who were in there, looked like they were having issues as well and I heard a few other people complaining about their experience. 
I wouldn't come here again!Great place, really fast order time even for food and honestly the best coffee I've ever had (Nutella latte)This is such a cute brunch cafe. I love the little yellow details . The food also exceeded my expectations. The portion size was hugeee. I think one entree would have been enough to share with my friend haha. Now we know. 
Banh mi burger was surprisingly so good. Fresh veggies and juicy burger. 
Sunrise sammie had a really crunchy hashbrown. It was just perfect. *chef kisses* 
Came on a Tuesday morning and there were only 2 people working at the time but food came out relatively fast and the quality of the food was amazing.Super busy. The food was meh. Honestly, I got the classic eggs Benny, and literally 50% of the ham was inedible fat. Like... you have eggs, potatoes, bread, ham... I can't even get a proper serving of the only thing that costs more than a jumbo tootsie roll? #givememyfockenhamThe sandwiches and smoothies have been excellent.  We have stayed in many areas of Philadelphia and my kids actually said that being able to eat breakfast here is a reason to choose this area for future stays. Staff is friendly and there are a few tables inside and one outside. We highly recommend this restaurant.It was my first time in Philadelphia, visiting for a concert.  I was super hungry so I went here as a recommended spot close to Apple Hostel.  After I ordered my food, I went to find a place to sit down and the only table available was dirty.  I asked if I could have a rag so I could clean it (I'm a server so I understand when it gets busy).  I was sitting at the table and the girl came over and starts wiping the table to where the food was flying toward me.  I said, "wow, thanks a lot..that's pretty rude though".  Usually, when you wipe a table, you wipe to gather the food so it doesn't go flying at the customer.  I didn't get too mad because I think she may have been incapable or was new.  She didn't say she was sorry or talk to me at all.  Then, later she gave me a sugar donut.  She still didn't say anything.  Sometimes people just want a verbal acknowledgement.  Some customers are still jerks even when you say you are sorry, but at least the manager could have said something if the girl is mute.  The French toast was really good!  The music was really depressing and it added to more of my sadness.  If I visit, I will just order Togo.OK I'm tired of cheap shiplap and design aping Waco's first family. Even the  plates are Target's Gaines. So the trendy decor is nothing notable, verging on passé. That said, breakfast on Thursday though not great, was more than OK: 2 poach eggs, bacon (They we're out of ham), toast and coffee. Hard to mess up. In fact, the eggs were just the way I liked them: runny enough to sop up the yokes with the toast.
While there were only a few customers, service was slow. I can't imagine what the wait might be like if there were a rush. 
There seemed to be confusion about clearing the table. Is there an expectation of "self-bussing." Some patrons were carrying cup and dishes to a sideboard (resulting in a visual mess) and others left theirs on the table. I saw no staff member clean off a table in the time I was there. I think the restaurant is understaffed.
Will I return? Probably. Three reasons:
1. It's close to my house.
2. Roughy $10 for breakfast in Old City isn't bad--however, there is a tip jar by the cash register--I don't know who gets the tip. The person who takes the order? The cook? The invisible busser? I dropped $2.00 in anyway.
3. The coffee was good and the eggs the way I ordered.You couldn't find a place more up my alley than this. I looked for a breakfast place near my hotel, saw the name of this place, masked up and ran down. The menu was almost overwhelming to me in its sheer eggy options.  There are copious options in the categories of benedicts, skillets, burritos, bowls, omelettes... even burgers topped with eggs.  I was on the go for the day, and with Covid restrictions didn't really want to dine in anyway, so grabbed a Green goddess sandwich to go, which featured Scrambled eggs topped with nicely melted chihuahua cheese, avocado, greens and a basil pesto on multigrain toast, which was quite tasty, as was their coffee.
Service was a tiny bit slow, but I know that is understandable as places grapple with current conditions, and there did seem to be a number of delivery orders that needed to be prepared as well.  I enjoyed my breakfast, though I have to admit that grabbing a quicker and (slightly) healthier option slightly broke my heart (figuratively.  probably a better choice than most things on the menu for long term heart health!).  
While a quality Sammy to go, I suspect the true gold of this place is coming in, sitting down, and ordering a huge, sloppy bowl or benedict, and I hope to get the chance to come back and do that sometime.  Maybe I'll even be bold enough to try whatever the heck a "philly muffin" is.The food is very good but the service and execution are awful. There were only three tables occupied when we arrived and it took more than 30 minutes for our food to arrive, and even then one arrived a full 5 minutes before the other. How could they not have orange juice on the menu? Maybe it's because they are still working things out, but for now, it's just not worth the time. There are better choices in the neighborhood. This is a great concept very badly executed.This place is amazing. Delicious food! Wonderful staff and a cute vibe! The avacado toast and sunrise sammy were absolutely delicious. I would put the Sunrise Sammy as one of the top 5 breakfast items I have ever eaten! The staff is incredibly nice and personable. This isn't a place for formal brunch but is amazing if you want some delicious breakfast.LOVED my breakfast from eggcellent cafe!! I had the tropical smoothie and truffle  advocacy toast and both were delicious. I would absolutely recommend - prices were good and food was fresh and flavorful!! There are SOO many options - I will definitely be ordering again.Yummy, yummy, yummy. Really excellent food, super fresh ingredients, delicious brioche roll, perfectly poached eggs, friendly service - they even had treats for our dogs! Tip: review the menu in advance because there are so many tasty options, you'll need time to narrow down your choice.Food is amazingggggg. Got 2 Benedict's - chorizo and lox. They were both so good. The potatoes was flaky and extra crispy. However... the wait was around 40mins. (Order placed 10:35ish, received food by 12:15). This was our second time and the first time we also waited nearly the same. The first time we went, the place was packed with people were waiting in line out the door so that was understandable. However this time, it wasn't even that busy. One table before us received and finished the food before we even got our food. I'm just confused on why it took so long. Maybe they forgot it or something. People after us waited around 15-20? I love the food but will be hesitant on coming back since the wait is ridiculous. Parking around here limited to 2 hours so we spent half the time practically waiting for the food.Food was delicious, service was a little slow, but there were a lot of people who ordered take out that were given priority over eat-inGreat little place. Good choices for breakfast, I had the Philly Benny. Also great latte choices, I had the honeysuckle latte. Nice, quaint environment, looks like it is Asian owned as most of the staff was Asian, which is a plus because I love supporting minority owned businesses.Had a good breakfast sandwich here. Bacon egg, cheese and hash browns on a croissant!