was a bit disappointed with their tacos al pastor.  had a lot of meat but were slightly bland and no pineapple.  the tacos al pastor at Los Taquitos de Puebla nearby are much better.  salsa's were a bit bland, too.  will not be returning.Very tasty n authentic food. Reasonably priced too. Will definitely visit again for some more jalapeño stuffed chicken tacos!!Shrimp burrito is amazing, I dream about it every night. Always fast delivery. 2 thumbs way up.Man oh man this place is a sea of awesome foods and you will not know which one to get. Walking in you see a tiny little place that seems very homey and family owned. Looking at the menu you see fantastically delicious and overwhelming perfect dishes all smothered in cheese and sauce and awesomeness.
I got the nachos cause nachos are the best. Friends of mine got the burrito, quesedillas, and enchiladas and all were as magical as riding on a rainbow during sunset.
Food was good, service was mediocre. But honestly, the food was so good I didn't care.
Go, it's brilliant.I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food, but I do enjoy a good taco. In my admittedly limited opinion, El Jarocho has the best in the City. Their steak tacos are excellent, forcing me to make a weekly trek down there despite the fact that I live in University City. I've tried the Mexican Burrito once, and while it was ok, I just can't help ordering the steak tacos with a Mexican Coke and flan for desert every time. Aside from that, the chips with the pinkish/orange dip is a great combination. Another positive: the place is BYOB, so you can come in with a six pack of Modelo Especial or a bottle of Cuervo if you so desire. 
On the downside, they have one waitress who doesn't speak English especially well and tends to mess up my order slightly (I always get my steak tacos without onions). Now that I know what a "cebolla" is I don't think that will be a problem anymore.I'm glad I gave this place a chance, as I got nervous from the neon sign screaming "Tacos" and shaped like a Taco Bell taco.  Try to understand where I am coming from - I have been traumatized by some terrible food here in the city and/or puzzled about things like putting cheddar and lettuce in a taco.
Their tacos are actually very good and huge, so you get filled up.  The meat reminded me a lot of tacos in California, and that's a good thing.  And no damned  lettuce and cheddar cheese.  My boyfriend got a chicken burrito that was the size of an adult cat and he said it was delicious.  I want to try their burritos next, though it will be a tall order to beat out a San Francisco burrito.
The service for take-out was a little slow, but I could see that there were a gazillion delivery orders they were getting ready before I came in.  The waitresses were nice and the interaction gave me the chance to use what little Spanish I have.
Oh, and they have champurrado.  FTW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Other posters say this place is inexpensive, though I think that's relative.  I'm used to paying (when I lived in Cali) 1-1.50 for a taco and under 6 for a burrito, and under 10 for a non-seafood plate.  This place, and all others in Philly that I know of cost far more than that.  I guess Mexican is more of a treat here, rather than the staple it is in Cali, hence it's something you get when you have extra money, not something to go out and eat everyday.  But I digress...Yesterday 3/14 I decided to eat in El Jarocho. I ordered enchiladas de mole con pollo with horchotta to drink. The enchiladas were very good not spicy at all. The food was served very fast. Before the food was served chips were given with salsa verde on the side along with another sauce that I'm not sure what it was called. The other sauce was delicious! I will be back here again soon. Thanks for another delicious meal El jarocho!I'll keep this one short and sweet. I've been here 3 times now.  Good, authentic Mexican food! Have the Pasole, it's high quality! Only wish they offered a side of oregano and pepper flakes with it. Good tacos and even better Carne Asada. Guacamole is fresh and service is ok. I definitely recommend! I'll be back soon!sssshhhhhh go away....don't go here. 
Let it remain pure. Let it remain simple. 
Mexican simplicity done artfully in a low-key,but tasteful environment. 
Service was impeccable. Food was excellent. Prices were fair. Selection was awesome. 
Get it now before something changes.This place is a little hole in the wall place in Bella Vista right near the Italian Market. Their menu is extensive and very cheap, with portions being more than generous. The servers are always pleasant and ensuring you are enjoying everything and checking up on you. I tend to switch between the tacos and burritos, but I have also tried some of their entrees and have never been disappointed. They start the table off with free chips and salsa (as well as this creamy sauce). It is super filling and super tasty; I would definitely recommend this authentic mexican place to anyone who is looking for cheap, tasty, and filling eats!I suggest getting take out from this place. The food is excellent but the service is terrible.Great shrimp burrito! Great, homemade food. They also have an extensive menu. Also had their horchata which was good but very sweet (typical). 
It's a small place and while their prices are good, I think it's a few dollars more per item then I would expect from the location and type of food.This my second favorite place for authentic Mexican food, great food, service and prices also a great place for breakfastThis is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Philly! I come here or order delivery pretty often. The service is decent and food is AMAZING!!  It's reasonably price for the huge serving size. They are very quick! 
I have tried their tacos al pastor but their bistec encebollado it's heaven and huge! Definitely recommend it.I was in the area for an appointment and looking for a place to grab a bite and -- whoa! 300+ reviews?  And this place is within a 2-min walk of where I'm standing?  Off I go!  It looks like a family-owned restaurant and is pretty spartan in general - maybe 6-8 tables, 1 waitress, etc.  I was the only person eating there the entire time I was there (granted, I was there on a week night a little before dinner hours).  The phone was ringing almost nonstop though, I assume from take-out orders.  
Complimentary chips to start with.  My bistec dish was huge.  The meat was a little saltier than I would have liked but nevertheless, a large size.  Tons of sauteed onions, fresh guacamole, accompanied with pico de gallo, rice, and beans.  I ate all I could and still had tons of leftovers.  Not a huge space if you're bringing a large group - like I said, kind of spartan; tiny bathroom, 1 server, etc - but more than satisfying for a hungry diner.When I moved to Bella Vista, my new roommates raved about this Mexican place nearby. Although I had loyalties to Taqueria Veracruzana, one evening I decided to check out El Jarocho for a change.
It's not a very large place, maybe seating for 20 max, so if you're with a large group you should prob call ahead. But it's welcoming, with kitschy Mexican/southwest decor. The two TVs are usually blaring Mexican shows, often soccer games, for a nice change of pace (unless that's what you usually watch, i guess).
Service is friendly, although it might be a little slow if they're swamped during the dinner rush. I don't usually mind, because I'm chomping on the complimentary freshly-made corn chips with salsa and this amazing creamy pink sauce. Brilliant.
Food is decently priced, with burritos in the $8-9 range. My favorite is the house specialty, Jarocho Burrito, packed with large shrimp in a spicy sauce. Also good is the Azteca, with pork and tasty nopales (sliced cactus). They're in pretty sizable portions, enough to save for later unless you've really got an appetite. I've been meaning to try the specialty dishes, but I'm way too into the burritos.
Other pluses are that they're BYOB, they take credit cards, and they deliver (including that mysteriously addictive pink sauce). Move over, Veracruzana, I've got another favorite.I dig it... I've been a couple times and haven't been put off... that seals it for me - they're the big winners.
But I never did get my car back from the valet....Cheapest, most delicious steak burritos.
If the bright, neon lights on its windows promising "Burritos, Tacos, and Enchiladas" don't get you in the mood, then the smells of steak, chorizo, and bell peppers wafting out into the street will surely call to your taste buds.  A little South Philly haven for Mexican food junkies and late-night stumble-upons alike, everything about this place is authentic, from the mi casa es su casa atmosphere to the Virgin Mary shrine in the corner.
Love the atmosphere. An array of colorful Mexican Jarrito sodas lines the countertop.  Behind this, cooks expertly chop, flip, and dice on sizzling grills.  Beautiful men and women on telenovelas are displayed on screens above.  
A waitress ushers you to a table where woven trivets, fake flowers, and a bottle of Cholula hot sauce sit.  She produces two bowls of dip and a basket of thick, crunchy chips.  The salsas are an unnamed mystery and vary between five different flavors on any given day, but the best is a creamy white sauce that tastes like sour cream and a touch of chipotle - great for cooling down spicy foods.  
I literally order the same thing every time I come here: the steak burrito. And for good reason. It's entirely worth the $8.00 considering it's about eight inches long and three inches thick. It might as well be two for the price of one.  Usually prepared in less than ten minutes (if it's not busy), it's jam packed tight with savory strips of steak, hearty beans, fluffy rice, cheese, diced tomatoes, lettuce, onion, and delicious chunks of cilantro.  Its outside is delicately drizzled with sour cream.  Served on the side is a salad of lettuce, tomato, and some sort of crumbly cheese.  The presentation is very flattering and you're often faced with the decision to eat it with a fork and knife or to just pick it up and get your hands messy. I prefer the latter. Scrape the sour scream off with the side of your fork and pick it up dos manos style. Dig in.
Hint: A drop of Cholula with a spoonful of the mystery white sauce complements the burrito's flavors perfectly.  Trying to stomach the whole thing in one sitting can be a daunting task, but a refreshing bottle of Coke helps to ease it down.  You might be too stuffed to stand up afterwards, but for the price you paid, it was well worth it.Had a fantastic burrito, and their guacamole is spicy and amazing. They have a great choices at good prices, and are a standout in an area with several other good Mexican options. Not much seating in the restaurant though, so takeout may be the way to go.After trying dozens of very very good Mexican restaurants in South Philly of which there is no shortage,I have settled on EL Jericho.The food is always fantastic weather I eat in or have it delivered nice staff great placeNot impressed at all. I went here because my husband raved about this place and their shrimp burrito. It was very pricey and in my opinion not worth it. I would rather Taco Bell. Not sure what their other food is like but from my experience I'm not sure I'd try anything else.El Jarocho reminds me of home cooking I grew up on. When I get homesick, I order a side of beans and rice and some new menu item or make the short trip from Center City over 13th and Ellsworth. I've brought so many people to the restaurant and have ordered take out from them so many times that the delivery man, Orlando, recognizes my voice.
My most ordered menu item: torta de milanesa de res. I adore tortas. Call me simple, but they're one of my favorite foods, mostly for nostalgic reasons. Their tacos are delicious too. El Jarocho's al pastor rivals some of the al pastor I've had back at home in LA and they're always willing to add extra pineapple to my order of tacos. I personally enjoy that their tacos come with a side of spicy sauteed cactus but I have had them be a little too overcooked and salty.
Their takeout is always quick and fresh, but as a native Spanish speaker, I have had a little difficulty ordering. I've given my address in both English and Spanish only to receive a call a little later asking me to repeat where I want my food delivered. Nothing too bothersome but something to look out for if you're not a Spanish speaker. 
Eating in is pretty nice too. It's a BYOB, not in the sense that you can bring in tequila and expect them to bring out margarita glasses and a pitcher of mixers, but you can bring in a cooler of beer. 
I usually skip bringing booze in because they have a pretty great selection of glass bottle Mexican sodas - especially my beloved Sangria and Mexican Squirt. They also serve horchata but unfortunately it's one of those pre-mixed dispensed ones, like the ones found at little Mexican mall joints in the Valley, versus the giant glass barrels filled with fresh made horchata. I don't think they serve agua frescas however they do make their own squeezed juices. 
Long story short, this place is amazing. Don't expect anything fancy but the food and people are what keep you coming back. The place is clean but on the small side but they're accommodating to groups for up to 6 people.Just ordered delivery and it. was. AMAZING. Their carnitas tacos were perfect as usual. Some restaurants have too much cartilage and fat in their carnitas but these are always excellent. Showed up quickly and still hot when they arrived. But the sauce. They gave me the white sauce for the first time and this sauce is indescribable. I could put it on everything and it would be delicious. El Jarocho is one of the best Mexican spots in Philly!I ordered 3 tacos- El Pastor, pollo y carne asada. My favorites were the pollo y carne asada. The el pastor lacked the little sweetness I usually like from the pineapple- just sort of wished it had been more pronounced. But, all of the meat was tender, moist, and the portions were generous. Sometimes, with your chicken or steak taco comes the unwelcome puddle of grease the meat has been sitting in, but not here- just enough moisture without the unwelcome guest...
The guacamole and salsa were just okay and the tortilla chips were a little meh. The tacos though- they totally make another, and another, and another visit totally worth it.Why didn't I go here when I lived 5 blocks away? Sigh
So do you like burritos as big as your head? I sure as heck do! 
Seriously this is my favorite place for date night, and it is cheap!
First things first...The chips are super yummy and still warm, the dipping sauce and salsa num num num.  I can get my Pina Jarrito...tasty. 
On to the food. The portions are huge and everything is amazing. The now have a Jarocho Torta( I think that is what it is called) and it is seriously something out of man vs food. Huge doesn't even come close to the size of this beast. It takes the whole specials board to list all of the ingredients on this monster....one being a chorizo omelette! 
It is on the small side so a head's up...I assume it can get really busy at certain times. 
I could go on and on about this joint but I'll end this by saying get there pronto tonto.2 words: shrimp tacos!... oh and add some guacamole, lime, cilantro and onion. 
absolutely outstanding.. really, El Jarocho! 
you are top notch in my book as far as great authentic mexican food. 
I am already looking forward to our next timeWe can't seem to go more than about 2 weeks (sometimes less...) from ordering El Jaorcho's delicious, authentic, affordable mexican goodness. The portions are enormous and the flavors are consistently spot on. 
Our regular favorites are the Mixed Fajita (which is enough to feed 3 hungry people), the Tacos Al Pastor, the Enchiladas Verde (YUM!), the Vegetarian Burrito, the Shrimp Fajitas (again, massive), and ALWAYS with a side of Guacamole (which although the priciest item--is well worth it!)
The refried bans are the best I've ever had and just thinking about the Verde sauce is making my mouth water!
They will deliver just about anywhere with a large enough order. You will not be disappointed!The food was good, but cramped quarters, lousy service and too long a wait make this a no-return for me.  Best suited for take-out.I love this place with all my heart. As a CA transplant, I am always craving a great burrito or tacos and El jarocho hits the spot. The meat isn't as crispy as some of the taco trucks out west, but it is flavored well. The salsa here is really what puts this place over the top. Their salsa verde, creamy jalapeno salsa, and spicy chipotle salsas are to die for. I always get this for delivery and am never disappointed with the taste, speed, or prices. They are cash only if you order delivery, so keep that in mind. It is a little hole in the wall so it is nice for smaller groups, and is BYO.Me n my girl come here at-least once maybe twice , maybe even three times a month for a shrimp and steak burritos, which are phenomenal btw, there salsa and chips too,( which are complementary while eating in) but my eyes have opened all the way when I took a left out my comfort zone and chose there ALAMBRE!!!! You will never look at Mexican food the same ever again. I would give them 10 stars if I could. I will continue to be a regularBest tacos in South Philly, maybe all of Philly. The Cantina has nothing on this place. If you're having trouble sleeping, get the burrito because it's huge and delicious and will induce an immediate food coma. The guac is homemade and a gigantic portion. The tacos are authentic. Tortilla chips appear homemade as well.I grew up in Southern California, and lived on the West coast for 25 years, so I feel like I can judge what tacos from a taqueria should taste like. I've been to El Vez and Pico De Gallo (which I also like alot) but the carnitas here was just the way I like it! The tacos were piping hot, there was tapatio and salsa (also great). Its also super cheap! $6 for 3 tacos, which are pretty much bursting, seems like a screaming deal as far as I can tell in Philly. Washed down with a mandarina Jarritos and basked in the glow of Telemundo, it felt like I was back home in California.Best Tacos of all time.So much flavor!So juicy!I ordered the steak tacos with side of sour.If you're looking for super authentic Mexican place this is the place to be.Atmosphere is pizza shop like but prices are very cheap also.I have tried Loco pez (great atmophere ) or Prima Pizza Taqueria (Great after hours tacos) and this the place to be if you're interested sorely in food and flavor.I get tacos (on occasion something else) from here 1-3 times a month.
Good stuff.  In a pinch, I might prefer Acapulco on 9th better, but just barely.  Probably by about the margin Phelps beat Cavic for that gold medal.I ordered online something called alambre which had a price of 12 dollars ...when I went to pick it up they charged me 16.20!!!!!....are they serious. ..overpriced place never going there again. ...for that price I could of gotten 2 dishes in any other Mexican place. . 
Carisimo restaurant no lo recomiendo. ..A couple of colleagues of mine had El Jarocho deliver to our office and was pleasantly surprised on how flavorful the Al Pastor Tacos were.  Besides the great flavor, the portion sizes were just right for a quick lunch.  The pork was cooked well and above all the spices/sauces complimented the tacos perfectly.Another neighborhood joint that I would not describe as a hole in the wall. Telemundo or some variant, and soccer are always on the television when you walk in. Service is attentive, and the food comes quick.
I only get the vegetarian burrito and some of the sides here, and they alone are enough to keep me coming back. Of course with any Mexican cuisine, I practice a bit of don't ask don't tell in regards to it being vegetarian. If you're worried, the pico de gallo is well worth the price. Definitely wish they had more options.
Also, it's clean and you can see straight into the kitchen, which a lot of Philly places seem to be lacking. Maybe this takes away from the atmosphere for those seeking the stereotypical?
I have no idea what authentic Mexican food tastes like, so I guess everyone else that does is either Mexican, has traveled to Mexico, or dated a Mexican and been invited home for dinner.We love their food, often do take out or delivery.
We usualy get the Fajita Mixtas which are very tasty we order Pico de Gallo often.
Fast deliveryHorrah! EXCELLENT AUTHENTIC MEXICAN FOOD.
Does ANYTHING ELSE even matter???
I have been here at least 3 times. The food is the best mexican food in Philadelphia (that I've had so far) and is authentic mexican food that you would find IN Mexico/ South America. 
Inside everything is authentic Mexican as well. The decor, the tv stations, the music, the spanish menus, etc. 
The place is small and doesn't have a ton of room but doesn't matter, the tables are still spaced far enough apart.
This place is fast, affordable, and has delicious, authentic food that is not easy to find in Philly. If you're not one for crazy authentic mexican food and dishes that you haven't heard of before, just stick to the tacos. These are well made, simple and taste great. They have a good set of homemade sauces and spices that you can supplement your food with that isn't just run of the mill hot sauce or even salsa. They have pretty generous portions too so you'll always leave this place full.
The only thing I disliked about this place is that the delivery guy complained right at the door about his tip and kept telling me how far he had to come and that it was cold. I tipped the standard amount and I don't appreciate that at all. That's not going to convince me to suddenly grab my wallet and just take everything I have in there and give you more money, it's going to convince me to not order delivery from you ever again. They also don't take credit cards for delivery.  
Will come back here often and recommend it to anyone who likes real mexican food. If you live close by then get delivery. If you live far away, you're better off coming in. (Kind of the opposite idea here but that's what the delivery boy taught me.)Before I walked through the wonderful doors to this amazing place, I admit my friends, I had no idea what Al Pastor style tacos were. All these years, lost and confused and without this most delicious thing in my life. How did I live? Eat? Well no more. My eyes and tummy have been changed. 
These tacos are a slow roasted pork in a chili sauce topped with chunks of real pineapple to break down the meat to a tender, rich, and flavorful taco filling. As soon as you take a bite you get the spicy, the salty, the sweet... it is all there and exploding on your taste buds like the crescendo of an 80's rock love ballad. Awesome. 
Take these tacos down with a real sugar Coke and life is good. Real good. If beer is your flavor catch a 6 pack on your way over, no liquor license but BYOB is the name of the game!
This little place packs a most delicious punch that cannot be missed!We go to lunch here at least once a month. Enchiladas Verdes is my go to dish. Tender white meat chicken, queso fresco, chopped onion, and super delicious savory green sauce and rice and beans. I think it's actually a breakfast dish but it's just awesome and you can get anything on the menu at any time. If you're hungry get the triple enchiladas which comes with green, red and mole sauce! Very good burritos tacos and Mexican sandwiches too. I love the complimentary chips and fresh salsas they put on the table upon arrival. Oh yea!Very good food! I had the steak and bacon something-or-other. Good price for a huge meal.A swell place to go to avoid the sorts that haunt the Cantina, as well as the crowds that tend to build up 'round La Lupe.
It's best to get food to go here, they only have a few tables in the dining area.
Otherwise, their food is amazing. My boyfriend got tacos that were spilling out of the shells in all their sloppy gloriousness. I had a craving for tamales (which is why we got Mexican food in the first place) and was sad to see them not listed on the menu... but don't be fooled! You just have to ask for them. They're super cheap, too, p'haps about a $1-1.50. Their side dish of rice and beans is HUGE and can easily be split between two people. Unless you want leftovers for later.Parking was a breeze and there seems to be a good amount of bike parking also. We were greeted with menus and a smile. Chips are served as an appetizer with salsa roja and a sauce I'm not familiar with, but would like to get to know more(chipotle mayo, for the gringos I'm sure). The menu is extensive, including breakfast and weekend specials. Very authentic options, no chimichangas here. Every flavor of Jarritos if you were wondering. Very large portions and robust flavor. Would definitely come back.I have found a replacement for Jose Taco (still missed)! I had the vegetarian burrito, a friend got the chicken burrito, and we had guac on the side. We got complimentary chips and salsa to begin with, and that green salsa is like addicting. It's so spicy and so delicious. I asked what was in the other dip, and it's mayo and cheese...I didn't like it. The burritos were quickly made, and were so good, which is all I really care about so 5 stars!
They could redo their menu, it's a bit hard to read. Not a con for me, because I loved the food I got so much.
Update: So I've been back, and the salsa and burrito weren't as spicy. It was kind of a let down, but I'll try asking next time.I came here with a friend to eat a few weeks ago.  The food was excellent and the service was quick and friendly.  I would certainly returnYummy!! Flavors are on point, freshness on point, happy tummies on point. I'm a guacamole lover and theirs is pretty good, taste like they make it when you order it. Had a couple dishes from here that garnered my first word. The surf and turf (chichen, shrimp and steak dish) delicious.  The churiqueso (steak and sausage dish delicious. The spicy shrimp dish (#54) delicious. I heard their tacos, enchiladas and burritos are all delicious. All these delicious things at 1 small, neat place.My boyfriend and I went to El Jarocho for the first time the other night, after hearing great things about the place, and we were not disappointed.
I was sort of upset they only serve the famed slow-cooked lamb on the weekends, but we settled for the beef ribs in red adobo (costillas de res in adobo rojo) and the Mexican steak with tomato and jalapeno (no onions).  Both were served with refried beans, a nice dry Mexican rice and a side of warm corn tortillas. Nothing fancy -- just simple, homey and delicious!
My favorite was the beef rib entree  -- the cross-cut ribs came drowning in a spicy, thick, maroon-colored sauce, and they were just falling off the bone. I swear I can't get them out of my mind. 
Can't wait to go back! If they served booze, this place would be perfect!The bf and I was craving Mexican food so instead of trying to find a fancy spot we decided to try a mom and pop Mexican restaurant. 
There's no parking lot so your best bet is street parking. We got lucky and found parking nearby. The restaurant is small with 2-2 seaters, 2-4 seaters and 2 -6 seaters. 
We got complimentary chips and dip. Then we ordered nachos which came with just pico de gallo. We expected some cheese on it but we didn't make a fuss out of it. I got the camarones al ajillo ( garlic shrimp)  and that bf got chicken tacos. As we got our food , the bf was not satisfied with his order. Instead of tacos he got fried rolls topped with a mountain of lettuce and cotija cheese. My order came out lovely and very tasty however the plate was overwhelmed with oil! With my garlic shrimp I had yellow rice and a side of salad.  It would have been a great plate but that oil was all over my rice and even my salad. I couldn't finish my plate  because of the thought my arteries were getting clogged up as I ate. 
Overall experience was ok.I am a big fan of El Jarocho - it may be my favorite hole-in-the-wall Mexican place in all of Philadelphia. I've only ever gone to the store to eat, so I can't speak to the delivery service. However, you will not be disappointed. 
Their best meat is probably carnitas, although chorizo comes in a close second. Try it on their tacos or burritos, which are both ample in size. Their al pastor is a little bit too dry for my taste, but throw some of their just-spicy-enough guac on there and you'll have no problem eating their offerings. 
All in all, great Mexican food. Sometimes, the service can be a bit slow, especially since they only have the one person waiting on tables, BUT if you are not in a rush and are looking for great Mexican food, definitely try this place!For my money, this is the best, and I am not exaggerating, the best Mexican food in the entire city. I have never had a bad meal there, either from taking out or eating in. Everything is fresh and delicious, and I can't stress this enough.
The one major downside is there is no online ordering, and the woman who answers the phone does struggle with her English. She is super friendly and you just have to work with her, but it can be a struggle sometimes. Through it all though, they never get an order wrong and everything is perfect all the time.If not the best taco in town, El Jarocho's is clearly within the top 5.  Be sure to ask for the different salsa's they don't just offer them outright - there is a great creamy jalapeño and chipotle.Tacos are excellent, you can get a $9 huge burrito, quick and friendly service... and my favorite thing is the amazing sauce that comes with the chips and salsa (I also like to put it on my tacos). Will definitely be back!Excellent, fresh, delicious food!!!!! Quality ingredients. Good portion sizes. Good service. Clean spot. Best authentic mexican food.been looking for the hole in the wall mexican restaurant and this is it!
house made chips with 2 different salsas (actually ours was a verde salsa and a creme salsa), al pastor tacos stuffed to the max with warm corn tortillas and radishes and great enchiladas with verde sauce.  the horchada is pretty great too.  
fyi: the enchiladas and the tacos are on their breakfast and lunch menus which you can order anytime.
we'll be back!Come here for the nopales. Stay for the tamales. The mole tamal is out of this world. Great for breakfast.A small place with only a few tables, but every time I go there seems to be one empty...  (Did I mention:Free Delivery!) amazing food and the prices aren't bloated. I personally only stop in for a quick order of tacos or a burrito, but they have a rather extensive menu with breakfast and dinner entrees as well. What makes them different from the masses of other South Philly taquerias is the sheer amount of wonderfully cooked pork/beef/etc they pile on. Like most good Mexican restaurants, you get your money's worth... Try their beef tongue tacos! Best Mexican in Philly!My favorite spot for Mexican in Philadelphia. As played out as it is to get nachos at a Mexican place, they make the best I've had.Absolutely Great!!! Found this place on Thrillist.com under best taco shops... They were 100% correct!!! Authentic Mexican, fast service and fresh food. Made to order and chips and salsa on the house. Salsa verde is perfect, just spicy enough to enjoy with the homemade chips. Portions are satisfying large and the service was quick and friendly. Highly recommended!WOW!  This is the most tender Al Pastor I've ever had!  A huge burrito comes with rice, beans, cheese, al pastor and grilled fresh pineapple.  They put the lettuce, pico de gallo, and sour cream on the side, so you can reheat the leftovers and not have soggy microwaved lettuce in there!  Genius!  We also tried the nachos, which was shared by two of us... we could've had a third person too.I turned to Yelp for good Mexican and found El Jarocho!
The place was fantastic!  I went for a late lunch and was the only customer there.  Service was fast & friendly.  Tortilla chips and a creamy green sauce were thrown in with the meal.  My giant burrito of chorizo and chopped vegetables TOTALLY hit the spot!  And meanwhile Mexican pop music played on and on, with the horns and dance beats providing the perfect accompaniment!
The last time I had a Mexican food experience this good was in the Mission district of San Francisco.  Maybe people from out West won't think El Jarocho is special, but for us here in Philly?  Man!  It's the best there is!  Definitely try El Jarocho next time you're in South Philly.  You won't be disappointed!One of those places that makes you want to move to the neighborhood. Not fancy in any way, but who cares if the food is tasty? I particularly like the tacos - I've tried the chorizo and chicken-stuffed pepper ones. First of all, seasoned chicken inside of a deep fried jalepeño is wonderful enough. But then these people had the audacity to put that into a taco. May Jah pour blessings in this restaurant's direction. I also enjoyed an enchilada with mole sauce once. I really like exploring their menu - a lot of great options!
I also recommend ordering an horchata - their version is heavy on cinnamon, which was a pleasant surprise. 
I look forward to coming here many more times in the future.I crave burritos on the reg. A few weeks ago, my mom and I ordered some from El Jarocho after doing a little neighborhood burrito web browsing. I ordered the food, which was a little difficult with a language barrier but they got the order just right, two chicken burritos, no sour cream or cheese. The burritos arrived within fifteen minutes and they were HUGE. Delicious, warm and home-made, just the way I like it. I loved the way the beans were mashed up inside, and the chicken was cut up in little pieces so I wouldn't have to worry about choking. The salsa verde, which I have recently discovered a love for, was fresh and tasty. Just enough zest. They give you extra lettuce and pico de gallo to add in, which I most certainly did.
We scarfed these bad boys probably a little too fast and got a little bit of  a stomachache, but it was well worth it. 
i even ordered another one yesterday and it was just as scrumptous.This place never disappoints. I always order delivery and the good is always on time and the options are delicious. The bad: It's a cash only place. 
I've had many different menu items and the vast majority have been delicious. My friend is a vegetarian and she loves the options they offer. 
This place is affordable. The service is great and the people are awesome. Def recommend!Never had a bad takeout from here. Friendly staff and excellent food. Definitely the best Mexican delivery place and in my top 3 of all Mexican food in Philly. Authentic and cheap to boot!The worst Mexican food I've ever tasted. The nachos were coated with some form of rubbery crap that resembled and tasted like melted plastic. Really really bad. I still get shudders thinking about it.My wife and I stopped in last night for dinner and again the food will not disappoint. She had the Back To Life which is a giant bowl with a gespacho type broth and filled with shrimp, mussels, squid and artificial crabmeat. I also had this on another visit and it was great but hers last night had some chewy bits and was a little disappointing. I took my buddy Lawrence K's advise from his review and had the triple enchiladas which is actually on their breakfast menu. One each in a green sauce, a mole and a red sauce over rice. The mole and the red sauces were the best, the green was a little weak. We also ordered a side of fries so we could dip in the pink sauce. Overall we are still big fans and will return.Very tasty Mexican food. We had tacos and Camarones a la Mexicana. Service was very personable and the restaurant has a nice neighborhood feel. Prices were ok - not very inexpensive, but not unreasonable for the portions sizes and the quality. Recommended Mexican food joint in Philly!My favorite place for chicken fajitas in the city of Philadelphia.  They are not specifically listed on the menu, just ask for them.  They do not leave you feeling greasy or gross after eating them.  Service can be slow, but it's a family run place with the same hard-working staff day-after-day.Really not that great. It's good but I prefer Veracruzana which is on 9th & Washington. I think this place is convenient because it's in a good side of the Bella Vista neighborhood and not far from the Ellsworth-Federal stop on the Broad Street line...BUT...overrated.
Sorry, but it's the truth.OMG.
This is one of the BEST Mexican meals I have ever had. No joke. I am literally wishing I was back at this place right now.
Seemed to be super authentic but most definitely insanely tasty.
I ordered the breakfast special (number 1) and really enjoyed my meal. Would have to say it was the best brunch I have had in a very long time.
Can't wait to come back here the next time I am in Philly!We just postmasted El Jarocho and had the fastest turnaround on quality authentic Mexican food.  Try the mix 3 tacos done to perfection or the nachos add chicken. Top notch authentic neighborhood Mexican.El Jarocho is exactly what I need in a taco place! I will never turn down free chips and salsa, and it's a great way to start off. For those who are more mild salsa fans, the complimentary salsa does have quite a kick. 
The service was very friendly and quick! For having such an elaborate menu, I was impressed with how quickly our food was delivered to our table. I went for the steak tacos, and was delighted. The portions were generous, and the tacos were hefty! With three per order, it was a solid meal for under $10. 
There is a limited amount of seating - so this would not be the place for groups larger than 6, especially during the dinner rush. I will definitely be returning whether for dine-in or takeout - I'm happy to know of this quality Mexican food establishment!So I'm here from NYC came here to see my sister. We read loads of reviews & decided to come here instead of a place called "pistoles" anyway let me get to the point ...... It SUCKED!!!! 
Let me tell you how tasteless this place is & how the waitress lacked all communication skills. How can I order something I want if I can't even get through to her. She straight up told me I can't have shredded chicken on my rice when they have it in an enchilada form. 
The shrimp tacos taste like they're out of a can. Don't get! I advise DO NOT!! 
Steak tacos were bland , dry , lacked in flavor. Waste of calories! 
They gave us a complimentary chips and dip and the chips tasted like fried pitas. 
I can't believe this is considered "AUTHENTIC" if this authentic Mexican then I have been living a lie my whole life. 
Save yourself taste, calories , money , gas etc
The hot sauce they had on the table helped with taste tremendously but who goes to a restaurant to have a plate full of hot sauce. 
Wow what a disappointment !!!Awesome place to get real mexican food.  Had the Al pastor burrito and horchata .... awesome.... I wish we had place like this where I'm currently at.  If you are in philadelphia, its worth the walk down there.  Get the Horchata to drink.This is my favorite taqueria in Philly.  I used to live a few blocks from El Jarocho (and a few others).  They all serve more or less the same dishes and have similar atmospheres, but I prefer El Jarocho.  The chicken tacos are my favorite (3 for $6), washed down with a limon Jarritos.  
I often take guests from out of town to El Jarocho and they all love it, usually mentioning their tacos even weeks later.  Recently, I took a friend from Germany to El Jarocho and she absolutely loved it.  I'm sure she'll have flashbacks of El Jarocho's football-sized burrito the next time she hits a German Mexican restaurant!qualifier: I hate taco bell and fast food in general; i'm a hole-in-the-wall kind of person.  I just ordered burritos and enchiladas from El Jarocho at 6:30 on a weekend and had them delivered to my door in 15 minutes, and i live over a mile away!  delivered by a friendly man on a bicycle still wearing his apron.
the food is authentic mexican.  the chicken in the burritos was all-white meat and seasoned like it was cooked along with the onions and peppers.  there is large portion sizing, along with rice, beans, the works.  the food isn't jaw-dropping delicious, but it is solidly good, hot mexican food.  i am so excited to have found good, cheap, delivered mexican food!Small but mighty.  There's not a lot of seating but they have great food.  Their burritos and tamales are the best and the prices are good.This place is just around the corner from our one office. We fight to work out of this office so we can go here for lunch. We are regulars and they may not know our names,  but they do know our orders by heart.  Let's not confuse friendly and personable with language barrier. This is the real deal... Catus included if you ask...yummy.
Their soft tacos are available in three meat choices and the must try Mexican Sausage our favorite. Small yes, busy sometimes, short staffed likely. Authentic, delicious, affordable ABSOLUTELY!!! Would make 4.5 stars if an option. If I have to say it is a little tight, noisey and busy. But it's a corner row in the heart of South Philly with 2 hours free street parking everywhere.  Would love to see them get a bigger space. I'm still going back every chance I can.I've came here twice both times with friends and loved it both times. I said in another review how much I like Mexican food but I'm no expert on what's authentic or not. What I do know is that this stuff is extremely good (and Authentic Mexicans make it).
My problem is when I go some place I have this aversion to asking question about the menu. So when there are terms I don't understand I just close my eyes and hope for the best (I think this affliction is called being male). So I didn't end up with the same meal as I did the first time but it was still good. 
The place is very affordable and very good. I want to go back, and if it was closer I'd be there multiple times a week.