The owners are so nice and the tacos were delicious. I would definitely suggest the creamy chipotle salsa. Their chicken is okay, a little overcooked and dry but I would definitely go back.I really have to give this place 2 thumbs up. Delivery was solid, guac is bomb, carnitas tacos are amazingly flavorful and my Coca Cola came in the old school glass bottle. What more coulda girl ask forReally great tacos!! I came here with a few friends, and we wish we had discovered El Taco sooner! The tacos are delicious, highly recommend the creamy chipotle sauce if you enjoy spicy. The staff was so kind; they accidentally gave my friend flour tortilla when she asked for corn tortilla. They immediately went back to the kitchen to remake her order, and even brought us chips and salsa on the house. Such a pleasant pleasant find!Food was a little slow but was to be expected on only their second day. For a place with none of the ostensible BS about being organic/free-range/etc a la Chipotle, the ingredients somehow tasted and appeared more fresh than the local Drexel Chipotle (At the time of this review I'm also not sick the way my last trip to Chipotle made me). Pricewise, El Taco is a little less expensive than the corporate behemoth burrito joint on campus.
It takes a lot of guts to open another Tex mex place close to campus. El Taco seems to be a very competent competitor on only their second day. Great food, nice interior, decent service. Wishing them the best
UPDATE: I've been back a few times since the first time, they've only gotten better. Love this place!I went in on the second day they were open. I was wondering what was going to set them apart from Chipotle right around the corner. I eat a vegan diet, so I am always on the look out for places that have options. Here, It appeared I could get a veggie burrito or a sweet potato burrito, so I was excited. The burritos automatically come with black beans, rice, and sour cream, so I just asked for no sour cream. I don't know if the man behind the counter was the owner or the manager but he was very polite and even looked up online if his tortillas were vegan. That was thoughtful and helpful. He told us our food would take a little while because they were running behind, but I didn't find the wait to be excessive. The inside has a good amount of seating for a small place and is nicely decorated.
When we got the burritos, we couldn't believe how giant they were (i kept some for left overs). The various salsa options is what really sets this place apart from chipotle. The flavor is something you can't get at chipotle. We were able to mix in some pico, some pickled veggies, and a smoky salsa into our burritos. It was a really good flavor combination and, for the price, a good amount of food. I was really bummed that they were out of guacamole the night we went in, but still gave them five stars because I think they did a really good job and hope they stick around for a bit! (and add more vegan options including the ability to add veggies to a potato burrito!)This was pretty solid food for a reasonable price. Not the best burrito I've ever had but definitely very good. Would go back for sure.I go here a minimum of twice a week. This is exactlyyyyyy what we needed on campus! I go here more than i should. Sometimes i have to wait awhile for my nachos bc they are so massive!! The only bad thing i have to say is that they're missing out on a lot of business with the hours they are open.. open only from 4-11 i think... most times i CRAVE it are around 1 for lunch, or 1AM after a successful night out  and sundays.... being closed on sundays hurts my heart  i love u el tacoLet me start off by saying the food here is great! The service, however, is not. While the food is always flavorful and fresh, the service is sub-par.
I have ordered here on 5 different occasions and each time my order never fails to either be "lost" or incorrect when received. I have waited at least 30+ mins on two separate occasions to receive my order when people that had ordered well after me were served first. On every occasion something about the order was either swapped or missing. 
Take for example tonight: We ordered hard shell tacos with a side of salsa and a side of guac with extra cilantro. We were charged $5 for the salsa, but the guy behind the register failed to ring up the guac even though we had to repeat the order to him 3x. Once the order was received, we did not realize until we were home that the salsa failed to make it into the bag. Instead, we were given a 2 oz side of the guac (mind you in past experience the side of guac typically came in 4oz portion) and a side of creamy cilantro sauce. 
If this had been a one-off occurrence I would not be so annoyed. However, this has become a consistent pattern with every visit and I am debating if it is worth it to go back. Every visit costs around $12-$14 just for the order to be messed up.
Essentially: Food is good, but make sure to double check your receipt and order before walking out the door!This place was amazing. My second time going and was very pleased. I had the steak tacos with the  creamy chipotle. And topped with cilantro and onions. Everything was very fresh and actually pretty light. The steak was moist and tender. I'd definitely recommend.I ended up ordering from here tonight when I missed the delivery time for my usual taco delivery place. Unfortunately for my old go-to, the food from El Taco was amazing and might be my new first pick. 
I had steak tacos, carnitas tacos and chicken tacos, an empanada and side of rice and beans. Everything was seasoned perfectly and delicious. The empanada was even still crispy after delivery. There were 10 different sauces but I only got to try 4. I think I was able to get more, I don't know, but there wasn't any option to order more sides of sauces when I ordered using Grubhub. 
I hope they add the option to add on extra sauces and also I hope they add chorizo to the menu. Those are really only the things I would change about this place. 
Delivery only took about 30 minutes on a Friday night. Can't wait to order from here again!I can't believe I've lived in this area and am just now finding out about El Taco!  There is such a dearth of good Mexican options in West Philadelphia.  While this isn't exactly a "traditional" Mexican restaurant, it is a really delicious spot to get tacos, burritos and nachos for very reasonable prices.  I only wish that they would do delivery because I would order from there often.  Can't wait to get back and eat there again!If you are looking for authentic or semi-authentic tacos do not come here. The tacos were okay at best. The rice and beans were not good. The food was lacking a lot of the expected authentic flavors in rice, beans, and tacos. Will not be coming back here. You would probably be better off finding another taco place and you'll probably save some money too. The food was not awful but it could and should've been a lot better.El Taco is really good! Lots of taco choices, with plenty of vegetarian options. Everything tastes fresh and delicious. The interior is cute as well, with exposed brick and string lights. I will definitely be back!This is probably my favorite take-out Mexican food to date. I am always searching for good Mexican food and this was it for me. I got a ground beef burrito and also a cheese quesadilla with carne asada. My husband got a burrito with chicken and was also very happy with his choice. Will have to order from here again very soon!Went here for lunch twice already and we loved it! One of the girls is a picky eater yet she enjoyed her soft tacos and rice/beans. We tried all by now as a group. I love it is fresh. The shells, the meat is cooked that day, the people super nice. The only con is they dont let you mix or match.El Taco is WOW. When I first walked into the restaurant, the decor of this place really impressed me. You can really tell that the owner is really detail oriented and that is reflected in her staff and food. 
I tried the chicken tacos on flour tortilla with pico de gallo. It came in a set of three perfectly sized. I also tried the Mexican fries. The Mexican fries contain: black beans, cheese sauce, pico de gallo, sour cream, and pickled jalapenos. The portion of the fries were huge. I'd definitely recommend splitting that with a friend. Both items were very delicious! I only wish that they also carried churros and traditional Mexican drinks such as Horchata or Jamaica.Best taco place to open up in philly. Amazing food. I got the pork tacos and my friend got the sweet potato tacos and beef empanada. So many sauce options that are all made fresh like everything else. It's beautiful inside and have cute lights outside. Lots of seating and comfortable temperature. Good music playing too. When I come I always see a crowd and they're still quick. The staff come out to see how you are doing and over all it's a great restaurant with incredible prices for the food. Definitely the most authentic tacos I've had in this city.This place is amazing. I was a huge Chipotle fan for years, but this place blows it out of the water. Tastes better, not a chain, great atmosphere, friendly staff. Highly recommend. I'd suggest the Smokey guajillo on a chicken burrito.Food was a little slow but was to be expected on only their second day. For a place with none of the ostensible BS about being organic/free-range/etc a la Chipotle, the ingredients somehow tasted and appeared more fresh than the local Drexel Chipotle (At the time of this review I'm also not sick the way my last trip to Chipotle made me). Pricewise, El Taco is a little less expensive than the corporate behemoth burrito joint on campus.
It takes a lot of guts to open another Tex mex place close to campus. El Taco seems to be a very competent competitor on only their second day. Great food, nice interior, decent service. Wishing them the best of luck.I love this place and am a loyal returning customer. My one complaint is that hot sauce costs extra and unlike other fast food Mexican restaurants, they do not have Siracusa or other sauces sitting out or for free. I will bring my own hot sauce next timeI think I have ordered from this place three times now and my favorites item has to be the Mexican fries. Their shrimp tacos are extremely good and their burritos are top class. I would of gave the restaurant 4 stars, but the last time I ordered for pick up. I was stuck waiting for ten minutes even though my order was already done. The cashier skipped over me and my friend several times to assist customers that were jumping ahead of us. While waiting the ten minutes to receive my order my fries got cold. They were still tasty but they were not that hot and fresh taste I was looking for. I just hope a situation like that never happens again because I do enjoy the food. Bad service can turn away great customers.This is my favorite Mexican place around. It is way better than any chain burrito place. 
The people there are always nice, and if you put in your phone number in for the loyalty, you get a free burrito, or order of tacos, every tenth purchase. 
The Mexican Fries are usually my go to, but I have been trying their specials recently. One week was a chimichanga, this week it was special chipotle pork tacos. The specials are sometimes a little pricier than I would want, but they taste amazing.
The normal menu is great too, with good sizes and prices. Occasionally, orders can take a little while, but it's worth; they actually cook your order rather than just use a bin of precooked frozen food. If the wait bugs you, they have online ordering too, so it's ready when you get there. The only problem I've had with the online ordering, is that you don't earn loyalty rewards, so I usually go in to order.Great food, and a very friendly staff! Will definitely be going back next week! I had the carne asada tacos with creamy chipotle salsa and they were by far the best tacos I've had in Philadelphia.The number one thing that i love about Elbtaco is the never ending variety of option. There are so many possible combination as well as toppings to make your meal your own. The meat itself is very traditional in taste but taste of good quality. There is not too much seasoning in the meat so its great for combining with the various sauces and toppings they have available. The portions are hearty and definitely fill you up. Overall I Love this place and recommend it.El Taco is perfect comfort food-- something between a habit and a very welcome crutch for my wife and I. Crummy day at work? Let's just get El Taco. Too hot out to run to the grocery? Let's just get El Taco. Just feeling lazy and hungry for something good, simple, and cheap? That's El Taco baby.
Everything about this place works. It knows precisely what it's doing and it does it very, very well. It's a pretty small menu, with nothing especially surprising on it (although the breadth of the variety of sauces is pretty nice) but everything we've had has been exactly what we wanted out of it. I grew up on hard-shell tacos and I've always carried that torch-- I think the crunch is just a super pleasant contrast to the typical taco innards, so having that option here goes a long way in making it feel homey and welcoming. The nachos and fries are huge portions for the price, and they don't skimp on the toppings. My go-to is the pollo, which is always perfectly tender with just the slightest bit of blackening on the outside and a nice heap of toppings. The tacos here have that classic overflow problem, where you have to watch out for lettuce and tomatoes and delicious sauce spilling out with each bite. It's incredibly nostalgic and tasty. My wife usually opts for the sweet potato or the ground beef, which, from what I've tasted, are also very solid. As far as I'm concerned the onion and cilantro are NOT optional. You will want them, they rule.
As I said, the breadth of sauce options is also nice, although I've pretty much fallen in love with the Macho sauce, which leads with a gentle, mild, ancho-esque sweetness before developing into a pretty impressive but still very pleasant heat. It caught me off guard my first time-- I'd buy it by the bottle if I could.
I'm also really into the empanadas-- consistently good, with just the right blend of flakiness and chewiness to the dough, with perfectly salty fillings. The chimichurri is excellent too.
As far as straightforward, fast, what-it-says-on-the-tin taco joints go, El Taco is something I'm really grateful for-- a quick, consistent meal we can turn to during the week for instant comfort. In the take-out/delivery ecosystem of West Philly it's a definite highlight!Burritos were average, but my friend yakked beans three times after we went here!!! So. Many. Beans.Tried in person = delicious.
Ordered via GrubHub = delicious. Food was thoughtfully packaged and arrived warm.
Empanadas, tacos, chips, salsa, guac, and rice are a must try! Delivery is just as good as eat in. I'll be repeat business for sure!It only gets 4 stars because it wasn't bad.  Do not expect authentic mexican, No sense of urgency with the cooks but other than that its a cute spot  and well flowing traffic.We had a great experience at El Taco & Burritos. This is a great spot for casual dining, especially for Drexel students (it's located right on Drexel's campus). 
El Taco uses all fresh ingredients. The salsas are also homemade, which is great! Everything was made to order, yet extremely fast. The servings were also quite generous, and the prices were very reasonable. One recommendation we have is to not over order, since the portions are quite generous. The guacamole was so fresh, creamy & delicious. Great to top the tacos or burritos with. Their standard size burrito is huge!! The crispy edges on the tortilla wrap added the perfect crunch to this loaded burrito. 
Overall highlights of the meal:
Soft shell tacos  
Creamy cilantro salsa 
Guacamole 
All fresh ingredients  
We will be back soon to try the quesadillas and churros!
- @Coupleatss on InstagramMy first time here and the staff was GREAT. I got the crispy veggie tacos with creamy cilantro. Tasty but not incredibly so. Def worth the money though. It was filling.This place is nice and price is fair . I like the burrito they have, really spicy and flavorful. They gave a big portion nachos . I should try their Mexican fries next time . It looks good when I saw someone else ordered.3 stars on a bad day (today), 4 stars on a good day (most days). Usually hits the spot when I'm in the mood for Mexican and on a time crunch. I got the sweet potato nachos with chipotle salsa and it's just not as good as it usually is! Has it gone down hill?? Is this the new norm?? God I hope not! Because it's only 3 stars today. It should be noted - the nachos are a hefty helping for $10 but the tacos are $9 and def not hefty. Soo maybe some price re Evals are in session. All in all tho - it hits the spot.Food was delicious! Had low expectations that it would be even close to authentic since it seemed like a trendy, Americanized place, BUT! Honestly one of the best burritos I've had in Philly!! Knocked them down a bit because they upped their prices and charged 25 cents when we asked for extra sour cream after getting our food which seemed extreme. But the food was very very good.FREAKIN DELICIOUS!!! I was blown away by El Taco. I tried the chicken burrito, quesadilla, and chicken tacos- all so delicious! I wonder what their other meats are like, maybe I'll try something new next time! My only suggestion is that the guacamole could have been a little more flavorful, I found that was missing something (maybe a little more salt and cilantro?) Regardless- if I ever want casual Mexican again I know where I'm goin!I went for the first time and it was delicious! 
I started with a taco salad with steak and it was fresh and flavorful. The steak was pretty good for the price and the salad was fresh along with the rice. I wish that it was tossed a little more because it took me a while to realize that there was rice on the bottom. The shell was delicious. I was worried that it wouldn't make it home but they wrapped it carefully so it made it home, all in once piece.
I also got a beef empanada. It was fried perfectly with delicious sauce to dip it in.
Overall, it's a great, quick and cheap mexican restaurant. It is also BYOB. Be sure to stop here on Tuesday's because they also have some specials.This is one of my favorite Latino spots to eat. The food is amazing but the customer service needs improvement. I went there with my friend and she went inside to pick up the order, she was not greeted or checked on to see if she was there to pick up anything. She stood in line and the cashier allowed four male students to jump ahead of her. 
We order our food over the phone 35 minutes before arriving and our food sat another 25 minutes which by the time we started eating our food it was cold. Cold fries are not tasty in my book.
I usually order my food through caviar so it's usually less hassle and always hot and ready. My favorite is the Mexican fries, shrimp tacos, and burritos. This is a wonderful spot to eat from if you are ordering online. In person ordering I'm not a big fan or the phone after my previous experience. The prices are also usually fair. I hope the next time I decide to eat here the energy is different.A fabulous little Mexican/Latin restaurant! I had the Macho burrito with cilantro sauce and the taste, quantity and quality were just amazing!! Really the best. I came for lunch (they just started doing this) and the staff was very friendly! I highly recommend El Taco if you are anywhere in the Drexel area or even beyond. It will be well worth the commute!favorite spot to eat when I'm in Philly! Food is delicious and portions are HUGE. Definitely recommendThe tacos absolutely suck. The presentation was nice. We ordered 3 hard shells and 3 soft. We got beef for the meat and the meat absolutely sucks and lacks flavor. We got back beans and rice and that was about the only good tasting thing. Believe it or not I recommend TACO BELL!!! This food is crap!It's a decent place to get tacos, nothing amazing but reasonably priced. I wish they would let you mix and match the tacos with different meatsWhat a great addition to Philly!! 6 years living here & my biggest food complaint is the lack of good Mexican food out here. Coming from Texas it's been a real struggle, Tex mex is a lot to live up to. Still waiting for some decent enchiladas to pop up but El Taco gets it right with the tacos, quesadillas & burritos. We ordered through door dash & the food was fresh and really satisfying. I had the burrito which was massive, I was bursting at the seams trying to eat it all. I love that they have grilled veggies as a vegetarian option. The guacamole is solid & only a buck more to add on. The salsas are delicious & fresh. My friend had the taco fries which looked amazing, again huge portion! We were definitely pleased and will return to try more items. If they keep the quality consistent this place will do very well.I am a ground beef taco lover and was very excited when I found out they served ground beef here. And was even more excited when I tasted them! I won't admit that I went back inside and ordered more, but I will admit that I was very full that evening ‍Always get good food that's well packaged for delivery. The portions are big and are enough for a second meal of leftovers the next day.In light of the recent epidemic I've been trying to do my part and help out small businesses by ordering delivery. I hate to knock a place when the economy is down ... but it was that bad. Ordered for delivery tonight and as soon as I opened the nachos I knew I'd be disappointed. The cheese in here is cheese whiz (or an off brand) and you can't tell me otherwise! The chunks of chicken were large and rubbery. Besides those two ingredients I guess it would be an OK meal but it was slathered in this cheap oily mess. I also ordered a burrito to have for lunch tomorrow and I'm afraid I might just toss it. I never expected authentic Mexican but this was just really, really bad. Maybe good for college kids late night but they'll probably be regretting it the next day.What an experience!!! The entire family just loved the fresh ingredients and amazing flavor. We were fortunate to try many of the items on the menu and they were all consistently delicious. Will come again!!Absolutely delicious campus staple. On Tuesdays (and really in general) it's so cheap...3 soft shell chicken tacos with toppings for just over $8. Don't skip the caramel churro at the end, it was amazing! Staff is kind and there's seating inside. It may be a wait because it's usually crowded, but it's worth it.First time here. Got take out. Chicken burrito was ~7.50, other meats are +$1. I had the creamy cilantro salsa added in it. 
I had this burrito a week ago and haven't stopped thinking about it. Can't wait to go back. Maybe try some of their tacos. 
Chipotle and qdoba could never.I ordered shrimp tacos & chips with cheese. I couldn't even eat the chips cause they was so damn hard & the shrimp tacos was a 4 out of 10.This food is not only fantastic but also extremely authentic. The strawberry churro is out of this world! The chips will hypnotize you and you'll eat an entire serving without realizing, crunchy, light, without being too filling.10/10 recommend!!!!Cute little place in university city- easy walk from Drexel's campus. Delicious food, easy order from door dash or Uber eats. Fries are surprisingly delicious, I would definitely order fries with whatever you get. A little pricy for the amount of food you get but overall a great place. Only at inside once, great decor, easy vibes, staff is very nice and helpful! Great authentic Mexican cuisine in University city, only complaint is lack of beverage options! Am a current returning customer and plan on eating there many more times.We came here twice so far and both times have been absolutely amazing. The sweet potato tacos are SO delicious. They have such a great flavor to them! These are by far my favorite tacos that I have had in Philadelphia. The first time I had the creamy chipotle sauce, and the second time I had the escabeche (pickled veggies) on top of the sweet potatoes. I highly recommend both. I also had the Mexican fries. They're HUGE! As a French fry fanatic, I happily endorse them. We got carnitas on top, which my husband enthusiastically gobbled up.
The staff is super friendly and really interested in making sure their customers are happy. The decor inside is beautiful (a big change from the Jimmy Johns that was there before). For just opening, their doing an amazing job. I plan on going back more next week!Amazing!! The tacos were amazing. Did the el macho burrito challenge and made it on the wall.Let me set the vibe. El Taco is that old friend. The one you smile at when you see in passing, but sometimes you lowkey forget about. Yet, when y'all catch up, it's a pretty wholesome time. Welcome to El Taco! 
I've had their chicken tacos ($8.45) multiple times and they're a staple. Three tacos for $8.45 aren't going to blow your mind, but they're classic and make for a tasty and filling bite. The creamy jalapeno sauce was a nice touch, but it didn't carry a kick, so I'll upgrade to something spicier next time.
I've had the El Burrito Bowl ($11.95) before and I could only eat 85% of it, bc it was too dense and salty towards the end for me to finish. My stomach is also weird about oil heavy foods, so I didn't eat all of the fried tortilla bowl. If you're still hungry after eating a loaded halal then this is for you! 
They had horchata as a seasonal drink and it was my first time having it. The horchata was a nice lite cinnamony milk drink. I'd probably get it in a smaller serving and not with tacos.I honestly was not impressed.  Burrito had a lot of rice and just a little of the other stuff.  Same with the burrito bowl, lots of lettuce so call it what it is a "salad".I ordered this not realizing it came in an actual taco shell like the classic trump jawn, but oh well. The food itself was tasty and the meat tender, etc. Definitely enjoyed my meal after not eating all day too. The initial salsa they gave me was weirdly watered down but thick and kind of tasted like apple sauce. But then I went back and asked for hotter sauce and they hooked it up for sure. Maybe the first was made for weak university students idk haha
My only downside is that I changed my order slightly on the bowl and they charged me twice as much to do so, which I understand cuz it was extra meat and two kinds, but rhey could have given me the option of smaller amounts of each meat which is kinda what I was hoping for. I understand they wanna make extra bread when I substitute and make their job slightly more difficult. But twice as much more difficult? not sure. 
Either way like I said food was good lol so im happyMy favorite taco spot !!!! Highly recommend!!! And they deliver on doordash ! Salsa n chips n cheese n chips are and those 3 crispy beef tacos !!!! Amazinggggg!!Amazing. Absolutely blows the local Chipotle out of the water. They are such wonderful staff, and truly put so much effort into making sure their food looks AND tastes delicious. I can't wait to eat here all the time, I live right around the corner. Definitely can't wait for their hours to expand also, I'd love some crunchy tacos for lunch :)"I like it, I like it alot" - Lloyd Christmas from Dumb and Dumber
What's not to like about this huge football sized Burrito from El Taco? Has ample stuffing that pours out if you do not hold said burrito with perfect form. What I liked most about this burrito is it has very small minced in jalapeño pieces giving the burrito some added flavor. You definitely need to pour your sauce selected on the burrito as well otherwise it will be lacking flavor.
I didn't think I could finish it as the El Burrito is massive but after reading this establishment has a challenge to finish an item from their menu called the El Macho Burrito and you get your picture taken and put on a wall if you finish it in under ten minutes dam I love the spirit of this place.
I highly recommend if you are in the area as I unforunately had to pay $17 for a $7 burrito as I had it delievered via Grubhub. But if you are looking for something that will absolutely fill you up you will find it on their menu. 
My Sombrero goes off to you Mr. El Taco!Great spot on Drexel's campus! Super good food and great service! Grateful for the efforts they've made to abide by social distancing rules!If you're looking for excellent service, incredibly tasty mexican food, and a fun atmosphere, you've found the right place. At El Taco, you'll be welcomed by a well-kept, clean restaurant with both indoor and outdoor seating and kind employees who want to serve you. The menu itself is expansive with a wide variety of options. As a vegetarian, I am usually hesitant to eat at restaurants that serve lots of meat dishes, but at El Taco, their sweet potato protein is more than enough to keep you satisfied. Like any great Mexican restaurant, they also have a long list of salsas, organized by heat, which I hope to explore further when I visit next. Their burrito bowls are also next level, having the bowl be made out of a tortilla shell. This made my experience all the more delicious as the crispy bowl served as an extra crunch when I so desired. After the meal, I was full, satisfied, yet I didn't feel gross after eating it like I do at many other Mexican restaurants.
Would recommend El Taco to anyone looking for a great meal and a better experience. Will absolutely be placing El Taco on my list of restaurants I eat at regularly.Don't order from here!! I never leave reviews but my boyfriend and I ordered from this place and they completely forget an entire part of our order. We called and they said it was the delivery companies fault and brushed it off and hung up. We checked our online receipt and the paper receipt that was stapled to the bag and everything was on both of them so it was clearly the restaurants fault... we called back again and they purposely didn't answer the phone. Horrible customer service!!Good service, even better food! Food comes out pretty quick even when busy. Never had any problems with the food quality in the multiple times I've ordered from El Taco. Great spot & perfect location for Drexel Students.We found El Taco at the beginning of the pandemic, looking for a rival to our favorite mexican restaurant. From our first order on, we have been blown away by the consistently delicious, massive amounts of quality food. Honestly, we haven't ventured far from the pollo nachos and burritos, but I honestly don't think you have to. The scorpion sauce will sting the next day, but I keep ordering it. Throw the onion/cilantro mix on everything, and dabble in some added jalapeno.  Never before has nachos delivered in styrofoam held up so well. I hold my burrito with two hands because one would be foolish. We probably order once a week and I don't think that's going to change any time soon. El Taco is king. And if you're reading this, El Taco, we're the Beechwood St orders. Keep it comin!Tbh gentrified Mexican food is always hit or miss and imma have to say this one def missed. I got the 3 tacos for $7-8 (I forgot the exact price) with chicken and corn tortilla because if you want to get carne asada (or several other meat options), it's an extra few dollars. They don't allow you to get single or double tacos, only sets of 3. You get to choose one sauce and any additional sauce is an extra 50 cents, which I thought was kind of whack LOL. Anyway the tacos themselves looked super loaded but most of it is lettuce, pico de gallo, and onions+cilantro. The cheese was shredded cheese (like the "3 color Mexican blend" from grocery stores) which is how you know it did not smack lmao. The chicken itself was fine but overall put together, it was a huge no :(Had the crispy tacos last night!! This was my first of many more to come visits!! These tacos were the best tacos I've had ever hands down! The shell was deep fried the chipotle cream was EVERYTHING! Great price and tacos were not skimpy! I definitely recommend this spotThe serve pretty good tacos. Wait isn't too bad. I ordered the shrimp tacos they charge an extra $5 just for 2 pieces of shrimp per taco which is ridiculous. First and last time ordering those I'll just stick to the chicken tacos which are regular price with no extra chargesEl Taco, you are convenient, but I probably wouldn't go super out of my way for you. 
I stopped in last Friday with my buddy before heading out on the town. The goal for dinner was simple: tacos. El Taco was a 5 minute walk from where we were staying, so we decided to give it a shot. 
They have a couple of tables outside for people desiring a patio. Walking in, the shop itself is pretty small. There's a big chalk menu on the wall that's easy to read. You order at the counter and then take a number and they bring your food to you. I think the experience would've generally gone better if they had margaritas, or even just some light beer. 
Alas, I moved on because, you know, the prices are reasonable. I got the El Taco: 3 chicken tacos and I added sour cream to my order of course. It was also reasonable to add rice and beans for just a couple of extra dollars. 
The tacos were decent, but I was desiring something a little more fresh. Especially the salsa and I wasn't so crazy about the seasoning on the chicken, making them just okay in my mind. 
Other perks: they have public restrooms and they recycle. 
So yea! Maybe next time?My cousin who goes to Drexel told me about this place and it was a great experience. Nice and quick and great tacos! If you're in the area and want a quick spot to eat, stop in and check it out.After multiple tries for good takeout Mexican we finally found El Taco which not only provided good food but consistency in both quality & service. 
There is a limited menu with tacos, burritos and empanadas but all are well made, tasty and consistant. 
I alternate between carnitas tacos & beef empanadas. Tacos are over stuffed with meat and well seasoned. I like the creamy jalapeno sauce. Luckly they sell by the squirt bottle. 
Recently I discovered the empanadas which are large and stuffed with a spicy beef surrounded by nice flakey crust. I havent tried the dessert apple one yet but will next order.A good taco Spot, good portion sizes full of flavor. I personally got the 3 tacos (carne Asada) with creamy chipotle. The creamy chipotle sauce could really be eaten alone it was so good and it brought the entire taco together, the carne was good, nicely cooked. Definitely want to try other menu items. Caramel Churro was also good, and bless the free refills.This place rocks. About time we got a Mexican food place on campus. The food is good, reasonably priced. A descent size menu. They even have a burrito challenge for those of you who can eat a lot and like free food. It's also a pretty good place to come for specials like Cinco de Mayo. But because it's on campus they don't have alcohol. Maybe they are trying to get their license? It would totally be worth it!