Really solid place. Pretty good value, but not quite as good a value as Ting Wong, M Kee, Nan Zhou. 
Salt and pepper chicken wings- Very good, not quite as fried/crispy as other places' salt baked wings, but still good.
Scallion pancake- Very good. Fluffier than most places I usually have it. They serve it with a sweeter sauce. I think it tastes better with soy based sauces.
Taiwanese beef noodle soup- Delicious. Very flavorful broth. Noodles are really good. My only complaint is that they should cut up the beef into smaller pieces. The beef portion in the soup is generous, but I'm trying to eat soup, not a steak.
Beef chow fun- Pretty good, a little glutinous for my taste. I like the noodles a bit wetter in sauce. Beef portion is solid.
Service is fine and friendly. Their English isn't great, but it's fine. I did have to explain several times that I wanted the rest of my food wrapped up to go. This was a bit icky, but when they put my leftovers in, they included my chicken wing bones. I shouldn't have to specify that I dont want chewed chicken bones to go.We got the Taiwanese meat ball, beef chow fun, and a mango smoothie. 
The meat ball was a little bit hard--I suspect they made them beforehand, refrigerated them, and then didn't heat them up as much as they needed to before they served them. There was not enough sauce on top of it for a Taiwanese meat ball.
The chow fun was good. No complaints there.
The smoothie was terrible. Either the mango that they used was not ripe or they used mango juice instead of real fruit. 0/10, would not recommend.Overall good food and an enjoyable dinner.  One of the few places I've come across that allows you to get fried rice along with lomein in their combo dinners.  Wonton soup and spring roll were just ok, but shrimp lomein, fried rice and general tso's chicken were all tasty.Just do some online browsing about this restaurant and found this link (for those who doesn't speak chinese). 
http://chowhound.chow.com/topics/430132
it turns out that the chinese menu is different from the english menu.
the chicken in hot pot: c55
shredded beef with tofu and bamboo shoot: c49For appetizers, we had the scallion pancakes and the seafood soup. They were delicious.  I wanted the Peking Noodles, but the sauce contained meat, which I do not eat.  However, the owner was nice enough and made accommodations for me.  The lychee smoothie was yummy and actually tasted like lychee. They use real fruit here.  Everyone at our table was satisfied with the food and service.I absolutely love this place it's such a small quant place that you would walk by nine times out of ten. Ive had Taiwanese food at other places but none have been as good. It's just something I can't describe. When ever I go I have to get a order of wonton soup and the house special lo Mein. A must try.Delicious!  Came here with my family and they accommodated a large group of us last minute.  Great food, very authentic Taiwanese cuisine.  We had the 3 cup chicken, pan fried seafood noodles, soup dumplings, string beans, some sort of greens with garlic sauce which were outstanding, soup dumplings, scallion pancakes ... all were delicious and authentic according to my brothers Taiwanese girlfriend.Good, fresh, clean. Nice folks. Funny soundtrack playing, but despite the 90's pop it feels authentic.Oh my gosh! This place probably had some of THE best chinses food I have ever consumed. Upon visitng Philadelphia, my boyfriend and I decided to wander around Chinatown. Based on some of the reviews on here, I suggested we try Empress Garden for a late lunch. We were glad we did! We ordered the "Family Dinner for 2" with Hot and Sour soup; Sweet and Sour Chicken and Veggie Lo Mein. I am not a huge fan of Hot and Sour soup but my boyfriend is and he is very picky about it, but he loved it here! Even finished my bowl as well. The sweet and sour chicken was soooo good. Best I have ever had. It came with the sauce already on it and it was still nice and crispy. The lo mein was also above par and although we were too stuffed to finish it, the waitress gladly packed it up to go and we had a little snack for back at our hotel. If I am ever in Philly again, I will definitely be back to visit this restaurant.2nd time here. First time in Philly, we went to eat here. We loved the food and the price is reasonable. We ordered the same stuff, salt and pepper pork chop, sautéed string beans and vegetable fried rice. We recommend this place. Accepts credit cards for orders $20 and over.I first discovered this place by accident, being hungry and having only 30 minutes to find a place to eat before a meeting back at work. My first reaction was, "whoa, did I just find a stand-out Chinese restaurant that doesn't flood their dishes with sauce?" For weeks, it was Chinese bliss. Every time I ate there I felt like I was being transported from Americanized sauce-drenched Chinese food to a place far, far, away, where sauce was hard to come by, and food only survived by the cooking virtues of its skilled chef. I was even getting ready to write a glowing review to that effect.
It all changed a few weeks ago, however. Not sure if the chef is on vacation, gone for good, or they received an extra large shipment of sauce. But all the positives I mentioned above reversed. My dishes were more akin to soups, even though they clearly were not in the soup section. I went back three more times, hoping against hope that the sauce flood would recede, but there was no such luck. I'm back on the hunt for *dry* Chinese dishes, but will keep hoping that the Empress goes back to being less saucy.Price is very affordable with large portions of food. Food is just so so, really, from an authentic Chinese perspective... Cannot understand why people love here. Most of the food is too salty and oily.I came here with my partner for lunch and was pleasantly surprised. The menu options seemed ordinary but the taste & freshness were mind blowing. I had the Indonesian Lo Mein and he had the General Tso Chicken combo. We also shared the Scallion Pancake which was delicious. 
The service wasn't amazing but that may be due to a language barrier. Other than that, the experience was great.
Our bill was the icing on the cake. . .an appetizer, Thai Iced Tea, &  2 entrees all for under $30.Empress Garden has the most authentic Taiwanese food. Their beef noodle soup are painstakingly stewed for 5 hours the day before with various ingredients to get the rich flavor.  In fact I have recently given up vegetarianism for their beef noodle soup. I don't know how that happened but it did. This restaurant is run by the daughter of the owner of a chain of the same restaurants in Taiwan. All of the Taiwanese dishes are flavorful and truly unique to Taiwanese style of cooking. Highly recommend the scallion pancake, beef noodle soup, 3-cup/ flavor chicken, pot-stickers, Shanhaigh Won Ton Soup, and Taiwanese pork meat ball, and oyster pancake.This food was amazing.  It's a small quite spot that wasn't crowded.  Their prices are excellent and you get really big portions.  I love the fact that they have family styled dishes as well as individual combinations.  Very good staff.  I will definitely be back.We came last night and order three cup chicken and tofu hot pot and beef noodle and oyster pancake and scallion pancake . The foods was excellent. We will come back again.Ordered lamb stew noodles, Chinese hamburger, spicy cabbage, dumplings, and wontons. Lamb noodles were good (my opinion) or great (everyone else's opinion). Cabbage was really good, I could tell it was cooked on very high heat. Dumplings were awesome... Had a very crispy layer of crust covering it. Burger was very dry.very good chinese in the heart of Chinatown. Very friendly and quick service without being rushed.  Always a good sign to get a table in the middle of 4 tables of asian families and groups eating a plethora of dishes.  Our family of 4 started with scallion pancakes (only $4) and then each ordered the combo dinners ($10-11) which include soup, very good spring roll, white or fried rice and entree.
Would definitely recommend.  Just remember to BYOB if you want a drink with your meal.Excellent experience! We came with a group of 10 at 9pm and they set the table for us in advance. It was our first time there and all of their food was good. Especially the salt and pepper pork, Mapo tofu, pork chop over rice, string bean. Everything was quite good!Came here with a group of friends and sat down right away. It is a cute place, not big at all but very homey. The food was amazing. Steamed dumplings were fulfilling. Pork Lo mein and sesame chicken were both excellent. I recommend getting the hot tea to drink during the meal. Overall great place. Will come again!Delicious, not too heavy and sauce-laden. Perfect choice in Philadelphia's Chinatown! Great for kids, too.Apparently the place was renovated before.. I'm glad it was since I thought the decor was adorable. The plates and everything were just really cute..
The food is pretty great. We ordered the Jjajjiangmyung, pork belly in hot sauce, pan fried noodles with shrimp, with some rice on the side. Everything was delicious and the only reason we had food left over was because we were so full.. I'll definitely come back to try their other menu items.
I'm only going to take off a star since they brought out one of the dishes by the time we were almost done with our meal.. but other than that the service was pretty good.Great customer service. Awesome fried pork chop, it's a must order item in the menu. Food is served quickly and has a mix menu from Indonesian to taiwanese to chinese. A must recommended restaurant to eat at.A microcosm of Chinatown itself, Empress Garden is a staple for quick, quality Chinese food. Being that standard American only reaching so far within his comfort zone, I always go for the General Tso's, which is really great at Empress. The combination dinners on the back page offer this dish and many more with your choice of soup and rice for a very reasonable price (a little under $11). The Chicken and Broccoli and Sweet & Sour Chicken both look really good. As far as Wonton soup is concerned, it's the best I've ever had. 
Down 10th street just past the Friendship Arch sits Empress Garden, in all its simple glory, its dirty windows and plastic table covers - a recent addition that I think they should do away with. I'm sure it makes cleanup easier, but those thick plastic covers are a nuisance, in the way every time you cross your legs, sticky to the touch. Just take it from me, Empress, it's better without. 
That note aside, Chinese food - as well all know - can be hit or miss. It's like Mexican restaurants that way: you'll eat it no matter what, but sometimes you raise an eyebrow as you do so. Also, it's a BYOB, which is a nice touch if you want to grab a bottle of wine or a couple beers beforehand. If you find yourself in Chinatown, find your way to Empress Garden, one of the gems of the area and maybe, just maybe, the best General Tso's I've ever tried.This is our first time in empress garden, Taiwanese food, we ordered pork belly tofu over rice, beef noodle soap, and three cup spice chicken, really good food! We will definitely return next time!I've been going here since I was a kid. The same waitress that served me twenty years ago is still there. Fast, courteous, even too polite at times. Went today for lunch to get my favorite dish- Taiwanese beef noodle soup. This soup is the best; it certainly holds up against the stuff I've had in Taiwan. The noodles were a little thinner than I remember them, but they're fresh, and that really makes all the difference. For those who don't know Taiwanese beef noodle soup, the broth is supposed to be mildly spicy and salty, with a modest amount of chili oil and a hint of star-anise. The beef and tendons are pressure cooked to a nice tenderness, and absorb the broth well. The slight crunch of bean sprouts and sour of mustard greens fill out the texture and taste of the soup. My favorite.The prices are great, especially the lunch combos! I was quite disappointed in the wonton soup, though: the soup was basically salt and water, and the wonton skin was soooo thick. I felt like I was chewing on raw dough!
I also had chow mein, with the bonus fried rice (literally fried rice... Like, nothing but rice and maybe a pinch of eggs for some reason). The chow mein was great. My dad ordered a bowl of beef noodle soup (forgot the exact name of everything, sorry) and it looked and tasted amazing.
The interior of the restaurant is quite small, but neatish (don't look at the kitchen area lol) and I liked the music they were playing. It is a good family restaurant to go to. I probably went during a quiet business time, though, because there weren't many other people. 
I will definitely come back here again! :)New to the neighborhood and looking to try all of the Asian restaurants in Chinatown to determine the best out there.
I went standard American Chinese food - General's Chicken and Beef and broccoli, with some egg rolls.  Good food - I'll be back again!Went here for the first time recently. The Taiwanese beef noodle soup was amazing. Haven't had one this good in so long. The broth was rich and flavorful, the noodles were homemade and had a great chew and the bit of picked vegetables tied it together perfectly. Scallion pancakes were also excellent. Took some dumplings and 3 cups chicken home. Dumplings were so so. 3 cups chicken had a great sauce but be prepared for bones-it's basically thighs chopped into small pieces which Americans who are not used to chewing through things like us chinese may not be used to. Get the beef noodle soup, you will not be disappointed.I ordered the taiwan trio, a spring roll, and the peking noodles. The trio came with marinated tofu, pig ears and seaweed. the highlights were definitely the tofu and seaweed. the tofu had a fantastic savory marinade and was nice and firm. the seaweed was cut into ribbons and had an almost pasta like texture with a great salty briny flavor. I like pig ears but these were boring, and had nothing in the way of seasoning at all. I love the way Nan Zhou does pig ears, sliced super thin, marinated in sesame oil and chili, and served with pickled carrot and daikon. the peking noodles were a total home run however. a big bowl of noodles with a ground meat (pork I'm guessing) chili and tofu sauce. the noodles had a decent texture but were a little soft for my liking, however the meat sauce blew me away. it was filled with diced chilis which packed just enough heat to wake up your tastebuds but not destroy which is a good thing because there were so many of them that if they had been hot this dish would have been a nuclear bomb in your mouth. They were just right and cooked so they were still nice and crunchy and the flavor came through brilliantly in the sauce, which had a rich sweet gingery zing. This dish felt like a chinese version of spaghetti with meat sauce. Total comfort food. There was a good amount of sauce left over when I was finished with my noodles and I did not stop till my bowl was clean. The restaurant itself was nice and clean with friendly and fairly attentive staff, and even the americanized dishes looked well prepared and were not over priced. I will be returning soon, seriously I am thinking about those peking noodles right now.Reliable classics and good take-out service.    The only thing I had here that I didn't like was a watery wonton soup.Great spot in Chinatown. The food is excellent, and the prices are so cheap (especially if you order a bunch of plates as a group, rather than one meal per person). Definitely recommended.Scallion pancakes were quite good. Pork chop soup had great flavor and crunch. We also opted for one of the Indonesian curries, which had a nice mix of flavors. Courteous staff. When we asked for our leftovers to be packed to go, we didn't specify that the rice needed to be packed as well, and ended up with curry sans rice as leftovers. Worth trying once, not sure that this will go into my regular rotation.Top notch. The hot and sour soup was good, with some subtlety. The garlic sauce (I ordered chicken with garlic sauce) was the best I can remember eating, and the veggies with it were nice. I'm a tough customer and rarely wowed by Chinese food. The portions are a bit smaller than typical Chinese but I'll take quality over quantity all day , and I left full for $10.Came here last night for some delicious chinese food. Since we were short on cash we were looking for options and Empress garden came into mind.
We were seated immediately as soon as we walked in. They gave us water and came back to take our order. My friend got the pork belly and tofu on rice which also came with boy choy. I go the string beans with minced pork, extra spicy. Everything was hot and fresh. The pork belly was perfectly melt-in-your-mouth good and the string beans were crispy just the way I like them. The service was on point and everyone was kind to us.
Thanks again for another great experience!Delicious! I order the chow fun noodles with beef! The service was well. The staff are friendly.As a student living far from home, this place hits the spot for me. Granted, I think you should realize that the authenticity of this place depends heavily on what you order. The authentic stuff are the jia jiang mian and the Taiwanese beef broth noodles. I've also had good sauteed vegetable dishes and green onion pancakes here. I recommend the dumplings if you like them big and thick-skinned. (And... that's what she said, eh?) Anyways, my friends and I always come back here for more when we need a cheap pick-me-up that hits close to home!Empress Garden doesn't appear to be anything special from the outside, but if you know where to look you can find some truly amazing dishes here. You do need to order off the Chinese language side of the menu to take advantage of all Empress Garden has to offer, though; their English menu is typical anywheresville USA Beef n' Broccoli, General Tso's, etc. If you can't speak or read Chinese, bring a friend who does -- or perhaps, as someone below suggested, ask the waitress for some authentic recommendations -- and you're set for an amazing experience. The zha jiang mian (fried sauce noodles) and the beef noodle soup have really kept me coming back; no matter how long between visits, it seems the super-nice waitress still remembers my boyfriend and I and knows exactly what we want to order :) I really wish they'd offer a menu with a translation of the more authentic dishes though!Ordered Pork Chop rice which is the typical, symbolic & easy cooked Taiwanese dish that any Taiwanese chef won't get it wrong, but the dish I got has no ground pork savory sauce on rice so the rice is very very dry. Pork (no pork chop shape, just pieces of fried pork), egg, and veggie taste ok. It's so sad, no savory sauce.My husband and I came here based on the Yelp reviews. I'm glad we did. I had General Tso Chicken, my husband had Hunan Chicken and we both had the best Hot and Sour Soup we've ever eaten! Right at the entrance of Chinatown. Very easy to find!Met my friends for dinner by chance at this place. It was delicious!!! Try the scallion pancake! It is delicious!!  Not to missed!!!Every dishes I've tried from Empress Garden has surprised me from the Beef Ho Fun to the Braised Pork Belly with Tofu. The Beef Ho Fun is by far the best in Chinatown with its unique taste and texture. The restaurant is very welcoming from their waitress to their decor. One of Chinatown's underrated restaurants.The food was so delicious!! I wish we could get Chinese food like this in my neighborhood.  I would have given them 5 stars but the service was not great .Food is delicious, from appetizers to entrees, delicious.... Love the fresh mango smoothie =D i'll be returning with friends....
I've been back a few times this past month, and tried some new dishes and I have to say, this is my second favorite restaurant in Philly's China Town...
Salt & Pepper Pork Chop
Indonesian Fried Rice
Pork Belly dish.. Yum...
this place is a must TRY!!You know what fools?  You gotta get the 3 Cup Chicken.  You know why?  Cause it's good - it's real good.  It's a complicated sweet flavor with some unexpected seasoning and basil.  It's remarkable.
This dish is not on the english menu.  It's on the back - in Chinese, which I can't read but somebody was good enough to post a few things in English.  
So, last time we was there, it was out third time ordering it.  The waitress (who is so friendly and so happy to make recommendations) tells us that most Asian customers order the sauteed Chinese spinach  with this dish so thats what we did and it was terrific.  
Oh yeah, you  know why she recommended that?  Because she remembered us.  And, she said next time we come in she'll make other recommendations off the Chinese menu for us.  
This is a great little Philly treasure.  I have a Taiwanese relative who is translating the menu so we come off like we actually know some sh!t.  
Go there and be happy.This place wasn't tso good. Their general tso's chicken was almost too salty, by which I mean that it was very salty. The portion sizes are also kind of small. Considering that the price was $15, I would say that this is a skip.Nice service and good food for traveling vacationers. Easy to find in the front of Chinatown near the Jefferson SEPTA stop.Small place. Okay food. Asked for spicy chicken chowfun. The food wasn't spicy at all. Had to ask for siracha on side. The fried rice was good though.Had a great experience. Came in on a hot, muggy day and the a/c was blasting. The dining area was pretty small, but there weren't many other people around. We ordered scallion pancakes for an appetizer, but it came in with the main dishes. Still, it was really hot and crispy. The dipping sauce it came with was some kind of tangy vinegar. 
My entire table ordered Taiwanese Beef Noodles. The soup came in a flavorful, mildly spicy broth. The noodles were decent and a tad chewy; the meat was fatty but righteously tender. It was absolutely delicious and I was sad to finish because it was so good. One cannot experience this in take-out form (which I did many times before actually sitting in). I guess my only complaint would be the timing of the dishes. I couldn't stop eating the scallion pancakes when I was eating them, and I couldn't stop eating the noodles when I was...you know. O, 'tis ever thus the afflicted heart... Otherwise, service was friendly and the prices were reasonable.Came here just for their Taiwan beef noodle soup. Was spicier than expected but overall there was a lot of flavor in the broth. The best broth I think actually but could be due to the oil in it. Portions of beef was great since the price for a bowl was under $7. Would come back here again as the noodle soup was good and service was fine.One of the best spots in Chinatown. I've been going here for a long time and it is always consistent. The staff is great! It's byob and is a really good jump off point for a night out or birthday dinner. They will accommodate your party. They also deliver which is just as good and fast! Great place!This is the only taiwanese restaurant in Philadelphia.The food is very authentic close to as if I was in Taiwan. I like three cup chicken, oysters pancake, minced pork with rice, taiwanese meatball, etc.Tried this place before a show at the Trocadero. I had General Tso Chicken and my friend had eggplant with garlic sauce. Both were really fresh and tasty. Huge portions and cheap Tsing Tao beer. Glad we went.Small place, cheap, not bad. They have Taiwanese cuisine! beef noodle soup!Delicious!  Very good price and the food was delicious.  I would definitely get the shrimp walnut specialty dish and the Indonesian fried rice.  I didn't find the pork belly and tofu dish to be that good, but others at my table enjoyed it.  Also the eggplant was AMAZING.  Really, everything was great.  Would definitely come back here.I stopped here to have lunch with my family.  The waitress brought us room temp tap water in a cup with no ice & no straw.  I had to ask 3xs for a straw.  We ordered & I wanted pork fried rice instead of reg fried rice, the waitress took issue with that.  I told her I didn't care about an up-charge that was fine, I just wanted pork fried instead.  Then I requested my spring roll not to b Shrimp bc I'm allergic & she was strange about that.  We got our food n ate.  I was not impressed the food was ok.  The pork in my rice was fatty & just not good. My veg spring roll had nothing in it no veggies.  Everyone's food was mediocre.  Next thing we know a party of 10 walk in & guess what they get..... lunch special menus.  We were not given that menu or option to view it when we were seated.  Had I paid less for my mediocre food & service I might have not been so upset.  When we asked the waitress about why we were not given lunch menus she said " you need to ask for it".  Since when is it my job & not the waiters job to ask them about specials.  Any other place will inform you about special either for lunch or of that day.  I will not be going back here & I don't nor will I recommend it to anyone.First time at this cute place. The food was good! Not sure what the American menu is alll about but damn the chinese menu was great! I suggest the beef noodle soup(Tawainese style), da jian mien, pork chop over rice and the pork belly in hot sauce!! Also the watermelon shake was yummy!! I will be returning for sure!!GOOD: Before I went to Empress Garden, I check yelp, to see which dishes are nice, I saw many people recommended Taiwanese Beef Soup Noodle and Scallion pancake, these reviews are true!!! They are DELICIOUS... We also have ordered the Meatball and Peking Noodle with Meat Sauce... I have to say the noodle is as good as the beef soup noodle.
But the meatball is not as good as we expected it to be (actually, it is not really a meatball, it is some minced meat in some sticky bun). And one more flaw, we asked for the wifi password, but the staff said she didn't know. Emm, you work here and you don't know the password?!!
But for sure we will come back to try again :DI've enjoyed this place before and after new management. The food has remained the same, tasty. Not my go to place but one of the better restaurants in Chinatown. It's a small place with a very friendly staff. I don't think this is a Taiwanese restaurant but Szechuan which means things should be spicy. It's not that spicy in my opinion. 
I typically order the Ja Jiang Mien, Beef Noodle Soup and Ma Pao Tofu.Authentic Taiwanese food, thumbs up for oyster pancake and beef noodle soup!!! Efficient and friendly service.Came with my SO a few days ago and ordered the salt and pepper pork chops & the pork w/eggplant in garlic sauce over rice. The pork chops were good, albeit a bit undercooked, they also could have benefited from a bit more salt! The eggplant was great, and definitely a dish I'd order again. Great portion size for what you're paying as well. 
Major plus: Free scallion pancake and soda with check in!Place is small but food is delicious. Servers are friendly and helpful. Scallion pancakes are great here.PROS: Authentic Indo-Taiwanese food, good prices
CONS: Small seating area, unappealing store front, need a Chinese-literate friend to fully enjoy the menu
WHAT TO ORDER: 
-Taiwanese Oyster Pancake
-Indonesian Fish Curry
-Indonesian Fried Rice (Nasi Goreng)
I love love love the food here! They have recently renovated the interior of the restaurant so it looks nicer and seats more people. If you can't read Chinese, your English menu options are terribly limited and contain only about 1/3 of the Chinese menu. I love the Indonesian-style cuisine here and have been here over 5 times this past year. I'd like to call it my secret happy place.A really cute litte spot for super authentic Chinese food. The salt & pepper sesame chicken wings are my new favorite. That and the steamed eggplant with roasted garlic & cilantro. Both are so good! But everything I've had has been delicious :) Definitely a great must try.Overpriced Chinese takeout food. 
The food in the menu were exactly like the ones from a Chinese takeout menu. Definitely was not impressed especially with the fact that everything is about $2-5 more than regular price. My friend and I ordered soup, and while everyone else got their appetizers, the waiter seem to forgot our soup. I was a little annoyed that I had to remind him about it. The reason I gave it a 3 star instead of a 2 star is because I ordered the Indonesian stir fried noodle, it was actually really good. 
Will I come back? Possibly. I won't completely rule them out but definitely not liking their overly priced food.I'm not really looking for any kind of specific regional food, just something that's delicious. Which is something Empress Garden does. The hostess/waitress alone is a nice part of the restaurant, she remembered me and even that I was a vegetarian, and then helped dishes for me. Considering that it had been a month and a half since I last went there, it was a nice little extra. 
The sweet and sour soup is absolutely delicious, very spicy, but the broth captures all the spices together. Mixed vegetables and rice were alright, but really how much of a twist can you take on that? They were fresh and the rice was fluffy, so there wasn't much to complain about. Also the free tea and water really helps with cutting the bill, so you don't really need a beverage. 
Overall, a cute little place. I recommend.Love this spot. Been here for years and their food is consistently the best. Very authentic seasoning and menu.Fast service, reasonable prices. The orange chicken was delicious- big actual pieces of chicken (not just breading) and great sauce. Pork soup dumplings also amazingI just moved to Chinatown and being that this place is very close to my apt, my mom and I tried it for dinner one night. They give you a huge portion for the price of what you order and although we went for dinner, I'd like to go for lunch sometime because the lunch menu seems to be a great deal! The wonton soup was decent and we also had vegetable fried rice and chicken with broccoli. The chicken was a little bit chewy, but what can you expect from Chinese food? I would definitely go back and try other dishes now that I've tried the ones I typically like.Decent oyster pancake, scallion pancake, and ma po tofu (but very salty). Super clean and easy to find. Didn't have the zha jiang mien but will try next time.once in awhile a taiwanese food crave will creep up on me and engulf me until i am lumbering down chinatown looking for my childhood favorites.  a handwritten poster on the window reads "taiwanese snacks" in chinese, listing some taiwanese favorites which was enough for me to venture in.
for those that do not read chinese, unfortunately, the authentic dishes are only listed in chinese on the back of the menu.  some items will appear on the english pages but not much.
here is what we ordered:  
1.  taiwanese oyster pancake ($6.95). it definitely did not come close nightmarket quality.  it was passable and more "homestyle."  it seems like no one really knows the secret behind the red sauce so most places outside of taiwan use a ketchup/soy sauce mixture.  empress garden is no different.  the oysters i thought were non-existent.  but the starch mixture had a decent crisp.
2.  taiwanese crystal meatball (ba wan) ($3.95).  the outershell was ok.  the meat filling could use bigger chunks of meat and some bamboo shoots.
3.  scallion pancakes ($3.95).  one of the best scallion pancake i've ever had.  it's more deep-fried than pan-fried tasting.  i'm not sure why they bring out a vinegar dipping sauce with it though.
3.  steamed rice with braised ground pork (lu rou fan) ($6.95).  eh...  it was okay.  really overpriced for a bowl of rice, even if it's a big bowl of rice.  don't get me wrong, it is quite tasty but just not authentic enough (meat is too lean and sauce is not greasy enough).
4.  mango smoothie and red bean smoothie ($3 each).  both were delicious!  not too sweet and full of flavor.  i liked how they served the drink in a glass rather than a plastic cup.
overall, i am only commenting on the dishes i tried.  i thought they tasted fine but were not quite authentic.  my friend who grew up in taiwan was pretty disappointed but comparing taiwan with empress garden is not really fair.  on its own, i think empress garden does a nice job offering something different in philadelphia.  
besides the food, service is really warming.  the owners are really attentive and like to chat with their customers.  they are enthusiastic about recommending dishes and keep the water coming.This is the first Chinese place we checked in to as new comers in Philly and everything looks awesome at this point! There portions are really large and good value for the moneyWent to Philadelphia for a long weekend with my wife. We were hungry for Chinese food and went to Chinatown to try our luck, not being from this city and not familiar with the restaurants. Nothing in particular drew us into this particular restaurant, but we decided to try it...and we were not disappointed. Very friendly people who were willing to adjust to our Vegan pickiness. Really enjoyed the food. Not much on atmosphere but would visit again if we were ever in the neighborhood.Environment: Not the best environment but the food most certainly compensates for this.
Service: Comes out standard, pretty quickly. Again, the food is what makes this place great. 
Food: I've never been to Taiwain personally, but from what my friends say, the Taiwanese beef noodle soup is some of the most authentic you can get here. Compared to other places in Chinatown that offer hand-drawn noodles, the brother is thicker without compromising the taste. I WISH they used shaved noodles to maximize the authenticity of being back in Asia; however, they do an excellent job. Additionally, things like the scallion pancakes and oyster pancakes were ABSOLUTELY some of the BEST I've ever had in Chinatown, hands-down. Not the most flavorful overall with the soup; however, I completely understand that I have a very salty palate...
Restrooms: Nothing extravagant. It's Chinatown.
Price: For $12 each between 4 people to have their own soup, share of scallion & oyster pancakes, easily a great deal.Good food! The service is pretty slow, but the food is more than enough to make up for it. It's a tight fit so don't bring too many people.Fantastic. The menu doesn't bode well with the promises of General Tso's, but it's typical Chinese done right. The Egg Foo Young is the best I've ever had by a longshot.
Service was impeccable.I'm usually not a fan of Taiwanese cuisine (been a Cantonese cuisine fan all my life) but the dumplings and great service won me over (plus, great Chinese food is slim pickings in Philly).  Keep up the good work!Loved their spicy eggplant special!!! Great friendly service and its small and cozy! A++Their scallion pancake is the best I have ever had. I am an American born Chinese whose family is the type to eat Chinese food in different Chinatowns when traveling. 
I also ordered the zan jiang mian (i think the translation is black bean noodle?) It was different than the usual zan jiang mian. Had more tofu, and cut green beans, and less meat, but it was still delicious.The worst beef noodle soup I have ever had. The beef was rough, dry, and cardboard like. The picked veggies was away too sweet. Soup was too salty and full of MSG. It is not Taiwan styles beef noodle soup! Very Misleading and disappointed. Taiwanese meatball supposed to be soft, it was crispy, and hard to chew in the middle. Definitely under cooked.
Oyster omelet was taste awful. The pork buns were terrible!!! 
It is NOT Taiwanese food as it claimed. Don't waste your money!
In addition, the waitress was using her thumb and index fingers holding the water cup lid. Her thumb was soak in our water. That's disgusted! Stay away from this restaurant! It just Chinese takeout qualify. Not worthy to eat.