Excellent food and great service! The sushi was delicious and came out quickly and the staff was friendly and attentive. This will definitely be our new go to sushi place.This PAINS me to write this but I just want to give you my experience. I ordered delivery and because of this, I never expect the greatest food; I am definitely more lenient.
Ordering: I placed my order through their website and all went well. That was until I entered my old credit card, which still 'processed' - or rather, gave me a 'your order is confirmed.' Luckily, I picked up when the restaurant called for an updated payment. It was kind of weird. Usually, your order just wouldn't be placed. This isn't that big of a deal, but definitely not a positive.
Delivery: Again, I don't expect the greatest food when delivered. But, I do expect some common sense to be used. My lunch special came with a miso soup - I was a bit excited. Unfortunately, they just packed the soup in a paper cup. As a result, it spilled EVERYWHERE. It even filled up the sushi containers! It was like sushi soup! I called and the restaurant handled it amazingly well. In just 15 minutes, I had a fresh order in front of me. Hopefully it was a learning experience. Hate to say, I had to take away one star for this.
Food Quality: Meh. I love sushi. I stand take out sushi. I obviously was not expecting Morimoto quality but man, this just wasn't my thing. There was a sauce on everything, and a lot of it. It seemed like the same sauce, too, which was kind of repetitive. The rolls were not as good as places like Fat Salmon (As long as they pass their health inspections - yuck!). Maybe it's my fault for not just ordering Sashimi. 
Most importantly, I HATE when restaurants do not clean their shrimp. The poop chute was just staring me in the eye. I just could not get over it.
Will I be back? Probably. But not for a very long time.
Wishing Engimono all the best!Price is fair . Service is great . Sushi pizza was good and spicy . Like their thick cut sashimi as wellGrand opening new favorite sushi joint.  Price, food and service are all top notch! Can't complain.. will definitely be back.Quite good. The servers were nice and attentive. The sushi was delicious. The Engimono roll was great. They did tempura softshell crab excellently, and the tempura batter seemed a little less greasy than at other sushi places. Also the rolls all had a proper amount of eel sauce and spicy mayo. Glad Fairmount has a good sushi place finally! We will be back.LOVE this place but do not get delivery. Took 1 1/2 hours for them to deliver our food.  I will continue to go here but only for dine in.Really fresh and tasty sushi! I live in the neighborhood but I'd come here regardless if I lived in another part of town. I've always been a fan of Dasiwa and Raw, but this is now my favorite sushi spot in the city. Great food, clean restaurant, affordable price point, and amazing service.Happy to see Fairmount finally getting a sushi spot. I look forward to coming back more often in the spring/summer when the front wall is open windows. Clean, elegant joint with a pretty solid menu. Every roll I tried was very good but their Volcano Roll was fantastic! Not like anything else I've eaten. I also enjoy the more rare canned soda, lol. 
My only recommendation would be adding the ingredients to the other rolls too (not just the Premium Rolls).I went here for dinner one night with my boyfriend. I ordered the salmon lover and he ordered the tuna/salmon option. When the plates came out we were both happy with the amount of pieces on both of our plates. It was a good portion size of fresh and tasty fish. It's something that is definitely comparable to Fat Salmon, and much closer for those in the Spring Garden/Fairmount areas. Pricing is fair as well. This is a five star place because of the food quality, friendly service, decent price, and byob option.I live right down the street from here and was so excited a Japanese restaurant was being put in. Unfortunately, I've had some very bad experiences here. Specifically with their chicken. I have gotten 3 dishes with chicken in them on 3 different occasions, and each time the chicken has been rubbery to the point where I literally couldn't even chew it or cut through it. All 3 times I've had to completely throw out the dish. 
The reason they get two stars is because their gyoza is delicious.Great food! Great service! We ordered the salmon lovers dinner special and it came with soup or salad. Will definitely come back!A new sushi spot I heard from a friend and decided to try it out. The inside of the restaurant looked fabulous and colorful. The sushi looked amazing and tasted fresh. Customer service was quick and great. They really know how to treat their customers! I will definitely come back again.New sushi/Japanese restaurant now opened in fairmount! Definitely a place to go to for your sushi cravings! You will not be disappointed! Went there for dinner last night and had a few of their sushi rolls and also their dinner chicken terayaki bento box and I gotta say...it was absolutely delicious! Engimono is a definitely a spot to go to! The restaurant looked really neat with the lightings on the walls. The representation of the food on the plates were on point! And lastly, their customer service were great as well! The server was very nice, caring, and attentive! Definitely coming back here!I don't often write review , but this place are become really terrible.  I came here since they were Open the server are so nice at beginning , but now the server always had the serious face and not service at all . One of the server told us ,they not pay by tip, most of them get  monthly pay (Something Chinese people do under the table )  maybe that is why the service become so terrible !!!  And I order something , it had BUG ON IT !! I was fuking out !!  This  restaurant need retake they  sanitary certificate ！！！ And sushi taste different ， not good at all  and never coming back againIf your looking for top notch sushi spot in Francisville area this is it! Layout and design of the place is beautiful, I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki, Salmon Hand Roll and the 76ers Roll. All dishes were very good. The waitress great customer service was a bonus. Definitely will be coming back for more!Addendum: our server, Kelly, was the best! So funny, welcoming, warm and attentive!!!After reading all the great reviews about this place i was pretty disappointed. The romantic roll was average, the 76er roll was bland. The mango tango was good however. Plus all of the sushi was room temperature when I prefer the fish cold.I was so glad that there was a new sushi place in Fairmount. The food was fine and the lunch special was amazing but one thing that threw me off was the service. We were still eating when the waitress started clearing our table! There were plenty of empty tables around so I don't know why we felt so rushed. Otherwise everything was good.Came to Phillies to visit my families a few days ago for the weekend , and I was surprised to see a new Japanese restaurant opening! I am absolutely amazed at how beautiful and elegant Engimono Sushi interior design is! Bright and colorful light filled the resturant with simplistic modern seating arrangement. I ordered the Hibachi Shrimp for Lunch (Less than $10). Tasteful and delicious! And not overly expensive. It was just the right amount!
The staff was attentive, sweet, and welcoming. All in all, the restaurant made great attention to make sure our visit satisfied although they were extremely busy- which is a good sign of a blooming business. Aka (fresh food).Came here on a Friday night and it was pretty busy, however, the food was well worth it. I highly recommend trying to the teriyaki because the sauce is really good! The Hawaii roll was one of my favorites and if you're interested in an appetizer, I would suggest ordering shumai but make sure to ask them to fry it, so good! It also comes in the bento box. There are multiple chefs making the sushi so they get your order to you as soon as possible. The decor and ambience was very enjoyable. The only problem is the street parking so lunch time may be a better time to stop in.Banging new sushi spot in Fairmount. The fishes are super fresh, ambiance is amazing, and service is quick and friendly.Was really excited to try out this spot. New sushi restaurant somewhat close by with good reviews! Ordered delivery which arrived later than the original estimated time. I got the tuna dumplings and volcano roll. Tuna dumplings flavor was okay but they were SO small...and $10. Not worth the price at all. And they were dry with no sauce- other places I've have these at have larger dumplings and top it off with spicy mayo & eel sauce. Pretty plain and lacking flavor. The volcano roll was also a letdown, too much cream cheese and to me seemed like an overpriced California roll, since I didn't enjoy the crab and cream cheese mixture on top and picked it off. Maybe i would have a better experience if I ate at the restaurant. Might try again solely based on location but would try ordering different items. AND as a spicy mayo lover, I would prefer not to pay $1 for a little side of it.Good solid neighborhood sushi spot. Not the best in the city, but a great place for a quick walk-to dinner. Very fresh tasting fish, BYOB, and reasonable prices. Friendly service, quick, they kept my water glass filled, and it was quiet and clean. Will definitely return.Five stars well earned! They were able to sit our party of 7 at 6 pm on a Friday and we ate a huge array of sushi - and every single one was delicious. The price was reasonable and the service was very good. One big surprise was how tasty the sweet potato sushi was - I didn't expect the vegetarian sushi to stand up alongside the fish ones so well. Highly recommended!Came in tonight for dinner with my husband and kids. It was packed but we manage to get a table as soon as we walked in. Must say this is what Fairmount was waiting for, impressive interior and great atmosphere, tables were a little tight but it was okay. Sushi was incredible, our kids loved their bento boxes. Prices were really good compared to others in the neighborhood. We'll be back!My friend and I walked here for our first night in Philly, and it was delicious. Eel roll and ginger salad did not disappoint. The wait staff seemed a little stressed, and so it took a little bit for us to get our drinks, but overall, it was a good experience.Where do I begin at how amazing this place is! First, the service is phenomenal. I didn't find myself wishing for our waitress to come over because she was attentive and caring. She was ready at all times for everything. Second, the sushi was delicious. I got the insane roll it was so delicious and tasted fresh. I also got hibachi shrimp with fried rice! So good. Also just to make a point at how awesome the staff was- my water was never empty. Completely in love with this place and will definitely come back!!Randomly stopped in for dinner tonight for the first time. We were looking for something to eat so we hit up Yelp like we normally do and this place had great reviews. Figured it's a new spot in the neighborhood...Wow...let me tell you my boyfriend and I will definitely be coming back here!! The Kani salad one of the best I've had. N I try a lot of Kani salads. Lol! The sushi was soooo fresh and soooo yummy. Got 2 rolls the Temple and the 76'er ... great taste! N then we shared a veggie udon stir fry...it was amazing. The flavors and the texture of the veggies blended perfectly. So glad we chose to come here tonight.This was probably one of the best sushi places I've tried in philly! Right up there with 1225 raw. My friend and I both got rolls and hibachi with fried rice. Super fresh fish and awesome shrimp tempura. Not only was the food great, but the service was fast and attentive! Will definitely be coming back here and recommending to all of my friends! The sauce on the hibachi was delicious. It's BYOB but that's kind of a plus! They offered me an ice bucket too for my wine!So happy this spot opened up just a few blocks away from our house. We order from here at least once a week and Engimono never disappoints. The Volcano Roll and 76ers Roll are my favorite. You need to check this place out!Amazing all around!! Have been there twice since it opened and haven't found anything bad yet. Like the ambience. Kid friendly.Came on a Sunday for lunch. We were the only customers but food took forever to come. Waitress was also difficult to track down. Waitress also did not know her own specials. Food was decent. Got a special roll and a spicy tuna roll which were not the best ive had, but overall pretty good. Teriyaki chicken wasnt too sweet, but nothing special. Place was clean.Every menu item we had was amazing. Kani Salad, udon vegetable noodles, the 76ers roll and the Temple roll!!!The sushi had lovely presentation and was pretty good. I was disappointed because it mentioned poke bowls outside on a sign and I didn't see anything regarding poke on the menu. We also ordered spicy yellowtail and spicy tuna and when the server brought them out he said HE didn't know which was which because they looked so similar. Hmmm.
Also thought it was pretty expensive. 2 specialty rolls and 2 basics and seaweed salad were almost $60 when it was all said and done. This place is a BYO which helps offset as well. I thought the sushi was fine, my boyfriend loved it, and it's a cute & convenient location to our place so I'm sure we'll be back.A nice little restaurant, with much more than just a great selection of sushi on the menu.  The staff are very friendly and attentive, and the setting is brightly lit, modern, and inviting.   The food was delicious, so I'll definitely return soon.   If you're in the area and looking for good Asian cuisine, it's highly recommended.Just got food there today I order some sushi and maki rolls the raw fish was really fresh and delicious also the maki rolls was delicious too. Inside of the restaurant was nicely designed I really like the special lighting of the ceiling especially how it changes colors. The design texture on the walls was really nice too. So far I really like the place and service and how everything is nicely decorated and clean. Will be coming back soon for some more sushi.Very good new sushi spot in Fairmount. We made a reservation on Easter and the service was fast and pleasant. I had miso soup, edamame, and two rolls (pictured). One roll was tuna avocado and the other was spicy yellowtail apple. Friends had veggie tempura and a variety of different rolls as well. Veggie tempura wasn't as crispy as I expected and edamame was slightly underwhelming. Overall a really great meal and dining experience. BYOB!We walked here last night for a late sushi dinner. We live in the area and walk by frequently. Everything was great - we ordered edamame, vegetable gyoza, and three special rolls. The fish was super fresh and the dumplings had amazing flavor. My usual go-to is Doma on callowhill but Engimono may be my next sushi spot! The food was more than we could eat and the service was also great. The atmosphere inside is also very modern. It's BYOB and it was busy when we went.Birthday lunch with my husband customer service was great food was delicious!! Small nice sushi restaurant in the heart of Philadelphia. Definitely a must try if you love sushiI got the lunch special with three rolls and miso soup. Everything was so flavorful. The rolls had large, tender portions of meat and weren't overpacked with rice like other similarly priced restaurants. The soup was savory and mellow. I look forward to going back!Was craving sushi last night and found this place on Yelp. They had solid reviews for being such a new restaurant so I decided to give it a try. Delivery was quick and although I kept my order pretty simple with the chirashi and a spicy tuna roll, everything was fresh and really good. I'm definitely planning to check this place out in person.Very good! Its really cute inside, trendy. I like sitting in the back, or at the sushi bar, because the front tables are a bit on top of each other so you can probably ease drop on your neighbors convo. 
The menu is huge, but that is every sushi restaurant. A page for apps, another page for hand rolls, another page for specialty rolls, another page for sushi a-la-carte, another page for hot items like teriyaki and noodle or bento dishes. 
For Appetizer, we got:
1) Tuna Dumplings were really good, but would have been better with a creamy wasabi sauce drizzled on top. $10 for 2 dumplings is on-par with competitors, but these were a tad smaller so I'm not sure if the price was worth it, although they were very delicious. 
2) Spring Rolls I wasn't really a fan, but hey, for only $4, who cares.
For Sushi, I wish I could remember the names of the rolls, but here's my best: 
1) One off the specialty menu with mango in it - Tuna, yellowtail, avocado, mango, topped with crabmeat. This was my favorite of the night.. it was HUGE and so delicous, I just wished the mango was riper.
2) Angry Dragon roll, or Crazy Dragon.. something like that... with Eel and avocado on top, and fried shrimp tempura in the middle. This was really good too, pretty big, my favorite pieces were the 2 end pieces with the huge shrimp tails sticking out. Yumm.
3) 76ers roll, which was really good, a lot of interesting flavors going on here. Also Yumm.
4) Standard spicy tuna roll, although small and traditional, the quality tuna was great and it was prepared very well.
I would come back! Everything was delicious, very pretty presentations, and great service.  When I compare this place to other sushi restaurants, its very similar, so if I lived in old city or south philly, I wouldn't go out of my way to dine here, but for the Fairmount neighborhood, this is a good spot. BYO is nice, but somehow we still ended up with a $77 bill for 2 apps, and 4 rolls for a party of 2. No dessert. Umai Umai remains my favorite, but Engimono is still a great spot.So i decide to try this place out for the first time didnt feel like going downtown to my reg spot .was pretty empty since its was xmas eve but nice and clean great location for praking and walking from my home.. Service was not great need improvement..sushi is priced good..the chef need to improve on his roll..i dont like when my sushi fall apart while im eating..but overall i will try this place again they have a good selection on sushi and other foodGreat sushi in Fairmount. Super quick service and very friendly. My favorite roll was the Sexy Girl. Everything we ordered was fresh and tasted amazing! Would 100% go back very soonSo happy to see a sushi place in fairmount. Excellent service both in dining and delivery. Delicious rolls!I decided to do a Grubhub order from this place, because they had a good variety of veggie rolls. I happen to not be a seafood fan. I'm definitely not a regular Grubhub user, but I had a really good discount code and went for it. 
I placed a order for an Apple Roll, a Sweet Potato Tempura Roll, and a MAC (Mango, Avocado, Cucumber) Roll. I also ordered an order of the Vegetable Gyozas. 
My Grubhub actually arrived faster than expected, in about 20 minutes, and I was pretty satisfied with my order. The Sweet Potato Tempura Roll was nice and crunchy; the Apple Roll was something unique that I hadn't tried before. The MAC Roll was nice and fresh. I had specifically requested the Veggie Gyoza to be steamed, not fried, and they did this very well. They were also tasty. I could tell the rolls were wrapped tightly, and they came with tasty sauce. 
Overall, I was satisfied with my sushi. It was fresh, delicious, and filling. For vegans/veggie sushi lovers, this restaurant has a good variety of non-seafood menu options. I would definitely go/order f here again for a good sushi fix.Highly recommend Engimono!!! Tried both dine in and take out multiple times. Food is always freshly prepared and taste delicious.I came here two times before the food and service was great.. For some reason I came today with a group of friends to have lunch. One of the people that I was with never had sushi before she kept it simple and ordered shrimp tempura(which she liked) and California roll she really didn't like..We called over the waitress to see if we could get something else, she told her no and asked if she needed a box or if anybody at the table wanted the food...I never experience anything like that before I thought restaurant support to accommodate their customersSince it opened, Engimono has become my go-to for takeout and dining in. Whenever I do takeout, the food is always ready when it says it will be and it's consistently fresh and tastes great. When I dine in, whether with a smaller or larger group, the experience is always positive. I have tried a bunch of appetizers and rolls; and while I typically go with basic rolls I have enjoyed their specialty ones as well. I also love their tuna crab dumpling app- it's so different and tastes great. I will continue going here for good food at great prices. And it's BYO also!!Wonderful restaurant!  I was really in the mood for great Sushi and found it here. I had a very fresh salad and the Sushi Deluxe - 8 pieces and a crunchy spicy tuna roll. The presentation was a work if art. The dish was fresh, tasty and just great. The restaurant space was very comfortable and welcoming. The service was spot on!  I look forward to returning.OMG!!  the Maki Combo! Eat it with your mouth!  seriously tho you get a variety of great tasting rolls. Everyone should be in line lol. behind me tho lolTakeout yellowtail roll came completely broken. Looks like they didn't even try to seal it. Very sloppy. Tasted really fishy too & not in a good way. Ate 1 piece & threw the rest out. Would not order from here again.I really liked this place. The food was very good and service was great. Lower prices had my expectations down but this place has good food. Byob is a plus. My only concerns are how close the tables are to each other but that is manageable and the single bathroom. 
Plan to return at least once a monthI'll never tire of new sushi spots opening up in the city!  And this place definitely delivers. After eating all-you-can-eat at Aki, it's usually hard to follow up with  regular a la carte sushi, but it was nice leaving here comfortably full and not feeling like I needed to be rolled out the door.
Me and two others went on a Friday night and got there at about 7, white wine and prosecco in hand. We snagged the last seat that was available and it packed up a LOT immediately after. So definitely get here earlier if you can. The other reviews say they don't take reservations, however, the only other available table had a sign that said "reserved" on it, so maybe if you call ahead they will reserve one for you?
Its nice enough inside, with a decent amount of seating, but had a lot of random neon lights and an overall Technicolor vibe. I would say the atmosphere at Umai Umai is way trendier and nicer. They also didn't have chilling buckets for the booze, which I've noticed a lot of BYOB sushi places don't do for whatever reason. Our server was able to bring us a pitcher of ice water in lieu of this, though. Service was good, nothing bad or special.
Between the three of us, we tried 6 rolls. I like that they have different chalkboard specials of the day so the one special we tried was the "Fairmount Roll" which had lobster, a jalapeno soy wrap and fried crab on top. SO good. And super innovative. I've never had a green soy wrap like that. Would definitely order that if it was on special again.
From the regular menu, we also tried the Romantic Roll, Rainbow Roll, Triple Spicy Roll, Fantastic Roll and one other that I forget now. All were fresh and delicious but we all agreed the Fantastic Roll with shrimp tempura was the best.  The shrimp was battered and fried perfectly, yet wasn't overly heavy or mealy.  I ordered the Rainbow Roll since it's my favorite and the best way to gauge sushi anywhere. It was good, but definitely not as good as the ones from Umai Umai or Aki.
The last set of rolls we ordered took a very long time to come out, but we weren't in any rush and were able to digest, drink our prosecco and wine and get hungry for the next bit.
For 6 rolls with tip, it came to about $88. Not bad prices for the quality, I'd say.
I will definitely be back when I'm in the area.I decided to stop by here since I was in the area and was craving sushi. I ordered the chirashi and the tuna dumplings and all the cuts of every fish was amazingly fresh. Every piece of sushi I chewed just melted in my mouth. 
The interior was very modern and sophisticated. The staff was friendly and attentive.
And the sushi was out of the world!
I will definitely come back again to try more of their sushi entrees and their signature roll!The food here was actually really good. Food was cooked and prepared perfectly. The design of the place was amazing and relaxing for a good lunch break. I have tried alot of sushi restaurants, but this is by far one of the best I've ever had and it became one of my favorite sushi places in philly. I would definitely come back.Soooo good! Try the Angry Eel roll, you won't regret it! They were also very accommodating when I made a change to one of our other rolls. Fun aesthetic too!Came here with my wife for our 10 years anniversary dinner. Phenomenal Food with amazing services. Food came out faster than we expected. 5 StarsFirst time here and got a sushi platter with assorted fishes. Volcano roll and sushi a la carte was great! The interior design looks really modern and it's very spacious. The environment is very clean and looks like a great place to hang out and have dinner. Has a wonderful experience and would come back again in the near future!This is a new restaurant in the neighborhood that I hope has staying power. We have ordered delivery, takeout and also dined in. I can't say I have had a bad meal or experience here. I have had their lunch bento boxes which are around $10. For delivery/takout, we usually get sushi rolls, shumai, and other apps. I always love what I order. Prices are pretty standard compared to similar places in the city. 
Inside the restaurant, it's bright, clean and has good music playing. Service is friendly and attentive. It never seems that busy but maybe they do a lot of take-out and delivery business. 
It is a great addition to the neighborhood.They are over priced and mess up my order every other time. The rolls are small and they don't like to make adjustments. I would suggest ordering from La Sushi instead. At least there you get what you pay forFantastic BYOB sushi place. Can't say enough good things about it. The staff is attentive and friendly and the price points are great. Every roll I've had here has been delicious and their soups and other appetizers have been great too. I have to stop myself from going here so often!Great BYOB spot. Service was quick. Sushi was fresh and there were so many rolls to choose from. Definitely will be back!Tried this new restaurant for takeout Friday night and loved it!! Two meals took roughly 40 minutes to make. 
We got a stir fry and the chicken teriyaki platter. 
The vibe inside was cute when I went to grab the food and the hostess said on weekend you need a reservation. The place is also BYOB which I'm always in search of a good BYO. 
We loved the place, will deff want to try more on the menu in the coming months!!I am no sushi expert.. BUT I do frequently eat sushi and appreciate some good rice & fish. I didn't expect much coming here but this place was far better than I thought it would be.
We started with an appetizer - the firecracker shrimp & I was pleased at how fresh the shrimp was (& just overalll so tasty with the sauce). I ordered a Chirashi sushi entree (which includes a soup or salad) and my bf got a bento box (his signature order when we go to these type of sushi restaurants). 
I kid you not, this was the BEST chirashi I've ever had - the presentation was 10/10 and the fish tasted SO delicious & fresh (like it wasn't 'fishy' but just melted the way I like my sashimi!). Everything in the bento box was flavorful & yummy too. We ended up being way too full to finish - but overall we were surprised at how filling AND good our meal was. We'll definitely be back for more!While Engimono doesn't look like much from the outside, they offer very fresh high quality fish, the perfect rice to fish ratio (not too rice heavy), and very nice and friendly service. We live in the neighborhood and usually go once a week. 
We typically stick to the "regular" no frills rolls, as they're my favorite and showcase the quality of the fish the best in my opinion, but we also enjoy the Romantic roll, Temple roll, Rainbow roll, and 76ers roll. For regular rolls, the stand out ones are: alaska, salmon mango, spicy scallop, eel cucumber, tuna avocado, and yellowtail scallion. I never order shrimp tempura rolls because I always find them to taste stale or oily, but Engimono does it right! It's massive and it's amazing if you ask for a side of spicy mayo to dip it in. Trust me.
BYOB and they take reservations, although we usually just walk in and never have an issue being seated quickly.It's an ok little sushi place. The ambience is nice. My major complaint is that the menu is kind of bland/generic in its offerings. Their combo offerings are priced the same as ordering al á carte. Their chicken gyoza is really good, you can tell that they use good quality ingredients with it. Their spicy tuna roll is not bad, not amazing either. As a sushi glutton, this wouldn't be my first place to eat sushi.We order delivery from them regularly as they're in our neighborhood. Fine quality fast service.Every time I come here I come there with excellent delight. It's so wonderful here I feel so happy inside every time I order. Because of the great customer service that they provide at this sushi spot. I'll deathly come back with the whole family next time I come.Great! I was a little surprised by the neon lights inside but the sushi was really good, the service was great, the prices were good. Definitely looking forward to going back many times. 
It's a lot more casual than Umai Umai, which is only a few blocks away. Engimono is great but I still say Umai Umai is the best sushi in the citySo happy that there is another sushi place in Art Museum area and with great lunch specials. Brought my family who are visiting from Australia, London, and LA for lunch and it was really good. The lunch special selection was awesome. I got the 3 rolls lunch special for $11.95. Can't beat that price and the freshness of the rolls. My husband ordered the hibachi beef bento box and it was very tasty. My dad loves the eel rice. My aunt had udon and thought it was good. Everyone was happy and full. I would definitely come again.Went to the grand opening of this new sushi place and was very pleased! The sushi was so delicious! We tried the hand rolls and signature rolls. Both made to perfection! The hand rolls simple and full of flavor. The signature rolls weren't doused in heavy sauces, like at other places! the fish was so fresh and meaty, it spoke for itself - the hint of sauce added was just for decoration:) BYOB! 
Service: it was so busy during dinner! And the staff was overwhelmed, but still showed their appreciation for the customers supporting the opening. Im sure they learned a lot from the first night and will tweak some aspects of the service and improve for the future! I'm one to give the benefit of the doubt 
Can't wait to go back and try more!Finally! a sushi place opened on fairmount ave. 
The yukuza roll is perfect. It is my favorite sushi roll I've ever had. It's a spicy tuna roll topped with salmon, avocado and a very thin lemon slice and it's delicious. I never really thought about eating raw salmon with raw a raw lemon slice and a tiny bit of soy sauce, but I needed it in my life. All of the special rolls are kind of interesting. 
The place is clean, white, kind of sterile feeling. no complaints really, but I wish you could get lunch specials on Sundays.This is the place to get tempura and next time I go I'm trying to Katsu. Really good, fresh sushi and the Lunch specials are extremely good deals (three rolls for like 12 bucks-ish!)
The atmosphere is not super fancy but actually quite nice. The lights change colors, and the whole place has a very modern/post-modern feel. 
I like my sticky rice more vinegary but besides that, perfect!This place is great. The food is very good service is friendly. It is near CCP just few minutes walking.I decided to stop by here since I was in the area and was craving sushi. I ordered the chirashi and the tuna dumplings and all the cuts of every fish was amazingly fresh. Every piece of sushi I chewed just melted in my mouth. 
The interior was very modern and sophisticated. The staff was friendly and attentive.
And the sushi was out of the world!
I will definitely come back again to try more of their sushi entrees and their signature rolls!We do weekly pick up from here and it is consistently great! Love the very creative rolls and all the appetizers we get are fantastic as well. Highly recommend it to all who like sushi!!Always quality food from here and great service. I've dined in, taken out and had delivery and can't complain about any of it. Fish is fresh and the prices are extremely reasonable for the cityGreat food in a nice environment. Raw dishes were fresh and tasty. Chicken katsu was very crisp and the sides that came with the katsu were delicious. The owner Albert personally came to greet us and ask how the food and service were! Thank you.Came for lunch on a Sunday.  There was only one other occupied table.  
 Can't believe how this place receive the 4+ satr rating!
The agedashi tofu was flavorless. You'd think it being fried the tofu would be hot. It was literally cold.  The gyoza had the texture of rubber.  Miso soup was barely warm; worse yet it tasted like it has been sitting in the pot for many days.  
The topper of it all is the human hair that accompanied our entree.  A real appetite killer. 
Service was also poor.    
In summary over priced, poor quality, don't go.