Just went there tonight with my wife for a nice dinner. The food was incredible! I had the NY STRIP and she had the lamb, and both were absolutely delicious and cooked perfectly. The service was also great, the waiter messed up a tiny bit our order so he got us 2 free dessert :) super nice! And if you have room for dessert, don't even think twice and order the fried oreos!the duck and the steak were a little tough.  The cheese plate and lobster appetizer was wonderful as well as the dessert!Yum, yum yummmmmmmmmmm. My man candy and I went to entree for restaurant week and both have a lovely evening.
For appe-tits (hehe) we got the balsamic calamari which was fresh and tart and fantastic. Came with a bunch of different sriracha sauces too which of course complemented the calamari perfectly. We also got the prosciutto wrapped dates stuffed with gorgonzola. Really rich and meaty in texture, and tasted amazing when you dipped it in their balsamic dipping sauce that came with the bread (oh yea, they give free bread and olive oil :) I found this to be a little on the rich side on it's own, but dip it in the sweet balsamic and it really changes things.
For dinner, I had the duck with a sun dried tomato and cherry sauce which came with purple potatoes and mushrooms. Mmm mmm, mmmm under the sun, I was a happy camper. The duck was crispy, tender, and perfectly cool while the sauce really complimented it perfectly. The potatoes were tender and soaked up the sauce really nicely.
Handsome pants had the chicken which is apparently the signature dish at entree. I don't know what it was spiced it but it had a morroccan flavor to it. Came with delicious mashed potatoes too. 
For dessert we got the white chocolate creme brulee and the limencello cake. The limencello cake was lemon cake with cheese cake layering and the creme brulee was just delicious. Both were really great, but seriously could use a cup of coffee. Veryyyy decadent desserts after a heavy meal. 
Our waitress was also really great! She recognized our needs and put up with our indecisiveness, but was not over bearing. Our table unfortunately was right in front of the door so we were a bit cold, but that did not affect my dining experience.
Definitely would go here again!We stumbled upon Entree BYOB by accident when the BYOB we had planned to go to was closed due to a family emergency. Lucky for us, they were able to accommodate our party of 4 at 8pm with no reservation--on a Saturday night no less! 
We absolutely couldn't have asked for a better experience--we were there to celebrate our good friends' recent engagement and the menu had plenty of options to get us each excited.
We opted for the $40 tasting menu which turned out to be a fabulous deal (especially since we had our own wine!). To start, we sampled each of the starters: The Wedge Salad (with a gorgonzola dressing and crispy bacon), The Arugula Salad (with grapefruit, peaches, and nuts), and the Fried Calamari. Both of the salads were tasty and were dressed perfectly. My husband had the calamari and said it was the absolute best he has had in Philadelphia. Considering he rarely exaggerates, I would call that a Wow dish!
For our entrees we enjoyed the Duck Breast, NY Strip with Mashed Potatoes and Asparagus, and the happy couple both had the Halibut. My steak was prepared perfectly, albeit a bit fatty for my taste but still quite delicious. The mashed potatoes and asparagus were perfectly seasoned and prepared. Yum!
Husband had the duck and said it was great! The real show stopper though was the Halibut. Although I am not a seafood eater personally, I was almost tempted to try it just because they raved so highly about it (although I am not sure they would have wanted to share! haha!) On our walk back home I think they brought it up twice--they really were impressed!
Finally, dessert. It was a nice touch that dessert was included as part of the tasting menu. Hubby and I had the fried oreos and our friends shared the nutella cannoli and limencello cake. The oreos were pretty good (I think I don't want to have liked them as much as I did) and the nutella cannolli was described as "good but rich!" Overall an A+ experience and we would absolutely return to enjoy their seasonal menu on another occasion. Highly recommend!Had a wonderful dinner last Entree last night.  Great new BYOB to the Philadelphia area.   Service was outstanding and the staff made ever effort to make the evening wonderful.
We had the duck spring rolls, strip steak (one of the best steaks I've had in a while), and the chicken dish.  Loved that several dishes on the menu had goat cheese - my favorite cheese.   Get the duck confit spring rolls!  Dessert was also great too.  Lastly chef was accommodating and switched out a side dish that came with our steak.
Very affordable for city dining.   Can't wait to go back!Went there last night after reading all the excellent reviews.  The food was delicious (had the calamari and duck breast).  However, the small space did pose a problem- we had a reservation but ended up waiting 15+ minutes to sit because another table was late for their reservation.  The wait staff were friendly about it but it did put a bit of a damper on the beginning of our meal.  However, a good neighborhood byo if its not too crowded.I had the pleasure of eating at Entrée BYOB Saturday 6/11/2016. 
It was simply amazing!
From my appetizer the wedge salad to my meal of NY Strip Steak w/ Asparagus and Mashed potatoes topped off with crème brûlée as my desert. It was seasoned to perfection. 
Now, while great food is expected at any restaurant worth their salt. What took the experience over the top was the attentive and friendly staff. Everyone was anxious to serve and nothing was "too much" for them. 
To the chef/owner Kevin, I cannot wait to bring my wife back to experience this previously unknown gem.
To the staff that was so gracious and caring, continue to put the customers first, continuing enjoying what you do and each other because the camaraderie amongst you is what makes this establishment unique. 
Sean "DJ Shizz" LeeGreat food good service. They don't do anything to crazy but they do the simple things very well. Just moved into the neighborhood and will return soon.This place is small but wonderful! It was a great little find on south street that served delicious food. Our group of 10 had a great time and we would definitely come back again!My wife and I went there for restaurant week and had a great meal with outstanding service.  We arrived on time for our reservation and were promptly seated.  Our server Kim explained the restaurant week menu to us and we ordered different meals.  My wife had the arugula salad, the scallops entree, and a dessert with lady fingers, espresso and vanilla ice cream.  I had the shrimp with habanero and sweet sauce, the Bronzino and the Creme Brûlée.  The meal was one of the best we have had in recent years and we eat out all of the time.  The only thing better than the food was the outstanding service by our server Kim and the team at entree.  Kim could not have been nicer.  Her service was courteous, efficient and unobtrusive.  Great spot with a hip young vibe that us older folks really enjoyed, this is now high up on our list and we will now come here often.I came for restaurant week with two friends, and everything we had was absolutely delicious! My favorites were the calamari, the steak, and the fried Oreos. If you haven't tried a fried Oreo, drop everything and go get one. Oh my warm, chocolatey goodness! I'd definitely recommend making a reservation. We had a reservation for 9, and they were running a little behind, but we're very apologetic. The atmosphere was cozy (read: small) and welcoming, but the tables were a little too close together. Overall, the food was amazing, the service was great, and who doesn't love a good BYOB?Alana, our server was extremely accommodating and made sure we were very comfortable. 
The food was excellent for the price and i will definitely be returning!My wife and I were recently in Philadelphia and ended up having dinner here. The entire meal was beyond spectacular. We started with the Fried Calamari appetizer. The calamari was perfectly fried; there was no rubber band texture here. For my entree, I had Frutti di mare. The seafood portion was generous and prepared exactly as expected, but the broth was the star of the show. There was such an incredible depth of flavor to the broth, it's hard to explain in words. It was, without a doubt, the most flavorful seafood broth I have ever had. I regularly order Zuppa di Pesce (or Ciopinno) in restaurants, but this was on a completely different level. I finished with the fried Oreo dessert. If you have ever eaten fried Oreos at a fair, imagine the burnt oil taste and overwhelming amount of grease being removed, leaving you with just the creamy, chocolate-y goodness of an Oreo. All in all, the experience was exceptional. I can't wait to be in Philly again so we can go back.Went last week. Got the calamari app and the dish with mussels and clams in a red sauce with risotto. Seriously the calamari was the BEST I have ever had. Plus its BYO.  Recommend highly.Visited this place for Restaurant Week since it was close by and reviews were good. The location is small and dimly lit by candles with a cozy atmosphere. I don't know if it was because I was starving by dinner time, but I found their started bread with vinegar and oil to be delicious. The bread was a bit herby and the oils were a bit sweet; they went great together. And I almost ate two loaves since the bread was so good and I was so hungry.
Now on to the ordered food. I had the dragon shrimp appetizer that was the perfect blend of sweet and spicy with a slight crust on the outside. For the main course, I had the pork tenderloin. The meat was very flavorful and juicy. It paired well with the sauce and the roasted potatoes (though I found them a bit over seasoned). The serving size was also very large so I was getting full after my second course. I also tried a bit of my friend's chicken dish and the meat was not dry at all and the vegetables and mashed potatoes also tasted great. I finished off with the nutella cannoli that had an interesting blend of chocolate and fruits. My only complaint was that I didn't know how to pick it up and eat it. My experience here was great and I highly recommend everyone to try it out during Restaurant Week!This is where I wish I could give a half star. Torn between 3 and 4 stars.
Was here on a Saturday night with a group of 12. Called pretty last minute to increase from 10 to 12 and the restaurant was accommodating of this. Entree is tiny and very cozy.  We had one long table at the end of the restaurant close to the kitchen. We were very comfortable and not bothered so I cannot comment on the fact that tables were pushed up close together as other reviewers mentioned. If that is an issue, maybe they should reconsider going to small BYOBs.  I also see comments about bad name choice for the restaurant. I don't get it at all. What difference does a name make if the food is good?
And the food was good. Nothing amazing or particularly memorable, just good. I would describe it as "comfort" perhaps, lots of meat options. Desserts all sounded pretty Italian, so maybe it was mediterranean? Menu wasn't too big and included two pre-set options for $40 and $50. The preset menu had pretty much same dishes as the regular menu. Our group did mostly presets, which came with an appetizer, entree and a dessert. 
From appetizer menu I had the prosciutto wrapped dates that were stuffed with gorgonzola. The description sounded better than the actual dish. I could not taste anything but the date. They were seared and warm which made them overly sweet, sweeter than they typically are. If I didn't read that they were stuffed with gorgonzola, I would have not known it was in there. In fact I barely knew there was prosciutto, you could not taste anything but the date. 
My husband had the calamari appetizer and I had a taste. It was good, nice crunch and acidity from the balsamic vinegar reduction but nothing spectacular. It very much reminded me of a calamari dish I had at another restaurant in the city. 
For my entree I had the scallop dish from the regular menu. The scallops were succulent and delicious, cooked very well throughout. I do prefer more of a caramelization on my scallop that these were lacking. It was served with a sweet potato and corn hash which was unbelievably tasty. I want to say it was my favorite thing that whole evening. It was sweet and citrusy. It was disappointing to only have three scallops. I think for $29 there should have been at least four.
My husband had a steak with lobster. I tried the steak and although it was perfectly seasoned, the meat itself lacked in flavor. My husband very much enjoyed it. 
I also tried a piece of duck breast that was ordered by a friend. It was very soft and delicious. The sun-dried cherry-port demi was yummy.
The fried oreos from the dessert menu were good as only oreos deep fried in funnel cake batter could be. Yummy but not very creative. 
I also tried the nutella cannoli. I don't prefer cannolis very much and didn't expect this one to be any different. I did not taste nutella in the filling whatsoever.
Another friend got the creme brulee and it was perfect. Very light and just the right consistency. 
Overall, the food was good but it lacked certain creativity. It was simple and some dishes were better executed than others.Just got back from dinner here and I had to write this review while the experience was still fresh on my mind. I have to say the service was excellent...thanks to Kim! The food was delicious. The calamari was amazing (it came with a black ink aioli and siracha aioli and it was fried and dipped in balsamic) I got the scallops for my entree and my boyfriend got the duck. We were both VERY satisfied with our meals. To finish it off we got the fried Oreos for dessert .....ummmm the best thing ever. We will definitely be back!Our server could've threw my wine in my face and I'd still give this place a five star review because of how spectacular the food is. Luckily, our server was awesome. Went to Entree on a Friday night with a party of 8. Everything from apps to dessert were perfection. I tasted the scallops, muscles, crab cakes, shrimp, and steak - each bite better than the last. #neverchangeThis place is amazing! There is good food and excellent service. We were here during a restaurant week so the menu was prefixed. The appetizer I had was the calamari and it was amazing. It was very tasty and one of the best calamaris I had in philly. It was very tasty not to chewy and the crunch was just right. For my entree I had the braised duck and it was the best duck I had in a while. It was very tasty and super moist. It was not oily which can completely ruin a duck. The deserts were the best in philly. I had a lemon cake that was very tasty. I tried the deep fried Oreos which were incredible and very sugary (perhaps to much).What a great hidden gem on South Street! My girlfriend and I were looking for a spot to get dessert and coffee after dinner and we walked here after following a yelp review. Order the fried Oreos; they are amazing! These Oreos are best accompanied by a glass of dry dark red wine or espresso/cappuccino, which entree has as well. 
~cheers~It held tru about special of the day!
Everyone in my group of six had a great main course, attractive and delish. 
My special a fried veal cutlet topped with a lobster tail was a disappointment .
Veal was soggy as if reheated, the lobster tail was tiny and overlooked.
Desert was a nice sweet conclusion of carmel creme brûlée.
Waitstaff was upbeat, attentive and polite.
Everyone but me enjoyed their food. 
I would try it again.I truly love to dine, and have traveled from Hawaii (our home) to chase great meals.  This is a must visit.  From the onset Kimberly (our waitress) was a pleasure, and the meal for the money was as good as you can get anywhere.  Give it a shot.  You will be pleased!  Aloha.....It had been a while since I'd been back to Entree, but I went with a few friends on Saturday night. Again, it was excellent. We had to make an early reservation (5:30pm) because they were fully booked throughout the night, but it was still cool to go earlier. 
We got there on time and were immediately greeted by our waiter, Rob...he was great. He opened our bottle of wine and started us off with the fried calamari. I've ordered that every time I've been here, because I love that it's tossed with peppadews. For my entree, I went with the N.Y. Strip. It was cooked perfectly (mid-rare) and it was incredible. The asparagus and mashed potatoes really rounded it out as a great dish. I normally don't get dessert, but I wanted to try the fried Oreos because it's something I've never had before. They were surprisingly good! Lastly, I topped everything off with an espresso.
The early reservation actually worked out nicely because we beat the dinner rush, and the place was starting to fill up just as we were leaving. Everybody was really satisfied, and we had a great time!Amazing from the service to the food. I came here yesterday evening with my boyfriend for restaurant week and to celebrate his birthday. Our waiter was wonderful, so attentive and nice. I started with the cheese plate, the tuna for my main entrée and the crème brûlée for dessert. My boyfriend had the dragon shrimp tempura, scallops and fried Oreos. They even put a candle in my boyfriends dessert and sing to him. Our water glasses never went empty. They were constantly refilled which I really appreciated.
Everything was delicious. Will absolutely return! 
Thank you for such a wonderful dining experience!!Amazing! Most delicious menu....from the apps to dessert (fried Oreos and ice cream!) Super friendly service. Have been here three times and each time was awesome. Not a bad entree on the menu. Would highly recommend!We came here for Father's Day and it was awesome! Small restaurant but very passionate staff.  Since it was BYOB, they happily opened our wine and brought glasses!  The menu was an excellent variety!  Since this review is a bit delayed I can't remember exactly what we had, but our party of 6 had no complaints and everyone enjoyed al the dishes.  Everything was flavored well and not overly salty or sweet.  Would definitely come back again next time we are in Philly!We had a lovely evening at Entree.  The food was excellent.  The service was very good!  
I love the price fix menu.  The kale salad and the veal were outstanding! 
The only issue is that the smell of cigarettes came into the restaurant.  The front was open.  We weren't sure where it was coming from.  
Tuesday night is trash night.  So, you might not want to sit outside because there were neighborhood garbage bags everywhere.Just finished dining at this restaurant and the food was delicious. If I could give more stars I would. The atmosphere was laid back and casual but the food was top notch. I got the wedge salad, seared duck breast, and fried Oreos. All 3 courses were phenomenal. I will definitely be going back again and recommending this restaurant to anyone looking for a high quality meal in the area.Feb 8, 2014 We started with fried calamari, had good flavor but was overcooked and dry, Wedge was good with just enough Blue cheese dressing. The mussels and clams were very good, and the broth was great for dunking the bread in. If not for the mussels and clams, i would have given only 2 stars. I had the NY Strip steak, tender beef with good flavor, cooked med rare, perfect, BUT they forgot the caramelized red onions, with such a limited menu, I don't understand how they can forget a key important item???? The potatoes were dry with NO flavor, where was the goat cheese, I guess they forgot that too. The salmon was fresh and cooked perfectly, the duck was undercooked and the scallops were very fresh and cooked perfectly, the portion was small for the price.
The service was fair to poor, we had to ask for bread and the waiter forgot the coffee we ordered with dessert plus he never checked to inquire how the meal was. The Lemongello was excellent but the Nutella filled cannoli was AWFUL...worst cannoli I ever had.
Overall, I would not recommend this restaurant. There are too many great places in Philly to choose from. The total bill for 4 was $145.00 ;did not include tip. Another note is we ordered 2 pre-fixed meals, which included the small order of calamari and the desserts for $35.00 a person. If you ordered the Duck it was $40.00Amazing food! Very gluten friendly and knowledge wait staff! Reasonably priced tasting menu and it being a byob makes it all that more wonderful! My only critique is the dinning room is small.We had a wonderful experience at Entree on our recent trip to Philly. We stayed in the neighborhood with my family and decided to have a nice meal to celebrate my daughters first birthday. When we walked in I felt a big awkward as the place seemed more couples and ladies night out oriented but our server made us feel so comfortable and welcome that we soon were having a fabulous time. Kim was just extraordinary: warm, friendly, attentive and efficient. Exceptional service. The food was great, it was Restaurant Week so we got to try lots of different fun things. Thank you for  the great night, Entree & Kim!Went here last minute for restaurant week with the boyfriend. I thoroughly enjoyed it here and was surprised they had various options for the prix fixe dinner. Also a plus that it's byob. Service was courteous and prompt. I had the arugula salad, seared duck and creme brûlée. Everything tasted perfect. The arugula salad was refreshing and reminded me of how much I liked grapefruit. The duck was cooked perfectly and had a nice crispiness on the outside and tenderness on the inside. The creme brûlée was creamy and delicious. Bf had the calamari (crispy but not overwhelming-perfect), seared tuna (so good) and fried oreo with ice cream (also good!). We will come here again to check out their regular menu items.Great food, excellent ambiance and fantastic service from this intimate restaurant! We were a largish group (12) and could not have been better served by Kim. She made our event special and met all our needs. The food was creative and beautifully presented. As good as anything anywhere we've been!Amazing food. Amazing ambiance. Amazing Chef Kevin. I'd give it 6 stars if I could. Even though there were a good amount of patrons Maddie, our server, was amazing! I will be coming back for sure!Last night we were a party of 10 at Entree, at 7:30, and shortly after we all arrived we were seated. We ordered a large variety from the reasonably prix-fix  menu. The bread and nicely flavored olive oil balsamic dip quickly came to our table brought by our excellent server Kim. She was helpful in ordering and was very pleasant! She provided flawless service to this large often difficult group! Then we chose salads or apps. Each salad or app was unique in their preparation and declared delicious by all! We ordered a variety of items from their menu. Three of us ordered the Tuna, 2 people ordered scallops, 2 different preparations. One over squid ink pasta with mussels and clams with a puttanesca sauce and the other over a sweet potato hash. 1 person ordered the duck,1 veal and lobster, 1 steak with mashed potatoes, a swordfish with crab crust and a chicken dish. Their presentation and uniqueness in flavor and ingredient combinations made each meal a success! Dessert of the homemade pumpkin fried Oreos with a scoop of vanilla gelato was a final wow to an excellent meal! We have been to many of the so called "hot spots" in Philly, that you need reservations months in advance, with well known chefs, but this little BYOB ranks up there with the best of them! Kudos to the owner/ chef and for pleasing this large group! In all our years of dinning together, this has never happened!What a treat! We stumbled across this gem on South street, and so glad we did! My boyfriend and I started with the soft shell crab as an appetizer. It had an amazing watermelon salsa that perfectly complemented the dish. As my entree, I had the veal special, which I was told was the highlight of the week. And boy was he right! It was cooked to perfection and served over fluffy mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus with a pleasantly surprising lobster rose sauce. My boyfriend chose the other "surf-n-turf" option, a NY strip with a buttery lobster tail. The temperatures on both the dishes were absolutely perfect. We could have used butter knives to cut our dishes, they were so tender! We chose to end our perfect meal with the fried Oreos, who our amazing server Cal recommended. It was perfect! Make sure you don't miss out on this treat, served hot with a scoop of French vanilla ice cream and house made salted caramel. This place is a diamond in the rough, and an unexpected treat. We will surely be back soon! Another cool thing, the owner is the head chef and makes time to talk to every table and ensure they are having a great experience. Don't miss out on this place!To be savored, and a great value. The service, food were personal and not easily forgotten. They care about their craft.We were a group of 11 from out of town and were fortunate to find this little gem on Yelp. Kim, who helped me set up our reservation, and served our meal at the restaurant is fantastic. She went above and beyond to make sure we were happy. She even taught us little trick with attaching the cork to the wine bottle. We loved the menu that had a la carte and two price fixed options, $40 and $50. I think just about all of us went with the price fixed, which includes a starter, entree and dessert. We were not disappointed with one item out of our large group. The chef/owner was very friendly and he and his kitchen staff did a wonderful job with every plate.  Also, bring your own great bottles of wine and corkage is free. We will definitely be back next time in Philadelphia.Solid byob. More of a 3.75 for me but did not sample many dishes. Good service. We enjoyed the cheese plate, duck, brussels sprouts with bacon, and lemon cake. The flavors were on the sweeter side in some dishes (eg the sprouts and sauce in the duck dish) which may not work for everyone. A bit on the cramped and loud side when there are large groups, just fyi.If you want 5-star food at a reasonable price, check out Entree!! The menu was diverse and i wanted to try everything. My favorite thing about the menu is that you can do a prix fix-type pairing to try an app, entree and dessert for a great price (including their best dishes!). My husband started with calamari- wow!!! Unique and tasty preparation. I had a light salad that was delish. I had one of the seafood specials and it was so good everyone at the table had to try it. Then for dessert my husband had fried oreos and i did creme brulee. Everything we had was exceptional. And to top it off, you can bring your own wine so we splurged on a nice bottle to pair with the food. Highly recommend this friendly gem!The food was wonderful, the service was terrible. 
When walking in, the first waiter pointed to our table and immediately started talking to the couple behind us. He didn't bother seating us. It took us about 10 minutes to get water, 20 minutes for them to finally open our wine, and they never bothered to ask to chill our white, even though there were plenty of other tables getting the full treatment. We finally got bread when we ordered after being there for 40 minutes, and after that service was status quo. 
The food was great, not terribly unique, but there are plenty of other restaurants in the city where I actually feel like they want me there so I see no reason to come back here.I dined here last Saturday. My party was late getting to the place and we were slow to order our food too. However, our server was brilliant and always engaging. 
Everything we ordered was well prepared and divine. My monk fish was cooked perfectly, the seared tuna was like eating butter, and the fried calamari was the best I had, maybe ever!
Deserts didn't disappoint. I highly recommend the Limoncello cake. It was lovely. This place is a must go to-go to often.I wanted this place to be 5 stars, and will give it another chance -- maybe it will be. 
First, the food: Its very good. Its not as "interesting" as you'll find in a trendy center city restaurant; instead its good, traditional, solid neighborhood fare. And given the quality, its a great deal for the price. For a $40 prix-fix (optional), you get an appetizer, an entree, and a dessert, all large portions and delicious. If everything was as good as the food I'd give the place 5 stars. 
The service was a bit.. confused. They brought my dessert before my wife had finished her entree, and then tried rushing her through. When refilling my water, they rested the pitcher on my tuna!  They brought us the wrong check. Etc. But everyone was friendly.  Nothing terrible, so I have high hopes that it will be better next time I go.I've taken a while to think about the dinner experience I had here before writing a review. I live right around the corner from Entree, and am very excited to have a new BYO in the area that serves good food, so I didn't want to jump to writing a scathing review until my emotions had settled a little. And now that that's happened, here it goes [warning: this will be very long]:
I went to dinner at Entree on a Saturday night at the end of October. My friends and I (only a group of 3) made a reservation a week in advance for 7:30 and were excited to try the place out. We arrived about 5 minutes early to find the place pretty busy, but at least three 4-tops were free. We waited for way too long for someone to approach us (super awkward as there is NOWHERE to stand to wait, which I hated. It was quite cold outside and we stood literally next to a group of diners while waiting to be greeted. Really uncomfortable).
We were told that a large party was coming in soon, and the empty tables we reserved for them. Our table would be free shortly. The women who spoke to us wasn't friendly and actually quite curt, which I didn't understand. We proceeded to stand (stand!) for another 15 minutes, again awkwardly cramping people trying to enjoy their meals. I surveyed the room and could tell no groups were even served their checks yet. Keep in mind, we're now 15 minutes after our reservation, 30% of the restaurant is empty but waiting for a large group, and nobody has spoken to us since telling us it'd be a few minutes. No offer to open our wine, or show us the menu, or apologize. Nothing.
Then someone told us we could sit at a table, that wasn't ours, until our table freed up. Again, no offer to provide us with anything - menu, opening our wine, glasses of water...nothing.
Finally, 30 minutes after our reservation time we were seated. Again, no apology. I was boggled at how terrible the service had been up to that point. We were seated in a back table that kept getting knocked by the side door (not a bathroom door, some storage room or something). The waitress who had greeted us continued to be beyond rude, taking 15 minutes (more!) to give us menus and when we asked about the drink mixes that we read about on Yelp looked angry and confused and said in a huff, "not sure what you're talking about. we've had some changes since we opened and our website hasn't been updated."
Over an hour after our initial reservation we were finally asked what we'd like to order. The waiter who took our order was friendly and attentive, though still no apologies. Nobody opening our wine bottle, nobody bringing water, nothing. Reallllllly frustrating and confusing.
Around 8:30 (when we placed our order) the famous "large party" arrived. It ended up being nearly 30 people in a tiny restaurant with other diners, who were loud and clearly there for a birthday of some sort. Nothing wrong with that, but this wasn't the place for it. There were so many of them that it should've been an entire rented out place. The servers had to bring out outdoor chairs, folding chairs, etc. to accommodate them. And guess what?? They seemed to fantastic service! Really sad that the decision by the staff was to treat single groups like absolute crud and treat a huge party like rockstars.
Here's the thing - once the food finally arrived, it was DELICIOUS. Really, really, really, really good. I got a light fish (forgot, sorry) with this fantastically amazing creamed corn side and my friends shared the steak entree and I believe a chop of some kind. All three dishes were superb. We weren't offered dessert (see this trend of horrendous service??) and were pretty rushed out, which was ironic given that nobody else was waiting to be seated and we'd been so slowly given food and a meal. Food alone forbids me from giving a 1 star rating.
I want to go back and give it another try. I hope to have an updated review soon that's 4 or 5 stars, to outweigh this one. For what it's worth, I'd say more like a 2.25 star place. Food was a 5 (though I wanted dessert!) and service was a whopping 0. Everything else (ambience, etc.) was probably a 3.5.
I want to think this was a veryyyy off night for Entree, and the food was so good I very well may return. But it's not the cheapest BYO (most entrees are $22-$30) and it's not the prettiest (minimal decor, not the best tables/chairs/etc., cramped beyond belief). And while I understand restaurants having growing pains, at least say sorry! I wasn't even looking for food to be comped or discounted, I just wanted someone to realize and acknowledge how horrific our service and treatment had been. Oh, did I mention it was my birthday dinner?I enjoyed the dinner for Restaurant week here so much and I can't wait to come back to try more of the menu. It's BYOB so don't forget to bring your favorite wine. 
Amazing menu, service was 5-star and the setting was comfortable. The walls are covered with chalk artwork done by the Chef's sister.  I can't think of anything that I would improve here so that's why it get's 5 stars. 
What I ate and loved: 
Seared Tuna 
Calamari starter 
Nutella Cannoli 
Fried Oreos
oh and in case you didn't know... EVERYTHING is made in-house... including the ice cream for dessert''This place was great! Glad we made a reservation because it was packed on a Saturday night. My favorite was the calamari with a balsamic glaze. Perfect with the Chardonnay we brought with us.Excellent food! We went for restaurant week and the food was overall wonderful. The only downfall is that we sat outside and I had a lot of bugs flying around and into my food, but I guess that's expected when your table is on the sidewalk. I would definitely return!Absolutely delicious, top 5 meals I've ever eaten.  Truly a must if your in Philadelphia. The lobster tail was out of this world. As well as the monkfish and duck. Better than sex is an understatement.Very enjoyable. Nice small space. Great service. Taste (and presentation) are wonderful. Surf and turf was a perfect mix with the potatoes, asparagus, and glaze.After reading the rave reviews I made a reservation for Saturday night for me and my wife.  I had already reviewed the menu beforehand and was eager to try a variety of offerings.  Upon arrival at the restaurant one of the specials was Duck and Waffles.  Although I had gone in wanting to order something off of their regular menu, I was smitten by the thought of duck and waffles...unfortunately, it left much to be desired.
First, one of our appetizers was the calamari, which was highly recommended by our server.  The calamari was overly fried to the point several pieces were unrecognizable as calamari.  Second, the idea of tossing fried calamari in a "balsamic glaze" was not a very good idea...it was too strong of a flavor that really overpowered the entire dish.
Now on to the Duck and Waffles.  My first gasp came when I saw an employee of the restaurant emerge from the basement with a box of FROZEN belgian waffles!!  I am sorry, if you are a high-end restaurant in Philadelphia offering such a dish at such a price, frozen waffles should never be an option.  If anything, a homemade waffle should be made to order considering the amount of time it takes to make same.  Despite this, I held onto hope and stuck with my order.  
Due to its original frozen state, the waffle was spongy and not very enjoyable as it lacked the airy and malty characteristics you would expect from a homemade belgian waffle.  Second, the dish was overly sweet to the point it was hard to eat.  A stack chocolate chip pancakes with whip cream on top from any diner would have been less sweet than this dish.
I still give it three stars because my wife enjoyed her dinner, the steak, and her dessert, the fried oreos.Awesome BYOB! Great change of pace American byo from your standard Italian. Got the cheese plate and NY Strip. Was one of the better steaks I've had in a while. Will def be going back!I loved the food, and our server was great. Fried calamari was delicious and seared tuna was cooked to perfection. Unfortunately, there was a huge party that took up half the restaurant and was so incredibly loud we could barely hear one another.This review is a little overdue. My roommate, her boyfriend and I had the pleasure of returning to Entree for restaurant week! She and I had the salmon and he had the tuna. Delicious all around! It was a great night there, busy but not to the point it was off-putting. The desserts were amazing as well...my favorite was the limoncello cake--so light and fluffy mmmmmmm. This restaurant is a must and we can't wait to return, its also a great place to see in Philly if you're visiting from somewhere else.Absolutely loved this place! We came here for restaurant week with a group of 8 ppl. It's a very small place, but the food was amazing and staff very accommodating. The portions were rather small, but the food was well worth the price! Would definitely recommend to anyone and will be returning in the near future!Was not really that impressed with the food. Went here for restaurant week and got the veal. It was dry and tasted like chicken. I didn't think it was worth the price.The food here is awesome!  I know, I was shocked too.  Honestly, I wasn't expecting much from this tiny restaurant with the not so clever name.
To start, my friend and I shared the fried calamari with peppadew peppers and a balsamic vinaigrette. The calamari was so flavorful and crunchy and the peppers were a great compliment.  I also go the seared tuna which was perfectly cooked on a bed of creamy corn and spinach with a blackberry cider glaze.  
The only downfall- the menu is on a chalkboard and the lighting of the restaurant wasn't very good so I had trouble reading the board.  Perhaps they need a spotlight right on the board.  
The chef was super nice and came out to ask us how we were doing and the service was lovely.  I will definitely be back with all my friends!We really loved this place.  Food was incredible, service was wonderful.  Really glad we were able to come here!  It is a small restaurant so you might feel a little tight, but the food is so worth it.We came here on a Saturday night to celebrate a birthday. The reviews here weren't kidding. This place is tiny!
Unfortunately, we sat right next to the basement door and servers kept walking in and out of there half the time we were there. Every time the door opened it let in a huge draft of cold air! That was annoying. Granted we did get there at 5 PM on the dot when it just opened but prep should have been door beforehand. 
Anyway, our server was very nice and attentive. She was fantastic! For the limited amount of space that they had, the ambiance was nice.
There is a price set menu for $40 or $50 or a la carte. We decided to go with the $50 because I wanted to try the octopus pasta. I quite enjoyed it with the ink pasta. For app, I ordered the salad which was refreshing. For dessert I wanted the creme Brule but they were out! We got there when it opened!!! So I took off a star for that. I can understand towards the end of the night but at the beginning....yeah so anyway I ordered the arrogotta instead and it did not disappoint. Espresso with ice cream. Yum. I would come here again to try something else!The seafood here is absolutely exquisite! The members of our party all chose the prix fixe options ($40 or $50), which were very reasonably priced. The price of the prix fixe basically covers the a la carte price of the starter and the entree, leaving you with a (very tasty) free dessert. We started with the calamari, the kung pao style shrimp and scallops, and a couple salads. The seafood was cooked to perfection, and the seasoning was done really well. Our entrees were wonderful as well, but the big winner was a new item on their menu (or special?): scallops and clams over squid ink pasta. It was as good as it gets! For dessert, we all shared the fried oreos, limoncello cake, affogato, creme brûlée, and ice cream. Everything was really done well, but the white chocolate in the creme brûlée really made that dish stand out. The restaurant ambience is cozy and not pretentious, and our waitress was helpful, genuinely nice, and very cheery. Really great food, really great experience!just WOW. this restaurant is phenomenal. from their food to their wait staff everything was just perfect. came here last weekend for my bachlorette party dinner - all of us girls ordered the prefix menu. the choices all sounded delicious, it was hard to pick just one from each category. the portions are full size, so they do not skimp out on you. we ended up all sharing the apps and desserts so we had a nice variety to choose from. the nutella cannoli was bomb dot com. side note: the restaurant is BYOB which is not a bad thing at all. we had bottles upon bottles- we just had to order our mixers. all of my plates by the way had cute phrases on them ! they were hand written - soo cute.I have been here twice in the past 4 months.  Once with a group of 10 and also with a group of 4.  The service both times was great and everyone was really pleased with their food. 
- Duck Confit appetizer - could have been a little crisper and had a little less sauce
- Porcini Ravioli in Marsala wine sauce- incredible!! 
- Duck Breast Entrée - very good!! One star removed because they did overcook one entrée, but were more than happy to make another one.  It was just a shame because we had to eat without our pal having any food in front of her.  
We also  had fried oreo appetizers for dessert which were so decadent.  Couldn't have been happier with those. 
Both times I have been here they've had great menu options and there is something for everyone.  Also have been totally accommodating when making last minute reservations.The food and the fried Oreo dessert was amazing.  Delicious seared tuna and calamari and wedge salad.  The only thing I would say they need to take care of ASAP is the noise level.  Everyone (young and old) in the restaurant was yelling so they could be heard and I could barely hear the server.  I had a headache after I left. Would definitely go back for the food at a time when it wasn't packed or if I could sit outside.I took my family out over the weekend for Mother's Day dinner and everyone really enjoyed Entree BYOB. We didn't make it too easy on them, I had changed the number of people on the reservation the day before and our party ended up showing up late anyway. The staff was very nice and friendly, and we received no ill will from them, which was just great. The food was also very good, I got the Calamari and the Rib Eye. Neither of the dishes I ordered were the best I've ever tasted, but they were close. Despite the generous portion sizes, everyone at our table cleaned their plates. The place was packed when we were there, and there was a party of 20 in a restaurant that seats 35 people total- made it a bit loud and cramped, not that bad though. Since we were a bit late to get started, we took a little longer than expected. By the time we were finishing up, we could notice people standing by the door waiting for their reservation. Despite this, our server did not rush us and try to push us out, which did not go unnoticed.Small and intimate with friendly knowledgeable and accommodating servers. They offer 2 different fix price menus-$40 or $50-both great deals. The quality of the food is high and the dishes are expertly prepared. Probably one of the best byobs in the city. 2 things are critical; make a reservation and get the monkfish.Easily, one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. 
This place is small, and as the name states, is BYOB which makes it even better. The service is great and the food was amazing... .Even if you're not a desert person, please try to fried oreos !Yummy yummy yummy. Came here for Restaurant Week and was extremely satisfied with their menu. I started with their roasted beet salad. Then I had their seared tuna with zucchini-potato hashcake (so crunchy; paired well with the smoother, or delicate texture from the fish). Finally, I ended with their flourless chocolate cake, which came with a nice raspberry compote. Funnily enough, when I asked my waitress how they were able to come up with such a dense fudgy texture, she said she didn't know. In fact, as she admitted, Entree had actually catered the dessert from another restaurant, meaning that the chefs weren't making the dessert in-house!
Overall, Entree provided an awesome experience, although I thought that the place was a little too casual for a fancier restaurant.Came here for restaurant week with friends and the food options and service was amazing, a wide variety of options and normal sized portions. Was very impressed!! Will definitely come again outside of restaurant week :)We went to Entree BYOB for restaurant week this past Thursday. I regret that we had not checked them out prior to that point. The restaurant is a thin establishment that can probably seat up to 30 or so, the area is very well laid out and the ambience was great. Once the food started arriving, our opinion only increased. Everything we had was excellently crafted and presented. We will definitely be back again.I lived down the street from Entree and had gone there for Restaurant week once and we loved the food and were pleasantly surprised by how good the food was for such a new restaurant.  Then my sister decided to plan my Bridal Shower at this restaurant.  It was the best.  We had the whole restaurant to ourselves, all the staff was extremely accommodating, the food was delish and prix fixe with dessert, a good price, and the bride felt like a queen (I was the bride so it's not hearsay).  Can you get any better than that?Entree is definitely one of my favorite BYOs in the city. It's a pretty small space, which makes the dining experience feel intimate and special. It's a really great place for a date night or even dinner with girl friends. You can definitely dress down for more casual events, but I've also gotten dressed up for a later dinner seating. Since it's a small restaurant, it can definitely get loud, but not in a bad way (I think the BYO aspect contributes to this). The Proscuitto Wrapped Dates and Calamari are 2 of my favorite appetizers. They also have a spicy shrimp app (Dragon Shrimp, I believe?) and it's absolutely delicious! I would eat this every day. For entrees, I've had the scallops and the duck, which are both very tasty. But the best dishes I've had have been the specials. One was a squid ink seafood linguini and my favorite of all time (which they usually have on the menu) is a breaded veal chop on top of mashed potatoes and asparagus with a lobster tail on the top! And the sauce that comes with it is amazing. Lastly, I can't help but get the fried oreos every single time I come here. They are decadent, but surprisingly not as heavy as you would think. Entree is constantly in my Philly BYO rotation. Highly recommend for both locals are visitors!did not understand all the reviews. If you like a very small, very loud cafe (cannot call this a restaurant)  and with an ambiance of a kitchen, and in a not-so-good part of town, maybe worthwhileThe space is tiny. While my boyfriend and I were waiting for our table, it felt like we were creeping on the other tables because there was no space to stand anywhere. Despite the slightly cramped feeling, I really enjoyed eating here. I got the fried calamari, which was delicious and a huge portion. The duck breast was great; it was juicy and tasty. The affogato was pretty good too. The portion sizes are good, and the food is delicious. The service was good; our server was really helpful, and we ended up staying for over 3 hours. I would recommend this place for a date but not for larger groups, as there isn't much space.Wow. What an excellent addition to the neighborhood. I went for dinner on Sunday night with my husband and mom and we were all impressed. 
We started with the wedge salad and calamari. Wedge salad was excellent. I thought the candied walnuts were a nice touch. I could have used a little more prosciutto, but that's because I don't believe in too my bacon :) The calamari was delicious but I was disappointed there want a sauce for dipping. 
But, the entrees. WOW. My mom had the flounder on a bed of creamed corn and spinach. The flounder was perfectly cooked and the mix of creamed spinach and corn was out of this world. Melt in your mouth, cannot get enough good. My husband had the strip steak with a Gorgonzola butter and asparagus. The steak was decadent. I had duck, cooked to perfection with a creamy butternut squash risotto. 
All of this deliciousness for $100 along with a great bottle of wine we brought- this is what Philly is all about. Can't get much better than this. It will definitely be on my list of favorites!PROS: Solid food, decent portions
CONS: Small space
I wasn't blown away by any of the dishes, but everything was pretty good, including the fried calamari appetizer (perfectly crispy though a tad salty) and the limoncello cake --- which tasted a whole lot like limoncello (a good thing) and was quite fluffy and moist. 
One of the members of our party sent back a steak because it was well-done and under-seasoned instead of medium as he had ordered. The staff was very polite and promptly replaced his unappealing steak with the version he had expected. 
Overall, our experience was pleasant. Worthy of visiting if you are in the area.I really like this place a lot.  Little pricey, but the food makes up for that. 
I highly recommend this place!My wife & I stopped in for dinner before a show, had the Calamari app, perfectly done and loved the Squid ink aioli. Scallop entree perfectly seared, crispy outside and succulent. Duck breast very tender without a hint of the greasiness you can normally expect with duck. Bonus here, I'm a cherry fan, sun dried cherries? On my duck ? Oh yeah !!
  My wife's lactose problem often makes dessert an issue, so I got a White Chocolate creme Brule rushed out while she used the restroom, got caught, worth it.
  Server (George) was spot on with timing and handled my wife's lactose issue graciously .
   Chef Kevin (no pretentiousness here) came out to check on us, nice touch. I asked about the term "Dayboat Scallops ", he schooled me and made his passion for food quite obvious. We brought a favorite Spanish wine, shared with him. He shared an amazing home made Limoncello with us.
  Wife loved the chandelier fixture, it's now on my Honeydew list, Yeah, thanks for that, jajaja 
  Definitely will go back, again and again.Great meal from beginning to end.  My fiance and I ordered 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts. All of it was great. This is likely the best restaurant in the G Ho area. I'll be back! The staff was very friendly as well.This place was absolutely amazing. The food was so delicious I would go back in heartbeat. 
We ordered the roast duck - cooked perfectly, and veal topped w lobster! Large plates that are very tasty. Could not put my fork down. 
Wait staff was so kind and helpful in choosing with us what to pick. We got to dine outside which was what we preferred however it did seem a little bit too loud inside when we peaked in so just be ware.. otherwise would absolutely recommend and go again myself.We just had our anniversary dinner there and loved it.  Each person who talked to us wished us a happy anniversary.   Even the owner/chef came out to wish us well.  The service was top notch. The food was out of this world good. I had the seafood fra diavlo, and the misses of 34 years had the lobster tail and veal cutlet.  With appetizers, we had to box some of the entrees to take home.  So much food.  We will defiantly be back. We love this place.Great contemporary american food at a great price! The place is tiny, but we managed to reserve a table for about 14 of us. Service was great and we had a wonderful time.