My go to menu is coconut soup and pad thai with protein. I tried same menu here. 
Actually really like their coconut soup. They used enough amount of coconut milk that soup was really creamy and wasn't over powering with herb. I am so used to Americanized thai cuisine that I prefer less herb on my dish except cilantro.
Pat thai was great too. Liked the amount of peanut they used, noodle was chewy and perfect and not too sweet. They gave me generous amount of chicken and white meat wasn't dry so I was very happy with my meal.Good service, excellent food and presentation.  Great price for portion sizes.  I'll definitely come back if I'm ever in Philadelphia again.This is probably my newest favorite Thai place to eat in the downtown area. I'd swing by for lunch sometimes for their lunch specials. It's such a great deal. For around 8-9 dollars, you get a salad (I recommend the Erawan salad, which is essentially a salad with their peanut dressing), an appetizer/soup (the chicken coconut soup is my favorite), and an entree. The owner and chef are from the southern part of Thailand and they're more known for their curries in the south, so sticking with their curry entrees would be a safe bet. I've had only the chicken massaman curry and it is great! I'll have to try out their other curries on my next visits. But yeah, all of that for 8 bucks + tax/tip... how can you beat that?!this is my favorite thai in the city. if there is better i don't know about it. i love this place because i have asked on several occasions if there is fish sauce or whatever in the curry and i always get a very clear answer as though my question was understood. the answer is always "oh no we don't use fish sauce, we use vinegar [or maybe salt, i forget now], and it's totally vegan if you get it with tofu." that's what i like to hear. no bewildered stare. no awkward pause and "let me go ask the chef" as though the question has never been posed before.
plus it's fucking good. the red curry with tofu and the basil with mock duck are my favorites.This is my favorite thai restaurant. I've been here countless times to take advantage of their more-than-reasonable lunch specials. Service is attentive and the food is delicious. 
Their level of spiciness errs on the side of caution, which is a smart business practice. Everything is mild by default, except the green curry, which is moderate by default. If you want it hotter, just request that when ordering.I needed to use my groupon deal before it expired so we came here on a Friday night.  I guess a lot of people bought the deal bc there were tons of signs by the entrance advising to tell your hostess if you're using the deal & that you would have to pay in cash (are they allowed to do that?)
Regardless, they were super friendly and welcoming.  The set up itself is strange & def needs an upgrade.  The decor seems like it should be on one of those restaurant makeover shows.  There's tons of space but the layout is awkward & I felt like I was walking into someone's poorly decorated living room.
We started off with the chicken satay & crunchy shrimp rolls -- not so great.  The shrimp roll was 1 shrimp on a skewer with egg roll wrapping around it & deep fried.  The hot oil oozed out after my first bite.  I had the drunken noodles were just a hot mess & the bf ordered the Royal Rama chicken - which was just chicken & tons of sauce.
extremely nice service & good thai iced tea but mediocre food =(I was having a lazy Sunday afternoon, so I decided to order delivery from this place after reading through all the raving reviews. I was going to order from where I always do, but they were closed so I decided to try out Erawan. I should have just chosen somewhere else, because I was pretty disappointed.
I ordered a pad thai (2 spice) and a tom yum soup with chicken (3 spice). I placed my order at 4pm, but it came at 6pm. Seriously, 2 hours for a quick stir fry and a soup? Not to mention that my delivery address was 3 minutes away by car.
I was extremely hungry by then so I was expecting a meal that was worth the ridiculous wait. The tom yum soup was pleasantly spicy, and had the right amount of sourness to it. The chicken, however, was stone-hard when I rescued it from the bottom of the soup container. It was WAY overdone, and had no flavor whatsoever. Next time the cook should season the meat before he/she dumps it into the soup.
I was much more disappointed by the pad thai. The noodles were just overcooked and soggy. It felt like I was eating senior food because it was so soft. The sauce was also terribly bland, and I had to grab some soy sauce and chili sauce from my cupboard to give it some flavor. Also, there was absolutely no spice whatsoever, despite my specifying for a 2-level spice. I don't know why people have been raving about their pad thai. And I know what real pad thai is like - I lived in Thailand for two years.I absolutely love thai food and have been here with friends before. Their food has been decent as far as I can remember. However, recently, my boyfriend and I went in with a groupon and they were absolutely horrendous. We ordered the duck avocado special and ordered a side of rice because it didn't come with rice. When we received our dish, the avocado was not ripe and tasted like cardboard. They took the dish back and said all their avocados were like that. So we ordered another dish that came with rice. Not only did they NOT apologize, but they refused to comp us for the side of rice we only ordered because of the duck avocado dish that we couldn't even eat. 
We'll never eat at this location again. The point of a groupon is to bring in service so we can go back again...they absolutely failed at that.This place has the best drunken noodles and tom yum. I always ask for everything every spicy and they make it spicy and also give me their homemade hot sauce to add to it. 
Their lunch specials have to be the best in the city you get salad, appetizer and main for 8-10 dollars. It is a really good deal especially because it is really tasty.I confess. I'm very tough on Thai restaurants in Philly. I'm very glad to see Erawan here in Chinatown. We need the diversity here. The decor and design of the space is definitely a departure from the usual fare in Chinatown. Very clean and spacious. Very orange.
Now for the food. I always judge a Thai restaurant by the quality and cost of their Pad Thai, a standard Thai dish. There are some places in the city where this dish may cost $14-15. That's absurd to me. It better be exceptional at that price. And the verdict is that they're not worth the price. 
As for Erawan's Pad Thai, it's just alright and the price of the dish was a little high. I had the vegetarian option. It lacked flavor and texture for me but it's not bad. However, I'm willing to give Erawan another try. 
The other dishes are pretty good. 
FYI. There's no beer. 
But overall, I'm glad they're here but I'll continue my allusive quest for the best Thai restaurant in Philly.I just had the best Panang curry that I've ever put in my mouth. The Tom Yum soup was excellent. I tasted my friend's green curry with chicken, which was also amazing.Great food, decent price, friendly staff. I will definitely be back here. Get the avocado coconut shrimp salad! And Thai fried rice is awesome!This restaurant has the best Thai food in Philly, and the prices are affordable. The owners are very invested in their restaurant and make sure you are happy with the food. Great service and atmosphere! This restaurant is very clean and 100x better than the Erawan on 23rd street.Amazing place!!! Went a couple of times for lunch, it's fast (except once during lunch hour where you I couldn't find a seat!!) Food was great and fairly inexpensive :0 Great vegetarian choices!! Will def become a regular at this place!God awful food.  We went there Sunday night on the holiday weekend and 1) it seems like the whole place was being run by high school girls, 2) the chicken satay was rubbery, coming with a peanut sauce that was the consistency of water, 3) the spring rolls came with less than a shot glass of sauce, and 4) when our main dishes came out, they were so tough that I stopped and asked our tween waitress (who sounded Chinese, not Thai) if they left cooked chicken out and reheated it vs. Cooking it fresh.  She denied it, but the chicken in all three dishes was the same terrible consistency.  I then asked for a check and she tried to charge us for the whole meal -15% discount.   I told her that we weren't paying for a meal we didn't eat and paid for the apps that we shouldn't have eaten as they were dreck. They were cheap and had no class.  Stay away from this dump!LOVE this place! Great food, very reasonable prices, very friendly staff, great service.
Note that I tried the delivery service and they were great.
One of my favorite places!!Sometimes you are just having one of those weeks and realize one thing will make it all better: Drunken Noodles. 
Stopped in here with my boyfriend last night and ordered the green curry with chicken and drunken noodles with chicken for take-out. Green curry was definitely the best I ever tried and drunken noodles hit the spot--thank god, because disappointing drunken noodies are one of the biggest let downs in life. 
I'd give it 4 stars for the food and and an extra one for how sweet the woman who helped us was. Offered us water, a seat, and was beyond pleasant!First I must tell you, I was excited about visiting this restaurant. I had bought a voucher from Groupon for $50 worth of food for 4 or more people. 
However I was told since it was only 3 of us that we could not use the voucher. 
This did not make any sense because they could have prorated the coupon for 3 people at $12.50 each.
 However I believe the restaurant's motivation for allowing us to leave without the using voucher, is that they want each party to spend more money. Therefore if we used the voucher we would not go over the $50 limit.
They will also only allow certain menu items to be consumed with the voucher. Maybe Groupon shouldn't allow Erawan to advertise.
They displayed poor customer service and has not won me over!
They would not engage me in the conversation and could care less that they lost customers.
I left there and went to Banana Leaf at 1009 Arch Street. The food at Banana Leaf was excellent and the service was superb. I will continue to frequent Penang at 117 N 10th Street and Banana Leaf than spend my money at a restaurant that has no respect for their customers and has poor customer service.MMmmmm, pad thai.
My boyfriend and I stopped in here and ordered take-out on our way home one night last week.  I got tofu pad thai and loooooved it.  Boyfriend loved his too, but I don't remember what he got - I was too busy shoving pad thai down my face to notice.
We were in and out in under 10 minutes, which was excellent.  The serving sizes were generous (I got 2 meals out of mine) and the server who took our order was very friendly.
Can't complain!  We'll be back :-)I've been here several times and always thought it was alright. Last time I ordered the Pad Thai with crabmeat. The middle was dry as the Sahara and it took me a cup of water to finish it.I've never been to the Center City location, but had heard good things, so I bought a groupon for the new Chinatown location.  I'll definitely be back!
The Chinatown location is really big, so I imagine there would rarely be a long wait.  Everyone working there is extremely nice and enthusiastic.  The prices are definitely higher than your usual Thai place, but the portions are also about 50% bigger than usual.  I think splitting an appetizer and one entrée between two people would be plenty of food, and would help with the higher prices.  
We started with the fresh spring rolls, which were generously portioned.  They were also expertly wrapped - usually after one bite things start to fall apart, but these spring rolls really held up!  For entrees, we had mango fried rice and pad woon sen (stir fried bean noodles with veggies).  Both were solid, and I especially enjoyed the mango fried rice.  Great flavor and the perfect amount of moisture.  
The cleanliness and great service definitely make Erawan stand out in Chinatown!Love this place - great environment, very sweet & friendly staff, amazing food, and very affordable. My husband and I moved to the area about a year ago and have been frequenting this place since we got here. It's our number one go-to anytime we want a night out or don't have time to make dinner ourselves. We use their punch card and get yummy perks every once in a while, too.Outstanding Panang Curry Chicken with an attractive variety of vegetables including broccoli. Incredibly delicious Mango and Sticky Rice. Beautiful interiors and great service. Menu is rich with opportunities for future visits.Their drunken noodles are incredible. The menu is humble yet filed with exceptional Thai classics. The servers have always been very nice and welcoming. Erawan appeals to dinning alone, couples, and large groups. I've never left unhappy! I strongly recommend this establishment. Plus, you can't beat a nice BYO place...amIright? Solid spot, keep up the great work Erawan!!!!!!This place has the best Pad Thai in Chinatown! The pad thai here is very soft and full of flavor. This is the only Thai restaurant in Chinatown. The papaya salad here is quite unique. It's sweet and spicy. The dishes here cost a bit more than other places in Chinatown. Most dishes are at least 10 dollars. The service here is great! The waiters are very friendly and helpful. The decor of the restaurant is very serene and calm. This place also has nice appetizers and soups. Very good place to eat!I am surprised I have not reviewed Erawan yet! I have dined in twice and done take out once. Dining in was always a pleasant experience with very attentive waiters who did not rush us. The food has been consistently very good. Last night I ordered green curry which was absolutely delicious. There were plenty of veggies and chicken. The eggplant literally tasted like butter. I love spice and I felt like there was the perfect balance of spicy, sweet and sour. I also had the chicken satay with peanut sauce (my guilty pleasure). It did not disappoint. For the money, Erawan is really excellent thai food!!since I just finished bemoaning the downhill slide of another Thai place, I feel it's only fair to give Erawan the credit it deserves. To me, this is the best Thai food in Center City and I've made a point to sample all six or seven options. the lunch special is beautifully presented, filling, a great value and best of all, it's really tasty. it can get a little crowded during the lunch rush some days - I've found Fridays are a little lighter or just going closer to 1 p.m.I have been to this place for three times, I am a big fan of the Thai Iced Tea, this is not like any other Thai tea that made from powder in Bubble milk tea places, I believe they brew it themselves.
As for food, I love their Pad Thai and Tom Yum Rice Noodle Soup (the more spicy, the more tasty, so I order then awakening level for spicy). I have also tried other dishes, included the Exotic Pork and Thai BBQ Chicken. On the menu, it says TENDER, but it came out dry... Although the sauces taste delicious, but still it is kinda disappointing.
As for dessert, Mango Sticky Rice is a must to try!!! Fresh mango with warm sesame topped sticky rice, and also coconut milk on top. Yum yum~~Tasty traditional Thai dishes in the middle of Chinatown. I've had the veggie pad thai and the veggie red curry. Both were very good! Prices are decent as well. I can't wait to try more things next time.My bf and I had a groupon for $25 worth of thai food at Erawan, and I was really excited to try it. 
It's in chinatown right around the corner from greyhound, and if you blink you may miss it.  They share a building with an insurance company, so my bf almost walked right past.
The food was delicious. I had mung bean noodles with shrimp in a stone pot. My bf had mango duck.  GET BOTH AND SHARE!!!! PS it's BYOB and they will provide ice buckets and uncorking gratis :)
Now for the reasoning behind my 3 stars.....
The couple next to us was getting ready to pay their bill, and all of a sudden the waitress told them that they could not use it because they ordered from the "chef's specials".  When we walked into the restaurant, there was a sign up saying "Groupon: please let your server know before ordering". If ppl are expected to show they're groupon to you beforehand...you need to tell them what is not included BEFORE they order! They brought this to the head waitresses attention, and she let it go.....but not before she had a mini-argument with them.  Apparently it was in the fine print.....but the "chef's specials" were not labeled. How the heck would they know what the insert was supposed to be with no labels???
I told her my mobile app for groupon does not show the fine print, so they should let ppl know and she proceeded to argue with me. 
I hate when ppl have smart mouths in any capacity that involves me paying....I'm paying for this food.....respect please?
Bottom Line: Food delicious, one "rude-ish" waitress. Yummy food....but a bit pricier than I expected (sans groupon). PS the coconut soup with seafood. OMG. I might go again for that alone and just get take out lolReally liked their food - very tasty, and the servers were able to change our orders a bit due to some dietary restrictions that we have. Great place, and we'll definitely be back! :-)Pretty decent food. I got the lunch special with the pork dumplings and the red curry and both dishes were okay. I am going to try it for dinner to see if it is better. Service was great.I had to update my review for Erawan because I just wrote a review for Tamarind and I don't want to contradict myself. Erawan (THIS Erawan, not the other one) is a real treat. I always get the red curry with seitan and/or tofu. And when I come here, I am always blown away. I leave here wanting more. It's so good I have considered ordering two of the same dish. To me, they have the best recipe and method.
Even though I love Erawan slightly more, I go to Tamarind more often. This is honestly mostly due to proximity from my apartment. When I am jonesing for red curry, which is several times a week, it's just easier to get to Tamarind. And if Erawan is a 10, Tamarind is not much lower.
Here are the key differences between my two favorite red curry joints as I see it:
- Tamarind is slightly spicier by default (not a problem, as I can tell Erawan a little hotter than normal, although I really like Erawan's default.)
- Erawan is slightly more flavorful than Tamarind. They really nail it.
- The rice at Erawan is better. It's sticky Jasmine rice cooked perfectly. Not sure what Tamarind uses.
- Tamarind's portion is slightly bigger. I've left Erawan wanting more, which I think adds to my sense of preference. I'd rather leave lusting after my next experience than totally full, so it's not a big deal.
- I don't need to make any vegetable substitutions at Tamarind (At Erawan I have to say hold the eggplant and add broccoli. This is the default at Tamarind.)
- Tamarind has more vegan appetizer selections, and overall those selections are better, but I don't feel the need for an appetizer at Tamarind. At Erawan I really feel like I need something else. But like a good lover, you want more.
- Tamarind is 4 blocks closer to my apartment.
So overall, I end up at Tamarind a bit more frequently. But if I could have the recipe for what either one of these restaurants serve me, I'd choose Erawan's.This is one of those oft sought out moderately priced, but supremely delicious joints. The atmosphere is nothing special, but the service was attentive and polite. There was a misunderstanding about the serving of our orders. My friends had ordered appetizers as their main course, but the servers brought out their food as a first course and waited to serve everyone else until we asked about the rest of the food. It was an understandable mistake and the servers had been keeping their eyes on the table, waiting for us to finish the "appetizers." I'd definitely recommend the place and would return.Why is it that when there are more than one location for a restaurant that they can't both be good? Maybe once upon a time, Erawan was good but as of late, it is dark, dead and cold. The service isn't terrible but the food could use a pick me up. Depend on what you order, some items are better than others. My first time here, I ordered Pai Thai. I don't know why I keep ordering Pad Thai at Thai places and hope they would be amazing. Of course, the Pad Thai ended up a disappointment as the noodles tastes like straight up peanut butter sauce and not the light lime, fish sauce that Thai cuisine is known for. (For the best Pad Thai go to Circles Contemporary Asian 1516 Tasker St or Jane G). Anyhow, on my latest visit this year, the seafood salad I ordered was terrible. It wasn't cold or warm but somewhere in between making you feel bleh. Also didn't taste fresh and the sauce was lacking. Overall, the location has potential. However, with new places popping up daily, you have to really consider if it is worth it.I went here on a saturday night at around 7:30, the place wasn't that crowded. We waited about 40 minutes and the food still wasn't here. We complained to the waiter and finally recieved our food 15 long minutes later. The food was subpar at best. With the service slow, I WOULD NOT recommend this place.I got delivery from this place when I was in Philly a few weeks ago. I wasn't expecting much, but what I got was shockingly good. I still think about the soup with the coconut milk. So creamy and mild. I don't know if I can find that soup back home. :(I am always seeking out places that work for a large group to BYO on a weekend. Banana Leaf is my go-to, but sometimes you need to spice it up. I am happy that Erawan's new location can be added to that list. The space is very cute and the staff is attentive and put up with us staying after closing. And they deserve credit for totally tricking us and saying it was too late to order dessert and then bringing out coconut ice cream with a candle for the bday boy.
The flavor in my spicy been salad was great though some of the pieces were too chewy. Entrees are very big. I liked the drunken noodles and their curry was even better. They also make a good Thai Iced Tea. Take your group here!Mango chicken was delicious.
Veggie tempura was on point.
Thai fried rice was poppin'The Thai tea was amazing, I think that's the only compliment that I will be able to give. was craving Thai but the food was bland. I asked for extra spicy and was very disappointed. don't think i will be ordering from here againThis place never disappoints, always serving up standard Thai food in a quiet atmosphere with spot-on service. I only give it three stars because it doesn't exactly make your toes curl with excitement. It's a great curry fix when you're in the mood because Chinatown doesn't have a lot to offer in the way of authentic Thai food. Also, they do provide more spice if you ask for it, which is nice. 
Lunch prices are great for the amount of food you get (App, Salad/Soup, Entree). The restaurant is good for large groups- especially if there are folks in the group who are less-adventurous but want to try Thai cuisine.Here from Florida, stopped in China Town for some Thai food. Healthy portions and the cabbage salad was tasty. The service was good despite minor language barriers and the restaurant was clean. 
The prices were reasonableI was craving thai food (especially mango sticky rice), but was pretty disappointed with this place.  We came here during lunch and it was a $9-11 set lunch price (depending on which type of meat/seafood you got).  We ordered a pork pad thai and a pork drunken noodles with shui mai and lemon grass soup.  Everything was a tinge too sour!!  It made me have a little bit of heart burn.  When the entrees came out, they were descent sized portions for lunch, but the food was pretty bland.
When it finally was dessert time, I was only looking forward to the mango sticky rice.  However, the waiter came back later after taking our order, and said that they were out.  I probably won't be back here, even if it was for a BYO because other places like Banana Leaf definitely has better tasting food.I ordered steamed veggie dumplings and pad-see-ew to go.  Dumplings were great.  Not too doughy.  I'm not quite sure what the filling was, but it was not just a bunch of cabbage, which can often be the case with veggie dumplings, so I was happy.  My pad-see-we noodles were really wide and thin, which I like.  The sauce was not too sweet.  It was a nice deep brown, not goopey or thick.  
I really think Philly is lacking in good Thai food so I was happy to find this place and will certainly go back when I need a good quick Thai food fix.My boyfriend and I went here for an early Valentine's Day dinner.  We made reservations but it turns out we didn't need them.  There was practically no one there when we arrived, except for another couple.  More on them later.  The food was excellent - some of the best Thai food we've had (not that we're connoisseurs or anything, we just like yummy Thai food.)  I got the duck fresh rolls and pork drunken noodles, and my boyfriend got fried calamari and pad see ew.  We enjoyed it all.  He even tried the duck (not too adventurous is he.)   
My biggest beef was the set up of the room.  We were seated so close to the only other couple in the restaurant that we felt like we were on their awkward second date with them.   They were definitely talking alot, and talking loudly.  I tried giving them the side eye, but to not avail.  Next time we'll just ask for a different table.  And there will be a next time, unless we can find a way to have them deliver to Manayunk.Great food.  Great service.  Fire Ice Cream is BOMB!  The Golden Bags are awesome as well.  Deep Fried Bags get all crispy to perfection.  But watch out how hot you ask for things.  Had the Wild Boar and asked for "pretty hot" and it was very very hot.  Not unmanageable, but definitely hotter than expected.  Still tasted great, just wicked hot!  Seafood extravaganza is delicious.  We made reservations but absolutely didn't need to.  They were very attentive to us.The environment is great. The food are well-decorated. I hope they have bigger portion but I have my fill with Thai Tea. Overall, the place is great. I am just disappointed with a mosquito stuck on the plate. It is mildly disgusting.One of the best kept secrets of Chinatown? I found this restaurant to be highly satisfactory on all levels for lunch. First, they do a lunch special menu, about $11 which includes small lettuce salad, starter (I got the 2 veggie spring rolls), and entree (Panang curry with tofu). I liked the curry, which had several very fresh vegetables in it, not at all over cooked. The curry itself was spicy, but not too much, and had a nice lightness to it. Not at all heavy. Note: they also serve brown rice ($1 extra), so I was pleased they don't serve only white rice. The staff was incredibly nice, and the food arrived at our table promptly. I'll be back.Service was OK. The drunken noodles was OK, but not at all spicy.Erawan has consistently great food and friendly stuff. I think there're price are good too.Oh god I'm getting hungry again can't wait to go back.I came in late at night so there was no wait. I went with the Duck and Pineapple curry. This came out pretty quickly and was delicious. There was a bit of a spicy burn that warmed me right up, but not too much that I couldn't handle it. The duck meat was a little on the dry side, but still pretty tender with no bones in it. The curry was flavored perfectly and I wish I had more rice to soak it in and then more curry to soak that additional rice in. It was sweet and spicy and delicious.Boy am i glad they opened in Chinatown.  I work a few blocks away and they are awesome.  Their Drunken Noodles (order it spicy) are out of this world.  I also had a spicy soup and that was really good too.  
I usually order Pad Thai, but I have been hooked on their Drunken Noodles w/ chicken for the past two months.
BTW...if you do not like spicy food, do not order it spicy; it is extremely spicy!!!!I grubhub the *ish* out of this place!  About once a week the delivery guy brings me happiness in the form of various dishes.  He is always polite and gives me a little bow upon reaching the top of my stairs. I've also dined in-house a few times and am consistently very pleased. Erawan has my favorite chicken satay in the city, and their coconut soup is another solid starter. I've had numerous dishes, but my favorites are Yellow Curry, Rama Noodle, Pottery Shrimp and Pad Woon Sen. The portions are monstrous and reheat well. Big hearts for Erawan!I like this place and would go back. I am a bit frustrated with their minimum credit card charge requirement. Fortunately, they have an ATM inside the restaurant and they don't charge a large fee. There are several great options. I would go back.Delicious lunch! I had the coconut soup (veggie) and veggie drunken noodles. I wish I could have finished it all, but I was stuffed! Great service, friendly staff.Being fans of Thai food, my lovely date and myself decided to check out a local Thai place, and chose Erawan, as it received better than decent ratings on Yelp, and our choices were limited as Philadelphia is not known yet as the Thai Capital of America. Nonetheless, we both were excited to enjoy some Thai food in a Thai restaurant.
I made reservations via phone on Friday, and spoke to a very polite person on the phone who was able to take me reservation with no isse, and was delighted to hear they were a BYOB (I have a bit of a wine cellar with a selection of somewhat unique wines) and did not charge an outrageous corking fee. 
The place itself was well put together; very clean, simply decorated without being boring, and quite spacious (long, but narrow). The service was quick and friendly as well. They made sure that there was always a full glass and no empty plates in front of you for very long at all, without making one feel rushed, a rarity indeed. 
The food was, I regret to say, a tad bland. We started with a chicken Satay that gave me high hopes - flavorful, moist poultry with a peanut sauce that wasn't overpowering. Following this for our main courses we ordered Drunken Noodles with a Massaman Curry, to share amongst ourselves. Both seemed, at least in my opinion, a bit lackluster. The noodles were overdone, and there was just a lack of punch that makes me enjoy that dish so very much. The curry was also bland; there was no discernable flavor that really jumped out for me. The portions were quite large, however. 
For dessert we had a mango sticky rice which was overly sweet (for me) but was still well done and beautifully presented with a fresh mango (yum!) flower atop the rice.
I give this place 3 stars because of that blandness. I would really hope to come back here sometime soon and bump up the rating, because the rest of the dining experience was quite fantastic.The food is amazing. However, I recently arranged for take away, called in my order, told them I had one of their coupons from their website. They told me to bring it in and when I tried to redeem it, they said that they did not take them at that location. When I said that they told me to bring it, that it was from their website, they said that the coupon was for their other location. I explained that it was not indicated on the website or coupon. They went on to say that they were not really the same restaurant and that they'll be changing their name soon.  Then they said, "It's confusing our customers". I said that it's especially confusing when it's your restaurant's name, number and location on the website with the coupon. Despite how good their food is, I doubt I'll return. I'll pay the delivery fee for another very good Thai place.I love the fresh and generously sized Papaya Salad.  The Green Curry with Beef has a good flavor and assortment of vegetables, but is not very big.  I like the Pad Thai with Chicken as well, although the chicken can be a little dry.
My only complaint is that the free delivery within a limited area seems extremely limited as I live fairly close and yet have been charged the delivery fee a couple times.  Double-check your bill before paying!This is our favorite Thai place in Philly, and that's saying a lot because my husband is a huge green curry snob. :) Erawan is the only restaurant I've ever heard him say does green curry just like Thailand. Great service, large space. We've tried the pad thai, drunken noodle, green curry and red curry -- all very good. The thai ice tea and mango sticky rice dessert are also very good. We'll be back!Just as good as their original location down the street.
Their penang curry is a bit runny. It should have a thicker consistency when cooled down, like a smooth bisque or tomato soup. But the flavor is delicious!Pretty decent Thai food in Philly. We ordered the egg rolls, pineapple fried rice, pad prik khing and coconut rice pudding.After being spoiled by excellent Thai food in NY and NJ, I read the reviews to this place and thought I hit a jackpot. Unfortunately I didnt fall into pad thai heaven after my meal.
I do think it has cute ambiance, service was friendly, my water glass was never empty and the bathroom was very clean. Sadly I dont go to a place to just sit there and use their toliet, I go to EAT!
The food was just ok. We ordered the fresh spring rolls with shrimp as an appetizer and they were more carrots and wrap and one tiny shrimp. Anything that I have to bathe in sauce to eat, I dont think is worth it. 
I ordered the Kings Pad Thai with chicken and it was very good, a nice large portion and thank goodness bc my bf ordered the mango chicken and he hated it. There was nothing particularly special about the pad Thai besides the portion size. 
The mango chicken was just tons of over cooked veggies, barely any mango taste, and it wasnt even ripe mango, it was green mango which made the plate a bit bitter.
I think the prices are a bit high for a Thai place, I guess they figured since its BYOB, they can inflate the price of chicken a little.....I was pretty underwhelmed with this place unfortunately. I heard good things and brought my family here and we all agreed it was not great thai food. 
I had pad see ew which was tasty but not the best I've had. My mom's massaman curry was pretty delicious as always but the big offense...the pad thai was terrible. You cant mess up pad thai at a thai place, I'm sorry. It usually has that odd stench to it, but this one was just pretty gross to get a whiff of. There was hardly any peanut, egg, or bean sprouts either. A hint of them but it was really just noodles and chicken. 
We got an app sampler that had some tasty treats and the environment is pretty clean, but I would definitely choose another thai place over this one.LOVE it.  Reasonable prices, very friendly service, clean, beautiful atmosphere and the food is great!  I get cravings for Thai food and Erawan has become my "go to place".  I usually go by myself but I always think that Erawan would be a great place for larger group dining (I've seen bigger parties there and it seems like they're taken care of very well).  The menu is big and definitely has something for everyone....vegetarians, meat lovers...whatever. 
I was also intrigued by the fact that they include a little survey to complete when presenting the bill.  I get the sense that this isn't just lip service, but that they actually care about your satisfaction with your experience.  I took the time to complete the survey, and upon returning with my change, the server very nicely thanked me for doing so and for the nice comments.
I'm hooked!  ...and BYOB!I'd give Erawan a strong like. The food is really great, definitely among the best Thai I've had in Philly. The golden spring rolls are awesome, I am not a huge fan of the fresh veggie spring rolls. I really like their Pad Thai and the Pad See Ew. Delish!
Their ability to handle a crowd, on the other hand, is questionable. The last time I came in, it was with a group, we had a reservation, it was empty when we got there. The staff was, initially, awesome. But, as the restaurant filled up, the service tanked. We spent nearly three hours there. And by the end, it was really hot, they stopped filling our water, and everyone needed to get out. 
Definitely order take out or delivery, but be cautious about heading over with a big group.We used our groupon over the weekend and tried a bunch of dishes. We would definitely go back.  It is a large restaurant that can accommodate big parties.  Service was attentive and food came out at the right times.  
Apps - we had the duck rolls and coconut soup. The duck roll was wrapped in lettuce and then rice paper, it was not fried, and served with a dipping sauce. It was good.  The coconut soup was good, what you would expect - sweet, coconut milk, mushrooms.
For entrees we got the drunken noodles with veggie and tofu and the Holy Basil with beef.  Both were very good. The drunken noodles had a medium spice. We had mango ice cream for dessert = yum!  
They are on opentable - yay.  And they accept credit cards, except when you use groupon. And they are byo!Got some delivery it was pretty good and only took about 35 minutes which was 10 minutes faster than they said. I will order here again. Had the Shrimp pad Thai , crispy shrimp rolls, chicken skewers, and panang curry beef with white rice all were good.Good food, very fresh, spicy if you want it to be.  Fresh spring rolls, Panang Curry, Pad Ginger are among our favorites.  Atmosphere is a bit sterile but the service is good and the people are very friendly.  BYOB, plus delivery and take-out.We were told 45 mins for delivery of pad Thai and curry and it took 1 hour 45 mins to arrive. We had to call the restaurant 4 times and the driver 5 times. They told us 10 mins every time we called. Incredibly frustrating experience. The manager gave a refund on the final call. Somehow the food was still warm.Service was great. Food was average, but the Thai iced tea was pretty great. Prices were reasonable.worst service, ever! went there and my dinner and table of 6 was rushed, the appetizer, soup and dinner came out all at once. the waitress was so darn rude. our orders were all messed up, if they didn't rush us so darn much maybe they could have gotten our order correct. My friend asked for her noodle dish not to be so spicy, and of course they made it extra spicy, no, not spicy, but piping hot! I came all the way from NYC to go meet with friends at this place and was not worth the trip at all, the food wasn't horrible, but it def wasn't good. I'm from Thailand, and the food was bland, not much flavor. Thai food is known around the world for it's abundant flavor and spices in which this establishment clearly lacked. Never will I ever eat at this place ever again, worst service ever.Good masaman curry...the peanut buttery savory broth that you really crave when thinking masaman. Good mix of veggies and textural bliss in the curry as well. 
Also ordered some fried tofu and it was pretty decent, but the curry certainly trumped it. 
My friend got drunken noodles and they were pretty decent, but again, the curry was the winner -- excellent umami flavor in the curry . 
It is a bit pricy but curries usually are about 10-12 since they're pretty well portioned. 
The place itself was nice -- a good date atmosphere or just a casual hang out with a friend. The service was a bit unfriendly, but they were astounding at water-filling. It was like someone was hired just to watch surveillance of customers drinking water...the moment I emptied my glass and put it down, it was filled. 
If you are a Thai fanatic, it would be worth trying Circle in S. Philly as well, though Erawan is certainly in a much better location for walking around with a date before or after eating.Great food. I always want to try this place and I finally did it thanks to groupon.  Food is great. I wish it's spicier.  I used to live in Thailand and honestly some food here taste just like food in Thailand and some are too Americanize but still good.  I have been here three times and will go back again for sure.  BYOB and very friendly service.Walking around chinatown I stumbled upon Erawan. The bf and I ordered the Wonton Soup (chicken and shrimp) and the calamari to start. The soup was delicious, but not enough for two. I've had better calamari, they serve the large calamari rings that look a lot like onion rings, they just weird me out, but drown them in the dipping sauce and they are quite alright. 
For our entree we ordered shrimp pad thai and yellow curry with chicken. We were both pretty satisfied with the portion and the quality of the food. The only minor thing I was not a fan of was the rice, it was really mushy, not like normal sticky rice, just mushy, like water had been added to it. 
The service was great, we were the only guests, so maybe we just got lucky. Will have to test that out. Prices are reasonable, all that food and paid around $40, Pretty awesome! This has been the best Thai food I've had in Philadelphia, so ERAWAN, I will be BACK.My boyfriend and I frequently patronize this restaurant... It is in Chinatown, and it is SO GOOD! My favorite is the Drunken Noodles, because I like spicy food, but my boyfriend and I agree that all of their curries are very delicious. It's also a BYO, which is a good thing to keep in mind when you want to go out to dinner but are trying to save some $$$.
This place is always empty, and I have no idea why. Do yourselves a favor and make Erawan less empty. I promise you won't be dissapointed.Excellent thai.  Pad thai and panang curry were the bomb..  Almost forgot Tom Yum also rocked.The food was just as tasty this time around, and the staff was much more welcoming.  I do like it here. I'll keep coming back :)The food was really good. What won me over was their friendly service. We visited the restaurant on a weekend evening, and were happy to have thought ahead for a change and made a reservation as it was packed! We entered with 3 kids - 2 in strollers and they didn't make a face and ask us to put the strollers away as it was a full house. They were really friendly and didn't mind the commotion the kids were creating. They also brought out the cake (we arranged for it before hand) and were happy and smiling while doing it! 
The food was good. Large portions, reasonably priced and well presented and full of flavour. Their menu looked real good, and will definitely be going back to try more!Very good food,  curry shrimp is sooooo good! Nice and clean restaurant,i will be back to try other dishes on the menu.My girlfriend and I ordered take out from Erawan on a friends recommendation. She got the red curry chicken and I had the pad tai. We ended up sharing both. Both dishes were Very good and the red curry had a nice smooth heat. The chicken pad tai was great with Perfectly thin Noodles and a decent amount of crushed peanuts to provide a nice texture.
We will definitely order from here again/have dinner here for a date night or group dinner. The Dining room looks nice.I feel the need to update this review based on an experience had here last evening.  The service was non-existent.  It took 15 minutes for water and someone to open our wine, 20 minutes to order, 20 more minutes for the soup, and then half of our group of foud were given their entrees and the other two waited 15 minutes for theirs.  Also, one of the late entrees was completely the wrong dish.  When this was brought to their attention they didn't even apologize.  It is one thing to be short staffed and acknowledge that the service is suffering and while I don't expect a fine dining experience at these establishments-- they did not apologize or even recognize that there was a problem with the timing/service.  Also-- portions were incredibly inconsistent.  One of our party got drunken noodles, which are ordered often and are always great but there was 1/3 of the usual size dish.  
I will not be back.Not the most decorated place, but great food, great hospitality...its BYOB so ensure you get your "stuff"...Thai sausage with the ginger julian is one of my favorite...decent menu...This place is amazing. I love all the food here. The place is a little small and sometimes the service gets backed up but overall worth it!I stopped by this place on a Saturday afternoon. It was fairly empty but as the evening progressed more people came. The food is akin to your average Thai food. They have many options. Everything was fresh and a nice portion size. Price was average and expected. The spice levels were spot on! I appreciate this as some places try to tone down the spices for the American palate; however this place did not. I'd come back again.3 years ago, I couldn't stop coming to Erawan.  Now, I can hardly finish my dish because it's doused in sugar.  They also don't seem to want to listen when I ask for extra spicy.  Unfortunately, even a bunch of hot chillies may not be able to mask how sugary every single dish they serve has become, from the pad thai to their curries to their duck entree.After being at the chinatown location, I was skeptical when my friend picked this spot for her bday dinner, but it turned out a lot better than their other location. I'm confused why it was such an upgrade, as it's the same restaurant as the other location, but the food here was a lot more flavorful. 
We came with a huge group of 20 something people and they were pretty nice in dealing with our rowdy group of deliquents. I know it's very difficult for a kitchen to get 20 plates out at once but this place would get more like 3.5 stars if possible because some dishes came out 45 minutes before others and they were in the same "hot noodle dish" category. They had a full house and other large parties so its understandable, but 45 mins between similar dishes is pretty rough stuff.
The atmosphere was average and service were pretty nice, and it seemed clean enough. Nothing spectacular but I'd come back. Our food was pretty delicious so I have to hand it to them on stepping up their game there. I got pad see ew which definitely rocked and all my friends had nice looking plates. I was bitter with the other location's pad thai that only had half the normal ingredients, but this location included the usual tasty works. nice job guys. give the chinatown location some pointers.
Also, thanks for being byob and opening countless bottles of wine for us, as we waved bottles at random workers in far from sober states.Food here is good, but rude service and understaffed. The couple times I have taken out from Erawan I have been left standing by the front desk for at least 10 minutes without even being acknowledged (apparently the phone calls coming in were more important than a paying customer trying to pick up his food).Erawan Thai is delicious, affordable, and probably one of my favorite lunch destinations. 
Erawan is actually the first place I've tasted Thai cuisine. I've compared it to a handful of other restaurants in the neighborhood and still prefer it. Its kind of a monthly voyage to grab lunch here during work for me. I'd gladly walk across the walnut street bridge in the freezing cold to warm up with their three course lunch special. I prefer to eat in rather than bring it back to work with me, although its the same great taste without the relaxing atmosphere.
Erawan is a good choice  for grabbing a quick Thai lunch. I recommend the drunken noodles, they're totally my favorite.I have mixed feeling about Erawan.   I like the food here very much.  I think the service has a good heart.
The problem on my last two visits (both Friday nights) is that there was only one waitress for the entire restaurant.  Our dinner took about 2 hours from start to finish.
Just hire more service and this could be a 4-5 star place.Love the drunken noodle dish! Lovely personable service and food is always consistent.Most of the dishes my family and I had were below average at higher than average prices compared to my favorite Thai restaurants, and I left mildly unsatisfied.
The meal started off great with a Crispy Calimari appetizer (really like the batter, and the texture was perfect).  The chicken salad we ordered was decent, although a bit messy to eat the juicy ground chicken was tricky to eat off a plate with fork/chopsticks).  The entrees were the disappointing part of the evening.  The Tofu Pad Thai did almost no peanutty flavor, and for some reason, the tangyness reminded me more of ketchup than lime.  It didn't have the complex flavors/textures that I've had in other Pad Thai.  The Panang Beef was the stinker of the night.  We ordered it mild (perhaps that was our mistake, but we one of our party did not like spicy foods), and the curry tasted like they had taken a regular curry and just added a bunch of water.  It was thin and bland.  The beef also seemed a bit overcooked.  The Shrimp Asparagus was ok, but a bit one-note.
Additionally, READ YOUR BILL CAREFULLY!  At first we were handed a different table's much higher bill.  Once that snafu was corrected, and we got back our credit card receipt, we noticed that the receipt said "Pre-Tip Amount: $XX.XX" even though that price already included the %20 gratuity they had already added.  Sneaky!Service - great, the waiter ran after me to remind me to take my takeout 
Food - fine, the thai iced tea was great
Atmosphere - good, the rose on the table was realGod bless Erawan.  This modestly sized Thai restaurant allowed me to have a birthday dinner there for 27 guests on a Friday night.  The food was amazing, and the service was friendly and excellent.  They worked with me beforehand to iron out the details of this event, had our huge table ready on time, and didn't rush us out at the end of the night.  It was not easy to find a BYOB place with great prices and great food that would also accommodate a party this large, but Erawan came to the rescue.  Erawan, I will love you forever!  THANK YOU!3.5 stars.
This place has a really bizarrely basic decor, but the food was good and the prices were right.
The fiery beef salad was delicious and a really large portion compared to what I've had elsewhere.  The chicken thom yum noodle soup was also very good.   My friend had the beef pad see ew, which I thought was also really good.
This is by far not the best Thai place I have been to, but definitely solid so far.Pretty OK food relative to other thai places. Prices are above market though and service is soso... overall pretty average.I had so much fun at this place! Went for a friend's birthday party and they were very patient with us considering it was like 20 people at the table yelling, screaming and laughing like small children.
We came in with a bunch of wine (yes, another BYOB!), and plopped ourselves down in a table that consumed half the restaurant and were very excited to order. I found the menu to be rather extensive, and all options seemed pretty tasty.
I ended up trying a friend's crab rangoon appetizer and it was soo good! The pastry wasn't too thick so you mostly got cream cheese and crab and the dipping sauce was the right amount of spicy. My boyfriend also got a salad with a peanut dressing. I found it to be a pretty loaded salad, but the dressing was a bit flavorless.
For dinner I had the green curry, which if you like spicy food, you gotta try! It was so well seasoned and had lots of food piled in there. Ended up switching with a friend half way through to try his pad thai which was a great relief for my mouth. Also a very tasty option. Then i tried my boyfriend's Duck Fried Rice--amazing!! So flavorful and tasty. A really simple and delicious dish. The guy next to me also had something with duck which was also amazing. Seems like duck is the way to go here.
All in all, I had a great time, ate amazing food, and ended up paying $30 for a lotttttt of food--including the birthday girls. So worth it, so tasty, doing it again.Nothing special to see here unfortunately...
Pros:
Quiet space, nicely decorated dining area. 
Wide variety of things on the menu. 
BYOB
Cons:
Waitresses seemed in a rush to get us out and kept asking if they can take our food. 
At least three people came by and filled our water glasses literally after every sip of water
I had the lovers delight or something. The noodles weren't mixed with the vegetables or meat very well. The whole thing was kind of bland. The noodles very dry and stuck to each other. The chicken was the same quality you get at a corner take out chinese place. 
My friend had soup which was quite bland too and she didn't finish it. 
Definitely better food in the area and there is definitely better Thai food in Philly.Great thai restaurant at reasonable prices. 
I love their dinner special, which allows me to get a soup, dumplings, and an entree for less than $20. The food comes out quickly and is very delicious. I got the red curry last night, with "awakening" spice. (warning: awakening is quite spicy!!)
The service was great--quick, attentive, and friendly.Popped in for a late lunch and ordered the classic pad thai (chicken). The dish was way too sweet. It tasted as if two tablespoons of sugar had been dumped on top of the noodles. Moreover, the dish was too saucy. Not good. Thai food is about the balance of sweet, sour, salty, and bitter. The pad thai was out of whack.Not sure why this place has such low reviews, Erawan has consistently fresh and delicious Thai food. I've dined in and gotten take out from Erawan numerous times, never a bad experience. I've traveled throughout Thailand and dined in numerous Thai restaurants in center city, this is my top go to for this area of Philly.the lunch specials here are insanely good! i just got back from lunch and im happily satiated!
im always pretty full after the salad and soup, and so i bring most of my entree home. the drunken noodles are quite good as is the bamboo chicken entree. and this place is a byo! i love byo! my best friends and i  bring wine here and just have a girls lunch! it is really enjoyable!
this is my default place for good thai food. thai food in california (where i am from) is cheap and tasty, and erawan is comparably delicious!I've been eating Erawan for years! I really like the Panang Curry and the Drunken noodle, the coconut soup, and the spring rolls. I think everything on the menu is probably great. I love that it's BYOB and the service is always really friendly. The only issue I've ever run into is long-ish waits for delivery, but trust me- it's well worth the wait! Everything tastes so fresh and it's really not expensive relative to other places. The portions are huge- you should definitely have leftovers. The restaurant is pretty small and it can get packed pretty quick but they definitely hold it down and give good service every time!Erawan is one of the best Thai places in the center city area and is fairly priced (not cheap and not expensive).  I always order the Tom Yum soup with chicken and Drunken Noodles.  The entrée sizes are pretty good, my boyfriend and I are able to split one dish when we go there.  Or if we each order one we always have leftovers for the next day. Also as a plus, Erawan is  also BYOB and we were not charged a cork-age fee last time we dined in.  Lastly, the restaurant ambience is nice.Pretty authentic thai food.  A few of the waiters could barley speak english so you know its legit.  The mango duck special was amazing and the seafood dish was very solid.  BYOB is always a plus.  Give this a try, good prices, good food, byobI have been to Erawan once before, and so far, the food has been decent. I ordered Pan Thai with chicken to go, and though the chicken was sparse, the dish was fairly good. But I have two major complaints about my most recent experience:
1) Immediately upon opening the food, I found a black hair on a piece of chicken. I got takeout, so I decided to just eat the food anyhow. 
2) I also ordered Thai Ice Tea to go. While drinking, I bit down on what I thought was ice. Nope. Turns out it was a piece of hard, red plastic! I have no idea what it came from, but pretty horrible to find in your drink. 
I will never be returning to Erawan after this terrible experience. Be warned if you decide to go: who knows what else you will find in your dinner!Delicious food and good service. Loved the summer rolls with peanut sauce and a brown sauce! Also, the mango with sticky rice was absolutely Indulgent. Overall, It was a good experience!I have been here three or four times now and each time I have had a good meal.  The food is very consistent and the wait staff is friendly.  At one of my visits, they seated a very large group and even though it is a small restaurant, they seemed to handle it well.
I absolutely love Thai food, which makes Philadelphia kind of an unfortunate place for me to be living.  By Philadelphia standards of Thai food, Erawan probably deserves four stars, but I am reserving a star because I think the food is too salty and the cost is a bit high.Yum.  Just divine!  I love the Sum Tom here, as well as the Pad Thai.  If you are looking for great service, great prices, and the ability to bring your own booze, look no further!  Having grown up in Thailand, I was beyond delighted to find this diamond in the rough.  An authentic menu paired with excellent service and prices has had me returning at least once a month for the past year.   Try this place out - you will not regret it!Their lunch specials used to be a GREAT deal--attentive service, good food. For between $7.95 veg to $10.95 fish/duck, you'd get a nice 'Erawan' salad with peanut dressing, choice of app or soup, and a main. However the last two times we've been for lunch, service has been nonexistent and the quality of the food now reflects what you pay. Sorry, not a deal anymore!
SERVICE
Expect AT LEAST a 1 hour wait to get through your courses during the height of lunch between noon and 1pm, longer for larger group. In between waiting for the kitchen to prep for take-out orders and shortage of staff, food moves sloooowly. And despite diligently taking our order with specific instructions (dressing on the side, no tofu in main, 2 pepper spicy), no instructions were followed. For every course, one different person in our group of four waited especially long for his/her order so that everyone else had finished his/her food. The table across from us experienced worse so much so that one person called on the manager to make his complaint known (apparently some people in the group had waited 30 minutes for their entree alone).
FOOD
The food reflects the price. The Erawan salad has shrunk to 1/3 of its old size and now is sad looking handful of iceberg, exactly one cherry tomato, and exactly one slice of cucumber that the restaurant should just be rid of instead of putting out as a salad to the detriment of its reputation. My vegetable wonton soup was 2 wontons and a handful of cabbage (the vegetables part).  Carb dishes like noodles or fried rice are all carb doused in one-note sweet (overly) sauce with vegetables substituted by...guess what? Cabbage.  My Pad See Eew was sweetened rice noodles with cabbage. Everyone else at my table ordered a different curry with the consensus that the respective curries were watery and flavorless, though sweet. Past times I've ordered salmon and fried tilapia that tasted strongly of freezer burn (yes, the fish is frozen). I've also ordered Rad Nar where the wide rice noodles--a trademark of the dish--had ran out and were substituted by something else without letting me know until it arrived in front of me. As I've mentioned, vegetables are conspicuously absent in carb dishes with the exception of cabbage.
I've been a fan of Erawan's lunch specials for the past 8 years, and though the quality of their lunch specials have steadily gone down, the past few dining experiences I have had--consistently long extended negligent service + mediocre/bad food means that I won't be going back anytime soon.
Note: This review is specific to lunch; I believe they are more careful with their dinner preparation and again, the higher charges for dinner entrees reflect in the quality of the food (i.e. same dish ordered at lunch vs. dinner will be different in quality and be priced accordingly).Really nice date night :) we had the dinner 3 course special (spring rolls, Tom yum soup, shrimp drink noodles) along with red curry grilled salmon, calamari and mango + lychee juice. Our favourite was the drunken noodles and their juices are quite good. Lychee juice with real lychees mmmmm  and served cutely with straw paper shaped like a heart and rose  Experienced friendly service and well displayed food. Only improvement is our meal was not served as hot as we would have liked. Overall, we would go again! Lots on the menu to discover still.The food here is great and makes up for a lack of atmosphere...we went last week and had the fresh veggie spring rolls, pad see ew and one of the curry dishes (can't remember which one) and it totally hit the spot. Service is decent, nothing special but not bad. It's a BYO, though isn't really advertised  as one. We brought Thai Singha and thought it was great that the glasses they brought out for us to use had the brand's logo on them for a good match.We arrived late for lunch, but the hostess was pleasant and accommodating. We sat in the window, where the couple next to us were dining on a Pad Thai and Ginger dish. I ordered the lunch special, including the salad and coconut soup. The yellow tofu curry was terrific, and they attempted to meet my wife's dietary restrictions. As other reviews said, the staff is super friendly and welcoming. I would like to come back for supper or another event.Sorry to have to downgrade Erawan, but after another order or two I can say that it's a bit pricier than other (arguably better) Thai delivery places. The papaya salad is good, but often VERY watery, and the last time came with one sorry shrimp on top. Plus, my friend tried their pad thai, and it was pretty tasteless and had no peanuts on it. No longer my top choice (but if you're in the area, not a bad option).Most amazing Thai food and servers I've ever had ! The green tea ice cream is literally impeccable.  Every single  curry dish has great flavors I personally enjoy the green curry with chicken. The staff actually take the time to get to know you personally and genuinely , you're treated with a higher level of respect and gratitude.I absolutely love this place because the staff is always friendly and the food is delicious.  The lunch specials are a real bargain ($6.95 for appetizer and a full entree) and I have come here many times for dinner and have gotten delivery and take-out.  The ultimate pad thai is very good but sometimes, it's a bit dry.  I like my pad thai a little bit moist.  The drunken noodles and pad see ew (or however you spell it) are good too.  Their tom yum soup is very flavorful and the appetizers (e.g., spring rolls) are good.  The staff are a group of Thai ladies who are very friendly.  They charge a $3 delivery charge to University City but now that I'm in Center City, I won't have to pay it!  It's also BYO and it gets very busy for dinner.  I've also tried the green curry which is very good and spicy and the holy basil supreme and Royal Rama Chicken are both very good.  The prices are a bit high for dinner but they make up for it in big portion sizes.  I've tried a lot of Thai places in Philly and this is one of my favorites.I order this for delivery via grubhub.com.  I always find their delivery to be quick. So far I've only tried the chicken Pad Thai. That was okay, a bit one note, and lacking in vegetables. I really enjoyed their banana rolls dessert. It reminded me of a favorite filipino dessert called turon. Very reasonably priced and it looks like they have a great lunch 3 course deal. Will definitely come back.For a busy city dweller with a take out craving for Thai food this always does the trick. 
Fast delivery, food arrives hot, and the royal rama chicken is maybe one of my favorite dishes in the city.
You should get the appetizer sampler - it has all the good stuff on it and can be a meal itself. Red curry is great, and even better as leftovers the next day. One of my favorite things to do is order an extra half-pint of peanut sauce and use in my own cooking later in the week. 
I can order from my iPad in between work emails. City dwelling doesn't get better than this.Probably my fave Thai in the city. Why?
- super friendly staff 
- super quick delivery / service
- the spicy chicken salad is so fresh and delicious I want to make out with the chef
- reasonably priced for good portion sizes
- excellent selection
- great option if you're on jury duty ESP as the lunch special is an amazing deal
- one of the nicer places to east in Chinatown (read: not a dive) and it's byo!
In summary, go there and eat great food.
The end.Part of my job entails processing expenses.  Week in and week out, one of our HR Generalist, Bob, hands in reciepts from this place to expense.  No joke, he's there (at a minimum) about twice a week for business lunches.  He took me last week and now I know why he's so obsessed with Erawan...
During your typical Center City Philly lunch rush, most places are hard to find a table.  This place must be the Thai communities little secret because it was calm, welcoming and we were seated right away.  I try never to look at prices when ordering food because if you're going to treat yourself to anything in life, food should be first on the list.  However, my boss was treating me and I didn't want to order anything too expensive.  Well, that was near impossible since all of the prices are relatively close across the board... and way way affordable.  I think the lunch menu was around $7.95 or $8.95 per person and it wasn't just a single dish.  I ordered Red Curry Chicken... and it came with this... and it came with that... and before I knew it I was eating a three course meal for lunch!  Everything was great and if I have one suggestion for tea lovers, go with the ginger tea.  It had a bit of a spice to it but it hit the spot.
In regards to decor... it wasn't anything lavish but you can't judge a small place like this based on decor.  In fact, I found it to be relaxing.  If it were a Steven Star restaurant, that would be completely different and the bill would have been 5x's bigger.
So, try this place out.  If you're a Thai fan, I'm sure you'll like it and if not, it won't burn a whole in your pocket.  This is definitely one of my new little secret spots...We were in search of a Thai restaurant in Philly to host a birthday party for a group of 37 people.  Pat was so wonderful to work with.  She made it very easy to order and helped us create a perfect family style menu with enough variety to please everyone!  The staff was extremely accommodating of our large and loud group!  In addition,  the food and service were exceptional!  When it was time to cut the cake, Pat even lit the candles, took photos and struck up the birthday song.  We can't say thanks enough.  It was a great night!  Definitely check this place out if you are looking for good food and friendly service!I used to love Erawan, but at the restaurant last night, while we were ordering our food, I saw a mouse running across the floor! Right in the middle of the restaurant!! I said to the waiter, "I just saw a mouse!" He kept on smiling and ignored what I had said. Is the sighting of a mouse so routine that it calls for no response? Wow. I think I'll be eating elsewhere from now on.
UPDATE:12/2/16: They cleaned the place up since the mouse siting. The floor is much cleaner, and I haven't seen any more mice running around! On the weekends at night, it's pretty noisy, but not unbearably so. Large, boisterous parties drinking lots of beer tend to get LOUD, but hey, it's the UPenn crowd.This is a great place for lunch. The price ranges from $8-$10 for lunch! The place gets packed during 12-1, so i suggest going after 1. My coworker had the mango chicken- don't get it. It was in a white suace and very bland! Nothing wowing about it. The pad thai is good and so is the red and green curry.My delivery order was messed up, but the owner Patt sincerely cared. My whole meal was refunded. Thank you PattFirst time eating Thai and I enjoyed it. I like that this place is BYOB and very quiet and chill. Will definitely be going back.Kinda odd, they didn't seat our party of three for a good 15-20 minutes because they were waiting for a specific table by the window.....despite other free tables in the restaurant.
The wait time for the food was a little on the long side.  I had the Chicken Curry Dumplings and Drunken Noodles, both good but nothing to write home about.  The best part is that it's BYO.
I'm sure this place is a decent take-out spot.One of my favorite places in the city for Thai.  The food is great and they are able to accommodate large parties.  Recently I made reservations for 18 people with no problem and they offered a 3 course menu of appetizer, salad/soup and entree for only 15.95.  The service was fast and friendly and they let us bring our own birthday cake and had candles for us.  The only issue I had was that it was a bit hot in the restaurant, but they did have a circulating fan going.My first Thai experience and I will be back. You gotta try the golden bags. Delicious! Place was busy, and if you like your food spicy, they will make it that way. Just be careful. :)Food was very good. I will be going back this weekend. Best tasting thai so far in the Philadelphia/ Bensalem area.Great delivery service and consistently good food. We have always been happy with their service and quality of the food.Love this place! Service is always great and the food is even better. Casual BYOB great for dates or just hanging out with friends. My go-to Thai place.We got two Pad Thai orders for takeout - one beef and one vegetarian. Pad Thai itself was good, not great, but the beef was terrible... very dry and tough, and the dish was better without it. The beef pad Thai was also ordered to be spicy, and the cooks simply added red pepper flakes, which was not very creative and was a pretty weak attempt for a Thai restaurant. This place is not worth it, but the Erawan in Chinatown is much better.Erawan does some good solid Thai food.
I enjoyed the drunken noodles and the duck was also rich and well cooked. The starter we got, one of the salads, had a delicious blend of flavours, so much so that we were borderline considering drinking the juices left at the bottom of the dish.
Staff were extremely sweet when we left a card behind. Really nice place to have in the neighbourhood.Erawan is a treat! The atmosphere is warm and cozy, the staff is welcoming and on top of things.  My boyfriend and I both got curry with chicken, and picked the second level of spiciness called "Awakening" on the menu.  Just  enough spice to feel a zing but not to where your eyes tear up. There was a rose on our table which we liked a lot too.  Parking is a bit of a hassle, I had to park in a lot, but it was $5 so not terribly expensive to park.Erawan is my favorite average priced Thai restaurant in the area. Great for eating in or taking out, the food is ALWAYS awesome.This was the first time I ever went to Erawan and I truly loved it. I love that its a small hidden gem in the city, and its BYOB so what better! The servers were so kind, and immediately without asking the waiter came up to us and opened our wine bottle so we could start our night! I do think this place should be renovated into something more modern but I do love the comfy feeling that it gives off now. I recommend going to this place its worth it!I always come here when I'm in Philadelphia. Great service. The curries are delicious with enough fresh vegetables. Massaman and Penang the best curries. Coconut soup fresh. Thai fresh rolls are delicious. Never had pad Thai but I'm sure it is good!We love Erawan!  My first Thai experience. :)  Great place for lunch, very kind, hardworking staff.  Also, the place is cute and cozy!  I've never had anything here that I didn't like.  Drunken noodles, mango chicken are two that I really enjoy.  Also, I highly HIGHLY recommend the fried pork dumplings to start.  They are super delicious.Not recommended，if you are looking for authentic delicious Thai food. I went here a couple of months ago, it was good at that time. However, right now the food is awful: the drunken noodle my wife and I have ordered, the scallop is cold inside,taste raw. And for the yellow curry, and Tom yum soap, the veggies are not cooked enough to, it was like put salad inside the hot water and hand to you.My first review of this place was only 4 stars because they slapped on a 20% gratuity for a group of 5, but now that I've been there a couple times, I just had to change the rating because they are consistently good. I'm blown away by their $15.95 three course dinner set menu and their consistency time and time again. Everything thus far has been good, and I will go so far as to say that no San Francisco (my hometown) Thai place beats Erawan. Btw, the Vegetable Tofu Soup and the Holy Basil Supreme entree is very yummy. Great place to catch up with old friends, go on a date (low red glowing light), or even by yourself. Service is wonderful each time. Oh, and the sweet sticky rice mango dessert is perfect. I highly recommend this placeI have eaten so much pizza from Rustica that I'm about to start hating it, so I decided to try a new takeout joint. I was pleasantly surprised by Erawan and they have earned themselves a position in my regular rotation.
I had the Holy Basil Supreme with chicken, which is what they call Thai Basil Chicken. It was really good- not too sweet or spicy, very garlicy and the flavors balanced well. I got both dinner and breakfast out of one order. Chad had the Pad Thai, which was good, but not the best I've had. He asked for it spicy and it actually was, amazing! We also got some Edamame, which I thought was a little overpriced for the size of the serving. 
When we ordered they said it would take an hour, but it only took about 30 minutes. 
Over all, everything tasted fresh and we'll be exploring more of their menu in the future.Panang Curry.  Bangin.  Also, sampler for an appetizer is delish.  I fell in love with Thai food in Thailand, and when I taste the curry sauce, I close my eyes and it takes me back to Bangkok...Have eaten in the restaurant a few times, wait staff is courteous and attentive.  Online ordering is easy too and delivery is prompt.I've been eating here for 3+ yrs and it's still my fave Thai in CC. I primarily get take out, and have experienced some long wait times for food to come out of the kitchen when dining in, but always friendly and accommodating staff. I prefer yelp reviews to be food quality over one bad service experience. So five effing stars.The food here is PHENOMINAL!!! If you want authentic Thai food, this is the place to go! The food quality is great, portions are good, and the flavors are orgasmic. My only complaint is that this place gets super crowded at times and it looks semi uncomfortable to dine during those times (I always get takeout). And the prices could be a little lower. This is my go to place and I would be perfectly happy if this was only Thai place I went to for the rest of my life.
On a side note, if you like outdoor dining, they have a few small tables outside. It's on the corner and in a really nice areaThai cuisine! Who never does that? Best Asian food ever! Gotta get the seafood soup with lemon grass and their calamari for appetizer, then go with fried rice with crab meat and mango juice, really delicious.. Even though their mango juice isn't pure but it was okay, since i love mango. :D Price is average and they serve the food pretty fast so, i really highly recommended to whoever love Thai cuisine, worth to try!I turned to Erawan for takeout on a colleague's recommendation. He warned me that not everything at Erawan was good and that I should order a few things just in case. 
I followed my colleagues advice and ordered FIVE different dishes - appetizer, soup, pad thai, a side, and a dessert. But every single one of them was terrible. 
The good news was that I had a bite of each, so my hunger was sated. The bad news is that I wasted a ton of food. 
And dishes! For some reason they delivered my takeout with clay dishes and a real napkin and silverware. Very odd! Since I was staying in a hotel, I had no choice but to throw them a way, which was a real shame. 
All in all, an extremely wasteful and unsatisfying meal.As stated in my previous review, I use to LOVE erawan. My cousin and I both ate there or got delivery as much as once a week. Unfortunately last time we ordered, we had an awful experience. The chicken in the same dish we order every single time was simply not good. Brown, slimy and not of their usual perfect quality. We would've gotten sick had we ate it. When we called, the woman was unbelievably rude. She disagreed, made excuses, and was insanely unprofessional for a business owner. She refused to give a refund, and offered a $5 coupon. Then offered 50% off next meal. When we said we'd take a 50% she agreed with "fine," and quickly hung up. No surprise, no refund was ever given. 
It's so disappointing because we've been customers for years and it was truly my favorite Thai in philly. But after the unpleasant experience I'll never eat there again.I somehow found myself here after stops at Rum Bar, Monks, and my friend's apartment, which meant I was several varieties of intoxicated (and hungry). 
I didn't realize at the time, but we walked in shortly before closing. The staff didn't mind, and sat us immediately. Yummy spring rolls came out relatively quickly, followed by entrees...I had the Pad Prik King with tofu. Very flavorful and fresh tasting...among the better Thai dishes I've had in the city. Its BYO, and they accommodated nicely (oh yea, we brought beer too...long night!). 
Even though we were the last people in the restaurant, they didn't seem annoyed, nor did they try to shoo us out the door. I hate being "that guy" so I appreciate it when people are gracious. The only bad part was that I forgot my leftovers at my friend's place...oh well, hope you enjoyed them dude.
I hope to dine here again...only earlier, and more soberly.In town for a week for a conference. First night I was here I got Thai from Jasmine Rice -- pretty good Thai. Tonight I decided to try Erawan --- BAD DECISION! I got shrimp red curry --- Shrimp were any BUT fresh and disgusting. The curry tasted like it came from a mix at the grocery store. Lastly - the Tom Yum soup was so so but definitely not worth 8 bucks.  WORST Thai I have ever had. BummerI've been there twice now and had the exact same thing both times (it was that good the first time).  I ordered the Larb Kai (spicy lemongrass chicken salad) with sticky rice and Tom Yum Soup.  The first time around, everything was great.  The salad was perfectly spicy and flavorful, the sticky rice was sticky but pliable, and the soup was light and delicious.  
The second time around, the soup was still just as good.  However, the Larb Kai was not nearly as spicy or flavorful and the sticky rice seemed to have been left out for awhile.  Not to mention it was still wrapped in plastic wrap on a plate when it came out even though it had been originally steamed in a banana leaf.  
The service got to me the second time around.  Not that it was terrible, but it was definitely below average.  They brought out two of the three person's first courses without the third.  Normally that's fine as long as you bring out the third right away.  It was another five minutes for the third person's first course.  For the main courses, the same person's main course was missing for roughly 3 minutes.  If you're going to not bring someone's food out on each course, at least make the customers take turns!  
I will go back again because the first time was very good.  Hopefully they can make some changes by then.We ate at Erawan for the first time last night.  The food is absolutely phenomenal.  As I read the yelp reviews while waiting for my friends to arrive, I began to get nervous about the service.  (We ate at the restaurant.)  It turned out to be quick, efficient and very friendly.  I will go back again and again.BYO, good food, was actually semi-full on a tuesday night.  At first I thought the portions were small, but I actually got pretty full towards the end.  Had their 16$ special: appetizer, soup, and pad thai.  Overall, its pretty cozy and I enjoyed my time there.Always stop in here whenever I'm in town for the Flower Show.  Good soups and curries and along with Smile Cafe are the only two Thai places that seem to be decent in Philly (per my friends, they tell me good Thai is hard to find in the city, though it does exist in the suburbs).
Decent Thai and like the cuisine, very reasonably priced.Try their drunken noodles, best ones around. Also, make sure you tell them how spicy you like it. I have never dined inside here, just take-out. I would get delivery, but they take a ridiculous amount of time. (I live two blocks away and they quoted me an hour and a half. No, thank you.Very little food for what we paid. Also, price on menu different than price on receipt. We also went to eat there one night to find that they had no working A/C.It had been a very crazy day, and by the time 6pm rolled around and my bf had come home from work I was in no position to make dinner. He, either out of laziness or seeing an opportunity, suggested take out and we turned to Erawan's menu, which conveniently had been dropped off at our brownstone that day.
We called them and ordered the shrimp fresh thai spring rolls (rice paper with fresh vegetables & vermicelli noodle served with homemade special sauce & crushed peanut), the rama chicken (sautéed chicken with yellow curry powder, chili paste with steamed broccoli glazed with peanut sauce), and the holy basil supreme (sautéed basil leaves mixed with vegetables, tofu, onion, and bell pepper in hot chili sauce). As my bf was finishing up ordering, a look of panic appeared and he mouthed to me, "One hour wait," but at that point, having already ordered everything, we opted to just wait even though we were starving by the time the food arrived (it took a bit longer than an hour).
The food itself was pretty good. The shrimp rolls were the only disappointing dish; it was just too plain tasting, other rolls of that type I've had before have been far better. And the sauces it came with tasted kind of off. But the rama chicken and basil supreme were tasty. The chicken was a bit overcooked, and the tofu was WAAAAY too fried and not the best quality, but the sauces made up for that. Erawan doesn't get 4 stars because the food was late, and by that point a little cold. I'll probably order from them again, especially since there aren't too many Indian places around, and just call at a time when they will probably be less busy.I've been eating here for the past few years and have rarely been disappointed.  My favorite dish, hands-down, is the crispy duck, superseded only in recent years by the pineapple angel duck (which is basically the crispy duck with pineapple...perfect addition!).  The duck is crispy and savory, and the basil curry sauce adds just enough heat to balance the pineapple in the dish.  For desert, the mango coconut sticky rice is a must try.  The rice is sweet, creamy, and just the right amount of sticky.  I wasn't a fan at first of serving it with unripened mango, but somehow it all works together.  Today, I tried their Pad See-Ew with pork for the first time, and it was exactly what I needed to satisfy my noodle craving.  It was warm, savory, and perfectly cooked to order (not microwaved as at some other places I've been lately.)  I paired it with the coconut soup as part of the lunch special and the whole thing came in just under $10...and the noodle portion was huge!  My only complaint about the soup is that the chicken is always overdone, but my guess is that they don't account for the additional cooking in the hot soup.  The soup itself is warm, savory, comforting, and just a tad bit sweet...also one of my favorites.  If you have room, I also highly recommend the Thai Iced Coffee...it's thick and sweet, just perfect for a summer day.Ordered delivery from this location and after waiting for over a hour and a half... the pork drunken noodles came with chicken instead, the papaya salad that was supposed to come with shrimp and had also ordered and paid for an extra skewer of shrimp had ONE shrimp, and the pad Thai with chicken was only noodles and tofu with a few pieces of chicken... will not recommend or ever go back. Tried to contact the location about the order and they were unwilling to fix the order or refund for the meals being incorrect... spent $50 for nothing...This place sucked, I did take out once, and that would be the last time I order anything from there. Everything was so bland, even Chinese Sang Kee has a better Thai dishes.Love it.  Wonton soup and papaya salad are amazing.  Currys are good,  but I didn't like the massaman one.I've only done takeout, although I lived maybe a block and a half away. The customer service is nice, the woman was very friendly. Our first order included barbecue chicken (delicious! I love the chili sauce) and my boyfriend had the chicken dish with peanut sauce, which became his #1 dish for subsequent orders. 
Unfortunately, the next two orders seemed to decline in quality and we were forced to stop ordering from them, seeing that each order set us back about $35. I do recommend them, however, and maybe one day I'll actually eat in.