I'm obsessed with this place! I've never been to a distillery where I've liked EVERY beer. I seriously like every beer here. The Stacy's mom is super solid. I've also really enjoyed their porters as well. They always have something new on tap, which is fun, but a bummer if you found something you liked the last time (purple monkey dishwater). The ambiance is chill. You can play battleship and have a drink.Stopped here for some beers before a concert. We were able to get a table right away which was nice. I got a flight and enjoyed my beers. Nothing I really LOVED but I'm not a big beer drinker. They do have food here. They have a lot of board games so it's a nice hang out place.I visited Evil Genius on a Thursday night with a group of about ten people. It was pretty empty when we arrived around 5, but got busier as the night progressed; it never got packed though (I'm sure weekend nights are a different story). The space is large with high ceilings; there are plenty of tables, high tops, and seats at the bar. We had no problem securing a large enough table for our group. The general theme is very 90s - the beer names, the menus on old VCR covers, the games at the tables, the year-round christmas decorations, etc. If you get a chance, check out some of the signs in the bathrooms, they're pretty funny. 
They offer a wide variety of beer, mostly IPAs. We didn't order any food, but that menu also looked extensive and appetizing (lots of veggie options too). You have to order in the middle of the bar where the ipads are (there are only two of them) which means you have to wait in line; since it wasn't busy when I went, this wasn't an issue, but I can image this would be pretty annoying with larger crowds. The prices were decent - $11.50 for a flight and around $5-8 for a beer depending on the size. If you're getting the flight, ask the bartended to write down which beer is which because they don't label them.Great beer options. BUT PLEASE!!! Lower the lights. This is not a Walmart. Atmosphere is everything guys and this place is too bright. Honestly. Everything else is awesome but I really hope you take my advice and change out the wrong kelvin bulbs with warm ones and set to dim setting and not blind. People and friends have all told me "yeah, it too bright in their. let's someplace cozier". Don't get me wrong. I don't want to stumble around in darkness it's just there needs to be a happy medium. Good luck.Holy cow, two 5-star reviews in one night!?
Really, it's come down to execution. If you are looking for a fun brewery that has great beer, space but not too big, and an easy layout, this is it.
I didn't have any of the food and I'll admit the menu didn't look Tony the Tiger great, but seeing several items come out, I'm sure it's good.
Beer (flight mind you):
-Lemongrass IPA 4/5
-Apricot milkshake IPA (5/5)
-Caramel Machiatto (3.5-4/5*)
-Double IPA (1/5)
-Sour farmhouse ale (5/5)
*This beer is pretty sweet, which I don't really love. It was tasty which warrants a 3.5 for me. The size it was in the flight was perfect amount. Why 4? The name of the beer is New Phone Who Dis. So yeah, had to order.
Even though their DIPA at the time sucked (Hans), the other beers were great to phenomenal. Atmosphere was awesome, I'd come back anytime!The beer is good but kind of expensive. No happy hour. The space is quite nice. The crowd is quite boring.Lots of great beers with crazy names. Food is ok, but not enough to come for on its own. Nice beer garden.A beautiful large tap room.
Great value on beer with 5 flight pours for $11.50.
A bunch of different IPAs for the hop heads, including some with fruit additions. The mango witbier is not over the top with fruit or wheat, while staying light and drinkable. For those those chocolate lovers, the hazelnut chocolate stout is recommended.Love their beers and great atmosphere! Excited for it to be finally open. Food was okay and it took a really long time for it to come out.This place is a down and dirty version of Frankford Hall. I'm not a fan of the random used furniture in the front kind of sceeves me and the outdoor space lacks some ambience but loved the Amazing selection of beers especially the watermelon one and the Pineapple one that I tried. Space is huge so good for large groups and staff was friendly!I have always been a fan of Evil Genius beers and was super excited when they opened this place up! I got a beer flight, which was a great way to try all of the beers I was interested in. I like how I was able to write down what I wanted on a little notecard and just bring it to the bartender. Then they pour the beers in order and they are numbered on the actually beer holder, that way there is no question as to what you are drinking. I also like how large and spacious this place was! They supply games on the tables and there were some people playing old video games by the front as well. Had a great time playing Battleship and drinking beer.By far... this place is amazing. The staff is top notch, super nice. The beers.. I mean, really?!? Gets busy but expected. Outside area is spacious and has Jenga and cornhole. Def recommendI love that this place is not their production brewery. All the stuff we buy in stores is brewed up north. They call this their lab and it's where they get to experiment and try making new and different beers. The tap list is full of creative brews you can't get anywhere else and they rotate often. Love it!Awesome place, awesome selection of beers + old school games. Food is also pretty good. We had their buffalo chicken dip which was delicious and their tacos. They have rerun episodes of The Office playing on their first TVs which honestly was the cherry on top for me. Definitely will come back next  time I'm in Philly again.This place is a mess. It definitely feels like a suburban brew pub plopped into the city. The beers all have cutesy nerd culture names, so you'll feel terrible about ordering most of them. I ordered the vegetarian banh mi, expecting a Vietnamese hoagie. It came out as a pita with some bland creamy tofu/tomato mix that was cooked in a sandwich press. I asked about mixed drinks and they could only make a gin and tonic, which seems like a really pathetic approach if you are going to carry one bottle of booze and a mixer. 
The physical space seems well done and has lots of room, but the decor is a mess of antique knickknacks and geek stuff (the men's and women's bathrooms have Star Wars decals on the door). Oh, and the men's room has a fucking trough urinal.
The music was the worst and huge TVs were playing local news and That 70s Show. The place cleared out by 10pm on a Saturday, which made total sense.Nothing like a good dog friendly brewery!!! One of my favorite places to go in the city. The beer is so good that even people who don't usually drink beer would love half the stuff they have cuz not everything tastes super hoppy. They have a wide selection too and change it up all the time which is super fun. Love that they have games to play while you're sitting there too. Only bad thing is the foods a bit pricy so I usually don't eat hereDo you enjoy quoting Family Guy? The Simpsons?...ANCHORMAN? Are you wearing shoes? Well put them on! Now come to Evil Genius and have a beer! 
Evil Genius is the newest addition to the Philly beer scene. It offers some tastefully named beers- all references to a movie, a song, TV shows-that have nothing to do with the beers themselves. And I enjoy that. Why is "I love lamp" a pineapple hefeweizen? or my personal favorite, Turtle Power, a pale ale? We will never know. 
So grab some of your bros, shout "Ma the meatloaf!" and they'll give you a beer (It's a witbier). Just beware of the food menu, it's expensive. I don't know what "hoagie dip" is but its not worth $10. I have faith it'll get better. Drink the beer, and walk down the street to Loco Pez and get yourself tacos. 
Drink Local.Love love love. The lab always is experimenting with super cool and flavorful beers. I love the system of ordering so you're not falling over people who are sitting at the bar and it goes quickly. Indoor and outdoor space are super cool. Great and kind people who work there.Great build out with good beers and food- very excited for the new beer garden to open.  The ordering system is a little wonky...especially when they are busy, but I trust they know more than I do about how they want to direct flow inside the bar.If you're vegetarian or vegan I would not eat here. I ordered a grilled cheese that had a piece of CHICKEN stuck to the bottom. I was so disappointed, I haven't eaten meat in 3 years. I don't think you should have to inspect every inch of your food before eatingDidn't try the food, but there was nothing we didn't like about this place. Although, the speakers were loud where we sat. Kept having to hear about Tom Brady.
The chocolate hazelnut stout I'll have what she's having-was our favorite.
Nice quantity of choices and nice that they have flights. An interesting tea-infused beer wasn't something you'd want in large quantities but nice to try.The beers here are awesome! Nice atmosphere. Great for groups. Good outdoor space with cornhole and other board games inside. Great place to hang out in the afternoons or through the night!Really loved the vibe at this brewery. Came on a Saturday night and it was packed! They have a retro theme for this spot and also a sega genesis console in the corner as well! The IPAs here are good and what makes them stand out even more are their names. Great spot to hangout and grab a beer.One of the best hang out spots! Always a fun time, and good food! It can get pretty crowded on Saturdays but if you get there before 3 you should be able to get a good table! Great for gamedays too!Pros: beer is good, interesting variety, although a bit heavy on the IPA options
Cons: food is basic, you need to order your drinks/food at a central spot at the bar, where you collect your drinks and have your food delivered to you when ready
Warning: One of our ordered food items was not delivered after we placed our order at the bar and paid. We were told that we were not billed for it (not sure of that - paid cash) and that to order the missing tacos a credit card was necessary, which I gave to the waitress. We began eating and drinking what we had and eventually the tacos showed up. We ate those, talked and drank some more, and left about 90 minutes after we arrived. 
Only after returning home almost 3 hours away did I discover that the waitress never gave me back my credit card/had me sign for the taco order charge. I noted that I had received a square receipt by email, reflecting a charge placed at midnight (we left at 7 pm) - $6 for the tacos and a $2 tip! I immediately called Evil Genius that night and left a message for a call back. I then called during business hours the next day and again left a message. I also e-mailed. No response. Weeks have passed. Not good business practices. 
I wonder how many other customers have a 33% tip added to their bills without their knowledge? I also wonder the fate of my credit card (I cancelled the card once I realized I had left it and there were no additional charges).This is a friendly place! It's an easy walk from the Berks el stop. It's a little strange to order, but it makes sense and you get used to it. I love their variety, and the staff is very helpful. I always feel welcome walking in.This is based on take away strictly. 
My friend owns a business not far from here and bought a 6 pack of assorted beers for us to try. Out of the 4 of us trying them we didn't like any as they were all IPAs. He bought it because he believed it to be a mix. I don't mind IPAs too much and these were not my cup of tea. We winded up trashing the majority. RIP beers wasted he also spent about $30 on them. RIP money wasted I will go in for my self and review at a later date.Very cool place, walk in seat yourself and help yourself to a beer from their wide selection. With the German game on and I had to help myself to a flight. Favorite beer was easily the Mango Weiss and the watermelon one was close second. Also ordered buffalo dip and nachos for the table and both pretty solid. I would definitely check this place out if you are in the area as it is a good brewery edition to Philly.Amazing! Love Evil Genius. We took a friend out in the area and this was our favorite spot. So many fun and delicious beers to try. Totally recommend!There is literally nothing to not love about this place. They have unique names for their beers - they are all fantastic and have a variety of different styles that are all unique. A peanut butter porter? A lavendar hibiscus? They also have board games and couches to lounge on. They have an outdoor area where you can lounge and watch the summer pass you by. 
This is one of my favorite breweries in the city and I'm always excited to come by for a flight. It's a great starting point for a great night.Decided to check out this new spot because it always looks super packed from the outside. The majority of their beers are on the lighter side, so paying $12-$15 for a "coors light" type of "craft beer" is a little comical. Obviously because of the hipster atmosphere, they're going to charge more. However the presentation of the beers were a nice touch, and the beer garden sets a nice ambiance at night.We sent for Father's Day with 6 adults and 4 kids. Had a great experience. Of course, the beer is very good, but in addition to that the staff is super friendly. We were a little nervous about bringing kids, but it's a very family friendly atmosphere. There is a big indoor area and next door they have an outdoor section which the kids really enjoyed. The only food we got was the desert nachos (waffles) which I recommend for kids and adults.My oh my oh my...what delicious beer here.
A trip to EG is always going to deliver, because you are going to get a range of creative, witty named, delicious beers.  Trust The Process...goddam. I said goddam.  Get in there and drink that up.
Great interior and exterior space, positive mental attitude messages in the bathrooms and brilliant staff with brilliant service.
Long live Evil Genius.Great little watering hole with craft brews in a laid back setting.  Bar chow is good and prices very reasonable.This place was just fine. Their beer has names like "Holy Scnikes" and "You Mad Bro?" The vibe is casual but sort of common. High ceilings, exposed brick and ductwork, and loud music mean you have to scream at the people you're with to have a conversation. The menus are on old cassette tape boxes and the music is all hip hop from the mid 2000s. They've got a really specific target audience: millennials who were kids in the late 90s and teens in the 2000s (like me). It's fine, but only fine. It could have been any hipster bar in any city in the whole country. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, but I also wouldn't tell anyone not to go.Evil Genius makes a lot of great bears, and is constantly rotating new options through their taps. Where some breweries focus on a narrow field (Oh good, 8 cloudy IPAs on tap!), EG has something for everyone. I'm a fan of Ma! The Meatloaf and Supernintendo Chalmers.
They have a ton of space, though not a lot of seats at the bar. They have a designated place for getting beer, which mostly works, but sometimes creates a long line. There's a mix of high and low tables, and some couches up front.
Outside is a large garden area, though they don't always have the outside taps going. They also close a little early on weeknights, so make this an earlier stop.Everyone, please give the braintrust of Evil Genuis a round of applause, for they truly deserve all the accoladades they're getting.
We recently patronized this brewpub/brewery/neighborhood bar on Front Street underneath the rumble of the El on a Sunday afternoon. It was busy, but due to the enormity of the interior establishment (yes, it's bigger on the inside...Whovians, anyone!?) still a few tables were available if you want to methodically and patiently sample their creative menu of drinks. We found 'This One Time at Band Camp' and 'Turtle Power' to be refreshingly light and delicious, especially if you're looking for a summer ale substitute.
The interior of Evil Genuis is, simply put, an intelligently designed space with tall ceilings, an old school video gaming area resembling a college dorm living room, plenty of seating areas of bar stools and table/benches, and TVs to boot.
We also ordered food (i.e. deconstructed hogie) and it was a good accompaniment to draft beers. Was it the bomb diggity? No...there are a lot of Yelp complaints about their food and it's true - don't expect Michelin Star appetizers. The idea is that you drink enough so that the food is ancillary to the primary objective (which is to sample all their beers!). At the end of the day, they're a brewery. They don't have a world-class kitchen, and honestly, you twits who go there hungry shouldn't expect high-end dining; go down the street to Wm. Muherin's Sons and fill your empty stomachs with $$$ plates of pasta and pizza for that.
(Hey Evil Genuis guys and gals, how about adding a beer called 'Haters Gonna Hate' to your menu?)
Ok so my final assessment of Evil Genuis is that they did it right. Nothing there is chintzy. The beer is somewhere between great and who gives a f*ck. Frankford Hall, honestly, has nothing on EGB.
P.S. closest stop is Berks Station if you don't live in the hood of Fishtown/SoKo. Street parking is decent within quarter mile.Everyone here was super nice except for the "manager" in the Sweater. He was super rude and condescending. I spent a lot of money here and when I ordered 2 entrees he informed me they were out of BOTH and in a super rude way. Evil Genius Brewing...your beer is great. Your employees are super sweet. Except for sweater man. Get rid of him. You don't need a knock off Miz working here.Too much fun stopping in at this brewery. I don't remember much after visiting but I do recall 2 things Stacy's Mom definitely has it going on and how the heck did they make a beer taste like a chocolate peanut butter cup?
 Dangerously delicious combo in an alcoholic beverage...thank you sir, may I have another? Just thank goodness for their great service, comfy seating and friendly crowd. I grabbed a power nap fo...sho...FANTASTIC venue! Awesome selection, staff, and food. Super fun people. Outstanding Burlesque Revue. Ask for bartender Meg! Tell her "Liza Minnelli sent me." Hahaha. Def my new favorite spot in Philadelphia.Awesome brewery with tons of beer options for decent prices. Easy to fall in love with the place as soon as you open the doors. The open feeling of the brewery with tons of childhood games makes it easy to spend hours here. Besides the chill atmosphere inside, you have the option to go outside which feels like someone's backyard. The set-up outside includes corn hole with tons of chairs and high-tops for groups. Besides the rotating beers,  they have tons of food options. Really something for everyone at this place. FYI - beer samples (5 of them) is $11.50 for context.As someone who is eagerly awaiting the opening of the Evil Genius Brewery, this place will definitely tie me over til their official opening. This beer garden was a great place to bring a group on a Saturday afternoon. We arrived right when they opened.
There are a handful of tables with umbrellas to shield you from the sun or in our case rain. They set up an additional tent for people standing when it started raining which was very thoughtful. There was a giant jenga set right at the entrance which I could see being fun...i just wrote on the blocks with the supplied sharpie.
Along with having a few Evil Genius Beers on tap, there were a few beers from Saint Benjamin and then a single cider from Commonwealth Ciders. I opted for Ma! the Meatloaf from EG and it was $6. There were cookie cups with beer (?!) and assorted food trucks around but I wasn't hungry so I skipped them - maybe next time.
I definitely want to come back to this place and try a few more of the beers. Evil Genius is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.Super packed, tons of beer, great food. It is a must go if you're touring breweries like we were. I'm not a local so I don't know the scene but I had a great time here and plan to come back. Philadelphia has a great beer scene and feels more laid back than at home.Nice beer and lovely space!! Food definitely needs improvement. Our nachos came with cold shredded cheese sprinkled on it...really? You couldn't just heat it up? :( :(This is hands down one of my favorite spots! The beer is so good its hard to pick one! There is something for everyone! They have dessert nachos which are great! the outdoor space is awesome! Retro video games and board games for everyone to use! Love this place.WOW. This has to be the best place possible. The beer is awesome and it is what everybody wants. I request their IPA'S to my local stores even at any cost. I have tried their IPA'S  as well as my friends and they are awesome. We are going to have to visit them in Philly soon as they are the best and their customer service department (Jenna) is awesome for info on their prize product and tours and their new beers. I would also subscribe to their website as they are the best.What a fun place with great beer. We stopped by with a couple of friends, and it was the perfect place for a chill night. They have an inside and an outside area with a bar inside and outside. The outside area has seating but does close earlier than the inside. The beers are reasonably priced and all of the ones we tried were so good. Prices are reasonable and great service!Great beer and very chill atmosphere! The beer garden is awesome. Nice staff. Food was good but they're getting more.What a cool spot in a not so nice part of town. They have a fantastic outdoor area with an outdoor bar, fire pit, lights, it's nice. 
Inside is really cool looking. Super industrial, reclaimed wood. Very cool decor. They have comfy sofas to sit on or you can find a table if you're lucky. The whole place is self serve. Order your drinks and food at the bar they give you a number and then someone runs it out when it's ready. 
We all got something different and loved the food. Nothing super fancy. I had their chicken salad sandwich and it was really good. They have great artisanal chips to go with your meal. As always, some of the best beer in the northeast. Give it a shot if that's your style.Good beer in a clean, lively venue with outside seating available.  Beer selection was great, with a wide variety of styles including plenty of unusual creations.  Food options were pretty good, including a few veggie options.Woah this place was a hidden gem and a great place to go out for a few beers with friends. The options they had on tap were great -- would highly recommend you go with a flight and pick to your hearts content.
Atmosphere is nice and causal, but you can tell that the place and its staff care about the quality of their beer. The place also has board games on several of the tables which makes for a fun activity while drinking your beverages -- we played battleship which was great.
Food options are a bit less exciting than the beer options (which is ok), but if your looking for a causal place to sit down and spend time with friends in the area over some great drinks, this place is for you!Visited here with a few coworkers and we had a great time. The beers have really creative names so it was fun to order them. They also have select cocktails, wine and cider for those non-beer drinkers out there :) Lots of board/card games around to play which was a nice touch. One of the managers gave us a tour of the actual brewery which was cool to learn about. I would definitely recommend this spot for group gatherings.The beers were delicious with outstanding flavors. It is difficult to find beers that truly capture the taste description but Evil Genius has it! Great relaxed environment with a nice, large patio.We stopped here on St. Patrick's Day (after about 6 hours of drinking), and there was a healthy crowd without it being overly crowded. Lines are well thought out and efficient for getting beers, and we were easily able to get a picnic table for our 8-10 person group. Bartenders were friendly, beers were great, and the venue itself is well-decorated. Solid place all around!Evil Genius has a fantastic atmosphere, with a great interior design, modern industrial look and tons of space to sit, stand and mingle. The eclectic collection of beers will satisfy anyone's palette. The outside area in warm weather is a great time.  Overall, I definitely recommend going to Evil Genius. Unfortunately, if you're hungry--I suggest you fill up elsewhere. The food is subpar relative to everything else mentioned.  This is coming from someone that understands bar/pub food is not meant to "wow" the crowd. I'm not sure if the food is supposed to be bad on purpose, but I have to admit I've left there earlier than I normally would to grab a bite to eat somewhere else.Great local brew pub! They offer a wide variety of of microbrews with delicious and unique styles. The space is clean and open - the perfect ambiance for any season. And they have a streamlined order management system so you don't have to wait long to place and receive your beverages and food. Would definitely recommend as a great find in Fishtown and PhillyAs a brewer and a manager in the industry I can say Evil Genius is has it going on. Great Craft Beers and Great Beer Culture!!! Scott is my man! Got the beard and the attitude for the biz!!This pub is fantastic! We love the beer and the creative way they do things. The food is ok, I recommend the meat & cheese tray or the actual sandwiches instead of the dips. The beer is by far the best and biggest draw!Easily one of my favorite spots in Philly, Evil Genius DELIVERS in all aspects.
For starters, their beers are banging. They brew some unique varieties, and I've never had one I didn't like. Their beers come in a variety of different sized pours, so you can easily try a few for under $10. On top of that, the names are HILARIOUS - an homage to The Office, Family Guy, and every other cult classic TV show and movie (i.e. "Shut Up, Meg" - just one of their "genius" beer names) You wont find football on their TVs, but re-runs of Parks and Rec or Donkey Kong on classic Nintendo.
Don't like beer? No problem! They've got a great selection of specialty cocktails and bar bites. Huge fan of the Hoagie Dip - try it on a grilled cheese.
In addition to all the above mentioned awesomeness, they've got a plethora of indoor and outdoor seating and tables lined with Scrabble, Trivia Pursuit, and the like, making this a great place to kick it for a few hours.
Free street parking is relatively easy to snag in this area, especially on a week night. 
Be sure to follow them on Facebook to keep up with their events. They host some fun nights here. I've attended a PSPCA fundraiser (so many puppies!!!) and a FREE burlesque show! 
Great place for friends, dates, and happy hours. SOLD! SOLD! SOLD!I've always been a fan of the beers, although I am an even bigger fan after my inaugural visit this past Saturday. I've never agreed with the too cool for school beer snob rap that they spend too much time coming up with great beer names and not enough time on the beer itself. I think that is a very unfair and undeserved reputation for the brewery. Saturday was their inaugural .5K charity race for MS, followed by a party for their one year anniversary of the tap room opening. Once around the block was the race, and a truly great time was had by all. Lots of fun! It was a lovely morning, and the beer list was impressive. They opened at 11am and the race was at noon, so there was plenty of time to "carb" up beforehand. Music was great, and the vibe was festive and fun. Over the course of the day I worked my way through much of the list, and I appreciated that they added brewery exclusives as stuff got finished as opposed to just throwing on the more normal stuff. I like the WE WERE ON A BREAK apricot milkshake IPA that I started off with - a decent take on the popular Tired Hands-style. The Just Tap It In and the The Files Are In The Computer, a vanilla dubbel, were both also worth tracking down. I had the buffalo chicken sandwich, and my running buddy had the buffalo chicken dip. Very similar, actually, with the sandwich just being the pulled  buffalo dip on a panini. Good sandwich, although I would be interested in trying some of the other general pub-esque menu items next time. I snagged a few other brewery exclusives in cans to bring home with me, along with my swag bag (2 free beers - one that day and the other good anytime, a water bottle, and participation trophy). Great brews, great crowd, great event for an even better cause. Stoked to get back, this time on a Friday or Saturday night for the evening. Thanks for a great time!Space is awesome. Great to bring a whole group of friends or just a date. I've enjoyed every beer I've tasted there and they have a great variety that have great names (it's a whole thing there). Food is very tastey but not the most choices here. They also brought in this "bye bye liver" show which was just hysterical. Don't thing I've ever laughed so hard at a comedy show. 
In response to some of the negative review on here... lol
1) why would you rate a company poorly because your friend bought all IPA's and you don't happen to like them?
2) it's a self serve bar, the bartenders ignored you because they don't take orders at the bar, there are machines quite clear in the center of the bar where you place your orders, so if you did in fact "move down the bar" you would have seen them.
3) the prices are actually very good for craft beer AT THE BREWERY
Anyway it's worth checking out.After what seems like forever, Evil Genius is FINALLY opened! I went on opening night but it felt like the staff had been doing this forever. The industrial, spacious beer hall is the perfect place to grab a drink while in Fishtown. They had ~10 beers on tap and most where from "The Lab" and exclusively served at this location. The location offers a few different glass sizes as well so if you are a lightweight (me) you can opt for the 8oz pours. There's a large chalkboard with the drink menu along with VCR boxes that have the menus placed in the sleeves. I tried Super Nintendo Chalmers (Nintendo x Simpsons reference) and really enjoyed it.
There is plenty of seating on the rustic wooden tables and large bar. We actually grabbed a standing spot where they have a thin bar on the wall. It's just enough space to put your beer while your chatting with friends. There is a large glass roll up door that leads to the brewery.. On the glass they had hand written what's on deck to be tapped next. They weren't offering tours but I did peek in.
The lines were a little long (opening night problems) so I didn't try and food but I can't wait to make my next visit.Loved this place. Great beer in a great environment. Just an amazing feel to the place, especially if you're off your a** drunk lolMy second time here...still loving it...will definitely be back!!  I came here with a couple of friends after work on a Thursday night. Plenty of street parking. Not crowded. Beer and food service were a "10". 
Bartenders are ALWAYS super friendly and helpful. 
Atmosphere is very chill...I like the set up of tables, high bar tops...plenty of games to keep you busy if needed.   Huge TVs....everyone is friendly.
I'm a stout fan..so I tried the Purple Monkey Dishwasher and really liked it. If you are a peanut butter and chocolate fan, this is right up your alley. Friends had the And It Don't Stop and liked it as well. 
For food we shared the charcuterie board... YUM!...and had the chorizo tacos-- EXTRA YUM!! 
The beer is great. The food is great!! 
This place is great!!
 Can't wait to be back!!This review is not for the beer, but for the food. The food is TERRIBLE. Think much worse than the food at your elementary school cafeteria, and costs $9-10 for anything ($8.50 pre-tax for a grilled cheese that tastes like it was frozen for years before reaching you). They should be ashamed. Consider this a warning to anyone thinking of going there hungry. Before you say it's a brewery/beer garden, why even get food: Frankford Hall is a beer garden and it has great food, and Dock Street is a brewery with phenomenal food. Seriously, they should go with not serving food/just serving packaged chips if they're going to pass of these abominations as food.Tonight was my first time at evil genius. 
We had a great time and when my friends food never came out the bartender was awesome and ran and got it and gave us free drink chips. Awesome customer service.  I love the water station and all the games. The little details like the signs on the bathrooms and the menus on vhs tape covers are so funny. 
We'll definitely be coming back!!! 
Awesome spot!The already blooming craft beer and pop-up beer garden scene in Philadelphia has welcomed yet another brewery. For now, Evil Genius is just a brew garden, but an actual brewery is in the works for next year. 
To me, there are two main components of a successful beer garden/brewery. Firstly, the beer needs to be good. Evil Genius already has that down. I've had many of their brews in the past but got to enjoy Turtle Power and Stacy's Mom at the garden during it's opening weekend. Generally, they have a nice list of beers, with great names, in their repertoire. In terms of the brew garden, they had four of those represented at the time of my visit, as well as some guest brews from St. Benjamin. How great is it that our local beer scene plays well in the sandbox together? How can good things (and maybe collaborations...fingers crossed!) not come of this? 
Secondly, the atmosphere needs to be good. Aside from the El roaring by every so often, the Evil Genius Brew Garden has the atmosphere down. There are a bunch of tables and chairs to hang out at. At least during opening weekend, they had food trucks parked out front on the street. In the brew garden, they had popcorn and a vendor that sold cookies beverages (beer cookie shot anyone?) The garden was everyone friendly. During my visit I saw an array of puppies, babies and adults of various age ranges. Speaking of ranges, I thought the $6 price range of the beers were totally on point and appropriate for what we got. It was a really chill scene and a place I'd easily see myself hanging out at. 
I think a challenge will be getting there, but that's probably the biggest Center City to Fishtown challenge anyways. For those using the El it shouldn't be too hard. 
Welcome to Philly, Evil Genius. I see you fitting right in and thriving.Came here over the weekend. It has a great atmosphere. I loved the flights! It's pretty cool that they have so many different types of games you can play with even a video game area in the front. I wanted to go to their outdoor section but sadly it was closed for a private event. I had a great time thereBeer garden delightful in good weather ,  pub grub of good quality and a beverage for any taste . Look forward to returning for future events !Awesome, awesome, awesome! Had my first experience at Evil Genuis and LOVED it. My husband and I sampled all 12 beers on tap. Staff was helpful and easy to talk to. Very cool space, too. Could tell everyone was really enjoying being there. We'll be back!My favorite brewery hands down! If you're looking for boring pilsners and lack luster ales, don't go here. The only thing more creative than their ingredients are the names of the beers. Ma the meatloaf will forever be my favorite but I'm in love with at least 2 beers every time I go there. Also the people are pretty cool and range in age.Liked it here! Good place to come on a nice night if you can grab outdoor seating. Nice selection.I like the vibes of the Evil Genius Lab, but unfortunately so does everyone else. Super hard to find a table, I've never been overly impressed by their beers, and the food is way over priced ($5 for a PB&J?!) They close fairly early, even on weekends so be aware. They have games to play their and you can bring your own. Lots of nostalgia pieces if you're looking to reminisce.I really have enjoyed all the beers they have on their menu. The names of the beers are really funny and add to the experience - all related to pop culture. I also enjoy that the bar is not your typical bar and has games around that patrons can play and Netflix playing on all the TVs.Listen, this place gets a 5 just on the basis that they took that spot under the MFL and transformed it into that incredible space.  Great location, great renovation, great beer garden and, although their beer may not be in my top ten ultimate favorites, they are constantly rotating draft selection and making it fun! There beer has to be good because we are basically there every weekend.   We also love the bartending staff - They are always friendly, fast and efficient.
I cannot rate this place on food - Just putting that out there.  I have not tried the food myself because this is typically the spot we hit for happy hour! 
For anyone visiting Philadelphia and hitting up breweries, THIS IS A MUST.  You aren't going to find a brewery like this anywhere!The beer is great.  They have a great selection and most please the palette.  The food preparation was scary, at best.  So my recommendation is to grab some beers and enjoy your time.  Eat somewhere elseGreat beer and a great atmosphere.  Good place to hang out as there are always games on the table and awesome beerI love the location and the beer is simply wonderful. I have had a few issues with some of the servers. Sometimes I feel like my skin is not white enough for one or two of the female servers. But 80% of the time the service is great. The beer is some of the best in the region. You have to try the, "I love Lamp."
Yes, I will keep going back! 
A few bad apples should not chase anyone away or stop you from enjoying life or a good beer.Awesome beer. Great location. Fun decor. Can't wait to see what this becomes as it growsOther than it being a little bright, I had no complaints about this place. Tons of space, staff was tentative and fast, beer was very tasty and they had something for everyone. Seating was a little scarce at the bar (I was standing the whole time while my girlfriend sat) but tables seemed to open up fairly quickly. There is a cool lounge as you walk in with couches and what looked like video games and bathrooms were clean with no lines. Although we didn't have the food (ate at cedar point before hand), it looked like great simple but high quality bar food. Over all I would highly recommend this spot and embrace it as one of my new neighborhood weekend hangs. Great job guys!!