Tried their pizza and cheestake. It's OK, nothing about it that makes it different from your typical pizza spot.A friend picked up some pizza for us from here and we all liked it a lot. The pizza was just what I want for drinking with beer. Good standard pizza.I went here last night with my boyfriend and we got a pizza pie half pepperoni and half White II and it was so good! The crust was a little burnt but still good pizza. Very garlicky on the white pie which I loved! I will go here again!We ordered 3 salads , ( we had been ordering from this place every day ) .
One salad had   a sharp, hard  black plastic piece in the food , the other had someone else pasta ( as I mentioned in a salad , nothing to do with pasta !) the last salad the  chicken was bad and had a disgusting flavor, I have to strongly believe it was expired chicken!   
We will never order from here again!!If you're looking for some pizza (not thin crust like you'd get at a place like Stella in old city), and this place will deliver to you, I would seriously recommend it.  Get a sausage with green peppers and onion, or a pepperoni.  They do the classics really well here.  The sauce, cheese, crust are all top notch.  
I only give it 4 stars because I tried the cheesesteak once, and it wasn't great.It's ok, if you don't feel like walking to one of the other nearby pizzerias.  Their pizza by the slice leans more to Americanized concoctions (ranch dressing, bbq sauce), than traditional Italian pizza.  If you don't like cold pizza you will probably have to take it back to the counter and ask them to put it in the oven longer.
The cheesesteak is also just ok.  It's about food truck quality.  It's not bad, but you're not going to recommend it to anyone.
Their prices are kind of high too.  It's the most expensive slice in Fairmount and their breakfast prices are ridiculous.
The best bargains for filling your belly are the stuffed chicken and stuffed steak slices.  The are just a little more expensive than the regular slices but probably pack in twice the calories.You have to love Fairmount for exactly what it is....
The grilled chicken salad with grilled mushrooms and pizza olives.  I've never had more delicious grilled chicken in my life.  I'm saying it here and now.  Go there and order that.  You will be super full and very happy.
The pizza is delicious too!  Pretty much, you are 100% awesome no matter what your choice is :)
The people that take the orders are totally friendly, and the delivery is always timely.We are loyal Fairmount pizza delivery orderers. We order nearly every week and we love the pizza.Wow what a rude girl that answered the phone. She should be fired. The only reason I stayed on the phone with that rude person  was because it's 10 pm on a snow day. Only option. But probably never again.Bought a Cheese Steak hoagie, and it was very delicious and not greasy at all! I love how they made the lettuce really thin and fluffy, not to mention i love the Styrofoam container they use for it to prevent it from being smashed during transportation! Will be coming back for more~I love the pizza here.  I got a tomato pie which wasn't too bad.  It was a bit too spicy for me but their other pizzas are really good.  My hubby loves their white pizza--very aromatic with garlic.  Quick delivery.Fairmount Pizza & Grill was my favorite restaurant but I noticed in the past few years that they seem to be cutting corners on the quality of food.  November 5, 2016; I ordered in the store 2 grilled chicken salads with romaine lettuce for me and a friend that I raved to about the freshness and levels of flavor but I was so disappointed on so many levels that this may have been my last day that I will patronize them.  The lettuce was brown, the cucumbers were slimy, the sliced eggs were aged, the chicken was dry and missing the chard flavor, the toasted bread was burnt and they gave me the wrong dressing for the second time. If they are going to continue to charge $11.00 for a salad & extra for dressings the very least they can do is to give the customer the correct dressing, which is printed on the receipt and care about the quality like they are going to consume the food.This is my go to pizza place. Menu has everything you could want. The pizza is delicious and a little greasy which is nice. The honey chicken wrap and buffalo chicken pizza are some of my favorites and I would highly recommend them.Pizza was freshly made with great ingredients, I especially liked their stuffed steak pizza, which I went back for two days in a row. I had pizza fries for the first time here, and I loved those, lots of cheese and great tasting pepperoni's. I'd recommend this place to anyone.Great pizza, much better than just a run-of-the-mill Philly pizza place.  But what is the staff's deal?!?!  I've never seen a more unhappy-looking group of people at a work establishment, and the counter girls are some of the meanest, downright unpleasant people I've experienced.  Nowadays I will only order delivery so as to avoid all these curmudgeonsIf you are looking for fresh lunch meat in hoagies and great pizza this is the place.The appetizers and salads are also really good.The build your own cheese steak is great too.My expectations were not high. I was prepared for greasy slop. So imagine my surprise when the big ol' slice of bbq chicken had a delightfully crunchy crust, a generous helping of chicken and a good proportion of bbq sauce to cheese. The plain piece did not fare as well, but it was eaten second and the crispy crust may have suffered. 
The clientele make for good peoplewatching, and though their ordering/pickup system is a little disorganized, the slices came up fast and hot.
Way to have a pretty good slice of pizza, Fairmount. I may have dificulty deciding whether to come here or Luigis in the future...They have stepped their pizza game up. 
Their fiesta chicken is banging! 
The prices are very fair, the delivery is super fast. I'm not a big fan of the burritos but all around I recommend  Fairmount pizzaThis neighborhood pizza joint has turned into one of my frequents if I am taking a walk up there. 
I get one and only one thing here which is pretty damn good - the slice of their Fiesta pizza which consists of chicken, tomato, peppers. onion and your regular stuff ? 
Nothing crazy going on here, your regular pizza spot with normal customer service and a good take-out or delivery spot.chicken cheesesteaks with grilled onions and extra ketchup!
SLOBBER!Great food. Good pizza. Fast delivery. Highly recommended.If you like being put on hold over and over again check out this sub-par pizza and anything goes spot in the Fairmount neighborhood. The saving grace is this is one of the few places in the area that you can get reasonable pizza by the slice, but tread lightly through the rest of the menu. Faster/better service and remarkably better food up the street at Luigi's.We have ordered from here an embarrassing number of times. Never had anything really sub par and I think we've tried just about everything on the menus. We're big fans of the veggie grinder, their pizza with roasted rd pepper topping gyro platter, salads. Good, dependable fast deliver rain or shine.I honestly believe that my family has personally played a huge role in the business of this establishment for the past twenty years, therefore I'm giving it five stars. 
Fairmount Pizza is just plain great. It definitely surpasses other local pizza joints in quality of food and menu options. Their bread is phenomenal, even their rolls and pressed-sandwiches. 
I don't eat much red-meat, so I always opt for chicken or turkey and they're both very good here. No gristles, no grease. Their turkey is homemade turkey, not that air-packaged, Oscar Meyer stuff that poses as lunch meat. I love their turkey and honey mustard panini. 
Their salads are enormous, with generous portions of high-quality feta and meats. Their breakfast is great, too. 
Made-to-order personal pizzas or large pizzas are always better than grabbing yourself a slice (in my opinion). Their crust is carb-worthy, the only establishment where I can't give my crust to my dog because I'm too selfish. Sorry, Charlie. 
Their wings are surprisingly great, and so are their cheese-fries (mmhm, it's that good Philly whiz!) and if you order them together, you're having yourself a party. 
Thank you, Fairmount Pizza, for always being there for me when I needed you the most.Tried to order pizza from them on the night after a snowstorm. I knew delivery would be a while because of the roads and I was prepared for that. I placed my order and they told me that it would be about an hour. I called about an hour and 10 minutes after placing my order to check on the status of it to find out THAT THEY NEVER EVEN PLACED MY F-ING ORDER! 
I asked them how long it would be to place it again and they said 45-1hour. Are you kidding me?! You'd think if you messed up my order by not putting it in that they would maybe quickly fire it up before some of the other orders? Guess not. 
I'll never try and order from here again.I have to admit I've only had pepperoni pizza here but I'm addicted. I don't know what sets their pizza apart from other local pizza places but when you need a greasy piece of regular ol' pie this is the place for me. I doubt I'll try anything else because I will always want the pizza!Either Sara is thinking of somewhere else, or she hasn't realized for over two years now that Fairmount is located on 20th Street and NOT 19th. Regardless, pizza is good, sandwiches I have tried are good, and the fries are awesome. Wraps suck. Delivery and pickup are fast, and I've never had any problems. I would recommend giving it a try.fairmount pizza is my go-to place when on my way home from the bar or too lazy to cook. I always get the food to go, as I live nearby. Most of their to-go food is packaged in styrofoam, so skip the fries...they will be a soggy mess by the time you get them home. I used to die for their Buffalo Chicken Rustic Sandwiches, but last time i had it, it was just a chicken breast with buffalo sauce on a roll. Definitely failed on that one, they should have stuck with the original. Bottom line - if you're getting home from the bar and you're hungry, or you're just too lazy to cook, grab a pizza and some apps (again, not the fries. The mozzarella sticks arent great either) then this place will do the trick. Breakfast menu could be improved by adding a couple of sides, like hash brown patties to the menu. Its basic, convenient food. Not great, but not disgusting either.Friendly, organized staff and quick service make this a gem in Fairmount. No frills pizzeria with plenty of types of pre-made pies to choose from. Fountain sodas as well as canned sodas to choose from. Reasonably priced.Why does the pizza suck so bad in Philly?? I go to Fairmount pizza every now and then, even though I already know what I'm gonna get. Medicore pizza. It's not the worst I've had and CERTAINLY not the BEST. But it's edible. Especially their BBQ chicken pizza.... and they're pretty nice in there too. So, I'll be back!great pizza (bbq chicken, chicken fiesta pizzas awesome). great hoagies. great cheeseteaks. great salads. great BREAKFAST (omelets, grits, turkey bacon, beef sausage). great burgers.  The only things that they have that I wasn't pleased with are the wings (they are too hard) and the fish & chips (tasteless/greasy). Do take out only. Don't bother to eat thereI have only had a few things on the menu, but all of which had the same trend.  Average to slightly above average.  The BBQ Chicken and the Stuffed Chicken slice are the only 2 items which you get your money's worth from.  The hoagie is generic and the Chicken Piccata is very oily.  It is convenient so I go there, but it is not worth traveling across the city to get to.  The desserts are not made there, but are also not bad.  If you live in Fairmount, it is worth a try.I've had a few things from here, but once I tried the BBQ chicken pizza, I've never ordered anything else. It's unbelievably tasty: sweet, tangy, salty, just delish. 
I've also had some pasta dishes, and the breakfast sandwich. All decent and cheap. 
Stick with the pizza. I've had great experiences with delivery, pick up, and eating in.I'm a philly girl, and I like my pizza greasy, medium thick and cheesy!  The Pizza at Fairmount is just that!  The strombolis are good, the Turkey Burgers are like homemade, and huge, and Delish!  The Turkey hoagies can be made with real turkey breast, not lunchmeat, which makes the sandwich taste great!  Hot wings are good too!  I have sent everybody I know to Fairmount, and they are all fans!  Me and my cousin would drive from West Philly and South Philly respectively to go to Fairmount!  Now that I live in Baltimore, every time I come home I get a slice of pizza and a turkey burger or turkey hoagie!  Best in the city to me and mine! The negative reviews are shocking, cause this is a place that used to be bad, and they have done alot to become what they are today!  They used to have a smaller shop, and all the food was bad, but once they moved to the corner, everything they made was improved on!I haven't had their pizza so this review is for cheesesteaks only.
Here's the thing: Their cheesesteaks aren't bad at all. They're pretty average, not spectacular, but nothing really to complain about. Good enough for drunk food or even a convenient lunch if you live nearby.
One thing that's cool is if you order online they have a ton of options for you to choose from if you'd like, such as "ketchup on roll" or "cheese on top" or "cut into 3 pieces", etc.
Here's the bad news: Don't bother. Every time I have gotten delivery or carry-out from this place they have totally screwed up our orders (about 3-4 times now).
Just the other day we had a very simple order:
- 1 cheesesteak with American cheese, extra meat, ketchup and grilled onions
- 1 cheesesteak with provolone cheese, grilled onions, pickles, and hot peppers
Pretty simple, right?
What arrived:
- 1 cheesesteak with American cheese, (missing extra meat) , (missing ketchup) and grilled onions
- 1 cheesesteak with provolone cheese, grilled onions, (extra meat that should have been on the other cheesesteak), (missing pickles), and (missing hot peppers)
Is it really that hard? Is it? And every time my roommate gets carry-out from this place he asks for no onions and they've put onions on it almost every time.
Get it together, Fairmount Pizza and Grill. Because it seems like you just don't give a sh*t.I had not gone to Fairmount Pizza in a couple of years but decided to go for a cheeseburger as I was close by and really had a taste for one. It was the worse. It was tough and chewy. I kept spitting out pieces that I could not chew. Horrible. I will never buy anything from them again. I paid $6.24 for the worse cheeseburger.A friend took me her and I have to say the it's worth the trip! The pizza is just right on the money. Didn't know they did breakfast so that'sIt's way more than just a pizza place. The menu is massive. But yeah, they do have some of the best pizza around, especially that Buffalo Chicken one everyone's talking about. 
My top 5 ordered from here are: Buffalo Chix Pizza, BBQ Chix Pizza (add Onions), White Pizza #1 (really garlicky), Wings (well done), Fettuccini Alfredo w/Chicken and Broc (add garlic bread or extra garlic knot). 
I feel I should also mention their dough. The crust is nice and thick and bready. It's so wonderful. They sell it too if you want to make pizza at home or in a big dutch oven while camping with friends like I did this past spring. Best campfire meal ever!
Their online ordering system is convenient and fast, and the delivery is generally quick unless it's a busy night.
The only thing really missing for us gluttons is dessert. They have some cheesecake type stuff buried under "breakfast" in their online menu, but it's not very good. I really think they should remedy this by teaming up with Philly Flavors, which is next door, and delivering water-ice, ice cream, milkshakes, etc. Or I could just get off my lazy arse and walk the couple of blocks over there to both places.Not a bad Italian Stromboli. This thing was big and delicious. They could have baked it a little longer for delivery, but I enjoyed it. I will try this place again...maybe the same thing.Service is awful. I ordered by phone at 8:32 AM, and they said the food would be ready in 15-20 minutes. I got there at 8:50, not done. No big deal. I then had to wait another 15 minutes, when the girl at the counter had to ask the cook to prep it. If things were really busy, I can understand the wait, but I was one of 3 people in the place, and I didn't see any massive orders waiting to go out. I got a breakfast sandwich and home fries.
The last time I was here, I had a similar wait time during a busy period, but my food had already been finished and ready to go behind the counter. The guy working the register was literally standing behind the counter staring at me while my food was ready to go for a solid 15 minutes. I had to ask another girl if they had my order anywhere.
As convenient as this place is, and as good as the pizza is (the other items are pretty meh), I doubt I'll ever order here again.I think its the best pizza in the art museum area (besides the high end resterauts, Vetri Pizzeria & Osteria).  Fiesta pizza is great.Being a Massachusettsian, I feel I've had a relatively well rounded pizza experience. I've always thought that Papa Gino's is the best pizza around, and recently gave some accolades to Halftime Pizza as well in Boston. But when it comes to pizza, I'm picky. It's gotta be good, it's gotta make me hate myself a little after eating it, and it's gotta be a good value for the price. 
For Philly, this is a great slice. It was about the size of a Sal's slice, but without the extra crust and grease. I got a slice of buffalo chicken, and it was perfect. Good ratio of cheese/chicken/hot sauce, and big enough that I had one of those "I feel so full, I hate myself, never doing that again even though I know I probably will" feelings; that's when you know you got a decent slice! For a slice and a bottle of water, I paid less than $5. The service was friendly, the food came out fast, and I definitely will be stopping here again.Very good pizza! Was fresh too. I'm very picky about pizza and this is first pizza I've tried in Pennsylvania. It was on greasier side though.Been living in the neighborhood for two years and have eaten here 30+ times so it is about time I write a review.
I hail from Long Island where pizza is pretty unbeatable so Philadelphia has been a sore sight for pizza, but this place has been the best so far for me. The slices are enormous. Stick to the buffalo or barbecue chicken slices. They are very solid and consistently good.
The stuffed chicken or stuffed steak slice is also worth a try! Sometimes the crust at the end of these though can be uncooked so I would ask for it extra toasty or toast it at home if you can but nonetheless, these two slices are definitely a must get here and you can't get this type of slice anywhere else in Philadelphia from my experience here thus far.
The wraps are good, but I'd get sauce on the sides because they tend to oversauce and sog if you let them handle it. 
The rustic chicken sandwiches are excellent too! Same deal though, get the sauce on the side!
***Great strombolis, though what they call "stromboli" is really a calzone. I don't understand why they call them strombolis. ***
The staff is very, very friendly. Food can take long as per most places, so best off ordering on the phone before picking up or eating in.This place is great and open late and its always consistent.  AwesomeStopped for lunch and had a great cheesesteak hoagie. Place was pretty clean and the service good. I'll be back again!I wish I could give it 3.5 stars... they don't deserve the 4 (Becase of the bread), but a 3 is just too low. 
We ordered to go. Which I will say, their togo ordering online is not only easy, but super cool! It comes with a minute to minute information on where your food is. I have never had anything like it! We knew when the pizza was done, when the car left... its genius!
The bread that came with the salad was gross... it was basically stale raw bread. The salad was good and fresh, not your typical "Hosue salad". We got the margareita pizza which was awesome. The crust was my favorite, as well as the sauce. It tasted homemade, and the crust was thick, bubbly and crisp. MMmmmMMM.Really good pizza. Perfectly cooked, even on a super busy night (NYE). The wait wasn't bad, either. Expensive though -- with tip & tax, 2 large cheese pizzas was like $35. Would still like to return and try some slices.The pizza is on the small side, but really delicious. I especially love the specialty pizzas (Ricotta, Broccoli and Tomato is fantastic), though the plain white pizza has a bit too much mozzarella for my liking.
The salads are super fresh and sizeable-- this is one of the few pizza places from which I would order a salad.
The only thing I've ever NOT liked from Fairmount Pizza were the onion rings-- not real onions, mushy and oily, etc.First time ordering delivery. The stromboli was delicious,  and they included utensils which I  didn't ask,  that was a pleasant surprise.  Delivery was quick and the delivery person was friendly.  I also appreciated the online order status.Get the fiesta pizza. Trust me. It is spicy and delicious. Even during Lent I'll order without the chicken.
.I really hate ordering lunch working in the Fairmount area-but every once in a while I break and join the office why is it they always forget my lunch...then you call they say its going right out.... and then 40 minutes later you call back and they ask if you want credit wth is wrong with customer service not when I called 40 minutes ago to tell you it was missing -it wasn't a courtesy call -I am freaking hungry and when you respond it will go right out -almost an hour later I am still hungry...if your hungry I wouldn't count on most Fairmount delivery locations -order early and be prepared....to be let down...I come here a lot. . They have good slices but the best is when you get a whole pie as everything is fresh.  Absolutely delicious. . The prices could a bit less for the pies to better compete with the other pizza places around thereWorst customer service ever.  They will not ring the doorbell or attempt to knock when they deliver. Do not order from this place!! Even the managers have terrible attitudes.We are loyal Fairmount pizza delivery orderers. We order nearly every Friday night with the same items and it is consistently the quality we expect and love. However, last night the pizza dough was all wrong and the cheese was different too. 
I feel like our food order was outsourced to someone who didn't know what they were doing.Love this place! We always get takeout since its only a couple blocks from our house, but the food is always hot and ready after we order it. The pizza is awesome, but we've also ordered the steaks which are great as well. Definitely recommend this place!I ate a tuna grinder from this place the other night a proceeded to get violently ill--just saying... Maybe it has something to do with that nasty white slime the oozes onto the sidewalk from the alley behind the establishment.  No idea why I ate there..."Good" pizza is hard to judge because everyone likes it differently, but we thought this was great! Fast delivery and decent price! Random find on grubhub, but glad we gave it a go.It's good pizza and Stromboli.  everything else is pretty  common/mediocre but who the hell orders chicken and shrimp scampi from a pizza place?  c'mon!I love their pizza when it is fresh. This was my go to spot when I use to live on the same block.  Still try to go back once in a while, when I go to Philly.I've only had two things at fairmount pizza but everytime it is consistently good.
Buffalo chicken cheese steak: 
This hoagie is amazing. Fairmount nailed the sauce with a good amount of spice and generous on the blue cheese. It is always served fresh and hot. During exam season, I crave this bad boy.
Pizza is the best in the area. this doesn't mean its the best pizza ever but the fairmount area seems to be slacking in this area. 
Fairmount pizza is great and i definitely enjoy eating their food. 
My only gripe is that the sitting area is not the cleanest. This doesn't bother me much since I usually take my food to go, but they could improve on.It is becoming increasingly difficult for me to drive by here without stopping for a slice of bbq chicken pizza. However I suggest you steer clear of the tuna melt - its open face and I believe they use swiss cheese and its just all wrong.Ordered 4 take-out pizzas. Pepperoni. Cheese. Combo. and something else I cannot seem to remember.
Anyway, total was about $60. ~$13 a pizza? This better be some good pizza. Turns out, it wasn't that large. 16"? Better taste great. Tastes all right. 
The hallmark of this pizza is that it's very... very.. cheesy and oily. The dough is also very soft. It flips and flops everywhere. If you enjoy such a delight or love the feeling of melted cheese in your mouth, go for it. The pizza here will light up your mouth. For me, it was enjoyable, but simply too messy. It was difficult enough to get a slice out of the box without half the cheese and the slice's toppings slipping off. Maybe I'm just inexperienced with such dealings. Whatever it is, I'd like a pizza whose cheese can hold its toppings accordingly. 
I think the best pizzas are fresh enough where the cheese still has a soft consistency, but viscous enough to serve the function of holding onto its toppings. This veered towards the former.
When I could finally manage to get everything in my mouth, it tasted all right. Not the best pizza I've had, but the toppings worked well with the cheese to create a satisfying taste in my mouth. Satisfying, but that's about it.I consider myself a huge pizza fan and decided to try out this place after reading the yelp reviews.
The pizza did not look appetizing but I decided against my better judgment to try it out. 
I ordered a slice of pepperoni and a slice of sausage to go.
Pros:
1. Price
2. Speed
Cons:
1. VERY greasy. Lift up the pizza and grease is flowing off.
2. Thin, flimsy. Not my cup of tea.
3. Gave me a slice of cheese instead of sausage
Bottom line: I would not recommend this joint for the pizza. This was the first time I could not eat a slice of pizza and am sorely disappointed. It is a shame because I walk by this place often during lunch.Great Pizza!!!!  This place has a large variety of pizza toppings and great prices.  It is quick (probably better for take out or pick up, inside seating is limited), and delicious.  They not only have pizza though, they have breakfast, lunch, and dinner foods as well.  
I would highly suggest trying one of their pizza slices with yummy toppings at a great price!Besides feeling like I am going to get stabbed by a homeless person every time I walk in, or the sometimes crazy pricing, their pizza is really good. The stuffed chicken pizza + a glass of clean drinking water really gets me going.Ok, I have to admit. This place is a guilty pleasure of mine. Everyone thinks their local pizza place is the best and I'm no different. Fairmount has some things that make me love it though. Not least of which is the entertainment value. I think it's on the menu that every visit will include some free drama. Seriously, it often feels like you could just sit and watch the place all night. The pizza is good and cheap. Always worth a visit and my automatic go to when in the Fairmount areaI'm not sold on Fairmount Pizza. A lot of people I know will rave about this place, but I just don't see the draw.
I've gotten pizza from here a few times and each time it's been a pretty limp and greasy slice. I mean, it gets the job done, but it certainly isn't anything to go telling home about.
The best thing about this place is its convenient location if you are in the Fairmount area and want to grab something cheap. That being said, I think it should open past 11pm because I am sure that they could get a lot of good business from the drunks of fairmount late night. Just a thought!Yummy yummy yummy! For an area that has a decent amount of pizza places around, this place is awesome! Delicious pepperoni pizza by the slice or the whole pie. I recommend it to all. I was treated with respect and the service was quick.While in Philly, we just had to try a cheesesteak.  This was the closest place to where we were parked.
The cheesesteak was huge and priced well, but there was hardly any cheese on it and the cheese was sliced cheese under the meat.  I wasn't too impressed.  
The pizza in the cases "by the slice" did look good though.This place doesn't try to turn any tricks. They know exactly what they're trying to do, and do it well. Solid take out with everything from gyro platters, to chick caes wraps, to pizza. You name it, Fairmount pizza will put it in their oven and serve it to you hot in 15 minutes. Other places in the area try to pull bait and switches, but not Fairmount.LOVE this place. Pizza is great, and so is the rest of the food on the menu. Delivery is top notch, also. One time I ordered a pizza and it was delivered to my door 17 minutes later. I thought they were calling with a question about my order when in fact the driver was in front of my apt. I have been ordering from Fairmount Pizza for over three years and only on two occasions have they made a mistake with my order. No big deal since I order from here weekly. They are much better than other pizza places in Fairmount and are definitely worth checking out.Not recommended, better places to eat in the city of Philadelphia. Ordered a Hoagie from here and apparently they forgot what a hoagie is. They decided to make a sandwich without mayonnaise and without oil. A straight dry sandwich. Pizza has too much grease and the people who work here have a terrible attitude. Customer Service is horrible, they'll take your information to put you on hold and have ask you for the same information making you repeat yourself again. Why not just put the person on hold and ask the questions when ready. This place isn't what it used to be. Thank God for all the new restaurants in the area and the ones that are still in business.I used to live in the Fairmount area and one of my favorite quick eats was Fairmount pizza. It tastes great (comparable to NY and NJ pizza). They also have a decent variety when it comes to specialty pies.There are tons of pizza shops in Phila.  To be succesful, a Pizza Shop needs to be fantastic.  This place has been nothing less than outstanding.  We have used Fairmount for years, for both ourselves and our Clients.  Not once has there been a mistake or problem.  I am sure you will have the same great experience(s).  Enjoy!Stopped by here since it was close.
Only got cheese fries and they were great! I really don't think you can go wrong anywhere in Philly but hey, if I'm dropping a review for a business, I'm doing it off of what was serviced.
Would come back if I were in town again.The best normal pizza around. This is not fancy pants Neapolitan or anything, but for just straight up neighborhood slice joint,  this is the best around. They actually let their dough rise which is really all it takes these days to stand out.Really good buffalo and BBQ pizza !!! But I feel that they are overprice for the size of their pizza and you need to pay extra for a dressing (ranch, bleu cheese, etc)We had just left the Eastern State Penitentiary and walked over. We got a couple of slices and they were great! The buffalo chicken was the favorite and that's what I'd recommend.Cheap and greasy! And always so nice when I call to order. Any alterations to my order that I want, they provide. The delivery is an extra $1.
I love their pizzas (BBQ chicken and then I add pineapple) and the salads are pretty good (remember to ask for darker greens and they'll give em).
One of my secret joys is the flute quesadillas.