Super delicious old school east coast deli. The best in Philly. I got the pastrami Reuben and potato pancakes as the side and it was holy crap good. They also hook you up with an appetizer of vinegar based coleslaw and homemade pickles and some mixed breads. They also serve old school sodas too which are a treat. The best treat of all is the desserts which are mega sized and mega tastey. Sometimes this place can be expensive but it's well worth it.I actually can't tell you exactly why I feel this way but this is one of my favorite places to eat in Philly. For me, this is Philly eating. 
They serve hamantaschen year round and maybe the deliciousness of this pastry was the kicker for me. Every corner had a good amount of apricot in it and the texture was like the most moist butter cookie you could imagine. It was so delicious that i stopped by again later in the afternoon to pick up another for my road trip that evening.
I like that they have novie, a less salty lox, amongst a billion other options. 
Every time I've eaten here it's been delicious. Even the coffee is fantastic. I've always left stuffed but still wanting to try more. Can't walk past those desserts, breads, and meats and not want to try ALL of them!I loved the food here. They give very large portions, and is very tasty. The atmosphere was excellent, almost giving a New York feel. I'd definitely go back again.It is just too much of everything. If you want the good, ORIGINAL take no names cookie, find the original owners in the back of the reading terminal market.  I can't go back here because the challah french toast so overwhelmed me that I almost lost it.This is a restaurant with EPIC PORTIONS! No I didn't mix my words, I meant portions. The matzo ball in my soup was the size of a softball and Dining Partner's corned beef sandwich required him to dislocate his jaw in order to bite into it. The free fresh baked cookies at the end of our meal was a bonus treat. Quick service on a Saturday afternoon around 11. Best Jewish deli in the city!Wow. Sandwiches are huge! I was with two big dudes that can put down a lot of food and not even they could finish more than half a sandwich. It is a little pricey, but if you go with someone else and split an entree it wouldn't be too bad. The strawberry cheesecake was amazing. I like the atmosphere. Overall a good meal with plenty of leftovers.How could I have missed writing a review of 4th Street Deli after all these years??? I never go "home" without stopping here. Ever. 
Forget the fact that this is the real deal. Forget the fact that ogling the monster-sized deserts in the front is a sport. Forget the fact that the sandwiches, with fantabulous and fresh ingredients, are big enough to feed a family of 6. Forget that the pickles and coleslaw that are served at every table remind me of my childhood. And forget the fact that the matzo balls in the most delicious soup I've ever had are the size of my head. 
The cincher is the fresh, yummy cookies they serve with the check!
Now if only the owner would open in San Fran....If i were to recommend a place to have a great sandwich in philadelphia this would be the place I would recommend. 
First off, come with an appetite, because the sandwiches are seriously huge! get the Zaftig if you're REALLY hungry. The meat is so fresh and tasty and the staff is really friendly. 
Get the smoked turkey Reuben you will not regret it.May family and I came here for brunch.  We tried their signature pastrami sandwich and also the pastrami and scrambled eggs that we were hearing about.  The food was good, but not great.  The pastrami was fresh but somehow on the plain side to our taste.  Overall, it's a nice place, the staff are friendly, and the prices are ok.I was taken to 4th St deli because of my love of pastrami. I only got take out and the pastrami sandwich I got was huge!!
I got it on a roll. The roll taste fantastic I would go back just for the rolls, very fresh and tasty like it was baked on the premise
OK back to the place, very clean, courteous  service, great food the pastrami tastes good but not as good as Katz in NYC I will return again.I LOVE Famous 4th.  Not only do they have the most amazing sandwiches (you can not finish one...  it's absurdly large), but they have the cutest mini-matza ball soups that are free before your meal.  Amazing pickle bowl and onion rolls... mmm.  Free cookies when you get your check - but I highly suggest buying a black & white cookie for later on!
UPDATE:  I would hate for anyone to think I'm a liar...  therefore, I have to report that the deli no longer gives the mini-matza ball soup.  Sad, but true.consistency is key, and that's what you'll find at fourth street. 
this has to be one of my absolute favorite restaurants of all time. sure, around breakfast, lunch, dinner, and all those "second meal" times, the place can be as crowded as a new york city subway stop, but just like the subway rush, the constant flow of people ensures that you won't wait for long.
the nova has the perfect balance of smoked flavor and salmon taste. usually a dairy loather, i love the cream cheese, which is as basic, thick, and spreadable as it is wonderful (for a change, try the chive cream cheese complete with chunks of chive!) 
and the billion layer cakes? phenomenal. a heart attack in a box if you get it to go...deeply satisfying, and enough to last a week...until your next fourth street visit.What a great deli. Philly is lucky to have this place. In DC, there's nothing even close. Found ourselves here while walking around South Philly and in the mood for a nice sandwich. Nice clean old school deli with white tiles and servers in butcher's smocks and ties. Past the register, you have an awesome selection of pastries, cookies, and cakes. For the kids, a black and white cookie the size of a hubcap. Made the mistake of ordering a slice of chocolate cake. What you get is a two-inch thick slab that's the size of a shoebox lid with an inch of frosting that's so dark and dense not even light can escape. We were still eating this thing three days later.
I decided to keep it simple and stick with a pastrami/corned beef combo on rye. For $18 you get a mammoth meal: two fist-sized rolls of meat sandwiched between three thick moist slices of rye, smothered in swiss, thousand island, and fresh crisp slaw. Enough for two, maybe three eaters. The meat was moist and tender, and the bread wasn't the cheap dry storebought nonsense. This tasted like real rye and although it held the sandwich together, you really had to eat this with a fork and knife. We also got a side of nice pickles, a mix of fresh, half sour, and sour dills, served on a bed of slaw. This isn't the milky, runny slop you find at most sandwich shops. This was coarse shredded in a simple vinegar brine seasoned with pickling spices. A nice fresh snappy clean taste, perfect for cutting through the rich fatty meat. We also got an order of the potato pancakes: nicely fried, crisp, and potato-ey. Addictive.
This isn't a cheap meal. If you want cheap, you can go to any streetcorner, order a 9" Subway "footlong" for $5, and spend the rest of the day in the bathroom. The deli sandwiches here are solid affairs, meant to be shared. I'm sure some gluttons would be able to finish one before dropping dead, but I can't think of a better last meal than that pastrami/corned beef stack.Quality and authentic deli selections. Food portions are huge, expect leftovers! Best chocolate cake I've ever had!Excellent pastrami sandwich!!!  This is how it's done!  It's always nice to get food this good without having to go to New York.YAY FOR JEWFOOD!!! I was thrilled when on a Saturday morning, there wasn't even a wait! But -- it would have been worth it if there was. The portions are enough to feed the entire Jewish population of Philly. I think my omelet had nine eggs in it. Service was fast and friendly. THERE ARE FREE COOKIES AT THE END OF THE MEAL! FREE! COOKIES! Now THAT is how you run a business. This is a family-owned place and it's clear from the service that they really care about the customers. Very comfortable and casual place.I've been coming here at least weekly for I don't know how many years, and it's just awesome. I've read the reviews about crappy service and wonder who they're takin about. There used to be a really snooty girl at the counter years ago (I had a nickname for her from a certain Seinfeld soup-related episode) but I find everyone there now very friendly. 
Anyway, there are plenty reviews about the corned beef and Jewish staples, but my favorite thing there is, ironically, the bacon. It's thick cut, crisped juuust right, and a healthy sized portion. Their breakfast sandwiches are probably my fave in the city. 
The nova is always fresh and delicious, highly recommend the tuna, shrimp and egg salads, and the elephant ears are flaky with a perfect coating of freshly dipped chocolate.
Chicken soup is good, salads are good, breads/bagels are good... It's all good!Pretty good place but $18 for a sandwich is very questionable. I think it's worth trying once, but will not be a place I frequent.WHY DID I WAIT SO LONG TO COME HERE?!!!
i've lived in the philth for 8 years, and i've never come here? ever? wtf? what was i thinking? it's almost as good as canter's back home, but with gigantor-er portions.
i got the regular-sized tuna fish sandwich, with a side of potato pancakes. freaking deliciousness!!! the child and i shared one half a sandwich at the deli, and the other half the following day, at home.
my husband actually ate an ENTIRE turkey reuben, all in one sitting. i was kind of taken aback, man...he was serious about his sammich, that's for sure.
at the end--delicious chocolate chip cookies!!I used to go to the 4th Street Deli all the time as a kid.  My dad and I would each get Nova sandwiches.  From what I remember the food was great and so was the service. We would ask for the same waitress every time and she'd hook us up with a little extra of everything. Speaking of little extras, those jumbo chocolate chip cookies are amazing! Eat some at the table and grab a couple on the way out of the door. They're just that good.
I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I haven't been here for  a long time, sadly. So I can't speak of the customer service now. I'm sure the food hasn't changed though, and it's a landmark, so it's worth a try.I wanted a plain bagel with cream cheese an my boyfriend got me a bagel with lox. Sad to say I was disappointed. It was so salty I couldn't eat it. The bagel itself was delicious at least. He got the pastrami and it was tasty. Not too over powering and not salty. If you don't get the lox, I think you will be pretty happy.This place is so good ! Portions are huge. They also give you a cookie at the end which is delicious! Staff was very friendly and welcoming. Our waiter was super friendly. Great little spot to check out!My girlfriend and I stopped in to grab a cookie. We ended up ordering a bite to eat.  Well to our surprise her comes our corned beef special. In my younger years my mom took us to Jewish deli for this.  I have never tasted corned beef til I came here. Two weeks later we took my mom . The look on her face wad priceless.  Even better when she tasted the food.These sandwiches are huge. Pretty delicious but the overabundance of meat can be overbearing sometimes. I take the rest home and split it up into multiple sandwiches :) don't judge.
The complimentary cookies are the bomb. Wish they sold THOSE.On our way to this deli, my girlfriend and I got caught in a huge thunderstorm without an umbrella and got completely soaked. It was miserable. Despite this, I can gladly say that this place is worth walking through a thunderstorm for. 
Each sandwich comes in two sizes: regular and zaftig. The server explained that the regular is under a 1lb while the zaftig is over a 1lb. My girlfriend and I split the zaftig pastrami sandwich and it was delicious and really filling! You can definitely share a zaftig sandwich between two people. We also ordered their famous chocolate chip cookie to try and it was also fantastic. I almost ate the whole thing before my girlfriend had a chance to try it...What I didn't know beforehand, was that they also give you a mini cookie after the meal to take home with you. For some reason though, I felt that the smaller free one didn't taste as good as the regular size famous cookie so I would recommend trying one of their famous ones on top of the free one they give you. On a side note, they have a cookie stand in Reading Terminal where you can also try their famous cookies.This deli is like Jack & and the Beanstalk meets Jewish deli. (For real, I've been to Jewish style delicatessens before, and this place had the most massive portion sizes I have EVER seen. EVERRRRRR. But, more on that later.) 
When we walked in, I was a little dismayed at the line ahead of us waiting for a table. Starving, and drooling a little from the pastries displayed around the cash register, we decided to wait for a couple minutes to see how the line moved. Fortunately, it moved along very quickly, and we were probably seated within 10-minutes. Our waiter was a little strange, but we eventually got our orders, and my eyes bulged out of my head at the sheer quantity of food we were given. 
My "challah" french toast looked like it was literally an entire loaf of challah. (Yeah, I'm trying to say it was Enormous.) The french toast was a little different than usual though, and it was almost like they deep fried each piece of bread? I'm not sure what the secret is/was, but the resulting food on my plate was amazingly delicious, and made up my breakfast for the next 3 days. 
My dining partners each ordered a bagel with lox, and again-- I could not get over the size. The cream cheese was easily an inch thick, with probably about 2 inches worth of lox on top. Neither could finish even a half. 
Amazingly, the prices for everything was about what you'd expect for the same things at a normal size. I loved my experience here, and can't wait to come back. (The only reason they didn't get 5-stars was for waiter weirdness... have to be a little discriminating about the 5-stars I'm dropping.)Huge portions,but according to the price
The meat sandwich are well done, specially the pastrami. 
The knish was delicious, although a little bland
Great service and variety of Deli foodDesserts are wonderful.   Cheesecake great.  Would be 5 stars if it had a graham cracker crust.   Sandwiches huge.  However.  The corned beef is not very lean even when you ask for x x x x lean and not very tasty. Hymies is much better.  Sorry.  Fun place. One issue.  Must have the worst Jewish pickles that I have ever had.  Not sure why. Too much garlic? Pepper ?  Try a Vlassic Jewish pickle . They are better.   Sorry. Health salad is great.  Square challah great for French  toast.Had brunch here today and it was amazing! Come with a big appetite, because the portions are huge! Great quality as well as service. In the end, the sever gave us chocolate chip cookies! Prices are definitely reasonable for the amount of food that's given!Favorite place! The food is great! I recommend you go hungry because the portions are huge! I love everything here!Ok so the portions are enormous. That's clear. And there's value in that for sure. The food is ok not excellent. I got the matzoh ball soup.  The matzoh ball was enormous. The soup was made from chicken stock and there's chicken inside. There's also bowties and carrots. It was impressively huge but nothing to write home about flavor wise. The latkes were delicious. Also tried the beef brisket which was pretty good and came with latkes and 2 sides (we ordered kasha/bowties and derma). The kasha to bowtie ratio was perfect. Another guest on our table had the zaftig sized pastrami sandwich. I didn't try it but it looked impressive.damn good! high quality food! great sausage! and potato pancakes!brilliant. the sandwich was ENORMOUS.
that is what you will think after you leave here.
the complimentary pickles were good, but the slaw was the big hit.  the potato pancakes - also delicious.
i had some size of reuben, i think it was their version of "small," but there was an entire cow.  had to order a side of russian dressing to go with it - not included, but delicious to dip it in!
this is definitely the place to order a sandwich from.  beware the bagel and cream cheese-there's an entire tub of cream cheese on there.
it was packed, so we made sure to get there early enough so that our tummies weren't grumbling too much.  the day after new years day - we didn't expect any less.
speedy waitstaff, even though they didn't seem to be the happiest to be working, they were definitely on point.  excellent time.  go go go!Only crazy great huge zaftig sandwiches. Sure they are really expensive but I think they can feed four. They make a smaller one for wussies. I only get corned beef.  Hot, moist delicious!! The brisket can be bit dry. The turkey is good but too heathy for me at this place. Outstanding matzo ball soup. Wonderful rye bread. Get a cookie on the way out because the ones they give you at the end of your meal are not enough! It's a great place for breakfast and get the latkes. "Potato pancakes". Best bacon in the city. Thick tasty and crispy. This review has made me really hungry!I was craving some matzoh ball soup and the reviews said this was the place to go. While yes, the soup was delicious, it was a bit more expensive than I would have expected ($8!!). I would be willing to go back and try one of their $20 Sandwhiches. Maybe next time I'm in towMassive portions, great service, amazing food. I'm a big guy, and rarely in any given year can I not finish the food in front of me. This is one of those places. I had the pastrami and eggs with a side of potato pancakes and it was incredible.Okay, so first off, I'm upset that I didn't listen to the other reviewers with respect to the portion sizes. They are absolutely massive. I have a huge appetite and am somewhat gluttonous, so I ate half of my sandwich and just the meat portion of the other half. Now I feel like arse. 
Having said that, next time I will definitely order 1 regular and split it with my friends. They were smart enough to save half their sandwiches for later, but being the glutton that I am, I hate saving it and went for the meat. Food wise, it was alright. Not the best deli ever, but definitely had a traditional feel. Their menu is outrageously large with every classic dish under the sun. Prices are on the high side, and if I was local I wouldn't come here often, but their portions do make up for it. So as I said, split the sandwich and the price in two, and you have yourself an excellent meal. Next time I'd do that for sure. 
Note: I had half a corned beef sandwich and half a liver sandwich (minus the bread on the liver). Liver was very meaty, which is nice. It could've used a touch more onion. The corned beef was okay too, not hot enough for my liking, but very easy on the palette for many. 
Their pickles were fine and the coleslaw was actually pretty good. They also give you these nice cookies at the end, which was a pleasant surprise. The service was quick and friendly, no complaints there. 
I'd say, food wise, it's a 3.5, establishment/atmosphere-wise, a 4. So 4 it is.Chilled little big neighborhood deli. A lot of noise but quick prompt service. Table coleslaw with pickles are like WHOA!!! Inhaled in 5 seconds. Prices are steep but food portions are ginormous!!!! I felt like a total oinker with all of this foodSo, I was originally going to go solid 5 stars for this place.  I love it here.  And everything I have ever gotten has been unbelievable.  I LOOOOOOOOVE the huge pot of traditional chicken soup.  If you are in the mood for soup.  GO. HERE.  THE.  END.  I've also had the Rueben which is bomb and last night I had the Nova Lox platter which was reallyyyyyy good.  I ate so much that my date was calling me "porky" by the end.  I know.  Rude.    Reason for the minus one star is because I tried a breakfast sandwich for the first time ever there.  Sausage, Egg, and Cheese.  Eh.  Nothing to right home about.  I really want to try to smoked salmon hash and eggs.  Love it here.  Definitely check it out for some deli action.When friends visit and they want something other than a Cheesesteak, we end up at 4th St.  The portions are almost too big, and honestly, after visiting some of the "famous" delicatessens in NYC...4th St is better.  The fries are steak wedges with the skin on.  The Reuben, or any sandwich for that matter is the size of your head.  Probably bigger because I'm comparing it to my enormous melon.  The feeling of the restaurant is old school and simple.  Lots of black and white tile with the traditional photos of famous people meeting the owner.  The service is attentive and friendly without being too nice.  After all, it is Philly.  If someone is too nice to you in this town, they're selling you something.I am a member of a profound and prodigious club called the B.E.C., or Big Eaters Club.  There are two ways to gain entry into our debauched society.  The first is to go out with three established members of the B.E.C. to a restaurant with an approved, sizable menu, and with the group, order and devour all the restaurant has to offer.  The second is to completely finish a Zaftig at the Famous Fourth Street Deli.  The first option is easier.
Ezekial F., one passionate member of the B.E.C., first introduced this behemoth of a sandwich to us by bringing an unfinished half of with a scale that dictated its weight: 1.6 pounds.  Half.  1.6 pounds.  Half.  Fitting both slices of bread, with all that meat, between your teeth is akin to trying to fit a bowling ball inside a zip-lock bag.  
The corned beef is surprisingly tender, and generally falls apart with the slightest application of force.  This is particularly important, because towards the end of your meal, if you make it that far, your jaws lack the energy and strength to chew.  The one thing that keeps you going is the high quality of all the ingredients.  
The most die-hard of B.E.Cers will follow this monstrosity with dessert.  Each slice of Checkerboard Cake is as big War and Peace in 14 font.  And the eclairs are as big as my Danskos.  My wife, the founding member of the B.D.E.C. (D for dessert) will split the two of them with me.  The ensuing walk home is spent in a unique balance of comatose, pain and pride.  And then we don't eat for three days.So I only stopped in here to calm my chocolate craving after having a great Cheesesteak from Jims just blocks away.  I decided to go with the peanut buttercup choc cake.  I thought it was a little pricey for a piece of cake ($9.00)  but then she handed me the to-go container.  WOW!! There was essentially a whole cake in there.  I ended up getting 5 servings out of it because it was so big.  It is a dense cake with several layers of peanut butter type icing.  So rich but so good.  Will definately go back and try some of their deli fare and may stay and enjoy the restaurant feel this time instead of taking it to go.One massive piece of carrot cake and I'm in heaven.  I have to resist every time I walk by.....dammit, if only I didn't try it in the first place.  The best and biggest carrot cake with awesome cookies to boot.  This is definitely my sin bin!Sandwiches seem pricey, but the Chicken Noodle soup is out of this world. The staff was very friendly when I went in and the baked goods are ENORMOUS. It's like giant-sized everything!Seriously, every sandwich here is so big it's like a cow with a cracker on each side. I can usually only finish half of a corned beef on rye, the other half goes home and becomes two more meals. Don't let the prices scare you off, quality costs money and you won't be dissapointed by anything on the menu at 4th Street. 
Fun fact....almost every time I'm here I see the owner working....gotta love dedication like that.the portions here are MASSIVE - i mean each order is probably enough for 2-3 people so you definitely get value for your money. 
ingredients are top notch, but the fare is pretty standard jewish deli stuff. the taste is good, but not head and shoulders above any other jewish deli i've been to. they get points for the overwhelming portion sizes, but take that away and its just a good, average jewish deli. 
not spectacular, but would definitely go back once in awhileAmazing sandwiches, enough meat to clot your arteries! But tastes too good to pass up!
Came here for the 1st time with some friends, and really glad I did.
The sandwich portions are huge and the price reflects that also.  I paid $22 after tax and tip for a corned beef reuben.  The sandwiches comes with crispy pickles and some crunchy cole slaw.  The soft bread that comes with it are addicting so you really have to resist getting full on them before your sandwich arrives.
The service is extremely friendly and fast, I love the traditional clean white uniforms the waiters and waitresses have.
It was big enough for me to be full after just eating half of it.  The other half was a delicious leftover meal.Finally, a decade after leaving Los Angeles, I've found a Deli that not only compares to Canters, it's actually better!
Don't let the menu prices scare you away - it's more than worth it in quality and quantity!
First you start with Coleslaw, Pickles, Salted Rye Bread and an Onion Role.
Then comes your sandwich, with a choice of side from a few different salads or potato pancakes.  The size of these sandwhiches are HUGE - enough for two meals, easily!
Lastly, comes the fresh baked Chocholate Chip Cookie for dessert (included).
All of high quality and very tasty!I'm not sure if Fourth Street Deli knows how to get anything wrong! EVERYTHING I have had here has been TOP QUALITY!! But let's get beyond the food here, as delis have to have KILLER desserts in order to claim their place in deli infamoucy (spelling?)....at least in my mind. Here are a list of my favorites: 
1. Peanut Butter Cup Cake (sinful...but worth the visit to confession afterwards)
2. Red Velvet Cake (I'm a southern girl originally...so this is saying A LOT!)
3. Strawberry Shortcake (this might be tied to a childhood fatuation with strawberries)
4. Eclairs (they are as long as a men's size 10 shoe!...."That's what she said!")
Don't forget to sit in the Obama booth with the special plaque! If you come often enough....you are destined to run into a celebrity eventually...they all stop through here! And for good reason!In my opinion the portions are way to large.  Not everyone can or wants to take home an enormous amount of leftovers.  My daughter and I went for lunch and after sticker shock ($22 for a corned beef sandwich) we settled for a breakfast sandwich $7 and a Reuben Deli $8.50.  Both were fabulous!  If they offered a mini version of the sandwiches (roast beef and turkey were $22 each also) it would have been a five stars experience.   The table next to us ordered a slice of confetti cake and they were actually annoyed with it's gigantic size. It literally looked like half a sheet cake!   Nice environment, fabulous wait staff.  Just be forewarned, the sizes are humongous.Portions are ridiculously huge and food is slamming! Fresh meats and breads, tasty...great old school diner atmosphere. The complimentary fresh baked chocolate chip cookie was the icing on the cake to a five star rating!Incredibly rude waitress.  We called and asked when they close.  They said 9.  We arrived at 8:15.  Our waitress was insanely abrupt and told us we had to hurry up because they were closing.  Her attitude was just rude and obnoxious.  After our food came I complimented the kugle and she turned away in the middle of me talking and cut me off saying - "I have to go clean the floor, I cannot talk to you."
Best noodle kugle and best hamentashen I have ever had.
Potato pancakes. Meh?  Sable, pretty good.  Will certainly be back and hope for a waitress who is slightly nice.Definitely the place to visit if you're starving!  Friends and I visited Philadelphia from CA and were astounded at the portions of food.  We decided to order various items from the menu and have a family style meal.  After ordering the corned beef hash with two eggs (scrambled), I expected to see the typical side order of corned beef plus small mound of eggs.  Not so!  The platter brought out to us was a heaping mountain of food with a sliver of eggs sitting on top.  Wait staff was very courteous, other patrons around were friendly.  Next time I'm in town, I definitely would stop here again without hesitation :-)Love It!!!! Went here for breakfast while on the road back to Georgia; FELL IN LOVE! The portions can feed a small army. I had the French Toast... Amazing! Next time I'm in Philadelphia I will define tell be back!!Best Jewish Deli in Philly. I moved here from NYC and this place rates right up there with the Carnegie.  2nd Ave Deli etc..If you don't get to this place you are really missing out....just please please go.  Pancakes, great smoked fish, friendly staff..... irritable old Jewish people waiting and line and complain about everything (my father).  It is just in our blood...  Food is a little steep but I just cannot really say enough good things.
PS, they have added a few burger options now, pastrami burger, corned beef burger, pastrami cheese steak.....hmmmmmMy partner and I got a corned beef sandwich, which was big enough to split. It was an incredible sandwich! Delicious and filling. The only reason this is 4 stars and not 5 is the price. No sandwich should cost $18.Went later in the day to avoid any Sunday brunch crowds. Sandwiches were huge, service was prompt. This was my second time here and it did not disappoint! Will definitely be going back.Amazing bakery. I love their enormous black & white cookies and they make the best chocolate chip cookies in Philly.Got a huge slice of German Chocolate Cake for $9.50. Absolutely delicious and will last our family of 4 days before it's gone.The atmosphere is awesome- I love the window seating and the tile floors/windows.  I like all the ads showing 4th's history on the walls.  I like the layout and hustle bustle.  I worked at the now closed pink rose across Bainbridge for years and lazily never ventured over.  I want to come here every weekend- maybe try some weekdays after work also.
I got a salad it was fresh and humungous and I loved their honey mustard dressing.
My boyfriend got some type of huge ruben sando.  
The pickles put on the table before the meal are so yummy.  Portions are huge.
The only disappointment was the baked goods.  Psyched after the meal, I wanted to get some bread.  The bagels, in my opinion, may as well have been bought from a super market and the loaf of rye was all around too soft and wonder-breadish for my liking (although makes for some killer grilled cheese bread I found out later that day when I was home).  The flavor of the bagel was good, but I am a texture and consistency kind of person.  I got a chocolate dipped macaroon because I was obsessed with those when the pink rose was open.  Yummy very very yummy and the chocolate chip cookies were also very yummy and well done how I like them.
The prices for the baked goods were surprisingly inexpensive!  The sit down menu items are more and should be because the amount you get and the superb quality.Houston, we have a problem! Or shall I say Philadelphia! Their cakes! These cakes are the best cakes I have EVER eaten. Im a cake aficionado and these are it! Moist, fluffy, perfect icing to cake ratio and just YUM! Oh, and did I mention they are HUGE! You get a huge slice of cake big enough for 4 people! I have tried their Banana cake, checker board cake and lemon coconut. I cant wait to try the rest. I look forward to eating these once a month as I have lost 70lbs and only treat myself once a month and let me tell you, this cheat is well worth it! Go get a slice!I've made a personal vow to never live more than 3 blocks away from Famous 4th Street Deli. Luckily, there's two locations.
The sandwiches here are absurdly massive. The pricing is a bit steep but considering any item on the menu could be satisfyingly consumed by 2-3 people, it's not too bad.
I'm a human garbage disposal but regardless I don't operate under the expectation that I'll be able to finish any one of their sandwiches by myself. I eat half, be stuffed, and plan to take the other half home.
As I found out, even their Famous Chicken Soup could easily feed 4-6 people a single serving. (They suggest it serves 2...)
At any rate, everything I've had here is absolutely phenomenal, their chicken soup is probably the best I've had, ever.My wife and I and two small daughters moved to Philly from Brooklyn a few years ago and this place makes it feel like we never left.  (In a good way, to be clear.) To anyone who says the breakfast is expensive, I say this - eggs, a bagel and potato pancakes - $7.  done and delicious.  Yes, the coffee is $2.75 and if you want meat the price nearly doubles ($5 for a side of bacon!!), but you can get a wonderful breakfast for under $10 and let your tourist friends buy the $20 option.
I've never been to the location on 19th, but the one on 4th Street is, well, the "4th Street Deli." Anyway, I prefer not go to 19th Street to go to "4th Street" - I like the 4th Street "4th Street Delicatessen" because its on 4th Street and I like my restaurant names to make sense.  Got it?  (disclaimer - I live a block away.)
Screw brunch, this deli is fantastic.  And they know what "over easy" means.My boyfriend calls 4th St.  "The Land of Giant Foodses"...
There's just no way to argue with that.  I got a ham sandwich, and I think it was probably the largest one I've ever seen in my life.  The food was quite good, and of enormous portions, followed by a slice of tasty godzilla-sized cake.  We shared it, and then finished the other HALF the next day.  I can't fathom how it was cut, except with a saw.  (See posted picture, with forks and hand included for perspective!  Eek!)
I'm not sure that this is the sort of place I'd go on a daily, weekly, or even monthly basis... but it's definitely a great place to go to show off a local eatery to folks from out of town.REVIEW based solely on take out cookies!
The chocolate dipped macaroon was just ok.  I need crunchy exterior and hard dark chocolate sheltering a moist white coconut interior and my needs were not met.
Plus, I bought 3 cookies and the bill came to $8.50! wow.  That is just too expensive for me.  but i wanted.What a perfect sandwich for a cold rainy afternoon. Smoked turkey reuben-awesome eats!  Just funtastic messy yummy goodness that I ended up splitting with my sister. What a freakin huge sandwich!!! I love pickles but sometimes the deli ones are too strong and upset my stomach for days. Today I discovered a "half-done pickle"! Its more of a cucumber taste than a pickle. Crunchier and less vinegar and pickling spices. Very fresh tasting! What's great is you get a big pile of them while you wait for you food. I love this place. I must come back and try their breakfast! Just when I thought I couldn't eat another bite they give you a piping hot chocolate chip cookie-fresh out of the oven! And I thought that was all could shove into my petite little body (well not after today's lunch) when I spotted free samples of huge chunks of  black forest cake! Just as good as the Kibbitz Room in Cherry Hill!I love this deli. We went with our great friends to the 4th St. location, and had an easy time getting in - even on a recent spring Saturday. The food was delicious, the service was excellent, and the portions were out of control (which is the mark of a great deli in my opinion). I had to walk 3 miles afterward to feel normal again, but this place rivals anything in NY - and could even be in my Top 2 deli's of all time. My other favorite is in NYC, but Famous 4th St. is right there in the mix. I will keep going back and trying new things from the menu.Great historical atmosphere. Large doesn't even come close to describing the portion sizes here. Be prepared to share, or take home a bag full. Love taking out of town guests to Famous Fourth Street Deli.Pros: Very large sandwiches that you wouldn't get anywhere else! Ordered Corned Beef Reuban with potato pancakes. The same meal President Obama ordered at the same table. Service was good with even cookies at the end of the meal :) 
Seated right away.....HINT: come 15min before Noon to beat the lunch rush. After finishing our meal the line was out the door
Cons: Price was $22 for meal or $24 for the larger one. A tad salty, but what to expect from lunch meat. 
A lot of famous people have came to this restaurant and would recommend for the enormous sandwiches and experience.This is the best breakfast place in Philadelphia.  Never a line, and more food than one person can comfortably enjoy.
Try the omelette (6 eggs), or the corn beef hash.
Pickle and sour kraut dish that comes out after you sit down is great.Last Sunday we took a friend there for his birthday-we had a party of six-two of whom had never been there-and everybody loved the food! My bialy with nova was to die for, my husband's enormous pastrami omelette was fantastic, my friend who had never been there had a lox and onions omelette and was delighted with it. The oohs and ahs were palpable. I wish I could have brunch here every weekend. Plus, although they don't serve liquor, you can bring it, but they are not permitted to touch it. So we brought a bottle of champagne, and added it to the delicious fresh OJ to make Mimosas. What a feast!Very traditional deli. Extremely generous portions, which are great for sharing. The mini chocolate chip cookies that come with the check are an added bonus. I would go just for the cookies!Delicious food and a great spot for breakfast. The portions are HUGE so my suggestion is be prepared to share. I can certainly see why this spot is famous!I was first and only customer to enter the deli for breakfast.  As I approached the dining area I choose to sit at at table along the low wall .  As I sat down the manager told me to move to one of the tables near the glass wall. I looked at him in shock. He said he has every day cu stomers who come in and he would like them to sit at this table. As I walked over to the other table I realized I must be crazy to except this. I decided to leave. I purposely sat in my car for awhile to see customers  come. In the mount of I time  I would have had my breakfast. Not one person entered during this time. This would not have happen if Russ Cowan still owned the resturantI went to this fine Jewish style,but not kosher delicatessen twice last week and I liked it very much.I had a delicious,humongous pastrami sandwich on pumpernickel bread with a few tasty potato pancakes,plenty of cole slaw and pickles.I also liked the ambience and service at this haimische establishment near vibrant South and 4th Streets.This place is a massive pig out.  Portions are HUGE.  Sandwiches are really good, as was the french toast.  The cookies and rugelach are really, relaly, really good, but I'd stay away from the rest of the desserts.   I liked this place, and it was part of my routine when I lived in the neighborhood.  The biggest problem you're going to have is the feeling of regret after pigging out like that.  To avoid the problem, share a dish between two peopleThe food is great. Everytime I come in I try something new and I haven't had anything bad yet. The portion sizes are ridiculous. You will have left overs guaranteed.good food and large portions.... leave hungry... its your fault.  I do love lunch service far better than breakfast.  Bagels are good !   Corned beef sandwich is a heap of well over a pound of great corned beef cooked to perfection.  The bread is the signature top off.  Don't forget to have dessert on the way out.. that too large portions.... love the cookies!Great monster size sandwiches. Go for the pastrami on rye you won't be disappointed. The health salad an pillars are too notch. And the free chocolate chip cookie is a touch at the end.I feel like I've found home!  I am SO excited to have found Famous 4th Street Deli upon a friend's recommendation.  I don't normally even like delis and diners since I prefer healthier food, but Famous 4th Street Deli breaks all the rules in my book.  
Don't be fooled by the humble setting.  They have great service and an excellent selection of tasty food.  I had really been missing certain hearty foods my family prepares and was so excited to see that they start out with complimentary pickles and cabbage (perfection!) to offering traditional food like kasha and herring, to the many MANY enormous sandwiches on their menu.  Not to mention all their DESSERT options!! (Oops, so far never saved room for dessert - update to come, I hope!) 
So far, I've been for a sit-down lunch once and also for takeout and was pleasantly surprised by the friendly, efficient and knowledgeable service.  I had a lot of questions since I had a tough time picking just one or two things off their huge menu.  They were helpful and welcoming of questions, which I liked.  They didn't make me feel bad for wondering what was in certain dishes, or their opinion on which ones to try. For take-out we waited under 5 minutes for 2-3 dishes.
If you've read one review, you'll also have heard that Famous 4th Street Deli has HUGE portions. I definitely found this true.  
Their soup bowls are enormous, so be prepared to want to stop eating after a bowl of soup (if you take out soup, they offer smaller containers, though!)
For my first visit, I'm glad I listened to my fellow Yelpers and friend and tried their classic Matzo Soup.  Tasty and flavor-rich chicken broth with dill, bits of pulled chicken, bowtie noodles and carrots, it's just cooked to perfection.  You can tell it's made with heart.  And of course, let's not forget the giant matzo ball floating in the middle!  If you can finish the entire thing, then you clearly didn't order a side or second plate.  It's HUGE!
I also had their stuffed cabbage.  Somehow, I was still surprised by the enormous portion.  The cabbage on the outside is soft and tender, and covered in a light red sauce.  The filling is beef, I believe.  Quite tender and tasty as well! 
For take-out I tried their Split Pea Soup upon the server's recommendation that it is a popular dish.  The split pea part of it is pureed, but the chunks of potatoes and bits of carrot were left intact.  They also added some tasty sausage to bring everything together.  I can see why it's a popular dish!  I finished the entire container and wished I had more!  
I also tried their Kasha Varnishka, which is whole buckwheat grains with bowtie noodles served with gravy.  I really enjoyed their take on Kasha - glad I gave this dish a try.OMG!!!! This place is a MUST stop for anyone (local or not). The food is amazing, the portions are huge (you will not leave hungry), service was good, and prices were fair. Word of advice: share your order with someone because you both will get your fill and you'll have food to take home. More advice: get the French Toast. You have not had anything like it and you will wonder why you've been missing out all your life. This should definitely be on your list of places to go. Yum!!!this place is great for breakfast - not the frou-frou-mimosa brunch but the i'm-hungry-and-can't-wait-til-11am-when-the-rest-of-my-crew-is-ready-to-eat breakfast. one of my friends (who is also an early riser thanks to work) and i decided to eat here one weekend morning. i ordered an omelet with lox on the side. it had to have been one of the biggest omelets i have ever encountered in my life....like if it had the capability to brandish weapons, it could easily take over the city. it was delicious and filling. i, of course, had to get lox since this restaurant is known for it. i asked the waitress which type to get since i didn't realize there are so many varieties (i'm a new orleanian - not a new yorker.) i got the nova lox at the suggestion and was very happy with the choice. the lox were so buttery and not too salty. 
my dining companion had a chicken salad sandwich with a side of fruit since this place offers lunch at, seemingly, all hours. her sandwich was also huge (i'm sensing a theme...), and she said it was tasty.
for the variety and quantity of food, the bill was not exorbitant. you could easily split an entree amongst two relatively hungry people, but if you're starving, you could plow through the serving without issue.try their salads.  even though they're over $10, they give you enough for 3 meals.  still love their potato pancakes.  the macaroni salad is too bland, but the bf still obsesses over their chicken salad.  AMAZING bread and great pickles.Since leaving NYC, I have missed some things, mostly food related. I real NYC deli, a la Jewish style, was surely one of them. After a trip to a movie, my wife and I stumbled on the Famous 4th Street Deli. I had heard of it before, I thought, but was not sure. I checked the reviews and they were bangin. I gave my wife the look. She knew. We had to go in and we had to get some grub.
As if the Pearly gates had just been opened, my jaw dropped and I gawked full of awe. Before I knew it, I went nuts. I got a pastrami sandwich, Kasha Varnishkes, and a matzo ball soup. My wife got frankwursts (super big hot dogs!), baked beans, and fries. For my daughter, we got a grilled cheese sandwich. But we were not done. We got a slice of chocolate babka and rainbow  cake. I kid you not, each slice was like it's own cake, both larger than my 2 year old daughter's head.
But no, we were not done yet. I had to take advantage of this rare opportunity. I ordered some white fish salad and a few sesame bagels for the next morning.
We ordered it to go. While waiting we chatted up with the manager. He was super nice. My wife originally ordered the fries as a side that came with her dish, but he suggested we swap it with the Kasha Varnishkes, since we would get a lot more fries as a paid side and about the same Kasha Varnishkes for the same price. He then chatted up the history of the owner. As it turned out, his father ran a chain of deli's in Brooklyn called Radin's.
We grabbed our food and chugged on home to meet our date with some good looking deli grub. If it tasted half as good as it looked we'd feel good about it.
The pastrami sandwich looked like a beast. Just like the NYC delis, they piled it on. I slapped some deli mustard on it and sunk my teeth into this monster. A heavenly sound escaped my mouth. Indeed, it was the real deal. The meat was tender and tasty. I chomped on the sour pickle, which I often have longed to have. The matzo ball soup was awesome. And, the Kasha Varnishkes was fantastic too!
My wife really enjoyed her frankwurst, beans, and fries. I tasted the frankwurst and concur with my wife's thoughts. They were thick and juicy. I also tasted the fries, which were thick crinkle cut. They reminded me of Nathan;s fries. I really liked them. I also tasted my daughter's grilled cheese sandwich. It was a grilled cheese sandwich for the goods. The cheese was thick and not your average American cheese. The bread was toasted just right. Our meals were all great.
I purposely paced myself so I'd have room for desert. After chowing our meals, I whipped out the chocolate babka and rainbow cake. The chocolate babka was really good. But the rainbow cake was beyond outrageous. Each color was a different flavor. They was yellow cake and brown cake which were traditional. Then there was red velvet cake (red). And, there was green. I am not entirely sure what flavor it was, but it too was good. The cake was super moist, just how I like it. And, it was surrounded with chocolate frosting. The craziest part was how much was left.
The next morning I got to experience the bagel and white fish salad. The bagel was pretty good. The white fish salad was near perfect. It was smooth enough to be more than just fish, and chunky enough to remind me that it's made of real fish. I loved it so.
I'm so glad I finally found a deli to take me home to my NYC days.So when I accepted the invitation to Rosh Hashanah dinner at my friend's house, I said, "What can bring?"  To which she replied, three challahs, two plain, one raisin. Yeah, she's cooking for 25 guests and I'm going from Philadelphia to Washington, DC for the shindig. 
I'm thinking, "Where can I get three round challahs for the holiday that will be fresh baked and I can pick up on my way to 30th Street?"  Famous 4th Street in Rittenhouse. 
So I call in advance and order them and pick them up on my way to the train. 
They were fresh and delish. My friend, the host, mentions that the challahs and I came from Philadelphia. 
"Oh, where in Philadelphia?" say one of the dinner guests.
"Famous," I reply. 
"Oh, of course, we go there all the time when we visit our so and so in Philadelphia."  
Too funny.This is the best NYC style Jewish deli you will find in Philly. (Hymies is 2nd). You get complimentary pickles and delish coleslaw, along with rye & onion bread. Te sandwiches are ginormous (I advise sharing). I had the pastrami and turkey and couldn't be happier. The waiter gave me and my date a free cookie each, still not sure of it was because it was our first time or if it's a usual thing. Also, the food comes VERY quick!Was visiting Philly for the weekend with friends. We came here before taking off on a Sunday morning and had a great breakfast! Pickles and slaw were awesome. My egg breakfast sandwich was PERFECTLY cooked--crispy, no soggy parts, lots of egg and veggies. The service was excellent. Our waiter, (Michael?), was very friendly. The cookies at the end of the meal were a great surprise.I am officially done with Famous.  After a three strikes your out promise I gave myself, they are officially out.  The three most glaring issues:  1.  the extremely over priced menu.  2.  The refusal of them to give me a slice of lox to my 1 year old daughter instead of a $15 side order of it (plus the attitude I got for requesting it, even though I obviously offered to pay for it).  3.  The matzo ball soup that I rely on when I am not feeling good tasting horrible the last couple times.  I am officially DONE!Wow.  Reading some of the "quick tips",  you might think twice (bland food?,  "abrasive staff")   Really?  Hmmm... and I thought I was "hyper-sensitive".
Visitors might want to delve deeper than a cursory look at this place.
This ain't no diner.   This is a Deli, with food and portions that can only be compared to NYC's BEST.   (as a matter of fact, the entire back page of their menu is dedicated to sandwiches named after NYC streets, including Brooklyn)   (mmmmm.... Bay Parkway)
While I smiled with slight hint of smugness,  I allowed my former-fellow Philly-ites to pull this off with their regional charm and hospitality.
A little slow on the seating, but that's what happens when every table is filled.  This is a good sign.
My older brother-in law is a fan of tongue, and his $15 sandwich was stacked.  My BLT on Rye,  was equally so,  but the quality, and the slight sweetness of the bacon was what stood out here.
Prompt service, all the way around. 
Nice touch with the small chocolate chip cookies, in a wax paper bag to wrap it up.
Needless to say, we took our second halves home.I moved hear recently and was told by many people that I have to check this place out.  I walked there on a weekend and walked into a clean and friendly environment.  The workers were helpful, funny and engaging.  They gave me suggestions and I loved the Pastrami!!  I'm usually not a big fan of Deli's, I sometimes find them boring, but this place has some great food and great people working at it!  If you're in the neighborhood, and you're craving a sandwich, there's no where else that can curb hunger like 4th street can!This place is a winner in my book!
True, if you eat here more than once a month, the blood in your arteries will be replaced by cholesterol instead.
True, the syrup they provide with their breakfast items is chiefly a combination of corn syrup and high fructose corn syrup, This is definitely more of a BYOMS place, bring your own maple syrup.
True, if you walk in here thinking that you're just going to have a sandwich for dinner, your eyeballs will bulge once you look at the prices on the menu.
But!!! If any restaurant were modeled on heaven, this would surely be the place.  Your meal actually starts with a small selection of complimentary pickles and delicious bread, before the waiter brings your sandwich out.  These are top-notch deli sandwiches with enormous portions served in a spotless, mostly-white restaurant that shines by attentive and friendly staff.  
The portions really are ENORMOUS - enough to make two or three hearty meals. But after your eyeballs are done bulging at the size of these things, the meats are moist, savory, and flavorful.  The service is super friendly and attentive. And they give you chocolate chip cookies with the check. 
Bottom line: Go for the full fat corned beef if you're getting corned beef. Come hungry.Spent the afternoon wandering Open Studios earlier this month. Needed to recharge and the inner-carnivore steered me here. Ordered the Corned Beef and Pastrami sandwich, Zaftig-size, + side of lattkes with complimentary sides of cole slaw & pickle. Consumed all. Check arrives with two free choc chip cookies. Scarfed in 2 bites. All so Yummy! Almost forgot Katz's exists. Congenial service. Cute cashier. No regrets but vowed to consume only kale and broccoli for a week.Do NOT come here alone unless you are a big eater. The portion of one sandwich is enough to feed two people. Came here with a friend of mine on our lunch break and glad we did. The complimentary cole slaw/pickles were sooooo good! I think my friend enjoyed it a lot more than I did...lol. We split the turkey club and it was perfect! We did have to take it apart and form two sandwiches with our halves, but it was fun trying to "put it back together"
To put the icing on the cake, when the check was presented, they gave us free cookies!! The cookies were AMAZING. Warm and soft and melts in your mouth. I loved it so much, I asked my server how much it was. They don't sell them bc they are sample size, so he gave me some more without question. Service was beyond nice and fast! Loved every experience. I will see you again Famous 4th Street Dekucatessen!! :-)Its a small old-school deli that serves up some pretty good breakfast sandwiches.  I had the ham, egg, and cheese and it was oozing cheese!  The home fries stole the show.  I've had home fries at every diner I've been too, and these were by far the best!  I'm giving it 4 stars because for what it is, its pretty good!Breakfast was sweet. Just remember, TWO people for every ONE entree. The omelets are massive six-egg omelets. An order of eggs is three eggs. The "side" of corned beef hash is a mound that even bigger guys would be hard-pressed to finish. The corned beef hash entree is a 3lb mountain.I was in Phila today. When i asked my son if we could go to the 
Reading Terminal market  to have pastrami from Hershels...he said noway!  They stumbled upon the 4th st deli a few weeks ago and could not wait to take us there.
I'll get straight to the point: The hot pastrami sandwich was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my life..The sandwich was massive and the pastrami melted in you mouth.  We also tried the Matzo Ball soup...so yummy! Everything they had was gigantic and delicious!  Cant wait to go back!!!!One of the remnants of a dying breed.  This is the REAL DEAL when it comes to delicatessens, and they even carry Cel-Ray tonic. Pickles delivered to the table just like in the great deli houses of NYC. The food is so good you'll be talking like an old Jewish man for the rest of the day!  OY VEY, it was delicious!The routine Sunday discussion began: "Where should we go for lunch?" Reply: "We do not want to wait at Sabrina's and do not think Morning Glory is that good." Suggestion: "How about we walk down to Famous'? You said you want a sandwich!" So we walked to Famous', waited about 5 minutes in line and were seated in the windowed porch area. Our server was so nice and I love the pickles as appetizers. Husband and I had the same sando with different accessories, but neither could finish more than a half. That's okay, it saved me from making dinner during a Phillies game!4th street deli in Rittenhouse is more convenient than the original location on South Street. Food quality seems to be the same at either location. Both places offer food just as good as you would find in NYC.
As others have noted, the items here are usually giant sized and feed 2 people.
Highlights:
- Corned beef hash with a fried egg
- I love the pickles and coleslaw you get for free when you sit down
- Hot Pastrami
- Corned Beef
- Potato Pancakes
They hook you up with a cookie to go for free also.The delicious food was made perfect by our prompt, thoughtful and kind host, Erin. Thank you for a wonderful dining experience!Great authentic, unpretentious, no-wait brunch choice.  Portions are enormous and food is always solid.  Challah french toast is deadly-maaaaazing, some combo of breakfast/churro/funnel cake.  
Pastries are also worth their own visit - black and white cookie the size of your face, hamentashen my out-of-state friends beg for, and an eclair that could sub as a birthday cake.  Nom nom.  Go!Love, in all shapes and sizes and forms...
Wait, did i tell u, Im in love ? Order it all, eat it all, will not get into the details for once, but its all awesomeness and no less!Went 2 weeks ago and it was a horrendous experience I will never repeat.  I ordered something on the menu, matjes herring.  The waiter came back and told me they don't have it at this location,  Annoying, but ok.  I ordered lox on a bialy and I was told no, they don't put sandwiches on bialys.  No explanation.  I was just chastised as if I was a child.  I asked for the manager.  Nicole came over and I very calmly told her what happened and I am not kidding, she sneared and then giggled.  She went away so I went up to the counter.  As she saw me approach she got on the phone and stayed there.  My waiter came up to tell me I was out of control.  WTH!!!  Then he pointed to a disclaimer on the menu saying we only make what is on the menu.  Everything I ordered was on the menu.  It was the worst dining experience I have had recently.  I had been there several times recently but my dining partners and I will NEVER go back.  The food may be OK but the customer service is awful.  Oh, and then our waiter was either removed from serving us or chose not to, not sure which.  I asked the lovely replacement who would get the tip because he was an ass.  She whispered to me that she thought so too. I gave 1 star because Yelp would not let me give zero,Hard to find a good Jewish deli outside of NYC but this place is very good. As you would expect the food portions are huge and the pickles brought to your table are not the grocery store variety, very tasty. I shared a tuna sandwich with my wife and we still had enough tuna left over for another 2 people. Price is very reasonable and the service was pleasant and timely. Do not pass up the bakery offerings. Had a chocolate dipped macaroon, mmmmmmm.Delicious Jewish Deli.  Center city Philly really needed a good jewish deli, and couldnt have asked for something better.  Really good for any meal, but I usually come for weekend brunch.  The menu is huge and so are the portions.  The funniest thing is to see the faces of first time customers when they get their meal...their eyes get so big at the portions.  
So what to get?  Well...you have to get the matzo ball soup, no doubt.  Other great things are the kippered salmon salad sandwich, anything with lox, grilled cheese with bacon, the latkes, corned beef on rye, the fresh toast (which tastes like doughnuts), the almond rugelach, and the chocolate dipped macaroons.  If you don't want a ton of food, get the breakfast sandwiches.
Mazel Tov to the Cowans :)I am a huge sweets person and I will say the giant oversized cake slices are just what any dessert eater needs.  Its 2lbs of the best thing youll ever put in your mouth.  The cookies however are sub par. BEst cakes=coconut lemon, german chocolate and the strawberry cheesecake. AMAZING!!!!!i've been here many times with my husband. the prices are a little high and then you get your order. its an insane amount of food piled high on to a plate. we try to strategize how to order less because we feel so bad leaving so much when we leave. its just not possible. just order what you like and be prepared for a monster amount of food. the food itself is amazing. i've never had anything i didn't love. the wait can be a little much especially on the weekends. try to head there early.Without a doubt, this is the best Jewish deli in Philadelphia. Value is the key word here. The quality and portions are phenomenal. 
Yesterday, I took my girlfriend here for breakfast. I told her about the corned beef hash. It sure as hell isn't like Armor or Hormel! This is homemade corned beef hash with onions, peppers, and chunks of potatoes. The flavor is indescribably delicious. And the portions.......  For $14 you get a pile of CB hash with two eggs, and a side. There is so much hash on your plate, you can only eat a small portion. You'll have enough leftovers for days. Girlfriend got a sausage, egg sandwich on a bagel, which she could only eat half of. 
Everything here is top quality- the meats, smoked fish, the decadent baked goods. The owner, Russ Cowan, really knows his business. When I come for lunch or dinner, I usually get the Reuben Sandwich, which is all that as well. 
This place is the bomb!great food not worth the price..12 bucks for a burger..and the waitress acks like she has a stick in her ass. not a welcoming envinvironment..and if the staff dont have nothing to do they stand back and watch you,,like i said not comfortable...Famous Fourth Street is a Jewish Delicatessen on steroids.  The prices seem high until you get your order. A friend of mine and I had lunch here.  I saw the sandwiches the people were eating who sat around us, and I couldn't believe it.  I ordered the chicken salad sandwich, and my friend had an egg white omelette with home fries and toast.  
The chicken salad was incredibly underwhelming in terms of flavor and design. Granted it's the size of three sandwiches, it was basically mayo and boiled chicken (it was chewy and not easy to eat).  The rye bread was pretty good, though.  My friend's omelette had to take 12 egg whites to make. He seemed to like it, and he also had plenty of the potatoes. He gave me his toast, and it was very good.  
If you're looking for two or three meals in one, come to Famous Fourth Street.  There is plenty of seating, and the service is fast.  They fill your water regularly, and you will probably be amazed.  I hear their pastrami and other traditional sandwiches are amazing.  I guess I'll have to go back and try one.The food is half fantastic, unimaginably good and then ordinary, bland.
Kind of distracted service.
The portions are absurdly large.
Thronged for Sunday brunch.I'm not much of a Jewish deli kind of guy, but the breakfast at famous 4th is awesome.
I enjoy a pastrami sandwich here and there, and Famous 4th's is exceptional, but what I really love is the breakfast. Their portions are huge. A lot of places make up for average food with big portions, Famous 4th is not one of those places. Their omelets are fabulous, home fries are delicious and rye toast is (obviously) wonderful. I occasionally grab a breakfast sandwich there, and it is very worth it, loaded with meat (bacon is always crispy). 
This is another great breakfast spot, just wish they were open earlier on weekendsSomehow in the span of three days I found enough excuses to eat here two times. 
Misson 1: Went in for dinner. Had the Matzo ball soup. It's a huge matzo ball. It's good soup. Somewhere, someone's mom is proud that this soup is being made. A hot pastrami sandwich also made an appearance. Delicious and so huge that we had enough for lunch the next day. It's a ton of food. Pickles and pickled cabbage graced our table - delightful addition to the meal. 
Mission 2: Brunch. I had a craving for whitefish salad on bagel. So we got the corned beef hash with eggs (the waiter warned us it was huge, and he was right) and a side of whitefish salad + bagel. Whitefish salad is some of the best I had ever. Lots of big chunks of whitefish in it, not too much mayo. Dreamy. The corned beef hash was also good. Coffee was tasty, strong, but nothing spectacular. French toast was bring ordered by every second table and looked good as well. Pickles and pickled cabbage returned as well. Was glad to have it even though I'd had it the two days prior (dinner/leftovers).
Highly recommended.Famous? yes. Giant sandwiches? yes. 
This place is honestly a must try in Philadelphia, their deli meats are top notch and my coworkers even got a platter to split which they loved. I'm only giving 3 stars because it's not worth it for someone who is vegetarian, like me, to really need those options and the egg salad sandwich i did order was simply O.K.
That being said its a great experience and you are almost certainly guaranteed a meal for the next day because no one can finish those!Food excellent. Service Excellent. Ambiance excellent. Portion size: Huge and stupid. These guys NEVER learned that LESS is MORE. No, I'm NOT impressed that food is delivered to the table by crane. Maybe I would be if the price was downsized. But, no, prices are huge too. Seventeen bucks for a sandwich. Nineteen for a salad. Come on.... Yes, you take extra home.... So you end up lugging food.... Halve the sizes! Halve the prices! Hotspur.The matzoh ball and split pea soup are awesome! They come in huge portions. Actually, everything comes in huge portions. If you order a platter, good luck trying to finish it.
Everything tastes great. What I've personally had and can attest to:
-the pastrami sandwich/bagels
-any of the breakfast platters.. esp the corned beef and hash
-lox and bagels.
But, I keep coming back for the split pea soup and matzoh ball soup. They're soooo good.
Especially since the winter has been cold and wet, a huge portion of hot soup really does the trick, especially if your not in the mood for a bowl of Pho, Ramen, or some other asian noodle soup.
The free pickles here definitely beat those at Schlesinger's Deli.
The free cookies at the end are also an awesome gesture.
The service is also very prompt and friendly.
I think the food is priced perfectly because you really get both quantity and quality.
Did I mention the split pea and matzoh ball soup is awesome?Ate here for lunch and the sandwiches are completely massive. Instead of paying $16 for a sandwich that weighs a pound, I'd rather have an $8 sandwich that weighs half a pound. I feel they do this for the novelty effect.  Other than that, the sandwich was tasty.
Food Quality/Taste =  3 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 4 Stars
Price = 2 Stars
Service = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 1 StarsHUGE portions. HUGE. 
Sterile white environment with a deli in the back. As I emphasized, the portions are massive here, and the prices somewhat reflect that. 
Came here with a group of five after dinner to sample the rainbow cake, which is a four layer cake with red velvet, chocolate, vanilla, and green pudding (pistachio) with a topping of chocolate frosting and sprinkles. A decadent slice (1.5-2 inches thick) that was more than enough for five people = $9.95 = great deal. 
The cake itself was probably one notch better than your local grocery store's. The cake was moist, the frosting a little too sweet and sugary, but like my friends we thought the green pudding flavor tasted the best of the four. 
Would love to try their matzo ball soup one day, as I've heard good things.It's a great jewish deli, with massive portions sizes. Great! I had a pastrami reuben sandwich which lasted me two meals and made perfectly. The bread was grilled to perfection, lots of kraut and enough sauce, and a solid 3 inches of meat. No complaints there at all. Everything else ordered at our table got good marks too: nova sandwich, salmon and onion scramble, nova and pastrami sandwich, etc. Getting a cookie at the end is a nice touch too. Also, the complimentary pickles and coleslaw were great, and I think the ingredients are chosen for great quality.
The reason this isn't a 5 star place is that it's massively overpriced. Yes I get it, you have huge portions, but I'm still not convinced that $17 for what I consider 1.5 sandwiches is worth it. $20 for a nova sandwich served on a bagel? That's easy to finish in one sitting so you don't even get a second meal from that one. 
Loved the food, just not sure I can really justify the price.Place is decent. I get the appeal or whatever of these monstrous sandwiches and all the celebs on the wall and pretending like you're a jew or whatever and kibitzing on a Saturday morning, but the meats aren't that amazing and all the huge sandwiches are overpriced and just too difficult to eat. 
I've never understood the purpose of dining novelty. With retail it makes sense. You buy the product, maybe your friend sees your goofy sunglasses, they get some, and so on and so forth. However, with food I usually look for a consistent product that tastes good and isn't too hard on the wallet and this place really doesn't satisfy any of that criteria. And with food you reallyyyy want repeat business. Once you've been here one time and tried to wrap your mouth around a zaftig or whatever, the novelty is over and you have little reason to return.  
Although, it is kinda one of the only Jewish deli type places in the city. Which as sad as it is you have to respect. And it's got a nice look, and is quote-unquote famous. So I give it some props for that. The cookies given at the end are scrumptious. The matzo ball soup is so so and the whitefish salad is actually surprisingly good. I just think they should get rid of the novelty aspect and focus on a little more on quality and bang for your buck, but they're in so deep with this indoctrinated nonsense of tmj distressing sandwiches that it might be too tough to climb out.  
Oh and a personal anecdote; I used to get fountain sodas to go here. They cost 3 dollars and are not even big!! Also, I specifically called from my friends place to see if I could get a refill and I was told yes. Then when I walked out in the freezing cold with my empty cup I was rather rudely told I'd have to buy another soda contradicting what I was told previously. And when I asked since I walked down here in the cold could I just maybe have one soda and I won't come back for refills again I was again rudely told no. Its freaking soda. Get over yourself people. I actually forgot about this little incident before I started writing this review, but now I'm getting quite heated recollecting it. In the words of Stephanie Tanner, "how rude!"Huge portions, excellent deli breakfast. Had the ham and cheese omelet (couldn't finish it), with outstanding French fries. Very good.
Wife had a fried egg with bacon on wheat toast. Homemade breads were wonderful (wheat and pumpernickel).Look around before you order so you know what you're getting into -- we ordered soup -- a bowl each -- and sides (a bagel and potato pancakes) and when we left, it looked like we'd eaten nothing.  The portions are HUGE.  
The matzo balls are bigger than your head.  But apparently really really good (I'm not the best judge of that, but I will take my dining companion's word on that).  The chicken soup is really tasty, with plenty of chicken and carrots, and a good amount of dill in the broth.  Bagels are bagels.  Excellent even hours later if you can't finish them.  The potato pancakes were crispy and creamy, served with applesauce (by request -- I think they normally come with sour cream) which was definitely homemade.  
Sandwiches look great, also bigger than your head, but we didn't venture there.  
The place has a nice vibe -- great hex tile floors, Deco light fixtures, and super clean.If you're looking for an enormous sandwich with a superfluous amount of meat, here it is. This is a NY style deli in philly :D
That means PASTRAMI!!! The corn beef and roast beef are also awesome. There's enough meat in these to split them up into 4-6 sandwiches. But you get it all at once!
Getting the cole slaw side and putting your sweet slaw inside the sandwich is a good combo too.
And the chocolate chip cookies you get with the check are actually pretty awesome too.
I left it at 4-stars because of the hefty price. $15 sandwiches.Was there for the 1st time today with 5 friends.  What portions OMG my friend & I shared a tuna platter we chose to have just cole slaw or fruit as our sides.  Great tuna & plenty to take home.  Another friend chose cheese blintzes delicious inside & out & the portion was enough for 3 to share.  Waiter was helpful & he gave us an order of chocolate chip cookies to go just in case we got hungry.  No wonder they have been in business since 1923.  A must if you are in Philly.In general I'm not a fan of the whole "charge a ridiculous amount of money for a mountain of food" trend that's been happening in recent years, but, hey, we're in a recession & people want more bang for their buck, so I'll bite.  What I REALLY don't appreciate, though, is being charged a ridiculous amount of money for a mountain of bland, tasteless food that's better off in the trash than on my plate.
Tried the matzo ball soup, which came out more like a matzo asteroid in an under-seasoned broth.  Took one taste and pushed it away.  My friend got the pastrami sandwich.  All meat, nothing else.
I've heard their cookies/desserts are good, but I definitely won't be back anytime soon to give them a try.I am a big fan of 4th St deli. The ambiance is perfect. It has charm, an old feel, but is really clean and well run. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I think they have the best Jewish deli food in Rittenhouse by far, and much better hours and service than the competition.
The price point is high, but it is worth it. The reuben is really good. The toppings add some good moisture, which the plain meat does leave wanting a bit. The potato pancakes are really phenomenal too, as is the apple sauced.
If it were cheaper I would eat here every day, but for now it will be a once in a while thing when the craving hits.Oversized and Overpriced - as Lori H. so succinctly said.
My DD and I went here for Shavuos/Shavuot and shared a single blintz ($5.00) which was overly stuffed with "meh" sweet cheese filling and served with "blueberry glop".  DD was upset - she wanted real fruit.  She's 6 - she knows what good is.  She told me later that she liked "last year's place" (Delicatessen - they no longer do dinner) better.  We always have jewish-style food and blintzes on Shavuot.  (google it.)
The latkes (1/2 order is 5 latkes - PLENTY) were delish and the Dr. Browns and Fresh OJ worked, but the fried kreplach (they very same ones that I love in the soup) are deep-fried.  Yuck. So disappointed - I wanted pan-fried.  Never again.  The came topped with a mountain of greasy fried, sweet onions (OK - but a grease fest).
Our server Claudine was accomodating and we like her!
But to get that 4th Star back, I guess I'll just have to stick to the soup.  (I get the Chicken soup with Matzoh balls and Kreplach (I like both and will pay the extra charge.)  It comes in a vat and I take nearly everything home.
It was $27 (plus tip) for 3 appetizers, 2 drinks and 1 enormous (and woefully dry) $3.75 sugar cookie with sprinkles.  We have enough for lunch the next day.
Oh - and per our server - don't get the giant black & whites.  They're dry.
So sad to have to downgrade - but the truth's the truth.
All that said - I'll be back for soup soon with my gal pals. And "new" pickles (half sours).  Love those.  And I will try the Kasha.  Hope it's better than Herschel's.I ate here yesterday. I ordered the brisket sandwich. The sandwich was so big it turned me off. I also thought the meat was extremely dry and somewhat flavorless. I removed a significant amount of meat from a half on the sandwich and packed it for my flight back to Wi. I asked for some horseradish which helped.
The complimentary cole slaw and pickles were fabulous as was my Dr Brown's Cel-Ray. I would try it again and have something other than a sandwich.
Good cookies came with the bill. Nice touch.I've been coming here since I was about 14 years old, my grandmother loved this place!! Years later it's still one of my most recommended spots, especially for a Reuben!I like the thick bacon here.also I think this place has one of the best cheesesteaks on Philly. Bit pricey though.A major disappointment:
French toast halah was reminiscent of deep fried Twinkies, potato salad was bland, knish/ hot dog combo was a deep fried mass with no potato flavor, potato pancakes were nothing more then a crispy lipid delivery system.
However wait staff was very pleasant. Someone is spinning in their grave in Brooklyn. Saul NeedleHaving been to Katz's in NYC, I knew to expect a heaping amount of meat. I shared just one pastrami sandwich and it was just the right amount considering that they provide complimentary pickles, cole slaw, and breads. I don't like pickles so I didn't really touch them, the breads were good to fill us while we waited and I remember the heaping amount of cole slaw was a bit too saucy for me to attempt to finish. I got a tiny side of macaroni salad which I liked and there are also free cookies with the check!Only because my favorite Deli (Rachel's Nosherai) is now closed on Sunday due to a death in the family, and because my favorite cousins suggested it, we four had brunch today at the 19th street branch of the 4th Street  Famous Deli.  This is the perfect number of people to share a meal at the Famous, since its owner is busy charging exorbitant prices for enormous portions of mediocre food, that are edible only by a family of four. 
     When we entered this establishment, we saw a bemused couple seated in front of a mound of corn beef hash the size of a small infant, about twelve inches long and four inches high.. We commented to them that it was enough to feed a family of four but they disagreed and showed us that it was more than enough for a family of eight. 
      My wife and I agreed to share a single smoked fish sandwich, by ordering an extra portion of pumpernickle. I ordered my favorite, jumbo whitefish on rye with cream cheese tomato and onion. My cousin remarked, only half in jest" Remember to ask them to remove the tail".
      What came to the table was a fresh four inch slice of jumbo white fish, freshly cut of the fish both sides, untouched by human hands. Having worked in a number of Delis I proceeded to filet the fish myself , carefully cutting along the backbone inside and then removing the spine and ribs on one side and picking out the spineless ribs on the other and then pulling the skin away from the two fresh moist filets. 
     The rye and pumpernickel was sliced much too thick for our tastes. About a half inch thick. I then smeared the cream cheese on the bread, added the fish and the tomato and onion, sliced the two sandwiches in half and presented one on my wife's  plate. The resulting sandwiches I had created were delightful, made from wholesome ingredients. But I wondered why I was paying the Deli for making my own sandwiches.My man and I both loved this place. The interior is gorgeous, staff was great, food was better... I can't wait to go back! Best thing about this place is that, at least for me, it has the power to make you forget you're in Philly, especially if you sit with your back to the window.. There's just something shmagical about it. Go and order everything!!!I've eaten here probably 20 times, it never disappoints. Its always clean and well lit and food comes out pretty quickly for a sit-down place.
While the sandwiches and entrees are pricey and daunting in size, the leftovers will last you for days. Alternatively, you can opt for a side order, which are big enough to constitute a meal alone--my fave is the corned beef hash side, for $7.50 it's enough food for two meals. I highly recommend their corned beef, pastrami, tuna salad, whitefish salad, and red velvet cakeThis place is AMAZING. Although be warned, the portions are out of control. The first time I went with a couple of friends, we were unaware of this and thus each ordered a separate menu item. We were absolutely shocked when the french toast turned out to be an entire loaf of challah, and the portion of corned beef hash was bigger than our face. Considering that any one portion could feed a family of four, you're getting a lot of food for your money. Although we didn't make a dent in any of our individual meals, we were able to share and everything was fantastic. 
The staff was super friendly and very graciously boxed the rest of our meal to take home. You also get pickles as a appetizer (if you sit down after 11am), and get cookies when you pay! Very sweet.Loved the food and the portions! The matzo ball soup was simple yet so delicious. Also had the pastrami special on rye... they had to role me outta there! Not to mention the slaw and the pickles were fantastic. I will be back.Had wonderful bagels and shared a chicken salad platter. Everything was fresh. Ate waaaaaay more than we wanted to!!!No doubt, I will be visiting this place every time I hit Philadelphia. The sandwiches were so large that me and my family (4) could have shared just 1. We ordered so much food (by accident) that we ate for 4 days. I ordered a "lean" corned-beef sandwich and found that even the non-lean sandwich was leaner than any other deli I've ever been to. The corned-beef hash was delicious and I could eat it all day.I had the biggest sandwhich ever here!  Almost a pound of  meat going into my belly 
Im glad I don't live in Philly because I would probably be here everyday eating sandwhiches that are bigger than my face.The portions are huge and delicious!  Everything you'd look for from a Jewish deli. :)I live one block away this deli and it's one of the most dependably wonderful places in the neighborhood. The sandwiches seem expensive at first glance, but it's the perfect amount to split between two people-- they are seriously stacked. They also have great smoked fish that you can pick up for the road. The service is friendly and incredibly fast. Just a great establishment.The sandwiches here were just alright for me. Nothing really remarkable about it except for their size. (That's what she said)
As everyone's mentioned, you're basically getting the meat for two sandwiches on one sandwich hence the hefty price tag. 
Not bad, just... it's just a really big sandwich.The latkes are worth stopping in for, the rest of the menu is overpriced and/or oversized.  If you want to have a sandwich and come home with a doggie-bag with enough lunchmeat to make three more sandwiches Famous would be the place for you.  Personally, they just don't fit the bill for me.  I prefer Slessinger's or Rachel's.Holy crap, after years of procrastinating to sign up for a yelp account, I finally did just so I could leave a review of this place. I followed the recommendations of others and waited until the lunch rush was over. I almost had the place to myself, and the waitress was great. 
I ordered the Pastrami. HOLY FREAKING CRAP this ranks as one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. SO good. I don't even like rye bread and this bread was great, soft and flavorful. The meat was so juice if you squeezed the sandwich, it just poured out juices. It is expensive, but it's two meals worth of food because the sandwiches are HUGE!!!
I may go back for a second meal tonight once I get through my food coma. Do yourself a favor. GO GO GO GO. You will not be disappointed!I hate to admit this since I've lived in Philadelphia for over a year, but this is the first time my husband I have eaten at the 4th Street Delicatessen. I wish I would've discovered this gem when we first moved here! I'm hooked! I ordered the corned beef Reuben and my husband ordered a mushroom omelette. From the garlicky half sour pickles, to the slightly sweet slaw, everything was ah-mazing! My Reuben was the best I've ever had, but I couldn't eat all of it so I brought half of it home. 
The wait staff were very friendly and attentive as well. We'll definitely be back again and again. Next time we go (probably tomorrow) I'm ordering the Challah French Toast. It looked absolutely divine.I'm a huge pastrami fan and often times you go to places that have pastrami meat, they have pastrami meat that's so thick and chewy that it's like you're gnawing on a piece of animal hide or something.
This place definitely knows what's up with making these kinds of sandwiches. I ended up getting a pastrami sandwich w/ coleslaw and a side of potato cakes.
The server was quite helpful in determining what kind of sandwich we would want based on our preferences and also gave recommendations on what's been popular or special.
It's a bit on the pricey side seeing as how a sandwich is about 20 bucks, but at least the portions are decent. 
I must say I left this place satisfied and am definitely willing to come back to try all the other foods on their menu.Being from the South where real Jewish delis are few and far between, I was pleasantly surprised by the pastrami sandwich here. It's perfectly cooked and although massive I got 3 sandwiches out of 1. The potato salad is awesome too!  Try the chocolate peanut butter cake...so delicious!Come in a group. The food overflows on the plates and it's worth every dollar you pay. Had the brisket which was fork tender and latkes were phenomenal. For what you pay for here, you can feed a family of four.Pastrami sandwich was huge and everything I'd hoped it would be- amazing! Meat was tasty and tender, and as many have said, the sandwich was big enough for two. 
Got pick-up and the place was clean and inviting. Only drawback was the girl at the counter- she was unbelievably rude both on the phone and when I got there to pick-up. Hopefully just a fluke, would definitely give it another try.Pastrami, Corned Beef, Knishs, Latkes, Pickles....the options in Philly are limited.  Thank bubbe for the Famous location on 19th.  Since my favorite little deli closed there has been a dearth of good deli options.  Famours saves the day as usual.  If you want a sandwich you need to eat with your hands AND a fork then this is your place.  The quintissential piled high New York sandwich that feeds a small village (or me for two days) is whats on order here.  Enjoy, knosh, geviltafish...whatevahThe food is good. The service, not so much. Maybe management should take the smartphones away from the wait staff so they can concentrate on the customers. I wouldn't count on it though.Our brand-new (2 days on the job) waitress seemed overwhelmed - but somehow got us through a decent enough lunch.  I had my usual - Matzoh Ball Soup (served in a vat) with Kreplach added.  (And a Diet Dr. Brown's Cream Soda).
Classic , heavy, jewish-deli-insipred fare served in HUGE portions with prices to match,
Whatever you are getting - soup, salad or sandwich - SPLIT IT with a friend. (Or take 1/2 home).
Gut-busting, not mind-blowing but good.
Oh - and the smaller sized cookies the give you with the bill?  I wish they sold that size - perfect!Great food, huge servings....and I mean HUGE.  These guys put Cheesecake Factory to shame!  Knishes were the only bad thing we had.  Kreplach and Latkes were amazing...and the noodle Kugel was phenomenal.  The Reuben was large and in charge.
We ordered a PIECE of German Chocolate Cake to go.  The  waiter told us not to get two slices and that 1 would feed us both with more to spare.  Took the cake home, weighed it on my shipping scale....any guesses how much it weighed?
The slice of cake was 2.8 lbs.
Waiter also gave us 4 cookies since it was my girlfriends birthday.
WOULD COME AGAIN....and AGAIN....and AGAIN!  TRUE NY-style deli.I'm really glad that this location opened up in Center City.  It's easily within walking distance and I'm oddly proud to bring out-of-town visitors there to give them a taste of what amazing food and variety Philly has to offer.  
The ambiance is exactly like the original location which is great for continuity since I really liked going to 4th Street.  The service is really friendly and usually prompt unless it's ridiculously busy.  The sandwiches are enormous and delicious, but I prefer eating breakfast food here.  My favorites are the corned beef hash, salmon hash (both HUGE portions) and the challah french toast.  What I love is that the food here is no-frills and just plain good, almost like your mom had made a homecooked meal for you.  I also like that the portions are shareable - which may be an understatement - and good for big groups and families.  
And to top it off, everyone gets a free, warm cookie along with the check.  Yum.Just had the hot pastrami on rye...........top of the line.  You can't go wrong here.  Couldn't finish the whole thing because it was huge.  If you are hungry and want great food then this is where you need to be.Umm yes. This time it was brunch, on 4th street. I swear to God someone should have taken a photo of my face when I saw that plate of corned beef hash. My eyes were like two baseballs. What!? Thats IS my plate? You mean me and this entire right section of the deli, right? No? What do you mean, no? Am I feeding an african village with it too? -- thats pretty much what I was thinking when I saw it. And it was delicious; and I ate like 4 meals out of it. 
And I will be back :)  Now I have to try everything.Good food and very friendly service. All of the classic deli dishes can be found here. My only gripe is with the prices. $18-20 for a Reuben or other hot sandwich?? Crazy!Five. Awesome. For all the above mentioned and the below yet to be (mentioned)