After visiting for brunch this past weekend, it's really challenging to give Fare any less than 5 stars.  Fare is an upscale restaurant in the Fairmount district of Philly, just across from the Eastern State Penitentiary (which is a museum from a former jail that was closed in the early 70s). After learning that Fare closed at 3pm for brunch, we rushed over to see if they would still seat us about 2:50pm - there was no one else in the restaurant at the time (they close from 3-4:30pm to switch and prepare the kitchen from brunch to dinner service).  
With smiles, they welcomed us as long as we agreed to order somewhat quickly. That was only the beginning.  
Our server, Danielle, truly exceeded our expectations.  She offered exceptional service, while not being overly attentive.  The appetizers and food we ordered were amazing (from the Pikilia of Spreads starter, to the Gyro Platter, the Eggs Benedict, and both the Mixed Greens and Greek Salads with Chicken (and mediterranean spices)). Even the cocktails were delicious and on point.  
When one of us couldn't finish our meal, the restaurant offered to hold on to our to-go bag so we could pick it up after we visited the Penitentiary across the street.  
Fare really has it together and I would definitely return anytime I'm in Philly.I enjoyed lunch here with my parents. We decided to sit inside because it was a little too hot outside. The ambiance was nice and the restaurant is chic and comfortable inside. The service was just okay. Our waitress was very friendly but we found ourselves waiting too long for simple things such as having our water glasses filled. I ordered the burger and it was quite good. Really juicy and flavorful. My mom had the tuna melt with guacamole, my dad had the fish tacos. Both dishes were fresh and flavorful. I wasn't wowed by anything at Fare but I would return there for lunch. Overall a pleasant experience but not outstanding.I have been here several times and mostly enjoy sitting outside when the weather is nice. I have been here for lunch, dinner, and late night bites. More recently, I have enjoyed the bucket of pumpkin beers for $16. Food-wise, I have had their mussels, truffle fries, tuna melt, ceviche (not a favorite), kale salad with fried egg (not a favorite) and fried calamari. They have a happy hour but you must sit in the bar. I seriously hate when restaurants do that. I found out recently, they deliver too, which is a pretty cool service.Five stars for the food and two stars for the service. We went here with a party of eight for a birthday.  Our server greeted us but neglected to take our drink order. When we finally did have an opportunity to order drinks they were slow to come out. Other notable service fails - -- we were not offered any bread - as a rule I think that restaurants that charge over twenty dollars for entrees should have some type of bread offering. After our server took our order he disappeared and did not check on us. We told him one of our friends was having a birthday and clearly identified who but a desert with a candle came out and was given to the wrong girl. Other notable fails - out of the Pumpkin Creme Brûlée even though three people at our table wanted to order it. My friend's chair broke while she was sitting on it (the back fell off and she had to reattach it)
Now for the highlights - everything that came out of the kitchen was presented beautifully and tasted wonderful. We tried the salmon, the squash soup, the beet salad, and the fig creme brûlée. Other friends had the strip steak the bison burger and a flatbread.  A plus for food - -- staff just needs a bit more training and or a bit more incentive to get the job done right.
As a side bar a 20% gratuity was added to our bill.  I wouldn't have minded this if the service was good...but we already had that conversation.We arrived early for our tour of Penn State Penitentiary and we were starving. My husband absolutely loved his grass fed burger. I really liked my fish tacos as well. I was ecspecially happy to find a restaurant like this on our first day in Philly. We started our road trip looking to eat at locally owned restaurants and were happy to find a place with local fresh fare.Food serviceable, service awful. I would expect a higher level of interest/engagement from a counterperson at Taco Bell.This place is awesome! My wife and I just finished dinner here. The truffle fries are loaded with parmesan cheese and served with a chipolte mayo that is out of this world. The crab cakes are served with a sweet-and-spicey chili sauce that leaves you begging for more. The seafood pasta has more shellfish than the Chesapeake Bay.  If you're ever in the Fairmount area of Philadelphia, you have to check this place out.The food wasn't awful, but not worth the price and the ambiance/service did nothing to redeem it. The service was awful- our waitress was just the worst. She tried to embarrass my friend because he asked for bacon instead of ham on his eggs Benedict. Strange choice? Yes. What he wanted? Yes. That's all that should matter. I will say: the fries were bomb.Was in Philadelphia for the Army-Navy Game and the family decided to try Fare for dinner - yep based on YELP. Excellent choice.
We had twelve people in our group. Our server Leyla took excellent care of the group. We came in early so when we left they were getting really busy.
Food was good. We had the Crab cake entrée, flank steak (2) and chicken breast. 
Bathrooms very clean.
Only negative some of the food could have been a bit hotter (probably sat for a while waiting for the other foods). But I understand that - big party and hard to time 12 meals.
They are located near the Eastern Penitentiary - very interesting neighborhood. This place is worth a try.I was so excited to visit Fair during my visit to Philadelphia, that I studied the menu tonight before and knew exactly what I was going to order the "apple ricotta pancakes" they were calling me! Also perhaps a lovely cocktail to go with it. Yet when we stepped inside, instead of a friendly "hello" as you get in most establishments we were greeted with a nonchalant "may I help you?"  Ok, fine whatever, the hostess did say she was "on break" .  Then as we were hesitantly taken to our outside table where we were then ignored. A couple that came right after us were greeted warmly , the server went to them first and took their order . Suffice to say we left and went across the street to another establishment.  I probably will never eat apple ricotta pancakes ever again, not cool!I had high hopes for this place because it looked cute from the outside and the menu was nice. To start off with, we got seated at the outdoor covered side area which was way too hot. They need to have a fan or something going on! The air was completely stagnant and not fun to sit in (especially with screaming children). It got a little better when one of the waiters opened up the ceiling a little to let some air circulate. Then, the hummus plate had wilted celery that wasn't crunchy. Ew. Then, my meal was nothing great (the short rib wrap) and my friend's eggs in her eggs benedict could have been cooked more. The home fries were good though. Not impressed especially for the prices.Found after a day at the Philly Art Museum . Menu was amazing , started with scallop ceviche and the tuna tartare . Then the most delicate beet salad lightly dressed . For our main we had the Crab cake and seafood pasta . Both were succulent and seasoned to perfection . We finished with a flan that even being totally stuffed was worth every bit. If you are in Philly this is a must ! I will be back .Went here for a brunch with a group.
The service to the place's credit was excellent. Ordering to table was prompt. The wait staff was helpful and not pushy. Ability to make a reservation was a plus.
The food was ok, not bad, I expected better. Lobster grilled cheese was way over salted, grilled sweet potatoes were too mushy, shortrib Benedict was basically a shortrib beef sandwich with the egg and holandaise sauce on top. Way too much bread, none of the cheese as listed on the menu. It was served with a salad which felt, and tasted out of place on the plate.
Inside the decor was just kind of bland compared to it's close-by competitors.Visited Fare Thursday and enjoyed it very much. We spent the afternoon at the Art Museum and it was a short walk to the restaurant. We arrived early and sat at the bar while waiting for my brother. They have nice wines by the glass in the $8 range and offer "snacks" (like walnut/lentil dip or mini chicken meatballs) for $3 or $4. We tried the avocado, grapefruit, etc salad and Caprese, which were good. The duck confit, flank steak and salmon entrees were tasty, too. Nice apple cobbler for dessert. The service and ambiance were pleasant and the noise level provided a nice buzz, but didn't interfere with conversation. Overall, a good spot and a good value, too.Came here for a dose of Eggs Benedict, some smoked salmon and a good old fashioned Bloody Mary. Environment was chill and not crowded which always makes for better service. Food was hot and fresh with a tasty kugel fried style shredded potato pancake brick. "Fare" pricing for the quality, will be back another time. Good service too.One star with a large asterisk.
The asterisk is on account of the owner. We met him as we were getting ready to leave. He seemed like a genuinely good guy who cared about the restaurant and his customers. He was going around the place, table to table asking people for feedback. He informed us that they are having a very hard time because they were not prepared for the high volume of customers coming in, so they didn't have adequate time to train the staff and get into a rhythm like he would have preferred.
This is hardly a good excuse, because quite frankly, it wasn't that crowded, and telling someone you aren't prepared rarely sits well, but I respect that he had the gaul to offer it; therefor, I plan on going back in about a month or two because it has potential and it's always nice to see new places succeed in the area. Hopefully they get their act together.  
So on to the review...
Went to Fare last night with my girlfriend, and the entire operation was completely disorganized. The entire experience can be summed up with one word...waiting. 
We walked in and the hostess told us there were tables by the bar we could sit at as they had a lot of reservations that were going to be coming in, which was fine with us. We took our seats, and waited...and waited. After an awkwardly long wait, where we watched Fare's staff members running all around a random girl walked past our table and placed menus on our table and kept walking. 
Then we waited...and waited....and waited. 
A separate woman eventually came over after about 15 minutes and took our drink and food orders. She was nice enough I guess, but she left after taking our orders and not once for the remainder of our meal did she ask if either of us would like another drink. 
Then my girlfriends meal came out. 
And I waited, and waited and waited and counted 10 minutes. 
She ate the majority of what was served to her because I told her it was pointless to let it go cold while waiting for mine. After she was nearly done her meal my food came out with absolutely no apology or explanation.
Additionally, the girl who brought our food was seperate from the girl who gave us menus and the girl who took our order.
How many people does it take to wait on a table in a relatively small and uncrowded establishment on a Wednesday night? Weird.
The food was ok but I'm not even sure. I was so mad by the time it came out I wasn't even paying attention. The side of potatoes that came with my meal was barely cooked. For what it's worth, my girlfriend had the caramelized onion soup with grilled cheese, which she loved.
But when we were both finished, it was back to the waiting game. We waited forever for our check, and then once we paid, as expected, we waited again for our change. 
So like I said, I'll give them another chance, and hopefully they get it together because it has potential, but they have a LONG way to go in terms of service.Been to Fare lots of times, stopped in for dinner before a show last night with the boyfriend. We were greeted by host right when we walked in and seated. They had a few additions to the menu, but we ordered off the menu. We shared the Greek salad and a burger. We both had two rounds of delicious martinis :) The salad was very fresh and a big portion. The burger was cooked perfectly and the meat very tender. We were excited to see changes to the outdoor area coming along, it is always very nicely decorated with fresh plants and colorful flowers - which make the outside so inviting.Went for the Sunday Brunch with my husband.  The Breakfast Egg Burrito was delicious and quite filling, and the eggs were light and fluffy in the omelette - lots of fresh vegetables.  Even though restaurant was quite busy, service was excellent and friendly.  Will definitely go back again for lunch and dinner!!This place is growing on me, I must say. I've been several times with and without wifey and it just gets better. they have a great patio and a good happy hour. Some menu standouts are the farmhouse flatbread with bacon, apple and gruyere and the truffle fries.Leckeres Essen. Kann man nichts falsch machen, bestes Restaurant in der fairmount area.Wonderful experience at Fare. Servers were very helpful and friendly and it's situated in a great hip area, Fairmount. The food was great. I enjoyed every plate except that serving was a little small so I wouldn't suggest sharing. Other than that I would recommend this place for you and your girls or even for you and a date!Food was great, service was as well.  It was evident that everything was as fresh as it gets, and the ambiance was a perfect fit, it felt very "at home" .  Get the Farmhouse Flatbread, but as our server told us, "eat it slowly".  Thats a challenge indeed!I frequent this restaurant about every other week now. I love their expansive wine and beer menu. The new additions to their menu are truly great, the flatbreads, kale salad and especially the grass fed beef.Stopped in with a couple of friends for dinner and drinks. Had the soft shell crab. They were very small but they did have three of them. Preparation was good and dish was tasty. Service was ok. I would recommend as a low key place to grab a drink and something to eat if you were in the neighborhood.This is a great spot ... Great service and good organic food ... The Bronzino is the best in the city....The service here is not good at all, they dont seem to care to accommodate you pretty much take it or leave it attitude. If you're going to have that kind of service Im expecting the food to atleast be a 5 star..but that wasnt the case at all. It was dry, over cooked, and way too salty. I would skip this place overall, theres too many good resteraunts with great food & service on that strip!Simply amazing. Tuna roll was cooked perfectly. Pork Osso Bucco was fantastic. It fell off the bone and was very savory. The bison Burger was great. FYI, it's served open faced, so don't expect a typical Burger, but it was very tasty. Everything felt healthy since this is an organic food restaurant. Oh, and the vegan cheesecake (that my lactose intolerant girlfriend can eat) was very yummy. I didn't even know you could make cheesecake without cheese!Reading the raving reviews makes me feel like other yelpers obviously had a completely different experience than mine.  I'll start off with the positive, the place has a very nice layout, comfortable seating and nice outdoor area.  The bathroom was also nice and had products available if you need to freshen up.  Our server was also very nice, so no complaints there.  If you're wondering why the 2 stars, it's simple, if I'm going into a restaurant my main concern is the food everything else is secondary. We were told by our server that they were in the middle of changing from brunch to dinner and that only the bar menu was available, we didn't think that would be a big deal and decided to order.  We ordered the sliders,  truffle fries, oysters and the "fish" tacos. 
The sliders are only 2 tiny burgers with no cheese, lettuce & tomato. These sliders were completely overcooked, think charred hockey puck with absolutely no flavor. The so called truffle fries tasted like regular French fries with not so much as a hint of any truffle flavor.  The absolute worst were the "fish" tacos, they arrived covered in aoili  sauce but you could make out the pieces of the mystery meat. I eat out a lot, at this point in my life I think I've seen and eaten enough chicken and fish to easily differentiate the two, however the meat here had an odd coloring that did not look like any fish I've ever had.  We basically felt like Jessica Simpson asking ourselves is this chicken or fish???? Either way it was still inedible. My sister even asked our server if it was chicken but we were told it was fish.  The food here was not as described, tasteless and overpriced.Ok so, the atmosphere of this place is phenomenal - specifically the outdoor seating area! So cute with the fire-lit heating, string lights, and paper lanterns. Sadly, the food did not live up to the expectation. It was underwhelming, to say the least. Not bad, just....mediocre...slightly bland...and insanely overpriced!! The only pro was their pumpkin beer bucket, which was decently priced, but unfortunately they were all out of bottled pumpkin beers when I was there on a Saturday night. Wamp wamp. If I ever do return here, it will be for the pumpkin beer bucket, and not for the food.Only came here for drinks, so I cannot speak to the food, but they have a great drink menu! My friend and I got a couple of unique ciders (and imported organic one and a cranberry-apple one), which were both really good. There's also a cocktail menu and a whole page of wines as well as whiskeys.Came here for brunch! The outdoor space is adorable, and the service was so excellent. Reasonably prices, as far as outdoor-city-brunch is concerned. Food was good quality, though nothing world-renowned. i was a big fan of the potatoes and the french toast. The coffee was pretty decent, and the table settings/accessories are adorable.We ended up showing up on a busy Friday night, and the place was full, inside and out.  We were greeted by a friendly hostess, and decided to sit at the bar, since we didn't have a reservation.  After some delicious wine and a lima bean? dip, we tried the crab cake which was recommended.  It was so soft, light, and tasty.  This was followed by the black sea-bass, which comes as the whole fish.  I like to get the whole fish, despite the fact that it has the bones still in.  I loved the food, and the fact that it was organic and healthy, made it even better.  Reasonable price for what you're eating, and an atmosphere that I found out was also created in a "green fashion".  Overall, well put together, and I will definitely be going back.Great place for food. Love it. Nice patio out back that's hidden away. Drinks are very good too. Prob fav spot in fairground area.
RecommendedWas there for my birthday dinner and we genuinely enjoyed ourselves.
This is one restaurant in Philly that gives you a bang for your buck.  Everything is beyond reasonably priced, including an eight dollar "really clean" specialty martini and a seven dollar glass of Portuguese wine.  The martini was made with white grape juice and organic lemon vodka, much like the rest of the menu that is organic, free-range, sustainable, or locally grown.  There are many veg or vegan options as well, which in many restaurants proves to be a challenge.  
We started with the tuna tartar and the clams with cappellini and garlic.  The tuna was a bit cliché for my taste, made with tamari, sesame, and rice crackers.  I crave tuna tartar that is not Asian fusion!  The rice crackers overpowered the flavor of the rest of the dish.  The clams were delicious; however, on the menu they were listed as littlenecks, and they were delivered as top neck clams or larger.  I was disappointed and would have opted for another appetizer if we were informed of the change.
The entrees were nearly perfect.  For thirty bucks, my boyfriend enjoyed a huge rack of lamb with a spicy mustard glaze that was cooked to rare perfection.  For twenty bucks, I had a lovely striped bass with avocado salsa which would be more accurately described as guacamole with a little extra tomato, but delicious nonetheless.  The bass was slightly overcooked, but by no means well done or dried out.  Both entrees were accompanied by generous sides; the lamb with potatoes and haricots verts and the striped bass with brown rice and sautéed broccoli rabe.  
Dessert, second to the drinks, was an amazing value as well.  For NINE DOLLARS we enjoyed the dessert combo, which included 3 large portions of their specialty desserts.  So satisfying, perfect ending for my birthday, and it even came with a candle.
Added bonus: Complimentary filtered water, still or sparkling, bottled in house.
Service was a little slow, but expected at 10:30 on a Friday, and no bread service was offered at all.  But still, no complaints from us, for a fully rounded, spectacular meal that would have cost us twice as much in Center City, and is 8 blocks from our apartment.I've been here two or three times now and the food is flavorful and each dish is wonderful. Bison burger is great! Chicken meatballs and especially the pork shank! Great restaurant. Will be back again.In the immortal words of Howard Jones, things can only get better. I went to Fare on it's second night. Hardly fair the review it harshly since they are were so receptive to feedback. 
Super friendly staff and attentive. 
Food was somewhat on the low sodium side. Great for the hypertensive but I think some of the dishes could have used more pizazz.
Prices seem reasonable considering the food is organic, fresh and the portions ample. Would have liked to see the farms and food sources on the menu...unless I missed it somewhere.
I liked the yellow + blue malbec...and the free fizzy water! No bottled water here. Hooray for their efforts in serving food and beverage that is organic, local, sustainable, and well, practical! Still or sparkling tap water just makes sense!
We enjoyed the 'braised leeks and fennel, nicoise olives, goat cheese' and the 'lentils, potatoes, peas, raisins in red wine tomato sauce'. Both were hearty but the former needed more pizazz (herbs? salt?) and they both needed more crostini (of which they happily accommodated). 
We shared the whole-y mackerel (sorry, couldn't resist).  I'm thankful my husband has the skills and the balls to filet his own fish because I alone would have needed server assistance.  I thought it was cute that our server gave us an early warning that the whole fish would, in fact have a head on it. Yes, for those of you weak in the stomach or who care to avoid knowing that your food had a face, your whole mackerel will come with head, tail and bones attached. And it will be delicious and cooked perfectly. Well, ours was. Would definitely get it again. 
Also enjoyed the sweet potato semifreddo with oranges. Interesting textures and flavor combo that I didn't expect for Spring. 
Ambiance is modern and clean. Lots of eco-friendliness going on. Boy, do they have guts in putting such plush (recycled) carpeting in a restaurant, if you ask me!
A great addition to the conscious consumer's list of decent places to grab a healthy and fresh meal or a good glass of organic wine in Center City.I came her for a business meeting and the menu options were really great for a group with diverse tastes. Loved the tuna tartar, grilled octopus salad and mushroom flatbread. I had avocado crab cakes and truffle fries for my main and both were good. I think this organic fare was fresh and enjoyed!Fare is one our favorite spots in Fairmount! Great spot for a dinner date. One of the best cheese plates and their salmon entree is delicious! Would definitely recommend it.Nice people.  Good service.  Tasty food.
They sat us at 10:45pm, when the kitchen clearly could have closed up shop instead of serving us.  But, the gave us a full on dining experience with no "can't wait to get home" attitude from anyone.  
They brought hummus to the table that was just really chunky, bad stuff and I was worried about what was in store for the meal.  But I had the pork osso buco and thought it was very good.  Polenta was creamy, asparagus done perfectly, the osso buco sauce was savory sweet goodness without being too sickeningly rich.  The meat was fall-off-the-bone tender, not too fatty, and had a good flavor.  My husband had the stripped bass.  They made the sauce for him upon request to suit his dairy allergy with no attitude or fuss.  He said it was a really tasty dish and he'd have it again.
I had the fall fruit cobbler for dessert.  There was nothing wrong with it, but I could have easily made better apple cobbler myself.  It was missing a sauciness from the apples, kind of off.
Happy to have finally tried this place as it is right down the street from us and we will be back again.We ended up getting a last minute reservation here on a Friday night and really enjoyed ourselves. We ordered the hummus platter to start and he had the sea bass special while I had the salmon. The flavors were very interesting and melded together in ways I didn't think possible. We ended up sharing everything because it was all so delicious. There was a large party that had children and that was very annoying because the kids were seated right next to us but honestly, they give you more room than most Philly restaurants in terms of movable space between tables. We will definitely come back here!4 of us came here for a quiet meal and we all enjoyed our dishes. I had their fish of the day, a branzino, and it was so good. I love branzinos served whole and grilled - which was what they did. It also came with some sauteed spinach and brown rice. I left feeling very satisfied.We walked into Fare because the coffee shop a few stores down was packed full. It's pretty cute on the inside, but the food left very much to desire. I had the grilled chicken on ciabatta and my aunt tried the breakfast burrito and we both agreed that the dishes were a bit bland and tasteless. We had also planned on ordering fries as a side and the waitress said they were all out. I thought that was a little bizarre. The upside was that this place had wonderful music playing but unfortunately the soundtrack couldn't distract from the meal.I live in the neighborhood but am hardly ever drawn to go here.  It is hit or miss from 2-star to 4-star depending on the night.  
My last visit involved a chewy as hell octopus salad, ridiculously slow service, and a flavorless steak.  I wish I knew what other people saw in this place as it is near my house and I wish it were better.Was here not to long ago with my husband and another couple. When we arrived we were seated right away. We ordered a bottle of red wine and we also got individual drinks. My girlfriend and I both ordered a moscow mule. It was honestly one of the best moscow mules I've ever drank! When a drink is done right I'm always excited for what is yet to come. For appetizers we shared the tuna tartare and the octopus. It was my second time trying octopus. My first experience wasn't so great, but Fare completely changed that for me. It was SO, so good. The tuna tartare was good as well, but I wasn't a huge fan of the chips they provided. For my entree my girlfriend and I both got the Avocado Crab Cakes. OHMYGOD, so incredible. It came with a sweet chili sauce and it went so perfectly with the meal. 
The vibe of the restaurant is very pleasant. It's decently sized, but kind of small. Not too small where you are sitting on top of each other though. I would love to try Fare for brunch on day and I'm sure I definitely will!We went here for brunch. Parking is a bit tough in this part of the city so be prepared to walk a few blocks and allow sufficient time to search for a spot (there is also a lot a few blocks near Eastern State). The cocktails were delicious. I had the Clean Martini and it wasn't too sweet despite the strawberry flavor. The truffle fries are soooooo good. The entree options were plentiful. It was hard for me to decide but I ended up with the fish tacos, which was a good choice. I definitely would come back here again. The food is good; yummy cocktails and a great vibe.Our evening was not planned, we just really wanted a romantic time to sit together and have a great time and something good to drink.  Thanks to great service from everyone on staff, including the bartender, servers and even the owner, this was a stellar evening.  Great martini, great energy!Good food pretty good variety menu . My favorite thing about this place is their outdoor courtyard which is very nice at night w/ the heated lamps & fireplace its a pretty cool place to visit even in the winter. In addition they are an excellent gluten free optionFare is a little hit or miss. Some of the salads are consistently great. I tried the leek and fennel salad last week, and I loved it. The entrees seem less consistently great -- the food just doesn't seem fresh when it arrives on the table, like it was cooked too early or too long. So, if you're looking for a fun salad, I'd recommend going (the Brussels sprout salad is delicious), but if you're looking for a more filling meal, you might want to venture elsewhere.This was my first time here, and I couldn't be more thrilled. A reservation that I had made at another restaurant was dropped due to overbooking. As it was Mother's Day I was in a panic to find someplace nice to eat brunch with my mother. The staff here went above and beyond to accommodate me and not only make room for us but set a place for us outside so we could enjoy the weather. They were attentive and the food was spectacularLive 1.5 blocks away so tried to make this a go to place, especially because we generally eat organic, but just can't. What's good: the octopus is really good. The watermelon salad is really food. What's so-so: the branzino was eh. The skin was kinda soggy and there wasn't much flavor to the fish. What's not good:  we've gone 3 times and each time ordered the burger medium rare. Each time it came out well done and dried out. If you are in the mood for a burger, just go across the street to hickory lane. Perhaps their other food is better.I found this place while walking/looking through Eastern State Prison. Wonderful Place, Wonderful location. We got seated as soon as we entered during the brunch time of day. I myself got the flat bread and pickled beets, arugula salad. Top notch all the way. Then for lunch got the breakfast burger-- did not disappoint in any way!!!. All serving sizes  are truly more than your stomach, No small portions at a Big cost. I am truly coming back for the area has more to see and explore.  A.G.We had a lovely time at Fare, which was our first stop in Philly. The bartender service was really great, and I got to taste a lovely rose before purchasing a glass that possibly could have been too sweet. I had one of the lovely fish specials where the fish came served whole, but had been deboned. It was very tasty. It came with rice and steamed green beans, and a lemony, almost horseradish tasting sauce. I also tasted the steak, which was delicious. I was going to go with the vegetarian option, but at the caution of the server, decided against it. I was really glad for what I did get because it was so tasty. We had a server in training that was also helping us, and she was trying, but you could tell she was new and a little awkward, but I have no doubt she will improve. They are also very accommodating for us gluten free folks.Fresh and delicious food.  Excellent service at lunch time on a Saturday.  The spreads with warm pita were soooooo cravable with the dirty martini.  Had a lovely afternoon.Had an early dinner around 6pm and it was fantastic.  Service, food and setting was solid.
The salmon was very fresh and the flank steak cooked perfect to order.  I like this place for what it is, nothing fancy or delicate.  Just good food.
Also to note, our chocolate lava cake took a bit of time.  Turns out it was burnt the first time so they apologized for the wait and comped it.Fare is an attractive restaurant in the heart of the Art Museum District in the Fairmount neighborhood of Philadelphia.  They also have a large outdoor eating area during the warmer months to the side of the restaurant.   The food here is advertised as both locavore and sustainable ... and you can often add tasty to those adjectives.  I especially enjoyed the bacon, cheddar, and apple flatbread appetizer.  A main course consisted of a decent grilled chicken sandwich served on a ciabatta roll with a large serving of homefries.  A homemade and excellent coconut rum raisin sorbet completed the meal.  Service was friendly.
Why then only 3 stars when the food was prob worth an additional star?  Well this was an Art Museum Area restaurant week lunch and I was totally surprised to find out it had a base price of 25 dollars.  Say what?  25 dollars for a restaurant week lunch special?  That's the highest price ever in Philadelphia.  Center City restaurants are $20 for special restaurant week lunches and some of the other restaurant weeks taking place in neighborhoods and locales in and around Philadelphia even have a lot of their special lunch menus pegged at 15 dollars.  I never expected 25 dollars.  Of course they had no price listed on the Art Museum Restaurant Week or the Fare websites.  I should have asked but didn't think to because I just expected it would be either 15 or 20 dollars ... in line with all the other Restaurant Weeks that take place in the Delaware Valley.  Anyway it's disappointing and it annoyed a couple of my friends when I told them the price as they had informed me about this particular Restaurant Week when they heard I was going to be in the Art Museum area around lunchtime.  I was also testing this restaurant out for a dinner party I'm part of later this month following a visit to the Philadelphia Museum of Art but we def won't be going to Fare at this point.  However, do read again the first paragraph of my review and you can see I am still able to say a couple of good things about the food and service.Service, food & ambience all very nice.
Food very good & prepared as ordered
Wine & beer list reasonable if uninspired.First time here and definitely not my last. Good food and good service. Looking forward to trying it out for dinner. Fare is in a great area as well.We enjoyed our dinner here, and will probably return. The Greek appetizer assortment (Pikilia of Spreads) was excellent, the octopus was done very nicely and was tasty. The fish tacos were a little below par, but everything was fresh and well-prepared. The staff was friendly and attentive, and the patio seating was nice.Love the neighborhood!  I came here for dinner with a large group the other day.  The restaurant has a clean and sleek look to it.  Very trendy indeed!  The food was good, but the portion sizes small.  We actually left hungry.  ehh! maybe try it another time and see.After a couple hours at the art museum, we headed over the Fare on a Sunday afternoon (around 4:45) for an early dinner.  I was slightly disappointed to hear when we walked in that we could only order from the bar menu, and I wish they had told me that when I had called and asked if there was space for us.  
We had a bunch of small plates: the sliders, cooked perfectly (rare, which is hard with tiny burgers!), and the fig pizza were my two favorite.  The fish tacos were not as exciting (a little bland) and the truffle fries were also just OK, not amazing.  They have a good beer and cider selection.  I'd go back to try their full menu.It was a dark and stormy, cold afternoon. After being chilled to the bone both literally and metaphorically at the Eastern State Penitentiary, and feeling the pangs of hunger for hours, my boyfriend and I stumbled into the beautifully welcoming restaurant. Conveniently located just across the street from the penitentiary, we ended up coming here for two lunches after beginning two days worth of photography adventuring. 
The door looks upscale despite having a casual feel. I would imagine it would be a great place to take your parents.
Service at the bar was great and the brunch menu provided sounded very delicious. I had a large Irish coffee.
The Short Rib Benedict.
Generously portioned with a hefty side of greens and delicious! I'm always a sucker for short ribs on a menu and this did not disappoint.
Lobster Grilled Cheese:
The bread was beautifully toasted yet soft enough to bite into and had something of a cakey taste to it. There was a generous amount of lobster that mixed deliciously into the mozarella cheese, allowing the savoryness of the lobster to not be overpowered. It included a very large side salad. After having it I understood why it would be sold out the day before on our initial visit to the place.
The value was good. You should definitely stop in.Service was great, but unfortunately the food was not good. Paid $22 before tax for two avocado crab cakes that were about the size of a golf ball. They were paired with a sweet chili sauce that did not compliment or enhance the flavor. The potatoes that came with it tasted like they had been sitting under a lamp for a while. The brussel sprouts were very good, though.Ok, I'm giving them three stars only because not everything was off the mark.  My wife's fish taco were good but my burger missed the mark.  Sounded good on the menu, who wouldn't want pastrami on their burger.  Trouble was the pastrami was cut thick and I couldn't bite nor cut through it....Very disappointing. Also the fries were limp, the is one of my pet peeves, I love fries and when they are not done right...very sad. 
Also, the bread they brought to the table before the meal was burnt, cold and soggy.  Whoever let that leave the kitchen is not helping your restaurant.  The chef would be better off skipping the bread if he/she can't get a simple thing like this right.Good clean "Fare"! Came here for Sunday brunch starting at 9am (which is a rarity in the city). Service, food, portions and price point was all a plus. Fare is a great place for those who are eating "clean".
Ordered: "Fare Bloody Mary" made with pepper vodka and garnished with sweet bacon, eggs any style (def more than 2 eggs) with sweet potato and sausage, breakfast burrito (stuffed with scramble eggs, chorizo, sweet potato, light cheese, cooked spinach) with jalapeño salsa and spring salad. The breakfast burrito was def enough to share. Next time we will just get that and add one pancake on the side. The eggs any style for $8 was very generous, my bf couldn't even finish the eggs (he usually complains about restaurants with small portions). What's brunch without a bloody Mary? It was delish, the pepper vodka added the perfect kick and the sweet bacon garish rounded out the drink very well.
Service: all the servers there were very attentive. They filled our water glasses before they were empty. Checked on our table at the right times. Good friendly service for a Sunday morning.
Overall: we will be back! Looking forward to trying their dinner.
Side Note: I am in love/obsessd with their stemware and dishes made by Degrenne.On my first visit to Philadelphia, I had brunch at Fare. Friends who live their raved about the food and it did not disappoint. I'll definitely be stopping back through on my next visit. Uploaded some pics to my blog http://www.livin2live.com/2014/06/visitphilly/. 
Enjoy!Fare is easily in the top 3 new restaurants I've been to this year and I never saw it coming. It's nice to be surprised.
Words like organic, local, and sustainable get thrown around a lot these days. Too frequently in a concern to be granola friendly, restaurants forget another  important  word:  "delicious". 
Fare does amazing organic with aplomb (and without the dreadlocks). The space is well appointed and chic without being cold. 
Even better, their staff is invested in the concept - knowledgeable beyond the rote citation from most servers. We talked about everything from sourcing to flavor profiles to technique. 
Our wide tasting menu, recommended by Fare's gracious owners and staff, had plenty of highlights:
- Farmhouse Flatbread - Get this immediately. Go now. Green Apple and Vermont Cheddar and House Bacon drizzled with Maple syrup. I could not stop.
- Bison Sliders - Best Bison I've had east of Colorado, amazing herbal notes, lovingly seasoned and seared.
- Gazpacho - Unbelievable nuance and depth. Sumptuous is not too strong a word - and we are talking about cold soup here.
- Crab Cakes - Very solid, but not "Baltimore" Solid. Still better than most outside the Chesapeake
- Grilled Octopus - Well balanced, not overpowered - allowing the meat to speak clearly. Perfectly fork tender.
- Zuchini Fries - Paper thin, airy, deep fried. The real secret is the zing they get from powdered Red Wine Vinegar. Scintillating.
Yknow what? Stop Reading.
Go Now - Surprise yourself.My husband and I went last night for dinner and everything was perfect!  The octopus special was so tender and full of flavor.  The crab cake excellent as usual...the lamb - so tender the filet excellent!  
The food is fabulous, the atmosphere is relaxing and everyone that works there is so nice.  Love Fare!
I do wish they had one menu item that was kid friendly...like a pasta dish.Dined at Fare last night with another couple. Food, service, atmosphere were all top notch. The menu is excellent, and the server's recommendations were just right. Prices for food & wine (they have a nice bar too) are very reasonable, given the very high quality of ingredients. This is the most Celiac-friendly restaurant I've been to in the state of PA, so if you have a gluten intolerance, I highly recommend FARE. The three people who dined with me all felt their food was excellent. This is my new favorite restaurant in Philly.Started with Brussels sprout salad. Great new way to serve them. Shredded like cabbage with walnuts and cranberries.
Moved on to the lobster grilled cheese. Perfectly fried and great cheese.
Lastly had eggs Benedict with crab cakes and potato pancakes.
These were very tasty but a little on the small side.
They offer a phenomenal twist on an Old Fasioned. Maple syrup and bacon infused bourbon. Fantastic drink. Cool out door space as well.I have been back a few times and wanted to update my review.  Every time I go to Fare I think - wow I really like it here! The menu is varied and everything is marked whether it is vegetarian, vegan, and gluten free. I really appreciate that in a restaurant. I am a huge fan of the "very clean martini" and have tried a few of their wines which have been really good.  Even their house wine at $6 is really good and very reasonable.  Their tofu scramble is great if you like tofu scrambles - I must say this one is great.  It is a great place for a lot of different occasions: date night, dinner with the parents or in-laws, dining with picky eaters or dietary restrictions.Only come Tuesday Wednesday and Saturday...Brenna is the best bartender in the city! She was funny and poured amazing drinks!Awesome place!
Went there for the first time on Wednesday this week. For a Wednesday, it was very much alive. However, we were able to get a table for five with no problem at all. The ambiance is very cheerful and the service was pretty good too.
Everything we ordered tasted fresh and was DELICIOUS!!! The pricing was also very pleasing, for the five of us we spent less than $200 and left the place stuffed.
Highly recommend trying this place if you're in Philly. Can't wait to go there again!Food was average.  Had a grass fed steak, which was a special, didn't taste like grass fed and came out over cooked.  Service was less than average.  A good place if you are doing something around eastern state penitentiary, but not a place I would return to.The food is pretty good, but service was really strange. At brunch, my friend ordered the same waffle, but I have a nut allergy so I asked for mine without the walnuts. My waffle came out with berries on top, his did not. He asked for berries and about 15-20 longgg minutes later, the server brought out a little dish of sliced melons. So weird.
Not my first choice for brunch in the area, but I would go back.Delicious meal at Fare Friday night.  Group of six tucked in back corner.  Started with a couple of the creative flatbreads and candied beets, very tasty!  I had the night's special of soft shell crabs over a thick corn chowder or mash.  Flavors were great.  Others indulged in delicious strip steak, pork osso buco, sea bass, crabcakes and chicken meatballs.  Everyone thought the food was great.  Service was terrific and loved the ambience/vibe.  Definitely a great addition to neighborhood.I have dined at Fare twice now and have really had good experience. It is wonderful to have a new addition of finer restaurants in the neighborhood besides the usual watering holes that serve greasy food. Fare's service is friendly, accommodating and unpretentious. Our server, Jessica was a delight. The 1st time, my friend and I had the beets salad, polenta with mushroom and wine (thank God they have a good wine list). We sat outside for more than 2 hours for dinner. They never kicked us out or interrupted us. The 2nd time I was there, I had ordered the salmon, very light and perfectly made. My friend ordered the chocolate flourless cake, dense and a little on the dry side though. I like Fare's food because its very clean and simple without "frills." I personally feel that sometimes, too much accompaniment can get too overbearing that you can hardly taste the food. Hence, I describe Fare as simple and tasty.Fare has a nice atmosphere and prompt service but food is just OK, I mea...FAIR. My bacon dressing kale salad was basically a bowl of fried kale, I couldn't taste any bacon, just heavy oil not balanced with acid. A vinaigrette dressing would have been nicer. I did squeeze lemon on it and it was tasty, but without it it just doesn't taste right. May go back and try something else...YAY: delicious food, free sparking water, cool layout and interior, great to see Fare is part of more development happening in the area
BOO: service was much to be desired -- the waitress walk by us numerous times without checking in, forgot to give us bread, forgot we wanted to desert, and we had to go find her for the check because she stopped coming by the table.Medium rare skirt was rare (moooo!) even though I ordered medium-rare; with a group so sampled a bunch of sides - sweet potato gratin (very good), brussel sprouts (good), cauliflower (good, recommend), kale (terrible, zero flavor).  Deserts were terrible, do not waster your time or money.
The cocktail list, however, was pretty darn good.  Had the old fashioned special which was made with a bacon infused rye and that made for a memorable cocktail.
Place is okay, would not go out of my way to return.I came here for brunch with my boyfriend a few weeks ago. I ordered a vegetable omelette; it was good but I prefer omelettes that have the vegetables cooked into the eggs rather than placed after the eggs are cooked. My boyfriend ordered the breakfast burrito; he was very happy. We both ordered bloody Mary's. They were good.