Word needs to get out that Felly Bistro serves interesting, flavorful food in an airy and pleasant space with attentive and friendly service. Octopus appetizer is fab-- tender but with crispy edges. A great addition to the foodie pleasures of Queen Village.My friend and I happened by Felly last week, saw the sign for soft opening and went in for lunch. I ordered the salmon burger and loved the spicy slaw. My friend had the soup and a salad, both were good portions and flavorful. The staff was attentive and polite. My water was filled often which I always look for. We sat by the open doors and enjoyed the breeze while we ate. I'd like to go back and try the croque monsieur which I eyed up on another table.Excellent local restaurant. BYOB, Reasonable prices, elegant and interesting and very nice quality food.Once again, an amazing meal in such a pleasant setting! Had the bacalao which was perfectly cooked and could easily be an entree somewhere else. The chicken breast was great and the cassoulet base was delicious. I had the ribeye steak that had wonderful flavor and sides and very reasonably priced for the size and quality. Love this place.The empanadas are amazing and so was everything we had for dinner. Very friendly staff and met the chefs! The desserts were also fantastic. A must try place for dinner especially if you are local.Just finished the best brunch in quite a while at Felly on Pass. Eggs Florentine, beautifully prepared, with a side of first rate Bacon. We go here often for very pleasant BYOB dinners, and I was not surprised at how good a job they do at brunch. Excellent neighborhood spot. Highly recommended.Nothing but great things to say about Felly. Visit 1: I called on a Monday asking for a Saturday-night reservation for 15 (decided I wanted a bday dinner last minute). I spoke with Chef Felipe, who was super gracious and answered all my questions (gluten-free options? yes!). Day of, they called to confirm and were totally okay when I told them some of us were running 30 minutes late. Our server gave us a wonderful experience, honoring all of our requests and joking with us all evening. Food was phenomenal -- they have some of the best roasted brussels sprouts I've tasted. Cooked evenly, well-seasoned/dressed, just yummy! Salmon was just divine: moist and well-seasoned. Truffle fries were also great. 
Visit 2: I returned to Felly to celebrate my boyfriend's running a 5K after building his strength up following an injury. We started with soups (shrimp bisque and a butternut squash) which were really lovely. My only critique was that they could've been warmer. Bf enjoyed his salmon burger with truffle fries and I, the mussels. We again had a great server who even helped me surprise bf with caramel apple empanadas (DELISH!!) that said, "Congrats!" and also offered him a personal spoken congrats. The co-owner Chef Kelly is really sweet and you can discern her investment in the quality of food/experience. Felly is definitely on my "clutch" list!!! I wanna see this place around for a while.Felly is amazing. Very kind people and the food is outstanding. I totally recommend the Burger with the truffle fries. The first time I went my waiter was Jack. He is very descriptive of the menu choices and specials. He was very nice the entire dinner. Look forward to trying Brunch. Signed G From the neighborhood.A new Queen Village gem! The food and service were both excellent. Definitely worth trying.Excellent! Wonderful! Delicious! We took a family reunion of 23 people, 7 under the age of 7, to Felly tonight. We could not have asked for a better venue and dinner. The salad, stuffed zucchini starter (yum), and the miso salmon were all outstanding. And the apple empanadas were to die for. The grilled cheese and the fries from the kids menu were a hit with the children. The wait staff were incredible, attentive and patient with such a large crowd. By the time we were finished, the place was mostly full and lively but not noisy.  We would highly recommend Felly.My sister lives in the neighborhood and suggested this for dinner. Everything was amazing! From the shrimp & chorizo appetizer to our meals of salmon picatta & their renowned paella to the fabulous apple empanada dessert that we split, everything was delectable. I highly recommend Felly's! Oh! And be sure to save room for that dessert! Totally worth the calories.Everything was excellent! We ordered the watermelon/peach/apple mint salad, roast pork chorizo empanadas and French chicken and coconut rum cheesecake for dessert. We'd definitely come back again.One of the best restaurants I have eaten at in a long time. Every dish we had was excellent.  My favorite was the watermelon gazpacho.Tonight I had another terrific meal at Felly. If memory serves me correctly tonight marked my third meal here since it opened. My partner and I live in QV and are thankful that this restaurant has opened in our neighborhood. The FOH staff is pleasant, welcoming and knowledgeable about the menu. While I haven't met any of the kitchen staff yet, except for Kelly (the pastry chef) who is so sweet and always smiling, we've yet to have a meal that was less than superb. I'm a creature of habit so I've had the Sirloin steak as well as the NY strip special and the burger. All fantastic! I personally LOVE the Felly salad too - that blue cheese just makes it ridiculously tasty! Regardless of what you order from the fairly diverse menu I'm certain you'll enjoy your meal and the overall experience. Felly is BYOB so come prepared with wine in tow! They also serve Sat/Sun brunch. Just make sure you go as it's a great place and I for one hope it's successful and remains open for many years. I'll be back next week!We have been excited for Felly to open since we saw the signs go up in our neighborhood. We tried dinner on Thursday and went back for brunch today. Both phenomenal meals! Felly is just what Queen Village needs.Felly has quickly become a most welcome addition to the Bella Vista restaurant scene. Owners Kelly and Felipe have a created a personal space for private settings that also serves food of the highest quality.
My wife and I first went there with friends for breakfast before a local musical event. The four of us were greeted warmly, and though we each made different choices, we felt each was prepared distinctly and with care. All egg dishes were completed according to our stated preferences, breakfast meats were cooked precisely, and the pastries tasted as though  they had just come out of the oven.
An overwhelmingly good offering at Felly's that we first experienced that day: They serve Lacas coffee, which deserves to be called "gourmet." 
My wife and I return twice since for dinners. The first night, we both had salmon, and it was prepared exquisitely. Sometimes in lesser hands, this fish can be a bit dry, but Felly's served it with just the right amount of oily moistness. I could distinguish the tastes in all of the vegetables there.
Last night, we returned with a couple who are native New Yorkers, so they are used to many finer restaurants, and they could not say enough positive things about their meals. We men ordered French-inspired chicken cutlets that retained its moistness in the preparation. Again, the beans and vegetables maintained distinct and complementary flavors, and I ordered a side of grilled veggies for good measure. (My friend ordered a side of risotto that we was so enthused about that he wanted to share it.)
Our other friend took our recommendation to order the salmon special of the evening, which was accompanied by two corn cakes. She was not disappointed, My wife order chicken-infused risotto as an entree that she enjoyed thoroughly. Truly, a good bit of our conversation was spent just raving about the meal.
We cannot comment on the desserts at Felly, as the meals have been so satisfying that we don't have room for them. However, I am now in the habit of finishing off with a cup of their coffee, which is always made fresh.
When you go, try to meet Kelly, who as I said earlier is one of the owners. She is sweet and personable and eager to please. We are excited to have this little gem so close to our home, easily enjoyable for us. We are noticing an increase in traffic, which is well deserved. Try to get in on this little gem of a restaurant. It is a taste treat at a good price in a pleasing setting. We cannot say enough about Felly at this time.A new largely undiscovered gem. Each dish prepared exquisitely with wonderfully tasty sauces and great presentation. Large portions, well priced with a good range of pricing from burger to steak. Will be back!Tried Felly Bistro for the first time last Friday. Had read that it was really good. Reviews were wrong. It is FABULOUS!!  Everything we had was perfectly prepared. Good simple fresh ingredients prepared with love. Will go back again and again as well as recommend to everyone we know!Below average food with an amazing dessert.
The husband and wife team means well but the dessert, which the wife/pastry chef prepared is definitely the star of the show.  I had a good mix of dishes with the following menu for a private dining tasting:
1. Seafood Empanadillas
2. Shrimp and Chorizo
3. Sweet Potato Gnocchi
4. Miso Glazed Salmon
5. Braise Beef short Ribs
6. Chocolate cake
My favorite of the night was definitely the cake at the end and the miso salmon dish.  I found the seafood empanadillas to have something off putting with the seafood inside, almost like they came from a bag of frozen stuff that's been in the freezer too long.  The chorizo that was paired with the shrimp was way too spicy and overwhelmed the shrimp completely.  The gnocchi did not have the right constancy and tasted very doughy to me and was definitely the weakest, and almost inedible.  And the braised short ribs were just too plain, without much deep flavors.  
By contrast, I found the salmon to be perfectly cooked and although I tasted more sweet soy than miso flavor, the accompanying soba noodles provided the proper balance against the slightly sweeter sauce on the salmon.  And of course, the dessert which the head chef did not prepare was light and sweet, demonstrating the skill of the pastry chef which was on a different level.  
This place has potential but as of now the sweets outshine the meal which is not sustainable.  I'd say give this one a pass for now and wait a year, if they are still around then they probably improved the food, if not then you would not have missed much.I need a 6th star!  Simple, varied menu.  BYOB.  Great flavors.  French onion soup, octopus, salmon over soba noodles.. all perfect.  Got some empanadas to go.  Eating them right now!  Delicious!Perfect little BYOB in Queen Village. The service and food was top notch. I had the chicken risotto and loved it. The staff was friendly and attentive. Would highly recommend!The food is hands down the best in the area, and I mean, the best. The chef and his wife (pastry chef) as well the staff is extremely friendly. I can go on and on about my happy times and experiences I've had at this establishment but it will be an understatement. YOU MUST TRY IT!!!! I love Felly Bistro on pass.We had the best burgers and a red velvet cheesecake dessert last night. This place is a true neighborhood gem. The servers are very fun and friendly while being totally professional. Our server Jack was funny and top-notch. Awesome place to have in walking distance.Not a fantastic experience. Reservations with me and four of my friends were at 8 pm. We arrived and were seated immediately. We had a nice server. Decor and ambiance of this restaurant is notably unremarkable. Also there was no music playing and the restaurant seems to have no theme. Byob was nice to be able to bring a couple bottles. 8:20pm came around and finally our server came to take our order. Asked three times for bread as other tables had gotten them. Tables who got sat after us were getting entrees. Our appetizers did not arrive till 9:10. 50 minutes after. We had gotten a salad and my friends shared octopus. Bread came out an hour after being seated (after appetizer). Three pieces (for a party of 3) and we were told it was being heated in oven by 2 different servers for 45 minutes. It was the smallest sliver of a loaf and tasted like a crouton. Entrees arrived over and hour and a half after ordered. The restaurant probably had 4 other tables at the time. Food was decent but my entree was incredibly difficult to order. Do not come here unless you enjoy eating animals and animal products. Not one vegan option on the menu other than ordering an appetizer salad without cheese and croutons. They had one vegetarian option on menu--a beyond burger. Both bread options contained animal products and So i asked for mine on lettuce. My beyond burger came out the biggest slab of iceberg. With no condiments (no ketchup, no sautéed onions, no tomato, etc. After three times of asking for ketchup I did get that. No apologies every. Just "ABSOLUTELY!" like they were doing us a favor or like it wasn't the fourth time asking. They brought me some onions and the original condiments advertised. It is 2019 people. GET IT TOGETHER. We were all mortified when no discount or a single item was comped. We will not be going back. :)Omg the scones...and a great vegan option. Tried it for the first time today and I am in love.Everything is excellent! We ordered the watermelon/peach/apple mint salad, roast pork chorizo empanadas and French chicken and coconut rum cheesecake for dessert. We'd definitely come backWent to Felly Bistro with my family for our daughter's birthday.  Our daughter lives within walking distance and told us she heard great things about Felly's.  They nailed it on every step.  The service was excellent and attentive (our server was Ted) and he was knowledgeable and responded immediately to every request.  The food was excellent and well prepared.   The ingredients were fresh and high quality and all meals were prepared exactly as ordered/requested.   The desserts we ordered were also excellent.   Pricing is very reasonable and this place was a great  find.  It's a BYOB which is also a nice option.    I highly recommend Felly Bistro, I don't think you'll be disappointed.Awesome! Great service, phenomenal food and BYOB. what else could you seriously ask for!?What a wonderful find!  I am telling everyone I know about this gem!  We had the Felly Fresh salad, which was a yummy delight, chicken risotto and the miso salmon. Everything was perfect. Excited to go back again and again and again. My goal is for the chef to you dine here too much!!!This is a neighborhood gem. In a location that has had its fair share of mediocre joints, a star has risen.  
Flaky empanadas. Salmon miso that delivers all the flavor you desire.  
We will definitely be regulars.Not a fantastic experience. Reservations with me and four of my friends were at 8 pm. We arrived and were seated immediately. We had a nice server. Decor and ambiance of this restaurant is notably unremarkable. Also there was no music playing and the restaurant seems to have no theme. Byob was nice to be able to bring a couple bottles. 8:20pm came around and finally our server came to take our order. Asked three times for bread as other tables had gotten them. Tables who got sat after us were getting entrees. Our appetizers did not arrive till 9:10. 50 minutes after. We had gotten a salad and my friends shared octopus. Bread came out an hour after being seated (after appetizer). Three pieces (for a party of 5) and we were told it was being heated in oven by 2 different servers for 45 minutes. It was the smallest sliver of a loaf and tasted like a crouton. Entrees arrived over and hour and a half after order. The restaurant probably had 4 other tables at that time. Food was decent but my entree was incredibly difficult to order. Do not come here unless you enjoy eating animals and animal products. Not one vegan option on the menu other than ordering an appetizer salad and then ordering it without cheese and croutons. They had one vegetarian option on menu--a beyond burger. Both bread options contained animal products and So i asked for mine on lettuce. My beyond burger came out on the biggest slab of iceberg. With no condiments (no ketchup, no sautéed onions, no tomato, etc. After three times of asking for ketchup I did get that. No apologies every. Just "ABSOLUTELY!" like they were doing us a favor or like it wasn't the fourth time asking. They brought me some onions and the original condiments advertised after requesting this also. It is 2019 people. GET IT TOGETHER. We were all mortified when no discount or a single item was comped. We will not be going back.First, so delicious!! 
Second, the food was super hot when I picked it up which meant it was warm enough to eat without reheating when I got home (about a 50-minute drive). 
Third, it tasted like home cooking. 
Finally, my semi-picky eater child declared it was the best meal ever (I tried to not take it personally...lol). 
Dinner was done in 5 minutes because everyone ate so fast!We were looking for a date night spot and decided to try out the new place in the neighborhood. We had a great experience at Felly. The restaurant was busy but we were able to get a seat without a reservation. The menu had a good variety of options. The food was really great and we enjoyed being able to BYO. The chorizo and shrimp starter was amazing. I got the salmon and my partner got the beyond burger with fries and a Caesar salad. We're looking forward to our next meal here. It's a great addition to the neighborhood.Worth the drive!!  I went here for dinner with my family and we were awestruck by the quality of service and delicious food.  One of the servers, Joshua, was fantastic about telling where to park on the busy street surrounding the restaurant.  He greeted me enthusiastically when I arrived and showed me to my seat. The atmosphere was fantastic- beautiful traditional Puerto Rican music softly played as we talked about all of the wonderful food options.  The owner, Felipe, came out and greeted us and made us feel like family. I am so glad we had a group of eight because that enabled us to order many different dishes.  The salmon, the paella, the brussel sprouts, the empanadas, the octopus- all absolutely scrumptious.  Even the salad had an incredible kick! The desserts prepared by Kelly were not only delectable, but they were beautifully presented.  You must try the red velvet cheesecake and the pears, and the coconut flan.  Our waiter, Teddy, was so attentive and the French press coffee he brought me was just what I needed for my two hour drive home. I can't say enough about this gem. I WILL be returning and bringing even more people next time. Felipe needs to open a Felly's in Baltimore.I went here back in July for my birthday brunch with a couple friends. We loved that it was BYOB and were even more impressed with the menu options! We each ordered two dishes, all were great portion sizes, presentation was immaculate, and the food came out pretty quick. Being that it was my birthday, the pastry chef (I forget her name, but she also helped waiting on us along with our server who was also fantastic!) brought me out a free surprise dessert that had Happy Birthday written in chocolate sauce! All in all a great experience!Felly opened in our neighborhood - Queen Village - a month ago but we finally got there last night,
 Here is my "subjective review". I call it "subjective" because we all have different food tastes and preferences and economic situations. (We do not eat spicy foods and prefer BYOBs because we can choose from our own wine selection). With that said:
We made reservations for 7pm for last night (Saturday) - though , for now, you don't need reservations. When we arrived there was one table of four just finishing up, but otherwise we were it. During our 90-minute meal two other tables became full. Felipe (the chef owner) has done no advertising and so it's still an undiscovered gem IMHO). When we entered there was no air circulation but as soon as we requested to the "hostess" that it needed air, it was turned on and the temperature was perfect.  Felipe had repainted the walls and it looked nice. The building owner put in sound damping panels on the ceiling to allow for conversation and this seems to have helped a lot. (It was always a hard noisy space, even with just a few tables. ) 
Our server (one of two last night) was Ted, (the other is Jack) who apparently worked with Felipe in a restaurant in Bordentown. He is personable and described the specials in detail. (I did have to request that he include the prices, as they were often higher than other items on the menu, but he did that.  BTW, Ted also plays saxophone and - unknown to me (though we were away anyway), Felly (which BTW is named for Felipe and his wife Kelly) had two jazz nights (one was on Father's day) with Ted and another musician. 
Our wine was opened and water - tap water - was brought. The menu is really wide ranging. Yes, there is a steak (mid $20s) but also a burger ($15) so it fills a wide range of prices. We started by sharing one of the two salads ($7 each), the one with arugula, blue cheese, slivered almonds and some other things. It was delicious - though the blue cheese makes it a bit salty) and fairly priced. For our entrees we had two chicken dishes: The chicken (boneless) risotto ($16) and the chicken (with bones)($19.) over a white bean cassoulet. Both were beautifully played and substantial in size and well-seasoned. I would easily order either again. 
No bread was served or ordered so I asked. A toasted baguette is always available "on request" and I found it worth getting to sop up the juice of my chicken cassoulet. I left nothing in that bowl. 
The desserts are made in-house by Kelly - a pastry chef - and I asked her to pick one. She recommended the Cheesecake, which is shaped like a large cupcake and was really intense in flavor. The size is deceptive. This is a filling dessert - and fairly priced at $7. We passed on coffee.
The dinner was under $30pp (with BYOB), so you are not breaking the bank. And with a burger and salad or dessert you can eat reasonably here It's a tough time to open a restaurant in this district. Competing both Olly and Village just two blocks away - and the slightly pricier Fiore a few blocks further. But I think that - if the neighbors support it (and soon!) - it will succeed. I like the fact that there are NO TVS (and the music is at a quiet level), that it's BYOB, fully CHEF-owned and run, and Felipe and Kelly (who commute from Hamilton Township, outside Trenton, but want to settle in our neighborhood with their two young children) want to be good neighbors. 
So, don't wait. Pick a night - or a weekend brunch - and try them. If you like it, go back again. If you have questions or feedback, just ask for Felipe. He's open to ideas. I know I'll be back and hopefully I'll see other neighbors here. 
Oh here's the menu
https://fellybistro.com/menuCame for a valentine's dinner. We waited for about a half hour for our first course which was a shrimp bisque. We requested some bread and butter while waiting for the soup "to be made". When it arrived unfortunately it was more of a seafood broth with one shrimp.  The main course my husband ordered was Felly Beef Wellington it was overcooked and very tough. I ordered the shrimp and crab ravioli which was good, however the brown butter sage and tarragon sauce, was heavy on the herbs. When asked by the server how dinner was the server was unapologetic and just laughed it off. Honestly the best part of the three course meal was the raspberry sorbet to cleanse the pallet. Would not recommend this restaurant.Wasn't quite sure what to expect as our friends invited us to dinner last minute, but I was pleasantly surprised. Not only was the staff friendly and knowledgeable, but the food was fantastic. Every person at the table mentioned how flavorful and well done each dish was. 
We will we definitely come back to this gem.I found Felly by accident trying to find another restaurant.  Since the weather was miserable, I decided to go in.  The food was a surprise-very tasty and well presented.  Everything we ordered was delicious and the service was excellent.  I would definitely try it again and would highly recommend it.  Prices were also reasonable.Felly is a hidden gem that should be tried by all! Amazing service and I was salivating over all of our dishes for several days after. I got the paella which did not disappoint! The empanadas were my favorite part of the meal. Loved the attention of the servers, will definitely be back!Excellent food, pleasant and attentive service, lovely simple environment, reasonably priced, what more could you ask for? It's great. Oh, it could use a little upgrade to the slightly soggy french friesGood food and wonderful service! Portions were a nice surprise, there wasn't anything we disliked. Excited for their fall menu. Definitely a neighborhood spot worth trying.This corner restaurant is a nice place to have a cozy and intimate dinner. It's BYOB.
There's only one waitress and she's very friendly and engaging. Our food came out fast.
My salad is fresh, the portion was small. The dressing wasn't overwhelming, very good.
My husband ordered steak and asked for medium rare. It turned out the steak was medium well. In spite of that, it's delicious.
I had cioppono. The seafood was fresh, broth was not too salty. It came with pita bread, perfect for dipping into the broth.
Flourless chocolate cake was decent, not too sweetI really wanted to try this place but the food was just OK. Nothing spectacular to come back again. There's just too many places in Philly to try. The miso salmon was very good. Cooked perfectly, but my dish came out 15 minutes before everyone elses. I waited until everyone's dishes arrived so when I ate it, it was cold. The manager said the salmon is the quickest dish to make so they should have prepared it after the lamb and chicken. The paella was good. Very different from others I have tried. It wasn't as spicy or tomato based.Friendly service! Lovely intimate setting.  We brought our 3 year old granddaughter who loved her burger and the gracious sever who took and interest with her. The food is fresh, delicious and the chef accommodated all our  requests. We will be back!We've been to Felly three times and it's always outstanding. The food is delicious. The service is attentive. The portions are generous, and the prices  are low. Felly is a neighborhood gem worth traveling from way out of town for a visit.Just second time but not the last. I brought a bottle of wine for a dinner meeting with 3 other guys.  It was a quiet week night. 
We shared 4 appetizers the eyebrows were raised by the quality of food and I began getting compliments on my selecting Fellly. 
Entrees and desserts were splendid. Service was impeccable. And the meeting may have profound consequences. 
Warmth and joy in South Philly.Fantastic brick chicken and bacon wrapped tenderloin. Service was perfect - we will definitely be back.We love going to Felly. Always guaranteed a beautiful and freshly cooked dinner. The menu changes but some staples remain. I always have a wonderful meal at Felly. Tonight it was French Onion soup which deserves a new entire review for itself. I also enjoyed the Felly Fresh Salad. BYOB. Always save room for Kelly's home made dessert - you know she is a trained pastry chef. And they have a kids menu with beautiful food that children enjoy. 
Check it out. They take reservations too!After an excellent Thanksgiving dinner I decided to order from Felly Bistro for our New Years Eve dinner. It was amazing, really. We chose the roasted chicken risotto w butternut squash that came with a side salad and beet salad. We ordered the flourless chocolate torte for desert that did not disappoint, just decadent!! I am so happy to be able to support a local restaurant. You must give them a shot, you will be happy you did.Creatively prepared dishes that burst with flavor. Attentive and friendly service. If you're looking for something different and a meal you won't soon forget, this is it. Felly Bistro is truly a hidden gem!We have been enjoying our dinners at Felly Bistro over the past year. The food is always fresh and delicious, and nicely presented.  We recently ordered catering from Felly for my husband's birthday celebration. Our party was a huge success and the food was the star.  Everything was amazing!  From the salad and vegetables to the soup, amazing entrees, sides and delicious torte and chocolate strawberries.  The fruit was ripe and perfect and beautiful too.We had dinner here on Wednesday evening and it was delicious!  A small cozy BYOB bistro owned by a husband and wife team, the food was fresh and inventive. We all got the tasting menu for $30 a person which was a bargain, and then had pan a cotta and flourless chocolate tote for dessert. We will definitely be back!!!This location has had a number of decent restaurants pass through, but I hope this stays. The dishes are very interesting and super tasty. As a BYOB, it is an affordable option for a higher quality meal. I am excited to get back and try some additional menu items, but also look forward to whatever specials they have cooking up.The food was really delicious and the service was perfect!
The octopus salad is amazing, and all the other plates were very good and well designed!
The deserts were also very good.
We would definitely come back!