Took 80-90 minutes to get the food.  Food was cold.  Nachos had stale chips and cheese was hard.  Enchilada was disgraceful.  WOULD rather buy a ticket to Mexico and fly there to get a real meal than to eat here again!Got food from here delivery via seamless. It took a while like 50 minutes to be delivered but it was pretty late at night. The food itself was delivered hot and excellent. I loved the fish tacos (3 for $7.50 is a great price). The tamales, fried plantains and chicken burrito that we ordered were also great! I would definitely recommend this place for late night Mexican food cravings...I had the best Burrito of my life last night at Fiesta Acapulco. 5 of us ate and ALL meals were amazing. Each meal was custom made real time. This appears to be a family operation with husband and wife cooking and serving. I live in the suburbs and will now travel to south Philly to eat here. And, to top it off, it was inexpensive. This place is not to be missed.The burrito I got was almost entirely rice, with the smallest amount of steak sprinkled in here and there. Pretty disappointing.Ordered the nachos supremo, chalupa, beef tacos for delivery. All were good. Good guacamole especially. Reasonably fast delivery to Fairmount, food was still hot. Nachos got a bit soggy but that's to be expected. Reasonably priced Mexican food, good value.Fiesta Acapulco, my tush!  Stay far, far away from this "party"!
These people charged my debit card without my permission after I returned food I had ordered because the order was all wrong. They claimed they would refund my money AFTER the delivery guy came back with my food, but they never did. 
When I called back on Monday morning to let them know the charge was still on my debit card, the manager LIED to me, saying they had called my bank, and that some woman at my bank had called me over the weekend. What? How would they know that? 
Oh, and to put the icing on the cake, when I asked for the manager's name for follow-up purposes, he gave me this name: "Sancho Panza." He mumbled it really fast twice, like I wasn't going to understand. 
Shady!
I have worked at restaurants. It's the easiest thing in the world to credit back someone's card.  It takes about two minutes! 
Also, don't be stupid when you are taking food orders! If someone tells you they absolutely CANNOT eat a food item, don't say "Okay," then send them the food with that item in it, then argue with them about how it already has that item in it and it can't be removed. 
God, these people suck. Oh, and the food looked like crap, too!I went to check out this restaurant after a  friend raved about this place. He ordered take- out: three appetizers that he said were the size of entrees. I sadly was very disappointed with my dine- in experience. When I first came in the woman was very friendly and shook my hand, but then I think she realized I am not the person she thought I was and was no longer friendly.  My boyfriend and I ordered three appetizers. They were not the size of entrees and were made up of mostly iceberg lettuce. The woman also brought out nachos con guacamole instead of nachos supremos, which I ordered. Also, I asked if they had horchata and she said yes, but never brought it out and I didn't see it in the drink case. My boyfriend ordered a Mexican soda and had to get it himself, even though for the Spanish speaking couple she brought the drinks to them and also brought them cups with ice. The total bill ended up being over thirty dollars with tip. I had to buy my own bottle of water because she never offered to bring a cup of water. I wouldn't recommend going here. There is nothing special about the food and the service is crappy.This is the holy grail of Mexican food when you're craving something of the seafood variety. The fish must be cooked with crack, because my boyfriend & I can never get enough! The fish burrito & fish tacos are our favorite. Shrimp tostadas are also delicious. Everything is fresh & always delivered in a timely fashion.
I've ordered delivery with a credit card a million times from here & NEVER HAD A PROBLEM. They're also on Grubhub now so you don't have to worry about that kind of problem anyway, because they'll always refund you. I'm sad to see all the harsh reviews of this place because it's my top 3 favorite Mexican spots in Philadelphia.It took them 90 minutes to deliver some tacos, and I live 8 blocks away.ordered some enchiladas on grubhub. Now i'm as white as they come - but what I received surely wouldn't be considered an "enchilada". 
Called to tell them they must have given me the wrong order. Instead of accepting this, the guy on the phone told me that I was wrong and that's how they do their enchiladas. "The tortillas are on the side!"... "why is it in 3 containers?". Went back and forth and this guy just wouldn't give up. Eventually, I gave up and started to take down the mush... errrr enchiladas with a fork.Simple 1-time takeout review-
I was looking for fish tacos, so the copious neon highlighting oysters and other seafood attracted me to this place over other Mexican places on the strip. I read the review previous to mine regarding credit card disputes, and opted to pay cash. The wait was longer than I hoped, but, they were clearly cleaning up before I came in. All six fish tacos were still well organized in their individual wrappers even after walking a ways home. The long wait appears to due to making a load of fresh guacamole that slathered every taco. 1-tortilla per, but surprisingly, they still did not crack while eating. I'll be back, but not when I have an appointment, and I'll still pay cash.I'm surprised this place has such poor reviews...
For me, college student, living in north philly, with a craving for mexican food that qdoba just doesnt satisfy... this place is perfect.
For one, 6.50 for a burrito, a HUGE burrito, with salad and guac and sour cream and whatever else you ask for along with it.  
They deliver to North Philly, which makes them the only mexican place that will deliver to my house.  And FREE DELIVERY! and on top of that, they are open till midnight.
Just so many things that are great about all of that.
So far my friends and I have ordered from here twice and everyone has been more than satisfied with their meal.  Definitely a really good value for a dinner, awesome amount of food
It took a little while for delivery (about an hour) but I don't mind, delivery guy was really nice and I don't blame them, I'm shocked they deliver this far north... I'd rather wait an hour for them to deliver from their location than to not have the delivery service at all.
Anyway this is definitely a place I will continue to order from if I want a burrito at my door!I ordered from Fiesta Alcalpulco through Grub Hub recently and the order was severely late. After calling, and when I did get it, I was confused and thought I had the wrong order sent to me and called again trying to get it figured out (some items were much different than what I remembered from past orders).
The manager called me personally and we talked over what I got. There was some misunderstanding and slight error on their part, but he was very polite and down-to-earth and sent me a new order immediately, even though I told him it was okay and not to worry about it since it was late. Excellent service (and good food too).The food was awesome!! So far I've had the chicken with onions,jalapeño, and peppers with rice and beans. It was kinda spicy but still very good. Deff flavorful in a good way. Ive also ordered the tamales(never really cared for them), chicken burrito, and I ALWAYS get a order of plantains (always ripe and delicious and a big portion which you can share :) I've never eaten here in person, usually I get it delivered but the prices are very reasonable and the food is great! Soo as I write this review I'm in the process of ordering some tacos but I'm debating if I want the delicious chicken I ordered in the past. Hmmm decisions decisions...Some of you people are crazy.  First- they have free delivery, star. To anywhere in the city, star. Huge portions and small prices, star. Simple food done well, star. Their tacos al pastor with cheese deserve a star all on their own, star.
Seriously though... if they, even without traffic, are willing to drive 15-20 minutes across the city am I really going to complain the food isn't scorching hot? And who orders nachos for delivery? Yes, it's going to be soggy- that's not their fault. That's poor ordering. I enjoyed everything I ordered and will definitely use them again.This place was just plain old horrible. First off, the ceiling was leaking water and I told the owner and she didn't even bother to help us move our stuff. I had to do it myself. Also, the server sucked. She was rude, and It didn't seem like she wanted to be there, or did she really bother to check on us. Bad experience. 
But, the tacos were pretty good so I might order pick up. Not.Nice with chips and salsa and ice water on hot day but on a zagats list of best burrito in philly?!?! Phouey Caroline russock! We were misled- cheesesteak burrito barely qualified for novelty status - loveless with burnt ends and extremely greasy...I couldn't imagine investing less effort...It's unfortunate because they have good enchiladas and tamales (which are hard to find). However, I placed an order an hour and a half ago with an estimated delivery of 45-60 minutes. If I'd known it would take so long, I wouldn't have ordered since it's basically time to go to bed at this point. When I called the restaurant to ask about the order, the woman said "the driver is on his way" and hung up in the middle of me speaking.It's laughable that other reviewers are talking about how bad the quesadillas and other Americanized dishes are. I've also heard it personally. To each of you, if you came here looking for Chipotle/Qdoba/Taco Bell stuff, you've come to the wrong place. Now if you're looking for authentic Mexican Food, this is it.
 I have been a fan of Mrs. Lupe's cooking for years. I used to come to her first restaurant everyday after elementary school, high school and even college! I tracked down her new location and am still a fan.
I usually get the Tex-Mex chips, steak/lengua/ al pastor tacos and the chicken/pork tamales. The cheeses and other fixings on the chips seem to meld nicely together. The chips are my favorite, they are fried to a perfect golden brown. I also like the strong hints of corn and light hints of peanut, possible because they are friend in peanut oil. The chips are never greasy. The meats on the tacos are always well seasoned and never skimpy. The cuts of tongue, especially, are always nice chucks and incredibly tender.
I brought a friend here, who is usually a picky eater, and he loved his meals. He bought the seafood soup and the Shrimp Veracruzana, which is shrimp sauteed with various veggies in some sort of sauce served with a side of rice. Although I didn't personally try it, my friend it was very good. Both meal portions were large and filling. Some spots usually skimp on the shrimp or any seafood portion, but not here. 
Although I have been a longtime customer of Lupe for many years, I am still exploring the menu. I am eyeing the goat and rice dish. I was initially apprehensive because I know goat meat is expensive, so many restaurants tend to be stingy with their portions, but after seeing the large portion of the Shrimp Veracruzana I have some confidence the goat entree will be the same.After spending a week in Cancun this summer, I might have particularly high standards, about Mexican food. 
But in brief - Delivery took 90 minutes. We live 1 mile from the place.
Food - Soggy, lukewarm, Ingredients cheaper than what you might find in a public school cafeteria. Totally bland and spice-less. I ordered chicken quesadillas - they were buried in iceberg lettuce, and something that looked like feta cheese. the cheese inside the tortilla was white and practically solid.
My personal breaking point was finding a hair in my already grisly chicken quesadilla. They replaced it  (it arrived another hour after we called with our complaint) free of charge. the second one was equally gross but hair-free.
The bill was 28 for only half a dozen edible bites of food.
Avoid.Seriously have never been disappointed with the food here. Moved out of the city but I still come back here to get my favorite dish, the cubano.Was super excited to eat this places food but.... Warning this place says it delivers but it won't. Then It can take up to 5 days to get your money returned to you if you use your card.This place is unreliable, dishonest, completely rude to customers and doesnt know how to run a freaking restaurant let alone a delivery service!
Whoever the girl is who answers the phone at night is completely incompetent when it comes to customer service. She said "Its coming Lady!"who the hell says that to customers? Im a server and I was completely shocked. I then asked her if she spoke spanish because I do speak spanish. Her answer "uhh no". I then start talking in spanish and she speaks back. Wow way to hide that you dont speak spanish. This was my second time here and will NEVER ORDER OR GO HERE AGAIN.I am so confused how people could possibly give this place a bad review! I ordered on grub hub, they were right on time and SUPER friendly which I appreciate.
I ordered the Pastor tacos and they were absolutely delicious. the pork was flavorful and they gave plenty of limes, cucumbers, adn radishes on the side. I was absolutely stuffed after just 2 of the three tacos.
I also got a tamale because you cant beat the price ($2) and the chips and salsa which were totally worth the extra money.
Totally recommend this place if youre looking for cheap and plentiful good food!They delivered a food order with a missing item and wouldn't send the driver back to deliver the item they forgot. The food we did receive was soggy and wet by the time it arrived. All the burritos fell apart. Will not order or do business with them again.Couldn't have had a worse experience. Apparently they do not understand what vegetarian is, how to deliver, or how to simply record a simple order. I'm am extremely displeased with this establishment.If you are looking for Americanized Mexican food, this restaurant is not for you. 
I lived in Mexico for a year and Fiesta offers up a variety of different authentic, street style foods. The same types of foods I ate from street venders all over the DF.  The tacos don't disappoint!  Tamales are light and not at all dense or dry.  Tasty aguas frescas to accompany the meal along with Jarritos sodas.  Get the Fried plantains for dessert and you won't be disappointed. 
I've ordered delivery from GrubHub a couple of times. My only complaints: the delivery was about 30 min later than stated and the savory dishes could use a little more salt.I don't give out 1 stars often - but fajitas made with canned green beans, carrots, peas and corn are used, 1 star is generous! 
Ordered through Grub Hub and here's the dirty run down;
- Steak Tacos: not much meat or flavor and tortillas were rather dry.
- Guacamole: I think it was squeezed out if a bag, no flavor (gag) and doesn't come with chips (really!!)
- Beans: runny runny runny. 
- Fajitas: OMG! They opened canned green beans, carrots, peas and corn..threw in a couple pepper and chicken...the WORST fajitas I have ever seen/tasted! We could not ever eat them.
- Rice and a Salad: random and no dressing for the salad...rice was what it was. 
I seriously can't stress enough to not order from here, it was just awful!! It took a lot of hot sauce to get it down.Just walking by and decided to stop in for a snack without looking at reviews.  Ordered a classic, simple fish taco. I looked at the reviews and wondered if I did the right thing. I received 3 delicious tacos with typical veggies and cubed chunks of moist, piping hot fresh fish! I squeezed some lime and put some guacamole on each, and I felt like I was in heaven. I'd go back for those tacos again.
Downside was that it took 40 minutes to get my food. It looked like they had a big takeout order before me, so the chef was busy taking care of that. Still, I felt that 40 minutes was too long. I'll just have to make sure I leave plenty of time if I do end up going back.I've ordered from Fiesta Acapulco twice through GrubHub, and both time I've had the same experience. The food was very good, extremely cheap, and a little late. I'm not going to lie to you and tell you this is the best Mexican in the city, but if you live in an area where finding above average Mexican is nearly impossible (for me that is Fairmount) then you should really consider this place for delivery. Their tacos are tasty and they give you plenty of toppings to accentuate them. Their salads, nachos and tamales (only $2!!!) are also very good. Both of my orders arrived about 20 mins later than quoted through GrubHub, but the orders were correct and still warm, so you really can't complain too much. All in all, I really like this place and hope they keep delivering to a wide part of the city.At this point the 'Italian Market' is filled with a handful of moderately priced taco places. Fiesta Acapulco is just another one of those places to me, except I'm really into their nachos, sans meat.
The one thing that sticks out though is the customer service! The ladies that work behind that counter are the greatest. They go out of their way to ask if you're okay with everything that is being put into your food, and will even bring the food to you while you're having a casual drink at the bar next door.
It seems as though they close when they want to, be careful of that.
It's definitely worth a shot.Placed a delivery order; 2 hours and 15 minutes and counting.  Pretty shabby.I ordered a chicken burrito, chorizo tacos, a raja tamale, and the orange/carrot juice. 
The juice was great. Fresh and delicious. 
the raja tamale was also pretty good. It was huge for 2 bucks! Came with a nice fresh salsa. 
The rest of the meal was not very good. Both the tacos and burrito were very very dry. They give you salsa, cream, guac  and fresh limes to counter it. However, Taking a bite of either the burrito or the tacos without the condiments was unthinkable. Delivery time was long as expected. I waited 1.5 hours. I am comparing this food to taco trucks and burrito joints where they make the food right then and there. It's possible in the chorizo taco's case that it was only dry because they were sitting out for  1.5 hours. However, for the chicken burrito....the chicken was dry. I know dry chicken and that was some really dry chicken. Overall, I will never order again. But I might stop in at their south Philly location to give them another shot. However, I'll def skip the chicken burrito. 
Oh and they charge 3 dollars to add cheese to either your tacos or your burrito. That is a 50% increase in price for ..cheese.THESE PEOPLE SUCK!!!!!
Don't ever go here and definitely DO NOT give these people your credit or debit card number! 
Nearly two months after I had a debit card dispute with this restaurant over an incorrect food order they would not refund, somehow they managed to charge my card again!  This is even AFTER I got a new debit card with a new number. I have no idea how they could do this, but they are shady, ignorant pieces of crap.Just go to Chipotle.
Could spare nothing from this meal, even with my own seasoning. 
Still waiting on the stuff they forgot. Three hours I could've used to fly TO Mexico for a Mexican lunch.This was my first visit for lunch and I must say that I will never return. First when I received my order of 3 beef tacos 1$ extra per taco for cheese 2 out of 3 tacos had hair in it. I told the man I was know longer hungry, stepped outside to smoke while my friend ate and come back 2 two more taco ....who wants to eat after finding hair in there food!!! Still I was charged !!!! The dont take cash or credit like the sign on the door says No they take cash and you can use their atmFood, bland.
Service, abysmal  
We are a business that orders in meals on a fairly regular basis, so I have a pretty good idea of comparison with regards to other Mexican places in the area.
We were lured in by the 5 dollar burrito Thursday special, but promptly were told that burritos were now 6 dollars.  6 dollar burritos still aren't bad, so we were not deterred.  
We ordered 5 burritos and were told 20 minutes for delivery.  That seemed speedy, so things were looking promising.  Over an hour later, still no food.  After 90 minutes our food finally appeared... we exchanged money for food, didn't get a receipt, foolish I suppose, and went about our business.
As soon as I opened the bag, it was clear this was wrong, there were only four burritos; instead of two carnitas, a bisteak, a chicken and an enchiladas burrito we received three carnitas and a bisteak burrito.  
We called the restaurant and explained the situation, asking to have the order fixed.  The conversation on the phone was very terse, they were not interested in fixing the problem.  If we had received the wrong types of food it would be annoying, but whatever, but we had paid for five burritos and received four... that's unacceptable.  
After several minutes on the phone the woman agreed to come back with the extra burritos and the corrections for the order, but only if we returned the third carnitas burrito.  Ew.  What are they planning on doing with a burrito that had been delivered hours earlier, or are they just so upset at the idea of losing out on money?  If that's the case, I recommend getting their orders straight in the future.
After all that, the carnitas burrito was bland and boring and a little soggy, though the bisteak burrito was good.Food is decent, but delivery took two hours. Like Sarah O., I've been burned twice with long waits before but I figured there was no harm in giving it one more try. Yeah, never again. I called the restaurant after an hour-and-a-half had passed and the guy who talked to me was condescending. He said "It's COOOOOMING" and told me to be patient, like I was a little kid. No apologies or anything.I'm from Southern California, and have been to Mexico at least a dozen times, and speak some Spanish. I even have a food blog, and am a taco fanatic. I once ate 100 tacos in two weeks just for the hell of it. I know good Mexican food when I see it.
Fiesta Acapulco is good Mexican food. The bad reviews? I mean, come on. ONE WEEK in Cancun does not give you "high standards." One bad experience with a waitress doesn't define a restaurant - particularly with one who is likely more fluent in Espanol.
So now to Fiesta Acapulco. First: the hours and delivery range are wonderful. Second: the menu is extensive, and generally authentic. Third: the food is good, particularly if you're a Mexican sea food person. Fourth: the prices are AMAZING.
A note on the fish tacos. Food often varies by region. Just like American barbecue can vary from North Carolina to Tennessee to Texas, Mexican food is the same way. Sometimes fish tacos are equated with the breaded Baja California variety. Their fish tacos are not breaded - but they are GOOD.
Tonight, we ordered a taco plate, a tamale, and a big chicken burrito, and got it delivered for $13.99 through Grub Hub. (Thursday is burrito night.) The BOMB. I'll be exploring their menu further in the future, and I will update this review accordingly!I was craving empanadas so while my wife went to get a gyro at Koukouzeli, I came here and ordered beef empanadas. I paid $8.00 for three giant empanadas and a side salad with guacamole. My order took ten minutes, which wasn't bad at all. The empanadas were made fresh. The beef was sliced flank steak. It was fried with mozzarella cheese. The dough was amazing. I was impressed with the empanadas. The service was good and the portion was amazing for the price. This place is very casual with a few tables to eat in. It is cash only.Ordered from grub hub. My order was 2 hours late and it was incorrect. I'm a veg head and for some reason my cheese empanadas came as chicken empanadas. I had called grub hub so many times and it had been over 2 hours so I didn't bother. Luckily I pulled it apart before biting in!! 
I paid for extra guacamole that I never received, and the guacamole coincidently was terrible. Literally the worst I've ever had. I'm so out it's not even funny!Listen, the food's not bad. And yes, I appreciate free delivery. I do. but don't take nearly two hours. If it's free I'm happy, but that's no reason to take TWO hours.
I starved waiting for this food and honestly, it's not cool.There's certainly no dearth of Mexican joints that deliver in S. Philly, but I've had some pretty simple food be pretty crappy so I decided to move a few blocks East in my search for a few decent tacos for lunch. I have to say that all I've ordered from Fiesta Acapulco are the chicken tacos, with queso chihuahua ($1.00 extra, but since it comes from the milk of such a small dog, it's an understandably pricey delicacy) 
The tacos are always excellent, delivered with plenty of lime and cucumber slices. My last order (today) came with an unwelcome surprise that was quickly remedied. The delivery guy arrived without ANY change so I was forced to tip him $9 on an $11 order. He promised to come back later; I rolled my eyes and shut the door, content to eat the tacos and the loss. To my great surprise, 90 minutes later he showed up with my change, apologizing for the inconvenience. I'll definitely continue to patronage them, maybe even trying something else next time.Everything was prepared and delivered very quickly, and it showed. I'm not that picky about food, but this was some of most unappealing stuff I have ever tried to eat. This was the first time I have immediately wanted throw away a meal after it was delivered.
Every dish was kind of soggy and they used what seemed like prepackaged yellow cheese slices instead of anything close to Mexican white cheese. The torta Cubana was basically a cheap cafeteria-style hamburger made from unseparated hunks of Kraft singles, pieces of bland wet ham, and lettuce shreds. The sincronizadas were also just the same ham and yellow cheese too. The fish tacos were wet, falling apart, and blandly fishy. Incredibly disappointing food experience.I've been waiting for two and a half hours for food and still nothing. Now I call and it appeared to be closed. She told me to call the delivery guy and didn't give me his number and hung up. Completed incompetence.These Mexican dinner devours come from the famous Fiesta  Acapulco! This small family owned restaurant has been around for over five years. The staff is really nice I'm very understanding of the menu and was willing to walk me through the entire menu. The waitress/owner was very patient and fluent in English. The menu was easy to navigate and understand. The bathrooms are clean as well as the restaurant itself. Wow here, I ordered the Mojarra Frita/ Fried Porgy  dinner meal. It came with a fresh fried porgy with a fresh side salad with guacamole, tomatoes, and a side of Spanish vegetable rice. The fish was absolutely delicious ! It was fried to perfection and very meaty/juicy. I love how the fresh salad complement at the fish. This was actually my first time ever try and guacamole and I absolutely loved it! The Spanish rice was super fresh with all of its vegetables. If you ever find yourself wanting to explore the Mexican coast? Please check out Fiesta Acapulco! #fiesta #food #foodporn #foodie #foodphotography #foodstagram #philly #philadelphia #fish #water #street #rice #mexico #yellow #vegetables #salad #guacamole #tomatoes #goodeats #vibes #datenight #spanish #hispanic #greatfood #staffThe customer service!!!! The gentleman who serves is a GEM. The food!!! Tempted by many to try the Cheesesteak we opted for the Mexican fare and WOW. Firstly their house sauce is nuts. I don't like spicy or hot food and this was crazy spicy but the flavor was so good I couldn't stop. I had the fish tacos and my Husband had the pork tamales. Both incredibly tasty. The prices!!! Extremely reasonable and back to the customer service - we left a 100% tip. It's worth it for an amazing 360 experience!Quite possibly the worst tacos I have ever had. 
The corn tortillas were hard and cold. I don't know if I've ever had a taco with a tortilla that wasn't at least warmed. Super weird. 
The chicken was SO dry. Like, disgustingly dry. I actually usually prefer chicken a little dry but it's like they microwaved it eight times in a row. It was straight rubber. I was trying to figure out if it was actually chicken. It was. Just really awful chicken
The vegetables in the veggie taco were those perfectly cubed ones that clearly come from a factory and are frozen and then nuked. You know the ones? They are those little square carrots and peas that sit on the top of the 40 cent ramen noodle packets or the ones your buy in the supermarket that steam in the bag? First, who the F puts peas and carrots in a taco? That's not authentic, that's a pot pie in a corn tortilla. I expect there to be beans, maybe rice and fajitas. Peppers, onions, maybe mushroom. Second, it was flavorless and gross. Don't offer a vegetarian option if your idea of a vegetarian taco is microwaved carrots and peas on a hard tortilla. 
The pescado was not bad but it was not enough to save the dinner. They also give you these huge weird cuts of cucumber with the meal. And possibly carrots? I don't know. It was the weirdest taco experience I've ever had. This is not authentic- it's just really really bad.I decided to give this place a try since my usual taco places were closed on Christmas Eve. I ordered the barbacoa tacos and the al pastor tacos to go. The barbacoa did not have any flavor but the al pastor was over salted and slightly sweet. The guac on the side came with a side of salt, which was very much needed as well as the extra limes that were on the side. The tacos were also individually wrapped to keep them from falling apart and had a side of cucumbers and radish. For what it was, the pricing of the tacos were fair. The barbacoa tacos were around $9 and the al pastor was about $8.50. Overall, I don't think I will be back.We dedicded to order from here in a time crunch, and went with a basic combo of tacos and guac. Although there was nothing "wrong" with our food, there wasn't much good about it either. Tacos were extremely underwhelming from a flavor perspective and the additional sauces provided did not do much help.I went for this restaurant as a field trip with my Spanish tutor and it was quite fun! 
My Spanish tutor explained to them I was learning Spanish and ordered regular chips and salsa, está muy picante! Meanwhile, I took time and read through the entire menu. The women in the restaurant did the role play with me, as I ordered tacos and carrot juice. My tutor wanted me to try the cactus side dish, so we got that as well.
The food came pretty quickly and they were good. Fresh veggie (cucumbers and something else I don't remember) and spicy chicken on the tacos (3 pieces). It was delicious and quite filling. The side dish was stirred fried veggies, which were a bit oily for my taste.
Overall, very friendly and fun family business with welcoming atmosphere, and we spent a good hour (or more) hanging out there. Not a fancy place, but I could see it is pretty authentic Mexican food.Incredible meal. Taco Tuesday had 3 tacos for $7.50. We got vegetarian tacos with fried cheese and vegetables, with a side of beans and salsa verde. The orange juice was thick and fresh pressed, the staff were so sweet, and it was the best taco I've eaten in a while... maybe ever?? Three cheers all around.
Covid-wise: staff were fully masked, there was indoor seating and two outdoor tables on the sidewalk.If I could give this place more than five stars, I would. My girlfriend and I walked in on a whim after waiting for seven minutes at another location without so much as a hello. From the moment we walked in we were greeted by the staff with happy smiles on their faces. We sat down and they put out chips and their AMAZING house sauce, which was great because we were already starving. 
There's hard to find something bad about this place to write about. The owner was one of the most genuine and kind people I've ran across to date. He treated his staff well and it showed with how they treated us and each other. When a kid came in with some candy, which most owners would (understandably) be upset over, he laughed and entertained him while the staff bought some of his chocolates. 
I ordered the cheesesteak and fries while my girlfriend opted for the Al Pastor burrito. When it came out we dived in. All I can say is WOW. If there's one thing I'll suggest- ask for extra cheese on the cheesesteak and slather that bad boy in their house sauce. Her burrito was also amazing. We walked away happy, full and eager to come back. This was the best Spanish food we've had since moving here from NYC. We will definitely be back.Tried tacos here a few weeks ago they were great tried something different tonight took a bite and instantly thought I fucked upVery poor service for mediocre food.
I have ordered from here a few times thinking the service and quality would improve but has disappointed each time. The taco meat tends to be dry and they also lack in flavor. Ontop of the food being just ok, the service and timing has been a huge disappointment. Food has been over an hour late even after times have been updated on Grub hub, and when we called 30 minutes after our food was supposed to be here the person who answered the phone was mad we called. When the deliver guy dropped off the food they were rude and angry we called grub hub for an explanation as to where our food was. All in all I would not recommend ordering from here unless you want to wait two hours for your food.