I returned to Figs recently for the first time in 2 years with my mom & sisters for dinner.  I was glad to see that nothing had changed.  Same cozy restaraunt with the same (delicious) menu.  I had made reservations for 7:30pm for my party of 6 on a Saturday night and we were seated promptly. 
We orderd a lot of food and I got to sample a little bit of everything.  Appetizers: the baked brie in the clay pot is a must.  The lavendaer gives it a really unique flavor.  We also got the mussels (delicious), the hummus/smoked salmon pizza (surprisingly really good, at first thought it might be an odd combo) and the tzatziki which I wasn't really a fan of (but I think I just don't liek tzatziki in general).  Entrees: I had the tuna.  It was perfectly cooked, pan seared and melted in your mouth.  That came with spinach which was really fresh, not a gritty mass of slimy overcooked stuff.  It also came with mashed potatos with banana coconut curry sauce (yum!).  I also got to sample the seafood risotto and the filet mignon which were both really good.  I tasted the swordfish which I really liked but the vanilla rice that it came with was way too sweet for my taste.
I would say the only con was that the service could have been a bit better. For example, we asked 3 times before finally getting a bucket of ice for our white wine. By the time it arrived the wine was warm.  But overall I love figs and will continue to go back. And remember, it's byob and cash only!Extremely tasty! This place is a culinary adventure for your taste buds. Delicious, fresh, and healthy. Just a note, it is cash only.I went here for brunch. The only Moroccan thing on their brunch menu was Moroccan eggs which was a little weird. I ended up getting them and they were great. Waitress was a little inattentive even though the place was almost empty.
I also took off a star because they have gendered single occupancy bathrooms, which are against the law in Philadelphia. When I informed the owner, he didn't seem to care at all.The restaurant isn't big but you don't feel crowded either. It's a nice cozy feel.  The portion sizes are perfect and it is very reasonably priced.  I got the whole fish of the day and it was cooked perfectly.  They offered to cut off the head if I didn't want it on.  Some people have a problem with that I didn't mind.  The service is what really makes this place.  They are the nicest people. I would go back just for the service.  The food is amazing.  We had 5 people and not a single complaint.  Keep up the great work.I walked by this restaurant and really wanted to give it a try. My boyfriend and I decided to go last night and were VERY disappointed. We were "greeted" poorly, waved to a table, and thrown menus. We were not informed of the specials nor what spread was served with the complimentary bread. When finally served our food, my boyfriend's chicken was like rubber (I've had better at a wedding buffet- that's saying something). My lamb was under seasoned and just...wet. It was tender enough, but the flavor was lacking. When we asked for a to-go box the waiter rolled his eyes and angrily walked away.  When he returned we asked him what were the specials for the evening (after overhearing another table have them recited to them)- and he replied, "I'm sure he told you." 
All in all, this restaurant was something that I was looking forward to and it let me down multiple times. I would not recommend this place to ANYONE. The staff is rude and curt, to the point that you almost feel like they're doing you some kind of favor. And the food was sub-par at best. We've eaten at many places throughout the city, and this place doesn't deserve our business. I hope this review helps any other curious foodies- STAY AWAY FROM FIGS.Overall Experience 3.5.
Came here for a birthday party...The staff was very friendly and attentive.  We had the Lamb and the Seafood risotto.  The food was a solid 3. I gave an extra 0.5 cause it's BYOB. I had a great time.I went here for brunch.  It was awful.  I couldn't identify anything on our plates that had actually come from inside the kitchen that morning.  Everything was either shipped in (like the croissant that looked shellacked, but was in fact the most edible thing to arrive) or looked way past its prime (like the soggy potatoes).
I feel obliged to point out that the pancakes (which none of us even ordered, but looked OK from afar) **ARRIVED WITH PREPACKAGED KRAFT SYRUP PACKETS**.  I was horrified.  Guys, if you can pay rent on the corner in Fairmount, you can buy some real effing syrup, or at least pretend.Im still trying to figure out where the hype in the reviews came from here.  The baked Brie was just not good, and I love lavender honey.  There was a secondary flavor that was competing with the lavender, and the flavors did not marry well, making the lavender honey taste bitter.  You couldn't really taste the Brie, either.  The hummus as part of the tapas appetizer was not seasoned well and tasted bland.
The eggplant lasagna was over-seasoned.  The lamb shank was braised well, as it fell off of the bone.  However, the lamb was under-seasoned.  The duck, again, was prepared well but bland.  The demi-glace that accompanied it was overwhelmingly sweet.
There were some positives:
-The Fuji apple and walnut salad was dressed well, and all of the produce going into it tasted fresh.  
-The tea was very good
-Our server was attentive and polite
Overall, I wasn't impressed in the slightest. Maybe we went there on the wrong evening, but I'm not willing to spend the money to go back and see if we went there on an off night.Went there on a Thursday afternoon after a day of walking around the Philadelphia museum of Art.  Was starving and got there a little past 2:30pm (closer to 2:45pm) when they normal close for lunch.  Was still told to sit down.
My wife and I ordered the baked Brie (which was delicious), the angel hair Greek pasta with chicken which was also simple and delicious and also the crispy duck breast which was absolutely phenomenal (granted I am normally not a fan of duck so it was really good to me).  The fig sauce on the duck really is great.  Finished it off with fig ice cream after reading another persons review on yelp and yes it is definitely worth it.
I'd eat here regularly if I lives in Philly.Really nice moroccan/mediterranean fare near the art museum.  friend told me that even though it sounds strange i should try the brie/fig/nut/lavendar appetizer ... and she's right it was great.  whole bronzino was delicious.  nice grown-up feel without the  over-staged trendiness that plagues so many philly restaurants, where the show overwhelms the food.
byobMy friend and I shared the baked brie appetizer after reading the glowing reviews on Yelp. I see what all the fuss is about, it's really delicious! And a large portion for two people, although we ate every last bit of it. I also had the filet mignon. I don't normally order steak but the description on the menu sounded amazing. I'm glad I went for it because it was perfect. 
We were there pretty early for dinner and it was a weeknight, so maybe I shouldn't be so surprised by this... but we were the only ones in the restaurant for our entire meal. It just seemed odd to me. I'd like to check it out on a weekend and see if the atmosphere is any different.
Also love that it's BYOB!I've been are several times for lunch and have been pleased each time.  The gorgonzola burger, chicken sandwich, and tuna sandwich were all very good.  The atmosphere is great.  I look forward to trying it for dinner soon.this restaurant is the perfect dinner date place. it is cozy with just the right amount of ambient lighting, exotic music, the smells of foreign foods wafting in the air. this place is a well kept secret here in the fairmount hood. boys, take note, take your lady here and she will think you are connoisseur of exotic cuisine and you will totally woo her!
my dinner here was yum from start to finish. my greek pasta was cooked to perfection. not too greasy. fresh tomatos and herbs. light to the tongue. the mussels were fresh and steamed with the right amount of lemon and tomato seasoning. the grilled vegetables were cooked so the veggies remained crispy and they weren't burnt. the chicken was tender. the mango sorbet was the perfect ending to a lovely meal.
this little nook in the wall place is cash only and BYOB. i suggest making reservations here since it is prolly no bigger than a living room and you wouldn't want your lady to think you are some goober during your wooing process!
figs remains one of my favorite places to dine and if i am lucky one of the places where i get taken to for dining and wining(not whining).I had dinner again last night at Figs. I have been going there for years and needed to finally give them the credit they deserve! This BYO has the best, most consistently awesome food in Fairmount! The Tuna is pefect...every single time I order it. The portions are large (I usually get a  lunch or a late night snack) and the prices are very reasonable. Brunch is also amazing! GO!Perfect everytime.  Excellent food.  Great staff. Best BYO in the neighborhood!!  CASH ONLY...maybe that would be my only knock since I NEVER have cash.  Also, call for reservations.I came to Figs to crash my girlfriend's ladies night, BYOB dinner after the middletown village fall festival's beer stole my common sense, so things like what other people ate and what was said are not readily available in my memory rolodex, but luckily everything I did and the exquisite manners I displayed while doing it are still quite fresh on my mind grapes. 
I started the meal with the baked brie & pita (walnuts on the side because of my allergy) and it was okay. What I enjoyed most about it was sopping up the leftover lavender honey with the complimentary bread when the cheese and pita were gone. 
For the main course I ordered the crispy duck breast in the apple cider honey fig demi glace with fruit bread pudding and sauteed spinach. I usually like to ask for a medium cook on my fatty fowl, but in the state I was in, and with never having tried Figs before, I opted to let the chef handle the details. Luckily our waiter was on point (service was superb all night) and asked for the temp anyway, so my disappointment was very high when the breast came just a hair under well done and with no noticeable crisp to it. Bread pudding was a good touch, and the flavor of the sauce was very nice too, but there was still a little to be desired. 
Finished off the meal with an apple cobbler a la mode that wasn't really my cup-o-tea; I found the scoop of ice cream insufficient to overcome the dryness of the pastry. Basically, the desert just rounded out the averageness of this average meal for me (the ladies felt this way also). 
As far as the atmosphere goes, it is cozy and warm (no that isn't a reference to the extremely warm restaurant temperature, even though it was pretty toasty in there), and seems perfect for a romantic date. Not a bad night at Figs, but not a great one either, so I'd be willing to give it another shot, just not eager.Little gem in the Art Museum area. Moroccan in decor and influence. Four of us enjoyed outstanding meals. Eggplant lasagna appetizer was great. Tuna in coconut curry was amazing. It's a small space so don't look for quiet and spread out. Love the artwork and decor. BYOB and cash only.This restaurant is near the museum of art, but it could only use cash. The sesame salmon was good with potato and asparagus. The pasta was pite but a little sour, the quantity was generous.I was vacationing in Philly and stumbled upon Figs. Very good food, and an awesome server, very polite. Indoor and outdoor seating and they also have the option of byob.I went to Figs for a birthday dinner last year and wasn't very impressed. I went again a few days ago to grab dinner with a friend, and I am, unfortunately, still not that impressed. 
Figs is pretty pricey (and it's cash only) and entrees are hit or miss, and the wait staff aren't very attentive. When I came this past Friday I ordered the Mediterranean tapas plate and my friend ordered the Mediterranean pizza. The tapas plate was good, and apparently everything is made in house so very fresh as well. My friend didn't love her pizza but didn't hate it. Neither of us was that hungry so we just got appetizers and then had some tea and an apple cobbler. The apple cobbler was good, nothing spectacular, just a homemade apple cobbler like one your aunt might make for Thanksgiving. 
One thing that I didn't love: I finished my water within 10 minutes of being there, and it was never refilled. I kept stealing water from my friend and then 30 minutes in we were both sitting with empty water glasses. Maybe a small thing, but I'm all about checking in and water refills.
Overall, not a bad place to go, but not a top choice either.Hands down the best restaurant in Fairmount!  Its a small, cozy BYO with a fantastic atmosphere, very attentive wait staff, and the best food around. 
Given the small size of the restaurant, reservations are recommended.  Every time we've come (with reservation), we have been seated quickly by the friendly staff.  The menu is diverse, with vegetarian, seafood, and meat dishes available.  
The brie appetizer is  amazing, and the pan seared tuna is out of this world!  And how can I forget, the garlic mashed potatoes that accompanies most of the dishes has me salivating just thinking about it!
If you are looking for a restaurant in Fairmount, absolutely make this your first choice, great for small groups or as a date night restaurant!Wow great byob Moroccan restaurant, scallop appy was so delish I'll be dreaming of it, I had the grilled curry shrimp, my husband had Greek pasta with shrimp  and my daughter had the salmon all perfectly prepared and wonderful. Service was a bit slow but friendly. Will definitely return!This is my favorite brunch spot now.  The lady was very attentive and made sure my coffee cup was always filled with hot coffee. Food came out very quickly and the quality was worth every penny. I had eggs Benedict with crab cake. It was one of the best eggs Benedict I had. This is a hidden gem of fairmount everybody would love to come back :)Went here for the first time 2 weeks ago for dinner with a party of 4.  It was excellent!  The only drawback...a little small and cramped, but that's what you usually get with city BYOB's.  Small price to pay.  Unfortunately our reservation was about 5-10 minutes late and we had to awkwardly wait in the middle of the place, almost next to other patrons' tables.  Had it been warmer (or not raining), maybe we'd wait outside.  
The servers were friendly.  Everything was great.  We had the hummus plate and the baked brie.  The hummus was great, the baked brie was good, but a little greasy and not very big (bad for sharing between more than 2).  I ordered the vegetable and cous cous meal - was so fresh and delicious!  It certainly seemed healthy (hopefully).  Everyone else loved their dishes as well.  We split a chocolate dessert - heavenly!
I would return for another meal here.  Love that it's a BYOB too!!  Makes the check splitting experience a breeze.Neat little BYOB. Went with a group of 11- sampled every appetizer. Stand outs were the brie and peppered scallops. But really, you can't go wrong with any of them, just depends what tickles your fancy :-)
Ordered the crab stuffed sole and it was GREAT! Every aspect of the meal just worked well together. Others noted that their meals were delicious as well, including the filet and seafood risotto. 
Would definitely go back if I was in the area again!
PS. CASH ONLY!This was by far the worst dining experience I have ever encountered. The owner of this establishment should be ashamed of him/herself for even considering claiming being in the customer service industry. 
My boyfriend and I were excited to try something new to celebrate our 4 year anniversary together. We were excited to have a cozy night at local Fairmount byob. Considering we made sure to stop at the liquor store first and get cash out, we made time to plan for the evening. We also circled the restaurant and surrounding are for upwards of 20 minutes to find a parking spot. Despite all the time it took to prepare for this night out, we were still excited.
When we got to the restaurant which, was a Thursday, we awkwardly entered the small dining space. There was not a hostess to station when we first walked in, so we maneuvered through the cramped tables to the back of the house. We finally were able to grab the attention of a woman who looked like the owner (the place only had about 4 or 5 employees in there) who asked us how many were in our party. When we told her there would be just the two of us she snapped "You can sit there or there" pointing at one table that might as well have been in the kitchen and another that might as well been in the doorway entrance. There were two open tables that sat 4 and one that sat 6. I asked if we could sit at one of the larger tables and she barked "I already told you, you can only sit at one of these." I responded telling her I just wanted to see if they were available. She told me "If you don't want to sit at either of the two i offered the you don't have to eat here". My jaw almost touched the floor!! I could not believe disrespect and snoopy attitude I was receiving from what looked like a cute, family owned and operated business. I told her I will take my business elsewhere. 
I would NEVER recommend Figs to anyone who prefers to be properly spoken to. What went from an exciting anniversary dinner, turned into a parking spot circling, atm hitting, byo bringing, attitude ridden night from hell! DO NOT DINE HERE!Delicious food. Attentive, but relaxed service. We ordered the spreads as an appetizer and the waitress brought more pita for dipping. My friend had the branzino and it was grilled perfectly.  They offer to remove the bones/head if you prefer. And, I ordered the king shrimp in orzo with spinach and mushrooms. Delicious. We stayed until close and would recommend this neighborhood gem to anyone looking for a great meal.The coffee is rich and delicious, which is rare for restaurant coffee.   Had an omelet breakfast, which was very good.  My friends who had the moroccan breakfast (both of whom had actually been to Morocco) loved it - I'll get that next time
We were there for breakfast after a charity walk.  The guy who we were walking for was in pretty bad shape, and the staff sat him early and got him coffee.  So not just good food, but warm people.Went for dinner with friends--such a cozy/cute spot but unfortunately we all felt the main dishes were not anything special based on the prices.Walked in with a group of 5 and it was pretty cramped, but quaint. We were told they were doing brunch and weren't seated or given a menu until we told the lady yes, we'd stay for brunch. There were a few tables not in use, but we had to wait for the hostess to clear off two dirty tables to seat us at those. Odd, but ok. We were sort of surprised that the only Moroccan thing on  the menu was Moroccan eggs. Everything else was American food. CASH ONLY.
Took a few minutes in to figure out why my group was a bit annoyed and they pointed out to me that everyone in the restaurant was eating pasta, and steak, wine, shrimp, dinner foods, while we were told they were only serving brunch. I had the Moroccan eggs which were alright. It's a bit of ground beef and marinara sauce served with sunny side up eggs. I have to assume they accommodate local regulars for meals? The hostess was very polite, but didn't really check on us but twice the entire time we were there. It was also, overly warm in the place with no AC on a 98 degree day. Three out of four of my friends enjoyed their meals, but were disappointed in the lack of food choices. The prices are excellent at brunch, though. 
My husband asked about why people were having dinner foods and we were told brunch and the hostess explained afterwards that they'd have cooked whatever we wanted if we'd asked, but made it clear when we walked in it was brunch only. We won't go there again due to how awkward that whole situation was, and the noise level was insane because of how loud people were in such a tiny place, but it is a nice little hole in the wall for locals.Just one more birthday dinner to top it all off...
Figs, you did not disappoint.  Small but cozy BYOB in the art museum district with a short yet diverse menu.  
We opted for the Mediterranean sampler appetizer with the hummus, baba ganoush, and fish salad. Hummus was excellent, others so-so. For my entrée, I tried the swordfish coated in a date bbq sauce and topped with sliced almonds. Quite delicious.
For dessert, I had to try the homemade fig ice cream - what a tasty, creamy combination! 
And the survey says... unique cuisine, generous portions, cute, cozy, laid back environment. You should try it.
Oh and don't forget, this place doesn't take cards so BRING PLENTY OF CASH.Figs is my favorite restaurant.  Delicious food and wonderful, friendly service.  I live nearby, and everyone I have ever brought to Figs has enjoyed their meal.  The Sesame Crusted Salmon and the Grilled King Shrimp are my favorite dinner entrees.  Their salads are always fresh and delicious.  And I love the baked brie appetizer with lavender, honey, and almonds.  You can't go wrong for brunch, either - great meals and delicious coffee.  I also love the warm, cozy atmosphere.Excellent seared tuna and seafood risotto. The goat cheese eggplant lasagna was also really good. Definitely worth checking out if you're in fairmount.I've never had a bad meal here. Took my parents last night and they both loved it. Get the mussels, smoked salmon flatbread, and the duck entree. Service is no-frills but the owners are always kind and even when they're packed, I've never waited longer than 15 minutes for entrees.A friend and I went to figs for dinner. It was cute, the service was good, and the food was yummy. The salmon was cooked perfectly. The bean spread that they bring with the bread is really good, I wish I knew what it was!This place has the best salmon I've had in Philadelphia: cooked perfectly and seasoned just right.  as the other reviewer mentioned, the brie is a must order, and the service could not have been friendlier.  The only minor complaint is that it is a bit pricey, but it really is worth it.We ate here with a coworker for a couple's night out.  Figs is a small Mediterranean BYOB in the Art Museum/Fairmount neighborhood.  We shared a hummus, taboulleh and olive tapenade appetizer which was quite good, but not exactly plentiful.  I then had the seared tuna done rare (very good) and my wife went with the shrimp-pasta special which she really enjoyed.
All in all the food is tasty and the atmosphere cozy but it's somewhat pricey.  They also only take cash which means you need to come with a flush wallet.  I would probably try it again if I were local but you can do better for your money in the city.Another amazing trip to Figs last night....this has to be my favorite restaurant in Philly. The food is incredible! Don't hesitate - just GO!Love this place.  Went there for the first time last night and had the scallop appetizer, eggplant appetizer, and shrimp entree.  Everything was seasoned perfectly and came out in a timely manner.  The waitstaff was friendly and accommodating and at no time did we feel rushed, despite the fact that it was a busy Saturday night.  The apple dessert was amazing as well.  Highly recommend.Figs gets five stars because my 4-year old niece loves their pancakes. They would have otherwise received four. She always gets a half-order with strawberries. I've been here about 4-6 times but only for brunch. Everything is always delicious, including the coffee and OJ. The quiche and home fries are my fave. 
The staff are always nice, the atmosphere always relaxed and comfy. It's also walking distance from the crib. What more can a girl ask for! I will be dragging someone with me here for dinner so that I can provide an update. Stay tuned.We live in Seattle and have come to Philly to visit The Daughter. She suggested Figs 'cause it's close to her place and had a good reputation. 
Pros
It's an attractive room - pleasing colors and lighting, nice ceramics. Friendly wait staff. A nice diversity of foods on the menu. I liked the melted brie appetizer but can imagine that others would find it strange. I liked the roasted vegie skewer appetizer. My wife enjoyed a great bowl of lentil soup. A bowl of angel hair pasta, with olives and spinach, was quite tasty - not special, but good.
Cons
Smoke occasionally poured out of the kitchen - ask to sit toward the front. When it's full, you won't be able to hear much of the conversation at your table (which, depending upon the company, might be a good thing!). As for the food, I didn't see anything on the menu that was from Morocco. We had a "smoked salmon pizza" - cold lox on buttered, grilled-but-cold flatbread. Save your money. Avoid the Caesar Salad. There was nothing caesary about it - not a hint of anchovy, the archetypal fish of the Mediterranean.
We didn't exhaust the menu but nothing we ate nothing that warranted the prices, nor the five star reviews. If Figs were around the corner, I'd eat there once or twice a year - there appear to be a few worthy items on the menu and the ambiance is fine. But it's not worth a trek across the city.Had a great experience for NYE's 2012.  They were very accommodating, had a party for 6 and let us add another person.
Dinner service was great and attentive. 
Food Great!
Everyone Loved the dishes from the first bite.
YOU must try the deserts.  (my wife had Brownie, that she wouldn't share. Friend had Cookie Assortment was so good, Fig Icecream was just too good)
Try it you'll love it!!!Went Wednesday night with some friends. We split the lavender honey brie which was awesome! I had the swordfish which was delicious. Everyone liked their meals.  The only disappointment was the dessert, I had the bread pudding which was not what I was expecting. It was more like slices of French toast with some ice cream on top, tasted good but not exactly bread pudding.Super delish omelette..  Everyone else got the Moroccan Eggs which were a HUGE hit.  I can't wait to come back and have the challah (sp?) raisin French toast.  mmmmmmmmmmmmm
Awesome place.  Definitely going back for Brunch and Dinner.I recently went to Figs for a Valentine's Day dinner with my boyfriend. The restaurant is cozy and beautiful, the food is well prepared and absolutely delicious. The only thing keeping me from giving this place 5 stars is that the chef was incredibly rude to us and some other patrons upon our arrival. We were never greeted properly upon entering. The chef came up to our crowd and abruptly asked who was next. We all responded that we had a 9pm res and he shouted "everyone has 9 o'clock now tell me who's next!" At that point it was ten minutes past our res time and I was not in the mood to get yelled at by people we are giving our money to. I urged my boyfriend to get a cab so we could just go home. We were very close to leaving, but got seated right before we did. I am glad we stayed as our waitress was very attentive and polite. Our service was sharp and timely, and food came out very quickly. I ordered the cream of red pepper soup (5 stars) and the sesame crusted salmon (5 stars). Delicious food, but maybe the grumpy chef should take some notes from our friendly waitress.I wanted to love this place: I came open minded, building on my earlier experience, which was fantastic - and I wanted to recapture that. Not to be.  Made reservation for 6 pm on a Saturday, for pre-theater dinner, and to continue hubby's b'day celebration. We were running 10 min late, so I specifically called to say so, and clearly inquired if the table will wait. I was just as clearly told there would be no problems. 
We arrive, as noted 10 min late, and had to wait for almost 20 min to be seated. If you were ever at this restaurant, there is no entry foyer, no hostess area where you can discreetly wait.  You are literally standing at the front door, in full view of the diners and looking over them, sending subliminal messages to "step on it. " ( and feel they are responding "I'll go when I'm good and ready"). 
By the time we did sit down, we had lees than an hour to inhale our dinner and run out, to make it to the theater. Since we stick with vegetarian choices, we thought a Moroccan restaurant will be a good dining decision. 
We decided to take an array of apps and enjoy the "tapas" style meal with a bottle of wine we brought. We ordered  salmon and hummus pizza (seemed different and exotic), eggplant & cheese lasagna sans pasta, peppered scallops, and an a combo of baba ganush, tzatziki and stuffed grape leaves.  We thought 4 apps would be filling enough. 
We mentioned our time constraint, and asked for plates to come it as they were prepared.  In he meantime, we received some sliced bread and a bean dip - which I'm 95% certain came from a can. 
Soon the pizza arrived: nothing exotic - a pita smothered with humus and slices of smoked salmon laid on top, sprinkled with chopped onion, slightly warmed up. Interesting. Then came the combo plate - only instead of tzatziki there was more hummus. We pointed out the mistake, and received a small saucer of tzatziki. All three items on the combo plate tasted like they were mass produced, and not home made. The scallops, described as seared with black pepper on top, truly appeared pale, more like poached, and looked & tasted like they were cooked barely enough to be safe to eat. We did not finish these. The "lasagna" was just a mush of ingredients. By this point in time we were so disappointed with the dinner, we just wanted to leave, and have dessert elsewhere. 
The place was too noisy (there was ~20-person party kicking off) and the open kitchen gave way to a smoky, garlicky haze to settle over the dining area.  All added up to an experience best forgotten. 
We did ask who was the chef that evening, as Fig's web site promotes its owner as the creative chef. We were told another person was the chef that (unfortunate) evening, and he probably had nothing to do with our apps. 
If you go, I suggest you focus on main dishes, which, hopefully, will have the chef's touch, as my experience says apps are pre-fabbed and not worth your time or money.We were a group of 10 and everything ordered was absolutely delicious. I chose this restaurant after reading reviews on Yelp, and must say I confer with others' reviews as being a wonderful place to experience.
 Dinners ordered were Pan Seared Tuna, with a yummy coconut sauce that was not cloyingly sweet, sesame encrusted salmon, filet, scallops, mussels, and desserts of mango sorbet, and fig and pistachio ice creams.
 The place is cozy and cute , with saffron colored walls and a green painted floor - a perfect neighborhood restaurant - I wished I lived in the neighborhood, but still worth a 45 minute drive from Bucks CountyThe food was great. The place was beautiful.  But the service was awful. The waiter was inattentive throughout the meal, and changed shift towards the end of our meal. We asked for water after we paid the check with tip, and the lady server looked at us and ignored us the first time. After waving her down the second time (10min later) she ran to the table and screamed: "you gotta give me a chance. I'm servicing all these tables!!!"
All I wanted was water. I felt like I was trespassing in her house and she wanted to shoo me out!! We will never return. Too bad since the food was actually good. :(Figs was above and beyond amazing. My fiancé was looking for a romantic BYOB to go to after he proposed, and he selected Figs. It is a small, neighborhood restaurant. It is beautifully decorated. Being Moroccan food, it was exotic and romantic without looking tacky. For appetizers we got the melted brie, which comes with melted brie, honey, sliced almonds, and lavender oil. It was incredible and we have talked about it several times since. Sliced bread with a white bean spread comes with the meal and that was also really tasty (and a fantastic alternative to bread with butter). For dinner we got the sesame crusted salmon and the king shrimp in a light Thai curry sauce. Everything was cooked to perfection, the flavors worked well together, and the wait staff were attentive and very sweet. 
It's a BYOB, so people from the surrounding neighborhood also came in with a few bottles of wine to catch up with friends, in pairs or groups. 
If you are looking for something different, delicious, and romantic, or for just hanging out with friends to share a great meal, I could not recommend Figs more. Also, it is REALLY reasonably priced for the quality and intimacy of the place.Small quiet byob tucked away in the fairmount area. Great food and service! Cash only. We ordered the baked brie, mussels, lamb shank and sesame crusted salmon entree and everything was fantastic!Everything on the menu is reasonably priced for the large portions and the quality of the food. It is not Moroccan;  the spices and the way the food is cooked are not reminiscent of it, but it is still scrumptious. I love that it is BYOB, and wish it were not CASH ONLY!
The waitstaff  to consumers is what keeps me from giving Figs five stars. I think Figs doesn't realize how successful they are and therefore refrain from hiring additional staff, and take on more than they can handle.I came here for date night and had a great time. I love the low key ambiance with BYO and delicious food - I got eggplant goat cheese lasagna, baked Brie and the whole fish of the day. 
The service is rather slow- only downside. I would definitely come back, I hear the brunch is really good.Yum! I had the pistachio-crusted salmon and it was incredible! The brie appetizer was great too. I was a bit disappointed by the bread provided with the bean dip, but that was minor. The service is very good, the decor is pretty. Great date spot!I live 4 blocks away, so this is our go-to BYO, but our NYC friends say it is their Philly favorite now too. Warning: I am one of those people who always orders the same thing.  I know, I SHOULD order something other than the grilled shrimp, vegetables and the substitute vanilla rice, but every time I go I am reminded of just how fabulous this entree is!  Crisp, perfectly cooked shrimp, FRESH FRESH FRESH veggies and the vanilla rice, so aromatic and perfect. Fortunately for review purposes, my husband is a bit more adventurous and has tried pretty much everything on the menu.  "Can't say enough good things about Figs" pretty much sums up his experience too.  He even loved the vegetarian entree.  We like that you can always get extra flat bread to go with the hummus or the baked brie. Brunch is fabulous - and yes I ALWAYS get the goat cheese- tomato omelet, but I ask for extra spinach, light goat cheese and egg whites and it still manages to come out fluffy, hot and amazing.  I do wish that there was whole grain toast as an option, but I guess I'm too busy scarfing down the truly fresh-squeezed OJ and great Morrocan coffee to care too much.  Sundays can be crowded so GO EARLY if you hate waiting a few minutes for a table or crowds.   Our kids were treated like royalty on the handful of occasions when we brought them, usually on a weeknight.  They treat my picky eater's requests with no problem (plain grilled chicken, no herbs, no sauce, veg on sep plate...) and the kids eat about 4 things of the complimentary white bean dip and they never bat an eyelash. The staff seems to remember us now and we feel really at home - so it's a PERFECT neighborhood restaurant for us.  Parking, oy! Not an issue for us. I just feel for the people who can't walk to get there and drive around looking for a place to park for who-knows-how-long before they sit down to eat!This was hands-down one of the best brunches I've ever had.
My husband is from Philly and this was a local spot for him when he lived in the neighborhood. 
Moroccan inspired breakfast fare at a really great price. That day it happened to be freezing and the warm tea was a godsend. 
Will def be back when we're in town!Small cute place nestled in the art museum nieghborhood with a friendly staff. When we walked in the hostess kindly reminded us it was cash only and a BYOB so you could walk out if you had no cash, or run and get some wine because it was a BYOB. However as a Yelp fanatic, I was very prepared with bottle in hand and boy with cash. 
The baked brie was DELICIOUS. Honey and almonds... and it was gone. We also had the peppered scallops which were also perfectly cooked. So far, so good.
I got the swordfish with date bbq sauce and although it was tasty, the date bbq sauce was pretty much providing an ocean for the swordfish to swim in. It was just way much. The vanilla rice was a nice respite with the overwhelming bbq flavor. Boy got the braised lamb shank which I tried that was cooked deliciously well. We then shared the warm peach bread pudding which was dry and didn't taste a lick of peach. So, eh.
So needless to say, this place was good but not very consistent.This place was effing awesome. I went here for a Valentines date with my girl and we loved every bite. This place is also a byob, so that brings it up a notch. 
    Each of us got the specials of the day which were a salmon and duck dish. The duck was perfectly cooked, and the salmon was seasoned spectacularly. The sides went great with each main course and i was super full afterwards
    The service was fantastic, and very friendly. We have been back a bunch of times since our first experience, and i highly suggest going here for an intimate date in the lovely fairmount neighborhoodWas in Philly for a few days and decided to come here for lunch before visiting the Museum of Art. There wasn't any other diners in there but we decided to give it a try. We ordered three dishes from the appetizers. The Tapas plate with Baba Ganoush, Fish Salad and Tzaziki was delicious. The Fish salad is definitely something you should try; it is extremely flavorful and the Tzaziki was probably the best I've ever had. We also ordered the Goat cheese lasagna and the Lavender honey Brie pot; both were something different and unique from the dishes I usually order. The flavors blended together extremely well and the presentation was really nice. The prices were affordable and the restaurant itself was clean. If I was in Philly longer, I would definitely come back to try their dinner menu!The food at this restaurant was really disappointing, although the people were very nice and the decor was good. The best part of the meal were the appetizers, the baked brie in a honey lavender liquid and a mezze platter. The hummus was coarse and not great. 
My whole fish was fine, with a side of mashed potatoes that were a little wet. MY daughter ordered the lamb shank. It did not deliver the flavor that this dish should have. It was kind of bland. My wife had Indonesian KIng shrimp that she enjoyed and I'm glad that i did not order it because it had a very strong, unusual flavor that I did not like. 
This restaurant is listed as Moroccan, but has a range of different dishes. Just disappointing food preparation.Our foursome came to Figs last Friday armed with a few bottles of liquid fun ,in search of a memorable meal. We arrived a few minutes after our reservation time due to rain and  of course the parking situation in Fairmount is awful. Wine opened and flowing freely we as a table decided to split some apps, bake brie, mussels, and scallops. After our apps orders were placed we were brought out some fresh bread and hummus. The bread was soft and chewy with a nice crust and the hummus had a great balance of chickpeas and spice. The favorite app of the table was the brie.
 It was delish , and served in a clay pot drizzled with lavender honey, the pita points that came along side were a great match up with the cheese.  The scallops and mussels were just alright and the scallops had a slight fishy odor that rubbed us all the wrong way. The mussel broth was fantastic but the mussels were not as plump and sweet as I'm used to, and at least 4 were still slightly closed never a good sign. 
Entrees came and silence quickly took over the table as we ate the lamb shank, swordfish, sole stuffed with crab and the pasta. The other diners  at the table seemed to enjoy their meals a lot my dish the swordfish could have used just a little more salt and the extra sweet date sauce drizzled on top of the already sweet rice was a little sugar over kill I think the dish could use more savory elements.
Dessert was solid the fig ice cream is as good as everyone says and the chocolate chips canoli were better than some I've had at Italian bakeries. 
I liked the décor, music and ambiance of this place its VERY intimate and cozy (SMALL) including the entry way into the restaurant. There is an open kitchen which I usually enjoy but we sat away from it as to avoid the loud clatter of pots and pans. Overall the meal was good. I probably wouldn't rush back for dinner but the brunch menu is worth checking out.my absolute favorite brunch spot - order the breakfast BLT or Moroccan Eggs - everything is good, but those are my favorites. And the mint tea. yum.I have only good things to say about my dinner at Figs last night! The weather was great, and we scored a table outdoors on a warm spring night on a quiet street in Fairmount.
This is a cash only BYOB. The prices are about $18-$24 an entree, but the portion size is well worth it. We split the brie appetizer, which was full of herbacious flavors and crunchy almonds, and received a white bean spread to start. For our entrees, we had the lamb shank over couscous and vegetables, and the fish special of the night. Overall, everything tasted like my grandma's home cooking, if my grandma was Moroccan (and she's not). Everything was made with love and the generous portions really made it feel like a family style meal, as opposed to overpriced fine dining fanciness.
We were too stuffed for dessert, but I really hope to come back here soon. I noticed the brunch menu was extremely reasonable, and I see reviews raving about it. Hope to try it really soon and take advantage of the outdoor seating again.As a sommelier at a very well known restaurant in the city I have very high standards for hospitality in this industry. I have never been more appalled by a dining experience then the one I had at this restaurant. I went for lunch to celebrate a friend's birthday. She is a Food and Beverage Director at a fine dining restaurant in the city and was given a $100 gift card from a guest of hers. The food was hit or miss and the service was pretty bad. The chef apparently doubles as the server as well. I had to not only ask for a menu but also silverware throughout the course of our lunch. When the bill came it was $105. We placed the gift certificate along with $30 cash as the "servers" tip in the check presenter. He came back to let us know that the gift certificate had expired and was no longer valid because they had already done their taxes and counted the $100 towards their sales. Not only is this illegal and poor booking keeping but refusing to let us use a gift that had already been paid for its just HORRIBLE hospitality. A gift certificate's value should only be applied to the stores net sales AFTER it has been redeemed. The man said that he spoke with the owners and they said they could still not accept it. They made my friend walk three blocks down the road to an ATM to take out another $100 cash so now they were making out double the money on the bill. He must have been surprised to see that we did not leave him a tip after this ridiculous ordeal because as we were half way up the block we were chased after by the irate chef/server with my friends to go food that she had left on the table. He screamed "DON'T FORGET YOUR F***ING FOOD!" and threw the bag at my head. I am still in disbelief as I write this review. I don't know how this place is still open with people like that running the show. I didn't know whether to call the police or the Better Biz Bureau. I opted for the later. Hopefully they are shut down soon. Do yourself and your physical safety a favor and DON'T EAT HERE.I have lived in the Art Museum area for years, and the one restaurant in the city that my wife and I will go to over and over again is Figs.  It has great atmosphere and great food.  All of our friends and family we have taken there have had nothing but praise for it, saying it's one of the best places they've eaten.  
Figs is a Mediterranean BYO that has a bit of a Moroccan flair.  We have had a lot of the appetizers and entrees on the menu, but I'll just concentrate on a couple to whet your appetite.  The baked brie with honey is very delightful as an appetizer, as the last reviewer noted.  Also, the tuna sashimi (called my favorite appetizer) is very fresh and delicious.  And you couldn't go wrong with any of the choices for the tapas plate (hummus, baba ganoush, etc.)  
For entrees, the shrimp with vanilla rice is absolutely fantastic - the grilled shrimp pair great with the sweet, but not overly sweet, rice.  The whole fish of the day is very enjoyable, grilled to tenderness with simply spiced roasted potatoes and asparagus, as to not compete with the delicious fish.  They have great filet and chicken dishes as well, and the crispy duck breast is a sweet change of pace.  
Make sure you call ahead for a reservation, though...on Friday and Saturday nights, you may be waiting for awhile if you don't.  The dining room is a bit small, but bigger than other BYOs I've been to in the city.  Figs has some outside seating during the nicer days of the year as well, which is nice since it's in a quaint neighborhood.  
Did I mention they have brunch too?  I haven't been, but my friends have and they say it is excellent with reasonable prices.  
If you haven't been to Figs, you just don't know what you're missing.This place is so tasty and very reasonably priced! We loved our eggs brunch here...delicious!  I highly recommend it for brunch if you're near the Art Museum or in Fairmount.I went here yesterday for a date. It was so nice. I think the normal menu is more Moroccan but the Moroccan eggs were very tasty and the pancakes felt home style. I liked the prices for Philly and we ended it with a nice ice cream dessert. Also, their mango shorbet and lemonade was good.Great restaurant, nice ambiance.  I can't remember what I ordered for my main course because I was here sometime last year, but everything was good.  I know the appetizer was the brie and bread and that was awesome!  Go here!After waiting 15 minutes for an uber, we decided to have dinner a little closer to home. We walked into Fig, only to walk back out again into the freezing cold to a ATM because they are cash only. However, our experience inside was divine!! Starters: Brie in a clay pot, Med. sample plate, and white bean paste, all with fresh pita. Mains: hanger steak, pumpkin soup(!!!), spanakopita. Dessert: fresh tea (recommended, what a great finish to the meal!!), bread pudding, apple cobbler, all with fresh ice cream. Total: $75. Great finish to a full day in Philly!The baked swordfish with date bar-b-que sauce is in the top three dinners I've ever had in Philadelphia (been here 10ish years).
I'd love to  give it one star in the hopes of dissuading people from visiting so that I can have it all to myself and my close friends, but the awesome people at Figs absolutely deserve 5 stars.
And the Moroccan mussels? Terrible. Don't get 'em. Leave 'em all for me. I'll take care of 'em.
God, that was a fantastic dinner.Figs is a BYOB in Fairmount. The food is spectacular, which is why it is always packed. The owner and staff are friendly. Great atmosphere. A fun place to dine.What a wonderful meal!
I am so happy my boyfriend picked this as our Friday night date spot. I had never heard of Figs, nor had I ever had Moroccan food so I was twice as eager to check this place out. 
The restaurant is tucked into a cute little neighborhood and sits on the corner of a block. Inside, the decor is really cozy and we got seated close to the window.
Our server was Leyla (I'm probably butchering the spelling of her name and I'm terribly sorry) and she was fabulous. 
We started off with a couple appetizers: the Baked Brie in Clay Pot, the Mediterranean Tapas Plate and the Mussels. OMG! I particularly loved the grape leaves, but everything was delicious. 
As an entree, I got the Sesame Crusted Salmon (thank you Leyla for suggesting it) which was laying on top of garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus... I can't even tell you how good...
My boyfriend went with the King Shrimp over orzo and raisins with a curry sauce. His dish was definitely more adventurous than mine, but amazing nonetheless. 
We ended the meal with the brownies, which were probably a bit underwhelming compared to the rest of the meal, and a pot of their yummy mint tea - which I drank to the last drop!
The cherry on the pie? It's a BYO.
LOVED this spot and I hope to go back soon.I have been to Figs twice, and its a pretty good place. Neither visit has been perfect, but there have been good things about both visits. 
The first visit, I had a mako shark special with pineapple salsa, spinach, and vanilla rice. This was AWESOME. I highly recommend their seafood and anything with the vanilla rice. Another highlight was the eggplant appetizer and the grape leaves. Mmmm....
The one negative of this visit was that our part of 3 had a reservation that was not honored. We waited for about 30 minutes, then they tried to fit us into a table where we would basically be sitting in a line--not condusive to conversation. Eventually they found us a table and the meal was very enjoyable, but this was a major flaw in the service. 
The second visit, I had the shrimp with orzo. This was a little disapointing. The menu listed all sorts of lovely additions to the orzo (pine nuts, fruit, etc) but the dish that came out to me was fairly homogenous and did not live up to the description. 
Ultimately, Figs is a pretty good value and a nice neighborhood spot. I will probably go back for a third visit.Food:
I started off with the BEET SALAD which was remarkable.  It was comprised of a great deal of roasted red beets, haricots verts, greens and a very nice chalky goat cheese.  The harmony of flavors and subtle hint of figs in the fig-infused balsamic will encourage me to order this salad with every visit.
My girlfriend and I shared the SMOKED SALMON PIZZA which had a layer of pita, topped with hummus, smoked salmon, capers and red onion.  Simple, but very tasty.
For dinner, I had the LAMB SHANK TAGINE- braised lamb shank with vegetables and cous cous.  The lamb was succulent and fell off the bone with little effort.  A prominent saffron and citrus flavor emerged which was quite pleasant.  I enjoyed the texture of the cous cous, also.
Service:
In spite of the large volume and high energy environment, an older gentleman and woman kept our water glasses full and were quick to keep our courses moving along.  We brought two bottles of wine that were opened promptly, chilled appropriately and poured for us.  Our table was touched with every course.
Environment:
Very cute inside with old looking tables, Moroccan artifacts and a beautiful ceiling.  I also like that you can see the kitchen and smell the food cooking.
We were too full for dessert, but I will absolutely return to try a fig-related treat.  I plan on also giving their brunch a try.Figs is definitely a gem of a restaurant in our city! The place is very small, but the food is phenomenal! To date, I have tried plenty of items on their menu, incuding filet mignon, tuna, crabcake (seasonal)...they were all so delicious!! The price is VERY reasonable for the quality of food that you are receiving. Two things to know: it is a BYOB and they only accept cash. So if you are going there for a special event or just to have a relaxing evening, be prepared with those two things!This place was great. I came here with a friend for fairmount restaurant week. We arrived around 6:30/7- just in time to beat the dinnertime rush that came in after us. There was only 1 waiter working that night and he was zipping around like a busy bee. I tried the baked brie with honey and pita- it was good (not my favorite), a little too sweet but was a healthy portion for an app. My friend had the veggie flatbread; again good, but its been done before and I've had better. What made the night for both of us were the entrees. My friend had the tuna in the banana coconut curry sauce - AMAZING! And i had the crab stuffed sole with mushroom cream sauce- again, AMAZING! If you dont like mushrooms, then the stuffed sole is not for you (in which case I will gladly eat it for you). The banana coconut curry was a very mild, yet extremely flavorful accompaniment to the tuna. We finished off with fig and pistachio homemade ice cream. The fig was okay (6/10) but the pistachio was solid (8.5/10). I cant wait to go back and see what other treats this small byob holds!I live 2 blocks from the place and have been a few times; definitely recommended.  Dinner is the meal you go for.  Brunch is average at best.  The menu has very tasteful options and everyone I dined with really enjoyed their food.  I had a seafood medley bit in a curry.  Much better than I expected.  Brother had the tuna which was prepared rare and tasted fresh.  Shrimp dish was good.  Sorry, not the best review.  It was a few months back that I went but I remember being very impressed and looking forward to going back, if that helpsThe brunch option is delicious AND cheap. I had crab eggs benedict with fresh squeezed OJ. YUMMMMM. The poached eggs and English muffin never tasted so good. The home fries were yummy, too but it had a weird texture and color.
My cousin had build your own omelet with mushroom and cheese. That ruled as well. However, I failed to notice it until later on since I was aggressively digging into my scrumptious crab eggs benedict. 
Sat outside with my puppy - it was a wonderful Sunday brunch and I can't wait to go back for dinner sometime soon. It's a BYO - I got my malbec ready. 
P.S. It's CASH ONLY!!! Just sayin'.Im shocked this place isnt rated higher.  Perhaps I had a randomly good meal here, but I doubt it.
I was not expecting a ton from a place that has a 3.5 star average, but this is definitely my go to BYO from now on.
A group of 8 of us arrived at a pretty staggered pace and I was certain this would throw off/piss off the wait staff, but it did not.  We ordered some apps and the standouts were the smoked salmon and hummus (who knew) pizza.  Shockingly good.  The mussels were THE BEST mussels I have ever had.  People all across our table were vying for a chance to sop up that sauce.  I cant wait to get them again.
Entrees were all very good. My favorites were the tuna and the strip steak.  Both were so flavorful and perfectly cooked.  I am usually not a big group kinda eater because generally someone gets cold food or something that was sitting under heat lamps forever.  Everyone at our table was stoked to find that their dishes were fresh, warm and delicious.    
Definitely try the fig and pistachio ice creams.  SO GOOD!
Plus its a BYO, so if Im wrong, you still didnt kill your checking account.  Check this place out.This is a fabulous weekend brunch spot. I truly recommend anything on the brunch menu, as it's all fantastic. Also try the mint tea, sweet. It's like heaven in a little tin pot. Cash only, and the space is cramped, but if you can get past that it's a gem.My friend and I love going to different BYOs every time we meet up. We settled on Figs since she had moved to the Fairmount area, but unfortunately it was snowy when we went and the roads around here are not very well plowed or shoveled.  When we arrived, we were kind of surprised by how romantic this restaurant is and very quiet (almost too quiet) even though there were a couple tables in the small restaurant. 
We started with the tapas plate with tzatziki, baba ghanoush and stuffed grape leaves. They were served on one plate and some were different temperatures. It made me wish they were separated into little dishes or something. Nonetheless it was a good array of Mediterranean flavors. 
For our entrees, I got the filet mignon with gorgonzola. The meat was cooked a perfect medium-rare and the flavors went nicely together. The onions sounded exciting but were less than so in execution. My friend got the crispy duck, and she really liked the bread pudding that accompanied it. After dinner we caved and got dessert, but it was so unmemorable that I can't even remember what we chose.