We had a most pleasant experience this morning at Fiore. We enjoyed coffee, a latte, a pistachio pastry and a morning bun. 
These were the finest pastries I have had in a very long time! Flaky, crunchy, tender, buttery and flavorful. Will be going back soon. 
So much better than anything I've had at Hungry Pigeon. 
They aren't yet open for dinner every evening, but you can check their website for special Regional Italian dinners. They don't have a liquor license, but have applied. 
I will update this review after I've had dinner there.Fiore has delicious and versatile Italian baked goods. The hazelnut cornettis rival Hungry Pigeon' s Almond Croissants.The savory baked goods are perfect too, Calabrian cheese and Chile rolls ( can't remember exact Italian name). Its worth a walk over to Front and Catharine streets. The mochas are great too, strong and not overly sweet.Best vanilla-cream-filled bomboloni! The chef uses vanilla beans to flavor the filling. The cream is smooth like French eclairs, and the bread part is well executed. These are highlights of my weekends!Nothing beats a breakfast of fresh pastries. When I seen some pictures of their pastries it piqued our interest. 
We stopped by before doing some errands to grab a couple tasty morsels, and they did not disappoint . 
They were incredibly fresh. The filling on the bomboloni was very creamy and Rich not overly sweet. I really enjoyed the texture and light crispness to the morning bun.
Both were excellent. Hard to pick a favorite so I won't, but I will stop by again when I'm in the area for sure.Incredible restaurant! Definitely Expensive BUT worth every dollar. Four of us went on Friday early evening. We had no trouble parking at the lot - Front and Bainbridge. It was a short walk from there. We were met at the door by a woman who had the most beautiful smile. The restuarant space and bar - very inviting. Our waiter was Peter was exceptional in taking care of the four us. Every thing we ordered was AWESOME!  The detail should be attached picture of the receipt. So Go!Couldn't be happier they're in the neighborhood! The food is fresh, creative and delicious. The ambiance is cool and comfortable. Our new go-to.Delicious Italian food from various regions throughout Italy. We ordered a bunch of the small plates, 3 of the pastas and a couple of meat dishes to share amongst 4 of us. I really enjoyed everything, it was perfectly cooked. The pork was a little undercooked for my liking but that's how it was supposed to be, just not for me. The restaurant looked clean and modern and the staff were really nice. The neighborhood is also really nice, it looks historic. I would eat here again.The food is good, but overpriced. The service was the deal breaker for me. It took over 15 minutes just to get water.Lately, there has been a lot of buzz around Fiore, the newest brunch hot spot in Philly. Unfortunately, we stopped in to try out their dinner menu, which was generally pretty good, but just not memorable, and which suffered from uneven portion sizes for the mains.
Far and away the best dish of the night was the black tea smoked duck. Duck seems to be having a star moment in the gourmet food scene and Fiore's take, with its juicy meat, wood-fired charred skin tempered perfectly by the sweet cherry glaze, and nice textural interest from the almonds, did the fowl proud. The pastas we tried were both delicious; the fettucine with ramps in particular was excellent. Our waitress did warn us that the pastas are very small and she was right; the three of us each had just two bites of each pasta dish. Our appetizers were fine, but just not memorable. If I hadn't taken some photos to document our meal, I would have forgotten what we ate. 
The most disappointing dish for us was the black bass, which the menu said served two. We received a small fish - probably about 1lb, and seeing as it was smaller than the duck main (which the menu did not say served two), there was no way that fish was meant to serve two. Also, the fish looked promisingly charred, but by the time it arrived at our table, the skin had already started to go soggy. I think this dish should be updated to be market price, because for $52, we expected a main that would serve two and it left a bitter taste in our mouth when such a small fish arrived. 
It wasn't only us who noticed the portioning issue - the lady at the table next to us ordered the soft shell crab main while her dining partner ordered a meat main and she commented that her dish was appetizer-sized. It seems like the meat dishes are more consistently portioned, so maybe skip the seafood at Fiore.
Unfortunately, the desserts, which are usually my favorite part of the meal, also just didn't quite do it for me. The budino was very sweet and its texture made me think it needed another 10 minutes of defrosting; however, one of my dining mates really enjoyed her hazelnut panna cotta, so maybe I just made a bad choice.
Thankfully, the meal ended on a high note when we decided to do the amari tasting. The guy who chose our flight and described it to us was clearly passionate and knowledgeable, and each amari had a noticeably different flavor profile.
I still want to try the brunch sometime, but as far as dinner goes, it'll be a while before I revisit this place - Fiore clearly still has some growing pains to figure out.One of the best meals I've had in a long time. All the pasta was amazing, the lamb was spectacular, and the dessert was fantastic. That mixed with the great amari selection and this place is an absolute home run.Last night four of us went to Fiori for dinner. Music was deafeningly loud. Took more than half as dozen separate requests to have it turned down to get some results. Awful music selection as well. Service ok. Some dishes excellent and some not tasty. Duck great! Lamb not. Dry and overcooked. Do not recommend this restaurant.So after many wonderful mornings of coffee and pastries at Fiore (Official name is Fiore Fine Foods) in the old Kanella South location at Front and Fitzwater, we went there for dinner last night and I thought I'd share my (obviously) subjective comment here.
First off, I knew in advance that the menu is small.  And they do not have "specials". And two of the entrees (the Porterhouse Pork Chop and the Short Rib) are only available to share. The pastas are not large - for an entrée - and the mains do not come with any sides. The sides consist of mostly starches (gnocchi- lentils or potatoes);no green vegetables.  Given the above we had a wonderful meal and you can too if you know up front what to expect.
First the food. Though we don't usually "share" separate entrees (the ones that come with sides) we knew the meats her were for sharing. And we wanted to try the pasta. We ordered the  "Agnolotti del Plin braised pork | chicken sugo" $16.00 to share. It was a small portion of mini raviolis filled with braised pork in a super delicious sauce. I'd guess there were 20 or 30 of the small filled squares. We then ordered the Pork Porterhouse Chop. (It was not the rack of pork which is on their online menu but it was same price of $37 (to share). Since we learned that nothing else comes on the plate we opted to share the "Butterball Potatoes leeks | radicchio | parmigiana"  $7.00. 
I should point out that one of my personal annoyances with new restaurants like Hungry Pigeon and Southwark is that there is an extra $4.00 charge for bread. (And at the new Olly they don't even offer bread yet). Well, at Fiore Bread is brought before the meal and - like everything co-owner Justine bakes, it's fabulous. No not crusty French bread but soft herb bread what will remind you a really, really soft pretzel. And so when the pasta arrived and was consumed it was there to sop up every drop of the sauce.  Next the Pork Chop arrived and it was really substantial! The chop (sourced from Wells meats)  was originally probably 3 1  1/2 inches thick but was cut into thick slices with the loin on one side and the rib meat on the other and the T--bone on the plate to chew on. It was topped with some greens and pine nuts   The portion of potatoes with a sauce of olive oil and parmigiana had about 8 potatoes and was more than enough for two. And, of course, I used that bread to clean the sauce from that dish too. We were actually getting full and wanted dessert so we actually took home about a ¼ of the port.
There were four desserts (plus gelato) on the menu. I picked two and asked our server to have Juliana pick one for us. She chose the "Torta di Riso rhubarb marmellata | sesame & sunflower seed gelato" which was $10. It wasn't huge but a wonderful mix of flavors and something unique. 
We did not order wine and passed on coffee and the bill for two of us (with tax and before gratuity) was just over $70. And we were (happily) full. 
Because it was a holiday week - and many folks are out of town. It was not full and half the tables were twos while the rest were fours. One table (we arrived at 7:15) had two couples and a child (maybe 7 years old)  There is lively music playing and - personally - I did not find it distracting. And we could converse without being bothered by other tables. Even after the sun went down there was enough light to read the dessert menu. 
Service was both professional and friendly. The "Maitre' d" is Thaddeus, and we were served by both Nick (who is there in mornings too) and Peter. Co-owner Justine  stopped at most tables to get feedback. Her husband - Ed - was cooking. 
My only concerns about the menu here is that it is limited in choices for Mains. I am not a fan of "specials" when they are usually much higher than rest of menu (and you have to pry the price from the server.  Yes, we could have the Pork Chop or the Short Rib again - and we will! - but it's not a menu that invites  you to return more than once every  month or so. And adding a "green vegetable" (I'm sure it will be creatively cooked) would be a plus.
When I considered that this whole meal cost us about the same as the $35 pp "Restaurant Week" menus, I realized that Fiore's is a wonderful edition to our neighborhood. I'll still be there for my morning coffee and pastry but now it's a dinner destination for us as well.
I hope you found my "review" helpful.tl;dr neighborhood charm meets sophisticated dining at this friendly Italian 
Coffeeshop by day and amaro bar by night, Fiore promises traditional Italian fare. Tucked away on the fringes of Queen's Village, neighborhood locals mix with foodies journeying from far and wide. The large space is divided into a restaurant and a full bar. The former is filled with two- and four-seater tables and booths, each with a generous amount of room. Despite the clamor of the open kitchen and the buzz of conversation, the restaurant takes intentional steps to make an intimate dining experience. The lights are dimmed, and tables are illuminated primarily by a candle. Two walls are completely lined by windows, allowing natural light during the day and reflecting the blazing fire from the hearth at night. Carpentry-style wood-block tables complement stitched upholstery booths. The white ceiling is decorated with patterned wooden slats, and pendant lights hanging down periodically about the space. Exposed brick is whitewashed, then painted with flora.
I'd been craving Italian food for weeks, so my partner and I decided to hit up Fiore. Although everything on the menu made my mouth water, we decided on the Cacio e Pepe Fritelle, the Kalbi Short Rib, the Mezzaluna, the Black Tea Smoked Duck, and Fried Cauliflower. The fritelle channeled a strong pepperiness on its perfectly crispy exterior, contrasted by the gooey richness of the cheese within and balanced out by a surprisingly zingy tomato jam -- in essence, these were the really best mac & cheese balls that I have ever eaten. Moving on, the short rib portion size was impressively generous for an appetizer, served with radishes and crisp maitake and drizzled with a paradoxically sour-and-earthy vinaigrette. Meanwhile, our pasta, proclaimed by our waitress to be one of the highlights on the menu, alone could put many other reputable Italian establishments to same: the al dente texture became more dynamic alongside poppy seeds, while the buttery citrus sauce and fluffy ricotta-and-beet filling perfectly embodied the last days of summer.  To our entree, the duck had a nicely charted skin, bitter notes contrasted by the tart cherry BBQ-eqsue sauce. Everything was a-plenty, from the many slices of meat to the crunchy almonds and the chewy cherry pieces; ironically, my criticism is that the dish bordered on too large and slightly overwhelming. Our cauliflower offered a nice butteriness to help cut the sourness of the duck, but I didn't taste the anchovies and mint that were advertised.
Impressed with our meal, we found ourselves unable to commit to any one dessert -- so, of course, we opted for two: the Torta de Riso and the Corn & Summer Fruit Gelato. The former was a somewhat wet cake, topped with perfectly crisp caramelized sugar and plated with bourbon vanilla ice cream, poached pear, and grilled hazelnuts; while the cake itself was forgettable, the other components of the plate blended into an incredibly dynamic assortment of bites. Finally, the gelato, itself the size of my first, stuck the fine balance between sweet, smooth, creamy, and fruity.
Our check was delivered to our table nonchalantly, folded tastefully in a teacup beside two bite-sized thumbprint cookies. At $140 for two (which included a cocktail), Fiore finds itself on the cheaper end of the top-tier restaurants around Philly. While I won't say that it's an everyday affair, Fiore is a delicious and affordable upscale option for any special occasion.Queen Villagers know that nothing ever seems to last in the spot. I am crossing my fingers that this place will. The coffee, pastries, scones and cornetti and ricotta toasts I've tried have all been delicious. The staffers are all friendly and welcoming. We've done one pop-up dinner, and while the nighttime service was a little unpolished, and we felt a little rushed, the pastas, the main course (a succulent short rib for two) and the blood-orange gelato were all delicious. Looking forward to the day they start regular dinner service.Food was exceptional.  Waiter was very knowledgeable and professional with a warm smile that made you feel welcome. The desserts/pastries were quite possibly the best I've had.Nice space. Beautiful decor and friendly staff. I had the sausage breakfast sandwich and loved it! Ask for a side of (house made) hot sauce! I also had a chocolate chip cookie (flourless, I believe) that was fantastic and definitely holds its own just a few blocks from some really good ones at Famous 4th St.the food here in incredible! so intricate and truly not that pricey. my husband and i have come by for brunch a few times, and each trip we are blown away.  in my opinion, they definitely give hungry pigeon a run for their money for best food in queen village !Went for dinner on a week night. Excellent service and delicious food, portioned great for sharing. The home made bread and pastries shined. Recommend the caramelle pasta dish. Very limited selection of beer, and the wine a tad on the pricey side. Will definitely return on a Friday or Saturday night and try one of the larger meat dishes in the wood fire oven.Had a very good experience here. Our server was incredibly friendly and helpful with the menu. We ordered a several plates and shared them family style among four of us. We ordered the corn Agnolotti, Garganelli, Bucatini, Tilefish, Grilled Zucchini, and Gnocchi. Everything tasted great and was well portioned. My personal favorite was the Corn Agnolotti. It was the first time I ever had Tilefish and I was pleasantly surprised. I wouldn't change anything with our order.We are in love with this neighborhood gem. The pastries are out of this world - familiar but different all at the same time. Absolutely love the owners and can't wait for dinner service to begin.So please note (or do I want everyone to know?) Fiore Fine Foods now serves an outstanding dinner menu. The pastas are all delicate and uniquely flavored. Do not pass up the gnocchi, especially if you think you don't like gnocchi. The four of us all loved the mackerel with raisins and pine nuts. Jared, our server, was also four star. We're planning a return weekend to Philly with Fiore in mind. What a find!Stopped in today for the new Italian cafe that opened in the Kanella space. We love the space so we were happy they opened and much to our delight they were able to use much of the fit out. 
The owners greeted us warmly. We had coffee, pastries, pizza and their drinking chocolate. Everything was amazing. So simple and delicious and the space is so bright and open. 
We will be here many times and would recommend this place. Lovely people, great food and amazing space. What more could we ask for.Chefs MacNeil and Crochet are inspired. Everything we ordered was amazing. The whole Black Bass with tahini vinaigrette was particularly delicious, as were the Rye Campanelle pasta and the Mezzaluna (like a tender half moon ravioli).  The Farinata with artichokes reminds me of a Socca Cake from the south of France, but this Italian version is very special as well.  The service was great; the courses were well paced and the servers were attentive without being overbearing at any point. Don't miss the Torta di Riso and housemade gelato for dessert!We are in love with this neighborhood gem. The pastries are out of this world - familiar but different all at the same time. Absolutely love the owners and can't wait for dinner service to begin. 
Updated for Dinner experience:
This was our first time for dinner and it was incredible. We've had countless morning pastry runs and a brunch since Fiore opened. Each visit feels like it's even better than the last. 
The pastas are out of this world. Hand crafted and so incredibly fresh. I will have dreams of the Beef Short Rib for the next week. The flavor, tenderness, and perfect layer of crispy was from the oven left me stuffed yet craving more. 
You can't go wrong with the desserts - the gelato is creative and melts in your mouth. 
I would leave 6 stars if it was possible.We just got back from our first visit and it certainly won't be our last. We got to take advantage of the chef's tasting, by sitting at the chef's counter. Each course was better than then next!By far the best restaurant in Philly and the Tri-State area. Fantastic menu that you will need to come a dozen times just to scratch the surface.  If you can take the heat, sit at the chef's bar and watch them prepare and make every customer's dish in front of their wood fired and charcoal grill, smoker, and oven.  You might even sneak a couple cooking, prep, and recipes watching them prepare the edible pieces of art.  
We were just in Italy for a few weeks and their pasta and gelato is on par with Italy!I was excited to visit Fiore because I was told some of the dishes were really out of this world. I was not disappointed at all for a number of reasons. 
First, I really liked the vibes in here- it was spacious but felt intimate, and the decor was relaxed and inviting. Our table for 4 had plenty of room for our food and drinks and was comfortable.
Second was of course the food. We ordered a lot and enjoyed everything very much. The cacio e pepe fritelles were so delicious and unlike anything I've had. Other dishes of note was the Tortelloni and the Corn Agnolotti. I also loved the duck!
The service was great - our server was helpful in assisting us to decide how much to order, and was happy to share her favorites on the menu when we asked.
We finished off the meal with dessert and it was so good. I would not pass up the opportunity to try their gelato/ice cream...very interesting flavors and very tasty. I will definitely be coming back!The food was disappointing, the bread was cold, nothing, no oil or anything to make it appealing. To much vinagre on the Cod, same with the duck. Cocktails very nice and our waitress was amazing.
Travelled to Philadelphia to try restaurant scenery and this one unfortunately missed the markThis place is great! We ordered the Gnocchi, Casoncelli, Pork Shoulder Ragu, Beet and Ricotta on Semolina Toast, Garlic Zeppolee, and had the Hazelnut Gelato with Flourless Brownie for dessert. I thought everything was amazing right down to the table focaccia. Wine selection is slim but good. Ambience is also lovely and cozy. Would definitely recommend this for a dinner with friends or date night, but not  really family friend in my opinion.We were a party of 7 so at first we were forgiving of the slow service. Eventually, it became too much to ignore, especially when we saw other tables literally standing up to see if their food was coming because the kitchen is partially open. Only 2 people out of 7 enjoyed any part of their meals, not their whole meals entirely though. We would recommend the cacio e pepe fritelle, pork Ragu gnocchi and the chicken dish. Do not eat the fluke if you don't like the full fish in front of you, the shrimp is fishy, the pork shank was cooked to death and the pastas tasted old and over seasoned. The waitress was accommodating but I think a lot more could have been done. We didn't even bother to look at the coffee and dessert list, we just wanted our check and to get out of there ASAP. For the prices they charge there, they really need to get it together. Will never go back.I chose this restaurant for my birthday dinner.  I had loved it a year ago when I took another friend for hers.  
This meal was INCREDIBLE.  Eating comfortably on their patio was a delight.  The staff were amazingly friendly and warm and the meal was extraordinary.
Every single bite of the MANY things my party of 4 shared was mind-blowing.  I recommend you go with at least a party that size to try and savor a little of almost everything.  The Broccoli Rabe Zeppole were incredible (could just gorge on them all day and be in bliss).  The Spring garlic & nettle ricotta gnudi was LIFE CHANGING.  We all felt like life was so much better now that we experienced every savored bite of that!
As always the desserts are incredible here, and the rice pudding cake didnt sound exciting to me, but my friend loves rice pudding.  It was the BEST dessert I've had in ages!  It was like a blissful hybrid of rice pudding, flan, butter cake (philly Yo) and seemed even to have a toasted pine nut roasted flavor that made it like caramelized popcorn heaven.  It came with nicely done rhubarb marmellata.  
Epic meal at one restaurant certainly doing its share to make Philly one of the best eating destinations in the USA. :)This location is beautiful. Parking was not bad. They had outdoor seating on the side adjacent to a walking trail.
The food here was just ok. Bread came out cold but looks as if it was oven roasted. I had the egg sandwich. It was kinda bland, on the cold side. 
The grits were good according to my friend. Service was good, seems understaffed during brunch. Because their was only one server for the whole restaurant. 
I will have to come back another time to try out the food and rewrite my review.Ok. It's been awhile since I posted a review but Fiore needs to have a staff training on how to interact with guest. We arrived about 10 minutes late to our reservation, and were told the reservation was only for 2 when we made it on Rest for 6. Mind you, it's empty AF I the restaurant and the host tells us we need to show prof that we had a reservation, which we did, no big deal. Then the host proceeds to tell us that we have to be out by 8pm. SCREW YOU.  I'm a paying customer, if I want to enjoy my dinner, which I had a reservation for, I will stay until I'm ready. 
Besides this, we sat down and immediately ordered pasta for our niece and 45 minutes passed and they had forgotten about it. The food all eventually comes out and it's good but then we are once again told that we have 15 minutes to finish our meals. We left about 15 minutes after our "allotted" time and there were no other groups needing to be sat. Terrible guest experience. I've worked in fine dining and restaurants and I expected much better service from this place. We won't be back.I haven't had the chance to dine here, but was planning to before the pandemic.  I always see the posts online of their pastry and decided to place an order for Sunday pickup. I've been looking for ways to support the restaurants during this crazy time. 
Very easy ordering process online and I received a confirmation and was asked submit payment through Venmo. The offerings change per week and you can find the current offerings on their website. Pickup was super easy and contact free. Just call when arriving and they place your order on an outside table. 
Everything we ordered was delicious. Thai sugar morning buns, hazelnut cornettie, and vanilla cream bombolini. 
I hope to return for dinner sometime soon.Only came here for brunch, but a that's a ton of attention to detail and quality ingredients.  Can't imagine dinner would be any less delicious.  Super good.Really cool spot in Queen Village! Had to eat outside of course, due to pandemic, but that didnt take away from the experience at all. 
Their outside seating had a ton of space, and wrapped around a large open space in front of the building. Surrounded by trees and next to a park, it truly was quite quaint. Even in the details in the cement poles on the sidewalk, they were connected with chains and had horse busts on the top. There is a ton of 2 hour parking on the street. 
To get to the food, it was pretty tasty. Their menu is somewhat smaller plating, meant to order 2-3 plates per person. We had the cacio e pepe, which is what drew us to the restaurant. That was top notch, and we also had the skirt steak and the bell pepper fettuccine for main dishes, but what stood out the most was our appetizers. We had the shishito peppers and heirloom tomato salad - both dishes were colorful, refreshing, and tasty. Both had acidic tones, but the vegetables themselves were sweet, which was a genius counter-balance of flavor. 
They are known for their gelato, and we had a toffee flavor that was so decadent! Loved ending the dinner on that. 
The only thing that kind of lacked for us was the service - we waited 40 minutes before ordering the food, and then by the time we ordered, a dish we wanted was sold out. So, we get it, during the pandemic, there is no expectation for everything to be perfect, but that was probably our least favorite part. 
Would we go back? No question!Vibes: casual but classy family-style Italian restaurant/cafe, a lot of natural lighting through the big windows; bring a date or the whole family
Tasting Notes:
-Smoked Cabbage: sweet, tender leaves; smoky and slightly crisp on the outside; sauce is light, highlights the cabbage
-Gnocchi Sardi: very salty ragú, very al dente pasta; definitely recommending equal mix of sauce and pasta with each bite 
-Cansoncelli: served with a buttery, thin sauce; pasta a bit undercooked; filling slightly crumbly, deeply meaty in flavor
-Black Tea Smoked Duck: just enough fat for richness with each slice; very soft, tender meat with crispy, flavorful skin; very vinegary sauce; cherries plump, nuts still retained their crunch but on the softer side
-Milk Chocolate Budino: loved the crunchiness of the almond granita; gelato was sweet, smooth, creamy, a great contrast to the slightly salty, custard-y budino; the lightest floral, citrus aroma from candied kumquats
Other thoughts:
-Foccacia came quickly after we ordered, well saturated with olive oil but not overwhelmingly so; crispy, almost crusty on the outside with a slightly denser crumb; we could ask for refills 
-Small giurgiulenas came at the end of the meal with the check, a pleasantly crunchy, toasty surprise
-Service was absolutely wonderful, featuring a team of friendly and attentive servers who asked about dietary restrictions from the get go, cleared and changed plates and silverware and tidied the table with each course
-The plates were beautifully patterned
-Would love to come back for drinks, to try the pasta flight, and get the budino again!I enjoyed dinner at Fiore last night with friends. The variety of pastas were amazing - both in style and taste. Swordfish and steak both done to perfection with their respective sauces. We sampled all of the desserts as we had heard they are amazing and were were blown away by both their presentation and taste. All in all - a wonderful and very satisfying experience.TL;DR - Food wasn't good, mixed flavor profiles didn't work, portions were small.
Before we arrived I decided to check out the menu online at the beginning of the week. I was particularly excited about the panzarotti at happy hour. I looked at the menu again the day of our reservation and noticed that a lot of the menu had changed from the beginning of the week. Long story short, don't expect to be able to aptly prepare for what you're going to eat beforehand.
My husband and I planned to arrive early to take advantage of their happy hour (they have different menu items during happy hour than regular dinner) and I was really excited to try their panzarotti. Well, unlike what their online menu says the panzarotti was not on there. That was a HUGE bummer. We just settled on drinks. I got a glass of Sangiovese ($6) and my husband got beer ($4). As we enjoyed our drinks we took a look at the dinner menu and started to make our plan for our meals. It was then that I noticed the same $6 glass of wine at Happy Hour was over double that price during dinner ($13). Wow. We decided to get another glass of wine at Happy Hour and take what we didn't finish at the bar to the table.
At the table and I had a question about which dish between 2 of them (the Spanish mackerel or the Amish half chicken) was the best. The host informed me that the mackerel was really good as I told him I was a fan of a more fishy fish. He also guided us in getting the brussels sprouts. To echo what others have said, we were also told by our server to order 3-4 items per person, which is a lot to ask when most dishes are around $15-$20. 
I am now going to break this review down by what we ordered:
1. The Bread: This was complimentary and we were given 2 small pieces of bread. I was not a fan at all. The top of the bread, while crispy, oozed out oil as you took a bite. Way too oily but also yet somehow dry. The flavor of the dough inside was more like a sourdough, as well. I just found it to be off putting.
2. Brussels Sprouts: Delicious! Perfectly cooked a little al dente tossed in a dill olive oil and topped with pecorino cheese. Nice call, host
3. Gnocchi: To be fair we were "warned" ahead of time that this dish was served "roman style" which means they're not a traditional pasta but made with semolina. We were feeling adventurous so we agreed to get it. I had honestly never had it before so I was nervous and when it came out I was very surprised. It reminded me of something that somebody would present on cut throat kitchen. It didn't look great, it didn't remind me of gnocchi, but the flavors were okay. The texture though was just bizarre. It was like a weird mush. If you know what style of gnocchi this is and are a fan of the mushy texture, then maybe you'd be able to better judge but overall I won't order this dish again at any restaurant. It's just not my thing. 
4. Lamb Kabobs: I forget the formal menu name for these but my husband had them and said they were good. I'm not a lamb fan so I didn't eat these. 
5. Spanish Mackerel: This was served on top of an "onion/raisin/pine nut" accompaniment that was just so wrong for the dish. The mackerel was really good with a crispy skin albeit the portion was a little small for $20 in my opinion. The fish was savory and the sweet raisin pine nut stuff it came with was not complimentary AT ALL with the fish. We pushed the 2 items to different sides of the plate and ate them separately. 
6. Torta di Grano Saraceno: I think this is the one. It's hard to tell because the menu online now might be different than the one on Friday. This was the most offensive thing I've eaten in a while. I had to let our server know. This was served with, for some ungodly reason, pickled cranberries. Yeah, you read that correctly - pickled cranberries. I ate one not knowing what it was and was so offended by the flavor that it ruined the rest of the dish for me. I even made my husband eat one to prove to him that I wasn't being dramatic. It was unholy. Pickling a cranberry in and of itself is psychotic enough but to do so without adding sweetness should be illegal. I was also disappointed in the pastry it came with. It was presented pretty poorly (kind of just thrown on the plate all crumbled) and didn't look appetizing or taste great, which is a shame because I thought they were known for their pastries/desserts. 
7. Lambrusco & Limoncello: These were both very good. I highly recommend getting these if you come here. 
All in all I was very disappointed in the flavor pairings and ingredient choices. We also didn't have any leftovers which speaks to the portion size. I almost always have leftovers. I don't think we will be back unless they step up their game in pairing savory with sweet (or stop trying that maybe). Perhaps we will be back for their happy hour if the panzarotti is on their menu, who knows.Had a lovely meal here. Very knowledgeable sever as well. Cozy space and they didn't rush us as we took our time through courses. The shared pastas  and appetizers for me were better seasoned / prepared than our main course and side, but overall tasty dishes. Great spot. I'd  definitely suggest it to friends.Really good breakfast. We got both breakfast sandwiches and I can't pick a favorite. The saltie was very unique and focaccia bread is my new favorite breakfast sandwich base. The classic breakfasts sandwich had a great flavor. The sausage really was delicious and I am not a big breakfast meat person. It was on the smaller side making it perfect to split both sandwichesHad the most special evening at Fiore. Their food is absolutely impeccable and the service is warm and genuine. The stuffiness/snobbery that is often present at restaurants of such caliber was entirely absent. Instead, the staff is incredibly welcoming and treats you like part of their family. The food was absolutely flawless--from the innovative antipasti to the incredibly flavorful pasta dishes to the irresistible seafood dishes. We cannot wait for our next visit back.Delicious food! We went with a big group and were able to sample most of the menu. Only thing that could be improved is the price. Quantity of food was small for the cost. I certainly will return.Simply exquisite is the best description for our dinner tonight! Our table had the pleasure of tasting Sugar snap & snow peas, cucumber & ricotta, roasted carrots, mozzarella & tomato jam, bucatini pasta, beet mezzaluna, trofie pasta, swordfish, and lemon red snapper. 
Everything was phenomenal. There wasn't a single dish that was lacking in flavor or plate presentation. One of our favorite dishes was the red snapper entrée. We loved the crispy fried mozzarella triangles and sweet tomato jam. The English cucumber and creamy ricotta with blueberries was uniquely delicious.  I am not a fan of carrots, however these where amazing! I could eat the whole plate myself! Yum! 
The service was on point and the synergy among staff made the experience seamless.  
Dessert of gelato was a perfect ending. Can't wait to return next time I visit Philadelphia!Was in town for the weekend And our friend recommended that we have to try the pastries that they put out on Sundays. We tried the morning buns and they were out of this world. They had the texture of a croissant but the taste of a cinnamon bun. They were also very large for the affordable price that you pay for them. If I lived closer I would be there more often but I highly recommend that anyone in the area stops here.Excellent dinner from start to finish. The wine was very good and made me feel like I was back visiting Italy. We started with several small bites that were all very flavorful and uniquely prepared. That pasta was good too but we found that we liked the other items on the menu even better. Definitely try the cauliflower!This is a follow up on my earlier review on Xmas eve complaining about the payment issues. The restaurant kindly sent me an apology and a gift certificate that is much appreciatedSuper cute place! I dropped by for a quick pastry as I've heard many good things. I dropped by around 8:30am on a Sunday morning and it was still pretty empty. The pastries to go are at the bar on the right side while the tables to sit down are on the left. 
I got the pistachio cornetti and a pear fritter. So crispy and flaky ahhh...
The dinner menu looks pretty go so I'll definitely be back to try that out!Best lunch deal in Philly. $17. Chopped salad, a large and filling shisito pepper toast and a scoop of gelato.  I added a touch notch made cocktail as well. Delicious food. Beautiful space.  Will return ASAP for dinner.  Service was fast and friendly. They have what looks to be a similarly great deal for dinner. ($50).My husband and another couple had dinner here January 21,2020. Food quality was excellent.....but the valve of the food was borderline insulting.  Portions were very small, prices were very high....$14 for a very very small plate of pasta is not acceptable.  A small portion of fish for $20 is also outrageous.  A carafe, a 3/4 carafe  of house draft red wine for $44.00 is not a good valve.  The valve to price ratio here is less than satisfying.  I felt insulted by the prices...the waitress also was pushing...small plates, 3 courses....at least 8 dishes for a table of 4.  Plain and simple...great food, too expensive for what you get...definitely an expense account place.They really, really care about the food here.  Simple ingredients used creatively without being fussy. Everything was cooked perfectly.  All of the staff were unpretentious and friendly including being very kind and understanding in accommodating my food allergy.  Do not miss the Fritelle app and definitely get desserts -- they are awesome!  Plus a very well-chosen wine list and an interesting selection of amaro liqueurs. Everything we ordered was 100% on point. Being able to snag an outside table on a beautiful summer night made for an extra nice experience.I've been to Fiore many times, mostly for breakfast/brunch. The pastries are delicious and I love the farro salad. I am finally writing a review because I went to the restaurant for dinner tonight and had a wonderful time. The food was absolutely delicious, but the most notable part of our night was our server, Jessica. She was incredibly kind, cheerful and knowledgable. My father is in his 80s; he grew up in Italy and he is an architect who designs restaurants, so he can be very critical. Jessica answered all of his questions and explained everything to him with a smile on her face the entire time. My dad and I had a wonderful time and we will definitely be back soon!After much build up before going to Fiore was left wanting more. I think the best thing about this place is their wine list is diverse really well priced food let me just sort of flat much what is the food.
One big upside 
is the wait staff. This is a group of of very talented professionals that takes their job seriously and really tries to please their customers. One girl in particular whose name is Kara not only does a great  service and is quite knowledgeable but also  is a lot of fun to be around 
High grades for service!!I adored Kanella. It was my spot. I had my birthday there, first dates there, out of town friends there...so I'm glad this place looks much the same.  It's beautiful. Decor, bar, big fire oven in the back...
And the food is good. Very good. The cacio y pepe thing with a zeppoli like thing- wow. The duck- wow!!!  Beautiful cocktails.  A little overpriced maybe, but the neighborhood can handle it.  It needs to settle in with friendlier staff, perhaps, and fewer customers who seem to have driven in to "The City" for the first time in ages...but it should last.  Fingers crossed.
PS. Went again just for the pastries. Wow wow wow!One of my new favorite pastry shops in Philly, and they make pick-up incredibly easy through advanced ordering online. HIGHLY recommend - I would go back over and over for more baked goods!
How they're managing COVID: They only let a small number of customers inside the store at one time; generally there are people waiting outside to pick up.
How to order: Check their websites for pastry and gelato pre-orders. Their forms make it incredibly easy. They take payments via Venmo or their electronic gift cards - a seamless payment process all around. You can also just pick up in store, which I've done for their brunch foods / hot drinks.
Food: I don't know where to start - they just do everything well - their savory and their sweet; their baked goods and their gelatos. And they have so much variety (their pastries and gelato flavors will change from week to week) - I love that I can check their website from time to time and see a different menu. And their pastries are so unique - I've never had a Thai Iced-Tea Sugar Morning Bun - like a cinnamon bun, but you can really taste the thai tea as well. My fiance's favorite was their Bombolini - vanilla cream was made perfectly and the breading is so crisp and fresh. All reasonably priced, and well sized!
Overall: 5+/5 - If I were to recommend any pastry shop to somebody new to Philly, this would be it. I truly check their menus every week and love seeing how they change up what they offer. Again - HIGHLY recommend!I adored Kanella. It was my spot. I had my birthday there, first dates there, out of town friends there...so I'm glad this place looks much the same.  It's beautiful. Decor, bar, big fire oven in the back...
And the food is good. Very good. The cacio y pepe thing with a zeppoli like thing- wow. The duck- wow!!!  Beautiful cocktails.  A little overpriced maybe, but the neighborhood can handle it.  It needs to settle in with friendlier staff, perhaps, and fewer customers who seem to have driven in to "The City" for the first time in ages...but it should last.  Fingers crossed.We had the best time at Fiore celebrating my friends birthday! Our server, Jared, was so personable and incredible with all of his recommendations. The pastas and dessert were the best I have had in Philly! Highly recommend coming here.One of the best Italian places in Philly... save room for dessert because it's the best gelato and pastries in the area. You can't go wrong with any of the pastas and Jared is the best server there! was such a fun time and will be back soonAmazing food. GREAT service from our server! Good drinks. 
The low rating is firstly because we were told by the hostess we couldn't have a more pleasant table because it was reserved for a larger party (we were two), and 20 seconds later another two-top was seated there (no one else ever joined them). 
Secondly and more critically: being told as the check is dropped that there's a 3% fee for using a credit card (obviously the standard way of paying when dining out), or your only other choice is Venmo is not exactly a nice way to do business. 
This should be announced upon making a reservation and again when first seated--not for the first time when you've wrapped the meal and it's time to pay. Not everyone has Venmo or is comfortable using it. And no one is happy to pay an unexpected 3% on top of a $150+ meal while sitting next to a creepy van on Front Street. 
On that note, and lastly: every other restaurant in town has managed to put something decorative to separate their dining area from the street, even if it's just vines on pallets. Except Fiore. 
Again, kudos on the food! Sadly the rest needs some work. But we will not be back.We came here on a Saturday night on a whim and were able to be seated pretty promptly. The service was great and we immediately ordered a bottle of wine and some zeppoli to start. It was delicious and the perfect little snack to start off the meal. As an entree I had the gnocchi and some Brussels since I wasn't too hungry. They were both delicious the brussel sprouts were done really well and not too oily. My husband has the lamb which was rich and moist. Overall it was a delicious meal recommend it if you want a good meal in a pinch. It wasn't the especially remarkable in any way but nonetheless it was a good meal and a place to try out
In terms of service, our waiter was attentive and friendly.I previously wrote that this is one of my favorite pastry shops in Philly - now they're also one of my favorite dinner restaurants. Highly recommend - both for pastries and a nice meal out! Went with my fiance and we are already thinking about plans to go back.
How they're managing COVID: Currently, they have reservations to offer outdoor dining and offer pastry / gelato pick-up (though at hours separate from dinner hours).
Service: Servers were very friendly and accommodating. All fully masked.
Atmosphere: They have about 6 tables set up outside, with a screen to help block out some of the bugs / wind. We were sitting outside - there are some bugs from here and there, which is to be expected with outdoor dining.
Food: Honestly, everything was delicious, starting from their complementary bread, to their broccoli rabe zeppole, to their pasta dishes. Generally they recommend ordering 2-3 plates per person, since the pasta plates come out smaller. I surprisingly loved the zeppole - one of the highlights of the meal. It's a fried dough with pieces of broccoli rabe that tasted so fresh. Also loved their orechiette, paired with a spicy sausage ragu. We ended with their dark chocolate budino,which was a very chocolate-y pudding - our only critique here was to offer a bit more of the gelato since the chocolate is incredibly rich / hard to eat on its own.
Overall: 5+/5 - One of my new favorite overall restaurants in Philly - so excited to return, and so glad they've been open throughout this past year. One of my top recommendations.What a phenomenal addition to the Queen Village / Society Hill neighborhood. Fiore just arrived on the scene, taking over the old Kanella spot. The staff is super friendly and the menu is both fresh and diverse, but the real secret lies with their breakfast menu (Wednesday's - Sunday's) in which they serve two must-have pastries. The first is their Morning Bun which is a delicious hybrid between a croissant and a donut. The second is their bombolini which rotates weekly but is highly worth the visit. They also offer a small but tasty breakfast and coffee menu. Bottom line: while they're still new on the scene, Fiore offers something great for everyone at all hours of the day. Welcome to the neighborhood!We were so sad when kanella closed, but couldn't be happier with the replacement. Fiore is great from the first bite of bread to the decadent desserts. And the pasta is amazing! Highly recommend you get there for a romantic night out!Very solid restaurant without question.  But something feels like it's missing that keeps me from being excited about eating here.  I've now been twice and both meals were great.   The servers are really friendly and knowledgeable (although both experiences I strangely felt like I spent more time talking to them than the people at my table).   I honestly cannot remember much of what I ate my first meal over the summer aside from the cacio e Pepe frittelle, which were awesome.  But then again a fried ball of cacio e Pepe is hard not to like.  My more recent meal was a little hit or miss.  The short rib was not what I expected with minimal amounts of meat and a lot of bone in the dish.   The meat tasted fine but was tougher than I'd expect from short rib.  The celery root fritelle just wasn't for me but there was nothing wrong with it objectively.  I thought the honeynut squash was amazing with a really interesting vinaigrette.  We also got a pasta tasting menu for $18 dollars a person.  These were a bit hit or miss in terms of flavor but their homemade pasta is otherwise amazing.  
Overall, while the food here is really well done (while hit or miss in terms of flavor, mostly hit), this restaurant is lacking the uniqueness or the excitement to bring me back regularly.  But regardless, if you are looking to try a new restaurant or you're in this area, there is no question you will have a great meal hereWe came for dinner last weekend we went with another couple and none of us were interested in coming back. Food was uneven and in some cases, not good. Service was overly involved and self-important. The waitress had a speech about everything that came across as rote and pretentious. We tried the duck but found it so fatty that we couldn't chew it. The best item was the garlic balls. It sounds like they may have a good brunch. I will say it is hard for a restaurant to do breakfast, lunch and dinner all welll....so maybe this is someplace for breakfast more so than dinner.The bartender was quIte nice and the interior quie comfortable.  The honey ricotta toast app was good.  Unfortunately my positives end there.  The food we had, including pasta, and multiple entrees, were just not good.  Diners at tabbies on either side of us said the same.  Very disappointing experience.I absolutely love the entire Italian menu at Fiore! I had sat outside a few months earlier in the pandemic but got to sit indoors this time, and I absolutely loved the modern, inviting ambience. My group was taken to a booth table and had plenty of space with good separation from other parties. 
All of the appetizers, pastas, and entrees were incredibly flavorful and perfectly cooked! The potatoes with shishito peppers were the perfect start to our meal. The pastas are handmade, I believe, and all were perfectly al dente. My favorite pastas of the night were probably the Agnolotti and Papperdelle. Our fish entree was the swordfish, and my table was so pleasantly surprised at how tender, moist, and flavorful swordfish could be when perfectly cooked. Our steak came out medium rare as requested, which was the perfect way to end the meal. 
We were too full for dessert, but I'm sure their gelatos and other desserts are amazing. Can't wait to return next time to try more items on the menu! As a plus, I believe their menu rotates seasonally, so we'll never run out of options! Thanks for the excellent service too!The fluke for two is divine, the fish is tender and buttery. The pork shank was also good, but I surprisingly, preferred the fish. You can't go wrong with either dish though. Next time I'll try the pastas. I thought the dessert was just ok. We had the warm pear tart and the budino. They were fine, but they didn't sing to me like the fish and it's close second the pork. Enjoy!Fiore is offering takeout gelato during the quarantine (4 flavors/week, pickup is Friday or Saturday). I ordered mine during the week ($9/pint) and walked over Saturday to pick it up. I texted them when I was on my way, and by the time I got there, they had safely left my order on the table in their vestibule.
As someone who has a major sweet tooth, I was very excited for this, and it definitely did not disappoint. They make their gelato in-house. I ordered the cookies and milk gelato, which has bits of cookies and cookie dough mixed within. It's so good! It has great flavor and a very creamy/smooth texture.
I'm pretty sure I'll be ordering more gelato during the quarantine, but I also look forward to dining inside once they are open again!I've now been twice in the last month and a half and this has become one of my new favorite spots in Philly. The staff are so knowledgeable and friendly- don't be afraid to ask questions. I've been guided through two amazing meals with somewhat picky eaters (them. Not me haha) The pastas are the stars as well as any meats that hit that amazing wood fire grill. Desserts are subtle and small and a perfect end to the night. Also- the biggest draw for me- dealers choice amaro flight. Both times I've  told my server the general profile I enjoy, aNd I've been floored by the selections each time. Such a plus to have a server take the time to give you background on each pour. Love love love. Don't sleep on this place (only criticism is the music choice seems to be a bit off...)This is a great place.  A neighborhood gem.  The pastas are always fresh and excellent.  The service is great.  You won't be disappointed.  The gelato they sell there is a great thing to bring home.Many times in my life of eating around the world, I have left a meal questioning why did I just spend x amount of money on food.  This is the first time in a long time I was wowed by everything I tasted. My wife and i dined on saturday night.  We went a little overboard at the recommendation of Pancakes and Protein shakes on Instagram.  We had the toast with ricotta and beets(amazing) the roasted carrots(amazing) to start. Then we moved to the pasta dishes, Cacio Pepe, and then something with fresh truffles shaved table side.  These pastas are worth the visit alone, and some of the best I've had, including in Italy.   Then for the main we did the black tea duck, and the ribeye for two.   As much as  I i thought the steak was delicious, I couldn't stop eating the duck.  The duck was incredible, and in my eyes, must order.   We finished the amazing meal with the Semmifredo and the Budino.  The budino was great but the Semmifredo with the amerena cherries was just incredible.  The service was impeccable also, Brad our server, Thaddeus the manager, and even Ed the chef/owner were extremely friendly and cared about every detail.   Run don't walk here, as I worry soon enough it will be impossible to get in.Really nice, fancy place. This place is a little upscale so be prepared to spend over $50 per person based on their recommended 3-4 dishes per person. I opted for the cacio y pepe pasta which came in a very small serving. Still filling since they brought focaccia bread out for the table. We shared brussel sprouts (amazing) and the spicy cabbage (wasn't spicy at all besides 2 peppers). I ordered the sweet chin music cocktail (Shawn Michael's shout out?) and it was tasty but a very small cocktail for the price. I ended up spending ~$50 including a tip but it was a nice place to celebrate a colleague. Perfect date night spot.I have been meaning to do this review for over a month now.  I was trying to find a place that could make desserts for me to take to my friend's house since their daughter had an egg and nut allergy.  It was very difficult to find a place who was willing to make something that wasn't vegan.  When I reached out to Fiore they immediately said they would look into it and came back to say they could help!  They made custom orders of a chocolate cream pie, cookies and gelato.  They were able to do this within a few days and was very flexible with when I could pick up the order as well.  The items were excellent and my friend's kids were able to enjoy great desserts for the holidays!  I was extremely appreciative they could accommodate this custom order and were wonderful to deal with!  Thank you!I've been to Fiore now for breakfast and dinner and enjoyed them both. The breakfast menu is simple. I enjoyed the pastries we tried and the breakfast sandwich was delicious. 
I recently ate dinner on a Sunday, where they do a pasta tasting for 18 dollars each. It comes with 3 different handmade pastas from a specific area. For 4 of us, we got the tasting and a few other dishes. The tasting was great and let us sample different pastas. There was one I didn't love that was stuffed with something bitter, but the rest were delicious. We also got the cacio e pepe, which was pretty much perfect. 
We also tried the celery root frittelle - nice and light for being fried. The honeynut squash was super flavorful and came with a creamy stracchino cheese and a pork flavored vinaigrette that was out of this world. They even put the sauce on the side and gave a vegetarian sauce for my friend to put on her portion! We tried 2 small plates - the cod and the short rib. Both were excellent. 
To top off the meal, we got homemade brownie gelato and drinking chocolate. The drinking chocolate is on another level- you cannot miss out on this! 
Service was excellent and pricing is very reasonable. I highly recommend this place and can't wait to come back and try more pastas.Wow 10/10 would recommend!!! I used to come here all the time when it was Kanella, I was beyond sad when it closed and took my frustration out on this place and vowed never to go. Well, I finally went and it was AMAZING!!!!
First of all our server Jaryd was absolutely wonderful! He gave us the best recommendations and exactly how to order off the menu. For 2 people he suggested 2 apps, 2 pastas and 1 or 2 entrees depending on whether or not you want dessert. We thought immediately damn that's a lot of food but we went with it and like he said..who doesn't like late night leftovers!?
The zeppolis are a can't miss according to my boyfriend..I could have passed..they were very good but a little too much of a sweet savory mix for me. Both pastas we ordered were so so good, one was a special and light and fresh, the other was heavier with bacon and they were the perfect combination. For the entre we went with the steak and MY GOD, I'm pretty sure it was a filet, and it was THE BEST filet I've ever had. Tender and flavorful with the most delicious anchovy sauce. It came with potatoes which were OK, don't waste your stomach space on that little side dish..save it for dessert! They've got great rotating gelato selection and a delicious chocolate cake.
We'll be back at least once a month. I hope the menu rotates often because if they do all of those things well..I can't wait to see what else they cook up!I didn't expect to fall in love with a restaurant during covid, because takeout has always tasted like a lesser version of sit-down in my experience. However, Fiore changed that. The pastries and gelato that I've ordered have consistently blown me away - I try to do pickup as soon as they open, so they're fresh. 
My favorites are the bomboloni, freshly fried and fragrant, with addictive, creamy and seasonal fillings. And the cornetti, which if I get lucky have the fillings spill out and get into a crispy, buttery heavenly form. And the morning bun, with subtle lemon verbena, flaky interior and caramelized croissant-like sides that I only wish there were more of.
The focaccia is also fantastic. I think the only things that I only thought were JUST above average (first world metro problems) were the cookies and schiacciate.
It started with a small order at the beginning of quarantine, when I'd go down a bucket list of restaurants and support them by ordering once and moving on to the next. But with Fiore, I kept coming back. I've since curbed back my takeout, but months later they still amaze me. I can only imagine what their food is like dining in.We visited Fiore at 6:30PM on Wednesday, December 29th with a party of five and were seated on the outdoor patio.  
It is on Front Street, and right next to I-95, so the outdoor patio can be a bit loud at times; however, it was well heated with the outdoor heat lamps and the noise is quickly faded out by the sound of our pleasant conversation.
Our server was very pleasant and around when we needed her to be.  
The food is the star of the show though!  Wow!  
We shared a bunch of dishes for our party.   We felt that what we ordered was "just enough" for our party of five.
If you are reading reviews and you see comments about the price -- yes, the prices are higher than some other restaurants.  However, please remember -- there are restaurants and then there are fine dining restaurants.  You don't have to dress up at this restaurant; however, the food alone sets it into a fine dining category.  You can tell all of the food is fresh, made in house and everything is just so wonderful and full of flavor.  
I am terrible at describing what we had; however, it was all good.  I cannot reference the menu, as the website does not have the menu that we had on the evening we dined.  
I can tell you that we shared two antipastis, three pastas and one large plate.  We also each had dessert.  This was just enough without leaving overly stuffed.  
Fiore was a good experience, and I would return again.The excellent menu offerings were offset by their awkward billing policy. They accept payment only by Venmo AND one has to order the meal and dessert separately. As a result, despite confirmation, there was a mix up and dessert not added to the meal. They refunded promptly to the Venmo account but it has proved extremely difficult to get the return credited to the credit card. The owner was apologetic about the mix up but defensive about their billing acrobatics.The Antipasti was so spectacular that I just had to say ok to the 5th star. _castelfranco radicchio an unusual combination of flavors and texture. Honestly, impossible to improve.
_ koginut squash was the same, marvelous and complex combination of flavors cooked perfectly. Also, impossible to improve.
- the leek zeppole with whipped ricotta as well as the -roasted carrots with crunchy nuts neither dish gets much better.
Again, Amazing Amazing Antipasti.
For pasta we had the gnocchi with tomato passata, quite good with strong tomato flavor.
and gnocchi sardi which while the sauce was flavorful with a good stock we felt this gnocchi was a bit undercooked though perhaps its a style of gnocchi.
For mains we had bronzino perfectly cooked and the half smoked duck.
The duck was the discordant dish of the evening. It was an attempt to italianize chinese duck and we felt it just didn't work.
Our waiter was attentive and clearly wanted the 4 of us to enjoy our meal, we did. Thank you.
Totally recommend and we plan to return.