Nice selection of wines along with some special beers and cocktails. Also yummy meats and cheeses. Friendly and knowledgeable bartenders offer a casual and inviting experience perfect for wine lovers and novices alike.I deeply wanted to like this place, however after tonight will not be returning. Strike 1. The oddly musty smell inside. Strike 2. They are no longer doing flights of wine  on the weekend, which was actually the whole reason I decided to go there this evening. Strike 3. They over charged my boyfriend's card which he discovered when they emailed the receipt, we live close so he went back in and nonchalantly acknowledged the over charge, and while money was given back they were not apologetic at all. We will not be back.Decent wine selection by the glass. No flights. Food is limited. Selections are specialty meats and cheeses primarily; no "wine bar" cuisine you find in more sophisticated bars. Wait staff likes to talk about customers and shift issues behind bar; unprofessional. Drank their "Tera-a-tete"... A California red. Very good wine. Over all good place; could be better for price.Look around the neighborhood. Frankford Ave. is booming. "High end" restaurants like Root, Kensington Quarters and Wm Mulherin's Sons, inconceivable a few years ago, are becoming neighborhood gems.
Fishtown Social is opening at the right place, right time. And by the way, it's not trying to be your parents' watering hole.   No, they're catering to the new guard, the anti-NIMBY establishment that is making Fishtown/SoKo a better place to live and play. Please stop with the "prices are way too high for the neighborhood" nonsense.
There is a place for Fishtown Social to coexist with the numerous hipster bars. Who the hell wants to move into a neighborhood with only dirty dive bars, blight, and minimal foot traffic? Come here for happy hour, relax in the patio chairs, stfu and make friends with newcomers to the neighborhood.
The times, they are a-changin'...The happy hour is good. I'm going to try this place again because I want them to succeed, but not all the staff seem to care. Service is inconsistent. The smokers kind of ruin it, too, because it blows back it. Hoping next time is better!The only down side is how close it is to my apartment.  I love it.  Love the wine selection, love the atmosphere, love the small foodie.  The people that work there have been nothing but 100% since opening night.  Keep up the good work!This place is a sterile, boring BOX. I went in once to enjoy some wine and felt like I was paying for wine in a hospital as it's so expensive and the vibe is so clinical.
The prices are ridiculously high, what is this? Beverly Hills?
To top it off, they are so pompous, that they have decided that they own the entire sidewalk. People on wheelchairs cannot pass, people with small children cannot pass. People with dogs cannot pass.
I live around the corner from this place and prefer to take my wine drinking to other venues such as the Bottle Bar or Front Street Cafe.Atmosphere cool, location cool, Price NOT cool.
$12.50 for a  glass of red, it's $18.00 for the bottle. I get it, it's "Fishtown now" but these ppl forgot what it was like to come down here as a kid or even grow up in the surrounding neighborhoods. It's a real shame you can't get a deal on a glass of wine/beer in the old barrio. This place is way to uppity for me, support the old school places in the neighborhood that remembers what it's like to grow up in Philly. Btw, I saw the staff sample wine and try to describe it, it's a fucken joke. The wine sommelier at Joe Canals puts them to shame. No spitoon, and three tools/wanna be hippsters trying to find a common taste to denote. This place is a joke of a wine bar. Save your money....
One and DONE.So happy about this place! This will quickly become my go-to spot for after work drinks. The happy hour is too good to miss; they have wine on draft and the best mixed drinks.Killer vibe, staff, food and wine. Super bright and airy. This is my favorite neighborhood spot!This place is unnecessarily expensive and the menu boring. I agree that I think the owners just thought they could open something on Frankford with little effort and charge ridiculous prices. There are just too many better creative choices in the area. You can tell walking down the street who tries harder.   
I love wine. But I'd rather go to Martha or Root anyway.I'm so happy this place exists.
-Solid wine selection.
-Great meats and cheeses. 
-Good cocktails. 
-Great oysters. 
-Knowledgeable and friendly staff. 
-Good happy hour. 
This place is pretty new. I think they're still tweaking some things, but the positives far outweigh the negatives.Overpriced and snobby atmosphere. One waiter kept going outside to text/smoke instead of paying attention to us. Probably won't go back.This place is okay...went here on opening night and the waitstaff weren't exactly welcoming. I got that it was a busy night but it felt awkward figuring out where to sit and then finally sitting at the bar and having to make eye contact in order to be given the menu. Selections are limited and the wines are pricy. I went here a second time just to give it another shot before writing a review. The waitstaff was better. However, I find it hard to justify paying for a $12 glass of wine, when I can go to the Wine and Spirits down the street for a bottle. The food selection is still scant. Root opened up down the street and their wine menu seems better, especially since they also have more food selections. If you're going to charge $9 for draft wine, why not also include a little piece of complementary chocolate or cheese to really create an experience.I'd probably go here again for a pre- or post-dinner drink, but you can't really hang out here. It's just too expensive as someone who knows the cost price of a lot of these wines -- I get that wine has a high markup and that's fine but the seating is also a little uncomfortable and there's not really anything snacky to eat besides charcuterie and oysters. If they'd add one or two unpretentious finger food items I might feel better. I just don't imagine it will be very cozy or inviting come winter.There aren't any other strictly wine bars in Fishtown that I know of, so it was a pleasant surprise when this opened last spring.  The inside is nice and inviting.  They also offer popcorn and small and reasonably priced appetizers.  The wine seems a bit over-priced for the pouring size and the neighborhood.  However, their happy hour special is great.  We often start our Friday evening out here for a glass or two and move on to dinner and drinks.  Great place for a date.  We haven't tried much of the food.SUNDAY FUNDAY
a short poem 
five buck mimosa
for when you slept all weekend
had to leave the houseI really want to love this place but I've been only been twice.  Our first visit was really disappointing, but our second was better.  The staff behind the bar is pretty friendly and helpful (particularly the female bartender who seems like she owns or manages the place).  I like the wine list but it's expensive.  I'm in my 30's, am not on a tight budget, frequently splurge on wine at the store, but found the cost per glass to be expensive.  The menu is light but everything my husband and I tried was delicious.  My biggest gripe was the wait staff.  The first time we went our experience was all but ruined by a waitress.  She was occupied entertaining a few friends that popped in and was cursing, jumping all over the place, and being incessantly obnoxious.  This is the type of behavior you expect at a Fishtown dive bar.  But not at a small establishment where you are paying $12 for a glass of wine.  The next time we visited she wasn't there and we found the experience to be worth our while!  I think Fishtown Social has a lot of potential.  But if they're going to cater to crowd's that can afford to and are willing to splurge on their wine (which is amazing by the way), they need to tighten up the professionalism of the waitstaff on the floor.Small space, seating isn't super comfortable, poor acoustics. All that would be fine, except the service wasn't great either. My friends and I had all finished a glass of wine or two, and when asked, told the server we weren't ready to order the next round yet. Two minutes later we were given the check and told "no rush". We didn't, and the server kept glancing at the bill. After we eventually paid, I stood up to use the restroom, and the server was quick to say goodbye, even though we still weren't leaving just yet. Also, it wasn't busy - plenty of empty seats. So I'm not sure what the rush was. For a wine bar called Social, it didn't seem to encourage leisurely socializing. The wine selection was good, and the two I tried were nice, if a teensy bit pricey. I hope to give this place another shot, if I hear that others haven't had this same disappointing experience.Visited this bar once last year and will say my recent experience change my mind completely. Staff was welcoming space has really come along since it's early days and the bottle shop has a great selection of natural wines. The food menu has also grown as well we snacked on a cheeseboard, popcorn, and the terrine that were all very good. Glad to see that this establishment is evolving as the neighborhood needed a good wine bar!!Been here 3 times now. If just ordering drinks I guess it's satisfactory. A little pricey, but not outrageous for fishtown these days. The food and staff however, were sub par. We ordered oysters and considering it is summer and we're outside, we asked if they could be served on ice. The waitress said that would be fine. The oysters came out. No ice, but the waitress assured us they were chilled. Well they were warm in about 2 minutes and eating warm, uncooked shellfish is a recipe for disaster. Seemed like a simple request, but was ignored for some reason. I then ordered the Serrano ham pannini. What came out was almost inedible. The ham was so tough and chewy that the whole sandwhich came apart in one bite. Maybe the ham they bought wasn't good that day, but for $10 for a tiny sandwhich, the quality control needs serious improvement. 
I love having new places to go in fishtown. This place has potential, but currently I have no reason to return when there are so many other options for wine/drinks with better food and service.Stopped in to grab a drink and an appetizer on a Sunday. The place has a nice design with clean lines and open space, but for a place that presents itself as a community gathering spot (like the name implies), it sure feels quite sterile. Thank God for Anna though! Friendly and welcoming. Also very knowledgeable about the wines. After being first greeted by another bartender/waitress who disingenuously stated that she would recommend every single item on the menu (I can't stand frauds like that) Anna took over and offered her take on the menu, which was very helpful as I ended up ordering some great tasting wines. They may have been more pricey, but thanks to Anna, at least i didn't waste my money. As long as Anna is working I'll definitely be back. Thanks Anna!This place is a real neighborhood gem. I expect and hope it would increasingly become a place for folks to stop on the way home from work or before/after dinner as its menu and vibe are perfectly suited to that. I think for now it suffers slightly from being out on its own as far as Fishtown nightlife is concerned: it's just a couple blocks north of the epicenter of the scene, so it doesn't benefit from spillover except from those who know it's there. I have to think that as the neighborhood grows and the corridor fills in that it will pick up. I certainly hope so. They have fun specials and a good happy hour, including one on weekend afternoons i'd like to check out soon. Atmosphere is very casual and approachable, and while I'm sure they wish they were a little busier, that means it's always very easy to have conversations, gather a group, or just hang if you're looking for a nice experience without a lot of fuss. Support these guys, Fishtown!I love wine but I hate the culture and pretension surrounding wine. I wish this place made wine feel a little more accessible and approachable but I guess that's just not their goal here. I had questions regarding my wine choice but didn't feel that the staff was very eager to help guide me to something that I would like. However, it IS beautiful inside and I love the marble bar. If you want to try it, definitely go for happy hour when the price point is a little better. Bottom line, this is a place you bring your parents to when they visit and not necessarily your favorite comfy neighborhood wine bar.My favorite place for a drink in the neighborhood. Best staff, best wines,say hi to Mary if you stop by!Pretty decent cocktails. Clean, bright decor. Service was disappointing and not too friendly. A little bit too empty for 7 pm on a Friday night but at least we got our drinks quickly. 3.5/5I can't with this place.  3rd time here tonight.  Won't be back.  Extremely overpriced for nothing.  3 glasses of wine which were 1/2 of a normal glass of wine ANYWHERE else (& I'm from NYC) (I go to Napa yearly...I know about wine...it's kind of my thing these days, being an oenophile.) which I thought were $8.5 but ended up being $13/glass.  I intended to go to a place to have 2 glasses of white, had to order 3 to get 1 1/2, had some olives & my friend ordered the lite Oktoberfest beer but got the dark & paid $56 plus $10 tip.  NOPE...never again.  I would rather grab a bottle of wine at the liquor store and stay in because there is literally nothing special about this place and they are ridiculously over priced without even giving you an actual glass of wine and gave my friend the complete wrong beer that she didn't order.I have been here a handful and must say my last visit wasn't so great but enjoyed my wine when it came. The staff seemed extremely overwhelmed that day and the service wasn't all that great either, we had a waiter walk past us several times while we waited and only got our drinks after being seated for close to 20mins. I am a big fan of their happy hour and their oysters!!! Even though the service wasn't that great that day I will continue coming here as they have a great wine selection and will continue supporting local businesses , I want this place to flourish !!!Wonderfully chill neighborhood wine bar with a creative wine list. The bartenders are super nice and always make me feel welcome. A great addition to the neighborhood.I went at happy hour and it was surprisingly uncrowded, so that was a plus. There were plenty of seats available at the bar and at the tables both inside and outside. The decor was cool and very modern, and the open windows let a nice breeze in. 
I got the wine flight and was a bit confused. The chalkboard outside used to say the wine flights were three of your choice for $10, but that must have changed as the bartender said it was a preselected rosé flight for $12. She quickly told me the name of each wine, but there wasn't a flight card so I quickly forgot what I was drinking. The wines were fine, but definitely not on the same level as what you would get at Vintage or Tria. I also ordered the grilled pimento, which was perfectly average and left something to be desired. 
The bartender was nice and seemed to know what she was doing, but it wasn't great to see her eating at the service station. The other bartender who appeared to be in training stood in front of me polishing glasses and doing something on his phone and only cleared my empty dishes once the other bartender came back. He didn't wash his hands between touching his phone screen and continuing to provide service, which is pretty gross when you think about all of the germs on cellphones. Nobody checked on me after I started on my wine or food to see if it was okay. 
Overall, I won't go back and will continue traveling to center city for a good wine bar experience, which is unfortunate considering I live just a couple blocks down the street.I mean... everyone is missing out on this place.
My fiancé's birthday was today and we wanted something relaxing and with a subtle ambiance. 
We arrived here and it wound up being jazz night which was amazing for my fiancé, he loves jazz! 
We started off with oysters and they were to die for. Followed by the 3 choice charcuterie board, the short rib sandwich, and meatballs. 
I was just astonished with how amazing everything was. Down to the grapes on the board!!! 
Ally and Maureen were phenomenal and worked so well together. They were funny and very helpful. We let ally pick the cheese's for the board and she hit it out of the ball park. 
The wine and beer we got as well was delicious. We can not wait to return !!!
Thank you ladies for a great birthday night and date night for us. You really are awesome!I've gone back a couple of times since my initial review and I feel like they are really settling into their groove. The manager is so nice, well informed, and the wine list is getting more and more interesting. I feel like my experiences here are pretty dependent on who is working and how well they know the wine list, but my last experience here was great. Glad to have this place in the neighborhood.Perfect spot for a drink after or before a dinner. There are plenty of wine options, so you'll be able to find the perfect one for you. Bartender made a great drink of the menu, but was also able to make the perfect simple dirty martini. Wasn't too crowded for a Saturday night, but I liked that because I could actually hear myself talk. Will definitely go back for an after dinner cocktail when having dinner in the neighborhood.They had a unique wine selection and a great craft cocktail! Their space was super cute and charming. The food was also good but I wouldn't recommend if you're super hungry! It was mostly just pairing bites.Cool ambience. Dont expect any house wines here. The french onion dip was a little sweeter than I like it to be but I could tell it was fresh and the carmelized onions were a nice touch. 1 glass of wine and french onion dip was about $18. So expect date night to be between $40-60 if you plan on having more than one glass. I believe the most inexpensive glass was $12A cute gem added to our neighborhood of beer bars! It was crazy busy on their second night open, but it was worth lingering to get a seat at the bar. My date and I had 2 glasses of draft wine (a concept I love) a cab-merlot and a rosé. Also shared an order of Brillat-Savarin cheese which was at its peak of ripeness. For $7, I thought it was the perfect size. It's was a pretty big wedge (see photo). The owners were there - wife was at the bar and running food, while her husband was keeping an eye on everything and mingling with guests. I think they have really scored on this collaboration!2/10/17- Got treated pretty poorly by tattooed bartender. I guess she thought we were some suburbanite couple in the city for a night out because we don't look like the typical locals in this neighborhood, but the fact is we live right around the corner on Columbia Ave. 
I asked about our popcorn after 15 minutes of waiting, and she was all offended. Isn't the point of a wine bar to have food that come out quickly to enjoy with the wine? Anyway, after 25 minutes we had to leave and asked for the check. The check arrived the same time as the popcorn. We told the other barkeep/manager/owner/whatevs we waited for 25 minutes, and he said "no you didn't, but I'll take care of it anyway." Kind of like getting a handshake and kicked in the nuts at the same time. 
He and the other bartender spoke and she was livid, carrying on with head shakes and hand gestures like someone just ran over her kitten. 
We will never go back, nor would we recommend this place to anyone we know.I guess third time is a charm. Tried here again and really enjoyed their wine flights. Got to enjoy the different wines for 10 dollars. Female bartender when I went was also very nice.It's a wine bar and their wine is delicious. I LOVE it!!! There are so many options and they even have a live jazz performance, even better!!! The bartender was so nice and easy-going. They also sent out free popcorns, which has a unique flavor. Good to try!I just stopped in a for a drink before dinner at Kensington Quarters. I enjoyed the rose I had, and they have a happy hour which was nice. It's a small, but open space - and the people working were really nice!This might be my new favorite wine bar in town. Nice and intimate, great for date night or catching up with a few friends. Service was good and the wine was excellent. They also sell bottles in the back if you want to try something different! Definitely recommend.I absolutely love this place. It gets busy on the weekends (like at capacity busy), but it's an excellent after work spot or a great place we love to take our friends when they come into town.
Pros:
- $1 oysters during happy hour and all day Sunday.
- Great, rotating food menu of small bites. The charcuterie plate is what you need in your life. 3 meats, 3 cheeses, jams/mustards, fruit, and pickles that also comes with bread.
- Monday is half of bottles at the bar (you buy a bottle from their wine store at 50% off to drink at the bar which is a great deal!)
- Conversational Spanish lessons on Tuesday.
- An amazing staff. Everyone is so helpful and also plays great music.
- Excellent location in Fishtown (right across from Suraya).
- Their Old Fashioned and Negroni are both great and included in their happy hour drink menu!
Cons:
- They don't post their food or drink menu anywhere I've found, so it's sometimes difficult to know what they have available.
- Beer only comes in bottle, no drafts.My friends and I went to happy hour here and loved it. We stuck with mostly happy hour specials which included $5-$6 glasses of wine, $1 oysters and split the cheese plate (regular price).
All were v good and we got a lot of cheese for the price (much more than you would get at tria). Our server was super nice and the place had a very casual but fancy feel to it--definitely a bit different than most places in fishtown. 
Great spot for drinks and snacks and I will definitely return for the happy hour. The food menu was a bit minimal, but other than that, I thought this place was great!Happened to be in the area and was looking for a small bite to eat when my friends and I stumbled upon Fishtown Social. They have a nice variety of wines and cheeses and the waitress was very friendly and knowledgable about both the drink and food menu. The beet salad was amazing and we also shared some oysters for the table which tasted pretty fresh as well. This is definitely a nice, small, quiet spot to hang out for a bit.Ugh.  Noisy.  But that's expected.  Drinks are adequate especially if you like a Manhattan that tastes like a kiddie cocktail.  Limited non-alcoholic options.  The homemade ginger tasted like fish piss.  Really terrible.  The $33 charcuterie platter looked like it came from a down market grocery store.  I mean two grapes sliced in half looked like rat droppings. Strawberries in November? Squeeze of mustard or honey that looked like a bird was in the kitchen?   Toasted bread from the same down market store.  What the F(ood) is wrong with Philadelphia.  This place is too trendy for its tenement tee.  Look elsewhere.Killer vibe, staff, food and wine. Super bright and airy. This is my favorite neighborhood spot!
They just got a new chef...super creative and delicious menu!Excellent wine selection, pleasantly surprised to see a Croatian vintage. Great ambiance. Food sophisticated and yummy at the same time.I walked past Fishtown Social probably a million times, admiring the exterior, before I finally visited the establishment. On a Saturday night, on Frankford just across the street from Suraya, it's the ideal place for pre/post dinner drinks. It was crowded, but my friend and I still managed to grab seats at the bar. I ordered a gin cocktail, which was excellent and reasonably priced. Their snack menu is pretty comprehensive, so I munched on some truffle popcorn which was SO good. Overall, a great place for a drink or two to stop by at some point during your night. I'll definitely be back!Wine list was interesting and the few glasses I had were good. Being a foreigner I would prefer to drink US wines when in the US but the menu was skewed towards foreign wines which is understandable as this is probably mostly a local's bar.
I misread the menu and ended up with a panini when I thought I was getting a salad but I still enjoyed it. I like the atmosphere and although a pretty quiet Wed and not as popular as Root I slightly prefer the more laid back feel of this place.Have to admit this place does follow other reviewers ideas.  Inside is clean and but not warm inviting decor.    Only three pictures one the walls, might find more local artist, too black n white for me.  Service was good and friendly.  Not a place for dinner or lunch if you're hungry, just a drinking and light meal place to gather at.
Ordered the grilled cheese sandwich was actually very tasty but at $10, trendy.  Food was good and tasty but still expensive, hope the extra money can go towards bigger tables and comfortable stools.  After 20 minutes is sitting, I do not want to order anything else, I need to move on.  What a shame because the music is great. 
After a light lunch and glasses of wine, one can walk across the street and do a pet rescue at the SPCA.
I wish them  good luck as I am a visitor and glad we stopped, maybe the neighborhood will support their effort.We wandered in here during a bar crawl of the neighborhood and really enjoyed it- it's a contrast to the nearby places and seemed like a relaxed local spot.  Friendly and welcoming - they have a diverse selection of wines and we had the cheese/meat plate, a lot of which was local.Had the greatest time here, the wine selection was excellent and everyone (staff and guests) was so nice. Felt like a neighborhood pub. Vanessa the owner was especially lovely and welcoming, so glad we stopped in!I have to say this place was amazing. Came here last night with a friend and had a great time. My friend had one of the special wines they had and i had the best negroni ever. I told the bartender that by the way. The barteneder even helped my friend find a parking spot. I have to say this will be my new favorite spot after work on Friday or any day. Glad a place like this came around. This place is a gem and to the others who think this place is expensive they specialize in wine and cocktails they are going to give you the best and not going to skimp on quality. They also have snacks as well. Fishtown Social keep it up!I came for happy hour and was pleasantly surprised! Not the best happy hour deals for wine, but the snacks were pretty good. The popcorn was a little too salty but nice to munch on. The dip was delicious! Service was excellent and they offered us extra bread with our dip when we ran out! Definitely a smaller and more intimate place. I would revisit!Some friends and I stopped in to grab some wine and were hoping to grab a little snack, too. It wasn't evident that we could order something to eat there, so we didn't and instead bought wine for our weekend and skedaddled. This was a bummer because I would have loved to sit and drink joyously with some cheese, but that wasn't exactly in the cards.
The person who helped us pointed out some excellent wines for us that, quite frankly, we all enjoyed very much. I have no idea what they were, but I just liked drinking them and that's what counts, right?TL;DR is just Give them all your money. 
They have a wonderful curation of wines and do a great job keeping orange and natural wines on hand that range from totally crushable to funkier than I'd be into. It's also a joy to wander in, say hello (to people who are very good at wearing masks and respecting Covid restrictions), and see what jumps off the shelves.
I love these guys and I am really glad they're working it out as this pandemic wears on.Such great owners! 
This is a perfect happy hour spot on Frankford especially when the weather is permitting for the outdoor season. I believe this is the only spot in the area offering big-a-shuck 7 days a week along with drink specials. The Saturday & Sunday 3-5pm happy hour deal is a great addition. 
Great lite bites offered too cheese boards etc. They have a bottle shop attached at the back where you can purchase bottles to go.First visit to this venue. It is very small. There were a total of 4 people all on the patio and I went into the bar. very small and appeared clean. The Mirror was very dirty to the right when seated at the bar. The bartender a gentleman took about 7 minutes to notice me even though he was directly in front of me looking up how to make a drink. (An easy one too) then no welcome and I asked for a drink. He went looking for the call brand I ordered and after checking informed me they only have local distillery items. I switched to a beer. The bartender was not familiar with any of the beers. I finished my drink and paid and the bartender again never said thank you or anything. A female was also behind the bar and after I paid and repeated my salutation a couple times she said thank you. The restroom was very clean and spacious. I mean the bar was tiny and yet the bathroom  huge.I had a great experience placing a wine delivery with Fishtown Social a few weeks ago. The full list of offerings is available on their website, with some notes about each bottle. I ordered two whites (including a dry riesling from local winery Wayvine - I love this wine!) and a bottle of bubbles. 
Deliveries take place on Wednesdays, Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays. I placed my order through email on a Thursday night, received confirmation and paid on Friday morning, and received the delivery that afternoon. 
There's really something for everyone on Fishtown Social's wine list, so give them a look next time you're stocking up on wine.Nice space. Brunch today was not busy. Good service. Biscuits/mushroom gravy/eggs were Excellent!  Quiche not so much. Salads on side too heavily seasoned. $8 Bloody Mary in a highball glass was a bit disappointing. I would definitely return to sample some of the wines and items off the menu. Just could not muster 4 stars today.Intimate wine bar located in fish town! This was a great choice for a date night. I had two different rose wines and a charcuterie board with two cheeses and one meat! Everything tasted great and was presented very nicely. The staff was very friendly and our server was excellent at describing each wine to help accommodate which drink we wanted to order!This place is beautiful! As soon I walked in I fell in love with the decor and ambiance. This spot has plenty of wine options to choose from as well as a nice selection of food menu items. They also do different cheese/meat options as a good deal. You can either pick 1, 2, or 3 of any of the varieties (maybe you're in the mood for 1 cheese, 2 meats OR 1 meat and 2 cheeses.... just as an example)
The first time I went I sat at the bar and the second time I got a table. Both times, the staff was attentive and answered all my questions. I really do enjoy this nice cosy spot. I can't wait to go back.Perfect spot for a quiet night to grab a signature cocktail or quick bite to eat. The small plate menu had plenty of selections for anyone. I enjoyed a dozen east coast oysters with home made Mac and cheese. The whiskey sour I had was excellent! The bar tender Geoffrey was friendly and engaging and had good suggestions for wine for picky drinkers. Definitely a spot I will frequentGreat low-key, cozy spot to grab wine if you're in Fishtown! The bartender was friendly and engaging and the wine was excellent. Overall, had an enjoyable experience and would return if I'm in the area.