I'm on this new kick where when I want to just get out the house, I bring one of my myriad magazines to a bar and indulge in drinks and dessert. This trip to FBP was all about drinking and reading, though and it's all due to their mixology program (cocktails at a brew pub?!) and two more words: Mystery Flight. The bartender picks 4 drafts and you try to figure out which is which. Guess them all to get $1 off the flight. I'm working on my palette for beer so this is more self test than trying to save a buck. I scored a 50% () but it was fun, boozy, and I learned a little more about what written tasting notes actually taste like on the palette. I finished off the night with an Old Forester Old Fashioned because the secret weapon of this spot is they can brew beer and educate you but they can also make some boozy cocktails. Buzz secured and an issue of Esquire down, I went home happy as can be.Excellent bartenders, especially Mathieu. Had a great time here despite it being incredibly crowded. Food is a bit pricey but excellent and worth it. Will be coming back here often!!! I think this was even their first day open. Having opened a restaurant before i can tell you how insane and stressful this is. They are doing a wonderful job!Probably the worst food I've had in 12 years in Philly and definitely the worst wings I've ever had anywhere. Would have given one star but the place looks pretty nice and the service was fine. Beer was mediocre at best. Can't justify going back here with so many better options in Fishtown/NoLibs.Food here is ok generally but manager doesn't know how to handle a service problem. Ordered the duck pierogis.  Comes out baked and dry as as uncooked from a box of ms T's.  Offers 50% off my entree.  So I ate the sides and other people's meals.  This was my 3rd time here but now it's my last time.  Go to a Garces restaurant or Starr or Vertri and you'll have your meal comped or even your whole
Table depending on the issue.  They lost 5 customers in one night over a $15 dish... bad business.I love Fishtown for many reasons, and now I can add one more: Fishtown Brewpub. I popped in here on a whim to cheer the Eagles to victory during the NFC Championship Game - and I was not disappointed. The atmosphere and menu were spot on. Great crowd, good service, awesome beer, and plethora of TVs visible from almost any vantage point.
Here's a weird but astute observation: The use of this space is awesome.  The seating areas are cleverly arranged to maximize patronage without feeling cramped or claustrophobic, making it easy for both staff and customers to walk to the bathroom or the exit without running into things. 
*IT'S THE LITTLE THINGS!*
Additionally, not that aesthetics are hugely important, it's SO CUTE! Kinda hipster, kinda industrial, kinda Irish pub. Definitely a good spot for hangs. 
The menu is varied - lots of options, but not TOO many - with vegetarian selections and eats that could satiate some of the pickier eaters in your group. Additionally: uhm BEER!! This gastropub makes its own brews, and while I only had one (the De-Peach Mode: high recommend), I would totally come back to have a flight or two. I was impressed with their peach sour. It was refreshing, smooth, and fruity without being overly sweet. 
I ordered their Siracha buffalo wings and they were very tasty. The skin was crunchy and flavorful, and the meat was juicy. My only complaint is that I must have looked like I was raised in a barn trying to eat them like a lady (hint: it's impossible) My friends ordered the plain buffalo wings - they were tangy with a kick. I was impressed, and not only because they were .75 cents when we came.  
Just beware, parking in this area, especially on the weekends, is horrendous. You'll be able to find some free street parking, but it probably wont be super close, it may take many laps around the blocks to find a spot, and it was likely take several attempts to squeeze into tight places.Stopped in with a buddy, early Sunday morning, and the place was spot on! The bartender was super cool and gave a great beer recommendation - really knew her stuff - and the food was perfect. The place is also spotless. Definitely recommend and will be going back.We were looking for a good place to watch the Eagles game this past Sunday but we needed it to be as close to the Fillmore as possible so we could wait until the last possible minute and head to our concert. So glad my friends suggested FB it was great!
We got there about an hour before kick off, the bar was full but all the tables were still empty. The hostess let me friend decide where to sit, we needed optimal TV viewpoints after-all, and we got a high top in the back corner. After being seated we learned that 2 more people would be joining us and the waitress, without hesitation, brought over another high top. She was helpful and informative and happy to help our large group. 
We stayed for most of the game and the hostess periodically checked on us as well which we appreciated as they had gotten busier. Everyone enjoyed their food and drinks as well, they had .75 cent wings! Which they have at every and any football game FYI. They were a sriracha sauce and really tasty we ended up getting 3 rounds. We also got the fries which came with an aoili that everyone was fighting over. A friend for the eggplan sandwich and she wasn't too excited about it, she didn't finish most of it. We also got the nachos which had toppings that were about a foot high, those were gone in minutes as well. Towards the end the waitress kind of forgot about us though so we didn't get drinks for a while which kind of made us late to the concert but it wasn't the end of the world.
If I didn't live clear across town I would definitely go here more often! The prices are fair, the staff is kind and they have tons of TVs!ThiS pub is in a great location for phillmore and punchline. I can't speak about the beer which is probably the best thing they offer because I'm not a beer drinker but the food needs sone work. The hummus was good but the chicken sandwich unusual and the menu limited. Fries extremely salty. The wait staff very friendly . Really wish they had more to offer. The idea of stout in ice crepe isn't workingThe best in house brews across the board I've ever tasted! I'm an IPA girl but have now tried every beer on tap without disappointment. The onion dip is the freshest I've ever tasted- no pre-made mix here and I can't get enough of the fresh cut potato chips. The roasted padron peppers disappeared as soon as we got them. Delicious! My boyfriend gave the burger high recommendations- which is a generous portion and looked quite tasty, I finished his fries which were amazing. I have high standards for good potatoes and they were met- dipped in the chef's special sauce is the best!! 
Finished off with the burnt flamingo cocktail- which is right up my alley (a grapefruit margarita in essence). The staff was efficient and friendly. We were never left wanting more. Even the owner stopped to chat for a minute. I will be back!!I really wanted to love this place!  It's close to home and the space is beautiful.  They went all out with interior design.  The bar is large, ceilings are high, and the decor inviting.  Our server was attentive and sweet.  Lots of veggie and vegan options are available.  My complaint is with the food and prices.  I got the nachos.  The chips were thick and heavy, which I don't like.  The ingredients were not well distributed,they were clumped up in certain  areas.  :( The toppings also seemed sparse compared to nachos at other establishments.  In short, FB should probably take some nacho making lessons from Loco Pez, Royal Tavern, or Dos Segundos.  The Brussels sprouts were tasty.  The prices for everything seemed high, like 2-3 dollars more per item than they should be.  A hamburger with a side of fries is $17 and fried chicken is $21.  Too much!  With the high prices and subpar food, I definitely will keep my business elsewhere.  I would probably return here for drinks.  It is a large space and would be good for groups.Excellent service --- fast and friendly.  Bartender allowed us to sample a number of the beers before choosing which we wanted to order.  The food was very good.  We got the chips and onion dip as an app.  The dip is outstanding and the chips are great, but they are too fragile to handle the dip.  Great atmosphere and decor -- very well done.Good food and great drinks. The beer at this place is top notch!
The food is amazing. The sides are incredible.Nothing like an idiot that doesn't drink beer giving a brewery a low rating.   Place is a good spot with good beer, that should some it up.I was in a pickle on the afternoon of September 16th and the bartender helped me out tremendously.  My phone was dead and she kindly lent me her phone so I could get out of my jam.  Words can't express how much I appreciate what she did for me.  Super great staff, very friendly, and great beer.  Can't wait to go back!!Their beer list was pretty extensive but this review will be mostly about the food, because I actually didn't have one of their brews (although the Cranberry Gose from Long Trail was uniquely amazing). 
My boyfriend and I, seeking shelter from the rain this last Saturday, found parking near Fishtown Brewpub and decided to stop in. The space itself was tight, and there is limited bar seating options and booths. It wasn't necessarily a problem for us, but on a busier evening I can assume it gets crowded. 
In honor of the rainy weather outside, we decided to get the Drunken Clams, which were mediocre at best. I'm someone who enjoys salty foods, and understandably sea foods can be a bit on the saltier side, but good lord the sauce these little guys were sitting in was SUPER salty. I swear my blood pressure rose from eating these bad boys. The bowl included "session ale steamed clams, house pancetta, asparagus, preserved lemon, Espellette, grilled bread." The grilled bread was hard and I didn't even want to try and soak it up in the salt mess the clams were swimming in. 
Next time I'll just stick to the beer list, and I'll update my review when I do.Fishtown Brewpub found a great niche that needed to be filled in the grand ol' 26th district. If there's anything that we needed more than water in our lungs, it was a Brewpub slinging s**t-tier beers alongside delectable bar snacks such as Foie Gras abed Quail Egg and Iranian Beluga Roe atop a Wook-dread salad. One thing I will say, though, is that there were not enough people wearing black skinny jeans and short sleeves with 'morrissey themed' black tattoos sticking out. They do have an exotic seafood bar accessible if you gently prod the server with sz. 4 gauge earrings and a mandala tattoo on her right wrist. 
4.5/5I went here for lunch and the decor is done in a very tasteful wood with a very quiet and pleasant ambiance.  The food is way above usual bar food.  I had the buffalo wings and they were spicy and delicious made with high quality chicken.  And, the thick fries were around 2-3 pounds piled up and fried to a crisp finish and soft inside.  They were delicious and served with a dipping sauce.  I took over half of them home because they were too much for one person.  I can't wait to return and try some other dishes.I walked in here with my roommates. We were treated by a very personable bartender. I was pleased with the drink selection. I didn't eat while I was there, but the fish sticks looked amazing!Awesome beer and all brewed on site. The chef is really great has an interesting southern take on classics. Lot of attention to detail. Portions are small, come for happy hour, 5pm-7pm to make it worth whileThis place is very cool. I highly recommend going for the beer flights! Great beer for a great price. I got nachos and ended up getting sick off them but that is just me... they tasted great while eating them. The bartenders are very nice and welcoming. A cool little spot in Fishtown.Went to the Fishtown Brewpub on a Saturday night to meet up with some friends. We tried their pre determined flight sampling and it was decent assortment. The Sayjawn saison was pretty good. 
When our friends arrived we ordered the fries, Oyster Rockefeller, and the salmon tots. The fries were overcooked in the fryer and were almost freezer burned tasting. The oyster Rockefeller were barely even warm, and the salmon tots were just ok. When we complained about the Oyster Rockefeller (we ate 1 out of the 4), we asked that they be removed from the bill and we did not want them to be replaced, the waitress obliged. It was awkward when she came back and explained that they were taken off the bill but the "chef" wanted us to know that the oysters were cooked to temperature. 
Overall it was an ok experience. The waitress tried hard but the whole experience left us knowing that we won't go back.I went to the Brewpub for the first time recently and really liked it. The happy hour is amazing--half off *all* drafts, including flights. (None of that "half off 'select' drafts, and by 'select' we mean 'literally one, and the one everyone likes the least'" nonsense that way too many bars do now.) I also got the $5 happy hour veggie tacos, which were surprisingly good and came in a set of 3.
The atmosphere is down to earth--unpretentious without being divey or touristy. It's just chill.I was so disappointed in this spot. I do not remember the last time I have not liked my meal anywhere in Philly, much less Fishtown. I tried the Saison sampler and all of the beers were so so. The nachos were 11 to 15 dollars and without a doubt, the worst nachos I have ever had. The toppings were gross with nasty cheese and there was literally only ten tortilla chips. When we finished, there was a heap of uneaten sour cream and cheese. Then I got the burger and I couldn't even bite into it because it was so big and soggy and fell apart. It had sauce that was way too rich. I am a huge fan of specialized burgers, but this one failed. I feel like the owners are trying to compete with the amazing and unique food at competitors' places like Sanchos, Johnny Brenda's, and Lloyd's. Stick to regular bar food if you don't know how to do unique tastes on traditional food...this was the without a doubt the most overpriced meal for the lowest quality food I have had in Fishtown.The beer tasted like dirty tub water. It had little to no flavor. The waitress service was sub par. We could barely hear the waitress when she came over. We ordered the salmon tater tots and the oyster Rockefeller. The salmon tater tots were genuinely weird. The oyster were cold and we sent them back and asked them to take them off the bill. The waitress came back and said that the chef said they were served at the right temp but they said they would still take them off the bill. Seriously? Next time apologize and move on. I won't be back. They got 2 stars for the decor/interior.great food and service, and the beer is on point. my go to spot to watch an eagles or sixers game. definitely worth checking out!My group popped into Fishtown Brewpub on a Saturday FunDay. I was firstly impressed by the space and decor. It was much more upscale and chique than most breweries/tasting rooms. 
We stretched out the length of the bar and got our beer on. We were able to sample before committing to the pour. 
My main reason in writing this review after such a brief experience is call out the quality of their own beers. They were ready to be enjoyed by the public and quality could be tasted- unlike so many breweries in their startup stages. In the Gold Dust Rush was the golden standard of an American IPA.
Our server wasn't a newbie to the scene; the way she spoke she seemed like a seasoned regular. 
I'm looking forward to going back and trying more of their brews and food.Stumbled on this pub when the line at another restaurant was way too long. What a find. Great beers and food too.  Service was excellent as well. Nice spot for a quick meal and a brew...all made in house. 
Parking in Fishtown is a pain though. Mostly street parking.Decided to try this out during an eagles game because the menu looked interesting. The hostess and our server were both extremely nice and friendly, however our food was very disappointing. 
We ordered the onion dip (only decent item) and the nachos. The nachos were freezing. Like as if they came out of the fridge. We told our waitress and she was very accommodating and took them back to bring a new serving, unfortunately these were barely warm as well. 
The wings were 75 cents so our entire table ordered these. How can I describe these...... They were unappetizing to say the least. Poor flavor, poor texture, all around not very good. I understand this is a new establishment and I hope that things improve, really cute spot that has potential.Stopped by while in town visiting family. Staff was friendly and helpful, especially Matt. Will definitely be swinging by again. CheersEhhhh... that's literally what popped in my head when I thought about this joint. Good to hang and drink.  Food was....ehhhhFishtown brewpub has a great environment and some of the best drinks in the neighborhood. They just hired a new executive chef and the new menu is amazing. I highly recommend stopping by to try some of the new menu items for either dinner or brunch!I want to like this place, but it's very expensive for what it is. The duck pierogies at dinner are $17 and dry AF. There are very few vegetarian options. There's a salad at brunch that's pretty small for $13; if you want chicken, that's another $3. The other brunch items are OK at best. I don't drink beer and I will say that the cocktails are pretty good, but not great. I'd give the food a C and the cocktails range from B to A-. If you want cocktails, there are several places in the area that have better options. 
The bar doesn't have a distinct personality, either. I like a bar that has--not a theme--but an aesthetic or point of view (e.g., Johnny Brenda's, Root, and Kraftwork are very different places, but they all have an aesthetic).My friend and I were out of towners visiting Philly for a show, and we picked this place at random. So happy we did! Great drinks and food. GET THE THICK CUT FRIES, just sayin'.First time at the Fishtown
Brewpub and it was awesome! Very friendly local pub. Heather was very friendly and made great drinks. Tell her what you like and she'll make you an amazing drink. I'll definitely go back.I came in at 11:30pm and was refused service because "they were closing". Posted hours are until 2am on Tuesdays. Very disappointed, going across the street to Barcade to get better service.We only had drinks as this was our third stop on the way home from work (talk about a scenic route). We had the Sassy Ashton which has jalapeño peppers in it (I don't know why but there's something about drinking hot peppers that excites me). Anywho, it was satisfying and the bartenders were pleasant. The atmosphere is cool and fun-like. I don't really know that we were thrilled about anything in the menu, but I'd def go back for another Sassy drankWent there on a Saturday afternoon for a snack and beer.  Great food (get the siracha wings) and the home brew beers were awesome too.  Definitely a great addition to the neighborhood!Located in the heart of the bar scene of Fishtown, the Fishtown Brewpub boasts an aesthetic of Irish sports bar meets hipster gastro pub, but with slightly more upscale feel. Compared to some of the other tasting rooms in the area, it's also much quieter. It's definitely a place to check out if your sole focus is on beer tasting.
There's a nice variety in the beer selection in terms the different types and ABVs, so getting a flight is most definitely recommended. My personal favorites are the C4, Modest Monk, and the award-winning Beatrice Marie. The Modest Monk is a lower ABV Belgian ale that's packed with lots of flavor. It's got a nice medium body with a smoky after taste. The C4, though a much higher ABV IPA is very refreshing and citrusy. The Beatrice Marie is also incredibly refreshing (though it might not look it due to its dark color). It also has a bold citrus taste, but the oats and lactose make it very smooth. 
The food is about average and a little overpriced. It appears they're attempting to put a ritzier spin on traditional bar fare. The brewpub burger is okay; while I can appreciate the creativity with the everything English muffin, it's small and not quite as juicy as I'd like for a burger. Definitely not worth the $13. If you want fries, there's also an upcharge. These are $5 at happy hour and for that price, I won't complain. 
Overall impressions:
Beers: 9/10
Food: 6/10
Atmosphere: 7/10
Location: 10/10
Service: 8/10Let me start out by saying I am a frequent visitor of this establishment.  I am not a local.  I live in New Jersey but this is my go to when visiting philly.  The beer is great and on the cutting-edge.   
The food is unique and delicious.  I love that the menu changes based on the season too.  I recently visited for brunch and had a taste of everything.  Kudos to the owner, chef, beer master, and the entire staff. .You guys are doing it right!We went here for a kids happy hour and were blown away by the service. There must have been 40 kids there and the staff was nothing but nice to us and our kids. The staff had toys and crayons and other things for the kids to play with last night. We had a few beers and thought they were great. We tried the crispy smelt and they were fantastic. Can't wait to go back for buck a shuck.As someone who used to work at arguably one of the best brewpubs in upstate New York, I may be a little biased here but I really did not have a great experience at this place. 
We came in on a Wednesday evening for a quick bite to eat and a couple of beers. We sat at the bar, as usual and waited for the bartender. It took a few minutes for a bartender to greet us even though the bar was barely half full... and there were two bartenders. This really wasn't a big deal but adds to the sum of the whole experience. We get a menu, order some beers and start perusing for something to eat. I got a peachy pale ale and bae got some kind of hefeweizen. Both of the beers were fine but neither of them were remarkable. Both of the beers were served in the wrong glassware, which is nitpicky I know, but it feels like a rip off when you get a 5% pale ale in a snifter for $6. The weizen came in a pint glass which, like, ok, you don't want to carry weizen glasses...but this is a brew pub. Call me a snob but I didn't like it. 
The menu is typical beer bar stuff, wings, burgers, mac and cheese, etc. Nothing really stood out to me so I ordered ginger sriracha wings and bae had a brewpub burger with fries. The wings were not good. They were soggy and not at all spicy and they came with some kind of bland avocado sauce. I asked for blue cheese, which they didn't have. So that triggered me a little. Bae's burger was actually very tasty which was the only redeeming thing that happened while we were here. The fries were ok, too. 
We finished our beers and figured we'd stay for another one since a particularly fun game of quizzo (aka trivia to the rest of the world outside of Philly) was happening. However, the bartender came over to bae, took his glass and didn't bother to ask if he'd like another one. Then he came back a few minutes later and took our order for another beer. I order the same thing, bae orders a pilsner or kolsch. The keg kicks while the bartender is pouring mine into the annoyingly small snifter. So instead of either dumping the sad booty of the keg down the drain or offering it to me for free, he heads downstairs to change the keg with intentions of topping off that sad flat mess with beer from the new keg. I don't care if I get a free beer or not but if I'm paying for it I certainly don't want the hiney of the keg. It turned out that they didn't actually have another keg of that beer so they did give me the half pour on the house. Redeemed. Bae's beer had a strange vanilla flavor that had no business existing in a lager. I don't know if they had previously had something vanilla flavored on that line before or what but that was obviously not meant to be part of that beer. I realize that many people aren't as annoying as I am about beer but this is a BREWERY. YOU BREW BEER. Mediocre beer and then you make it slightly bad beer with poor service and inappropriate use of your lines.
We got the check and one of the bartenders said that because she had deleted the button for the peachy pale ale after the keg kicked that I wasn't going to be charged for my first beer either. So one star for free, albeit bad beer and one star for the burger.Went here after a concert on a Sunday night and the place was quite empty, but the bartender was nonetheless friendly and willing to provide advice on beer and food. Very nice and clean bar with a rustic look. I believe this place is the product of the ever-expanding Fishtown area and hopped onto the scene within the last year. They brew their beer down below and tried their SOMNAMBULIST LOVE LETTER. This a great citrusy IPA was an easy drinking. We ordered the nachos which were a plenty and delicious. I would love to come back and try more of their food and beer.My friend and I came on a Saturday night just to get some drinks and appetizers and we were pleasantly surprised! 
The bar did not have any spots left so the hostess escorted us to a booth. There was a party going us therefore the entire place was loud but tolerable! The whole space is not very big and it was very crowded.
I opted for an Austin Cider, which is normally my go to so nothing extra about this. My friend opted with the mystery beer tour, if you guess right you get a $1! I thought that was a very fun and different experience. 
I got the cheesesteak on a sesame bun- I was very surprised about how delicious it was! My friend got the Mac and cheese with bacon and it was amazing! Neither were your typical low key bar food. 
Our service was wonderful! From the quick wait and the waitress being present and helpful throughout our stay. I will be back! 
I would recommend going if you want to try a new place in the fishtown area! It is located just a few blocks from The Filmore/ Garage/ Frankford Hall.Apparently it's "illegal" to order more than one beer at a time here...
Servers need to learn the laws in the city if they're going to say no to ordering more than one beer - if you're serving flights, then I can order two beersWhen we came here were excited to see that they also brewed their own beer. But unfortunately the list of available beers on the menu was really limited. And all of the ones that we had were okay, but most of the available varieties offered appealed to drinkers with tastes for lighter, fruitier sensibilities. If they had some beers with more body and bite it would have balanced out the selection a bit more. 
The food, on the other hand was excellent. I had the brewpub burger that was delicious with every bite and the fries were excellent. 
Other than that, The service at the bar could have also used some improvement, despite the fact that the bar was not that busy, the bartenders were not very quick to offer more drinks and seemed often too preoccupied attending what seemed like regulars during the trivia game.Good food good drinks.  Try the lobster wiz whiz fries.  Drinks are good/unique.  Barstaff super friendly.Enjoyed the wild mushroom and artichoke dip, the roasted beet burger, and the charred broccoli rabe. All very delicious. I recommend all of them. Quiet place, spacious inside, not many people.This is a pretty straightforward brewpub. Their beers offer a decent variety, but nothing really stands out as a must have. Food is the same, it's a very accessible menu. The big wraparound bar really dominates the space, and offers plenty of seating. Staff is friendly and attentive. It's a solid choice in a neighborhood with lot of options.The drinks we're perfect and the food was good. I thought the service was great and the music was outstanding.During our short trip to Philadelphia my friends and I enjoyed our time at Fishtown Brewpub we went there for drinks twice. The bar staff were affable, the beer was great (I'm a fan of the stout), and if we come back to Philly we'll definitely be dropping by again. 
Shout out to Paige for being a stellar host!I went here the other night as one of our stops while bar hopping. We didn't get any food so i can't rate on that but what I can say was the pretty bartender with the tattoos and red hair was AMAZING! She actually made me a hot tea because she could tell I was getting over a cold ! 
She also made the best old fashions we've ever had ! So 5/5 for service and drinksnice vibe at the quiet bar! 
we stopped by cause we were in the area and looking for microbrews~ had no idea what to expect but my group of 8 rolled in early sat night and got seated right away.
the menu isn't big so it made it super easy for us to pick our drinks lol i got the dirt child's farmer's ale and it was ok~ perhaps hoppier than i was going for but it tasted alright.
munchies wise: we got the wings, fish sticks and personal serving of the soft shell crab~  the food was good! wings were super spicy! you might have to get a side of milk to go with that lol fish sticks were a great choice as munchies! good portion for sharing between 3-4.  the soft shell crab was yummy, though i can't say i had enough to remember the taste of it haha granted they tend to be kinda small, they're hard to find when they're not in season.
i enjoyed the vibe at fishtown brewpub~ very tamed on sat night.  still a little uncertain what kinda place they want to be, but i hope it's here to stay!Tasty chicken wings and Mac cheese. Great atmosphere and friendly bartenders. Will come back soonThis place has gotten so much better over the last year or so. When it first opened, the food was pretty mediocre. Since changing chefs, I've had two meals here and both were fantastic. I recommend their cheesesteak and the coffee golden ale. The wings are good, tooI was not aware this was our second time here, but fortunately my wife gave me a gentle reminder that we visited Fishtown Brewpub in 2018
If you have read any of my past reviews, you will notice a pattern that I'm particularly picky with beer. So this review may be a bit more critical than your regular review - more so for the beer. 
Fishtown Brewpub is tucked away on a corner building, away from the hustle and bustle of, say, Spring Garden Street. The restaurant is well decorated, with plenty of televisions for those wanting to watch your favorite sports team. 
First, let's get to the drinks. The beer here is simply okay. It's not terrible, but it's not great either. I had their 'Cool Beans' beer, which had some hints of coffee in it. I only had one glass, but I didn't come away impressed. Luckily, my wife and I had just come from Evil Genius Brewery, so I wasn't completely disappointed in the offerings that Fishtown Brewpub had on tap. My wife was smart and ordered a sangria, which she enjoyed (much more than my beer).
The service was on point. Our waitress was attentive and had a great personality. The place was a bit busy, as you would expect on a Saturday night, but she would always come by an ensure our glasses were always filled with water and ask if we needed anything else.  
Now onto the food. It was pretty good. We were starving, so we ordered the flatbread which was music to our ears. My wife had a salad for her entree while I had the ribs. You're able to pick two sides with the ribs and I mistakenly picked the cole slaw as one side. I'm not sure the dressing that was used on the slaw, but I took a couple bites and had to push it away. However, the fries and the ribs themselves were delicious. 
Overall, two stars for service and one star for the food. Zero stars for the beer (hence my overall rating of three stars). I would certainly come here for the food, and heck, maybe the mixed drinks are good. But the beer is just not impressive at all. My suggestion? If you're into beer, hit up Evil Genius Brewing first, which is literally a 4 minute drive. Then come to Fishtown Brewpub for the food and nightcap.Great vibe and atmosphere when we walked in.  Mr. Owner: hire some help man. It took over 10 minutes for a server to get to us just for a beer. That's not a statement about the server there just wasn't anyone available. The beer was great. We tried several.  The food was average at best. The brioche bun on our burger was 2x the size of the burger.  The ribeye on our cheesesteak was burned and hard. One of our 6 meals finally came out when the rest of us were halfway finished. The bathrooms were not in good shape and one of the two had no TP or paper towels.  Maybe this is a new place and still working out some kinks. I'd say great place for a beer and a snack but skip the dinner. Plenty of other options nearby.Nice good service the night I went. Chill (for a Friday night) and hip modern setting/ambiance in a bustling hood. Also thought they had good beer selections to chase down with solid whiskeys on hand. Noticed some intriguing food options on the menu which I'll have to try the next time I pop in there.First time coming to Fishtown and this was the first stop because I wanted both food and drinks to start off our Sunday! Glad we did because they had some great food and also their own brews for those into craft beers!
Getting here/Parking
We took an Uber from South Jersey so we wouldn't have to worry about parking. Our friends drove and found street parking just around the corner. The Sugar Casino is also close by and has a parking garage as well.. free I believe but don't take my word for it!
Ambience/Service
We arrived and were the only ones there. It was 2pm on a Sunday.. but more and more people started coming in so didn't feel as awkward! Decor inside is really cool. I noticed a chandelier made from beer bottles which was pretty cool. The bar area, where we sat, was nice and clean and liked how the tap looked! Bartender helped us right away, although not really talkative, he checked on us and was attentive. 
Beer
Since it was my first time, I opted for the flights so I could try a few before ordering the regular size. I was sad that there were no stouts or porters as an option. Of the beers I had tried, I really only liked 2 of them.. and that was between me and my husbands selection. I liked Crying in Public and Cool Beans. Cool beans actually has some caffeine in it as it's made from some actual coffee beans. I rated their beers as ok because nothing really got me excited, but it's not like they were horrible either. Just didn't wow me. 
Food
What really did impress me was the food! I ordered the Fish N Chips and my husband got the Cheesesteak. My fish n chips were so crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. Flavor was on point. The fries were good too. My husbands Cheesesteak was really good too.. and whatever they had in their cheese sauce that's house-made, it was so good in the sandwich. I would definitely come back just to get either of these dishes again.
Overall my experience was great and I would definitely come back! If you're in Fishtown, definitely a great stop to eat and grab a drink. Definitely get their flights because you get to choose 4 beers to sample!Came here with friends on a Tuesday night, not too busy but most tables were full. We sat at the bar and the service was solid. Delicious beer - I had 2 Phoster's DIPA which was the right amount of hops and citrus. For dinner, I had the cheesesteak which was damn good w/ the Cooper sharp cheddar. I know Joe's is right down the street - but sometimes it's nice to have your greasy cheesesteak with a cold beer in a glass.Wings are awesome. Had a surprisingly good grilled cauliflower salad and wasnt embarrassed ordering it.Had a work meeting here the other night and was impressed with their happy hour menu. All apps were $5 and portions were full sized. Even though, they were out of 2 dishes I wanted to try, all of the dishes we ordered were delicious. The prosciutto flatbread was very tasty. While the buffalo wings did not have much sauce, they had a very nice crunch and taste good. There was a $5 drink special called "bartenders choice" and it was definitely worth the $5. No watered down drinks here. I would certainly recommend this place, for $20, you will leave this place full and buzzed during happy hour.The food was good. The bartenders were getting hammered off shots the entire time and not exactly attentive. I felt like I was bothering them to try to get their attention for something. The chef came upstairs and was especially friendly and accommodatingNo beers available by the actual brewery.  TVs all around bar yet not on and ordered nachos (canceled after food was not delivered in 30 mins with almost an empty bar).  Wish the brewpub the best yet my opinion is they opened too soon.  Not prepared to do business..Since we live a block from here, we're at this place on average once a week. What do we go for? Pretty much the beer. It's good. Really good. The IPAs are stellar and their porter Haulin' Oats is one of my favorites. The bar is large and in charge. There are a few scattered tables around the periphery. The food is hit or miss. The kitchen has some nice creativity but sometimes the consistency is missing. The prices are also a little steep. Love the bartenders, they're quirky and ultra friendly. Pretty much a great neighborhood brewpub. A good stop before a Fillmore show.Great spot for food and drinks before our concert at The Fillmore!  The vibe inside is cool, big bar, big windows and outdoor tables if it's nice.  We parked at The Fillmore or else that could have been a problem.   We arrived during happy hour so half price drinks and food specials made this an extra good time.  I tried two of their house craft brews and loved both of them.  My friend had the bartender special spiked root beer and it was very good.  The wings were great, crispy and saucy, both the bbq and the tangy mustard.  Then I had the PubBurger. It wasn't medium like I requested but still good.  My friend had the prosciutto flat bread which she liked.  
Definitely a place I would recommend.My experience here has typically been OK, but my last experience was pretty terrible. A group of us went there for all you can eat crab and it was incredibly disappointing. 
The 2 clusters of crab each of us received per round (which seems like nothing), took 15-20 minutes to come out every single time. Every bit of crab meat we ate was super dry and majority of the shells were soft. We kept hoping that the next round might get better but they gradually got worse. Our very last round had a few clusters that were legitimately rotten and smelled like ammonia. The smell made all of us dry heave but somehow we were dying with laughter because this wasn't surprising based on our experience thus far. Unfortunately all of us had at least a small piece of the crab before we realized what was going on. This seems weird but if your an advocate for all you cant eat crab, you know you don't think, you just eat.  Once we realized this, we told the server and she immediately took it back to the kitchen for inspection. She came out and said some smelled a bit funky, but it could have been sitting in the freezer or it was dry rub from the ribs they just made? Apparently they could have gotten mixed up in the oven or something. I forget exactly what she said and how that was possible. Anyway, the dry rub excuse was hilarious because this would mean they were using poop flavored dry rub for their ribs. Imagine the combination of death and poop, that was the smell of the crabs. The actual body of the crab was black as well. 
Perhaps the most confusing part of the night occurred when we received the check. Our server said "I can't just take off 3 orders of all you can eat crab, but I will comp the 2 happy hour whiskeys you got." She proceeded to give us her contact information incase any of us had gotten sick and had to go to the hospital. She said they would cover medical expenses and they're very good when it comes to this stuff. However, this made zero sense in our minds. How do you refuse to comp 3 all you can eat crab orders, but gladly take on thousands in medical bills. 
Although this was a horrible experience and we still tipped 20 dollars, I don't think Fishtown Brewpub should be totally avoided. The servers are kind, the atmosphere is very chill, but they may just need to stop doing all you can eat crab. Perhaps learn to do what is right for a customer as well. 
Lastly, the new wings they make were not very good because they tasted like pure marinara sauce.We got the crab boil. Actually we got two! So fresh so good. We got one Cajun and one house spice. They were both good! We ordered and picked it up. Came with directions for cooking! We followed it and just enjoyed a delicious fresh dinner at home!  Super good! Great delivery "cans" that you put right in the stove!  We definitely recommend this for a great dinner!     and sausage/ kielbasa!The bar is sleek and the city wide price is what you'd hope for. There are TVs at the bar so some people were there to watch a game. The prices and pours lend themselves to attracting a good crowd! The other patrons on a Friday night were super talkative so I enjoyed the crowd. Also the wings that some people ordered looked great, so possibly would try again to sample some bites.
One of the two waitresses wasn't the kindest the night that I went, instead going the route of giving me a hassle when I tried to order two drinks for me and my friend who was in the bathroom. Don't think I've ever had a reaction like that, but I suppose I understand the rules of every bar are different.Solid bar in the Fishtown rotation... usually always bar seats, TVs have the games. Food is decent! And quizzo during the week.Solid solid stuff, definitely appreciated after a day of drinking pour the core in Philly. I ordered the wings as an app and the fried chicken sandwich for entree. They were out of flatbreads so that was a bummer. For the sandwich I could have maybe used some more aioli or mayo or something on the chicken sandwich it was a little dry. Though wings were pretty tasty and lots of meat. Next time I stop by will be to try some of the beer menu which looked. Though this was pretty average for bar food but they were accommodating for a large crowd which was nice.I came in last Sunday. It was pretty dead. We had drinks but it was pretty standard. Nothing really stood out. We were going to eat but it just didn't seem very inviting and nothing on the menu really stood out. Maybe it is better at night. The service was okay too. Nothing to bring me back or to have stayed.Cute little brewpub in Fishtown! We weren't super impressed by our meals (cheesesteak and ribs) but nothing to complain about either - typical bar meal. Drinks were good and the staff were very nice. Would recommend as a place to start the night before checking out Fishtown.We only had drinks as this was our third stop on the way home from work (talk about a scenic route). We had the Sassy Ashton which has jalapeño peppers in it (I don't know why but there's something about drinking hot peppers that excites me). Anywho, it was satisfying and the bartenders were pleasant. The atmosphere is cool and fun-like. I don't really know that we were thrilled about anything in the menu, but I'd def go back for another Sassy drank. Also, I just found out that they have all you can eat crab legs so I will definitely be returning!!!!!!!!!!Stopped by while walking around the neighborhood on a Saturday evening, mainly because we haven't been there yet and could use a nice beer break.
The place was relatively busy - most of the tables were full, and over half of the barstools were taken up.  There was a pretty large (birthday) party at the two tables in the back.  We grabbed two stools and sat at the bar - it's very nicely laid out where the entire middle part is open and you can see all over the restaurant.  The two taps were on each end of the bar, so they weren't right in front of your face as your sitting, as most bars are, which I thought was pretty cool.
Our bartender was extremely pleasant and provided us menus.  The beers here are very interesting - not sure what to make of them, and after trying them, not sure I'm personally a big fan.  They are very unique with strong tastes...I ended up getting the flight #2, as I wasn't sure what to try.  There are too many flavors that it ends up taking over, and you don't really get to enjoy it - I had no idea what I was tasting.
Pulsford St - typical english style brown, very similar to a Newcastle, but a bit lighter/smoother
Earthworks - this was pretty good, a light, refreshing beer
Pigs - this was an IPA that had a good after-taste like an IPA, but very confusing when you first drink it
Demystified Intent - hate to say it, but this was terrible...felt like I was tasting warm apple juice that has gone bad...it's almost clear and very light
They have a lot of veggie options, so I'll be back to try them, but may just stick to the cocktails vs the beers.This may become my new favorite bar! Needing a respite from the noise and high energy of Barcade across the street, my friend and I made our way over here and really enjoyed ourselves. It is more laid back and I can really appreciate the microbrews here. 
I forget the exact names of the brews because I drank a fair amount of them. But they have an excellent IPA that is still drinkable despite an impressive ABV. They also let us taste beers flavored with both vanilla and peach and they were both very enjoyable. 
The bartender Paige was adorable, personable, and knowledgeable. She made our experience that much better. I will definitely be a return customer here!Second time here since the opening last weekend. Very big double-sided bar with a bunch of stools. Also plenty of standing room, and also booths, tables, and high tops. Decent number of TVs so you can watch sports, unlike some other Philly craft beer spots - this place strikes a great balance for the neighborhood and should appeal to all. Friendly bar staff.
Not a massive establishment, but I'd say a good, efficient use of space in this former elevator/hosiery factory.
Note that as of 8/2/17, the house beers are still forthcoming due to a brewing equipment failure (according to mgmt), but the draft list as-is is still pretty solid with regional (northeast US) craft selections.
Food's pretty good so far - have only had snacks. Beef "Tar Tar" was different but good - and I learned what espuma is.
Crafty cocktail recipes look delicious. Haven't tried them though. Pricing is on par for the course for the concoctions (~$10). Note that these guys are not subject to the Liquor License restriction that mandates only in-state products.
If lavender-infused tequila beverages aren't your jawn, you can also get a Yuengling here. And I especially like that fact - a brewpub that's not afraid to offer some optionality outside it's own brews. You don't [always have to] get high on your own supply.This place is a nightmare. I've lived in the area for 14 years and this bartender was the worst person I've encountered in a long time. Came in for happy hour. The beer SUCKS. They have a very small happy hour menu. I ordered the prosciutto flatbread and the bartender said "no flatbreads are available" with no explanation. The wings were great. I wish i had a good beer to wash it down with. A party of international people came in with about 30 people as we were eating and the first thing she said was "do you speak English". This place blows and I'd rather die than come back here again.I give this restaurant a two star rating because the service was good and this rating isn't because of anything my server did. Otherwise it would have been a 1 star rating.
My friends and I decided to go here last night for a bite to eat and a drink.  I ordered the sausage banhmi sandwich ($14.00) and for 2 extra dollars you get thick cut fries.  The sandwich comes on a maybe 6inch or 7 inch hoagie roll with a lemongrass sausage, pickled carrots and daikon, jalapeños and Kimchi mayo.  For taste, I'll let anyone who tries the sandwich be the judge since everyone has different tastes buds.  My complaints about this restaurant doesn't come from taste of food but from what was in my sandwich.  I took a bite out of the sandwich and after chewing for a few seconds I realized there is a hard texture in my sandwich... Felt just like egg shells were in my sandwich. Immediately I spit it out on a napkin.  First thing I did was check the menu to see if this Sandwich was supposed to have eggs and maybe  a tiny piece of the shell was mistakenly not taken out. Nope.. No eggs.. So I told my server I wanted to return this dish because of what I I just chewed and spit back out.  She then goes and talks to the chef and the chef tells her it could have been fat pieces from the sausage.  I explained it couldn't have been pork fat because pork fat texture isn't hard like egg shells.
I left the sandwich by the end of the table with my napkin and it was never cleared.  I was curious why the plate was not taken. I come to  realize it wasn't cleared because they were going to charge me for the meal I was not able to eat and enjoy.  Later when the check came out, I saw the meal was on the check, I decided to snap a few pictures of the sandwich.  The waitress asked if I were going to leave a review and I explained I was because the meal that was not cooked properly and that I did not eat was still on the bill.  Sounds a little unfair.  She then told me that management said to keep it on the bill because "you don't go to the movies and because the movie wasn't good, you can't ask for your money back".  Correct me if I'm wrong, but if you go to the movies and the sound quality was crap or if the screen was glitchy, you can walk out and get a voucher for another movie or get your money back.
I never said the sandwich didn't taste good.. My explanation was that my sandwich clearly wasn't cooked correctly....This is a generous three stars - I could easily go with two stars.  But the people seem nice and it's not a bad looking place.  
The food here is very very average.  We sampled a number of things from their new menu - and really I think I could have cooked some of it.  The burger especially just seemed like a beef patty you could buy in a box at the grocery store and then cooked.  It wasn't seasoned or anything - it wasn't expensive at least.  The wings were dry and flavorless (my wife said they were a "2 out of 10").  We ordered a side of the Mac and cheese which also tasted out of a box with ritz crackers crumbled on top.
The beer is so so, not bad but not great.  Honestly the best part of the place was the staff and the vibe, both of which were good.  And it's near Barcade.Wanted to hit the old neighborhood. So much has changed in Fishtown since I lived there 20+ years ago. Menu looks pretty good. Cool brewpubby vibe. 
It's kinda early in the day, how about a Ginger Ale to start? 
$3.75. 
For a Ginger Ale? 
Did you guys brew the Ginger Ale? Was it blessed by a Ginger before you served it? Can I keep the glass? Am I helping to pay off an old gambling debt? Perhaps you discriminate against blond people? Is it a $1.00 for everyone else, but $3.75 for us toe heads?
I dunno... kinda tough to get past the handing over of a fin and raking my single off the bar so I can leave a $.75 tip and not look like a stemhead. 
Would it kill ya to charge what street vendors do for a Ginger Ale? A buck seems fair.
Just sayin'...
Oh crap, should I have left the dollar and taken the quarters? This math is killin' me. (J/K - I left the buck)