Some dishes very good, others so-so.  Pasta excellent.  Good wine selection.  Had their nightly special which came out really bland.  Mentioned to staff, and they acknowledged new chef in kitchen, but offered nothing in terms of compensating for it (and it was rather pricy dish).  Horrible 80's music (Ghost Busters song, Girls just want to have fun, etc.) blaring from speakers.  All servers giving their all to make it a great experience, but almost too hard.  Would go back in time, but would certainly hesitate before doing so.  Just go in and be selective about what your order...trick will be what to select...Phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal service ! Beryl was our waiter. He was pleasant and relaxed, always close by if we needed anything, and knew the menu well. He gave great recommendations when we were being indecisive with both food and wine (because we wanted everything!), and was great about refilling water and wine. We were a group of 6 and I know thats not always easy !
The descriptions on the menu left all of our mouths watering and when the food came it was even better than we predicted. The bread was served warm and the butter was salty and sweet. Butter might be weird thing to remember so vividly but it was very distinct. We all shared the beets, brussel sprouts, artichokes, ricotta, and deviled eggs. I got the short rib which came with peach and gnocchi. My boyfriend got the special for the night which was a seafood dish that had shrimp with the heads still on. He couldn't stop raving about it. I can't even properly describe properly describe how amazing everything was!
I can't wait to go back with just him and sit at the open kitchen bar for a date night. 
Do not overlook this place! I regret not trying it sooner !I've been living in Philadelphia for two years and only recently discovered this gem while walking around. Great date place. We opted for the lamb shank for two and a couple apps--the grilled squid was extraordinary. The interior is beautiful and wait staff was consistently engaging without being overbearing and happy to chat when we initiated a conversation with them. Highly recommended.I love Restaurant Week! I'd been meaning to try this respected establishment, and when I saw the RW menu I took the opportunity to do just that. I'm glad I did. This was a very nice experience. Fitler Dining Room, at 22nd and Spruce, is owned by the same people who have Pub & Kitchen, another place I like. It is easily accessible and a beautiful small room. Service was very friendly and efficient.
I started with steak tartare, which was terrific. Tartare is something I order whenever I see it on a menu, so I've had many different versions, and I would put this one in the top ten percent, lightly dressed in a lovely sauce. The short ribs, served with gnocchi and swiss chard, was a generous portion and very tender. The s'more pot de creme was not perfectly smooth but tasted good and had lovely toasted marshmallows on the side. Yum.
Chefs work behind a counter next to the dining area so while you can't see what they're doing, it's fun to see them hard at work.
This was a great meal with terrific service, and I will go back again.This restaurant is so cute and the food was amazing. I had the fish of the day and it was cooked wonderfully, lightly pan seared but still moist with a lot of flavor. We enjoyed several of the small plates to share and they were all just as delightful. Highly recommend!I read an Iris Murdoch quote in one of my food zine's the other day and no other combination of words could more adequately sum up my FDR experience...
"Of course reading and thinking are important but, my god, food is important too. How fortunate we are to be food-consuming animals. Every meal should be a treat and one ought to bless every day which brings with it a good digestion and the precious gift of hunger."
This meal was quite a treat and any dining establishment that can do Restaurant Week with this much pizzazz has my five star vote.
Perfect for an intimate date night. Perfect for a girls night out. Just all around perfect. I can't think of one bite of food I ate that wasn't absolutely divine. And let me tell you, I had several bites of said divine food. Proof (listed in order of most most most delicious to most delicious) ..
Celery Soup
Fluke
Smores pot de Creme
Short Rib
Krimpet
Mussels and Brussels
Cheese
Lamb Spaghetti
And don't neglect that fabulous little ramekin of honey butter. Because "my god, butter is important too."Finally checked out one of the neighborhood gems. The atmosphere was lovely for dinner. We celebrated our anniversary and thoroughly enjoyed our meal. It's a limited menu, but offers something for everyone. We had the lamb ragu as an app (so good) and beet salad. Both were great starters. Our main courses include duck breast and hanger steak and equally delicious. We finished with a chocolate gateau with peanut butter and cherry. So wonderful. With such an intimate dining experience, we expected the service to be a bit more attentive - which leads to my 4 out of 5 rating. Definitely recommend it!While the food was good it wasn't outstanding. The wine list (by the glass) could be better. The service was bad. At one time I had to get up from the table, walk to the counter and ask if someone can help us. The friend I had dinner with is black and and I was wondering whether that had something to do with the bad service.Went for dinner during an extended torrential downpour.  The waitstaff was super nice about helping us with our umbrellas and providing towels for those not prepared for the weather.  We started with two appetizer specials, a pate wrapped in bacon and scallops in a "foam", not a sauce.  All were delicious, even the brussels sprouts my friend insisted on ordering.  For the main, we ordered the short ribs and the pork belly special.  Both were fabulous,  I can still taste them.  The dessert was kind of meh but didn't affect an otherwise excellent meal and charming restaurant.I am in love with this place. Had the pei oyster. Butter lettuce salad, beef tartare and braised short rib. In love!This place has fantastic food and fantastic service. Have come here for weekend brunch and dinner. The menu changes regularly as they keep it fresh and based on in season ingredients. The interior of the restaurant is  really cute, with a few chefs counter seats as well as some outside seating on a really nice street that isn't too busy. 
One time when we came here for brunch, we had an interesting experience w another diner who asked my boyfriend to stop shaking his leg because it was shaking their table. The staff overheard this and gave us free dessert because they felt so bad about this awkward encounter. When we came back for brunch a few weeks later, the staff remembered that encounter and remembered us and took the time to apologize for it. Couldn't believe they even remembered!
Last night when we were ordering dinner, we were debating about getting oysters as an appetizer but decided not to because they came in orders of 6 and we thought it would be too much food. Our server told the kitchen about our conversation, who brought us out 4 oysters on the house. 
Truly amazing and attentive service.Wonderful for brunch! Had the broccoli omelette which was pleasantly accompanied by a kale salad. The salad was delish & just lightly dressed with some citrus vinaigrette.  Ordered a side of bacon as well. This is a must for all bacon lovers. Shares the smothered fingerling potatoes. Awesome! 
Servers were so cute & attentive to boot.  I'll gladly go back for brunch!Be sincere; be brief; be seated. December. Philadelphia. The breeze is a bitter wind. We better unwind. The windows at Fitler Dining Room were bedecked with dazzling lights and lined with homey, seasonal pine garland. Once within, my love and I were offered a seat at the bar. The kitchen was on full display, and we were both happy to be so close to the flames. A critic sat beside us, ordering almost everything. Enviously, I ordered only the Roasted Onion Soup, and the gnocchi as entree. The soup was a saline delight, leaving my lips slightly puckered. The gnocchi was a buttery, herbal sensation, but a decision made through the self-inflicted vices of frugality and a vegetarian diet. Welcome to the neighborhood, FDR!We went for dinner at 9:30pm and based on the 4.5 reviews with 45 people, I expected much more.
We got oysters. These were good and fresh. 
Bread was no better than the toast I keep in the freezer. Dry,  and maybe my imagination, but almost had refrigerator smell. The butter was good.
Server had all the flair and helpfulness of a dictionary. Asked her about one of the fish dishes and the vegetables accompanying it. She stiffly rattles of a dictionary-like description of the dish. Accurate, perhaps. But no more informative than the description on the menu.
Pasta with uni butter and trout roe. Very good flavors and nicely cooked pasta, though the uni was unnoticeable.
Gnocchi with snails: snails had sand or dirt. sauce was interesting. gnocchi overcooked.
Fluke: it says line caught, but I've had better fish that was frozen. Completely overcooked. There were accompanying vegetables on the dish - these were much better prepared than the fish.
Server, through it all, went through the motions of a waiter. Asked how it was, shared a stiff smile, a bit slow throughout the meal - again, mediocre, but not bad. 
Perhaps it was an off night we went, but definitely I'm having a hard time understanding how my experience could be so mediocre with all these high ratings.
Front house manager did notice I left an article of clothing behind and was very nice to let me know by shouting after me when I was a block away. Awesome guy.
Overall, very mixed feelings. I could see the creativity and the potential. But tonight, food and service was executed unevenly.So it's a little pricier than your standard neighborhood go-to, but it delivers on service and great tasting food. If you sit at the chef's counter, you get to watch all of the action which only adds to the whole experience. We really enjoyed all of the dishes we got (5 appetizers, 4 mains, and 4 desserts for 4 of us), but here are some of our favorites:
Mushroom Soup- intense mushroom flavor with silky smooth presentation
Scallops with Squid Ink and Saffron Rice- such a comforting dish with rich Spanish flavors
Cod with Minestrone- delicate and light, but the favorite of even the biggest carnivore of the group
Gnocchi with Corn- puffy pillows with sweet little corn kernels
Chocolate Cake: so we decided to order one of each dessert and we were surprised that a seemingly simple chocolate cake had us all swooning. It's the cake I want for my birthday.
Pumpkin Cheesecake- creamy, pumpkiny filling with a thick cookie crust, this just screamed autumn
The short ribs had a really wonderful stew flavor but were a little fatty for our liking. 
The chefs and our waiter were really friendly which was the cherry on top of our whole meal here. This is definitely going to be added to our regular rotation of nice date-night places.Charming, down to earth, efficient waitstaff.
Simple menu.
Good food.
A relaxing atmosphere that makes you want to linger for hours.
I have lived in Philly for three years and have been craving a place like this - a go-to restaurant with good food that is friendly and unpretentious.  One of the most satisfying meals I have eaten in Philly.  I adore skate, order it alot, and this was the best I have ever had.  It was succulent.  (I hate that word but it fits.)  The crab Louis salad was refreshing.  And their olive oil cake dessert was just insanely good.  Heaven in a bowl.
Lastly, who doesn't love a restaurant with the initials FDR?"OMG! OMG! OMG! " consider that said, repeatedly yet not manic or  loudly.  More like slowly waking up from a dream that you still can't wrap your head around, it was that good.  I wonder if I should wait longer before writing anything about this place, as I feel like it's possible I was secretly drugged with happy pills(?)  
So I tried a number of FDR dishes I shared with a friend tonight and each one kept appearing as perfect as can be.  The scallops and black pudding, the gnocchi and snails, the sunchoke and pear puree with smoked trout... the skate and coconut curry, the pork extravaganza ... it was all amazingly rich and flavorful and yet somewhat light - as heaven should be.  OK, OK Im sounding a bit too much like I'm still on the food high, which I am I suppose, but even the galumpki on the pork dish was incredibly light and wonderful.
Basically we over-ordered and still couldn't resist dessert.  The camembert ice cream atop the toasted spongecake was seductive - you could pretty much see cartoon, throbbing hearts in my eye.
The portions are generous for the quality here so beware not to over order, just visit often!
OK I'll shut up now.  Im done professing my love for the best meal Ive had in a long time.... and I eat embarrassingly too often to admit with any truth.Meh... What a waste of a meal! I put this place in the same pile as Matyson, 20 Manning, and Dandelion - full of promise, some good buzz, but ultimately disappointing food and cooking skill.
The steak tartare has to be one of the worst I've had in years. The meat was grey. Not visually pleasing at all. It should be a rule that all steak tartare have some red to it.  Old meat? Was it left out at room temperature uncovered for too long? Was it rank? Not sure because it was dressed with so much chopped cornichons and capers, I could only taste salty-sour. It was more a salty-sour chopped salad than steak tartare, so much green in my tartare, more than half the volume was cornichons! Eeek!
The fluke course started out well - golden brown crisped skin, with a bit of crust.  But, they over-cooked the rest of it. Dry. Butter can hide a lot, but not this time. I needed to liberally apply the green bean almondine to finish it off.  Almost, but just didn't quite nail the cooking.
The space and furnishings are charming. The green traffic light beaming into the dining room a little Gatsby-esque. The service was on point.  Very nice guys.  The food was just so... unfortunate.
Final nit: They start playing hip hop and rap at the end of dinner service. WTF? I'm fine with that at a bar. I don't want to hear that crap when I eat. All in all, no repeat. There are too many great new and established restaurants in Center City.  I regret not going back to Aldine again last night.  There's always tonight!  =)Tonight two close friends and I made the fantastic decision of having dinner at the FDR.  When asked where we should go, I immediately remembered the great ambiance of Melagrano at 22nd and Spruce but was reminded that This restaurant had relocated a few years ago and subsequently Meme had come and gone and now FDR was the occupant.  We decided to give it a shot.
Simple put......Kim Quick.   All three of us have extensive experience directly dealing with client service (at the Hyatt Corp,  Bellevue, etc) and agreed that Ms. Quick may have been one of the most elegant and inviting servers we have ever experienced.
Was the food excellent?  Yes.  However; there are many restaurants serving  great food.   Unfortunately, there are much less with great servers.
Would we re-visit the FDR for the food alone?  Maybe
Would we re-visit the FDR for the service provided by Ms Quick ( coupled with the food)?  ABSOLUTELY!If I were rating on looks alone, I'd definitely give Fitler Dining Room five stars. I love the charming outdoor seating, the I'm-Not-Trying-Too-Hard interior decoration, and the rustic-chic serving presentation. What I and my eating companion were not blown away by, however, was the food.
We shared the following:
Scallops
Nicely seared on the outside, translucent but firm in the center-- all around solidly cooked. It's been a few weeks since I ate here, but if I remember correctly the scallops were served with a sauce made from leeks and with microgreens on top. No complaints here, other than I wish there had been more than two scallops on the plate!
Atlantic Cod
This was the most disappointing of the three dishes that we tried. The dish as a whole had only one note: salty. The deep grey hue of the charred leek cream created an unappetizing backdrop for the salty cod and cockles. While the turnips offered contrast in texture, they ultimately did not lend a hand in balancing flavor.
Pork Belly
We were not impressed with the cookery displayed by this dish. Contrary to the menu's description, the skin of the pork belly was not crispy. The pork had an off-putting flavor that made us wonder if it had been properly cleaned prior to cooking. What we did like was how the fat melted into the meat, and the succotash was fresh and colorful. 
We also had the option of having Sunday Supper, but we opted out because we could not pick and choose from the special and regular menu. Had we been able to, we would've loved to have tried the grilled watermelon. There were only two other parties dining while we were there...perhaps other restaurants would've been willing to make an exception for us?
That night, we left Fitler Dining Room thinking, "Okay, that was a nice meal." We thoroughly enjoyed the scallops appetizer but were unimpressed by the entrees that followed. Luckily, our enjoyment of the first dish left a pleasant enough impression that we still want to come back. Now that we know what we DON'T like at Fitler Dining Room, surely all that's left is what we DO. The glass is actually half full, right?Came here with a bunch of girlfriends about two months ago and I have been dying to get back ever since.  The restaurant is located on 22nd and Spruce (entrance on 22nd) and its small and cozy.  I arrived early and was able to be seated without the rest of the group (there were 6 of us total).  
Once a few others strolled in, we ordered a bottle of wine and decided to start with a cheese board.  We chose a 5 spread board with accompaniments.  The chef assembled ample portions of the Cranberry Creek Monomonock (raw goat cheese), Yellow Spings Cloud Nine (pasteurized goat), Vermont Cremont (pasteurized cow and goat), the Old Chatham Eye's Blue (pasteurized sheep) and the Cherry Grove Herdsman (raw cow).  All were so special and paired perfectly with different fruits and spreads. 
I then had the brussels sprouts which were out of this world and for my entree I had a pasta special with mushrooms.  I forget what it was called (I know homemade egg noodles were involved) but it was so buttery and silky.  It was a nice rich (but light enough) pasta dish.  There was not a noodle left on the plate.  
Our server, Craig was able to educate us about the cheese board and other menu specific questions.  He was always back to make sure we were taken care of.  
They take plastic which is good, because you can easily drop dollars here. Especially if you're ordering two bottles of wine like we did.Fitler Dining Room is a cute spot for brunch in Philly, but with so many brunch options I don't know that I'd revisit it. A solid 3.5, but to be fair we did go when it recently opened and the menu has since changed completely. Not crowded when we went on a Saturday for four. 
Ambiance: the interiors are very charming with mirrors on the wall and upholstered booths for seating as well as rustic metal tables. 
Staff: no complaints here, the waitress we had was super nice and helpful. 
Food: the mussels were really good and filling. The skillet with beans, bacon and eggs was very heart and also came with 2 slices of bread. The grilled cheese and tomato soup was standard. The breakfast sandwich I got was very small as pictured, and I'm racking my brain to remember what it was as it was a year ago and I can't find the older menu.Gosh- we had really been looking forward to trying this spot.  Sadly disappointed.  The food itself was good but overpriced. We ordered a potato dumpling appetizer and it came out literally thirty seconds before our main course.  Our waiter never described any of the entrees to us and seemed either uninterested or aloof. We had water dripping on us from the air conditioning vent and I was surprised that they were not more concerned about it or even offer a comp dessert.  With all of the other fabulous restaurants around Fitler Dining Room, we feel no need to return. It was fine but certainly not what I had been expecting.Fitler Dining Room + Restaurant week was pure magic. 
The beauty of the small dining room is that even full, it still feels very intimate. The open kitchen concept fascinates me and I frequently find myself just stopping to watch the chefs.
Beet Salad + Braised Flank Steak were incredible. The meat and braising liquid had this incredibly rich taste.  The Devils Food cake was also delicious and reminiscent of something you ate as a child but 10x better.Awesome place. This is my second time here and it didn't disappoint. Menu great. Wine list, awesome. Overall, I will highly recommend FDR.Fitler Dining Room doesn't miss a beat. My partner and I had an absolutely delicious meal here. The wine recommendations were knowledgable and friendly, the design and preparation of the dishes were impeccable. There were no bad---or even underwhelming---bites. Portions were nicely sized. Fantastic food with a good wine list at a reasonable price---in an overpriced neighborhood.
From our visit, the super memorable items were: blood cake with scallops, gnocchi, duck, and the dessert wines.
The staff were beyond generous with their friendliness and sweetness, recognizing that we were out to celebrate and treating us so so well. Mind you, without cloying sweetness, superciliousness, overbearingly instrusive check-ins, fulsome hosting, or fussily stilted formality.
If you want a memorable night out---for the food, for the ambiance, to fall quietly into the company of your table---go here.Had dinner here with my fiancée last week and absolutely loved it. We sat outside and enjoyed the beautiful fall weather. The service was friendly and super attentive and the food was delicious.
Fiancée ordered the poached oyster and a veal cheek pappardelle special which was amazing. I got the frisée salad and the pork three ways - sausage, pork belly, and braised shoulder. Really liked the pork belly.
I was surprised by the comments/ reviews about the small portion sizes because I was super stuffed and didn't have room for dessert.
Looking forward to coming back.My boyfriend and I eat here often and always feel like we're being rewarded for coming back! The menu is creative, fun and well executed, and the atmosphere and staff are laid back but serious about food, drink and service.We went the second night it opened and it was great. The service was totally lovely and the restaurant is beautiful. The music was great, and the food was fantastic. Had the beef tartar, the beet salad, and the skate wing. Oh, and some awesome carrot cake for dessert. As for this person who tried to bring a toddler there, yes the restaurant should have thought it out, but if you didn't go to a restaurant, then you shouldn't write a review. And I am happy not to have a toddler in a 32 seat restaurant personally. Another reason to go back!We had an excellent time here during Restaurant Week. The service was extremely kind and prompt, and the food was delicious. I wasn't a fan of the monkfish dish, but the salad with soft egg and smoky bacon was spot on. The desserts (apple fritter and chocolate cake) didn't sound too special, but they were very well executed. 
BYOB on Sunday was a pleasant surprise, and we were glad they mentioned it to us when confirming our reservation, otherwise we wouldn't have known and would have been upset showing up without anything and knowing we could have. 
In general, I felt that there wasn't anything in particularly different that jumped out at me here, but the excellent service, well-executed dishes, and cozy decor together made this a special meal.I've been wanting to check out Fitler Dining Room for a while now and it was my first choice for restaurant week. I never realized how small of a space it is. It made for a nice cozy/comfortable setting, without feeling crowded. 
Restaurant week at some places can be hit or miss. It was definitely a hit here and left a great first impression. The menu was a little different than the one I had seen online. First course: clams for me and smashed cucumber salad for him. The clams were a good sized portion and served with little meatballs and bread. Second course: duck breast and the pork chop. While I really liked both dishes, the duck was my favorite. I didn't see the pork chop on the regular online menu so maybe it's just a special. For dessert, we both had the chocolate and peanut butter parfait. Everything was delicious.Not quite 5 stars, but very very close.  Out of the three restaurants (formerly Melograno's first digs, and then Meme) I have frequented over the years at this location, this is my favorite.
Atmosphere, coziness, tables by the walls of windows, open kitchen, clean, attractive crowd, professional servers, they've got it all.  And add to it the food, creative and wonderful.
Appetizers: Barnegat Light scallops (the menu has it plural but only a singular was served, I am sure that is a culinary school thing) with black pudding, celery root puree, pear & celeriac remoulade.  If you don't know what Black Pudding is, as I didn't, look it up ;-)  This was fabulous, as was my choice of the soup of the day, a butternut squash and bosc pear, silky smooth, a nice fruity tang, rich full flavor without being heavy.  This was not your boring, everyday butternut squash soup I will tell you that.
My friend and I split a pasta as we couldn't keep the description on the menu from tempting our tongues.  This had to be one of the most flavor-rounded pasta dishes I've had in the city.  Saffron spaghetti alla Chitarra with peekytoe crab, trout roe, sea urchin butter, that's all you need to know.  Heavenly!
Entrees: Two fish dishes to delight you with taste, texture and appropriate accompaniments. That was the line caught New Jersey Fluke and the Rhode Island Skate.    On a menu with only 5 entrees listed, including these two fish choices, there was no chance of hiding, and these entrees did not, they stood out.  Fantastic.
Dessert: The Bergamot pots de creme was a perfect split, not real sweet, just perfect.  
This is one of my favorites, a good foodie destination, a tots pleasant experience.Really great atmosphere. Sitting in front of the kitchen is a fun experience. Chef and the others are very friendly and productive. Food is delicious. Simple, well made. Staff is friendly and really seems to care about your experience.The first time we came here was an evening walk after dinner and we stopped for desert.  They had three options then.  We ordered two and they are nothing spectacular.  One of them is way too sweet for me and I didn't eat much. Then our waiter sent us the third dessert from the kitchen and it was so good!! 
We came back the other night and for main course had the octopus and sea bass. I didn't like either.  The octopus was salty and flavorless and sea bass lacked flavor and tasted fishy.  Maybe I don't like the smoky style this place offers and probably won't come back.When one of the best restaurant groups in Philadelphia owns a bar and a restaurant within one block of your apartment, I would say you've hit gold.  Pub and Kitchen and Fitler Dining Room are two amazing establishments that both have totally different dining experiences, each great in their own way.  My landlord (and friend) wanted to treat my roommate and I to a Holiday Dinner and asked us to pick a chart topping restaurant in Fitler Square / Rittenhouse that has delicious food, romantic ambiance and would be quiet enough to chat and catch up. Fitler Dining Room was the answer. 
We strolled in Wednesday night around 9PM with a few other tables of patrons and were immediately seated at a four top by the open air kitchen.  The hospitality from our waiter Drew was impeccable- he could tell that we were catching up and looking over the menu wasn't the priority at the moment, so he gave us the menu highlights and intricately described 4 dishes that we HAD to order.  
We started with the fried pimento cheese fritters which were lightly fried balls of pimento with a sweet and delectable jam on top, which complimented the cheese quite well.  Next came the Parisienne Gnocchi which was definitely my favorite dish- pillowy and delicate gnocchi over sunchoke puree with perfectly sautéed oyster mushrooms, cauliflower and onions.  A must! To keep things balanced and healthy we also started with the field green salad with cauliflower, shaved carrot, brioche croutons and a squash vinaigrette- a perfect autumn salad.  It's hard to imagine that the rest of the meal could top the starters but they definitely lived up to my expectations.  
My roommate and I both ordered the Hudson valley duck leg confit which was a very winter appropriate dish with braised white beans and pork belly. The duck breast was lightly yet perfectly fried and beyond flavorful.  Definitely one of the most underrated dishes on the menu- we both cleared our plates without a bite to spare.  Lee (our landlord) ordered the artic char with toasted faro, fennel with a roasted beet vinaigrette.  He RAVED about his dish and ate every bite within 5 minutes.  Drew surprised us and brought out the roasted Brussel sprouts with pork belly and cranberries topped with cheddar cheese- definitely a side that you MUST order! Absolutely amazing! 
Since we were chatting for a while and didn't inquire about dessert, Drew surprised us yet again with an amazing homemade delicacy- a candy bar made with milk chocolate and speculous cookie butter accompanied with graham crackers and marshmallows- the perfect sweet ending and big enough for three to share! 
As we were walking back to our apartment we all raved about the inventive and absolutely delicious meal we just had at FDR and the attentive, refined and terrific hospitality /service that we had just experienced. We will all definitely be back for another dinner, brunch or lunch in the near future and am grateful to have an amazing restaurant just around the corner!We had a fabulous experience for an early mother's day dinner. My sister and I shared a bottle of sparkling rosé & our mom had the lavender's blue cocktail made with house-made lavender vodka. Mom was loving it. 
We were started with bread and house-made butter. The butter was delicious, you could tell it was freshly whipped and had unique flavor. 
Apps, we had onion dip (simple but good house-made - are you sensing a theme? - chips and dip), brussel sprouts, and mussels that were so good my 12 year old son requested a second order. 
Entrees, we had Shrimp on grits (best grits of my life), Octopus, Cod was fish of the day, and the pork belly. All our meals were very good and we all left satisfied and happy. 
I want to note there was a screaming, screeching, RUNNING! child that came in right after us. We felt for the staff and they did a fantastic job not rushing but moving that table along. As I said above I had my 12 yr old with me and there was a young child at another table. Its a family friendly little place and they handled the situation as best they could.Good service, beautiful space, but inconsistent food. 
None of my critiques are very serious, but I have several. And for the price, seeing these things compound really lowered my experience. 
My husband had a bit of paper in his soup, we think from the smoked meat they cut into it. The soup itself was excellent.
I had a very nice roast beet appetizer with onion rings. 
I also ordered crab stuffed skate wing. The presentation was poor. Just a dry ball of skate, with a salad next to it. It wasn't very good. 
My husband's beef cheek was tender. I enjoyed it very much, but it was a bit over sauced. Some of the carrots were under cooked.
The service was very attentive. They brought us an amuse bouche and a small bit of chocolate dessert with the check. 
Overall, I enjoyed my food, but I probably won't go again.Ok I love this place. I know I am hitting some great places here. They cannot all be great. This is a local place for me and I love sitting at the kitchen counter. It is best when it is slow because you get to chat up the chefs but the service is always spot on and the food great. I have to say I was watching the brunch part and I was to really blown away by the look of it so I went of the beets and broccoli gratin. I love both. I have had the chicken and short ribs which I also was really impressed with. My apt my have a lot to be desired but my local restaurant does not. Keep up the great work!Thank you. Sunday brunch has been transformed in Philadelphia with this amazing food and staff. -Bella, Whitney, and Michael were warm and attentive--thanks for taking such good care of us and always making the Fitler dining room a fun, delicious, vibrant, welcoming place. We will always come here. 
Must brunch haves- Brussels sprouts, FDR breakfast, and FRIED CHICKEN and WAFFLES.Delicious!  We ventured here after the wait for a table at Pub and Kitchen was a little too long.  We ordered dishes of fish, chicken and sausage along with a small cheese plate appetizer.  Everyone was very happy with their orders!  The dishes appeared on the small side, but the flavors were very well developed and the entrees were filling.  The cheese tray had one out of three that was somewhat funky, but all in all, the arrangement with peaches, jams and crostini was very nice.  The ambiance was beautiful and the only negatives here from my very picky family was that the outdoor table was not leveled, the chairs were not so sturdy, and the surface of the table was very rough.  Also, I would say that the price point on the wine by the glass was a little bit high as I have ordered the same wine at other establishments for a few dollars less.  I thought that the service was very good and knowledgeable here.  It is a bit of a wait, but you can understand this when you see the level of detail that goes into their dishes.  While the menu is limited, the plus is that it is ever-changing and for my family to find something to satisfy everyone at the table, is pretty impressive for any restaurant!Stop in here with my husband for brunch. Did not disappoint! From the cocktails to our burgers the menu was delicious. 
I would say the service was non-existent. Our waiter only checked on us once but was quick to drop the bill when we asked.My boyfriend and I dined here for restaurant week. Every plate that was put in front of us was wiped clean, by a really crusty bread, so we didn't miss a crumb. The crab salad was just a so light and delicious. The short ribs were so tender and flavorful they left you wanting more. I especially loved the texture of the gnocchi...mmmm...Service was great and atmosphere was warm and welcoming. We loved how you could see the chefs from the dining room.Excellent food and service. A great place to catch an upscale meal in a neighborhood location.FDR has some of best and most thoughtfully prepared food in center city in any price category.  The good thing about FDR is that you can eat there frequently as the prices are quite reasonable.  It is also one of the few restaurants that doesn't crowd people in and has a low noise level conducive to conversation.  But the food is the best reason to go.  My favorites include their sophisticated interpretation of oyster stew, warm vegetable salads and the short rib. The wait staff is poised, knowledgeable and not intrusive.  We eat there at least 3 times a month and are never disappointed.Left very hungry! Came in for lunch Saturday. Had the friend chicken sandwich and the $5 brunch punch. My date had the mussels with tomato. The "lunch" is far from a full meal and the food was just okay. I don't know how a tiny bowl is considered a whole lunch or why the sandwich only has one small piece of chicken and a few greens. It's not very filling. The service was quick and friendly. The restaurant is nice and clean.Went here on a work trip. It wasn't bad. I had the acorn squash dumplings for the appetizer and the duck breast for the main. Both were good, not great.
This place really shone with the deserts. I shared a lavender honey panna cotta and their version of kit kats. They were both delicious!!!My wife and I came here for Sunday brunch.  It's terrific!  The biscuits are made in house and a perfect mix of light and savory.  She had the omelette with crab, which was delicate and crabby, and I had the blood pudding, which tasted interestingly curry-esque.  Breakfast potatoes on the side weren't awesome, but thumbs up for the rest of the menu!Good, not great. For me it did not live up to the high praise that it has been getting. The grilled romaine with oysters was very good. The salmon was also good, could have been cooked a bit less. The biggest disappointment was the short rib. It was on the dry side. With hundreds of great short rib dishes all over the city this one fell short.  Also, the peach cobbler was in desperate need of ice cream. I would go back and try some other dishes. Our waiter was great.A gem of a little restaurant with creative yet simple dishes. Traveling alone, the 4-5 counter seats overlooking the kitchen work space are perfect for singles. I started with one of the sides, Brussel sprouts, rather than a starter. They were much tastier than the ones I had st another restaurant last nite. The chicken main course was simple. Perfectly prepared, juicy throughout with crispy skin. Delicious. I resisted desert. Service was gracious.Really excellent brunch food at a fairly intimate location. Service was excellent and the biscuits were quite tasty. I've also been here for dinner once and it was good too. Not really recommended for groups since it is tighter quarters but if you're in Philadelphia for any extended period of time you should probably give this place a shot.Let me start by saying that I had high expectations for this dinner.  After hearing so much buzz about Fitler Dining Room, I couldn't wait to try it out.  Perhaps my expectations were too high . . . 
Service was lacking.  I feel like I spent a good amount of time looking for a server.  Meal was sloooooww (nearly 2.5 hours and we didn't even get dessert).  Some of the food was quite good.  Most of it was mediocre at best.  Between my husband and I, we tried all four of the vegetable dishes.  Three of them were quite good.  One of them (the salad with bleu cheese dressing) was not.  I would have sent it back if I I weren't so hungry because we were already over an hour and a half into the meal when the third course arrived.  The entrees (duck and the sundried tomato and olive angilotti) were both pretty blah.  Considering the pricepoint (even setting aside the high expectations), I expect way more.  With so many better restaurants in the city, I wouldn't bother with Fitler Dining Room.My wife and I really enjoyed our dinner last night.  We were kid free and looking for a new spot. My very pregnant and soon to be birthday girl wife was craving a cheese plate and under those conditions, a cheese plate is what she gets. Per Zagats, FDR has the number 3 best cheese plate in Philly so we thought we would give it a try.  We made reservations in the last minute and were surprised to get them considering there are about 30 seats in the restaurant. 
The cheese plate did not disappoint. The server was very helpful in helping us sort through the choices and was informative throughout the meal. The main courses were also great. I had the fried chicken appetizer, which was seriously the best chicken I've had in a long time. So many flavors all blending together. I also got the beet and apple salad which was good though not particularly memorable. My wife got the pasta with crabmeat. Also, very good.The main plates are on the smaller side, so you may want to share an appetizer with your party, as our waiter suggested. My husband and I split the brussel sprouts in addition to our entrees and absolutely loved them. We enjoyed chatting with our waiter and hearing his recommendations. They were all totally on point. Great service, definitely recommend!Overpriced, small and boring. 
Me, my wife and another couple joined Fitler Dining Room last night for dinner and I wish we had gone to Vernick, Will byo or Serpico. Nothing left a poor tasted in my mouth, but I wouldn't order any of the ten dishes again. I challenge you to spend $300 in Philadelphia for a table of four and walk away without tasting one memorable plate. The most infuriating part of the evening was getting home and watching my wife eat two slices of pizza while I ate three. 
Why two stars and not just one? The waitstaff was excellent.When I called to confirm the reservation they answered with "FDR," which got me thinking of fireside chats and public works projects, and a presidential acronym is rather fitting in a city rich with political history.  As for the "DR," it really is just a big, square dining room, not much larger than the one my family grew up with, producing a friendly and cozy ambiance accentuated by the warmth of the staff, from the servers to the hostess who gracefully removed and stowed our coats.
The first dish that arrived was FDR's version of 2014's consummate dinner staple, the kale salad.  Here they dot the kale with razor-thin radish and equally thin crisp brioche toasts and toss with a light coating of green goddess dressing, always a favorite.  Overall this was a solid - but not spectacular, it didn't have enough pizazz for that - addition to the rapidly growing body of kale salads I've consumed this year.    
Adding to our focus on the ubiquitous and cliche, we worked our way through an interesting dish of Brussels sprouts, bathed in a sweet and autumnal maple sauce which I loved and accompanied by some braised apples.  Thin wisps of hard goat cheese half-melted on top, giving a sharp and salty finish to the dish.  As I was being consumed with my sprout-consuming, my fellow diners were bewitched by the rich and flavorful chicken liver mousse, served in a small clay pot with thin slices of bread.  Alas, I can only take their word for it.    
Our entrees were hit and miss.  The roasted chicken with roasted, lemon-infused broccoli was magnificent.  A smear of Caesar dressing on the bottom of the plate worked some serious magic, and although I was skeptical of it's role in this dish, I concluded it likely the most auspicious use of Caesar dressing imaginable beyond the very rare table-side masterpieces that are too uncommon these days.  
Our cod was hearty, comforting, and extremely well-executed, it just didn't have any wow factor given the homogeneity of the flavors (or, as someone at the table suggested, the lack of flavor for which cod is known).   I appreciated the quartet of mussels resting atop the fish and a very pleasant fennel-potato chowder underneath, although I found myself pining for a greater share of the chicken. 
The final dish was a spaghetti fra diavolo.  The pasta was perfectly fresh and al dente, but the jumbo lump crab meat lacked the subtle sweetness and rich meaty texture for which lump crab is known.  The tomato sauce also lacked subtlety - the only thing I tasted was toasted chilis.  
We launched ourselves out into the night with a delectably rich, warm, and gooey chocolate cake.  It managed to take a little bit of the chill off the night.Great restaurant in a quaint setting. French-inspired American bistro.
Duck and Steak dishes were great for entrees. Spaghetti alla Chitarra and the marinated beets are both good for appetizers. 
Full bar and happy hour deals.Tiny portions meant that we left this place still hungry. The $12 salad was dismal and only filled about a third of the plate - probably about 25 cents worth of lettuce. The gnocchi was tasty but again ranks as a small appetizer rather than an entree. The restaurant was empty at lunch which was no surprise after we saw our portions. When we said politely something to the owner, she looked at us in a hostile way and asked us if we wanted to order an additional dish. Which we did because we were still hungry. Never again.Warm weather calls for al fresco dining and I was able to get my first fix for the 2015 season at Fitler Dining Room. 
Amidst a long walk with my husband, our friend and two dogs, we decided it was time for a brunch break. There was a table for two available outside and they were kind enough to pull up a third chair for the third human member of our party. When another nearby table became available, they let us pull it next to ours to create a little more space for ourselves. 
The outside tables at the Fitler dining room are ideal for people and dog watching. On a nice day, you're bound to find both types of creatures making their way to and from the Schuylkill River Park and trail. 
The service was great for both the human and doggy members of our party. Unfortunately, the restaurant only has one dog bowl which was occupied by another doggy diner, but they made sure our pups had water in a glass at all times. The service was all around on top of its game. We received everything in a timely manner, were check in on at the appropriate times and had a server that truly aimed to make sure we had everything needed. Due to the Easter holiday, she had to leave a little early to be with her family. She made it a priority to explain to us where she was going and why she wouldn't be serving us through to the end. I've had servers at other establishments leave without saying a word, so I really appreciated her diligence in explaining her circumstances. 
To start, we shared the brussels sprouts and toasted fennel pretzel. The portions were small, but a nice little nibble before our mains. The toasted fennel pretzel came with a mustard cream cheese sauce. It had a nice kick to that even a non-mustard eater like me was able to enjoy it. The brussells sprouts were fresh, crisp and also prepared with bacon. What more can one want? 
Although small in size, I was particularly impressed by my omelet. The omelet of the day consisted of caramelized onion and feta. I typically get egg whites and avoid basic omelets, but I felt compelled to go with this full yolk, simple omelet. Despite its small stature, I found myself very happy with my decision. It was cooked to perfection. Fluffy, melty and cohesive. It also came with an arugula side salad that had the most refreshingly light lemon vinaigrette. 
Overall, I was very impressed by my food and experience. The Fitler Dining Room gets a 4.5 star review from me, with the potential of an upgrade to a 5 after another visit.A cozy dining experience with great service and praise-worthy food. Our server was delightful and attentive. The place had a NYC feel with it's subway tile back splash and dark wood detailing. The Kit Kat-s'more hybrid dessert was like nothing I've had before. They're doing it right at the FDR.Reading these reviews about how romantic the space is, I was  a little nervous about going to this restaurant for dinner alone. FDR is the perfect place to eat a wonderful meal solo. They sat me at the seating overlooking the chef. It was wonderful to watch them create! My server and all of the staff were attentive without feeling like they were hovering over me. And the food! It is reataurant week and I had the tuna appetizer that was amazing. The steak and root vegetables just meltes in my mouth, And the apple tart was flaky, apple, wonderfulness! It was just a wonderful meal. This was my first time at FDR, but it will certainly will not be my last.I can't say enough about the food here - wonderful place for a special occasion!I have often found that if there is a nicer-than-average and pricier-than-average restaurant that I really want to try, its best to start out with eating brunch there. Brunch is almost always significantly less expensive and easier to obtain a reservation, without any lack in food quality or service. I was very excited to be invited to a birthday brunch at FDR this morning and it was fantastic. 
The interior is beautiful (actually, so is the exterior!). I love the subway tiles, old stools, and beautiful couch seating along one wall. It was crowded when we arrived around noon today, but it really emptied out and it was nice to take some photos without a crowd. I got fresh squeezed OJ, which was amazing, and then opted for the asparagus grilled cheese with a side of homemade sausage. You can tell that everything is made from scratch and so we probably waited a little longer to get our food than the average spot, but nothing was a bother at all. My sandwich was super good, with thick cheese and a runny egg yolk. The sausage came in a cute little cast iron pan with a striped dishcloth on the plate. I'm such a sucker for details like that! 
One employee (the manager maybe?) seemed to notice the birthday card on the table and brought us all a round of Brut on the house, which was so sweet. He had strange mannerisms and made us all a little uncomfortable, but I think he meant well. For me, the decor was 10/10, but the food was just a little too rich. While I really enjoyed everything, it sat in my stomach like a rock for hours later. This place is definitely an occasion restaurant, and I hope I have an occasion to return!These guys can do no wrong.  Multiple meals at FDR, including brunch and dinner, have been top-notch.  I keep going back.
Of note is the squid-ink linguini if it's on the menu.  In fact, all of the seafod is awesome regardless of what we've ordered.  The wait staff is extremely knowledgeable and will help you pair sides and drinks if you need some help.
The ambiance is cute and classy - it's a very small space but in a good way.
Be sure to make reservations unless you're flying solo or going as a duo - in which case you may be able to squeeze in at the countertop near the kitchen which is an intimate and enjoyable experience.Very cute, trendy, almost "rustic" tiny restaurant that did not disappoint. Service was great, good drink selection, and the food was delicious. Four of us went for restaurant week and almost all of us ordered the short ribs which were fall-off-the-bone fantastic. We also argued about who ordered the better dessert. But everything was great so can't go wrong. Would love to go back.The food was very good, but not incredible. The portions are very small and priced in the upper twenties.  I just don't think the entrees are worth the price.  The wine pours were also very small, so it took a couple of pours to make it through a meal with appetizer and entree and dessert.  This also drove up the price.  
Our meal came out to a hundred per person, and all four of us were still hungry when we left.
It seems that a lot of folks really like this place, and as a regular at Meme and at Pub n Kitchen I was hoping to love it too.  Unfortunately, my experience does not warrant a return visit.It's not often that I would go out of my way to review a place. However, I have to say after a long trip on my way back from Newark via an unintended detour to Philadelphia I was more than pleasantly surprised to find Fitler Dining Room. While cozy and unassuming with small yet tasteful menu this place had a great mix of flavor, service, and taste. If I ever head back this way I am definitely hitting this small gem up again!We love FDR. First went there on for our anniversary and now it is one of our go to spots when we want to treat ourselves to a nice dinner out. Great atmosphere and service. It sounds silly but the warm bread and butter are amazing. The fish and veggie dishes are all great. Great sized portions and super delish. Def get the soft shell crab special if they have it on the menu.What we thought was going to be a delicious meal at a nicely decorated restaurant ended up being extremely underwhelming and overpriced. The menu here is very small, so we figured everything must be unique and fresh, but this was far from the case. 
We weren't that hungry so we decided to split one appetizer among three of us to begin, but this turned out to be a mistake because the $16 scallop appetizer only came with two small scallops. We would have asked for an additional scallop if we had known, or perhaps skipped appetizers all together.
Next, for our mains, we had two fish variants and the roasted chicken. Again, each portion was small and had no particular interesting flavors. Just generally bland, uninspired cuisine. 
We were read the dessert offerings, which included some sort of homemade crumpet and candy bar, but we opted out. Seriously, what kind of a dining experience ends with swallowing a candy bar? I don't know how the chefs, with such a small menu, could come up with such terrible offerings. 
Lastly, the service, while friendly and attentive, was rather interruptive. Twice our waiter stopped by our table to ask how the food was, the only problem being we hadn't even had a chance to try it yet (give us a second please!). 
Overall, very disappointed with this place. Definitely not worth spending $130 (not including tip) on 1 appetizer, 3 entrees, and 1 round of drinks (1 bottled beer, 2 glasses of wine) when everything is so mediocre.We were driving up 22nd on our way to Rembrandt's when we passed this little corner place with sidewalk seating and it looked too cute to pass up.  I'm so happy we decided to stop in.
Luckily for no reservations there was a table for two right by the street (though the chairs were foldout metal chairs that weren't all that comfortable).  The décor is very rustic chic and on a fall or winter night, I would love to sit on the inside with the subway tiled walls and open-air kitchen.  I noticed right off the bat the very limited menu, which is always a good indicator that they're confident in their dishes.  Drink menu is a nice selection of wine and beer and a homemade sangria (but surprisingly no cocktails?).
Server was super friendly and attentive and listed off additional specials for the night, which was a nice treat since the menu is so small.  The kitchen was a bit slow, however.  It took longer than expected for everything to come out and our meal time was pushing close to our 2 hour parking meter limit.
Quick rundown of what we ordered:
-Appetizers (I would suggest this since the entrees come in tiny portions): half dozen oysters on the half shell and bacon-wrapped scallops (on special that night).  Oysters were fresh and the scallops were absolutely amazing, with thick bacon almost like ham and a green pea sauce.  Very tiny, though delicious.
-Entrees:  Boyfriend got one of the specials that night- roasted quail with what looked to be a couscous or a quinoa (still haven't figured out what it was) served with al dente carrots.  Gamey, crispy, delicious.  
I opted to try the braised short rib entrée off their regular menu and I'm so glad I did.  I think it's one of the best dishes I've had in the city for 2015 so far- a nice heap of perfectly cooked, juicy short rib (usually I find it flavorless, but this was fantastic), served with some pieces of fried gnocchi (which was the most heavenly, fluffy, pillowy piece of starch I've ever had the pleasure of putting in my mouth), grilled peaches for a nice added touch of acidity, sweet corn, and covered in some amazing white buttery sauce.  My only complaint was that the sauce, which tied the whole dish together wonderfully, was super scarce, so by the end I was just left with meat and none of that good-good to dip it in.
We didn't get dessert cause our bill was already racking up pretty high (but the homemade Kit Kat candy bar sounded amazing).
Would definitely be back here if I was in the neighborhood.We went with a group of friends this past week. From the moment we walked in, we felt a great atmosphere. The waiter, Bruce, was the perfect balance of being there when we needed him and not overstaying! The food was excellent, as well as the wine. Would recommend it for friends or couples!We have passed this  restaurant a number of times and wanted to try it. We made the mistake of going as brunch was finishing, but the manager said they were still serving. We ordered beers (good) and a sangria (all ice, almost no wine). We ordered from the brunch menu. Where do I begin? Maybe the bartender was cooking. The omelette was soaked in butter, the frittata was cold and was really more of a quiche. It was a very unfortunate experience and we won't be going back. Frankly, I wish they said it was too late for brunch and been honest. That $72 we spent for 3 people will be better spent elsewhere.I went here for brunch after a hot walk around the lovely neighbourhood in which this restaurant is located. The place is nice and cool, even opposite the oven at the chef's counter where I sat. I had the French toast with fruit compote, vanilla chantilly cream and maple syrup. It was delicious. The iced coffee was good too. The staff were friendly, kind and welcoming. Service was quick. I'd love to come again and try more dishes.Despite my penchant for tiaras and long gloves, I'm not exactly known for being very fancy. Maybe it's the grad student budget, or the grad student hours, but a night out to a classy joint like FDR is a rare and delightful treat. That being said, it was also an unexpected one. So unexpected that my lady date and I hadn't made reservations. But we figured we'd wing it since I live so close I can get my home wifi in some parts of the restaurant. 
A little over an hour after we'd chimed our name in (and strolled over to Twenty Manning Grill for a beverage or two), we received a call notifying us our table would be ready in ten. Perfect timing as we sipped the last drops of our drinks and strolled back down Spruce.
As we waited for the table to be cleaned, we schmoozed with the front of house staff and chefs, each friendlier than the last. Good to know I have quality neighbors. Moments later, coats hung in the back, we were ushered to a corner table right by the window. I couldn't have chosen a better location for our first dining experience. While we weren't lucky enough to get any complimentary sparkling wine, we were treated to some other pre-dinner bits of tasty. Two tiny, savory dough puffs (I have zero idea what they were) and THEN these HEAVENLY rolls with this creamy butter topped with some sort of exotic rock salt. As our waitress said (and I agreed), "I could just sit here with this bread and butter all night." Decadent, and all this before dinner!
Since I wasn't starving and wanted to try multiple flavors, I decided to order two appetizers while my partner, a card-carrying vegetarian, went with the roasted and pickled beets and mushroom and eggplant ragu. (Her words: "deeeeeeeelish". She asked that I quote her.) My order: Butter-Poached Caraquette Oysters with brioche croutons, parsley puree, chowder of fennel + celery AND the Jerusalem Artichoke Soup with chestnut, lobster, carrot.  
Our food took no time and almost before we finished our bread and butter, we were served our first courses. The oysters were complemented beautifully by the croutons, and it was just a dreamy, rich chowder that made it hard to stop eating. And so I didn't. But then, the Cinderella story of the night, the artichoke soup. I'll lead by saying I am NOT a soup lady. No love is lost between soup and I, and we normally don't get along. Well, I feel as though I need to reevaluate everything I once held dear in my thoughts on soup. It was creamy, yet light. Flavorful, with the lobster chunks offering a delicate accent to the whole party that was going on in my mouth. 
We'd eaten slowly, savoring every bite, and found ourselves 2 of the last 4 patrons in the establishment. This allowed for a nice repartee with some more of the servers and cooks as our coats were retrieved. The absolute best part of this meal for me was knowing that I only had to take about 12 steps before falling onto my bed, blissed out on FDRs offerings. I'll dream of that soup, and sleep easy knowing it's just down the street.With a limited menu, the place is not very special. You will not get a bad meal, but the price is a bit on the high side and I feel like Phila has so many better options for the same $, albeit not in the neighborhood, so this place will probably be around for awhile.Came here and completely forgot it was restaurant week. We had to have the full three courses, and I am NOT complaining! 
The interior is pretty small and has a French bistro vibe. The service was great and the menu was very easy to choose from. They only gave a few options, all sounding delicious, which made it simple to decide. We had the tuna crudo (my favorite of this meal), the crab louie salad, the chicken over rice, and the skate wing. For dessert, a smore tart and the butterscotch crimpet. Everything was high quality, but very simple and fresh. The flavors were all straight-forward and clean - nothing was over the top.
I would definitely come back here, sit outside in the daytime, and enjoy a glass of wine with a light appetizer. See ya soon, Fitler.Had heard Fitler was good but the food exceeded my expectations.  Sat outside which was very nice.  Every dish was exceptionally prepared and presented.  
I took a friend who was just passing thru on her way to NYC.  We had a few hours between trains.  The walk from 30th St station down the Schuylkill waterfront trail to the restaurant was a great intro to Philly.  And dinner made it a perfect evening.Wow! We went here for dinner on a Sunday evening on the recommendation of friends. It was a wonderful experience. Service was excellent. Food choices and preparation made for a delicious and satisfying meal. The drinks were expertly prepared--both the usual ones (I had a martini) and the specialties offered. Each item on the menu was described in mouthwatering detail, and each dish was as good as promised. The trout I had was perfect; other diners' dishes of mushroom bolognese and hangar steak were likewise done to perfection. We will definitely be back.Delicious food selections! Start with the cheese board and a bottle of wine and savor every bite! 
I tried the Skate special and it was so amazing. My friends at the table let me try their Stripped Bass and it was also very good. The portions for the entrees are pretty large so a side is not necessary but I ordered brussels sprouts and really enjoyed them. 
The setting is so relaxing and perfect for a dinner night with friends. Our server (Craig) was very friendly and made our experience even better! He helped us make menu selections but it was not easy because everything sounded (and tasted) delicious. 
The only downfall is that there is only beer and wine served. I think a few cocktails would add to the experience but overall I really did love it and can't wait to go again soon.Really loved this spot! Service is patchy at best and downright snail paced at worst but let's leave that aside for now. Love the decor, excellent outdoor seating, great menu, super enjoyable for brunch, excellent location.... Love it!I'd go back for any meal based on my HH experience here a few weeks back .
Filter dining room is awesome because :
HH is daily - yeah that's right gtfob 
You can sit indoor or outdoors 
Oysters ( not necessary to even comment ) 
A daily "cheese special " Camembert just so happened to be in the works when I arrived and it was amazing .
Pitchers or strong summer sangria with peaches and berries ( sign me up ) 
As a table in addition to the HH food items we also tried the summer corn soup and the beans ( they were all so good)
I can't wait to check out a full on dinner and brunch .
Basically just go.