I didn't realize this place is owned by the same people that own the South Philly bagel place. I'm sorry, but I just don't like their bagels. They are chewy and not very good. I got the special with the dill sauce and lox, and it was way too salty. And this is coming from a girl who loves salt. Very little cream cheese, too. Although a nice portion of lox. I also tried bacon, egg, and cheese on an onion bagel. I got the bacon well done, and it was cooked perfectly, but overall it was just dry. I don't know if there wasn't enough cheese, or if it's because the bacon was super crispy (which I like and asked for), but it was unremarkable. The everything bagel was okay. It had everything and I could taste all of the flavors, but the texture was not ideal.We went back after our first experience there. I have to say the bagels and everything were just mediocre..I wasn't impressed with them. We were there in the morning on a Saturday and my bagel didn't feel fresh, and the cream cheese was actually not so flavorful. It wasn't horrible but it wasn't the best either. The staff was friendly to a point, they seemed kinda annoyed that they were so busy. I mean I get it, rushes suck when in the food industry but don't be so meh.I dig it.  Unfortunately I'm always on the run when passing through but one weekend I'm going to go over and get into some of the more creative items.  Best business thats been there.The bagels were really good but they use way too much cream cheese which really takes away from enjoying the bagel. I'll go back but will ask for cream cheese on the side.I'm updating these review to be sure that it's current and accurate.  It was brought to my attention that they do offer egg whites-so you can get around the whole chunks of egg yolk thing.  When the location first opened my boyfriend and I were told "no" to egg whites once and we just never asked again.  They do offer them now, so that's a plus. :)
I'm still afraid to order avocado from them so I'll probably steer clear and add avocado myself.Their nitro cold brew is probably my favorite iced coffee. Bagels are well-made and have the perfect ratio of cream cheese on a sandwich. So lucky to have this in my neighborhood.This place is pretty solid.  They have a ton of different types of bagels including a "French Toast" bagel, bagel sandwiches, and a bunch of different spreads.  I usually get the bagel sandwich with turkey bacon, egg, and cheese.  Although the bagel seems small, the sandwich weighs a ton.  I wish they did eggs over medium, or over light in the sandwiches instead of just scrambled.  The stand out here isn't a bagel, it's the chai latte..and it's amazing!  I would recommend coming here at 9:30an before on weekends so you don't have to wait in line.Hot, fresh, perfect bagels stuffed with goodness. Nitro cold brew. Service with a smile. Great chais, dirty or regular. Clean, minimal decor. Creative sammys to satisfy any craving. Groovin' tunes. Easy to park. What's not to love about South Street Bagels newest and hottest spot in the Grad Hospital area? 
This section of the city desperately needed a place like this and 5th generation bagel maker Aaron came to answer the neighborhood's prayers....
These bagels are to die for! The peppered egg is hubby's favorite bagel filler in the entire city. The whitefish salad isn't too "mayonnaise-y" which I know is a concern for many. Lox, tuna, pastrami? They've got it. They also offer trippy, tie dye rainbow bagels which are a hit with the littles too. Just get there early as they are a hot commodity. Oh, and we can't forget the birthday cake cream cheese they pile inside your "Rainbow Brite". Say what?! Awesome! 
Here, on the corner of 20th & Fitzwater you'll find all of your classic breakfast nosh done so, so very well plus a few unique gems like French Toast bagels, blueberry whole wheat, pizza bagels, BBQ salmon clubs and Nutella, banana and honey sammys, to name a few. 
Vegans, they didn't forget about you...order the veggie with hummus complete with sprouts and capers, avocado and pickles! 
Having company? Take their delicious spreads and a dozen to go! 
If you haven't been yet, you're missing out! 
Go now!Stopped here on a work trip and was blown away. I got a sundried tomato bagel with half whitefish and half cream cheese -- it was amazing. I also got a cup of Rise Nitro cold brew from a keg and it was so good. Highly recommend this spot - it was quick & the staff was friendly, too.Salt Salt Salt Bagels. That is all. Oh and that dirty chai spice drink. Closest (and freshest) bagel depot of south philly. Menu is extensive although me and my man prefer the breakfast Sammie. Service is speedy... I've seen longer lines at other bagel shops that DONT serve my salty bagels. Yum. Glad y'all opened in this neck of the Philly woods!Good product, horrible service.  Have you ever walked by Fitzwater bagel and saw a line? It's not because the bagels amazing, its because the staff inside are clueless on how to run a smooth line. 
Word of advice to the owner: Keep up the great work. The bagels are high caliber and I do want to eat here. 
However, your staff will destroy the reputation of this place. It's time to drain the swamp.Tiny bagel shop. Nothing extraordinary. They were out of the majority of the bagels when I got there so I didn't get to try the French toast bagel, which I'm sure is delicious.
I ordered a bacon, egg and cheese sandwich. The cheese wasn't fully melted, which is a huge no no for a bagel sandwhich, so you loose a full star for that. Recommendation to the owenrs- use something more than a household toaster over to heat the bagel sandwiches. 
Saving grace landing them at 3 stars is the David Rio Chai drink. It's a must try!!!Okay bagels. Nothing crazy. Staff moves slow so make sure you've got some time to spend.Great little local spot with fresh bagels and quality ingredients. They also have a Nitro Cold Brew by Rise Coffee thats really good.They have an amazing selection of bagels and always have Pork Roll!!! Enough said.....I did not have a truly terrible experience here, but this place is underwhelming coming from someone who values a good bagel shop. Bagels and staff are average and they are out of pretty much everything by 11:30 on a Saturday despite staying open till 2pm. The bagels are a bit tough, not particularly fresh (and have an icky sweetness), and it takes a long time even with a minimal number of customers...If you live within three blocks of this place, it's good enough to walk to when you're hungover. At the very least, they serve them hot, barely, with a good amount of cream cheese.Great addition to the neighborhood.  I had a bagel with whitefish and coffee.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  There's a lot more on the menu than I expected.  I'm thinking about heading back for lunch!My bagel prayers have been answered! Eggs made to order FRESH for my sausage, egg, and cheese! And RISE coffee for those days when you just can't wake up/every day of my life. Wait in line. You won't regret it. THANK YOU FITZWATER STREET BAGELS!Wonder little neighborhood joint.  Since moving to Philly I've been a number of times.  Great bagels, decent prices.  Have had the sundried tomato, plain, wheat, and everything bagels and have not been disappointed.  The sausage, egg, cheese sammy seems to fill my up till 3 pm as well!  Pretty good coffee on top of it all.Our neighborhood needed this! So happy they are finally open. Delicious bagels, friendly service and keg iced coffee!!! I'll be here a lot.They do have a small amount of indoor seating. The bagels are still fabulous, especially love the artichoke cream cheese! One thing I would say is that they tend to run out of their most popular bagels on the weekend, so get there on the early side if you have your heart set on a certain kind!A great bagel shop!  They carry gluten free bagels and we're super accommodating for me, which I appreciated so much.  I have celiac disease and am extremely sensitive to gluten.  They changed their gloves, cleaned the surface (and made the bagel on a piece of tinfoil so it never touched the cutting board), used a fresh knife, and opened a new cream cheese for me.  The GF bagels are cooked in the oven and not in the toaster.  I ordered the lox bagel and it was absolutely fantastic.  I experienced no symptoms after eating the bagel.  I will definitely come back!  Thank you!My fresh plain bagel was tie die, the music was strictly classic Disney songs walked in to "Oh, I just can't wait to be kiiiiing!", and the egg on my egg and cheese bagel was a real, genuine egg from the skillet. 
As far as bagel joints go, this place is awesome!I've tried to give this place numerous tries because I love the idea of a neighborhood bagel shop. However, they almost never get my order right (simple sandwiches from their menu with 0 modifications - I.e. Western club) or they ring it up wrong and overcharge if you aren't paying attention. And even then I'm still overcharged when I realize what I got isn't what I ordered but have already paid. I understand busy mornings and it happens but this has been a consistent issue the past 4-5 times I've visited.  Very disappointing. 
Also FYI for all you jersey people when ordering a BEC, the eggs aren't cooked on a real skillet. It isn't the same. I would stick with a simple bagel and cream cheese order .. the wide variety of flavor cream cheeses is the only reason this review has 2 stars instead of 1.I wish I could give them more stars to this new spot in our neighborhood but both onion bagel and everything bagel were so heavily salted that I could not finish them.  Also their cinnamon raisin bagel has very little raisin in it.  I love the interior and they did a nice job on the exterior of the building.  I just hope their bagels are better...Standard bagel place. Nothing is made on-site but if you get in close to when they get a batch it tastes awesomely fresh. I've never gotten their sandwiches (I make my own at home) so I can't speak to that. But I do eat these bad boys over 2-3 days and they're still good.
Get the jalapeno cheddar bagels for an awesome savory experience.The bacon egg and cheeses here are unbelievable!!! I always tell other bagel shops to make my bacon extra crispy and I still end up getting limp bacon. They are generous with their bacon and it's delicious. They've seriously ruined bacon egg and cheeses for me..I can't get them elsewhere. Long lines but that's expected with how good they are.I'm sure glad this place landed in my neighborhood especially after the last 2 boring shops in that location.  The staff are very friendly and the coffee is perfect! Not to mention the breakfast sandwiches are delicious. Every weekend the line is out the door and side good reasons. Hopefully, they will open a little earlier so I can catch a coffee on my way to work.I love that Graduate Hospital finally has a local decent bagel place!!! MY PRAYERS HAVE BEEN ANSWERED!!!  I got to come here on my weekday off a week ago and I still rave about my breakfast bagel!  I give them bonus points for using fresh eggs and they were perfectly runny over my tye dyed bagel!!! I honestly came for the hype of the tye dyed bagel having no interest in going to NYC to try and find one, and this being a few blocks from my house made it a no brainer.  Service is great, space is clean and its also a few bucks cheaper than those bougie-ier places in rittenhouse.  I kinda wish this would be convenient for the way I take to work, because I'd be here even more often.  I'll definitely be trying my best to sample everything off this menu.  Gosh I'm a sucker for good neighborhood places...welcome to Graduate Hospital Philly Bagels! PLEASE STAY FOREVERRRRRRRRRRRRLove love love Fitzwater Street Bagels! My 5 star review is based on coming here on weekday mornings - no line and you can call your order in ahead so that it's ready for pick up. You can't call ahead on weekends which has definitely stopped me from coming in because the line is always ridiculous. I feel like if they implemented a Starbucks-like approach with both walk ins and call-in/online orders, it would be more effective. I also understand that it's a small space with a small staff. Maybe expanding would be a good idea? It doesn't seem like business is going to slow down any time soon. 
I typically order the Rainbow Bright - I love super sweet breakfast over savory - it consists of a tie-dye bagel with birthday cake cream cheese. Amazing. And my boyfriend gets a porkroll egg and cheese on an everything bagel (and then ends up eating half of mine too). The bagel sandwich coulddd afford to have one extra piece of porkroll. One just doesn't do the trick. I also love the white fish and egg salad bagels on sesame, egg or pumpernickel bagels. We also go with the iced dirty chais which are delish and great for a hot summer day when you still want a drink that tastes like Christmas and has a good amount of caffeine. 
Fitzwater Bagels is definitely my go to quick and delicious weekday breakfast spot!They are totally not open till 2:30. My boyfriend and I tried to go in at 2pm and the one girl bringing cream cheese in said they were closed. So we did not get to enjoy this placeReally good bagels.  Felt almost like New York City.  The everything bagel with cream cheese is very good.  Wife liked the French toast bagel, but too sweet for me.  Excellent orange juice.Good iced coffee and bagel sandwich selection. I had the chicken salad bagel sandwich, which was very good! I would order it again.Had the Lox Special and a nitro coffee.
Lox special was good: tons of salmon, crisp onion, etc. but I don't think it was $10-good. The bagels are decently priced, but their specials are more of a 'once in a while' item.I stopped in here because I was in the neighborhood and happens to be in the mood for a bagel. I ordered two. French toast with a sweet breakfasty cream cheese, and a whole wheat everything with butter for later. When I got home (too out of the way to return) I realized they switched the spreads. So dumb. Do you like garlic and salt on your honey pecan cream cheese? Yeah, I didn't think so. Such a simple thing. Get your act together. The whole wheat was also overcooked on this particular day, so the texture was very offputting. Not coming back.I can barely write a review for this place because I went there at 11:30 on a Monday and there were about for bagels in the case. The do not bake on premise. I would not revisit.Terrible customer service, bad at following your order and stingy with their portions! If you want a bagel that's actually toasted go somewhere else! The cashier was literally looking at snap chat instead of ringing me up when there was a line out the door.Fitzwater Street Bagels is a fantastic new addition to Graduate Hospital! I went for a breakfast sandwich on their second day of being open, and it was packed - line out the door! I assume they'll get a little quicker as they're open for longer. Anyway, I ordered the breakfast Sammy with egg, cheese and bacon on an everything bagel. While I was waiting, I got to take in the huge selection of bagels, cream cheeses and toppings...any variety you could want. I went with a classic breakfast sandwich as a basic option to test it out, and it was so good!! The bagel was amazingly fresh, the bacon was crispy and the eggs were actually cooked and not microwaved like a lot of small places around the city. I can't wait to go back and try something else!Love having this place so close! Prices (anything with lox, at least) seem a little on the high end ($10+), but they are GENEROUS with the lox, and it is delicious! I had the Joaquin (jalapeno cream cheese, bacon, lox, sriracha, tomato, lettuce) on a toasted whole wheat everything bagel - enough for 2 servings, and REALLY good flavors. The BF had the lox special on a sesame bagel and also really enjoyed it. Bagels are fresh and tasty. 
Not my favorite place in the city (Knead has won my heart with their interesting & thoughtful flavor combos!), but we will be back to try other things - cheddar horseradish cream cheese & spicy artichoke cream cheese in particular!
OH - one minor ding... They serve espresso, and lattes, but there isn't an Americano on the menu and the barista didn't know what it was.My bagels were all fresh and super tasty... Finally a good bagel spot in my neighborhood!!!I got the Joaquin which was a great, unique combo: lox, BLT, cucumber with jalapeño cream cheese and siracha. I put it on a sun dried tomato bagel. The flavor combo was great. Others have had an issue with the price point of sandwiches but they definitely don't skimp on toppings! Mine was loaded with crispy bacon and cream cheese. The bagel itself was tasty but not on the level of NYC and Montreal, which is totally fine. They have a good variety of bagels and sandwiches as well as coffee options. I went at 830 on a Sunday and there was virtually no wait. Will definitely go back!I love supporting local small businesses in the graduate hospital area and am always looking for a carb fix so I was eager for this place to open up. Worth the wait.  One of the best everything bagels I've had and the fixins were all nice and fresh. Strong, flavorful coffee and friendly staff. I'll definitely be a regular.Walked in today hesitantly because I usually don't patronize establishments before a month or two in business(gives them a bit of time to work out the kinks) they seem to be really well organized, the bagel was great, baked fresh that morning, and the Nitro Iced Coffee was just what I needed to start my day. I'll be coming back...This place is the bomb. The BEC is brilliant (steamed eggs, not fried) and the bagel selection is amazing. I want to try them all (5 down). I've had the rainbow bagel (doesn't taste like food coloring, just tastes normal) with the funfetti CC, and some of the savory cream cheeses (spicy artichoke so good). Just go here and try it and brave the line. It's worth it.I'm so happy to have another bagel option in the graduate hospital area. These bagels are fresh and delicious. I love that they are open all week for breakfast and lunch. They also have some unique options like different spreads and sandwiches. Plus, they package their chicken salad and spreads so you can buy some to take home as well. I wish they had some indoor seating, but other than that I love this new spot!I wanted to love this place because bagels are one of my favorite foods. I never grow tired of a toasted bagel sandwich. The line was long when I showed up and the service moved smoothly. I ordered a half dozen bagels and, I have to say, they tasted like day olds. I could not eat them without toasting them and when I did toast them it didnt really help that much. I find it hard to believe they would be serving day olds but the only other reason I can think of is their bagels are not good. 
I will give it another try some point soon and if my experience is different I will update my review.The food and coffee is fine, but the staff could not be more miserable. I live a few doors down and have come in on different days, different times and really gave it many chances. During my last visit I just started laughing at the rudeness. I don't know if it is a terrible place to work or if the staff is particularly miserable, but I won't be going here anymore, despite wanting to support a neighborhood business.My husband and I went here this morning and were super excited to try it, because who doesn't love a good bagel and YAY for supporting local businesses. First impressions were the place looked great and the people were friendly. We did not have to wait long for our order but unfortunately we ran into some issues.
I ordered a sundried tomato bagel with garden veggie cream cheese, and my husband ordered the breakfast sammy (egg and cheese on a bagel with added sausage) on a cinnamon raisin bagel. Unfortunately, it seems like they accidentally swapped one of my bagel halves with one of his. So my bagel was half sundried tomato and half cinnamon raisin, (and same with his) which really threw off the taste of the entire thing.
Additionally my husband was surprised to see that the egg of his bagel had a runny yolk, (something he detests, and it wasn't mentioned in the description) and we actually ended up bringing it home and toasting it in our toaster oven to try to salvage it.
I'll likely stop in and try them again in a couple of months to see if things have improved, since they are just getting off the ground at this location.Love the salted bagel this place rocks. The breakfast bagel is perfect and the turkey/avacado and sprouts is great for getting and sticking in your bag for a later lunch. By far a sweet place to make a stop, even if you have to wait in line. Staff is always sweet (except the super cranky green haired dude...but hey, what can you do...)Hands down best bagels in the area. There are bagel shops closer to me (cough, Spread, cough) that I bypass to come here. Fresh bagels, amazing cream cheese, unique menu options - basically everything you would want in a bagel shop. My only complaint is that it sometimes (most times) takes LONG. LONG. LOOOONG. To get your order, but clearly it hasn't kept me from coming back. Taking a star off for the honestly miserable staff - they look like they hate bagels. And no, it doesn't have anything to do with the crazy hair or piercings (I support all of that fun), it has everything to do with shitty attitude. I think there's one girl that I saw smile once. Once.A welcome addition to the neighborhood! Are these my favorite bagels in Phila, no, but they are certainly not the worst! This is the same family who owns South St bagels which has been around for a long time so they must be doing something right! I'm a creature of habit and typically get the same thing every time which is funny since the price changes depending on who rings me up (from $4 something to $6 something which is a 50% change) which is because of not having a register button for the peanut butter I order, which is listed on their menu and would take a couple minutes for them to just add into their register system. I just wonder how many times I paid 50% more for my bagel when picking up larger orders where I didn't catch it! I'm a bit of a coffee snob who brews a French press every morning but there coffee is a good substitute if I'm in a rush or in need of a 2nd cup. Service is always friendly and the place is brightly lit and is clean. I do wish they would move the condiment bar from the register to the wall or elsewhere because it causes a clusterf*ck at the register at times.Saw this place while driving a Uhaul to my new apartment and knew I had to try it! Came back the next morning with my girlfriend and it was exactly what we needed after a long weekend of moving! This place is so cute and local. The bagels are delicious and so filling. I actually had to save half of my bagel for a separate meal. ALSO the Chai is TO DIE FOR! Will definitely be back!The bagel itself is pretty solid, but the tuna melt, sadly is not. Instead of a sandwich you get basically a bagel split open with each half host to an unmanageable amount of tuna with some cheese on top of it. I basically scraped 60% of the tuna salad off to get the ratio to a reasonable state. Make it a closed face sandwich, make it in a press or something?Got a sausage, egg, & cheese on a bagel. Give the sandwich a 6.6/10 which is low for a $6.50 breakfast sandwich. It's a very small shop that gets crowded on the weekends. No air conditioner. I had to wait 20 minutes for my sandwich and was drenched in sweat by the time I got it. The line was not run efficiently. Numerous people that were behind me in line and had similar orders to me got served sooner. There's also no stove so all eggs are made on a George Forman like grill thing. Not sure how the sausage patty was made.  Isn't quite the way I'm looking for my breakfast to be made or served.We've been back a few times (the Joaquin is crave-worthy!), and have a few notes: 
* Bagels are FINE, but not the best in the city. Whole wheat everything could use more seasoning. 
* Cream cheese was skimpy the last time we went - I had to add some at home. It's an expensive sandwich, PLEASE don't skimp on the cream cheese! 
* I REALLY wish they had bags that were (a) larger and (b) had a handle. Fitting two overstuffed bagels in an old-school brown paper lunch bag is crazy, there's no way to hold on to it securely, let alone carry coffees in addition. We've started bringing our own bag!Yum. Finally a bagel in Philly that makes it worth consuming the calories and carbs! lox special on everything and tuna club on onion and both were delicious! Tuna could have used a little less pepper but otherwise it was perfect.I agree with many of the other customers. I live almost next door to this place and routinely come here. Bagels are great but the staff is so miserable and rude. They seem like college kids who hate their parents, hate their friends and hate serving bagels. 
We get it; it's not a highly skilled job but at least smile when I'm ordering my 8$ bagel. 
Tip: when getting iced coffee ask for half the usual amount of ice. They tend to deceptively add more ice than coffee to their drinks. Weekdays are the perfect time to come as it's not crowded. Don't get bagels after 2pm as they've started to harden in the shop.They carry a verity of bagels, all fresh and delicious. The shop also has a large verity of bagel sandwiches and coffee on tap.  The bagel sandwiches are filled to the brim with fresh ingredients, they are large, and they are filling.  This is my favorite neighborhood stop for a good, filling brunch on the go.The bagel itself was decent but definitely not a New York bagel. The best bagels are those that don't need toasting and these are borderline for that criteria. 
PROS:  Very friendly employees!
Reasonable prices
CONS: TINY containers if you get your cream cheese on the size...only an oz!
VERDICT: will return!I was really looking forward to try this new bagel shop and had heard great things so I was super excited. I went into it with high hopes and was sadly disappointed. They got my food order wrong and forgot my coffee. I was left with an untoasted bagel, without the cream cheese I asked for, and limp vegetables. They also gave my roommate the wrong bagel. I'm hoping that it's just because they're new and they'll work out their staffing kinks.The overall quality of the bagels is solid. I love their garlic bagels, especially on a sammy with egg, cheese, and sausage. Their nitro coffee is a bit pricey but good for a quick burst of caffeine ($4 for 10oz).
Not a fan of the sea salt bagels. My god these are ridiculously salty. Even for a person that was raised on MSG, a bite was like a cube of salt. Aside from this, the rest of the flavors are pretty great: crunchy outside, soft inside. 
They take credit card. In reading through the past reviews, the service has apparently been modified extensively. I've gone here during peak breakfast times on a weekend and only waited 5-10 minutes max.Okay bagels. Nothing crazy. If the staff moved any slower they would be in reverse. They also forgot egg on an egg and cheese, which was impressive.I can't give them a perfect 5 because they open too late during the week for me! Great bagels unique cream cheeses always fresh never disappointed!Awesome bagel! I got the whole wheat everything bagel with pork roll, egg, and cheese. The egg part was ok, tasted instant like Dunkin Donuts, but I will definitely be back for a bagel with cream cheese!I went to check out the bagel shop because I got an alert from yelp that a new shop opened up and I love bagels. I usually have a equation when I rate a restaurant quality+quantity/ cost and I must say the sandwiches here are worth every penny. The western was so good I wanted to drive back to get a second. Now I want to try every one.We absolutely love this place- go here all the time and the bagels are awesome. 4 stars because the employees all look like they were just told the worst news of their lives- kind of makes the place a little depressing feeling. Also coffee is way overpriced (I say guiltily as I almost always get one) overall really happy this place is here. Just need to give the employees some sugar or maybe a raise ;)Great local place to pick up bagels! I live around the corner and come here all the time. Great selection and friendly staff. I'd recommend the Western Club sandwich, it's delicious! They also have nitro brew coffee which is a little on the expensive side but is great for a little extra caffeine jolt.Tastiest bagels in Philly, hands down.
Quality of ingredients is good, price is not too bad, and they serve tasty coffee, too.These bagels are so delicious! I had the Lox Special which was so filling I kept half for the next morning. The chai tea is some of the best I've had - highly recommend. Cute neighborhood bagel place :)so upset i didnt make it on time to get a rainbow bagel!!! they ran out when we got there :(! but the birthday cake cream cheese is so good! I got a bluberry bagel instead and got bluberry spread and bacon and egg w cheese! my boyfriend got a bluberry bagel with the birthday cake cream cheese! needless to say we dont regret a single bite! so soft like i like my bagels!! every bite was to die for! we will deffinitely be back to try the rainbow bagels too!I like this place's bagels but the staff who works there is so unpleasant it makes me lose my appetite.
I understand making bagels for a living sucks but please....just do your job..I understand the staff is way too dam cool/hip to be making bagels but really...it's not that bad.Great bagels, great sandwiches and awesome coffee options. Yeah, it takes a bit of time to make the sandwiches but they're all fresh and the eggs and meats aren't nuked. Nitro coffee ftwThe line was out the door! Delicious bagels & sandwiches; we had the Jaquin and it was fantastic. Iced coffee was perfect on a hot morning. The hours are perfect too. We're very happy that this place had landed in our neighborhood!In line with every other bagel shop in the immediate Philadelphia area.
Maybe it's the water (no, not WOOdER)...but very rarely will any bagel stand up to anyone standards in the event that they have had a New York bagel. 
The owners of this group of shops offers over priced, limited, mediocre options. 
The bagels even when bought fresh are like hard rolls. There isn't that bite that would be a part of traditional bagels. I asked a person behind the counter if they knew f the bagels were boiled (the traditional way bagels are made when you want them to be delicious)- and they looked at me like I was crazy. 
Alrighty then. Hard pass. I'd rather just have oatmeal at home than wait in line for anything at this shop.I went to check out the bagel shop because I got an alert from yelp that a new shop opened up and I love bagels. I usually have a equation have I rate a restaurant quality+quantity/ cost and I must say the sandwiches here are worth every penny. The western was so good I wanted to drive back to get a second.This place is the worst. Eaten here a bunch of times, but will avoid it from now on. You shouldn't have to wait 30 minutes to get a toasted bagel with cream cheese. When you do finally get your bagel it tastes like they pulled it out of a dumpster from the back and then slapped an entire container of cream cheese on there to mask how much it sucks. I'm never one to write reviews, certainly not bad ones but this place is such a waste of time and money that I felt compelled.I'm very picky with my bagels having grown up in NJ/NYC, and I was always really upset with how horrible bagels taste in Philly. However fitwater st bagels are almost as good as the bagels and cream cheese I grew up with! They have a nice variety of bagels available, their cream cheese is fresh, coffee is great, and customer service is top notch!OK, I'm sold on this place. My bagels were super tasty, well seasoned, and had a great texture. I got a pizza bagel (on an onion bagel) and the rainbow brite (tie dye bagel with birthday cake flavored cream cheese). The pizza bagel was delicious-- perfectly crisp, not too greasy, and flavorful tomato sauce. The rainbow brite bagel was really silly and fun. The birthday cake cream cheese tastes just like that rainbow chip frosting!! So, it was really sweet, maybe too sweet, but just too colorful and interesting to pass up if you want to try something unique. 
The service was very prompt and helpful, but I was lucky enough to come when there was no line (a Tuesday at noon). I'll have to come back for a breakfast bagel sometime!Great addition to the neighborhood!
I really love having this place here. I've only stopped by a few times since it opened, but I plan on eating here regularly. It's super convenient for me as it's a few blocks away and right on my walk to work, but it's also just really good. Tons of options for breakfast and lunch bagel sandwiches. Everytime I've gone in here it's been packed, but they take your order right away and are very attentive. It's never taken more than 10 minutes from the time I walk in to the time I walk out. 
The last few places at this location haven't lasted long, but I hope this sticks around for a while!First time here, hubby got the breakfast Sammy - -egg bacon and cheese on an egg bagel and for myself the cinnamon raisin w cc. Bagels were delicious and I will def be returning! Ps, get there early, line was put the door.