Quaint country vibe and decor.
What we chose:
Bourbon French Toast
Eggs
Side Salad
Bacon ( Turkey &  Pork)
Cortado
The Bourbon French Toast was intense!  To give you an idea; its more like country fried cake! Lol. Good! But definitely to share unless you are 365 SweetTooth kind of person.
Everything else was basic and gooD. The Cortado was perfectly made.Fantastic food and great for kids! The cornbread is good, and so is the fried chicken platter.  Planning on coming back.As a recently transplanted southerner, I can say that the fried chicken has my complete stamp of approval.  I'd eat the s**t out of that stuff.  French toast (which is basically extra butter fried pound cake) was unlike I've had, but still managed to remind me of home- approachable, friendly, probably has diabetes.Stopped by yesterday for lunch with a friend and we were blown away. Nice sidewalk setup and atmosphere out front, but the menu is what really drew us in. 
Dre took great care of us from start to finish. Excellent service and extremely courteous. 
So the important part...the food. 
Started with the poutine which was awesome. Talk about flavor! The red eye gravy was amazing and the beef was super tender. 
I ordered the fried catfish special and boy did it not disappoint. $15, huge portion of friend catfish, drizzled in a honey sauce with grits and strawberry collard greens. Talk about a home run dish. The coating on the fish was out of this world. The strawberry collards were so flavorful and unique. Hands down one of the best meals I've had in awhile. 
My friend ordered the Nashville hot chicken sandwich on special. We were blown away by the size of the sandwich! The portions do not disappoint. High quality food and overwhelming portion sizes for the reasonable price point. He said the sandwich was fantastic. Great flavor, great crunch, and just the right amount of heat. 
I'll definitely be back and I highly recommend you try Flannel.This place is so good I thought I passed out and woke up in Nashville. We are so fortunate to have an amazing restaurant like this in our backyard with great southern food, reasonable prices, and a super friendly staff. We ate at the little bar and it was a wonderful experience. I had the pig in the blanket with fries. The sandwich was to die for and my wife  who snuck away with some of my fries said they were the best she's ever had. She got the truffle egg toast and a tea  and loved it. The ambiance was warm and inviting and we will soon be regulars. We'll be bask soon to try the rest of the menu.Food: 4 out of 5
Ordered the beef poutine (appetizer), chicken & waffles (main), and the bread pudding (dessert). The poutine was fine, found the sauce that the beef was in to be more salty than expected. Otherwise the fries and cheese were good. Chicken and waffles were par. Chicken was tasty paired with the Belgian waffle. I didn't find it to be amazing though, batter didn't stick to the chicken & was fried a little too long. Bread pudding was amazing! Nicely balanced, not too sweet with fresh whip cream. I tried my partner's mac and cheese slices and that was fantastic, reminded me of how my uncle would make it.
Service: 4 out of 5
A little slow, but no major complaints.
Environment: 4 out of 5
Country restaurant feel. We ate at the communal style bar hightop table.
Overall: 4 out of 5
Came here while it was East Passyunk Restaurant week. For a three course meal for $25 they had  pretty good choices of food. I'd come back to try the Kick back and relax while you're here. It has a "slow down enjoy your time" vibe.Our experience at Flannel was wonderful from start to finish. The owner, Marc, greeted us immediately and made us feel welcome. The restaurant itself is adorable. It has a cozy, comfortable vibe. There is even a table that mimics a picnic bench with some cute dangling lights and a pretend view of the outdoors. So cute! Here is what we ordered at Flannel for dinner:
1. Mac Daddy - this loaf of mac and cheese included 3 generous slices with a crispy breadcrumb topping. Definitely a fan of this, especially if you're a comfort-food lover. The cheese was not too overwhelming, either. It was a subtle blend, but at the same time, flavorful and delicious. 
2. Country Poutine - another comfort food with tons of flavor. The fries were crisped to perfection, no soft or soggy fries. The short rib was also quite flavorful and tender. You could cut into it with just a fork. 
3. Flannel Burger - if you're hungry, this is the burger for you. Our burger came with TWO patties, cooked to perfection. The toasted brioche bun was extraordinary, it definitely made the burger. It was crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. We also added avocado and a fried egg on top. The avocado was perfectly ripe, and they were quite generous with the serving of it. 
4. Mississippi Mud Pie - we are both not chocolate lovers, but this pie changed the game completely. This three-layer pie was so moist, decadent and delicious. The large serving of whipped cream gave it the perfect balance. The pie was also sitting on top of some type of caramel/maple drizzle that added a nice kick to the chocolate flavoring. This pie was to die for!! 
We definitely want to come back to try the pound cake french toast. Overall, this restaurant was a hit in every aspect. The ambience, the service and the food. Would absolutely recommend if you're looking for some delicious Southern-style, comfort food. Flannel is a popular brunch spot, and we can see why. Breakfast for dinner is also a favorite of ours, so we would come back for any meal. 
- @Coupleatss on InstagramStopped in for lunch with my husband and in-laws. Amazing food, excellent service, and great atmosphere! Strongly suggest the Flannel Benny. We will definitely be returning!Great spot in East Passyunk if you're looking for an indulgent brunch and not counting calories. We came here soon after they opened last year and loved the atmosphere inside. We ordered the fried chicken and the burger. The fried chicken was crispy but moist on the inside. The burger was sloppy and delicious. I also love places that put pickled onions on their burgers. 
We recently returned with Covid-19 safety precautions put in place. They added outdoor seating with a parklet. Most of the tables have an umbrella or are situated under their awning. The tables on the parklet were divided with plants and flowers, which created a nice atmosphere. The staff was incredibly attentive and friendly. We ordered the duck BLT and the pecan crusted wild caught catfish. The bacon on the BLT was crispy and the duck melted in your mouth. The honey-butter and crushed pecans on top of the catfish was an excellent touch. 
Overall, awesome spot. Can't wait to come back and hope they make it through this difficult time for restaurants, they deserve it.Very Good spot . Food was excellent and service was excellent . Stopped here on a whim and was not dissapointedMy little sister offered to cut my hair. So I offered to take her and her roommate to breakfast. She is Vegan so I normally let her choose the place. That way I know she won't be disappointed when there are no options on the menu for her. 
First off it's Sunday brunch and we were seated immediately. The outside area is great. I'm sure it's mostly due to COVID but I really hope the whole eating outside sticks. I know I've said this to everyone I know.... it reminds me of Europe. Everything was outside. 
They were playing country music which I consider brave being a city spot. Most people I know living in the city describe their musical taste as "every thing but country."
So first off I love the metal cups they use. I really want to purchase one. Secondly the coffee was really good. I totally forgot to ask what it was. 
Then came our meals. My sister got the seitan chicken and waffles. Her roommate got the BACT to the future(Bacon, Avocado, ? And toast) she added an egg. I got the regular chicken and waffles. My meal was excellent. I tried my sisters Seitan and that was super good. However I am glad I got regular chicken in this instance. The chicken was fried but still remained super juicy on the inside. I wish I could cook good chicken like that. I've traveled down south and they know how to fry chicken. 
I really want to go back for dinner sometime. 
If you're around here I highly suggest you check it out. I plan on going there again for dinner like I just said. Pete, repeat, Pete. The pictures of ribs on the website look delicious.Stopped in for dinner.  It was strange in there.  They sat us and then asked for proof of vaccination.  I'm all for that if a business chooses, but tell us ahead of time when we made reservations or first checked in with the hostess.  Thankfully we had proof with us.  I'd imagine many people are not prepared and surprised.  There was country music blasting.  I'm not a country fan but get it for the vibe and style they're going for.  No problem there.  Just too loud for dinner time.  We tried to scan the menu but it didn't work on any or our phones.  The server had to bring paper menus.  Then we're told you can order online and have a automatic 20% gratuity added  (we were not a large group) or we could order through a server.  What??  I ordered the fried chicken and waffles.  It was good but they serve it with fake maple syrup.  You get small packs of smuckers.  Are you kidding?  Am I at Denny's?  I asked if they had maple syrup and they did.  I'm given a small ramekin of real syrup and they charged me an extra $2 for it.  When I got the bill, it asked you to pay it online.  Again, I had to put in my info and CC# on my phone.  I thought I was paying for service.  Why am I doing the work for closing out my bill?  Decent food but a strange place for sure.  Not like the other places that line the streets.Yum! So good - must get the poutine and mocha. Service is superb! Will be back for sure.What a great find great food great service and fairly priced.
Owned by a local family give them a trySooo yummy! I ordered the Truffle Egg Toast, and it was phenomenal. Such a cozy, clean environment. Such a great addition to the neighborhood. Fast, and easy service. Their toast POS makes for an easy and quick checkout. Our server was Dre, and he was very pleasant. We'll be back!A pretty solid experience for a relatively newer business! When we were down in Passyunk recently picking up our turkey at Primal Meats, we decided to make a bit more of a trip by grabbing a bite to eat down that way since we don't spend much time in the neighborhood. And Flannel ended up hitting the spot and being a solid choice!
For a Monday around 1p I was shocked at how busy they were. Definitely one of the open - and booming - locations at this time. And despite there only being a few folks working (seemingly) service was pretty great. The burger didn't disappoint either. 
Looking forward to coming back when they have some live music. Our server shared some of the things they have going on, which made us already think about when we are going to come back! It may become a 5-star review then!We had a great experience here for dinner last night. The outdoor seating is quite nice with planters in between tables, lights and wooden deck. The service was great and the food was really good. I had the shrimp and grits and black eyed pea hummus. It's a byob which is also a plus. Definitely recommendedCountry ambiance, comfy. It was a busy morning, the waiter was very nice, friendly, efficient. Good was good. I'll come back again. 
Had the signature marbled cake french toast, it was rich. I ate one piece the rest for later.We enjoyed a delicious meal during the week while in town for the day at Flannel. The homey space has a lot of great seating options, from counter seating, tables for 2 or tables for groups and even a picnic table amidst grass walls & a Kentucky race track background.
The menu features comfort inspired food and boasts a southern vibe. We shared the MAC DADDY, 3 thick slices of mac n cheese loaf, made with cheddar, mozzarella, cheddar, cream cheese, cheddar, provolone, cheddar, & monterey jack, cheddar, burnt bread crumbs & maldon salt, Comfort food at its best. The South Of The South Avocado Toast was tasty and featured avocado mash & pico on multigrain, mixed greens, topped with an over easy egg. The B.A.C.T. To The Future bacon, avocado mash, cream cheese, & tomato on a bagel with and add on over easy egg was also a tasty dish.  We wanted to try the vegan-mushroom scrapple sometimes in house, but unfortunately on our visit it was not in the house :(  Hopefully will be in house on a future visit.
The staff was friendly, the service spot on. Definitely a spot for repeat visits.  Solid 4 stars for this homey spot with a comfort menu and a nice selection of drinks and coffee.Just walked there to get coffee showed my vaccination to the host and was asked to wear a mask inside. Where nobody or the workers were wearing a mask. What's the point of showing proof of vaccination then being the only person asked to wear a mask. When I came out I told the host hey nobody is wearing a mask a cocky server said bc they're vaccinated and he also had no qualms bumping into me while picking up my coffee. I get it's Saturday morning but where's the god damned humanity. The baristas were friendly.Despite the lil piggy on their restaurant sign, they aren't your traditional southern comfort place. They have a young, hip...dare I say, vegan/vegetarian menu. 
Ordered the BACT to the Future (bagel) vegan style. My girlfriend ordered their Ribs (we are clearly a perfect match). 
The bagel portion was satisfying and tastes good. My only complaint is their avocado spread seemed to be that pre-mixed/store bought kind. I was hoping it'd be freshly made.
My gf thought the ribs were good but ultimately so-so. 
Vibe of the place is dope! They have a little nook in the back for a cool seating/dinning experience.We were very disappointed in our experience here which was unfortunate because we are in the neighborhood and had very high hopes. We went for breakfast this morning and they seemed to be out of a lot of items. I could look past that however when the breakfast that I ordered came out there was an item that was substituted without notifying me. I have a food allergy and could not eat the substituted item. When I notified the server there was no apology. He kind of brushed it off like it wasn't a big deal. Not to mention the item that was supposed to be in the dish that was substituted was corn bread. I'm not sure how you are a southern restaurant that serves breakfast all day and you are out of corn bread before 10am.  My coffee was lukewarm and the other dishes that came out also seemed to be lukewarm. Overall not a pleasant experience and will not return.Enjoyed my experience at flannel! Got the eggs Benedict and we liked the cornbread as it soaked up the egg perfectly. Service was great too! Just a tip, the check in is no longer a valid promo for the coffee! I'll be coming back.Waited about 30 minutes for a table. Service was ok. Food was good. Chicken and waffle was good and enough to share with three people. Pork belly country poutine fries was ok, a little salted and oily. Bourbon Glazed French toast was good. Hash brown was good, my son's favorite. Ice coffee was average.I used to love going to Chhaya cafe so I was a litte upset to hear that it was changing over to something else. I am upset no longer because Flannel is even better! They have kept a few items from their previous menu like their build your own breakfast sandwich. Their delicious cafe is exactly the same but with an overall more cohesive southern vibe. I went with my dad for brunch. I had the BYO Breakfast sandwich and he had the malt flour waffles and a side of sausage which was cooked to perfection. Both our meals were perfect and the service was awesome! I will definitely be back for lunch or dinner and to see some live music.Great brunch - Southern inspired with a Philly twist! I LOVE Eggs Benedict and I LOVE pork roll and I've always been so sorely disappointed by the lack of pork roll bennies. (All ya do is replace the ham with pork roll, its a no Brainer.) Luckily Flannel has the most amazing Pork Roll Benny on their menu, on top of fresh corn bread with pimento cheese.... my heart!  Get this.
So delicious, highly recommend for a great, hearty brunch on Passyunk!I loved Flannel my one son at pancakes and found them very filling. My other son some kinda bagel with avocado he loved it. I had the chicken and waffles they were very good! Chicken was fried and seasoned very well and I enjoyed.  I also had a very good really good Latte not pictured. I will definitely return I noticed a sign that said they had dinner and I'd like to try that menu. The ambience was nice and and easy dinner feel. It was pretty busy for a Saturday morning but we waited 10 maybe 15 minutes. I'd definitely return!Flannel never misses. The food is always amazing and the service is also impeccable. We decided to bring our two out of town friends and they were dazzled. The fried chicken and waffle was two equally great things combined to create a perfect union. I was suspicious of the red snapper, but it actually came out quite amazing! They also had these lavender blueberry lemonade mimosa that tasted amazing and made for the perfect company for a great brunch.What a great find!  We just relocated from St Louis where the most genuine southern fare is a short drive away in Nashville, Memphis and Louisville.  Flannel could easily hold its own in any of these cities!  The pecan-crusted catfish was delish, as was the creamy coleslaw and to-die-for cornbread.  
Throw in a great craft beer and a little country music and you will forget you're in Philly! We will be back!!The chicken and waffle benedict was a great idea but it ultimately lacked a lot of flavor in the chicken, hollandaise sauce, and the waffle was pretty much flattened/soggy from the chicken (which was expected). The chicken wasn't dry at all but there was really little to no flavor at all in it. 
Got the house bbq ribs of the day (something like that) and for the size they give you for $20 it's a steal! They're tender, juicy, and the meat itself has a great flavor to it ALONG with the sauce being great. I took that to go for my boyfriend and even after sitting in a box for about 1-2hrs it still tastes great. Definitely worth trying this place out once but don't think I'll be back.
Our server Dre was quick with our service and really patient with us!Got takeout from here twice and wasn't disappointed. I don't dine on premises during the pandemic, but their outdoor setup definitely makes me want to stay! I feel like the sides are a tad small but everything is delicious.Had dinner here on Valentines Day with my wife. The restaurant did a great job with all the Covid requirements and everything was very clean. We ordered Butternut Squash Ravioli, BBQ Ribs platter, side of coleslaw, Mac Daddy Mac and Cheese, Biscuit and Cornbread. So, alot of food. Everything was excellent but the Biscuit was just ok (little too cold and dry).  All that only cost $54. Lots of value for great food! They are a BYO now but will start selling beer, wine and drinks in the coming months since obtaining a liquor license. Can't wait to go back.This is my first trip to Philadelphia and this is the first place my friend brought me to eat. I love the outdoor seating and our waiter Al was fast and accurate. I had the country poutine, for Someone who has never eaten it before, it was delicious!! I love the food here and the service!! Will definitely come back when I visit Philly again.Amazing Thanksgiving at home special! My fiancée and I enjoyed everything and have enough for the rest of the weekend. Also had dinner there a few months ago outside and was amazed by the food- large portions and absolutely delicious. Such a gem of a place in Philadelphia.Ordered takeout for brunch this morning for five people. We will definitely be ordering again. 
Highlights- the chicken and waffle is a must have. The fried chicken was amazing. 
One of us had eggs (which were fine), but they were served with home fries that were shredded but formed into a circle that was the fried. They were really great. 
Also had the duck blt (very very good), the BACT on a bagel (also very good). I'd also recommend getting a biscuit or cornbread as a side. I'm not even a cornbread fan and I thought it was very good. 
Overall, would recommend!!Too expensive for ice tea. Refills should be communicated as an extra charge. The owner can't see things from the customers perspective and has to combat people who spend money at his establishment. One additional side note, I am not a fan of Flannel taking up two parking spots that have meters to have more outdoor dinning. Parking is an issue in philly as it is. It is rude just like the owners responses to customers. He mentions in his review about "real bourbon syrup", I got individual packets of fake syrup. Not sure if he is on top of his business like he thinks he is.The service was great! not overbearing at all but still making sure we are well taken care of. the food came out fast but was SUPER FRESH! everything tasted so great! will be back shortly!!Their Mac Daddy was delicious as well as their pancakes. Their staff was friendly and always checked in on us to see how we were doing. I also ordered their orange juice and it tasted amazing. Overall, I liked it there. I just hope that next time I go, there won't be so many people.Came for brunch on a Monday morning. Had the avocado toast, eggs and home fries, and sides of bacon and scrapple. Very fast service and everything we had was great! Crispy home fries were our favorite. We'll definitely be coming back!Best fried chicken and waffles! The brontosaurus ribs... tender and delicious. I particularly enjoyed the home made cole slaw which balanced out the meal. The service and decor made the meal all around great! The band was fun for a friday night laid back meal!Update: updating this since the owner responded.  Appreciate the snarky response. I want to point out that I'm not trying to attack your establishment but wanted to write an honest review. We came in on 10/15/2019. When we ordered the country poutines, the choice we were given by the restaurant was for it to be on home fries or another option (I forgot what that was) . The restaurant had told us they did not prepare regular fries for the country poutines that day. If it was a bad choice to take the poutine gravy with home fries (as the owner responded), then why did the restaurant offered it to us as an option? And Like I said before- we also took fault in that because obviously should have known gravy and home fries are no good together. And I understand the short ribs come with fat, but it was literally all fat - like thick slabs of fat and barely any meat. And if it wasn't good to take out like the owner said .....if the staff had advised us of that then we prob would have listened. Another note : I just asked my BF about the bread on the flannel burger , and he said that the burger came with English muffin bread (NOT brioche bun like the owner said it should have came with ). So i was originally wrong that it came with biscuits.  Also, we did not ask for the burger to come on English muffins.. or biscuits... or any other type of bread than what it should have came with. So Thank you and have a great day.  
Original review : Three stars because the workers there are super friendly and courteous. Minus two stars for the food. We ordered the country poutine and the flannel burger to go. They were out of the regular fries so we agreed on home fries. The country fries were supposed to come with short ribs on top. When we got home, We honestly thought the place mistakenly put pork belly on top, because it was literally SLABS of thick fat on the home fries. The home fires was also greasy and soggy due to the cheese and gravy in it so it was our fault we agreed to the home fries as a replacement). We called the restaurant about the lack of short ribs and they were nice enough to get us our money back via phone. The burger wasn't all that great- it was two burgers on a dry biscuit.The food is great and the staff is cool. The fried chicken and the catfish with the Alabama white sauce is delicious. I'm not a big meat eater and they offer a hummus that is really good too. 
I was fortunate to perform at their grand opening which allowed me the free food but I would have happily paid for what I ate and I will be going back early to eat before my next gig there!
New place, great people, great food!Had a great dining experience from start to finish. Adding to my list of trusted good go-to spot!I will never step foot in this establishment. I was looking for a new brunch spot during the pandemic so ordered from here for delivery. This is the worst brunch in the city hands down. I had to request a full refund and immediately threw the breakfast in the trash. We had the Buttermilk Pancakes, Bourbon Glazed French Toast, Scrapple, O.T.'S Eggs scramble, and Side of potatoes. The problems.
There was a serious food quality issue, as in the freshness and safety of the food. The French toast tasted like old grease, it was dripping, and the cake inside tasted store bought. The pancakes had a strong sour taste as if the buttermilk was rancid. The scrapple was extremely mushy inside and finally, the egg dish was so watery we were questioning if they used powdered eggs. The potatoes were nothing to write home about. Do yourself a favor and avoid.Only been for breakfast and brunch so far, but the food is delicious and comforting. The service is great and I'm looking forward to coming back for supper soon!
Note - you should come hungry or with a friend if you're aiming for the chicken meal. Yum ;)It's definitely not bad. I had the chicken and waffles and the cornbread. The cornbread taste a lil like cake but the butter on top is amazing and makes it really good. The chicken and waffles is good but burbon syrup is really really strong. It was a bit hard to enjoy the meal with how strong it tasted so I just used my maple syrup that I already had and it's good! The chicken is also a lil on the salty side but it was still an enjoyable meal.Flannel brings Southern Hospitality to South Philly. My family and I have been on three occasions - two dinners and a brunch. The staff is quick and courteous. Dre especially has taken care of us every time we've been there in the right way - brief check-ins, fast order takes, no disturbance from the general flow of conversation at the table, check dropped right when you want it. 
Our menu favorites are the biscuits and gravy, cornbread, brontosaurus bones, fried chicken - best maybe in Philly, duck BLT, and their teas iced with the dollar elixir. The prices are reasonable. Hoping they stay open in Philly a long time.Food: 4 out of 5
Ordered the beef poutine (appetizer), chicken & waffles (main), and the bread pudding (dessert). The poutine was fine, found the sauce that the beef was in to be more salty than expected. Otherwise the fries and cheese was good. Chicken and waffles was par. Chicken was tasty paired with the Belgian waffle. I didn't find it to be amazing though, batter didn't stick to the chicken & was fried a little too long. Bread pudding was amazing! Nicely balanced, not too sweet with fresh whip cream. I tried my partner's mac and cheese slices and that was fantastic, reminded me of how my uncle would make it.
Service: 4 out of 5
A little slow, but no major complaints.
Environment: 4 out of 5
Country restaurant feel. We ate at the communal style bar hightop table.
Overall: 4 out of 5
Came here while it was East Passyunk Restaurant week. For a three course meal for $25 they had  pretty good choices of food. I'd come back to try the bbq. Kick back and relax while you're here. It has a "slow down enjoy your time" vibe.I was so happy that Flannel was open and operating with outdoor seating during my visit to Philly. Flannel was recommended to us by a local resident and we went the very next day since we heard chicken and waffles were on the menu. We sat outside, everything was spaced out and clean. Server was friendly and attentive. We got the French toast, chicken and waffles, and Mac n cheese and everything was delicious. The chicken and waffles was out of this world and I can't wait to get it again before I leave town! I would definitely recommend Flannel!We were actually going to another place in the area and were just walking by here and said, "the food looks great, we should come back here some time." Well, the other place had no seating so we came back! I'm glad we did. 
I have been craving a Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich, so I had to get it. I saw the had a Seitan option which also looked really good, I may try that next time. The sandwich was delicious, it was so good I dug in and forgot to take a picture...guess I'll have to go get it again! The homemade cole slaw and salad with the sandwich were so good. Love the strawberries in the salad and the dressing was great. Everyone else loves their food as well.
Wife had the B.L.T.A? I think it was called brother's fiance also had that, with an egg added, on an everything roll. They raved about it and were mad they hadn't thought to make something like it at home. 
My brother got the other thing I was thinking about, the duck confit sandwich, it looked great and he said it was.
The burger was two 3 oz patties, which was perfect as we split it between our two little guys. 
This place is a hidden gem and I can't wait to return and actually post some pictures next time. Sorry, but I was hungry, had the kids, and the food was GREAT!We have always stopped in Flannel for breakfast or coffee, we live nearby. Great spot. 
We decided to order Thanksgiving from them and all I can say is WOW.
Ham with bourbon glaze, turkey breast with delicious Redeye gravy, green beans and bacon, collards, cranberry relish, mashed yams, biscuits with honey butter, grits with country gravy, cornbread stuffing, mac and cheese....I am so stuffed still 24 hours after eating dinner. It was very reasonably priced and every single dish, including sauces, was out of this world. The reheating instructions were on point too. 
10/10 would do again, usually we go to my wife's Aunt's house and this food was way better, thanks Flannel!!!!The food here is incredible. They portion sizes are ridiculous. I got their fried chicken plate and ate the whole thing without shame. The chicken was crispy, tender, and left wanting more. The waffle was soft, buttery, and the syrup just put the whole meal together. Even the pickled vegetables was a hit. This is a great place if you want to take your cheat day to the next level.Absolutely delicious. Best biscuits I've ever had. I loved them so much I eMailed the owner for the recipe, and he sent it to me. Thanks Mark!! We ordered thanksgiving dinners and they were fantastic. I highly recommend ordering takeout from them!We were a party of 7 for brunch this past Sunday.  We all really enjoyed the experience.   The food was excellent!  Three of us had the Duck BLT Club and we all LOVED it!  The fried chicken and waffle which my daughter ordered and I tried was fantastic as well, 3 pieces of chicken in a really tasty coating and a waffle.  Two other members of our group had egg dishes which they enjoyed.    The service was spectacular.......very friendly server and the owner even came out and checked on us twice during our meal.What can I say
This was by far the tastiest southern style restaurant I've been to in many years.
I had the fried chicken. Which was delicious.
Not greasy very moist. Yum!!!
The homemade coleslaw was a perfect balance of taste and ingredients.
Spouse had the the Short Ribs.
They were fall off the bone tender and delicious.
The food ,BYOB and the live bands made for a perfect evening.
Highly recommended!!Wow wow wow! DELICIOUS. You have to try the chicken sandwich. I think it's the best I've ever had. My partner told his friends about it and now they're going back later this week. Bill was really reasonable for a delicious spot in the city. They have beer specials for July and August so I was able to get a Sterling Pig can for only 4 dollars. Can't recommend enough!Went to flannel for the first time for brunch this weekend. Service was a little slow but they were understandably packed for holiday weekend. Food was good, but I'm a firm believer that a side of homefries (or something) should come with a breakfast plate especially if it's 17 bucks. So a lil on the pricer side.Ordered from here on a whim and so glad I did. Prices are too high to make this a regular take out place for me but definitely a treat. The portions are great and the food is SO tasty. I had the ribs, cornbread, fries and coleslaw. It took two sittings (which frankly makes it worth the price) to finish but it was all so delicious.Very indiscriminate when you take the first look at the Flannel. But, when you talk about great modern southern cuisine this place hits the mark every time.  Whether you enjoy grits, avocado toast, or a simple yogurt parfait you will not be disappointed.  The truffle toast is a exsquisite delicate blend of a pillowy over easy egg with perfectly toasted rustic bread, beautifully sauteed mushrooms, a well dressed salad.   Pair that with a beautifully blended nut-free pesto and you feel like your eating breakfast on a veranda in the south. I'm going to do experience life again.Good food, apparently best chicken sandwich according to my husband.  
I had the catfish sandwich which was really good too! 
And best service!
We came here twice in two days!You do need your vaccination card to sit inside for flannel! I was with someone who forgot their's but luckily they was seating outside. 
The staff is super friendly but it was a little confusing how you could order on the app and be charged gratuity or you could use a waitress!
We got the mac daddy to start which is a block of fried mac & cheese! It was absolutely incredible! The build your own sandwich was good. The egg was a little over cooked but it was so cheap! The biscuit that I ordered on the side made up for it! Huge, flakey, and very warm! I even ordered one to go! 
The pig sliders were a great bite but I wasn't a fan of the pickled tomatoes. 
The shrimp and grits were creamy and well cooked. The shrimp were a great compliment. 
Over all an amazing meal! Comfort food for sure!This place is awesome. I had the brisket and the pancakes and both were phenomenal. I've not been there to dine in because of some deadly pandemic but I look forward to doing so in the future. Thanks.Food was delicious. The chef (maybe the owner?) came out to check if we enjoyed our food. The shrimp & grits had a nice flavor and the pancakes were tasty. I'd go again.I came here. I ordered the chicken platter. I ordered a biscuit. It was an emotional experience, it was not pretty, I was not proud but I was more than satisfied. This food is so good it can easily bring someone to tears. Go eat here now.Food is phenomenal. Korean BBQ Shrimp & Grits are. They have happy hour on Sunday's too. Live music  on Friday and Saturday nights. Just real great southern cuisine, with a staff to match.What a great new restaurant in a great neighborhood.  I had dinner with a couple of high school friends and we all order the fried chicken.  The waiter was friendly and  accommodating and the food was real good.  The menu was clever and I hope to take my wife next time I'm in town.We had been wanting to try Flannel for delivery brunch for a while, but ran into some issues with Uber Eats (first, we were "out of range" - we live a mile away; second, there were no drivers available?). Finally were able order this past weekend... and it was worth the wait. :) 
MacDaddy: 5. Ohmygod. This was so good. I have no idea how they managed to keep the mac-n-cheese at such a great, oozy texture while also cutting into slices. The combination of cheeses, seasoning, everything was perfect. This is a crave-worthy dish! 
Flannel Benedict: 5. This was an unusual benedict (which I'm always looking for), and it was delicious. Pork roll & pimento cheese were stellar additions. I'm usually "meh" on cornbread, and this was a little sweet, but taken together it was all great. Eggs cooked perfectly; sauce on the side! Just like you want it. :) 
My partner ordered sides for his entree: biscuit, country gravy, and hash browns. He loved the gravy, the biscuit was huge, but the real (dark horse in the running) star was the hash browns! Two patties, crispy outside and creamy inside, with some onions in there along with the perfect seasoning... the hash browns were awesome, don't overlook them! 
Will be coming back for the chicken & waffles and other dishes! (Country poutine... yum...)Great brunch spot. We live around the corner and often order takeout, it's quick and always delicious. Highly recommend the Flannel Benedict!Really nice place to study. I would recommend their fries. Super crunchy and taste just right. The matcha latte could be mixed better, I can taste some leftover matcha powder in the drink. However, the environment is really nice with couches and benches to do work in. I really recommend this place!Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! This restaurant week find knocked my socks off! The place is adorable and I was excited to dine inside! The Mac Daddy was delicious and the crust on the edges was everything you could ask for. The shrimp and grits melted in my mouth with just the right amount of spice. The pig in a blanket was flavorful and had pickled green tomatoes on top which added a nice refreshing flavor! The cornbread wasn't my favorite but the FRIED MARBLE POUND CAKE... drop everything and go get some!As Philadelphia continued to reduce their reopening phase limitations, I was still so hesitant to venture to an indoor dining scenario (even though I am fully vaccinated). On a busy Friday evening, my friend and I searched high and low for a restaurant that wasn't extremely crowded and had outdoor seating. After a 4 mile walk, and so many "let's just see if there is anything further"-s, we came upon Flannel on Passyunk Ave. We could see through the window that a live band was playing and it just refreshed our souls to hear this. By this time, sun was beginning to set, and the wind had picked up, so we asked if there was enough seating inside for us, and there was! It is on the smaller side inside, and with the band playing, I was nervous about acoustics because I can never hear in a crowded restaurant to begin with. Up comes the waiter and I can hear him loud and clear. I can hear my friend sitting across from me, and I can enjoy the music from the band, but I can't hear any other guests' convos. AMAZING!! The food is southern inspired and having lived in NOLA for a stint, I try not to expect too much from these claims in the northern states. Right of the bat, I wanted the Mac Daddy Mac'n'cheese appetizer. For my entree I was torn between a catfish po'boy and pecan crusted catfish platter. For me, this is weird bc I got so sick of eating catfish in New Orleans, I swore I would never eat it again. I'm so glad I went for it here. I got the pecan crusted catfish platter bc it came with cornbread. The BEST catfish AND cornbread I ever did eat. Perfectly salty, perfectly sweet. I have never been so utterly satisfied by a meal in my life like I was at Flannel. The entire experience was so perfect--waiter was awesome, food was delicious, music was glorious. As my friend and I walked home, we were grinning ear to ear and talking about how great it was and we can't wait to go back. 
PS. My friend had the fried chicken sandwich with fries (those good golden, crunchy, thicker fries) she also got a (gigantic) side of cornbread and agreed on how yummy it was. 
I took two slices of the Mac and cheese app home and ate it for lunch the next day. It reheated so well and was still so tasty.Decided to check out Flannel on a Friday night whim and it did not disappoint. We arrived just before happy hour ended and our very friendly waitstaff pointed us to the happy hour specials and informed us what was on tap. The happy
hour menu included pork and brisket sliders (both delicious), Brussel sprouts (pretty great!) and wings (AMAZING!), plus a great pumpkin beer and a $5 citywide. The food and waitstaff were lovely, we will definitely be back for happy hour and can't wait to try their brunch, which is sold all day!!!!!!!Chayya was dog friendly. Now only service dogs? Won't be going there anymore even for my coffee in that case. Being dog friendly on the ave was their biggest asset. This is super disappointing. Two thumbs down.
Update! Now I just won't come in because of the rude and unprofessional response from flannel. See ya never!Quick 35 minute delivery on a Sunday morning! 
Flannel had an impressive brunch menu for delivery and I was craving a waffle, so I made it happen on a lazy weekend morning. 
The chicken on the waffle I got was huge, definitely enough to share with another person if you both have your own waffles. The waffle itself was pretty average-to small sized. 
Loved the biscuit it came with, super buttery and flaky and pretty large. 
Sausage was fancier than expected, but juicy and flavorful. 
The berries on the waffle were juicy and sweet, and the waffle itself had a malt-y flavor I believe, which took a second to get used it but I enjoyed!
Hash browns were like hash home fries, with peppers and onions. Tasted better cold in my opinion as leftovers. 
Overall- yum, just what I wanted.My wife and I ordered take out during the pandemic and, let me tell ya, it warmed our cold, facemasked hearts. I had the burger, which was cooked to perfection and came with this salty/sweet sauce on top? Idk. I am usually a ketchup on my burger, all day every day kind of guy, but not this time!
My wife got the brisket/sweet potato hash. It came in a patty, which was surprising. Maybe they mentioned that in the menu? Idk man. It looked great, just caught us off guard. It tasted even better! 
This was our first time going and it will not be our last. Looking forward to days when we can eat inside the restaurant, rather than on our couches watching one of the Mrs. Featherbottom episodes of Arrested Development for the 25th time.The food was excellent!  We shared the biscuits & gravy!  A must have! The brontosaurus ribs were exceptional.  Flannel benne was devoured in record time & the pigs in a blanket were yummy!  Service was pleasant & efficient.  Loved the atmosphere,  clean,  pleasant,  casual.  We will be back!From the food to the atmosphere, this place will make you feel all warm and fuzzy. The hearty breakfast food is incredible. The corn bread is the perfect blend of moist and crisp on the outside. The grits are the best I've ever had, creamy with delicious everything seasoning. The rustic country atmosphere is incredibly comfortable and homey. Definitely worth checking out!3 stars for the food, 4 for the coffee, 5 for the friendly staff!
We stopped in on a whim during a weekday. The fact that their menu caters to the all-day crowd at least gives folks another place to go for lunch in an area saturated with dinner-only spots. The menu is accessible for people of all tastes and dietary restrictions, which is probably a little surprising when you think of "cookin' country," per their tagline.
Unfortunately, I wasn't in a straight up, stick-to-your-ribs type of meal that day, so I didn't go all in on fried chicken or poutine. I kept it only moderately indulgent with the Flannel Burger, which was pretty solid. It was a little saltier than I would've preferred, though. The burger, itself, was definitely walking the tightrope between too salty and perfectly salty to start, and I think the added bacon just took it over to the "too salty" side. Had I added the fried egg, I think it would've been the perfect solution, and I would just recommend that to be safe! Add the fries (more salt), and it can leave you a little beat down, so maybe cut the glut with a side salad or something. Regardless, my wife didn't have the same experience with her Flannel Burger that was sitting across the table, so maybe I just had the misfortune a slightly heavy hand. The burger was still good, and is a perfectly-tasty greasy spoon burger at a fair price, which I wouldn't hesitate to order again. Just curious how the next one would be.
I also had a cortado from their coffee bar. They serve two Counter Culture espressos; Forty-Six, which is a darker roast, and the Hologram (I believe that was what was on bar that day) for the more medium roast. It's nice that they're trying to cater to different palettes with their offerings, but a shame they're not using any of our solid local roasters instead! Perhaps it's the nod to Counter Culture's North Carolina roots, which would make sense. Regardless, it's awesome to see some specialty coffee in a "diner" environment, and the execution was pretty good on my cortado. Perfect temperature!
Overall, the environment is chill, family-friendly, and has/will have live music some evenings, which I'm looking forward to checking out sometime. The food is good, albeit a bit inconsistent, but their positive, friendly staff has us confident that Flannel will only continue to get better! Looking forward to stopping by again!Ordered as a delivery to our hotel room through grub hub. It was here with an hour and the food was delicious. The portion sizes were huge and the machiatto was strong just how I like it.I'm from Florida and I love southern cooking. I was a little curious about this place advertising itself as southern food. I'm going to tell you this food rivals anything I've ever had in the south. The fried chicken was amazing the french fries with poutine was unbelievable. And the meal my son order Of eggs Benedict which was on corn bread was phenomenal. Absolutely have to try this place and in fact if I wasn't just a visitor and lived here I would eat there once or twice a week. On top of that the service was fantastic quite frankly done with some real southern charm.