The owner recommended the butter bar which she said would be like if cheese cake and a sugar cookie had a baby.... Yup totally amazing so are the whoopie pies and the Elvis cake... a slab of moist banana cake with chocolate chips and really amazing peanut butter frosting. (We went back the next day for another piece.). We will go back next time we are in town!Best cupcakes ever! My friend bought an assorted box of cupcakes for me for my birthday and I can honestly say I've never had cupcakes that were so good! I brought them into work and my co-workers had the same exact sentiments. I'm hooked for life! I'd recommend these cupcakes to anyone. If you don't try them, you're missing out.This is what a whoopie pie is supposed to taste like.  I tried red velvet, guiness, black raspberry, and banana.  They are all amazing.  Cream cheese filling, soft pies.  I will dream about this place.  Also there was not a huge line, so that was nice.  Inside of the Reading Market about in the middle.Expensive, but the pistachio icing alone earns it 5 stars. I recommend letting them warm up to room temperature. Their display case makes them a little too cool.
UPDATE
I was at Reading Terminal in late June and sure enough, they did not have Pistachio icing. I'm taking them down a star.
FURTHER UPDATE:
Went there July 3. Pistachio is back. One flaw though: they put these green sugar crystals on top. They take away from the pistachio flavor. Still, a strong cupcake and worthy of the $2 during a visit to Reading Terminal.
Still worth trying when in Reading TerminalI got a traditional whoopie pie and it was everything a whoopie pie should be. Dense, chocolaty,  perfect balance of sweetness. Tried a vegan chocolate chip for my little man and it was so satisfying without being greasy or heavy. Love that they don't go crazy with the sugar. Can't say the same about milk bar worse cookies I ever had.Do not attempt to pre or special order anything. I contacted this place 2 weeks before I needed some fresh pastries for an event. I sent 3 emails with no reply and called. When I called I was given the owners name and email. She also never got back to me. Bad customer service.Flying Monkey is awesome because someone there had the brilliant idea to bake a tasty pumpkin pie inside a luscious chocolate cake, a delicious apple pie inside a scrumptious vanilla cake and them layer them together with an enormous amount of sugary butter cream frosting.  Brilliant!  
When moving to Philadelphia from San Francisco, I spent a lot of time trying to convince my husband that Philadelphia offered *something* cool.  But San Francisco is pretty awesome.  And I was losing the battle.   Then, in a random internet search I landed on Flying Monkey's Pumpple Cake.  And I finally had *something* in Philadelphia that San Francisco did not offer.  And it was something awesome.  
Flying monkey is innovative but also tasty (I love the coconut cake truffles and the whoopies).  And I love the idea of the pumpple cake (even if in actuality the other stuff tastes better).Wow, this place was a disappointment. 2.25-2.50 for hard as a rock, weirdly flavored cupcakes. 
I bought the lavender, meyer lemon, guinness, peanut butter, and creme brulee. The lavender was absolutely disgusting and tasted like they threw body lotion on top of a cupcake, and sold it . The meyer lemon was extremely sugary and did not have much of a lemon taste to it. The guinness was very oddly flavored and did not taste like guinness at all. The peanut butter was very very rich and way too peanut buttery. All you tasted was the frosting. The creme brulee tasted a little bit like french toast, and was the only cupcake that I would even consider eating if it was the last cupcake available on earth. 
The icing on all of the cupcakes was hard as a rock, and the presentation of the cupcakes made them look like they were iced by my 5 year old cousin. Nasty all around.My friend got the vanilla cupcake and I got the Iced Tea. 
Overall, service was great and fast and the Iced Tea is sooooo good! I added sugar to it and it was better!!
One request would be have sweetened ice tea on the menu!! 
I will be back and recommend this place to other people.vegan cupcake was tasty & I noticed a vegan chocolate chip cookies.  more vegan options (like, at least one more cupcake & a whoopie pie) would get them more stars :)Whoopie pie, any flavor. Red velvet was my favorite and as many others said, a free truffle with a Yelp check in! The whoopie pies are cakey and the filling is rich and dense. They also have a pie baked into a cake!? I don't remember what the name was but you'll see the ad for it at the register, someone let me know how it is!Not worth the money! We spent $11 for 5 cupcakes. We got the lavender,peanut butter,Guinness, Creme Brulee, and Mayer Lemon. The 2 we did not care for at all was the Guinness, and the Lavender. The lavender tasted like someones hand lotion. Guinness was very odd, and really it didn't taste like guinness at all. The icing on all these cupcakes was HARD!!! Overall I would NOT be coming back here ever again. I'd go to Philly Cupcake and rather spend more money on better cupcakes there!Ugggghhh!! Frosting was DISGUSTING!! Tasted like raw shortening without sugar. I see most bakeries are doing this which is a disappointment. I took one bite and and bounced it off the trashcan.Wasted our time an money and had to look at a man with a crusty handle bar mustache tell us he could microwave our ice cold cupcake to make it more palatable. Please learn how to use sugar!!I haven't had the cupcakes, because every time I come, I head straight for the brownies.  My favorite is the Nutty Boozer, where the hazelnut, Glenlivit and chocolate are well balanced and rich.  I also like the cheesecake brownie's cheesecake to brownie ratio.I will agree with previous posters that the buttercream cupcakes are overwhelmingly buttery, but the cake part is delicious.  
However, I have to give kudos to their delicious flourless peanutbutter cookies.  Very homemade looking and not too sweet.Coffee is ok. Dark strong and black but not exceptional. 
Moon pie I had was good. Got the sores  one. My wife got the standard and  it was also in the tasty zone. Went down well with the coffee.Two words: HOMEMADE MARSHMALLOW.
Okay, a few more now too...dipped in chocolate. coated with oreo crumbs. 
S'MOREO!
I picked up this lovely treat during a stroll through the market on Saturday evening. The service was super friendly, the shop was adorable and evening the little monkey logo stamped on the bag made it feel pretty special.Went for the pumpple cake, but didn't realize it was seasonal, which makes perfect sense. No one is making pumpkin pie in June. So I had a slice of Elvis cake, which was a good banana chocolate cake with a bad peanut butter frosting. Not impressed. However, the saving grace was the oatmeal raisin whoopie pie. So glad I picked up one of those. It was heavenly. Would have to try more things before I could decide on if the place is a hit, but that whoopie pie made me hopeful.I absolutely love Flying Monkey's cake truffles--perfect for when you want to satisfy that sweet tooth without feeling guilty about a little sweet indulgence.  I've already tried a variety of flavors (and usually try a different one every week), but since selections change on a regular basis, I'm looking forward to my next visit!Always friendly service and their pastries are great. The buttercake is probably my favorite, followed by the woopie pies they always have.Cool bakery with very friendly owner (unlike the original owner who implored me to "fondle my brownies" but that's another story...) and happy employees. 
I really like their sugar cookies with the multicolored sprinkles on them as well as their smaller molasses cookies. 
The Flying Monkey also has excellent chocolate brownies that I buy in bulk for parties when I am cupcaked-out.
The individually sized pies that I have tried (banana cream and two different peanut butter varieties) are decent enogh. They tend to go quickly on Saturdays so if you want one, snag it on the early side. 
I have not tried their cupcakes since the change in ownership a few years back but way back when when I tried the cupcakes I was literally larded out. All I tasted icing-wise was lard (as opposed to say all sugar at the other end of the spectrum such as at Magnolia Bakery in NYC). 
I guess since the cookies and brownies are so good explains why I have not gotten around to trying the cupcakes...Probably one of the best things about Reading Terminal Market, their cupcakes are second only to my fave from Crumbs. The chocolate with the vanilla buttercream is so good! My bf had the chocolate with raspberry filling I believe and loved it as well. A must visit in Philly!I don't have much of a sweet tooth, but was totally craving banana cream pie. I just didn't get a chance to eat it fresh. We were stuffed trying to spend the afternoon eating our way through Reading Terminal Market.
The guy behind the counter was very friendly.
Next time, I'll try to save room for dessert, so I can eat it fresh.Lots of interesting treats to try, but nothing that I found to be worth a second trip for, however the variety changes and maybe I just haven't hit on that one treat they is to die for yet, but the staff is very nice and the prices are ok so I would visit again.Their butter cake is the best. Check out my full review of it here. https://goodyummyeats.wordpress.com/2014/07/15/flying-monkeys-delicious-butter-cake/The power of Flying Monkey..
I worked in a restaurant next to Reading Terminal which was insanely convenient. Their pastries were used to help heal difficult situations, like the time I was very late and pacified my manager with two of their cupcakes to the point he forgot what he was yelling about because he had icing on his lip, or the time my boyfriend calmed down after a fiasco with the Philly Parking Authority because their brownies were off the chain.Loved the red velvet w/ cookies & cream whoopie pie! It's a perfect balance and I prefer it to the original whoopie pie flavor. Kind of pricey for the size but worth a try. Nice staff and quick service.Christ on a cupcake...my life will never be the same. 
The Monkey's chocolate cupcakes are divine. Beyond divine - seriously! I am quite the cupcake connoisseur and I hear by decree that Flying Monkey makes the best cupcakes on the planet.I got an espresso and vanilla cupcake. They were very good, not too overpowering on the flavor and yes the buttercream frosting is VERY buttery but they don't overload it on the cupcake and it doesn't make your teeth hurt from too much sugar. I docked a star because the cake itself could have been a little moister.A wonderful cupcakery.  It was super easy phoning in my order only 2 days before I went to go pick them up for my husband's bday.  They got the bday message perfect too.  I had tried them a few times on previous visits to Reading Terminal, and have always walked away happy. Red velvet and black velvet iced with buttercream were so good, like roll-your-eyes-back-good.  Hubby dearest definitely appreciated it!The brownies were dry, and the cupcakes have barely any frosting on them.  I am NOT a cupcake fan but especially get peeved when I see barely any frosting on them.  Boo!
But my biggest complaint is the coffee.  There is a big sign that says coffee that attracts patrons over there, but they only have a measly tiny cup to fill - no large sizes.  So it was a crappy small serving size for $1.50+!  I did not find that acceptable.  
After sampling this place, I must say that I think you can get better desserts and larger coffee elsewhere in this establishment.This is a review solely of the pummple cake because it was the reason I went. After much deliberation, I went back to stand in line. Everything in the counter looked amazing but still decided on the cake. Apple pie portion was very good and the icing wasn't terrible. Wouldn't have even know there was pumpkin pie in it as it had no taste. Cake was very bland. Walk a few blocks and get a slice of cheesecake at the Cheesecake Factory for $8.The Chai tea vanilla cupcake and the Pistaschio vanilla were mouth-wateringly good.  The cupcake was moist and the frosting was delicious.  I will probably get these again.  However, I was not a fan of their Rose cupcake concoctions and not a fan of their chocolate cupcake.My friend got the vanilla cupcake and I got the Iced Tea. 
Overall, service was great and fast and the Iced Tea is sooooo good! I added sugar to it and it was better!!
One request would be have sweetened ice tea on the menu!! 
I will be back and recommend this place to other people.Of the numerous times that we have visited Flying Monkey we have never had any complaints. The service is always super friendly and the stuff they have is always tasty. Anything chocolate here is going to be very rich so just be prepared, the 1 exception might be the mini-chocolate cream pie which is my all-time favorite. Their whoopie pies are amazing and the cookies are killer, the brownies that I have gotten before are awesome but again rich so just know that going in. Flying Monkey is definitely an awesome part of Reading Terminal.I love this place and have been there three times already, never been dissapointed, however when I last went their cupcake selection was limited and they had creme in the middle (it didn't say that there was going to be anything in the middle), so of course that disappointed me because the one I had , had lime in the middle and wasnt the best.I'm addicted. Once a week I make it my business to head to the Flying Monkey. My father loves the coconut macaroons. I pick up brownies and Jesus the cake of the day....doesn't matter if have to get a slice. Love the Monkey.In the battle of cake versus pie - I always take pie.  Cakes are tricky.  While I really do love a good cake, it's so hard to find them.  I really cannot stand the recent cupcake trend - cupcakes rarely taste as good as they look.  Happily, though, there is the Flying Monkey.  
The Flying Monkey is the only place where the cupcake has lived up to its adorable promise of tasting as good as it looks.  I have sampled a variety of flavors over the last couple of years but cannot get past the perfection that is their vanilla cupcake with vanilla buttercream frosting.  It is a humble little cupcake that delights me each and every time.  I'm glad I don't live in Philly or I'd be at RTM every day getting fat eating these cupcakes.Lavender cupcake was small but really good with a light lavendar butter icing on top of a dense chocolate cupcake. Eric had a toffee coconut pecan blondie that was the best blondie we've ever had. We also had a regular whoopie pie on our second visit which was (again) small but the best whoopie pie I've had in recent memory. Dense moist cake with gooey icing inside...perfect! I could have eaten a half dozen more.Looking for a sweet treat to enjoy as we were leaving Philly, we decided to try a variety of cookies from Flying Monkey.   Definitely freshly made, my favorite was the Snickerdoodle.  The kids loved the Sou me Chocolate one, of course.  Prices are reasonable and in line with what other establishments charge there.Best red velvet cupcake I've ever had.  The cream cheese frosting was amazing!  My boyfriend and I split a large red velvet cupcake and had regular coffees.  What a nice treat!  The coffee was just a plain 'ole cup-o-joe, but it was very tasty.  If you're in the area...the Reading Terminal market is really neat and the Flying Monkey Patisserie is a nice place for afternoon coffee or a quick dessert.  They were also in the December 2009 Rachel Ray Magazine for their white chocolate raspberry brownies, but they were sold out when we got there, so I can't comment on those.  Will have to make another stop to try them out though!One of my favorite guilty pleasures in the Reading Terminal Market.  The cupcakes are morsels of sweet moistness with perfect flavoring, and the Whoopie Pies are a delight with an ever-changing creative array of flavor combinations.   For St. Paddy's they featured a Guinness Whoopie that tasted, indeed, like the stout of my dreams (though without the alcoholic kick). Tea and coffee are available too, and quite nicely served.  Finally, the fellow who served me had a lovely moustache, waxed and curled as you would hope a Flying Monkey Attendant should!Simply divine.  Delicious cookies. The monkey bar, with chocolate and banana, is amazing!  
Pick up a cup of coffee at Old City Coffee at the market, then head to Flying Monkey for pastries.  Settle in at a table for pure bliss.
I hear the cupcakes are good, too.  I haven't made my way through all of their offerings yet.I was having a hard time deciding which cake to order from Flying Monkey...Black Velvet, Peanut Butter Cup, Guinness or Flourless Chocolate. 
I ordered a small Black Velvet cake on Wednesday to be picked up Friday. I stopped by the Market before catching my train home. Unfortunately, there was a mix-up and the cake was never baked.  :-(
I didn't have time to wait for a new cake to be baked (there was a train to catch), but there were tons of apologies and the ladies at Flying Monkey offered me a dozen cupcakes on the house to make up for the mistake.  I took home four flavors: black velvet, espresso, peanut butter and Irish cream.  They were wonderful!
What could have been a negative situation turned out well, thanks to their quick thinking.Was in Philly for part of the day, brought back some whoopie pies from here. The oatmeal cookie was soooooo good...made better by chocolate chips thrown into the filling. Will be back for sure.Stopped by today for a sweet snack after seeing a post on Instagram about some fall inspired desserts. I tried their maple pumpkin pecan hand pie and it was delicious - Sweet but not too sweet pumpkin filling with just a hint of maple and a few crunchy pecan pieces all wrapped up inside flaky, buttery crust... Yum! I will definitely be returning to try their whoopie pies - they looked awesome!Great customer service! My brother recently moved to the area and I wanted to have a sweet something sent to him. I called Flying Monkey and Rebecca took care of making sure that he had a dozen wonderful cupcakes on his doorstep the next morning. He reports that the cupcakes are amazing!If you've been to Reading you'll know how crowded this place usually is, and not surprisingly there was a line of half a dozen. Two things drew me here: check in offer of a free cake truffle and the nutty cookies. The cake truffle was tiny but incredibly moist inside, and the chocolate coating was just right. The oatmeal raisin pecan cookie had more pecan chunks we could handle (but were glad to) but exactly what I expected: wholesome oatmeal texture + tender raisins + crunchy pecans = perfection. Staff were which and friendly, and I appreciated zero hassle when I showed the check in offer. Thank you!If your sweet tooth is acting up, flying monkey will rescue you. The stand might be a little hard to find because of how big reading market is, but IT IS there and you're in the right place hahaha. Their sweets are heavenly good and their prices are very reasonable. You dont need those fancy designs for good cupcakes. If they're good, they're good! One of the best in Philly :)What do I think of the place? Delicious. My girlfriend recommended this spot and claims that they have one of the best cupcakes she has ever tasted. Sadly I will have to come back and try one because being a peanut butter lover I opted for the m&m and peanut butter squares which were awesome. This piece of sweetness had a nice balance and wasn't packed with a fistful of sugar. It was one of the few times I actually ate a dessert and didn't hate myself. Definitely worth a try if you are in the area!Very disappointing.  I decided to cheat on the Buttercream Cupcake Lady and find someone STATIONARY.  This will NOT be my go to place for a cupcake fix - I'm SO tired of chasing that damned truck down!!!  
Anyway - if you think for one moment they're going to have every item listed on their website - think again.  It's there to let you know what they MAY have.  When I arrived they had Creme Brulee, Espresso, Flyin' Hawaiian and Mint Chocolate Chip and they were making Strawberry Fluff.  What a skimpy selection.
So...  
I ordered a Strawberry Fluff which is strawberry flavored marshmallow fluff icing and vanilla cupcake.  I chose this because it looked like they just took them out of the oven AND they were frosting them...so I figured fresh is best!!
The fluff was way too sweet and the cupcake was crunchy on top (I don't like crunchy cupcakes) and not as light and airy as I prefer.  They use WAY too much sugar.
I also ordered a Creme Brulee and a Flyin' Hawaiian - I won't be eating either of those - I'll just give them away.  
I would recommend you don't bother trying to get a decent cupcake fix here...just get a Tastycake from WaWa instead.They didn't produce any lavender cupcake when i was there but i did end up getting a fruit pebble rice crispy treat which was sweet and chewy to soften the disappointment, luckily I didn't go in there specifically for them and just so happened to come across their store while walking to get coffee inside the market place.  Still delicious!Walked by and got suckered in to their brownies. Husband wanted the cheesecake brownie which was $3.  Unfortunately, I had absolutely no cash- and their credit card limit is $5. So we were suckered in to buying a second brownie. Second choice was the triple chocolate blondie brownie.  Thankful that we ordered that one, because the cheesecake brownie was beyond disappointing!   Once the blondie came to room temperature it was better, but still nothing to write home about.  I'm positive there are some better brownies out there.  I've made them before.There was a hair in my red velvet whoopie! Grossed me out and will not be returning! Sad i didn't get to taste the famous red velvet whoopie, oh wells!I got the espresso cupcake.
I enjoyed the espresso cupcake.
I would get the espresso cupcake again.
Personal Recommendation: Espresso Cupcake.
P.S. Being a little more serious here, the cupcake is moist and soft but the frosting is disappointing as it feels a little stale.We came here fully intending to get a few whoopee pies to try out. After the special of the day was enthusiastically described to us we decided to get another route and tried their special cake. What was it? It was a blueberry compote baked into a vanilla cake and a cherry compote baked into a chocolate cake. The layers in between the chocolate/cherry and vanilla/blueberry s some sort of whipped cream.
The whipped cream was really very great, yummy yummy. But you get to the rest of it. The rest of it s really disappointing and for $9 it was really not worth it. The price twig actually shocked me because everything else they're selling is about $3-5, so I'd definitely stick with what they're famous for, their whoopie pies.After a horrendous lunch experience at Finn McCool's which left me still starving, my fiance and I found ourselves wandering around the terminal.  We found Flying Monkey on the recommendations of some friends, and got the chai cupcake, eggnog cupcake, chocolate/vanilla, and pistachio cupcake, paired with a couple of lattes.
They were delicious!  The cakes were moist, the frosting was thick but still managed to be airy, and not overwhelmingly sweet.  The pistachio was my favorite, but we devoured all of them in a span of 10 minutes.  They were closing shop, but the girl at the counter was so friendly and helpful, and took her time helping us.  BONUS - compared with Chicago bakeries, the prices were fantastic!Om nom nom.  They have awesome brownies!  I've had some of their cupcakes, but can't really remember what kind.  This clearly means the brownies are better.  My favorites are the mint chocolate and the cream cheese brownies.  It's a little pricey, but worth it for a treat once in awhile.Sweets are the best way to end a meal. So walking around Reading Market Terminal, we found the Flying Monkey, a dessert shop filled with cookies, cupcakes, cakes, and more. I knew I wanted something chocolatey, so after scanning through all the decadent sweets, I decides to try one of their chocolate Woopie Pies. Not too bad! Wish I had room to try more desserts!There was something really wrong with these cupcakes. Besides the fact they were almost frozen, the chocolate frosting was odd..I have no idea what kind of chocolate that could have been. Jeff had the raspberry frosting which was better but not by much.
I threw the rest of mine away which is saying a lot for me.Between DiNic's and Miller's Twist, the wife and I were getting pretty full. We had wandered around Reading Terminal Market taking in all of the wonders it had to offer, and were about to leave. But there was one last thing I had to do ...
WHOOPIE F'N PIE!
I hadn't had a real, honest to goodness Whoopie Pie in 15 years, when I lived in Charlottesville. An Amish family would make their way to the Downtown Mall daily and sell their homemade goods. And this is where I learned of the wonders that is Whoopie Pie.
So walking by Flying Monkey Bakery and spotting their Whoopie Pies, we made a stop here just before leaving the market. After much deliberation, I went for the traditional Whoopie Pie. It wasn't quite as good as the ones I'd bought from the Amish family in my youth. But it was REALLY close, and brought back many memories of awesomeness. 
My wife wanted to try their lemon bar. We both agreed that it was too sweet. We prefer more tartness in a lemon bar - this had hardly none.
But seriously, I don't even know why she bothered. It's all about the WHOOPIE!Their cupcakes get five stars for delicious butter cream frosting. 
The Pumple cake gets one star for being all hype.  I brought a slice to dinner with friends, and we were all disappointed. It was 75% frosting and the cake/pie portion was mostly dry.YUM! I love their cupcakes! They also make for a wonderful replacement for a birthday cake... This past Saturday, I decided to bake an Apple Cake for my partner's 30th Birthday. It got stuck in the Bundt Pan, by the time I got the cake out it was massacred and crumbled all over our dining room table... I was in a panic! Luckily I had to go to the Reading Terminal to pick up some shrimp and veggies. I ran to the counter and was so excited to get to mix and match my own dozen of cupcakes!! The service was outstanding and the cupcakes were AWESOME! Thank you Flying Monkey for saving my ass!!Maybe my expectations were too high. After living in Philly for years, I was psyched to finally try some Flying Monkey. Sadly, from the batter to the frosting to the price, these cupcakes are seriously not worth the hype. 
The cakes are dry. The frosting is way to dense and buttery. So much so that the flavors are over-shined by the butter. Even from an aesthetic standpoint, the cupcakes do not warrant the price. 
Perhaps the popularity of these cupcakes springs from the fact that they are so like homemade. These are not artisanal products.   They are something you can easily make better at home.Bought 2 of their cupcakes to try but after reading some of the reviews below, what I should have tried were the whoopie pies instead. Had the pina colada and lavender cupcakes and both were great - icing was so creamy and rich and definitely satisfied my sweet tooth. Will be back to try some of their other desserts now too!This place makes me go "meh."  I love that they have such a variety of flavors; I just don't really like the flavors.  I started eating their cupcakes at Remedy because I'm a sucker for anything lavender.  What a disappointing lavender cupcake!  You can barely taste the flavor.  The only real indication that it's lavender is that your fingers are covered in purple once you're done eating.  At least mine were, but I'm not the neatest person in town.  The underwhelming flavor seems to be a trend here.  Vanilla cupcakes are almost pointless.  The chai cupcakes are fairly good, but too subtle still.  The only thing I had here that I truly enjoyed was the lemon peel cupcake.  What a delicious combination of flavors!  Generally, the icing is way too much like flavored butter rather than flavored buttercream, and the cake is sometimes dry.  Maybe chocolate is the way to go?  I check it out when there's a flavor I see that I'm intrigued by, but Flying Monkey is not my first choice in cupcakes.Guy with long mustache was rude. Refused to wait on my 11 year old son while we were the only customers. I asked him what his problem was and he said all customers have to order at the register. Did I mention we were the only customers?I had heard quite good things about Flying Monkey, never tried it, so Went there with my Best friend & 4 cupcakes @ $9.00 later, WOw, little high for regular size cupcakes , when I can can get 0.80 a cupcake for butter-cream ones at my Famous L & M Bakery in Delran, NJ. He is connoisseur of cupcakes & cakes, he took one bite, it was like eating pure whipped butter, not enough confectioners sugar , or vanilla extract ratio was gross. He didn't eat it ..I ate mine but it was only slight hint of flavor to them. So I don't know what the customers are used to , my own butter-cream I make at home way better then theirs..it was Straight butter..not good at all!! Not going back..Ughh!! Just imagine taking unsalted butter adding little color , touch of flavor putting in your mouth.. just gross!!!!!!the whoopie pies are to die for! Heard so many good things about them I just had to try them! Line was long but it moves pretty quick.The whoopie pie was OK, far from memorable; missed the Yelp checkin special.Do you like PB&J??? I Love PB&J! 
Say it with me... PB&J!!!
But PB&J Whoopie Pie?? Who came up with that!?
I need to thank that person!!!
I only ordered one because I wasn't sure if a PB&J lover like myself could enjoy such a thing but I really should of ordered the WHOLE TRAY!!
I'm telling you..don't miss out on this my fellow PB&J lovers!!
Oh and ordering such a delightful treat from a delightful staff is a delight in itself! LolI had heard of this place, known for their Pumpple cake - the pumpkin pie, apple pie, chocolate and vanilla monstrous creation.  I had to check it out when I was in Reading Terminal Market over the weekend.  I opted for a brownie and smores bar, since the Pumpple cake was tremendous and estimated to have 1,800 calories!  I loved the brownie though - it was super fudgy, and filled with chocolate chips so that each bite was more chocolatey than the next.  The double chocolate brownie was made with two varieties of cocoa and dark chocolate, and each bite had enough sugar to ensure I was never going to sleep that night.  I'm placing this high in my brownie rankings.
The Smores bar was good, but nothing in comparison to the brownie.  It was a homemade marshmallow, half covered in dark chocolate with a splash or Oreos on the side.  It was good for a lighter, less guiltful treat, but if you're going to Flying Monkey, I would stick with their cakes, brownies, cupcakes or whoopie pies.They have a big selection of whoopie pie, but that's not what I went caught my attention. Came here to grab my sister in law a vegan chocolate chip cookie and she loved it. I only see two items that are vegan. They had the chocolate chip cookie and as well as the lemon poppy seed whoopie pie. For myself I got the smores bar. It was quite sweet but kind of expected since it is marshmallow. The marshmallow was so soft and it's homemade and along with that there was a layer of dark chocolate. My grandmother really like their banana walnut cake but unfortunately they did not serve that yesterday and that is one of the reason why a star was taken out because I wish they serve the same variety of pastry each day.They're food might be okay, but their customer service is ridiculous. I called the bakery and the woman on the phone was extremely rude to me. She told me it was rush hour and it was "inappropriate" for me to call during that time. Unfortunately, I did not get her name, but I will never be calling that place again in fear that she may pick up the phone.Philadelphia a is a great city for Vegans. There is one drawback though: Reading Terminal Market's dearth of vegan options. Reading Terminal Market was one of the first places I spent a lot of time in Philly. My future wife and I would get the smoked turkey special at the Hatville Farms sandwich counter and I would enjoy browsing a local institution that my native New York had no match for.
Alas, Reading Terminal is not very vegan-friendly even in the year 2013! Even the Basic 4 Veggie stand closed! The good news is that a quite good vegan dessert can be found there at Flying Monkey.
Flying Monkey regularly has three vegan options: a chocolate chip cookie that I have not tried, vegan whoopie pies which are good and a chocolate cupcake with vanilla frosting.
I will focus on the cupcake because that is the best. The last time I had it I bought it when I arrived at the market and then ordered and ate lunch. Flying Monkey's display cases keep the items very cold. I do not recommend eating their products when you buy them. Let them come up to temperature as I did with that cupcake. When I finally bit into it I was really impressed. It was delicious. Just the fight amount of sweetness and chocolate and vanilla flavors. I usually don't kvell for vanilla frosting but this frosting really did it for me. 
My hope is that Flying Monkey will expand its vegan offerings. They are off to a great start.Unimpressed, especially given the hype and price. I ordered a Red Velvet Woopie Pie. Long story short, while the textures were lovely, there was almost no flavor to any of it.
The cake was dense but not heavy, with a lovely mouthfeel and fine crumb. Unfortunately, there was no flavor present, none of that yummy red-velvet-cake flavor I assumed I would find. Alone, it wasn't even very sweet. I've rarely encountered a cake so terribly bland in a professional bakery.
The cream cheese icing/filling was enough better to earn this a second star. The texture was exactly the way I like icing: smooth, just enough oils for a good texture, just firm enough to hold it's shape and not get too messy. But again, the flavor was lacking. If I just took some icing, I could find a faint hint of cream cheese flavor, but otherwise? Just sugary sweet, nothing else. When eaten with the cake, the hint of cream cheese disappears.
The end result is a desert with a nice appearance and texture, but nearly no flavor. It's just... sweet. Nothing else. And that's not worth the price, hype, and calories.Flying Monkey is hit or miss... I'm gonna let you know what I mean by that.
Hit: The brownies and blondies are definitely hittin. I had never actually had a blondie before this place. They use so much butter that after sitting for a while they really become saturated to the point where they taste like cookie dough... well I happen to like cookie dough. And the waxed paper they're wrapped in end up looking like a greased cookie sheet. You might find the richness extreme. Not to mention there's a great variety (although not all of them are always available). 
Miss: I've had whoopie pies from here on a few occasions and it's interesting that what makes these a "miss" is actually why I like them. Like others have said, their cakes are on the dry side and the icing isn't as glamorous as what you may find in other places, but that's what keeps my whoopie pies from being an absolute mess after flopping around in a bag all day. If I snack on the run I want ZERO MESS. NONE! The most I get with these is some loose crumbs. So for me it's really about utility over taste. They're not bad... I always get pumpkin and red velvet despite their lack flavor.
I do want to try the pumple cake sometime... when that will be I couldn't tell you. All I can say otherwise is choose carefully. You may stop in for a treat, but you may not be in for a treat.We visited this place while on vacation in May of 2016 and I fell head over hills in love with something called the "Whoopie Pie." It was probably the best thing that I have ever had. I want to travel back to Philly, just to visit this place again. Located in Reading Terminal Market, this shop is right in the center and there's a ton of dessert competition around the whole place. They also had a few other desserts such as pies, pumples, and cakes in addition to coffee and teas, but all you need to know is the whoopie pie, since that's what they're known for.Whoopie pies! Oh, how I love these whoopie pies. I don't even know how many times I've been here, but this place is a must when I go in reading terminal. I always say I won't, but end up getting them anyways. My favorites are red velvet, chocolate chip cookiewich, and pumpkin spice. I don't ever know what flavors they will have though. Sometimes they have a lot of flavors, sometimes they don't. I'm hoping I get to grab a pumpkin spice one last time before I leave Philly for Texas.
Also, I get a weird vibe from the guy behind the counter every time. Sometimes I feel like he's annoyed when I stand there trying to decide what flavors I want.Donut Muffin: A++
Heavenly muffin with a gooey banana filling.  So soft and moist--it melts in your mouth.
Hazelnut Whoopie Pie: A
Delicious.  Everything a whoopie pie should be...but didn't knock my socks off like the  DONUT MUFFIN.