The meats where bbq to perfection. Excellent cuts of beef. All the vegetable and salads Excellent. The cold asparagus, shitake mushroom, Manchego cheese, papaya, pineapple all great. The Service was exceptional. I just wished their was a lower priced wine bottle on the wine list. 
That is what I hate about a $$$ on food. The wine is usually $$$$$$this was my first time to fogo.............the steaks were awesome....but i found the salad bar and the service to be better at chima. At chima we didnt have to ask our server for clean plates or drink refills.
i could  live with those 2 issues and i would go back.Very good food, excellent service and very friendly staff. If you like your meat well done you may have to wait a little longer to get served as they only bring out med well to med rare meats. Love this place!Don't go here if you're a vegetarian, even though the salad bar is good. Come here for your Atkins diet.  Each cut of steak is delicious and seasoned well.  It's not cheap, but oh so good! I was really impressed with the service.  You really have to be on top of your game to flip over the card to red otherwise the server will be there with more bacon-wrapped filet mignon.  How can you say "no" to that? DAMN!
I'm ready for my nap now after that food coma.Came out with my family on Easter Sunday. Had a very bad experience being that I go here all the time. The waitress we had was gossiping about other servers and not playing attention to the table. She also brought out the wrong wine twice. Nothing was done about it Manager just said oh sorry.If there ever was a meat heaven, I landed there last night at Fogo.  I came here for the meat so I barely got anything at the salad bar.  I must say though that their smoked salmon is fantastic.
After the salad bar, I pretty much spent the rest of the time eating meat, meat, and more meat.  Here is the array of things offered: lamb chop, sirloins, filet mignon, chicken, sausage, pork ribs, beef ribs, etc.  Personal favorite for me was lamb chop and the filet mignon.  The best part is somehow they are able to carve out from rare to well done for each when available.  You will be so stuffed guaranteed.Maybe my favorite place to eat.  You get the fantastic Fogo experience: mounds of juicy meats of all varieties, quick service, a robust salad bar, and solidly stocked bar.  This location, though, is in an exquisite old bank building.  So, you get a wide open dining area with high and intricate ceilings (very nice...).  
Only (minor) complaint: Things can get bogged down if you come with a large party, especially if you are seated in certain areas of the dining floor.
I have had several great dining experiences here, though, and look forward to heading back whenever I am in the area.  Do yourself a favor, and grab some piled meat at Fogo (keep that card on green).Excellent - we had a prior issue before but the manager, Ryan, jumped in and promptly took care of it. We came back for a second time. He treated us as his guests. The food was excellent, the service was even better. Will be returning!The food is so great! The price is so reasonable for a high-class buffet like Fogo De Chao in Center City Philadelphia. The salad bar is wonderful. I heard that you can even go for the salad buffet itself with a cheaper rate. But my family is a meet lover, we don't mind paying money for good brazilian bbq. Remember to turn the card to red if you want to enjoy the meet in your plate or don't want be disturbed. The free refilled-Brazilian drink (I forgot the name, but they will recommend it to you when you sit down, it's their house special) is so great! They will always refill for you even you don't ask.I thought I died and went to heaven. Latino men walking around offeing me the best cuts of meat, while drinking good wine. A pure hedonistic pleasue. Ahhh.
Great food, great service, and atmosphere. You bring your company.Taking the edge off of Holiday shopping with a quick drink and yummy eats right next to Macy's . The service is excellent . The cheesy Brazillion bread is a yummy nibbles, and If you just have time for the bar I recommend a protein bite. The lamb chop board was amazing !!!I've had the pleasure of dining at Fogo on numerous occasions and found the experience to be consistently top-notch. First things first -- the spacious interior of the restaurant is comfortable and decorated in rich wood, while the bar area is rather small and has a trendy yet minimalist vibe.
The servers start out your meal with warm, chewy bread served piping hot out of the oven. Mmm! You can nibble on the fluffy balls of dough throughout your meal and they will always be refilled. Meanwhile, take a trip to the salad bar. Alongside the usual suspects, you'll be delighted to find smoked salmon, mozzarella balls, prosciutto, mushrooms, steamed asparagus spears, and a variety of special cheeses. The mushrooms are the star, tender and savory, but the prosciutto is sliced a bit more thickly than it should be. Overall, a contender for the best salad bar around!
Next, flip the innocent-looking card at your table and brace yourself for the incoming assault of servers wielding enormous skewers of meat. Top sirloin, bottom sirloin, filet mignon, prime rib, beef ribs, and many more cuts are included. The house picanha top sirloin, for which the restaurant is best known, is formed into a U-shape before being skewered and roasted. The meat comes out deeply browned, with a juicy layer of fatty meat and a smoky, grilled taste. The prime rib is, in my opinion, the most tender of all the cuts. The flavor has a wonderful, savory red-meat depth to it. Fogo's filet mignon is predictably tender and mild. I suggest asking for it bacon-wrapped to give the mild meat a savory twist.
The other meats include bacon-wrapped chicken, parmesan-crusted pork, baby back ribs, lamb chops, and more. The chicken is a standout here -- perfectly tender and juicy. The pork ribs were tender as well with some citrus tartness, although they did not slide easily off the bone. The lamb chops are flavored with a hint of mint, although they are very salty as are the other meats I mentioned.
On the whole, Fogo's meat dishes are as rich as they are salty, so if you have a sensitive stomach then you may want to take your time with the meat. The servers are great about cutting perfect portions -- 3-5 bites worth, so you'll have plenty of meat to savor but it won't go cold before you're finished eating it. They are also very good at maintaining the temperature of each cut, although you'll inevitably be offered one of the last cuts from a skewer on occasion.
Oh, and they'll offer you dessert, but if you order it then you're doing it wrong.
Hit: picanha, prime rib, mushrooms, chicken, house bread
Miss: sausage, prosciutto, hot sidesSomeone should give Brazil an award for thinking up a dining experience that involves waiters walking around with endless meat on a stick. You, over there, with the meat on a stick, come over here and slice me some of that deliciousness. Yes, right onto my plate. Thank you. Repeat a few thousand times and you'll get a good idea of my experience at Fogo.
Fogo is excellent. The quality of the meat is superb - everything is cooked and seasoned to perfection. The service is also on point. The salad bar is a scene straight out of the food bible if there ever was one, but make sure to save room for the MEAT BUFFET.
I just love the sound of it: meat buffettttttttttI can't believe they let us in this place. After spending 9 or so hours at McGillin's on New Year's day, we decided to come here for dinner. Hammered.  Me and my buddy had our coins on "green" for about an hour straight...
...And everything was delicious.  Only thing was... we got cut off! From alcohol... NO. From MEAT!  I believe the waiter said: "but sir -- you already have that on your plate" when my friend asked for more meat.  Then they started to slow down before approaching our table. The nerve!
I think there was a good salad bar... all I remember was getting prosciutto or something from it though, as we tried to go the whole meal only eating meat on a dare.  I think we got our money's worth.
Next time, I will come on an empty stomach.As a Brazilian, I highly recommend this place! I'd give 6 stars out of 5. Where should I begin?
1-) Great salad bar - has everything that makes a salad bar complete
2-) Great servers - cordial, knowledgeable and fast service
3-) Great meats - they have ALMOST the same meats served in Brazil. Except that you won't find chicken heart
4-) Great entrees - pao de queijo, polenta, feijoada - these are MUSTS when you go to a Brazilian restaurant
The place is always packed so, be sure to reserve a table before heading to this restaurant. If you are cash stripped, go during lunch hours. Everything is the same, except for a much better deal.I have to say the experience was one of a kind. The ongoing supplies of all you can eat meat with a beautiful salad bar that covered a great palette of sides to your meat. I really felt like the workers all want for you to have the best dining experience you can find. This one worker brought back the sweet bananas with sweet milk and it was crazy good and not a regular side dish, she just wanted to impress us. The lamb chops are on another level, I've never seen Katie eat so much meat haha so it was all great. The thing that took away from the experience was the price tag. I feel like it was great but not really worth the amount we spent. $200 on a night out of eating was a little excessive. It's titled a steak house and was not the best steak I ever tasted and half the time you cannot appreciate the piece of meat on your plate because you can't keep up with what's on your plate. It was still a great experience and I'm happy to have shared it with Kate. We talked about it for some time and now it has been crossed off the list. This was a sporadic night out next time I'll know this is more of a planning type of eatery lol All in all I say try it out for yourself.My colleagues and I took some of our clients to this Brazilian steakhouse and I must say I was definitely impressed.  When seated you're given instructions from the staff on how the meals will be served.  You first serve yourself to the wide selection of items available at the salad bar (a meal in itself).  Once you're done there, you're provided a card that has green and red sides.  Very cool dining experience as you're able to dictate the flow of food from the servers on to your plate via the card (green = yes, red = no).  The grilled meats were excellent as they had a wide variety of different cuts to choose from.  The service was very attentive and the food was excellent.Yummy! Love their meats best compared to all Brazilian steakhouse in the area.I AM A VEGETARIAN AND I LIVED TO TELL THE TALE OF EATING AT FOGO DE CHAO.
Just wanted to get that out.
Here's the deal. Yes, Fogo is clearly a carnivore's dream come true, but I have to say, as a veggie, I really enjoyed my experience. The restaurant is cavernous, like seriously huge, and consistently really crowded, but my BF and I were seated ahead of schedule (we had a 9:00 reservation and were at our table a little after 8:30) and were served promptly. Our waiter/gaucho/butcher explained how the process worked, and boom, we were on our way.
First, we got the cheese rolls, which were awesome, per every other review of this place. Then, we hit the salad bar, which I thought was fairly awesome - good bread, great cheese, lots of regular salad accessories but also some original dishes that I loved, like a mixed bean salad and some pasta, stuff. There was a small hot bar that had some rice, beans and fish, which unfortunately, I did not like...but it was a nice thought.
After the salad bar, it was meat time. I enjoyed some solid sides (mashed potatoes, fried plantains and polenta fries - again, I appreciated that they were all veggie-friendly) and my date ate lots of animals cooked lots of different ways. I don't know the deets, but there was something wrapped in bacon, something with parmesan crust, something with chicken, and he seemed to love everything. 
When the waiter came and asked us if we wanted dessert, I laughed in his face. Ok, that only happened in my head, but no sir, I have no room for anything else and in fact don't need to eat for the next four days, thank you.Absolutely the best meat I have ever had. Walked in just as it opened and was seated immediately by w very kind hostess. Once seated I noticed that although there were about 15 people in the place, there were about 15 waiters and helpers. The cheese bread came and it was fantastic. My wife is from brazil and we visit there about once every other year and I have not had pau de queso ( think that's how you spell it) that is this good ever! I went to the salad bar just because I thought I should then quickly turned the card to the green side. Although the number of guests now numbered near 100, there were still many waiters immediately at your service. Soon the meat started to come and it was unbelievable, the ribs were incredible, then the bacon wrapped filet mignon, are you serious? I was stuffed and as happy as could be. Although rather pricey, i will be heading back home to California soon and immediately taking my wife to the LA version.4-star dinner, 4.5-star lunch
Fogo de Chão has a spacious, loud dining room, and lots and lots of meat.
I give 4 stars to the dinner because it isn't the most intimate setting and is definitely loud. The meat is of good quality and being full is definitely assured at the end of the meal. 
The market table (buffet style appetizers, soups, salad, and charcuterie selection) has good starters but not out of this world. The cheese and cured meats selection is nice, although the pieces are cut a little thick for my taste. The salad and vegetable selections are adequate, but again, it's a buffet style, pre-dressed salad that often has the tastier additions picked out by the vultures who get to the new bowl the fastest. One example that stands out is the one or two slivers of clementine that were left in a huge bowl of kale-clementine-mint salad.
What people really come for, however, are the meats. The selection has both variety and quality with options ranging from sirloin steak and beef tenderloin, to parmesan crusted pork medallions, to lamb chops, to chicken breasts.
The rodizio-churrascaria service is good but not mind-blowingly so. There are always servers coming by with meat options, but usually it is just a few skewers at a time, so you may have to be patient to get the type and cut of meat that you want.
I'd recommend going for lunch (a great value at $36pp) if you want to give it a try. The dinner is the same selection but with a $55pp price tag. The experience is novel if you've never tried rodizio-churrasco style meals before, but beware of high noise levels and a not-so-intimate dining space.Fogo de Chao is a great place, and a frequent for my girlfriend and I. Every experience we've had has been nothing but wonderful. We will always return for any celebration because the food is heavenly, the wait staff/management is impeccable, and the market table is fresh and ever-evolving by the season. I'm thinking about checking it out for brunch an upcoming weekend. Keep it up Fogo Philadelphia!Cannot say enough good things about the restaurant! Expensive but worth every penny. Very professional staff, great service,  BEAUTIFUL salad bar, perfectly cooked meats, and very quick and efficient servers/chefs.As I walked into this elegant establishment I was feeling a little parched after the mile walk to this steak shop from my hotel room and they sat my party down and poured me a glass of the best water I have ever put down my throat. Must go to if you want delicious water. Oh and everything is phenomenal as well.This place was amazing! I go here at least once or twice a year! It is a all you can eat steak place and they have the best steak on earth. I highly recommend this place.
$50- Adults
$25- kidsI'll give fogo 5 stars, everything was top notch, from the decor, to the food, as well as the service. As soon as I flipped my card to green, so many different kinds of meats kept coming my way, I couldn't keep up; everything was delicious! The desert was very good too, I wanted the cheesecake, but they ran out since it was getting late so I opt for the key lime pie; it was great! Thank you Fogo for such a great experience, I'll definitely be coming back.Great choice for Birthday celebration!! Plenty of meat varieties and very little waiting time between choices coming around to our table. Both our servers were attentive and smiling. We attended during Restaurant week in city center.The steak specifically the sirloin was very juicy and well seasoned tonight. The salad bar always offers a great selection. I enjoyed the roasted butternut squash which I don't think they have every night. It was obnoxiously loud tonight which I'm not sure if that's a normal thing. There were a bunch of Birthday celebrations and the table in the back was very loud which isn't the restaurants fault but just mentioning due to how I rated the noise level. Other than that everything was amazing. A bit pricy for me and what you're given and can actually eat but the experience is worth it to a degree.Nothing better than dinner and a movie, especially when the two share a theme; And last night that theme was giant slabs of flesh. So, after watching Delicatessen a group of us decided it was high time we try the famed Fogo De Chao .
And yes, once we arrived I was wowed, which is no easy task. The warm colors, walls of wine bottles and tall ornate ceilings complete with crystal chandeliers knocked me on my ass. It was instantly clear that the business owners knew how to take advantage of the City's historical architecture. The beauty of the dining hall, however, was hampered by a noteworthy echo created by the high ceilings, which resulted in a noisy dining environment.
Once we were seated we were explained by our waiter the churrascaria way of serving and it was grand. You get a card, green on one side -red on the other; Green means "keeps it coming wit' the meat", red means "Stop- I'm dyin!"  The slabs of meat keep coming, with no limit, for 50 bucks a head. ($25 for lunch, with the same selection)
The service was stupendous. The clearing of plates and refilling of the drinks was so fast I hardly noticed the waiters going through the motions of their profession. Food service was still a bit distracting since waiters would pop out without warning holding sizzling skewer of meat. This made the dining experience feel a bit like being accosted be meat ninja sometimes. (waiters need bells on each of 'em)
Now as for the food, little can be said food that has not been said already. The seasoning tended towards salty and suited the Churrasco flavors. Nothing was too lean. If you ask for well done, got well done.
Highlights included garlic steak, fillet mignon, bacon wrapped fillet mignon, and the chicken. 
The lamb was majorly disappointing though - way too gamey and tough. (and I Love lamb)
The salad bar was impressive, but NOT worth $50. (or even $25) So, if you are a vegetarian this is not somewhere you should tag along with your carnivorous buddies.
All in all a good meal.
A solid 4 out of 5 if you're talking lunch.It honestly doesn't get better than all-you-can-eat meat. I generally try to come during restaurant week, where they knock $20 off the usual price ($35 vs. $55); there's a few less meat selections, but still good enough for me! The appetizers are wonderful, but don't fill up too much on the cheesy bread and mashed potoatoes because MEAT. When your chip is face up and green, the waiters bring racks of meat straight to your table, so no walking required! My favorites are the top sirloin and pork ribs. Everything was absolutely delicious and cooked to perfection. I love that you can choose rare, medium or well-done. In between courses, flip your chip over to red and head over to the salad bar to cleanse your palette with a selection of fruit, salad, and cheese. When you're ready, flip that chip back over and prepare your body for more!
The last time I was here, I ate until I felt like I was physically ill, but hey, that's how your get your money's worth, right?This place is amazing. I am going to make sure I hit this place up when I'm in Philly in May this year. I've had many memorable experiences here: birthdays, celebrations, restaurant week, etc. I highly suggest tho hitting this place up during restaurant week where you will get the best bang for your buck. the ribs are succulent and melt in your mouth. everything else is perfect. i like my cuts medium-rare. however all types are offered. im sure you will not be disappointed. the salad bar is amazing, however dont let them fool you, because you can get full very quick and not enjoy the many cuts of steak. 
ambiance is wonderful and service perfect!The food was great, the salad bar had a descent spread but the meat did not seem like it kept up with the demand. The salad bar seemed small but I guess quality over quantity. The service was friendly but drinks took too long. Overall, I would go back but maybe on a slower day.Sweet mother of God, this place is carnivore heaven.  A protein paradise.  A mecca of meat.
Wonderful cheeses and Spanish-style cold cuts to be found at the salad bar.  It's hard as hell not to load up here but you must exercise restraint before you succumb to the onslaught of meat.
There's nothing I can really add to what's already been said.  To me, this beats Picanha in NE Philly (although great in its own right); FDC's variety of food besides the meat more than justify the added expense.
The only suggestion I may have is that when you leave, you may require assistance because you'll be in a protein/fat induced stupor.This is a great place to go to if you like red meat or are very hungry.....but nevertheless the meats are very good and you can choose how rare or well done that you like most......the service is good and the staff is constantly serving all of the tables.......the secret is to pace yourself and enjoy each of the cuts of meat......overall it is a good atmosphere. ...you will leave stuffed....I came here for my bf's dads birthday thinking that it would be a great place to celebrate at! I was a little disappointed. Food was ehh it would have been ok if it was cheaper but for the money they ask for it should be at least worth it. It's over hyped in a sense and so not good for romantic dinners it's too loud . *my opinion*To be fair, we went on restaurant week when the menu was limited. Nothing stood out to me, however, and despite all the hype it tasted on par with other steakhouses. I'd even go as far to say I like Rodizio a bit better, and for the price difference it'd almost be preferred.
The food was still good but at a high end restaurant, I'd honestly expect better service. Being restaurant week, I understand they were busy but even so they should still come around and place the dessert silverware in front of each person. Instead, the waitress threw down the silverware at the end of the table and walked away (I'm assuming to actually go get the desserts). Even placing the silverware on the individual plate would be preferred. They also didn't clear our plates unless we asked for a new/clean one.
Losing the most points, however, is the fact that they don't have a pastry chef so they don't make their desserts in house. All the 'big boys' do this such as their neighbor restaurant, Capital Grille which is also a steakhouse. CG's dessert blows Fogos out of the water. There is no comparison. Unfortunate for Fogo.This was one of my favorite dinning experiences-EVER. The atmosphere is wonderfull. Service was attention and knowledgebale. The food was fatastic. Bring a big appetite though. There was more wonderfull food then I had room for. The set price is perfect and the salad bar was one of the best in the city.We went for restaurant week and paid $35 each. I believe it's usually around $70. It's completely worth it for restaurant week! There's a green and red token card that you can flip to indicate if you're ready for more meat or not. They come around with a variety of different meats that they slice for you. The salad bar wasn't that special. There was just a lot of cheese spreads. They also give you some side dishes. My favorite was the mash potatoes.I love Fogo. I have been to another location so I was expecting the same high quality food, atmosphere, and service--and Fogo did not disappoint!
Sirloin cap and garlic beef are my favorite, and there were no charred pieces here at the Philly location!The experience wasn't all that great. The food was mediocre. I definitely had better food elsewhere.My most favorite place to eat of all time. This place is amazing and it's not because it's all You can eat, the quality, gourmet and 5 star quality environment make this place the best! This is the only place I ever want to eat now. Everything else is Sun standard.Meat is super salty, and you get it cooked correctly only if you happen to be first on the servers rounds. Oh Americans, and our love for anything that tastes like a salt lick, and calling it haute cuisine. Is it better than standard chain? Yes. But for the price go to a real steakhouse and get real steak, the way it's supposed to be cooked (heck, Capital Grille is around the corner!!!). I guess you CAN get super full (if that's your goal), and it is big enough to handle large groups, unlike many small philly places, so that's a plus. Decor is great, and staff was good.What to say about Fogo de Chao...I have been here three times and have absolutely loved it every time. The ambiance is great. Huge place, tables aren't on top of each other, and even though it is busy, you can still have a nice conversation with your dinner companion. The service has been nothing less than exceptional every time I've been there. Waiters, bussers VERY attentive. Extensive wine list, as well as traditional Brazilian cocktails. Last but not least, the food. They have a fresh salad bar has a great selection of meats, salads, veggies; enough to make you almost fill up on just this alone. But don't! The gauchos come around with different cuts of meat that are to die for, each more tasty than the last! Perfectly seasoned and cooked, sliced right there and placed on your plate. Oh and you get an endless supply of mashed potatoes, polenta, fried bananas(YUM) and little cheesy rolls. If you can survive the food coma you slip into, the desserts are well worth over stuffing yourself even more.Not really impressed by this place. An abundance of average food is not good substitute for high quality food (for me). Meat was really bland. Service was goodDon't go here.  The food is massively overpriced, and I mean overpriced, and the waiters treat you like a wheel in a factory--they are attentive early, then fade away and disappear, trying to get you to leave so that they can recycle the table.  It is good,  but not great, Brazilian food either.  If they cut their prices by 40-50% it might be worth it.We come here twice a year and normally would rate it 5 stars, but 12/19 gave the appearance of new management. Some more fattier 3 oz cuts than usual, constantly chasing after top sirloin and tenderloin, pushy waitress, confused-looking runner saying "yea" and "nah" or tossing sides onto the table or leaning hard on my chair and me to talk to the rest of the party. Towards the end, Krista took my girlfriend's full plate of steak from her, said "I think you're all finished here", chuckled, and walked off. Our party then asked us what the hell that was about. You pay $50 a person for dinner alone, and how it went this weekend just wasn't worth the price. If I didn't know any better, I would have thought I was at steak night at the Cherry Hill Cheesecake Factory. A stack of plates dropped, and the shouting and applause from the patrons confirmed I was eating in New Jersey but paying Philadelphia prices. 
The good: Staff is always well-dressed and clean, steak runners are always quick and attentive, almost all the food we did eat was excellent, tables are turned over immediately, shift managers are working hard to steer the ship, everything is immaculate. I just got the feeling the restaurant either got a new GM recently or does not currently have one.Made a reservation in the afternoon for dinner at 6pm. We get there and are told that we don't have a reservation, ok, whatever, our wait for a table wasn't long. It took awhile before the first server came to the table with sausage and chicken. Our waiter came to check on us. I told him the servers were not very attentive to our table. That's all it took. After that, there was a steady stream of servers and others checking on us. 
The food was delicious. The price you pay should entitle you to excellent service.After a weekend full of bachelorette shenanigans we concluded with a Bridal Shower brunch at this location. Now being from Atlanta I have visited Fogo before but this location gave me a whole new experience!!
From start to finish everyone was beyond warm and welcoming! Generally we are used to having the one waitress or waiter that we have to find but when I tell you EVERYONE AND I DO MEAN EVERYONE bent over backwards to ensure we had a fabulous stress free time and I totally appreciate it. Unfortunately after a weekend of drinks I don't remember any names but one of the managers ( short Asian lady) I think she was a manager but if she is not she needs to be promoted was soooooo amazing!!!! She held fabulous conversation while cleaning our table, refilling our water and ensuring the guy with the lamb chops came to our table(....those lamb chops are to die for....)! 
To end our visit she even decorated a plate very nicely for my cousin to congratulate her on her wedding!!! Now I'm originally from upstate NY and live in the south and we NEVER experienced Fogo like this...we experience that "I'm not your waiter/tress look" when asking for water but this location works fabulously as a team!!!
I definitely recommend this location and will return upon another visit to Philly!My colleagues and I had a great dinner at Fogo. I have been here several times and always enjoyed both the food and service. Tonight I took out my leadership team to Fogo both for the first time and they both loved it. ThanksI really don't know how any body could actually give this place 5 stars!!!
I must say that this place was beautiful. We went on a Monday night and the place was packed.  First we hit the salad bar and it was boring. Then they brought out all the sides. The black beans and white rice were blah and ice cold. Then the meat. The meat was gross , the service was bad. The waiters were dressed like a bunch of pirate's and they took for ever to bring the meat. When they did they keep giving us rare cuts tho we asked for med-plus. This place was a waste of 250.00 for 4 adults and we did not order and alcohol. We had the pecan pie with ice cream. They microwaved it and it was gross. I'm am so sorry fogo I wish I could of said nice things about your food.  But seriously I felt robed. I want my money back!!!!!Carnivores unite! I love this place, not only for their 15 different, unlimited meat options, but for their great naturally gluten-free sides and salad bar. I believe there are only a few options they serve that have gluten in them, including beer-basted Chicken, wheat bread on the salad bar, and tabbouleh. The bread that is served on the table is made with tapioca flour and is SAFE! I had NO idea it would be gluten free because it looked and smelled way too good! The crispy polenta, which is one of my favorite sides ever, is also gluten free and incredible.  Prepare to feast when you come here. It is worth every penny!Had dinner at Fogo de Chao Brazilian Steakhouse on Saturday evening. It was my first time and I highly recommend. The staff, food and atmosphere were great! I usually don't eat a lot of meat but I gave all of their selections (which was plenty) a try. This restaurant is definitely on my list to revisit.Go to this place hungry. If you're a vegetarian, find something else to do...because as far as you're concerned, this place is the Antichrist. I ate so much here, I woke up the next morning feeling like I was hungover. If this place was around in prehistoric times, you would surely find T-Rex and Megalodon here, with gobs of charred mammal flesh drooping down their chins. This place is good...damn good, I've never eaten at a steak house like it. And to be honest, the prices are surprisingly good. Check it out, and have fun!I was interning on this block when Fogo de Chao opened, and once I learned the concept, I started concocting elaborate ways to afford it until the perfect opportunity presented itself: my college graduation dinner when the family was in town. 
Getting my degree the next day was awesome, no doubt, but Fogo de Chao almost eclipsed that joy. 
For those unfamiliar, Fogo de Chao is a Brazilian churrascaria, or steakhouse. For $45, a prix-fixe menu is served by a team of waiters. You're given a two-sided placard to control the continuous service - one side green (Bring On The Meat), the other side red (Hold Up, I Need To Chew). If you're on green, waiters will descend offering up 15 different cuts of meat. I heartily recommend the chicken, filet mignon, and the garlic beef.
The side dishes include cheesy popovers, fried plantains, crispy polenta, and creamy seasoned mashed potatoes. Most people choose to skip the salad bar, but it's quite impressive, with giant chunks of fresh mozzarella, prosciutto, and the largest and most tender asparagus I've ever eaten. 
The prix-fixe menu includes the salad bar, the meat and side dishes, but not dessert or drinks. Even though I was too stuffed to sample dessert, I was not disappointed. It was a truly unique experience. Fogo de Chao is excellent for groups and received unanimous rave reviews from my finicky family, but be sure to make a reservation.#FOGO NO GO
I have never been so DISAPPOINTED  with the service that we received tonight 9/18/16.
It started with them only offering us ONLY chicken (came by 4x's) No Red meats came by for over 30mins and when it did come by we were NOT offered any (with the card facing green)
When I asked the waiter how the card works bc I just thought we weren't doing it correctly bc they would just walk right pass us (table for 4)... while I was talking to the waiter the meat carver guy comes over while I was talking to the waiter and interrupted my conversation with an attitude telling me that I should tell him what kinds I meats I want (with an attitude).
Tried to calm down with the service we were receiving and next thing you know..... a female waitress comes on over throwing the #Fbomb "f-ing GRimmy" heard the F word 3xs during my dinner....Excellent dining experience again at Fogo de Chao. The staff are very attentive. There is one gentleman in those blue shirts that always makes our dining experience very pleasant. The new hot bar was nice - I had the black beans. And the lamb chops were the bomb!!Make reservations on the weekend.  This place was still hopping at 10pm. Meat lovers paradise!  Noise level a little too high for my tastes.  Food was excellent as was the service.I ate here in 2013.  It was memorable.  My business partner and I wanted to roll out of the restaurant we were so full.  I had to walk to Independence Hall and back to work off some of the food.  Actually, this is the only complaint.  There was so much food, that I ate too much.  I wish we had the opportunity to eat more salad bar, but after one trip they were offering us lots of meat and vegetables.  I ate so much meat that I wanted someone to wheelbarrow me out of the restaurant.  The food was excellent -- very well prepared.  I just did not need to eat that much food.Easily one of my favorite steakhouses! Unlike all other restaurants, they dont make you full by serving you a lot of bread or appetizers, they start serving you the good stuff! The steaks are served to you whenever you want so you can literally only eat steak the entire meal. Also, their steaks are GREAT quality and delicious. There are SO many to choose from it's really cool and easily one of my favorite places to go. I love the idea of having so many servers bring you FRESH steak thats warm and juicy straight from the kitchen and you dont have to eat appetizers or anything. Absolutely awesome.Personally, if I'm going to head into the city and drop $50-$75 for dinner, I'd probably prefer to go to one of the thousands of amazing restaurants with a regular a la carte menu... either way, you walk out stuffed... This is 'merica after all.  
But hey... for any Brazilian Steakhouse (and I've been to them IN Brazil) or any buffet for that matter, Fogo is definitely going to be one of the best experiences. The ambiance and unique architecture is breathtaking, the appetizer/salad bar is off the hook, and of course... the endless meat is incredible - a good medium rare is usually available.  All of this is only surpassed by the 5 star service. They really have the royal treatment down.  
We went with mom, pop, and our 2 year old son.  They did such a good job of making us feel special and entertaining the boy through a long meal.  If they had a MySpace, I'd totally be giving them kudos...Amazing experience.  Excellent service. wonderful selection of meats. Make sure to save room for dessertyou walk in past a HUUUUUGE ....salad bar probably 30 feet long and around... waiter takes drink orders. you are given a card with a green side and a red side. if you leave your green side face up, there are about 10 cooks walking around with spears of different meats and they stop and ask if you would like some and how you take it(temperature ) then slice off the perfect piece and move on; awesome. think they offer one pork, two chickens, one lamb, and about 6 or 7 different cuts of beef...then you continue this process until you're literally ready to explode then turn your card to the red side when you don't want the cooks to approach anymore. only down side is its 50 bucks ahead; but for the quality of food your eating it almost makes it worth if. awesome place - a meat lovers heaven.This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia and best Brazilian restaurant I've been to! The meat is high quality and deliciously cooked. Fantastic, attentive service. You get what you pay for!Food was great but the speed at which the meat servers came around was sporadic. There were several 10-15 min intervals where nobody came. It made dinner feel a little awkward because you were sitting there doing nothing. Also we weren't given any menus, just explained to how the service works and so no way of knowing how the prices work. When you have a table of 8 that can be pretty significant. Still overall, for a romantic evening for 2 it should be very nice. I guess my lesson learned is don't be embarrassed to ask prices before hand, though I still feel like if we aren't given menus, we shouldn't have to ask.Great service, wonderful for restaurant week. The food is always cooked closed to perfection and high quality. Now, if you're only for the meats, you probably don't wanna indulge way too much because you'll get very full. You must check out the salad bar! It's more than just cold cuts and sides. It's great additions to the meats you get on your plate. Perfect for family and date nights!Although I'm not a huge red meat lover, I was very impressed by Fogo.  Came here during restaurant week with my team from work. It was $35 a person for endless appetizers, salad bars, and meats. 
The sides they brought to the table weren't anything spectacular. The salad bar, however, definitely was. They have an assortment of cheeses, salads, and veggies. For me it was the highlight. 
I didn't have a lot of the meat options, but the pineapple chicken was the best ish I've ever tasted! It was the perfect amount of moist, juicy, and crispy. Included with restaurant week was dessert - I got the delicious chocolate cake, but tried my friend's key lime pie and wish I chose that one. 
Fogo also accommodated our large party of 15 and their service was exceptional. If you want a bang for your buck, def check it out during restaurant week...that deal cannot be friggin beat for a luxury, up-scale dinner in the city!This is more than a meal, it's an experience.  I have to be carried out of this place. Their meats are mouth watering and you can have as much as you want.  Wear loose pants and make sure you try their fried bananas, yummy:)Holy meat, Batman! (giggity)
How could ANYONE possibly say anything negative about this place? When you walk in, the immense wine cellar greats you along the walls and the high ceilings and beautiful fixtures let you know that this place will be something special.
The salad bar is beyond belief. I could've made an entire meal out of that alone. Beautiful vegetables (I was a fan of the huge stalks of asparagus) and delicious cheeses = heaven for me! The waiter service is out of this world - as soon as you're done with what your eating, your dirty plates are whisked away and replaced with shiny new ones! Not to mention the sides...as soon as they look like they might be getting cold or they have been sitting for too long (or you devour them, which is usually the case), they are replaced with fresh new sides.
Now....the piéce de résistance. There were several men walking around the dining room with different cuts of meat (beef, pork, chicken) cooked to different temperatures. If your coaster is facing the correct way (green means go, people), they will begin to approach you and offer you a cut of what they have on their skewers. Everything is seasoned to perfection and it's always hot - this will be the most mouthwatering meal you will ever have. It's incredibly hard to say no when you see these beautiful cuts of meat passing by your table - but if you start to get overwhelmed, you can turn the coaster to red. I'm a small person, but I'm pretty sure I consumed AT LEAST my body weight in meat that night!
With the various cuts that you are getting, you get more than what you pay for in the first 20 minutes. Yes, it can be pricey, but this is not the type of place that you go to every other weekend. After this meal, I pretty much went into a meat induced coma. Wow.
Totally worth it.This place is wonderful with delicious food. Though pricey it's totally worth it. Is great and nice atmosphere.Good, but not great.  Nice atmosphere, but limited selection, and the meat was relatively bland.  Without question, Chima is an overall better Brazilian steakhouse.This place is great.  I have been several times in Philly and even more in DC.  I have to admit the DC location is much, much better, but the Philly site is still great.  Food comes out hot and often.  If you do not see what you are looking for, ask.  They will bring it.  The key is not to be shy.  It took me a few trips before I realized this.  Go hungry. 
The only thing I would say as a negative is compared to the DC location.  DC is bigger and cleaner (both as a city and the Fogo restaurants) and the people that work in DC all seem to be Brazilians.  Philly, you get whatever.  Kind of takes away from the experience. The food is great at both locations.  My favorite place in Philly and it's not even close.Oh Brazil--how I miss you.  Luckily I don't need to take the 12 hour flight in order to enjoy an awesome Brazilian churrascaria.  It doesn't matter which Fogo I go to I'm always happy at the end of the night.  The one I went to in Brazil was better but this place is still 5 star worthy and besides--it's okay because I'll be going back to Brazil to visit my family in June.  
;)Service was impeccable, but my best friend (lamb) didn't make the rounds as fast as I'd have liked him to. Drinks were great but pricey considering how reasonable the main tab is. But then again, alcohol is every restaurants' profit winner. Anyway, the garlic steak, lamb and chicken were buttery luscious. Even the salad bar was amazing (and who wants salad at Fogo!) Went for my daughter's birthday and left with a protein hangover. Fantastic! Only downside was the guy in a tank top seated prominently in the center of the room. Should have moved him.Service Service Service.
The best way to  win me over is having great service and let me tell you the service here was top-notch.
This was our celebration spot for my friends graduation we were a pretty large group about 12 people. Once we were seated Our first waitress explained to us the process of how the the buffet and the meat rounds work.
Some people opted for the meats and some including myself though i opted to get a meal al la cart. 
Thing were running smoothly until I realize it was taking a while for my food to come out. I subsequently had to inquire about my food 3 times and I was starting to get annoyed. Once my food finally came it was not my taste. The cod was covered in the strikingly sweet sauce and I could not handle it, so I sent it back. I was super annoyed by the whole situation.
Magically (and I say that because I am not sure how or why it happen) we had a new waitress. She was high energy and really funny. She distracted my from the fact that my food had been late and gross. 
She changed the whole vibe. I also appreciated the manager who was like 7 months preggo came to the table a few times to check on us as well. She was really sweet and added to the positive energy.
Toward the end of the visit I was starting to feel sick the waitress was on tip. She got me a seltzer water with bitters and directed me to some plain white rice that might help as well.  She even comped the few desserts that others at the table ordered.
It was generally a good experience with a staff that was able to cater to our entire group.Absolutely, delicious. My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate his birthday few days ago and our experience was incredible. I personally like loud crowded places so ambience was perfect. They had a great salad selection that went so well with the meat. I really like the system where we flip the coaster to let the waitstaff know we would like some meat. The meat was amazing. They were very juicy. The service was great too! We will be definitely coming back, but maybe during restaurant week because it is pricy.ei 983%^%$457vb9345wygf7vn  hfgh 94t87%^$%#*05vn jflhg igun!
That was my sorry attempt to tell you how amazing Fogo is, but I just couldn't seem to find the words.  It is THAT mind-blowing.
We spent NYE here with a group of 7 and the night was pure magic (aside from my boyfriend's crazy psycho ex sitting two tables away, but I digress). 
I could spend the rest of my adult life in the Salad Bar (but not my elderly life - let's not get carried away).  Beware this amazingness if you plan to enjoy the various cuts of meat, though, because it's real easy to get real full REAL quick.  I only went back twice.
The meats need no explanation.  They're all amazing, especially the House Specialty Sirloin (it's like buttah) and the Filet Mignon wrapped in bacon.  But let's be honest - everything wrapped in bacon automatically tastes 120% better.  Filet wrapped in bacon should really just be illegal.  I think I overdosed.
But I didn't overdose enough to eliminate my desire for dessert, which was equally as phenomenal.  Five of us got the creme brulee but nobody got the molten lava chocolate cake.  I was upset about this because like any normal female, I really wanted to try it without ordering it myself.  Also, I may or may not be allergic to chocolate.  
The wine selection is fantabulous but beware, even the House Cab is pretty pricey.  Actually, this whole joint is pricey.  Don't go here if you're pinching pennies.  If you've got the cash, I'm not sure there's a better place to spend an evening.  Surprisingly, unlike other restaurants in the area, Fogo did not charge anything additional for NYE reservations, so that's a bonus too.
This place is classy, spacious, fun, happening, and delicious.  Don't die before trying it.  And wave to me when you pass the Salad Bar.
Warning: The above post will not tell you how Fogo works, just that you should go there.Phenomenal Experience. Really enjoyed every aspect of our dinner. Service was outstanding and constantly tending to the table. "Salad Bar" was 5 star with an eclectic selection of fantastic offering.  The Brazilian meat choices and constant sampling of perfection was spot on.
A real treat and we'll worth the $$.
I will definitely be back .Very good service. Excellent food. You will gain some weight, but you will never leave hungry.It is Restaurant week in Philadelphia. We usually go to Chima but decided to try this once. Mistake. Half of the meat items on the menu were never served. The salad bar was good, but it was inferior to Chima. Both restaurants bring small plates to the table to share including mashed potatoes, bread, and plantains, but Chima is superior. Only one of the steak selections was noteworthy. It was disappointing.Waited an hour for a table from walking in. 
You have to call ahead for it
It's packed. I'm not a fan of crowds. You can see that in all my reviews. 
The salad bar is pedestrian. Little variety. 
Seems like they have less food than Chima in general. 
There we times we were waiting for cuts of food. Like long periods of time...except Pork. They have a bunch of Pork in rotation. I don't eat pork. 
The drinks are better at FdC but Chima has at least SOME parking.  Chima has watered down overpriced drinks. 
The crowd at FdC...there were a lot of sexy women. 
And the waitresses are cute. There are just really nice looking people in general. I guess cause it's center city. 
Overall I prefer Chima. Bigger cuts of Lamb. Better seasoned meat. Never any wait times over 5 mins.