Beautiful spot. The food was good, but overly salty and a bit stingy for the price. Service was fine, if a bit pretentious. The best part of the meal were the impeccable desserts. Big props to the pastry chef.Delighted to have discovered this new addition to the Old City neighborhood, lured in by the sexy interior as viewed through the open French doors to the sidewalk, emitting a beautiful glow and sultry music. My visit was just for a glass of wine, and my French Pinot Noir was delicious and well priced.  Can't wait to come back for dinner because everything sounded and looked great. Excellent decor, it works really wellBeautifully designed restaurant, friendly staff and overall great food! We had one main issue: Since all the plates are "made to share," we asked about sizing, etc. I felt that our server recommended that we order way more plates that we really needed. (We could have easily been perfectly fine with three fewer dishes). On the positive side, we had a lot of leftovers, but we really didn't need all that food. I would definitely return, but will be more aware of the plate sizes next time.I was really waiting for tonight and I finally made it! Everything that I ordered was so delightful! Outstanding! Every bite of it! Cocktails were pretty amazing too!  
#greatservice #delishfood I will definitely come back!Absolutely top notch dining. Great food and excellent creative cocktails. Service was fantastic. Tuna collar was delicious. I can't wait to return to try additional dishes.We were lucky enough to dine at Forsythia at their second night open! Their modern French cuisine was absolutely stupendous. We highly recommend you dine here!  Our favorite dishes were the Wagyu beef carpaccio, the Corn agnolotti, and the barnegat scallops. Everything we had was delicious though.  Their selection of cocktails were unique and we especially loved the Babary Coast and RBG&T. Hope to go again very soon.Atmosphere and service was great.  Most of the dishes were overly salty and there were small issues with most of the plates.  Chicken was brined which helps moisture but it was very salty.  Pasta dishes had nice flavor but all the pastas felt as if they were undercooked by a minute.  The Bouillabaisse was overpriced for the amount of seafood (monkfish, octopus and mussels) and overall flavor was bland and almost more like a gumbo.  The omelette with crab was probably everyone's favorite dish.Exceptional food, with great ambiance and service! Went here for my grandmother's birthday and we all could not have been more pleased with the experience. Will definitely be coming backThe menu read great. 
The execution was disappointing and overpriced
I found the dishes unsatisfying for the price.
I had:
Fall lettuces: excellent starter, nice balance
Wagyu carpaccio: was closer to a deconstructed roast beef sandwich than a carpaccio
Sweet & sour pigtails: a well executed sweet&sour pork dish from your local take out with bones and very little pork
Rohan duck - excellent but order three for two people.  Odd mix of garnish of cashews, mushrooms, etc.
When I was done, I went down the street to order some bar food to fill me up.  
Disappointed.This was my first time at this place and I'm pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food although it was a bit expensive. 
We made reservations for Sunday night at 5:30 PM at the front by the window. It was a little chilly but they provide blanket throws on the chair for your use. The decor is minimalist but cozy and romantic with real candles at each table. The service was attentive: almost a little too attentive as the server came very often when we weren't ready to order food. 
They provide fresh sourdough bread with a delicious spread that isn't butter but is rosemary. We ordered the pommes Anna $12 which is a huge spiral potato with cheese. The wood roasted Chicken $28 was a generous portion, enough for 2 people to share. But it wasn't that spectacular. I probably will try the tuna or duck next time. For dessert, we had the sorbert which comes in a warm dish of pears with sorbet on top. After you pay, you get a small piece of green tea Blondie wrapped in a small clear bag to take home. That was a nice touch. 
Overall it was a delicious meal and worth the price given the ambiance and food. I will return.All i can say is WOW.  Chef Kearse has really outdone himself with this beautiful new restaurant.  My friends and I ordered 2/3 of the menu and loved every bite from start to finish.  Some real winners were the Wagyu carpaccio, beignets, panisse, foie gras, rohan duck, corn agnolotti, chocolate bouchon, pavlova, tuna collar, petit four tower... Everything!  Well done all around.Our family of four had an EXCEPTIONAL meal at Forsythia Saturday night which was their second night of operations. From the movement we walked in we were greeted by the warm and friendly staff. The new space is beautiful, warm and very inviting! After a good explanation of the menu by our server we order a broad selection of dishes. Each dish from the fried green tomatoes to the rabbit was beautifully presented and exquisite in flavor! We were full but still managed to enjoy several of  the delicious desserts. The corn cream brûlée's was definitely a special treat. We look forward to our next visit so we can try the rest of the menu. I almost forgot to mention the interesting cocktails and well executed wine list.As soon as I saw the menu, I couldn't wait to come here. My friend and I swung in Sunday night at first for just a cocktail and dessert. But after some convincing, we got a few more bites to eat. First off, the menu is fun and there is so much more I want to try. 
We grabbed a seat at the bar, gorgeous white marble counter top. The bartender, fantastic guy, fun to chat with, gave some good recommendations. Started out with a RBG+T cocktail that I highly recommend. I absolutely love Elderflower so this drink started the night out right.
Tonight there were fried cornichons on the menu. Who doesn't love cornichons!? They were fantastic little bites with a light airy batter served with a tasty kicked up aioli. The corn & ham hock beignets were fun savory bites. The panisse with Raclette cheese was different in a very good way. The cheese was creamier than I expected and loved the panisse (chickpea fries if you will). I couldn't leave without trying the whole roasted Hen of the Woods and it paired so nicely with the smoked Ricotta. 
On to desserts, Kim got the chocolate bouchon, which she raved about. I dove into the kettle corn creme brulee. Both beautifully presented and delicious. Our bartender had asked me if I would be interested in a drink to go with the desserts and he didn't disappoint! Loved the espresso martini. It's one of my favorites. Good surprise.
Will be back soon enough because the Petit Four Tower was calling our names (and the duck...and the cheese plate..) :)Beautiful interior, great staff, food was beautifully presented and tasted delicious. Mussels could use a bit more kick to it!Chris has never disappointed! Another amazing meal, service, and delectable cocktails.  SO important during this time to get out when we can and support! And tip as generously as you can. Thank you and your staff, for all you do at Forsythia.We stopped in for what was supposed to be a "quick" happy hour and ended up staying for 2 hours. What a cool place. The bar is very nice- it filled up fast! By 5PM there were no seats. Folks were pouring in for dinner reservations at that time as well.
We had every item on the happy hour menu (sans Royale w/ Cheese, we had dinner reservations elsewhere). I'd recommend the corn and ham hock beignets. We had a few non-happy hour cocktails as well (cc that funky G&T with rose water). We also shared the cacio e pepe which was great. We had a great experience. We regretted leaving to attend to our dinner reservation. Looking forward to dining in a few weeks.Wow! This place was incredible! We went here for a small round table work dinner off of a recommendation after seeing an article about this place. I looked at the menu beforehand and thought it looked really interesting. Honestly, I was concerned it was one of those restaurants that try and "put their on twist to everything" but just go way to far and everything ends up just being weird. Boy was a wrong! Everything I ate was amazing, and we almost tried everything on the menu, but also extremely unique and nothing like I've ever eaten before (and I eat out a lot). 10/10 recommend this place.I had been meaning to try happy hour at Forsythia since they opened, as I live close by. I decided to stop by for takeout and have my happy hour at home. I ordered the Burger Royale and the Apple Beignets. The first thing I noticed when I got home was that there were three items in my bag instead of two. The third item was some type of bread with a fancy butter. I thought to myself I don't really need more bread with a burger but I'll take a bite to see how it tastes. I put butter on that bread and took my bite. Next thing I know I devoured both slices of bread. It was that good! I was so happy to have it included in the meal. I dug in to the burger next. It's a double patty with cheese, fried onions, pickles and sauce on a sesame seed bun. The thing I don't like about double patty burgers is that the thin patties are generally overcooked. Not this burger. Both patties were a juicy medium! So juicy that the bottom of the bun got soggy towards the end. The meat to toppings ratio was slightly off as I had to make my own improvements by taking off a few onions and a pickle. But this was still up there with some of the top burgers in the city. Next up was the Beignets. I bit one and thought to myself it was nothing special. Then I realized it came with a cream cheese and Nutella dipping sauce. I dipped it into the sauce and took my next bite. What a difference the sauce makes!  That sauce transformed it into one of the best restaurant desserts I've ever tasted. It was so tasty that I was glad I was eating alone and didn't have to share them. They probably would have been even better if they were still warm.
I had a great happy hour at home meal thanks to Forsythia. I'm looking forward to trying more of the menu while seated at the restaurant. I wouldn't be surprised if I ended up updating this to a 5 star restaurant. The potential is there...I have to admit, I was hoping for more. After reading the reviews for this place I went in with a certain expectation and left feeling disappointed and underwhelmed. 
I know during the COVID time things are not their norm. I understand the need to have a simplified or more condensed menu. That being said, I would expect the few things that being offered to be staples or choices that really give you an idea of what the place is all about. I really felt like the menu was lacking here. Nothing was that sophisticated or even that intriguing. It didnt really give off a French vibe either. 
The duck was cooked well and probably the highlight of the meal. The mussels were definitely the weakest point. Very chewy, lacking flavor, and the sausage didnt really fit. We were not a fan. The rest of the meal was just average. The food was edible, not terrible, but nothing memorable or worth mentioning here. Probably will opt to go elsewhere next time I am searching for French style cuisine.Why did it take us so long to come here!? I guess better late than never applies here.
Even in the midst of the pandemic as businesses may run leaner, the experience at Forsythia is a wonderful own. From the ambiance to the service and amazing food, nothing disappoints. 
We have been there twice now and have sampled a number of dishes - a corn soup, tomato tart one, mussels, the burger, a trout dish, wagyu tartare, lamb ragu agnolotti, duck, and short rib to make a few. And every single one had me wanting more (and the portion sizes here are indeed more than fair for the price of you ask me). And the most recent surprise was the dessert - the s'mores macaroons. Heavenly. I don't normally love s'mores but these were delish! 
They also have a great wine list and some one of a kind cocktails. Any place that has natural wines also scores so major brownie points in my book.
The entire staff is great - making it one of the places we will frequent during these current events. But even more so, everything about the staff, the service and the food will keep us coming back for the long-term. Keep it up!One of the nicest interiors it felt so cozy and the food was amazing. Just go here. 10/5 lolConsistently amazing food here, especially the burger which is the best in the city in my opinion!We went to happy hour here and it was so good! The service was outstanding. The wine by the glass was a wonderful offering --I had sauvignon Blanc from bourdeaux  and it was delicious and paired beautifully with the escargot. The Manila clams were so good ! I went in stupidly thinking I could remain carb free,until the DELICIOUS focaccia came out then it was game over ! Enjoy !Forsythia is a lovely French restaurant located in Old City. The inside is romantic and cozy with a bohemian feel. The tables are appropriately spaced out with dividers to meet COVID restrictions. 
For the drinks, I tried the spring breaker and my friend got the perfect balance. Both were hits! As for the menu, they have a great selection with many interesting dishes. We ended up trying a number of the small dishes including the Escargot, Crab & Shallot Beignets, Rabbit Confit Stuffed Crepe, and Unagi Glazed Octopus. My favorites out of these were the rabbit crepe and the unagi octopus - they are must tries! You can skip the beignets though, they were rather underwhelming. Of the big dishes, we tried the crispy pork. This wasn't mind blowing so might opt for something else next time. Lastly, we finished with a chocolate dessert that was the perfect sweet end. 
Additionally, the service was excellent. Our waiters were very attentive and friendly. Overall, we had a really great time between the interesting modern-french food, lovely ambience, and good service. Will definitely be back!I feel lucky that Forsythia opened right before I came home for the few days I've been back in Philly! I first came Friday night, bringing my uncle when I heard that Chris Kearse had just opened a new restaurant. The meal was incredible, so I came back on Sunday bringing my mom and family friends with me. Both times, the food was outstanding!
I loved every dish, but if I were able to pick a few to recommend, they'd be the Wagyu beef carpaccio (the broccoli that comes with it is major yum), rohan duck (gosh, that slightly sweet cherry sauce tastes delicious with the duck), and kettle corn creme brulee (the dynamic between salty and sweet, as well as crunchy and smooth is a real treat).
The service is also fantastic - our large dishes were served slightly late, but we didn't mind because we weren't in a rush. However, we were pleasantly surprised when they brought out a complimentary dessert tower to express their apologies (so sweet! Pun 100% intended).
And I can't finish this review without saying something about Chef Kearse - he's incredibly talented and it's a real pleasure being able to try his creations. You can tell he cares a lot about the experience his guests have, from the food to the decor to the music (10/10 playlist!). You'll be sure to have a great time here if you visit. :-)I never ever leave bad reviews. And I think the lowest review I have ever left up until this point was a 3 star review but I had to come and review this place. I truly had a horrible experience. My waiter was incredibly rude the whole entire night to the point that I think she tried to be rude. I will say the presentation of the food was very pretty but the taste wasn't great at all. I was super duper excited to go here as the photos of the food looked amazing. But the taste was often too overpowering in the worst way. 
There is such an amazing food scene in philly and I highly highly recommend trying a different great Resturant insteadOverall, the food was very tasty and creative. Loved the agnolotti app and the sweet breads were great! Only reason it is not getting 5 stars is because every dish was very heavy and it didn't seem like any of their dishes offered were lighter. We left feeling overly full.If at all possible, before committing to dinner at a new or new to me restaurant, I like to give the place a once over during their happy hour. It's a way to save some money, check out the food, service and general ambiance then make a decision for future dining (or not) based on those 3 factors. 
I persuaded my chronically over worked friend Frank to knock off early on a Friday and join me for Forsythia's happy hour. We arrived at 4:27 p.m. and found their door unlocked and the servers just putting the finishing touches on things. We chose our seats at the spacious bar and took a look at the offerings for the 4:30 to 6:30 happy hour. Note-if you want to order off the regular dinner menu, you have to wait until 5 p.m.
The first person to serve us was a bartender with lilac colored hair. She was not at all friendly and acted like she was doing us a favor by deigning to take our drink orders. There is a nightly, bartender's choice cocktail for $10. I can't remember what this night's was called but we were told it was 'like a Stinger.' A traditional Stinger is creme de menthe and brandy or cognac and what we got was NOTHING remotely resembling this but it was tasty enough. In my experience, happy hour special cocktails are never very good and this thing was no exception.
We sipped our drinks and filled each other in on our week and while chatting, another bartender (male) joined in our conversation after first apologizing for 'interrupting.' Frank and I both laughed and reminded this gentleman (who we learned is named Tomas) that in Philly, if you are at a bar, in reality you are not just talking to your companion, you are talking to everyone at the bar. Tomas gave us some background about Forsythia, Chris Kearse, a spot I had just tried on Snyder, how he got the job at Forsythia, who he had worked with in the past and a run down on the happy hour menu. His expansive, welcoming demeanor and easy chatting style more than made up for the dour, lavender tressed woman who served us earlier. He made me feel like we were in for an enjoyable trial run of this place, which had not been my first impression. 
We ordered truffle & ham hock beignets, panisse with raclette cheese, beer battered cornichons and at Tomas's recommendation, the crispy pig tails. 
We were served gratis ciabatta bread with house made buttercream infused with maple. The butter was just barely sweet and we wiped the plate clean to be sure we got every bit of it. I would have loved warmed bread but then I'd love being independently wealthy, too. 
The canapes (as the menu calls them) were all unusual and extremely delicious; the only exception being the cornichons. They were not bad but the batter was not very crisp and they just tasted like limply breaded pickles. Pass on these. Tomas described the crispy pig tails as really good sweet and sour pork and that is what they were. Caveat-if you don't like finger food with bones that you need to pick up and nibble and gnaw, give these a pass. Otherwise, consider them a fun, toothsome and out of the ordinary appetizer. As it was now after 5 p.m., we also ordered the whole roasted hen of the woods mushroom with smoked ricotta, madeira and sumac. It was succulent and savory and I could have inhaled another one by myself. 
We were checked on and chatted up often enough to feel welcome but at no time was our bartender's conversation or attention invasive or unwelcome. Frank had another round of the happy hour cocktail and I opted for a Manhattan. Tomas asked me about liquor choices. I told him I trusted his judgement as a mixologist and suggested he take free reign with my drink. Shortly after, he served me the most subtle, smooth Manhattan I have ever had the pleasure of sipping in all my years of imbibing. When he asked, "how did I do?," I laughed and complimented him, adding that the road to Hell is paved with Manhattans just like the stellar one he'd mixed. 
By now the bar seats were all taken and Frank felt like he needed to get back to work, so we departed Forsythia and assured Tomas we'd be back again soon. 
My only complaint, and this has nothing to do with food or service, is draftiness from the front door. The door to the restaurant opens directly from the street, there is no foyer, and cold air rushes in each time the door is opened and chills ones back. Now that lower temperatures are here for several months, I hope Forsythia sees a way around this.Wow. Absolutely stunning. Where do I even begin? 
Forsythia is a treasure in Old Town. A gorgeous, bigger, more sophisticated, yet friendlier version of Chef Kearse's last restaurant (which was fabulous), Will BYOB.
We had so much food. The rigatoni was homemade and wonderful. The mussels were divine. The bread and butter was absolutely phenomenal! The scallops were the perfect entree and the thick-cut (I mean like french toast), yet soft and delicious french fries with blue cheese emulsion were to DIE for.  
Just go there. Order apps. Order entrees. Order drinks. Everything is perfect.Came here for dinner with friends a few weeks ago. The last time I was in the space it was a pizza and gelato spot. They have managed to completely redefine the space though- it's quite cozy now. We ordered a bunch of food and a few bottles of wine. The presentation was great- the service was almost too attentive, we started feeling as though they were rushing us, with various servers constantly at the table. I suppose it's better than feeling ignored. Lol. We could've been content with that amount of food- but the guys were tempted and decided on the lobster after seeing it at a nearby table. All in all everything was delicious. Can't wait to return and try some other dishes.Absolutely amazing!! *GF FRIENDLY! 
Being Gluten free it is always really hard to go out to eat. Our server Jeremy knew the ingredients in each item and made sure everything my boyfriend and I ordered was GF. 
If you enjoy an outstanding and tasteful experience, this restaurant is for you. The escargot was not slimy but cooked to perfection. All of the ingredients are high quality and extremely satisfying. Portions are perfectly crafted, and the timing of the entire experience was exceptional. 
If you are looking for a great new restaurant, make your reservation here.Forsythia is such a great spot! With a wonderful staff, tasty cocktails, a beautiful atmosphere, and delicious food, you really can't go wrong!
As far as the food goes, we've only been twice, but both visits in relatively short time saw us enjoying very different menus with the same excellent results! That type of constant change might annoy some people, but we love how different the menu was from one visit to the next! Especially when everything we've tried has been really good! If you want consistency, just know that whatever you order will likely be wonderful, and at the very least there's the amazing bread they serve at the beginning of the meal! I would single out dishes, but really, they're all on equal footing for the most part. From fish to meat, pasta to soups, the approachable, but elevated dishes have all continued to hit the spot. The cocktails are solid, and they have a nice little wine menu with some surprises, as well. It's not a cheap meal, but for the quality and execution, you're 100% getting what you pay for!
We also can't say enough about how friendly and knowledgeable their staff has been. From start to finish, everyone was very pleasant to deal with. You kind of get the feeling that the staff really enjoys being there, which provides a positive vibe to underline the rest of the experience. There's an authenticity to the excitement from the staff when they're describing dishes. That's hard not to get you excited for the food to come!
If you're looking for a cozy atmosphere that's good for a casual dinner or a date night, Forsythia really hits the spot, as well. We've sat up front and in the back dining area, and both provided an equally enjoyable mood. Nothing beats the front window, but atmosphere doesn't suffer in the back, either. 
Overall, Forsythia has won over some new regulars in my wife and I. It's such a great place for the neighborhood. It's not a cheap meal, but it's definitely on par (or better, quite frankly) with a lot of the nicer restaurants in the city, so it's hard to not steer people in Forsythia's direction when they seek recommendations.Absolutely delicious. Came here with my buddy to introduce him to more food and he was blown away also. We sat at the bar and the bartender serving us was awesome very friendly and caring. Unfortunately we never got his name. Would definitely visit againOk, I'm in the industry and on a rare Friday night off I took the wife to Chef Kearse's new spot. From the minute we got onto 95 I knew we were gonna be late, from the first call which received with a cheerful "no problem, see you when you get here!" to the gracious greeting by our server Brad's unique and awesome tableside manner, the GM and floor manager stopping by, Chef Kearse's personalizes birthday card to my wife (he spelled and accentuated her name Andrée correctly) to the special added touches amuse etc. WOW. 
I've cooked in some nice places and it's afforded me some vip treatment but the service here was, literally, in my humble opinion the best EVER. Not overbearing or stuffy, just like the food,  it was like eating at a friend's house. I could see Chef Kearse looking over periodically to see our progress. His exec sous brought one of the courses to the table to introduce himself as well as the GM and floor manager. 
Now the food. I love what he does with fresh herbs in the non traditional escargot and the clams. The foie was smooth as silk with perfectly toasted brioche. The spaghetti chitarra with shrimp butter delicate but hearty. The tuna collar, an easy protein to screw up was cooked perfectly, charred yet moist. Kettle corn creme brûlée with just the right nuance of corn. And the tiered dessert assiette an elegant end to an amazing night. Brad I expect you to make sure there's chamomile next time
Chef Kearse and his entire team back and front of house amazing.Recently had a date night with my husband at Forsythia. I was a fan of Will, and was looking forward to our meal here based on other reviews. 
We had a 7pm reservation - and this is probably the most disappointing part of the evening -- we arrived around 6:50 and were not seated until shortly after 7:30. When we arrived, the hostess told us that the table was being set up and suggested we wait a few minutes at the bar. (While we sat at the bar, I looked into the dining room and did not see any available tables.) Twenty minutes later we were told that the diners at our table just got their check and should be leaving soon. I'm sorry, but that is a very different explanation than "your table is being set up." 
Turns out we weren't the only ones who waited over half an hour for their "reservation" as the table next to us told us the same thing happened to them.
Anyhow - the food was fine. I think the late seating put a bad taste in my mouth and I wasn't quite able to shake it off.Awesome new spot in the middle of old city. Really nicely decorated and they didnt miss an inch.  The bar is long with lots of seating and looks luxurious.  All of the staff is very friendly and the owner walked around socializing with the guests. We tried a lot of the menu loving the short rib, duck and the scallops.  I forget the name of the specialty cocktails but my wife said they were a little sweet but still good.    Great restaurant with awesome service.    Will come back!Order the Foie gras from their Canapé (extra small plate) menu, it's the best! I can just keep eating it till full. The tempura frog leg is pretty good too, so is the hen of the woods (which is grill mushroom with cream). The service is good too. Overall meets my expectation.Had an amazing dinner here with a friend! Service is warm and attentive, the decor is beautiful, and the food is memorable. 
Definitely don't say no to the bread and butter they offer ;) the bread is freshly baked and the butter flavors change regularly. 
We shared the octopus, the foie gras, the hen of the woods, and the uni carbonara. 
Octopus is grilled, super tender and super flavorful with a great contrasting texture from the almonds. 
We loved the foie gras so much we asked for extra break to really scrape the jar clean :)
The hen of the woods is amazing. Slightly crispy texture on the outside with the softest tenderness on the inside. There's a smoky salt that adds an earthiness to it that makes me want to eat this everyday. 
Uni carbonara is creamy and a delicious comfort meal on a cold day. 
Will definitely be coming back!!! Also... they have happy hour 4:30-6:30pm!!Finally returned after a long year and a half of ups and downs (Covid, 2020, etc). The food is complicated and so is the staff. The same woman is still "managing" not only the restaurant but customers as well. There was yet another issue somewhere else in the dining room and the result was an almost a combative feeling during the meal. No thanks. There are too many places I'm anxious to try now that going out is possible again.One of the strangest dining experiences I've ever had.
Pros: 
The Owner / Chef, the busser and most of the staff were extremely friendly. Some of the food (Tasso Ham & Black Truffle Beignets & Roasted Monkfish) was absolutely fantastic. The cocktail composure / wine was great.
Cons: 
The food was wildly inconsistent (Philly Style Clam Chowder had more sand in the clams than the AC Boardwalk, Parisian Gnocchi was mostly salt, Crab Imperial Stuffed Trout was cooked well but the crab meat was dry (sitting under the heat lamp?).
Meal pacing was non-existent. We arrived 5 minutes before our reservation and ordered our drinks / full meal during our first server interaction. The drinks took 5 minutes to appear and the appetizers 35ish minutes (no one came by during this period we just sat with empty glasses) this somehow lead to the server trying to speed up the meal (Which given the current restrictions make sense BUT it was the kitchen's slow delivery of the food throughout the meal that extended the dining time.)
The bad:
Things fell apart while we were finishing the main course, everything up until this point was fine and honestly I would usually chalk it up to a place that's not for me. The server kept coming to the table. I assumed this was an attempt to make up for the choppiness at the beginning of the meal....how wrong I was.
We ordered desert (Caramelized Plum Upside Down Cake...so bad) and two drinks. Our server inexplicably took the order and came right back with our  drinks, no desert and the bill (which included the desert). When they came back we showed them on the bill that we were charged for the dessert. She didn't apologize just shrugged and said "you did order dessert" walking away while leaving the check on table. She came back with the dessert quickly  but she could have said "Let me grab that" or literally anything so we weren't as confused. 
We paid the bill while eating desert and the total bill came out to $186 and we tipped $40. We ordered an Uber to head out (~6 minutes wait time) and the same server came to the table and began picking up dishes / cleaning. Out of normal decency we said we ordered the Uber and will be out of her way in a minute.
She responded with "There's heat lamps outside for you to wait at, there's other people waiting for the table........"
I'm fine with time limits on tables, I'm fine with mistakes on entering food or bringing them to to the table. It's unacceptable for every course to come out late, forget items but still charge for them and end it with "get out" when 99% of the mistakes were on the restaurant.Forsythia offers creative, delicious food in an elegantly modern setting. The corn and truffle beignets, duck breast, and chocolate mousse were all great. They also have really good wines by the glass. Service was friendly and attentive. All-in-all a great meal.Excellent experience all around.  
First, the space.  It has a chic French feel without feeling stuffy or pretentious.  It's warm and inviting and bustling without being too loud.  Really really loved the vibe and the decor.  It feels very Paris, in the way that makes you want to come back again and again.
Drinks - delicious, well crafted.  Next time, I want to sit at the bar for drinks and dessert.  Loved the feel of the bar. 
Food - everything was delicious and beautifully presented.  Well balanced flavors in every dish.  We loved everything we ate.  Duck, scallops, Manila clams, hen of the woods mushrooms.  We didn't have time for dessert as our parking was expiring.  Definitely next time.
Serviced - we looooved our waitress.  Knowledgeable, friendly, fun.Met a friend here for happy hour. We both got the cocktail of the day and a glass of wine, both of which were good. The cocktail was too sweet to have more than one in my opinion. Loved the decor and the ambiance. Staff was also sweet. We sat at the bar. The cauliflower and oysters were excellent. The crab omelette fell way short and the dessert was just ok. Would like to go back for a real dinner at some point but it'll have to wait for a special occasion; it's a bit spendy.Wandered by on a Sunday evening in search of dessert and cocktails for my birthday. Everyone else in the area had already closed their kitchens. Upon hearing our quest they immediately sat us and not only brought out the amazing cheesecake we ordered but two other items on the house. What a place! Food was delicious and the after dessert drink with coffee was wonderful. Thanks for the awesome service!!I took my boyfriend (Chris) to Forsythia for his birthday, and we were blown away by the whole experience. Our server, Rito, was so funny and helpful. He gave us great suggestions for which wine to pair with our meal, and was able to describe some of the entrees that we had questions about. The complimentary bread and homemade butter is enough of a reason to dine here. I ordered the English Pea Soup as my first course, and Chris had the Caratelli Alla Arrabbiata. Both were very good. For our main course, Chris had the Skate Wing and I ordered the Cod en Croute. We split the Honey Roasted Sweet Potatoes, which were so sweet, they almost tasted like dessert. We both really enjoyed our meals.
Since I told the restaurant it was Chris's birthday ahead of time, they brought us a complimentary drink to start the evening, and then finished it off with one of their desserts (I think it was cheesecake... the menu has since changed). Overall, Forsythia exceeded our expectations and we cannot wait to return for our next celebration.Set in an unassuming part of Old City, it's a real gem. It's a romantic setting but not over the top. I like that the tables aren't packed close together like some other spots. And the view of the open kitchen just gives it a special vibe. 
The drink menu has a few cocktails, the choice of Scotch was lacking, but there's an extensive wine list. 
The food menu is a clean easy read, with just enough options to not overwhelm. The portion sizes are perfect and the food is equisite. There wasn't a thing I didn't enjoy. The desserts were also good (yes i tried all 3... stop the judging! ) 
As for service, Seth was the best server I've ever had. He even entertained my bad sense of humor. I wish I could take him everywhere.We've been wanting to dine here since the first day they opened and glad finally made it! Just order whichever dish on the menu and you won't go wrong. I love Foie Gras, clams and rabbit! The sweet purple potato agnolotti was unique, but the lamb was a little too salt. Chocolate bonchon was so balanced. Will definitely one back and try other dishesHad a wonderful dinner here last weekend with my friends who were visiting from DC. The party at the table before us lingered a bit, but the general manager took great care of us. Everything from the decor to the service to the food were exceptional. Definitely worth a visit!All I can say is everything about Forsythia is amazing! One of my favorite dining experiences that I can remember, everything we ordered was out of this world. The ambience and service was top notch. I love a meal that I can enjoy over a length of time and we were able to sit and enjoy our several courses over the period of two hours. The drinks and wine were spectacular. My husband and I were talking about the next time we could return before we fInished paying the bill!I am writing this review strictly based off how amazing the Parisian Gnocchi was! 11/10 would HIGHLY Recommend! It was surely the highlight of my night. This is definitely a fine dining experience you should indulge in at least once. The servers are professional and super knowledgeable. I tried the Escargot (8/10), Steamed Mussels (7/10), and Roasted Monkfish (7/10). I also tried and loved two diff cocktails; cocktail #6 and a fortunate situation. Lovely drinks and they did not skimp on the liquor. The restaurant was following social distancing guidelines and I appreciated that. Overall I would recommend this for a date night, anniversary, or romantic night out. The ambiance is very cozy and indulging.Holy moly, this place was absolutely delicious. The appetizer and entrees are unique and creative. The service was attentive and encouraging. 
Regarding cocktails, I had the RBG&T, and I can't stop thinking about it! It was refreshing and smooth. 
During happy hour, we have 1/2 oyesters, beignets, and fresh bread. 
For the main course, we shared the sweet potato pasta with yams (a true delight that I left thinking about), the mussels and picked uni (must-try), the duck, and the rabbit stew. 
The desserts were a skip for me, the multi layered coconut cake and the chocolate cake we ordered did not compare the everything else we ate there. 
My car got towed while I was dining, and the experience was a net neutral because I enjoyed this meal so much. 
I will definitely be back!I 1000% recommend going here. I had an absolutely lovely meal. It is a fancier french restaurant, so just remember you're not paying fast casual prices. Everything is beautiful inside decor wise. 
We got a very large meal. My favorites were the escargot and the beignets. The beignets were the best ones I have ever had. The scallops were cooked to perfection. Everything down to the bread was delicious. It wasn't that busy of a night we got to chat with our server Seth who is awesome, and has great recommendations for cocktails / wine to go with each course and didn't make me feel like horribly out of place when I spilled my digestif.  We got to meet the chef and he is a very sweet talented guy. 
The cheese cake and ice-cream / sorbet combo dessert were both members of the clean plate club. 
We were celebrating an anniversary, and we rolled out of here.This restaurant and Chef Chris Kearse are amazing. The food was excellent and I was surprised by the appearance and plating of each dish I had. I went for restaurant week, the smoked trout rillette was so good, and the little onions that came with were so tasty. The restaurant week panna cotta desert was so good and refreshing, such a perfect end to the meal. I'd definitely recommend that desert being put on the menu full time. Had a specialty cocktail and a glass of Sauvignon blanc, both paired with my meal choices perfectly. I LOVED the decor and layout of the restaurant, it's very different from his last restaurant Will. It doesn't get too loud in there which is always nice and hard to find in Philly in my opinion.Had an absolutely fabulous dinner. Greeted by very personable hostess.  Sat at the bar for appetizers and drinks before dinner.  We ordered all of the appetizers offered for happy hour. Did not disappoint. Everything was delicious and different.  The wait staff explains everything so you know exactly what you are eating.  We then moved on to dinner.  All great but my dinner companion let me taste his chicken dish. It was so moist and tender it was a revelation.  I highly recommend this restaurant if you to be a little adventurous.My homie who brought me here was hyping this place up, so I knew it was going to be bomb, everything was super fresh. I was super crazy about any of the dishes thou except for the Beignets. The sauce was poppin' other than that everything was pretty goodGreat French inspired food. The menu online is slightly different from what is currently available (cocktails and meal components), so an update is needed. We opted for outdoor dining, and it was positioned in a way where there is no foot traffic which is great. This is a fairly new restaurant, with beautiful plating serving some french classics with a twist. On to the food.
Drinks: Presently Waiting and Sunday Driver. Both were delicious, but the presently waiting was one of the best drinks that I've ever had. 
Appetizers- Herb Ricotta Gnudi and Tomato Tartine. The gnudi was textbook, with a delicious Cacio e Pepe sauce. They offer complimentary bread with some amazing lime honey butter, and thankfully I saved a few pieces to sop up the leftover sauce. The Tomato Tartine was also excellent. The tomato jam, bright multi colored tomatoes and avocado cream went well together.
Entrees- Rohan Duck and Pocono Trout. The duck was cooked perfectly with a great crust, served with green lentils and blueberries. The trout was pretty good, it was really light, fish was flakey and the almond butter foam was great. The wax beans and micro greens fell flat though. The exterior of the bean was tough, and the micro greens didn't do much for the dish. 
Dessert- Chocolate Torte and Angel Cake. The torte was stellar! It had a nice fudgy consistency, like a molten chocolate cake cooked a bit too long (not in a bad way). The passion fruit curd helped cut the richness. The Angel Cake dessert was the lesser of the two. Serving both a light and tart mango sorbet and creamy and heavy buttermilk icecream was not my preference, although on their own they tasted great. The actual sponge cake was just ok.
Overall:
Presently Waiting 5/5
Sunday Driver 4/5
Herb Ricotta Gnudi 5/5
Tomato Tartine 5/5
Rohan Duck 4/5
Pocono Trout 3/5
Chocolate Torte 5/5
Angel Cake 3/5This place was great.  The restaurant has a decent amount of space between people which is nice to see
But let's talk food. I had the escargot, crab beignets, unagi octopus, wagyu beef brisket. Overall each dish is full of flavor with unique pairings of ingredients for me. 
My only critique would be that the wagyu beef brisket had a big fat pocket which was significant in the meat. Not the typical equal marbling that's seen in wagyu.
Overall great experience, would be excited to come back to try some other concoctions! Thank you Seth for your attentivenessFood was fine. Not spectacular. Server was fine but a bit pretentious for a B- level establishment (this is no Michelin star restaurant) and definitely tried to upsell. Ambiance was fine. However, the general manager will be the single reason we will never return to this restaurant. She was sarcastic... rude... condescending... and absolutely could not have cared less about making our dining experience memorable. It was like she was barely tolerant of the fact that we were  supporting the establishment that pays her salary. We were with another couple and neither wanted to make the other feel uncomfortable so we tolerated this inexcusable behavior. When we finished our meal, we all agreed we should have simply walked out after the first of several sarcastic comments from her. Our visit was our first and definitely our last!Had a fantastic meal at Forsythia last night. Great service and delicious food. Had about 6 dishes between the two of us which ended up being the perfect amount. The true stand out dish for us was the Angolotti. I will be dreaming of that dish for a very. long. time. The mussels and the panisse were very close runners up!With the Covid numbers going in the wrong direction again, Philly restaurants have been pretty much shut down except for Outdoor dining and Take Away.  We went for the latter and thoroughly enjoyed our choices. From the Mushroom Tartine to the Short Ribs with Parsnip purée and the Seared Scallops with Pearl
Pasta, everything was delicious.  
Although there's nothing like actually being there, this is a great way to still be able to enjoy their cuisine.Definitely a foodie-find.  Thanks to Moore Brothers for mentioning in one of their wine ads sitting Friday morning in my inbox.  A lovely contemporary bistro indeed. 
Service was impeccable from the hostess through the manager and even more professional, helpful and kind was our server, Leon.  I'd have to say the service was as good as any top ten restaurants in the city.
The food wasn't too shabby either.
We started with the Hen of the woods.  A whole roasted maitake mushroom, with smoked ricotta, madeira and sumac was a great start to share.  The ricotta a little too smokey so you had to balance it exactly with the madeira to get the desired combination and match the expectations of this divine foodie dish.
There was a sweet potato agnolotti special pasta of the evening, super sweet and very delish.  With the accompanying lamb neck ragu, so tender, so savory, this was a winner.
The rabbit cassoulet was good.  But this choice kept me from the cherished 5th star.  Too much salt...one of my pet peeves.  The rabbit was tender, not quite fall off the bone.  The beans and surrounding fat in the crock needed a stir, the base was separating.  And one of the sausages was very gamey tasting.  It may have been as desired for some, but not my fave.  Sorry, Chef.
A real nice French Press ended the night perfectly.  A great find in old city.  I shall return.Beautiful place to celebrate a graduation. Seth made us feel so special and appreciated. Highly recommend this delicious restaurant.I was looking forward to trying Forsythia and it didn't disappoint.  For a relatively small space, the restaurant seems roomy and airy and not overcrowded like some city dining experiences can feel. I like that the main dining area is in the back and doesn't feel on top of the bar area. 
Dined here during restaurant week and all of our choices from the prefix menu were delicious. I had all vegetarian options of panisse, roasted cauliflower and pasta. The panisse and cheese were paired well and the cauliflower with the avocado mixture left me wanting more. The rigatoni has a really good flavor without being heavy and covered in sauce or cream. 
Staff was friendly and very attentive. Overall a very nice dinner experience.First of all, the food, the food , the food! Christopher Kearse is doing things in the kitchen you would never dream were even possible. The tempura frogs legs and the foie gras were the best I've ever had, by far. The Foie, in particular, would've made my night if we had chosen to stop there. But we certainly did not. The octopus and the hen of the woods were, again, just mind-blowing. The duck a l'orange was absolutely beautiful. I've been accused of having a favorite meal and it is duck. I can admit that I have now found my favorite of favorites.
I've hesitated writing this review for a week or so because there were a couple of off-putting things that happened to diminished our experience a bit. As the hostess was greeting us and checking our reservation we witnessed a woman who we found out was a manager, actually berating a customer. It was quite awkward and the hostess seemed to be cringing as well. This is our first impression of the restaurant? We tried to brush it off and forget about it. But during our meal the same manager was fawning over a table of women seated next to us. She may have been the drunkest one at the table. She lingered there for a good part of our meal! It was hard to ignore and, quite honestly, unprofessional and embarrassing. 
Our server was extremely knowledgeable and attentive and we ordered a bottle of wine on her recommendation. But it took 25 minutes to get to the table. I've never waited longer for a bottle of wine. Ever. It was obvious that our server was also waiting for the wine to appear. 
Regardless, I will, I must go back to Forsythia for the food.4/5 Food. The plating is beautiful and they're all so picture worthy. The lighting is definitely a bit hard for food, but it's for the great ambiance. The taste of the dishes was not as good as we thought they would be. We also ordered several mocktails/cocktails and did not enjoy them as much as we thought we would. I ordered #6 and the Chronic Tonic (this one tasted like pesto + water). We ordered the escargot, unagi glazed octopus, and rabbit confit stuffed crepe for our small plates. The escargot is good if you dip the bread with it! We thought the bread that comes when you order was a bit too oily to be eaten on its own. 
PLEASE get the Crispy Pork though! It is the BEST dish there. I would definitely come back for it. 
5/5 Ambiance. It is BEAUTIFUL inside-- the decorations are gorgeous! Even the bathroom have scented candles.
5/5 Service. Our waitress was AMAZING. She was very attentive, sweet, and gave us the best service.We knew this was a new place so were taking a chance, but were drawn to the menu. This place did not disappoint. Loved the shareable plates, fun and friendly service, inventive dishes, and overall decor and mood. Our waiter, Seth, took awesome care of us and even sent us home with brown butter madeleines! 10/10 would come back. Ps. You've GOTTA try the Lamb's Neck Pasta!!If you cried because Will was closing, you can dry your eyes now. (We totally cried.) Forsythia is super-delicious. 
We had dinner there last Saturday (ridiculously-early because it was hard to book!) and found a generous menu that's in keeping with what you know and loved from Will, but an inventive step beyond with a lot more choices. The space itself is beautiful--clean, bright, floral in an un-fussy, garden-y sort of way. The waitstaff is knowledgable and personable (and copious!). The cocktails are fun and the wine list is lovely and varied, meaning there is a taste and price point for everyone. We can't wait to watch how the menu evolves through the seasons. 
This was a beautiful meal. We looked around and everyone seemed so very happy with their food and their experience. I know that's weird, but it matters. Congratulations to the chef on this new place. It's really great.We've always had delicious meals here, but this review is to let people know that the takeout is equally tasty. We ordered appetizers, drinks, a main course and a dessert and everything was mouth-wateringly good. Food was ready slightly early, which was perfect, and came with all kinds of accompaniments, including some of the best bread we've ever had. We'll definitely do this again!Love this Old City neighborhood gem!  Food is creative and delicious, and the staff incredibly accommodating.  The Early Spring menu is out - escargot was unique and incredible, cod perfectly cooked and crispy pork was amazing.  Went with friends and they will be back, too!  Thanks to Jennifer and Tomas for making the evening special!Love this place!  Creative, delicious food, great service, great managed business.  Highly recommended!!!!Finally went for my girlfriend's birthday and we had a wonderful time!
The restaurant itself is stunning- the bar back group is a deep jade and the main dining area is beautifully decorated with mesmerizing floor tile.
The food is all delicious- highly recommend the foie gras and the lamb. I love that you never get the same menu twice as the chef makes updates as the seasons change.
If you're looking to impress on a date night, look no further.This restaurant is a real disappointment. The tempura frog leg might not look great from the picture, but it tasted even worse: NO flavor at all. The escargot was ordinary and the Cassoulet was too salty. Hen Of The Woods tasted like a side in an entree, with the main thing missing. The sauce and the skin of the duck were ok (meaning acceptable but not good), but the meat was way too dry.
an interesting fact: the waiter touched the floor and then the breadForsythia's newly relocated restaurant truly represents the best of the Philadelphia food scene. The interior is chic, cozy, and minimalist, with dark yet warm lighting and light music in the background. The menu is full of small plates, almost like French tapas. The service was excellent, and the wait staff was clearly well-versed in the menu and pairings. The plates were small (even the items identified as larger on the menu), so expect to spend over $50 a person, and more if you want a meat plate (which I highly recommend). If you appreciate innovative New American cuisine, you will enjoy this place. If you are looking for a hearty and filling meal, I would look elsewhere.
Regarding what I sampled:
The meal comes with freshly backed ciabatta and focaccia, served with seasonal buttercream (maple when I went). Clearly made fresh, though I would like if the bread were served slightly warmed on a cold fall day. 
The smoked trout rillette was very good and well-priced. I do wish there had been a bit more smokiness to the fish given the naming of the dish. It would benefit with a bit more puffed rice given the quantity of rillette.
The Hen of the Woods small plate is a rare treat for a mushroom lover like myself. The smoked ricotta was a perfect complement to the deep umami of the mushroom, though I could have gone with a smaller amount of the sweet sauce, or perhaps it would have been better as a glaze to the mushroom. It was my highlight dish of the evening, and is a must-try.
The pasta dishes are small, I tried the cacio e pepe after finishing the rest of dinner. The pasta was freshly house-made, and the cheese was sharp. It could have used less salt in the butter sauce, and more cheese, but was fantastic nonetheless. 
I tried the Rohan Duck, which seemed the like standout on the meat entrée section of the menu. It was fruity and well-balanced, and the wood-ear mushroom was a very nice touch. As a mushroom fan, I would like to see the mushrooms featured more distinctly in the dish, rather that topping the duck and covering them. The duck was crispy and well-done, though I would have preferred to have the option to have it a bit less crispy if it meant a juicier duck.
The cheesecake dessert was absolutely scrumptious, my second favorite dish after the Hen of the Woods. The sorbet was deep in the distinctive flavor of Concord grapes, reminding me of Manischewitz in the best possible way. The cheesecake was light and flavor, and the toppings gave it an enjoyable contrast in texture.
Overall, for those that enjoy creative cuisine with an emphasis on complementary flavors and fresh ingredients, Forsythia is a must-try. It will be one of my main restaurants to show out-of-towners the best of the Philly dining culture.Went for a galentines dinner with my girls. The portion of the food were told to be shared amongst the three of us. We ordered the foie gras toast and crab and leek beignets as a starter. I wish they gave us more bread for the foie gras. Then we had the surf and turf and squid octopus, which was amazing! The uni carbonara got me craving for more pasta since it wasn't a big portion. We also got the sunchokes which has a potato flavor with a cauliflower appearance. The duck was okay to me since the other girls ate the side cuts. More skin than meat tbh but the plating was pretty.We reserved a birthday dinner and was welcomed with a customized menu for our table. We ordered several sides to share including the seafood bouillabaisse, braised short ribs, cauliflower, beignets, rigatoni, pommes anna (see picture), and ended with a chocolate dessert dish. We had excellent service and the most delicious time. The timing of the dishes were well executed. I highly recommend for dinner.I had heard that Forsythia was amazing but didn't get to try going there until recently. I loved the cozy and stylish ambiance. The server was really friendly. The food and flavors were delicious! Can't wait to go back again.Wow - what a fantastic dinner!  Although it was Restaurant Week and that menu looked good, their regular menu looked even better.
From the Truffle & Ham Hock Beignets, to the Escargot, to the Pig Tails, each one was outstanding.  The whole roasted Hen Of The Woods Mushrooms with Smoked Ricotta, Madeira and Sumac is something not to be missed.
We ordered 2 entrees, the first being the Uni Carbonara with Pancetta, Uni  and Pecorino.  Amazing.  At this point we knew we would not be able to eat much more and asked that our 2nd entree be packaged for us to take home.  So for tonights dinner we will be having the Braised Rabbit with Black Truffle Cassoulet and Rabbit Boudin.  I'm sure it will be just as amazing as the rest of the meal.
The complimentary Cupcake and glass of Sparking Rose was a nice Happy Birthday surprise.
With 2 drinks, before tip, the bill came to around $156.  Not inexpensive but well worth another visit.Truly a five star experience. So happy to have Chef Chris in the hood! Last night was our first visit but won't be last.  For starters, decor is warm, inviting, perfect....sort of country French.  Bar mixed superb cocktails. Wonderful Manhattan.  Very well curated wine list with many great French selections fairly priced. The Rhône tasted like it's more expensive Chateuneuf cousin! Fantastic! Great service and knowledgeable wait staff! Started with fois gras which my partner was in heaven over. Salmon crudo light delicate and beautiful.  The cauliflower, OMG, loved loved the Indian seasoning, charred exterior yummy soft inside.  Just wonderful.  I had the short ribs which I could not finish...incredibly lean and well cooked ( actually almost too dry).  Partner had the duck breast...loved it although he would've preferred it more rare.  Wonderful dessert that was a cheesecake type offering that I cannot adequately describe but was wonderful with a small scoop of delightful ice cream. The real treat was being able to see chef working his magic in the kitchen The current menu has so many more offerings than when Forsythia opened and we really loved it.  So many wonderful options.  We have to go back! Kudos to Chef Kearse.  Great location across from a Museum of American Revolution makes it great choice for tourists also.What a great place. Unique bar menu but with some great classics. Food was terrific. Cool vibe.This is my new favorite restaurant.  The sunchokes were delicious, the rabbit was great,  lots of great dishes but the ambiance was great and Christopher Kearse truly an artist in creating a wonderful menu.