Soooo we just went there and sat at the table for 20minutes!!!! No server came so we walked outA slightly more upscale sports bar this place feels cozy and there's nothing dingy about it - good lighting, good ambience, and lots of TVs! With both of my visits being on Wednesday evenings I can vouch it draws quite the crowd for quizzo so arrive early! Beer list is lengthy but by Philly standards could probably be better for a sports bar. I haven't tried the food yet, but after nights out with a solid size group I can say I didn't hear any complaints! Good place for quizzo, casual dinner with friends, or catching a sports game.This bar might as well be in KOP mall. It feels sterile in there like when you walk into any Starbucks anywhere and they all pretty much look the same. There's WAY too many tables in there as well making it hard to get from the door to the bar or bar to bathroom. If its a sports bar I'm looking for than (I can't believe I'm saying this) I would rather be at fox and hound. They have more room, flat screens and cheaper better beer. Food at either place sucks overall anyway..bartender Jess was the only reason I'd be back to founding fathers again. I'm a bob and barbs kinda guy anyway so I'll just continue to eat at home and drink where they don't charge me $10 a glass from a bottle that costs $13 at the wine store.Awesome food and service but the staff brings in obnoxious...and loud friends.  They act like they own the bar and will not stop talking to you.  It's a good place for you and your "boys" but don't expect to feel comfortable here if you're a female.This will probably be my Sunday football spot again in 2016. They have a great TV setup, good beer selection and a pretty fantastic menu. They appear to cover most of the NFL games on one of their many TVs so its a must if you're a fan. Can't wait for football season to begin.Honestly my husband and I go to this awesome place twice a week and have NEVER had a bad experience. The nachos and wings are out of this world. The service is always friendly and quick. Very clean and cool atmosphere.  Just go... And enjoy!Would give 5 but what about Wifi???? How am I supposed to snapchat selfies of how good I look without cell phone service or wifi? On the bright side, right around the cornerSo this place has bad mixed drinks and wine. If you want to watch the game and drink some beer and be fratty then come here. Not my cup of tea, but this is probably a great environment for someone elseThe beer is on point here. Good selection, normal prices. The seating is virtually all high tops, so don't expect anything too comfy if you're wanting to stay a while. 
The food... nicely presented but for the price, small serving and bland. The fries were soggy, which made me think the oil was not hot enough. I ordered the fish and chips, and for $14 I received three very small pieces of fried cod with a tasteless beer batter. It wasn't bad, but with such a bland fish you need to step up the flavor.  This dish needed more butter, salt, and pepper. My dining companions both ordered $10 sandwiches.... and received hotdogs with mustard. No extra toppings such as sauerkraut or relish. While good, they were disappointed as they expected something more than what they could produce at your standard poolside BBQ. 
Besides this, the service was friendly. It seems like people enjoy working there and the hostess was quick to accommodate our request to sit within view of a game we wanted to watch. Tweak the recipes and edit the menu descriptions so people enjoy and know what they're getting and they'll be good to go.Had a few drinks here. Beer selection was decent. Bar was packed and a very tight space (hi-tops were very tightly placed), and was standing room only (football playoffs, but not for Eagles). Much like many other places in Philly (byobs) there wasn't much attempt to deaden the noise, and it was extremely noisy in the place (think double-wide row home, whitewashed walls, 120 people with standing-room-only in a pretty tight space). It might be fine for a random Saturday afternoon sitting at the bar when it's quiet, but I would avoid it otherwise. I'm not a fan of Fox & Hound, but sometimes it does the trick, and at this point I would actually recommend F&H over this place.Great place - we went for the Penn State game last weekend, and the host was really friendly and helpful, setting up our party of 10-12. The food was solid and the beers were diverse, including a lot of the craft/local staples. There are TVs all over the place, so there isn't really a bad seat. They also control the crowds pretty well, so it doesn't deteriorate into an over-crowded hellhole (a la Fox and Hound) when it gets busy.
Overall, we were totally impressed and had a great time!With a named like Founding Fathers, I pictured a rustic interior, busts of all our great Patriots and perhaps the staff even dressed in 1776 garbs...
That wasn't the case. To my surprise (and disappointment), this is actually a rather large chain and run of the mill sports bar. That said, the layout and design are thoughtful, staff incredibly nice and attentive (probably the best in all of Philly) and the food is definitely on par. Checks were easily split amongst all 13 people at the table, which shocked me (Philly seems very hung up on only having 1 check per table...join the 21st century people).
They offer a 1/2 off special on Mon-Fri from about 3-6:30 on all apps!!! Definitely worth going just for that. The nachos, though completely average, were great and well portioned. I'll admit that they could have been spread out way better to ensure a more even smattering of toppings, but at $4 on special, I won't complain too much. I didn't order a drink, but the list was quite extensive and everyone was raving about their Not Your Grandma's Rootbeer (it's spiked).
I would happy go back any day, providing it's from 3-6:30Had a nice time here this Sunday afternoon. We walked in and sat at the bar, kindly asked for the channel to be switch to the game we wanted to watch and waitress kindly obliged. I'd like to say it was pretty low key and not too busy which was nice.  Good beers and we had a fantastic bowl of Putine!! Thanks for the great service, game, food and beer.Went to Founding Fathers when the Eagles were playing, the atmosphere was awesome and very friendly/welcoming. This is the place to be, also very family friendly opposed to some sports bars! The service was fantastic even when our waitress was flat out, always checking in to see how we were.. so attentive and welcoming (I forget her name, lovely young blonde lady). My partner and I shared the chicken nachos, they were delicious and massive. The price was very reasonable and we would definitely go back. Go Eagles!Great place!! Awesome atmosphere especially on game day. The staff is incredible, always friendly. I would give 5 stars but I think they should improve the menu options. The food is ok but I think it could be better. There's not a blind spot in the whole place!Aweful service. The staff here are morons. Slow as can be, seating takes forever and they don't know the menu. The food is pretty good too, but I just can't go back because the staff is so incompetent.It was a good place for a light dinner and some drinks. 
But they kept trying to turn off the World Cup game. How can you turn off the AMERICAN NATIONAL TEAM at a place called FOUNDING FATHERS. 
And the service is slow. 
But the people were nice and food was good.Best sports bar in Philly. Chicken sandwich is unreal. Only reason no 5 stars. They put cheddar cheese on a pulled pork BBQ sandwich. That's just a travesty. Otherwise awesome placeI did a little bar hopping for the football games yesterday. Ended up here to watch the Dallas game and finally eat some food.
My first impression, what a great place
To watch the games.
I loved the atmosphere. Very detailed down to the bathrooms!
Big TV's all over as well.
(I-phone chargers at every bar seat)
We sat at the bar and ordered a bunch of appetizers.  
Nachos..delish!
Crab and spinach dip.. Delish!
Quesadillas... Delish!
The people next to me had the lamb burger and sliders which I wish I ordered had I not stuffed my face with all the apps. It looked SO good! 
The bartender was friendly and made me the best "old fashioned" I have ever had.
I will definitely be coming back to Founding Fathers! Except next time I will bring more of my friends!Good beer selection and food options. They even had some seitan options for us vegetarians. I like be watching games here on Sunday's or drinks sitting outside in the summertime. Great amount of space and seating inside. Several large screen tvs so definitely a casual sports bar vibe.Big fan of this place, since grand opening I have made a visit almost once a week - the atmosphere is great and laid back and happy hour pricing is very good.  Since they are new, they are testing new menu items which is amazing! I love the revolving menu since I am always wanting to try new things.  I love their nachos most of all, very fresh chips and delicious ingredients.  Last week the special was BBQ quesadilla, so naturally I asked for the BBQ pork on my nachos, and it was AMAZING!!! best decision ever.  Flatbreads were delicious, and poutine was very good as well, one of my friends had a burger and did mention it was just OK, I personally did not try it.  We've always had a great experience, sometimes of course better than others when the bartenders are super chatty.After multiple attempts to eat at this bar over the past year nothing has changed. Horrific customer service!!!! It's unfortunate because the food is pretty good. Hostess sat playing with her hair for 15 mins when there were clearly 3 tables available for my husband and I. Another 15 minutes went by before a waiter actually came over. Turns out nothing is Gluten Free - the kitchen uses the same oven. We walked out in disgust. Management needs to get their act together regarding their customer service experience or this bar won't be here much longer.The food is poor. I'll start there. The three of us went in last week for a game. One doesn't expect Michelin stars at a sports bar, but this is Philadelphia--one of the better restaurant towns in the US. If you live in the city, you've come to expect more. This is about Applebee's level for center city restaurant prices. 
The pizza is a notch above what you'd buy in the supermarket to heat up at home, and I'm not convinced that it's not exactly that. Salads are sad, wilted things, with strange dressings. The wings are passable, but the gelatinous sauce would get worse by the minute as they cool down. You could always do a few shots before eating, though, which could help. 
Then the service. There is "cool sports bar," and then there is awkward and cold, which is what I found here. The waitstaff was not well informed on the menu or the drink selection. 
I'm amazed this place is open until 2am. I hope they stay in business, but they're not of the quality of other local businesses (except maybe the also awkward and not very good "Miles Table." It's an up and coming neighborhood, and maybe Founding Fathers will find the constitution to improve (see what I did there?)3.5. Large sports bar with plenty of t.v.s. Really nice bartenders and servers. Shout out to Chris among others. Have eaten here a few times. Just average imho.  Prices seem reasonable and they offer an extensive beer menu. Nice neighborhood addition.The food was decent (grilled cheese, sliders, soup and fries) and reasonably priced. Our waitress was really nice. Our biggest complaint was that when the Eagles game came on, they turned the volume up so high that we couldn't converse with the person sitting just across the table. We had to leave at half time because the noise level was so unbearable.Lots of TVS for any kind of hoops game you could want. Gets a pretty good college b-ball crowd.
They have a decent draft list as well as a few good menu items. The French fries are pretty good.So this place isn't somewhere that's going to knock your socks off, but for a sports bar I would say it's a koch above the rest. Nachos are good, pizza was ehhh, beer selection was great. They have Wed quizzo which is fun, but have a genius or jeopardy pal to lean on or partner up with. This place is great for the spring because all of the front windows open so your practically  sitting outside.Service is bush league! Food is sub par at best. They have lots of tvs. That's pretty much the only plus. Write down your orders!My veggie burger was so oily. Every bite of the veggie layer exudes greases... ugh it was wet with oils yike!!! Their food presentation in general was good thoughStopped in for a late lunch & was quite satisfied!!! Aubrey greeted us with a great attitude & a huge smile!! The restaurant was clean & Rudy. The atmosphere was great as well. 
Now...the food...AMAZING!!! The jerk chicken taquitos had just the right spiciness. They didn't leave me thirsty as hell. Lol. The sweet potato fries were cooked right as well. Had to bring the rest home because I couldn't even finish them all. Of course my margarita was on point too. 
I'll be back (in my terminator voice)This is based off of dining here early and got happy hour. Ordered the korean wings for half off ($5). Got 10 wings that were well sized. Now the menu said "spicy" but it was just a mere kick of spice and it was not korean flavored at all. But for the price it filled me up. The interior was nice and had plenty of seats around 5:30 pm. The service was good and everything came out in a timely manner. I would come here again for happy hour.Great place to watch a game. Not a bad seat in the house with the amount of TV's. Food delicious and the rotating beer selection is pretty nice as well. There is a lot to choose from!Made reservations for six to eat and catch the UNC / Duke basketball game...at least I thought I did. When  I called ahead, someone took my reservation for six with my name and phone number. Needless to say, I was quite disappointed to learn there was no record of it.  Despite this initial setback, my group was able to grab a high top for six and I'm not lying when I say there isn't a bad seat in the house. 
The neutral paint colors and subtle wall paper designs allow for ultimate concentration on the game you're there to see.  
Food was better than I've had at most sports bars. One order of Truffle Parmesan fries were enough to go around, or maybe we were just being polite. Tried my first fried pickle at this establishment. Was a evening to remember...minus the heels loss. :-/I'm giving Founding Fathers 5 stars strictly based on service. I visited on a Wednesday night for quizzo and was served by Aubrey. Although she had many tables since the whole bar was full, she didn't keep us waiting for anything and was extremely attentive with a great personality. 
The food was delicious and the specials were definitely worth it, plus with all the TVs there isn't a bad seat in the house.Came here to watch an Eagles game.  Good crowd, but it can get packed so come probably at least a half hour before kick-off.
The fries are really good here.  Got the fries that were loaded which cheese, oxtail beef, green peppers, and gravy.  It was a little salty, but delicious and crispy. 
Ordered the Cooperstown burger (brisket/short rib combo) with cheese, lettuce and a bacon jam.  The burger was cooked well and I devoured my meal. My wife got the salmon fillet and it was okay.  
Service was good and the food was pretty good for a bar.  Would come backI was  originally suppose to go to a brunch restaurant like 2 doors up , seating was limited so I left , end up here 12:30pm on a Sunday . The lay out is  nice .Its a  mixture of a Sports bar / English pub but Moderate Moderat up-to-date  brown wooden bar. The food was great everything freshly made,  nothing frozen , chicken  sandwiches juicy not dry , chicken  fingers sauce was delicious as well . If you ever order chicken fingers, the sauce isn't good it totally mess the chicken up . My friend got cheese steak rolls which was completely finished at are table. I didn't try them but his review was they was good . The witness was friendly and helpful with the menu. My only con was I almost felled stepping up on the bench seat by the walk its a pole to step on instead of a wood step . There is t.v's all around as well with different Sport games on  , Im not a beer drinker but I heard there really popular with there unique  selection draft beer .This is the solid sports bar that South Street West needed.  Good beer, tasty food, easy. 
Rotating menu for both beers and food so it stays interesting (perhaps because they're still new and figuring out what works - which is a good sign). 
With the big open windows, I hope this becomes a late-night summer spot for Graduate Hospital.I was super excited about founding fathers when it first opened and then again when they changed managers, but I have to say it had remained a pretty average sports bar.
The atmosphere is clean and modern. They have lots of large flat screen TVs to watch games. I especially like sitting at the high top tables when they have the front windows open on a nice night.
Beyond that, I keep finding this bar underwhelming. It fills up when games are on and it's often hard to get a seat. I've had multiple reservations and shown up to be told there are no tables because of a game. 
The drink menu is pretty average and they don't have a lot of specials. The food menu is ever changing but has somewhat improved over time. I recently ordered the cheesesteak egg rolls which were pretty good and the garden flatbread which was fresh but not very flavorful. Their burgers are okay, but I've had much better at other bars in this are. The nachos were actually pretty good.
Overall, if you just want a clean place to watch a game with some friends this is an okay spot, but don't expect amazing food or interesting drink options.The best bar food, especially for vegetarians. Excellent service. Big Tvs. Gets busy on game days. Overall awesome!Lots of TVs and good vibes. Tons of seating and attentive service. Happy hour was decent. $4 select draft and $5 select bar snacks. We had the taquitos and mac n' cheese donuts, which were both alright. Citywide was a shot of Rittenhouse Rye and a Yard's Brawler, thought that was a kind of weird pairing lol. Overall, great bartender, good space, the food was OK. If you're looking for a spot to catch a game, or just chill and eat fries and drink beers, it's not bad.I came here with some friends and didn't get much. Just a new cider that was on their list. I've never been here before so it was a great find. My friend ended up getting their chicken sandwich and it was HUGE. She ended up taking it home but I did have a bite of it. The chicken was delicious and the slaw that was on top was a perfect add on. If I happen in this area again I wouldn't be against getting food next time.I've been here twice now (for some reason) and it's a pretty average bar. I guess the only unique aspect of it is that it is a sports bar with limited seating and fancy prices on somewhat upscaled bar food.
The first time I was here, the waitress was literally hounding our table every five minutes asking if we needed anything. This might seem refreshing if you are to frequent any other sports bar and service is nowhere to be found, but it got to the point where it was actually hindering the experience. It also kind of made it seem like we needed to keep ordering things or we were wasting space sitting there.
The second time the service was much better overall, but to me, the food just didn't cut it. The only thing I enjoyed was the poutine (but that's only because who doesn't love poutine.) I don't know, it's not a bad place, I've definitely been to better bars, but the convenience of the location is probably one of the only benefits to coming here.Waitresses cut you off after one or two drinks and the manager comes out and says the bar cannot serve you anymore alcohol. Not ideal for a sports bar.I went here last night with a buddy and ordered a small order of wings and a margarita pizza. Wings were undercooked and the pizzas "sauce" was watery and translucent. We sent the wings back and asked for them to be well done. However upon second delivery of these wings we noticed they were dropped back into the fryer and smothered with sauce and yet still undercooked. We spoke to the manager who was pleasant and bought us a free drink but I was extremely disappointed in the "late night menu". 
As for the space: It is cramped, overloaded with televisions and seems to lack any charm or character. At least add some philly notasligia to the place. Maybe a phillies pennant flag or an eagles helmet. This bar could be picked up and placed in Florida and you wouldn't even notice any difference. I told my friend it's a " generic" bar.Very good burgers, nachos and a great selection of beer- only yesterday's basketball result was disappointing .
Service was excellentGreat sports bar on South street! We went on a Wednesday night for Quizzo ( group trivia) and it was so much fun!! $5 nachos and $8 flatbreads along with a large selection of drinks. The service was also very fast! Started my night at the near by pop up beer garden and end here!Great space for a sports bar. It's not huge but it has TVs on every wall so it's intimate. It also has a nice sized bar.  It is a good addition to the neighborhood. The servers were all friendly. 
They definitely have the chance to move up in ranking by doing something about their food. The food is not good. I think most Philly sports bars have really upped their game in the food category. At this point I would only go there for a drink. But maybe that's what they're going for!Came in here on New Year's Day. Founding Fathers is showing some promise, in spite of a few logistical hiccups that should probably be expected of most new joints.
It's a really nice space, and like other reviewers have said, there's no bad seat in the house. Only issue is, I feel that there are a few too many tables crammed in the center of the space. If you're in a chair backing an aisle, you will get bumped into, by patrons and servers alike. Place wasn't even close to full, and my friend and I were getting nudged left and right. It's not a huge issue, and can easily be fixed by someone on their staff who's good at chair Tetris, but should definitely be addressed so that the place isn't just deadlocked when it's full.
The menu has got all the standard new-American fare we've gotten used to seeing from everywhere else that's opened in the last few years. I got some jerk wings, and they were awesome. Fries were good, too, and are big enough to share, but I kind of had a brain fart when I realized "man, these were $7." Didn't really make sense to me, considering the wings, which were huge both individually and in terms of how many you got in a single order, were only something like $11. I guess I really wanted fries.
The beer selection is good, and isn't any cheaper or pricier than other craft pubs.
The service was friendly, if a bit slow. Little things like having to ask for ketchup with the fries, or extra napkins with the wings, or getting the check. Again, easy fixes.
All of this added up to an experience that, though pleasant, could use a few tweaks. Looking forward to coming back for those wings.Have been here a couple of times now and have to say that the staff and management are doing a great job to bring a quality sports bar with good food and tap selection to this part of South St. 
The hand-cut fries with chipotle ranch are addictive! And the Cooperstown brisket sandwich is a salty/sweet delicious win. 
Place definitely gets crowded for big events so get there early! Otherwise, keep it going FF!This was my 5 Star restaurant last year.  Then the manager
named "Morgan" left.
Can only give 1 star now.
Went twice since Morgan left...will not go again.Went here with a buddy for a few beers and to watch college football this weekend. I was impressed from the time I walked in! Not too large a place - nice and cozy. The volume was tolerable despite the small-ish space. We sat at the bar but I also noticed the high top tables, and there was a lot of them to choose. Many TVs to catch whatever you're trying to watch. Bartender was attentive, somewhat knowledgeable about the brews on tap, and friendly. For a bite, we had the poutine which were fries covered in light beef gravy, garlic and butter - did not disappoint. Would come back for Sunday football.We stopped by because of the happy hour deal. They had 50% off appetizers so we ordered the nachos and the chicken tenders. The nachos are large, and I appreciate that they layer the toppings so you don't get stuck with dry chips on the bottom. I was hoping for more toppings, so the waitress was kind enough to bring us some crema as well. The chicken was pretty good, definitely better quality than most bars. There are only four pieces, however, so be warned if you're paying full price. I would come back for the happy hour deal.This was my first time visiting to watch a game with friends. Upon entry, the blonde hostess with black rimmed glasses essentially told us to leave while rubbing her face out of frustration that we came in asking for a table 15 minutes before a big game. We asked if we could give her our name while we waited at the bar. She begrudgingly wrote down our name and never came to the bar when tables opened. Otherwise there is no bad spot in the bar to see a game! The Cooperstown is a burger and not a brisket sandwich - still delicious.To visit AMANDA bar side has been the main reason I come to FF. Food is great it's nice and clean. But the dude with her tonight, towards 1 am, needs to chill. So gun-ho... For the hour... And  I'm a bartender .... This review is more for mgmt then it is for anyone else.Great place to go for sports food or beer.  I was surprised with the variety of beers.  They have a lot of exclusive or hard to get beers that's rotate through if you're into that.  The food was higher quality than most sports bars and the menu has changed occasionally without sacrificing quality.  Had some delicious chicken pot pie, nachos are always good.  Definitely recommend this sports bar as a classier place to view a game.Vegans: The seitan wings are on point. Vegetarians: quesadilla is on point. Fries are good too. Great ambiance and chill place. However: about 75% of the time we come in, it smells like fish. Vent the kitchen pleez.
Edit.
Good news. Last few times we came, it smelled like a bar instead of a Vietnamese fish market. Bad news: the fried foods (seitan wings for example) had a distinct fish taste to them, as if they were fried with fish.This area needed a sports bar and Founding Fathers does that well.  Lots of TV's, decent selection of beers and the food menu looked and smelled pretty good.  Didn't get a chance to try the food, but I was unimpressed by the beer selection.We love this bar. They have a great beer list and good food as well. I love the ambiance of the place, it's casual for happy hour and a great place to watch sports. There are a ton of TV's and it's not too loud. We're quickly becoming regulars at this place!This place is what you expect a bar and grill. It's a large space that can accompany big crowds and is a necessity in this side of South Street. The beer selection is solid, the bartenders are attentive, and it's a great place to order foods and watch the game.Standard sports bar is very sports-bar-y. That about sums it up. 
I came here on a weeknight with a friend to watch my beloved Blue Jays play the Orioles in their one game wild-card playoff. Besides the fact that the majority of patrons were sporting Orioles jerseys, I had a fine time. They've got an ok beer list (a few craft things). Food looked bar-food-y, though we didn't partake that night. TVs were plentiful and large. 
Not that much to say about it. If you like sports bars that can get pretty loud and rowdy and you want somewhere fitting that description to watch a game, you'll like this. If you don't, you probably won't.Attractive interior (great TV viewing for sports fans) and the food is pretty good, but the service was just hopeless.  It's clear this place is poorly managed as the staffing was completely inadequate for the crowd (1 waiter, 1 bartender). I second Erin W's review about feeling invisible.  It should not take close to 90 minutes to get food ordered and to the table.  If we weren't invested in watching the game on TV, we would have moved on.  I can't recommend the place.Really solid sports bar with good food and a great selection of beers. This is our go to spot for any sporting event, just make sure to get their early as it fills up. I'd recommend the picnic chicken or pulled pork.I dropped by Founding Fathers to grab a beer with an old friend during one of the NBA Finals games. The atmosphere was a perfect balance of people wanting to watch the game, get excited and maintain a semblance of civility. We were able to have a normal conversation and catch up all the meanwhile. That's a rare gem of a sports bar. 
The beer list was extensive and perfectly adapted to the summer season. While I didn't order anything off the dinner/bar menu, the food smelled fantastic. I will definitely return.Had good food and good drinks....however our waitress/server FRANCESCA had an attitude all night and seemed like she had a very funky non festive toneWent during happy hour before a soccer game to meet up with a friend. Pretty good beer selection, but I did not get the feel of a sports bar. Definitely felt like I was one of a few people watching sports on the tv. Nothing wrong with that, but I should come back for an Eagles or Phillies playoff game (ha yeah right) to get the feel of sports bar itself. With a good beer selection and good food potential, I will definitely be back!Nice quiet spot for the afternoon. No great happy hour deals but the bartender was super knowledgable and friendly. Although we didn't get food, the menu looked delicious. Will have to visit again.Very hot and muggy inside. Horrible service. Waited an hour and a half for the food we ordered and it never came. Then when we asked where our food was she had no idea, didn't say sorry.. I asked for the check, and they brought it right away with out caring or doing anything about how long we were waiting for and our food wasn't even close to coming out to us.We had a great experience today at Founding Fathers. Stopped in mid-afternoon for a drink, it was somewhat empty. The service was fantastic, the bartender was great and very friendly. By the time we were ready to leave it was packed!!!! Definitely a great spot to watch a game. Can't wait to come back and try the food.Food - 1/5
Service - 2/5
Wine glasses dressed with someone else's lipstick? Check. 
Leftover, stale Philadelphia Pretzel Factory pretzel bites with grainy, chunky cheese butter "dip?" Yep, they've got 'em. 
They didn't even offer to take the wine off our bill. Will never go back.Worst experience ever at this place. Had wallet stolen out of my purse hanging under my coat. Bartender saw activity after seeing familiar women hovering around me, and warned others but did not alert me. They stole my wallet, got all my CCs,checkbook, and cash. Proceeded to immediately charge hundreds of dollars...when manager notified, he was anything but helpful or empathetic. Did not give me privacy to make calls to my banks, and after paying $150 bill, never offered any apology nor any discount. Didn't even offer me $10 to get out of parking garage. To add insult to injury, it took detectives 2 weeks for him to finally release video that identifies the suspects. Will never ever go back to this place again....I say run, and suggest they get new management fast.Lovely for happy hour! Not too crowded, great area with tons of local spots and the bartender Alexis was a doll! Will definitely be back soonCame here for the Thursday night Eagles game.  Crowd was very lively and the service was good while at times overwhelmed.  Food was pretty good.  Cooperstown sandwich is a combo of short-rib and brisket with cheese and a maple bacon jam.  Flavors were very good.  Fries were on the cold side which didn't make a lot of sense given the volume of people ordering.  Prices here are on the higher side.  Makes staying here for a full game an expensive proposition.  However it is a very comfortable spot with TVs in every direction.  Worth a try.Vegetarians-search no more the seitan wings are the best! I love this place. I had been here several times and never tried to vegetarian wings (not crazy adventurous when it comes to fake meats) but I decided to give them a try this time and I was pleasantly surprised!  I also would recommend whatever flight they have available. Service is always great, it gets pretty crowded during any big games or Sunday's during football season so get there early!Good idea but food is a flop. Pizzas are not good n not cheap, I would rather buy a store bought and pop in the oven. The chicken sandwich was dripping in grease I could not even eat the bun as that what soaked it all up. The "monster" grilled cheese is small n overly greasy the second grilled cheese I ever met in my life that I did not enjoy, and seriously guys the fries are soggy n not to any surprise.....super greasy. Also good luck findng this bar open till two that is quite the lie, try like 12 n good luck getting food after 10, wtf!Great food! Plenty to choose from on the menu and everything I tried was very tasty. Went during happy hour and the appetizers were all 1/2 off. Coconut shrimp were the largest shrimp I've ever had as an appetizer! I Highly recommend them...This place has NBA league pass and 30 TVs.  I asked to change one tv to a game that wasn't the sixers or an mlb playoff game and they wouldn't do it.  You can also see almost every tv from where you sit.  "Don't come in the middle of the Sixers season opener" the manager said. They suck.Quality atmosphere and a lot of fun for Quizzo. The beer options are plenty. Heads up that the food all leans on the spicy side (even the chicken on the salads).Great drinks and crowd. Can't miss a play with all those TVs!Not a bad bar, just a little over priced for our neighborhood.  Many of the beers are pretty expensive when compared to similar locations.  They do have a lot of really nice TVs and a really nice atmosphere.My wife took my two kids there to get dinner. They ordered the pizza. Buried in the cheese are bones. They looked like small chicken wing bones. Definitely choking hazard for anyone. My wife kindly informs them and the manager's response is "oh it happens". Really? Their kitchen repeatedly has choking size bones buried in cheese pizza? Ok. Take your chances!
I went in there to meet a friend to have a drink. My friend showed who had a red cup with remnants of a drink. He comes in and sits down and immediately the manager walks often demanding to see what is in the cup. He explains its the backwash of a drink I had and just have not thrown the cup. With an attitude he starts lecturing us on we are risking their liquor license. Let's be clear, the state of PA does not care if you bring legally purchased liquor into any establishment. The owner decides. So, he an un-educated manager or a liar. Take your pick. He could have been kind about it because we were there to drink and did so for another 2 hours. 
Not returning there. The place seems to think that we should be honored to be in their place.Maybe they should look around and realize there are many places that would have taken the empty drink cup with a grain of salt and also does not consider choking size bones hidden in pizza cheese an common occurrence.