Franco's is the best in the area. The food is high quality and absolutely delicious. Also, the people that work there are very pleasant.My fiancé and I have always loved Franco's, specifically their chicken parm sandwiches. However, now I'm even more impressed with the people who work there than I am with the food. I accidentally dropped my car keys, along with some trash, into the dumpster right after I picked up my food. They spent the better part of ten minutes helping me fish the keys out when there was no need for them to do so. They were so exceptionally kind to me, and I'll always be appreciative!Mmmm, their garlic knots are delicious!!! If I lived right near there, I would probably have a heart attack by eating so many of them. So buttery and garlicy. Yum yum yum.
As for other items, I've only ordered their stromboli. Sauce is amazing. Can definately tell it's homemade. However, I lowered a star bc the sauce was kinda watery that it soaked through my bread for the stromboli. I had a plate full of sauce laying on my plate after finishing one slice. :-( I do wish that the sauce stayed in it bc it was so good!! However, the next day was EXCELLENT!! After it sat in the fridge for a day, the sauce thickened up. Popped it back into the oven for the dough to get nice and crispy and it was perfection in my mouth. 
Go here for some real homemade pizza!!!My husband and I used to go wayyyy out of our way to get good pizza, sometimes going all the way to Jersey. The local spots just weren't satisfying. Then we took a chance and ordered from Franco's and we were hooked! We've had a handful of different pizzas, appetizers, sandwiches, calzones.... Always delicious! Even my parents request Franco's when they come visit from out of town. Also, delivery is always faster than they estimate. Highly recommended!As a native New Yorker I am quite picky about the pizza that I order in philly. Franco's pizza is very solid, and always fresh. Their delivery is extremely quick. All the other food that my roommates and I have ordered has always been good as well. If you're looking for a well priced local pizzeria then this is your place.Compared to the other places in the neighborhood, this is bottom level. Always rude on the phone, standard pizza but nothing special. Bad delivery too. last straw was ordering a pie for delivery, calling over an hour later to find out it hadn't even gone out yet. Cancelled. Try one of the other 50 places in the area.Franco's excels at what it does - just a great neighborhood pizza spot. I've hit them for pickup and delivery probably 20 or so times in the 3ish years I've been living in Kensington. 
It's not mindblowing food but it's executed so consistently and so solidly that it deserves top marks as a business. I've enjoyed everything I've gotten - pizza, sandwiches, everything is on point.
The free garlic knots with every pie lock that rating down, those knots are hella tight.Fishtown Pizza Gem!  I'm a NY/NJ lady, and Italian at that... I'm a snob for pizza, and my natural complaining goes a little like this...
"Philadelphia pizza isn't pizza, the water is all wrong, and it doesn't taste right"
....Franco's thank you for proving my stubborn heart wrong.  Woot Woot!There's a lot of pizza shops in Philadelphia, yet I'd rank Franco's at the top for pick-up and delivery (no dining seating).Really great pizza, cheesesteaks and wings. Their garlic knots are awesome! Everyone has different preferences in terms of pizza. I prefer their pizza because its not greek style.Love little mom n pop pizza places. This place is no different.  Great staff and good pizza.Ordered for the first time and was pleasantly surprised. Was expecting the same old, same old.  I ordered the Bruschetta Pizza and it was delicious. Definitely fresh ingrediants and the crust was supperb ( very important part of the pizza and so many get it wrong)  Will definitely be ordering again.  I'm glad my husband grabbed a menu.The food is still really good....but I have to drop them a star as the girl(s) that answer the phone are really freaking rude and are terrible at their jobs.
I get really aggro when I call there anymore as they don't listen and you have to repeat what you want a minimum of three times....because they'll ask you twice, then say "please hold" and come back a short while later to have to ask you again. 
I suggest that the ownership look into this ASAP as there are plenty of other really good places to eat in Fishtown/Kenzo now. 
They might try calling Central Pizza on Girard to order something and see how a real pro takes delivery orders on the phone. 
-Darth out!Prices are wrong in all internet listings. 3 apps cost close to $30. The girl behind the counter curses at the cooks constantly. Makes for an awkward transaction. Food has a lot of garlic which is good if you love garlic. There are many places in our great neighborhood that are nicer and less ghetto than this place. Overall food is fair, and staff needs customer service lessons.  Prices could be cheaper for what you get.The first thing I do when I move to a new neighborhood, even before I try to locate the best nearby Chinese take-out jawn, is locate the best nearby pizza take-out jawn.  Well, here she is folks.  I've only had the plain/pepperoni and sicilian so far but they both were good (very good for Philly pizza standards) and the garlic knots are freaking amazing.  Just oozing with garlic-and-herb-infused olive oil.  
I enjoyed a slice of Franco's pizza while I typed this review.For the first time since I found out Franco's no longer includes Frank himself, I accidentally ordered delivery. Got cold pizza delivered from 2 blocks away. I've had their pizza hot recently as well. Even then it was chewy, sugary and full of grease from cheap cheese. I won't even get into her weak the chicken oarm was. Do yourself a favor and go to Thin and Crispy instead. I would give it zero stars if this app would let me.So good. However you have to get the pizza well done or it's a floppy mess.  Delivery is always quick. And everyone seems friendly.  They have the best sauce. I would give it 5 stars if they cooked it an extra few minutes. Only ever tried the pizza there.This is my go to pizza place! Their pizzas and hoagies are delicious & fairly prizes , pretty quick delivery too !Typical pizza place menu, but they have the ultimate upside down pizza. I've tried a handful of toppings, but it's my favorite in town.Their pizza is the best delivery in the neighborhood.  The wings are good, usually pretty meaty and their hot sauce has a bit of bleu cheese mixed in for a little bit of taster.  
The only "problem" with them is that they don't give you enough meat to fill out the entire roll on their cheesesteaks, which are tasty otherwise.They got my order wrong  I specifically ordered a cheeseburger hoagie with extra cheese and mayo and tomato only.. it came with shredded lettuce I called to tell them and was told "what do you want us to do about it  - its partly your fault I said it comes with lettuce and tomato" I responded that when i said mayo and tomato ONLY that would signify no other things were to be on this sandwich and I would like my order to be fixed and I should get what I paid for to which she replied "just pick it  off". Virtually impossible to picked shredded lettuce out of melted cheese and mayo.  Worst customer service I have ever experienced bad attitude. I ordered from here mimimum twice a week I will never again   I recommend this restaurant to no one the quality of food is good but the attitude to a repeat customer is horribleGreat pizza a real find for the area.  I have had the sandwiches, the platters and the pizza all were great.  Hard to find a product I did not like including the garlic knots..NY style pizza. Great crust, great toppings. Speedy service.
My wife and I moved to fishtown about a year ago. One of my priorities was finding a good pizza place. I have always lived in the Manhattan suburbs of Jersey and Brooklyn, so good pizza has never been too hard to find for me. Well, I tried place after place. Some places had low quality, canned or frozen veggies and toppings, others were so focused on creative and gourmet toppings that they forgot to make sure the pizza tasted good and was cooked well.
   About 3 months of searching went by and I almost gave up hope, when I discovered Franco's. The specialty pies looked interesting and I gave them a try. What followed was an emotional experience for me.
  First, all the things that I missed about pizza back home were represented in this slice. The thin, hand tossed crust that has to be folded or supported for the first few bites and has a slight hint of savory flavor to it. The sauce was spot on! Savory and fresh. Showcasing everything that is wonderful about simple marinara!
  Second was the toppings. Growing up my family always ordered Eggplant and garlic. What usually came was thin sliced, breaded eggplant and chopped garlic. I love that. This, however came with big chunks of fresh eggplant and whole cloves of garlic, both roasted to perfection. I'm telling you it was beautiful.
  About the toppings. I rarely order from the gourmet section of the pizza menu. I like the more traditional toppings. Keep the ranch dressing off my pizza please. Ranch is for pizza that tastes like shit. Francos Gourmet selections will not disappoint. I keep trying new ones. My favorite is the Arugala. Fresh arugala covering a pie with marinara, mozzarella, prosciutto and tomatoes. This pie has loads of arugala on it. The spicy bitterness of the greens paired with the salty fattiness of the prosciutto is a match made in heaven.One of the best local pizza joints around.
Sometimes they do stuff like slather mayo on a hoagie when I clearly didn't ask for it, but overall - the pizza is delicious, the garlic knots are heavenly, the hoagies are HUGE, and you will not be disappointed by ordering from here. Definitely pick Franco's over some of the other local pizza places.Everything I have ordered has been great at this place. The pizzas are way better than what you are probably used to in Philly. They use real fresh ingredients and the pizza tastes the way I would imagine pizza in Italy tasting. I have tried many of their gourmet pizzas and their plain cheese pie.  Both of which are the best I have found so far.  This place isn't super expensive, but it isn't cheap either. Their gourmet large pizzas will run you around $12. Keep up the good work!
Ohh. They also give you free garlic knots from time to time. They are super tasty!Delivery is always on time. Pizza is banging. The woman on the phone is sweet and attentive. I highly recommend their "The Works" everything pizza. You can't go wrong with Franco's.We just had pizza from here for the first time and it was the best we've had since moving to Fishtown.  We had the Brooklyn style pizza, similar to a margarita pizza with more sauce and the sauce was terrific.  We had dinners from Franco's a few weeks ago and they were pretty good as well.  This will definitely be our go to place for pizza from now on!!!Update: second attempt was significantly better, and they got an entire extra star because the cannoli was amazing.
This is the first time I've ordered anything from Franco's, and I was a bit underwhelmed. The pizza ingredients were fresh and delicious. I ordered Franco's special and it had a lot of my favorite pizza toppings, including roasted garlic cloves.
I ordered at about 2pm and it took right at 45 minutes to arrive, which on a Sunday afternoon is slow, but acceptable. However, the pizza arrived cold and a little soggy. I had to toss it in my toaster oven to warm up, which ruins the lazy Sunday aspect of ordering pizza for delivery. I should also mention I love half a mile down the street, and the guy definitely drove.
I also ordered tiramisu, which is one of my absolute favorites. And I was thoroughly disappointed. There was far too much of what tasted like cacao cooking powder on top, the creamy goodness was a little on the crunchy side and the ladyfingers that should've been soaked in the coffee was just ladyfinger. 
The woman who took my order was militantly efficient, and I can see why yelp gives her a bad rap. It's absolutely not the worst customer service I've experienced, but if you're expecting someone to fawn over you and treat you like royalty, you'll be really disappointed.
And finally, if the pizza had arrived hot and the tiramisu had been, well, tiramisu, I would say it's a really fair price. 
I would say it probably falls somewhere between "meh" and "a-okay"The Chicken Cheesesteak Combo is delicious! Chicken steak with sauteed broc, onions, spinach and garlic. Amazing! Their other stuff on the menu is pretty awesome too. Solid, clean place with quick delivery. Highly recommend it.Love the pizza, but tried the Stromboli and it was undercooked. We even stressed to them to take their time with it. Note I took off a star because of the undercooked Stromboli.I love Franco's!  For many months it has been my go to Sunday night order when I'm watching TV.  Everything (pizza, strombolis, sandwiches, platters, wings).  Always ready in 20 minutes, always comes with yummy garlic knots!
Bonus points for the older gentleman (Franco?) who's always in there watching TV.  Reminds me of my childhood in south philly.I'm pizza picky.  I like thin but I don't like too thin.  I like garlic, but prefer real cloves. I like spinach, but not when it looks like canned creamed spinach.  Francos, fortunately, fits my tastebuds perfectly.  Seriously!  I really am pizza picky.  I like different pizza shops for different things and Francos I love the 
FRANCO SPECIAL  spinach, tomatoes, garlic cloves on a white pie 
They give you free garlic knots or you can order a bunch for like a few bucks if the free ones are not enough.  I have tried some of their other pies, but prefer the Franco hands down.  This pizza is good enough to replace most of my favorites from other shops.
They deliver and they are fast which is also a big plus!  I hate waiting long and I hate when it arrives soggy.  It has never been soggy and I hope it stays that way.  I will forgive once.  Twice I will start looking elsewhere. Just an FYI.  So keep it how it is and I will always be ordering.  This has become a Friday tradition.  I visit my moms and we order from Francos.  Good times!I think this is an example of a real Yelp success moment!  My boyfriend is *extremely* picky about ordering pizza from the usual neighborhood places, and I'm even more of a pizza-snob than he is, so we're always searching for "the" pizza place.  We're not looking for fancy frou-frou ingredients...just a delicious crust that's not too dough-y, not too thin & has that perfect crisp/soft balance; a tasty, well-seasoned sauce; a good sauce to cheese ratio; and toppings that are not overwhelming nor underwhelming.  Well we've found exactly that at Franco's!! 
We did a Yelp search & after reading "Nathan S" & "Michael M" 's reviews, (and of course the other glowing comments), we gave Franco's a call and ordered a large Quattro Formaggi with  1/2 pepperoni.  This was perfect & delicious!!  & the complimentary garlic knots are a lovely added bonus - light, buttery, & pleasantly seasoned.  Even our re-heated leftover slices were delicious the next day.  I think we've found our new favorite pizza place!  We agree with Nathan S... "Call them.  Now."The best delivery pizza in the fishtown area. Always comes sooner than they say it will. We always get the plain pie and I personally prefer it to pizza brain, which is too expensive and takes forever in delivery. Their delivery guy even gave us tips for how to make our AC unit run more efficiently!Pretty great pizza. We ordered here from work the other day. The regular pie and white pie are the stuff this fat kid dreams of. Wish I had known about this place sooner.Best take out pizza in the area!
In Spanish we say "Que sea Bueno Bonito y Barato" 
"I hope it's good, good looking and cheap". 
I don't know about you, but I don't want to pay $30 for a pizza to bring home. For less than half the price I have the custom pizza I want. 
Did I mention good looking? Yeah, these pizzas are worthy of Instagram #Pizza
They deliver but delivery is easy parking.They definately deserve 5 Stars!! This is my absolute go to spot for pizza. I have gone back plenty of times already and each time, they just keep getting better and better. They are by far the best cheese pizza I've ever had in my life. And the brooklyn pizza is also AMAZING!
Last night, husband and I were craving pizza and first place that came to mind was Franco's. I called in the order (Polpette pizza which has meatballs, mozzerella, tomato, and cheese) while we were driving home from work and just went there to pick it up. While waiting for the final preps, we ordered a slice of cheese pizza and it was Heaven on a plate and in my mouth. Dough was nice and crispy, not burnt like other places I've been. The sauce and the cheese were also perfect. They put the right amount of sauce where it didn't make the pizzza soaggy, and the cheese had that wonderful stringyness freshness to it. Once the pizza ( was finished, we took the box into our car and opened it up to look at it. Oh boy, we were so excited that we took a meatball off and ate it. Again, I felt like I had an orgasm. Hahaha! Once we got home, we dug into the pie right away. Soo good.
Just go here! You won't be dissappointed.I'm literally at a loss for words. We've ordered from them about a dozen times. No matter what I have from pasta dishes like the Palermo (broccoli, red peppers, and angel hair pasta), chicken dishes, big salads (Elaine style from Seinfeld), or pizza (specialty or run of the mill) it is consistently awesome. If you order a basic cheese pizza you will be blown away by the taste. They get it just right. Call them. Now.Great place for pizza, fried foods and sandwiches. Blows away the competition. Reasonably quick delivery. Best in the neighborhood.Franco's happened to put a menu in my mailbox a few days before I was having people over. I decided to try them and was pleasantly surprised. The delivery was FAST and friendly. I ordered 5 pizzas and later had to get a few more. They were all delicious! The garlic knots that came with the pizzas were a big hit as well. Will definitely be ordering from them again soon. The woman who took my order was friendly, gave me a special I didn't know about, and was patient as I decided what to get.I love their pizza. And all(?) orders come with delicious garlic knots! This is one of my favorite pizza places in the area. 
I usually order delivery, and they make and delivery pretty quickly without sacrificing quality.This is our go-to when we want to stay in. You could do delivery from some trendy place but you'd be missing fresh, delicious Italian that is inexpensive and supporting your local business. They never disappoint.Best pizza around! There are so many pizza places to choose from in Port Richmond, and I have tried many. I finally found "the place" when I ordered from Franco's one night. I have had both their plain cheese, and their gourmet bruschetta pizza- both of which were wonderful, and cheap too! They also give you a few free garlic knots, which is nice. I have yet to try their sandwiches or cheesesteaks, but i'm sure they are just as good as the pizza.It was our first time and wow. Just wow. We had the Pomadoro Romano and the fried mushrooms with marinara. I can't wait for more.This review is being written after giving Franco's a few more tries after a bad experience. I've decided that's enough chances, especially with all the new pizza places in the area. 
The first bad experience I had was when I had placed an order and called back to ask for extra cheese.  I was charged $3 for extra cheese. Enough said.
The second and third bad experiences were similar to each other in that the food had gone down in quality. I.e. the broccoli was gritty, tomatoes seemed old...
This last time I got a white pie with tomatoes and arugula. There was obviously no effort put into it, the tomatoes again were old and flavorless, and the wilted arugula was cooked into the pie. I may be wrong, but I thought it was a given that you don't cook the arugula but add it at the end like a garnish. It's just too bad because I used to think they had great pizza. Next time I will get a frozen kashi.Love this place. I used to live on the same block and the number of garlic knots I ate was dangerous to myself and others. Pizza and strombolis are amazing - nothing fancy, just really really good stuff.Franco's is overall pretty decent. nothing to write home about, but good in a pinch. the pizza is composed of pretty standard cheese, crust and sauce - nothing too fancy. i tend toward the Quattro Formaggi, which (not surprisingly) has four kinds of cheese and has a pretty sophisticated cheese taste (as cheeses go).
however, if their pizza is a bit forgettable, their garlic knots are amazing and you MUST get them. perfectly chewy and cake with parmesan cheese. i might have made a meal of these this past week. 
also kudos to the ease of ordering (they had me in the system and as soon as i gave them my number, they said is this Bethany? which was convenient if a little creepy). they take credit/debit cards, hallelujah! also they have a WEBSITE. amazing.
one downside is they stock only Pepsi products. i hate Pepsi, but i'm a snob so don't listen to me.
Francos: good for parties, pizza night, etc. nothing fancy or gourmet, but i dig.Love this place. It's the best pizza around and the buffalo shrimp are the bomb.Born and raised in the neighborhood and this is the best pizza since Tulip Pizza (coincidently, Franco's is in Tulip's location) closed years ago. Everything is great! Pizza, pasta, steaks...everything! And it is quite affordable too. Best around!I would love to at least give this spot 2 stars just to be nice, but there is no point anymore. I've been going here for years and over the last 2, the food has declined significantly. The pizza is still decent, but don't bother with anything else really. The worst part about it, is that 9 out of 10 times, pick up or delivery, they forget something. About a year ago I called back once and said "hey you forgot my Fries in the combo can I come get them?" And the cashier said I was a liar. I still constantly give them second chances, but after this weekends screw up, we have to part waysBest pizza delivery for Port Richmond. They are always on time. Their gourmet pizza is flavorful and fresh! I usually order the portabella. I have tried all other available pizza deliveries around and this place beats them all. Their calzones are also big and delicious. They always give you free garlic knots with your order and they are really good too.Got the Pollo Margherita, it was excellent. This is absolutely going to be my new neighborhood place. Some local competitors are really into super thin crust - cool if that's your thing, but it's not really my thing. I'd rather finish a slice of pie and feel like I have something substantial in my belly. This totally did the trick! Delivery came fast and hot, so I will definitely be back.Food is amazing but horrible delivery the heavy set one with the coke bottle glasses and what looked like his brain was on the outside of his head actually tried to touch my penis I could've killed the guy never again!!I really have no idea where the negative, dramatic reviews are coming from! Hipsters are just so sensitive!
I've lived in Fishtown for over 5years and have yet to find a pizza shop that satisfied my simple and specific pizza tastes. There are tons of hipster, overated and underwhelming places here... believe me I've tried them but it wasn't  until I had a plain, cheese pizza here that I said... no more looking. 
Their pizza reminds me of the kind I used to have as a child growing up in the suburbs of Bucks County. Thin perfectly cooked crust with a hearty flavorful sauce and the right amount of cheese... Just simply perfect!!! 
I've always recieved great customer service, recieved my order in a timely manner and most importantly the pizza tastes just the same as the previous one. Franco's can get my coins anytime!If you live near here, this is the only place you should order pizza from. They aren't kidding about the gourmet pizza, soooo good and decently priced. Oh and the stromboli are pretty bad ass.Trying to find a decent, local pizza spot in Fishtown that doesn't require pre-ordering your dough or waiting in a long line has been a struggle since I moved to the neighborhood about 6 months ago.
After a late night recommendation from a friend, we ordered a plain pizza from Franco's. The woman on the phone asked us to confirm that we knew it was the Franco's in Fishtown and proceeded to tell us that our pizza was ready & we could come get it immediately!! 
The plain pizza is thin crust with a nice ratio of sauce to cheese. 
The next day, my boyfriend and I were slightly hungover and decided to order from Franco's again, this time ordering a Franco's special pizza and a sausage pie.
The Franco's special is a garlic lover's dream with whole cloves of roasted garlic, fresh spinach, mozzarella and spoonfuls of sauce. Could use a bit more sauce next time.
The Sausage pizza was also delicious, but a bit greasy. This is understandable considering the type of meat.
Overall, we were very impressed and will be making Franco's our local pizza spot.Huge fan.  We received a menu stuck in our door which I find desperate and annoying (but hey I guess it worked, right?!).  Franco's pizza is made with love and fresh ingredients.Garlic knots are INSANELY GOOD!!!!! Buy a dozen for $3.75. Pop em in the toaster oven or microwave with some cheese melted over them. Open a bottle of red wine. Do it now!!!Hands down, my favorite pizza spot!! The mozzarella sticks are incredible! Pizza is always on point. And the garlic knots...........staaaahhhhhppppp! They are amazing! Everything is great! Any time I have people over, they always want to order from Franco's.The food is moderately good, but kind of on the expensive end for a corner store restaurant. This guy gets a lot of clients so he can afford to hike up prices. He's an old-school Italian dude, who likes to complain about his personal life a lot and is always in a groggy mood. I think his staff emulates him because they're all almost as rude and impolite with customers. 
He took his anger out on me once because I used a $20 bill to pay for a $7 something meal. I tried smoothing things over with him saying I was sorry in Italian, and he literally responded to me: "Excuse me, are you Italian? No. So you talk English to me." Well ok Franco, I take your point, but I speak Italian better than you speak English. Sorry for trying, though. "I'm just trying to apologize," I said. He kept blabbering on in half intelligible sentences until I left the store with my slice of pizza in hand, wondering how on Earth that even escalated so quickly. That was the last straw for me.
In an earlier instance, one evening I saw Franco complaining about his wife and saying all sorts of mean things about her to a client that just walked in and was waiting for his order. "I get up 7 in the mornin come here and make pizza all night. She sit on her ass watchin tv," he screamed. The poor customer looked so uncomfortable; he didn't know how to respond. I couldn't help but laugh, but I made sure to stay out of that "conversation". 
I'm giving the place two stars because the food is a bit expensive and the customer service is... well... what customer service? I can understand Franco's attitude. He's old, he's is old-school Italian. He's authentic, not trying to be anything else and I guess that's refreshing to find someone that's actually Italian in a pizzeria. But what I don't get is what's up with the attitude these 20-30 year old females have when taking orders in person or over the phone? Someone needs to talk some sense to them. This is a pizzeria, not your parents' Fishtown row house. Go to school and learn some manners.Francos pizza uses high quality foods and service. Fast delivery and the prices are a little more than most, but you pay for quality. This is an institution in the area that should be utilized.  So eat up my friends, call Francoslove their food. it's great and the delivery time is always reasonable. the girl who answers the phone is my least favorite part. you have to repeat your order 3-5 times to have any hope of it coming correctly. if you only specify once you can pretty much gaureentee she'll leave something out.The husband and I have ordered here a handful of times. I usually get a cheesesteak and they are the best I've had in the area. The pizza, however, is EXCELLENT! 
The only bad thing I have to say is stay away from the "italian" hoagies. It was terrible. They didn't even know what a long hot was. Stick with the pizza, you won't be disappointed.Wanted to try the pizza due to all the good reviews.  Got 'the works' pizza.  Good, solid neighborhood pizza joint.  Not bad but nothing great.  Prices are okay (could be a little cheaper).  Still less than some of the higher end pizza joints in the area.My boyfriend and I just moved to Philly from NYC. I spent over 8 years searching for really wonderful, classic ("not fancy") pizza and couldn't find any. Franco's has finally satisfied our craving for a great local pizza spot! 
They ingredients always taste fresh, the pies are always crispy and the toppings well balanced. Plus, they are affordable and the gal who works the counter is always nice. We're excited to try all their speciality pizzas!One of my favorite pizza places in the neighborhood... there food is always good very friendly staff. There always early on deliveries.. check them out !this place is the best. we ordered from here often when we lived in fishtown and now that we have moved to nj we still manage to order from here every now and again when the craving hits us. 
our favorites are the brooklyn pizza (it is just sooooo good - great sauce and crust) and the chicken fingers (way more than chicken fingers they should be called chicken cutlets - perfectly flattened and breaded). and the free garlic knots that come with are also so delish!  the staff is also very friendly. highly recommend giving this place a try if you haven't!I'm giving this place 5 stars because I have lived in Fishtown for 5 years and this place is hands down the best pizza. They have good sandwiches too, but we mostly order the pies. I love a lot of their "gourmet pizza" selections like the Franco's Special, portobello pizza, primavera, and BBQ chicken. I personally think their red sauce is pretty awesome. I agree the sauce definitely beats the crust (Key Pizza has better crust), but the selection and overall pizza is far superior. So, if you're new to the area or just haven't given Franco's a try, hopefully this review makes you give it a chance.I'll never order from them again. The quality of the food has been in decline. When they opened, they were fantastic. Now the food is just so-so. I called tonight for a delivery, and the girl on the phone was so exceptionally rude, I promptly tore up the menu when I was off the phone. She spoke to me like I was a horrendous inconvenience for calling, as if I somehow was out of line for ordering a pizza from a pizza store. The delivery took about an hour (more than double the average delivery time for every other neighborhood store), and the cost was astronomically out-of-whack for the quality of the food. Giving this spot an F is generous. Fix your menu, fix your customer service, improve your delivery times, and get a price list that's commiserate with your quality.Franco's Pizza has amazing gourmet pizza's! And they are incredibly affordable priced! Their gourmet 4 cheese (Quattro Formaggi) pizza is the best cheese pizza I have ever had! And I'm 44!! I've only tried the gourmet pizza's-I also love the prosciutto, caramelized onion basil and tomato or the mozzarella, fresh arugula, prosciutto and cheeses!!!! What a treasure to find tucked away off Lehigh.For simple pizza delivery in 19122 or 19125 this is the place to order from. Fast delivery and good Brooklyn style pizza. Sometimes there are complimentary garlic knots with your order. These things should come with a warning. I crave them more than the pizza! If you are going to order them, just go ahead and order a dozen. You'll be happy you did. Heads up: They sometimes charge more if you pay with a credit card.I would give 4 stars for the food, but as another reviewer noted, their customer service is seriously lacking. Woman who picks up phone orders seems annoyed and is unhelpful. Also, they nickel and dime you: $0.50 for mayo- lettuce - tomato. Very inconsistent with offering complementary garlic nots, too.Cheap good eats. When you are hammered drunk, get the bacon cheesesteak! For pizza I LOVE their four cheese (Quattro Formaggi). Oh and the food tases just as good when you are sober! Fast and friendly delivery.
Happy to have Franco's in the Kenzo hood.
Cheers,
DarthI work around the area so this is my go-to spot. They are more known for they pizzas. It is an above -average spot. pretty clean. super quick delivery to the area. one time they delivered within 10 minutes!!! check out their menu because they have daily specials. Their club sandwiches and cheesesteaks are pretty descent. The pastas are on the pricey side but you get a huge serving. they usually throw in garlic knots. one of my favs are the jalapeño poppers.Our first try here was a huge miss. We got two different pizzas with the "prosciutto." My husband, who is not shy with the salt shaker, actually said he couldn't eat the pizza. I just picked it off, but I think the damage was already done - it was really barely edible. One of the pizzas had arugula. It was baked (?) on the pizza. It's supposed to go on fresh when the pizza comes out of the oven. So that was another negative. Fast forward a few weeks and we were in the mood for pizza. Not sure what made us order from here again, but we did. Just avoided the pizzas we originally ordered like the plague. I'm definitely glad we gave it a second shot. Sooooo much better! We usually get the pizza with the breaded chicken cutlet and the one with the fresh buffalo mozzarella. They are amazing. We tried the Brooklyn and the baked ziti pizzas last night and were also really impressed. Both were delicious. I guess the moral of the story is, don't get the pizzas with the prosciutto unless super salty is your thing. Also, we always toss those garlic knot things. Beyond being super greasy, they're also totally loaded with garlic. And I do mean loaded. If vampires existed, I wouldn't need to do another thing to repel one for the rest of my life after eating one of those.Pretty good. I got a mushroom cheesesteak and it was pretty darn awesome. The bread was a little mushy by the time it was delivered, but what was inside the bread made up for it. Lots of meat and melty, gooey cheese. It was gone in about a minute. Also, got a pepperoni pizza. Let me mention that I am a very picky pizza person. I like lots of grease, flavorful sauce and a chewy crust. This pizza was good, but not great. The sauce was kind of generic, the cheese good enough and the crust tasted a little like I imagine cardboard would taste. That being said, I WOULD order it again if I was in the mood for cheesteak and pizza at the same time, just to get a cheesesteak from this place. Oh, and the garlic knots were tasty, too.thank you jesus, my girlfriend has finally found a cheap, close by pizza shop she really likes. although i didn't quite care for the pizza (watch out, the mozzarella cheese are slices, not fresh), she enjoyed the chewy crust, mildly flavorful sauce, and toppings (bought 2 pizzas, a 4 cheese and the "special"). 
i ordered the wings which were pretty tasty, nicely sized and well-cooked. the celery was dry, beginning brown and pre-wrapped, so i'd just skip those next time or ask for the freshest they have available. the garlic knots seemed to be more butter than they were garlicky, perhaps due to being served cold. luckily they were included with the meals purchased. but i think served warm they would be more of a stand out; what's better than warm, buttery, garlicky bread??
am super happy to have found a place nearby that delivers! super friendly staff too!Great pizza and platters.  They make the entire corner of Tulip and Huntington smell delicious!Best pizza in fishtown.  Cleanest with best ingredients for all their menu items. Our faves: francos pizza, chix fingers, stromboli with ricotta, pizza burger, mozz stix.  Quick deliver $ fair prices.Reliably delicious! Always consistent and ready on time. Great neighborhood shop that I will continue to use. Reasonable prices too.