Love the sweet spiral plain pies at Franzones.  Can't go wrong with plain.  I tried the white pizza with onions in addition and it was a pleasant surprise.  The onions were a great addition to the pizza.  Same Franzone's as the Bridgeport one I grew up with.I really like Franzone's. The owner is typically around, super friendly, and seems to really care about the product. While I'm not a big fan of sweet sauce, they also do a decent cheesesteak, fries, etc. Honestly, they may have been closer to a 4 if not that it's always just a really pleasant experience going in, which boosts their rating for me.Visited Franzone's while I had 15 or so minutes to spare in the evening before having to rush off for an event. Overall, nothing too exciting, I ordered the cheesesteak, and was happy that it came pretty early (my friend and I were the only ones there) and didn't have any problems. The place had free wifi, which is always a plus!
However, when we arrived and asked to see the menu, they didn't have any on them, but they were super friendly so we laughed it off and used checked their online menu.Later on, because my friend and I were sharing a cheesesteak, we were so engrossed in our conversation that we I didn't think to get my own plate, one of the servers very thoughtfully brought us one. 
I didn't try their pizzas (yet), and I didn't leave raving about the place. I doubt I'll be craving anything, but because it's literally right under the Manayunk stop, I'd probably come back here again if I'm ever in the area.Its unfortunate that this restaurant has to hire such terrible people... The delivery driver was one of the rudest people I have ever encountered. My girlfriend placed the order but was indisposed at the time of the initial delivery call that happened at 4:25 pm and I answered the subsequent call 5 minutes later to be harassed and yelled at by the delivery driver for not answering the call. I apologized but he continued to yell at me on the phone. When I went down to pick up my food he continued to harass me outside of my apartment and yell at me after he gave me the food. I wish we hadn't already tipped him on grubhub or else he would have received zero dollars.Delicious sweet sauce pizza with a crispy thin crust.  The cheese and sauce are swirled on the pizza giving it just the right amount of sweetness.  Friendly people.If I could give 0 stars I would. This place is TRASH. First of all they kept telling me the wrong total price so I had to keep adding more food to meet the delivery charge until I realized when I got the receipt, they added the tax after the delivery charge so it was at least $10 over the real total!!!! All this so I can satisfy my craving of sweet potato fries and what do I get. BURNT SWEET POTATO FRIES. Why even deliver them to me? Who would eat this? Disgusting. No class, all about the money.Their service is amazing.   I ordered a pizza for delivery. (Love their pizza.)  The order was inadvertently written as a pickup.  I called and they apologize.  However they offered to make me a new one and deliver it all free of charge.  I am really impressed.Four stars for the pizza, which was excellent. The sauce had the right amount of sweetness, and the cheese was fresh and not overcooked as one may see outside of NYC. That's the good news. Now the bad. What's up with their ceaser salad? Skimpy on the chicken and hardly any dressing. Why bother to offer if you can't deliver. A ceaser salad is relatively simple and cheap to make so one would expect more than 8 little pieces of chicken. And I mean little as in smaller than a chicken nugget. But the pizza was the best by far and I can't wait to get another pie.Ordered a meatball parm hero to go, very good! Bread was amazing and toasted to perfection. Sauce was excellent. Could've used some more cheese. 
They were nice over the phone, had my order ready 15 mins after the call. Very nice when picking up as well. I'll be back!I say they have a solid pizza, based on getting slices there twice. Large, thin/foldable, with the right amount of cheese/sauce and a crust you'll want to finish. The second time I walked in about 5-10 minutes after closing, but they still were down to sell whatever slices they had, so they seem like decent folk. Getting a pie should only be better, which I hope to do soon. They're a block away from Main st., so if you're in the area for the evening, they're quite accessible.
Edit: After having ordered a couple pies from them, as expected they were great. I have to say, the pies are smaller than expected, particularly given the largeness of their individual slices. I'd dock them a point for their pies being smaller than what I'd expect for a typical pie, and a bit pricier too ($16). Oh well :\  If you overlook that though, you're in for a delicious treat. For myself personally, they were the tastiest NY style pizzas I've had in Philly thus far. Cheese, sauce and crust were all on point (I was really surprised by the crust...it's hard to find crust this tasty around here). I have to mention that they do this strange swirly thing with the sacuce/cheese, so that they're next to each other, and not layered on top of  one other (it's kind of like a margarita pie, except in a swirl instead of in splotches). Don't worry about that, the texture and tastes is just fine when you take a big bite into it. 
Anyhow, TL;DR  if you're in the Manayunk/Roxborough area, I highly recommend making them your go-to pizza place.Meh, the pizza was underwhelming and relatively expensive for the small size I got. They only offer three sizes, small, large and extra large (new size just introduced) but the small for around $18 was not worth the money. The thin crust was crunchy, had a light blackened taste - it was good. But the tomato sauce was too sweet and the pepperonis were kinda soggy. The small size pizza was smaller than I'd expect for the price as well.I'll be honest. You'll either LOVE this pizza or hate it.  I love it.  The sauce is VERY sweet and the cheese is not the greasy bubble gum mozz you normally get.  I happen to know the cheese blend, but I'm not revealing it.  This is saving me many miles hiking to Conshohocken.  They deliver to Bala Cynwyd! 
BTW, the crust is thin and crispy but not like a matzoh. This is really a distinctive Norristown style 'za.  Happy to have them in the ' Yunk.Franzone's Manayunk has awesome pizza, we have been patrons since before they landed in Plymouth Meeting. So glad to have them just down the street! Just started getting the Sicilian buy will be going back to the regular.... My family prefers that to the thicker crust on Sicilian. Also try the cheddar poppers! There's no bar but hey what a good excuse to head to Plymouth Meeting location, the table service is always awesome!Worst pizza I ever had. Sauce is too sweet. Pizza is not suppose to taste like that and I've been feeling sick all day. Don't go hereOrdered two pizzas last week just too try a new place.  This pizza is definatelly an acquired taste.  Crust looked like the ready made crusts you get at a bowling alley and it was not cooked well.  There was a swirl of sauce on top that tasted more like a marmalade than a tomato sauce.  I am sure some people will like this but not us.I was really excited to try this super sweet sauce, especially being a sweet sauce lover.  However, this tasted as if an entire bag of sugar was poured on the pizza.  It was just overwhelming and unsatisfying.  Beyond the sauce, the margarita pizza was under-cooked and by the end, was getting over-saturated with sauce to the point it was falling apart.  The pizza was a thin crust, and another minute in the oven would likely have done it more justice.  That said, I will not be back.Ordered two pies for the Game of Thrones finale. Had a plain since no one in our group had tried it before and a Cheesesteak pizza. Both were delicious. Slices were cut a little odd some bigger, some smaller. My only compliant. Will order from here again. Possibly this weekend!I think Franzones sucks and I haven't even tried the food yet..I ordered my food at 7:15 and it's now ...............8:45We had a great experience, Chris and Mike are fantastic! Food was awesome, we will definitely be back again soon!Great pizza! It is a sweet sauce with less cheese (which I like). One of the better pizza places in the manayunk/roxborough areaWe had Franzone's for the first time when we were In Bridgeport however it wasn't that great. We decided to try it again the other night because it was just too hot to cook! With apprehension we ordered the plain, popcorn chicken and sweet potatoe fries. To our surprise it was very good! I like my pizza to have a sweet sauce and a crispy bottom crust, Franzone's definitely nailed it! There's not really a good pizza joint in manayunk but this might be up to bat! The sweet potatoe fries were pretty decent, could have done without the popcorn chicken but everyone cares about the pizza here!Sometimes the pizza is really good. Other times it's meh. Tonight was undercooked. It's never consistent. And the customer service is bad.  The guy at the counter was SO rude tonight that I probably won't be back again.I've heard mixed things about Franzone's. People either love it or hate it, but I wanted to give it a shot. Unfortunately their delivery driver in the blue SUV drives around like a maniac, blew a stop sign, tailgated me up the street, then nearly ran me off the road as I tried to parallel park because he was in such a hurry. I'm an amazing parker by the way and had only just put my blinker on and begun to back into the spot before the driver impatiently zoomed around me and had to slam on the brakes to avoid hitting oncoming traffic. He then ran the next stop sign. I can't justify patronizing a business that employs people that put neighbors at risk like that.Ever since Pat and Bobby's went out of business I've been hoping for another good pizza/steaks joint to go to since my boyfriend and I live literally a block away from it. And to be honest, I am not a huge pizza eater. It's just hard to find that perfect type of pizza for me in this area. I finally have a favorite pizza place to eat from! The sauce is sweet which makes it my favorite part about it and it has that nice crunch, not soggy and doughy like other pizza places. Their cheese steak rolls were also very good. My boyfriend and I are definitely ordering from here again soon :)I love this sweet sauce pizza and the crust is amazing. The most delicious pizza I have had in twenty years! The best little secret in Plymouth meeting. My only problem was that it took me 3 months to find the place. LOL. They need a bigger sign closer on Ridge Ave.So happy they opened a location in Manayunk. Their pizza is amazing and has yet to disappoint.  It's definitely the best pizza in town.  Enough said.Pizza is really good here, reminds me of boardwalk style. Sweet sauce and thin crust. Calzones are also good, I really like their sauce.I ordered two mushroom slices to go here. When the slices came out it was still kinda lukewarm. By the time I got home there was no heat. I live about half a mile away on Main St. 
I liked the sauce. It was sweet and tasty. I'm not a fan of their mushrooms. The mushrooms looked like canned mushrooms. 
I guess my expectations are just different. Overall, try this place out and see for yourself.I will NEVER order delivery from here again. Over an hour and a half later and STILL no food. They were unwilling to refund or offer some sort of discount. They were also unapologetic about this obscene mistake. I don't even want to know what the food tastes like, especially if the service is this poor and the attitudes are that sour.yes, the sauce is sweet. yes, thats kind of weird, but in a good way. I liked this place a lot over the previous years, but I suspect they recently changed their dough recipe.  Even a fresh pie out of the over will turn to a cardboard crust when it's starts to cool even slightly. then it's a bit like a stack of copy paper being used as a vehicle  for sauce and cheese.  crust was inedible.This pizza really hits the mark for me. The sauce is what makes it so unique - sweet, tangy, wholesome - almost flavored like a tomato bisque but not exactly. You just have to try it to understand. 
The crust is nothing to gloss over either. It's light yet crispy, thin and complements the sauce. Nice line up of toppings to choose from as well. 
Seating is barstool style and a table or 2 outside. I've never had a problem finding a seat. BYOB too. My favorite pizza in Manayunk.Literally the dumbest employees ever. Guy working tonight taking order on phone couldn't answer simple questions. Lost my order even the grub hub employee who tried to help was like yea they hung up on me. Grub hub had to actually turn off their ordering since the guy was such an a hole. Zestos is better anyway.While out with my mother today we stopped by franzones for a quick salad, slice, and some wings. Let me tell you I was very pleased with the entire experience. Wings were tasty, salad was fresh, and the slice was great. The sauce is a bit sweet, and the crust had a nice crunch. Well worth the trip. Try the beat the clock special on Monday. Manayunk rejoice, you have franzones.Personnel does not seem to take hygiene / food safety too serious.
Pizza was meh, not good not bad.This review is just for the pizza as we got delivery. I highly the pizza was very good, I enjoyed the sweet sauce and the circular pattern of the cheese. The crust was very good it had a flaky taste but the bottom portion was very thin and a little to crisp for my liking. They only have one size so when we saw that the pepperoni was $21, we expected a very large pie but received a normal-sized pie. As much as I enjoyed the pizza, I think it was very overpriced. I will go there at some point to eat in since its byob and maybe the price of a slice will be more reasonable.I really wanted to love Franzones due to the convenient location and my desire for a solid local pizza joint. That being said, after my third meal here I have concluded that while the service is provided with a smile, the menu leaves a great deal to be desired.
My first take out order went awry when I received a Margherita pizza that was a pasty mess of pale dough, drenched in terribly sweet sauce, with wilted basil thrown on top. The mozzarella was nowhere to be seen and our friend who was visiting commented he had "never seen such an ugly pizza."
Our second order resulted in a mediocre cheesesteak  (stick to Sorrentino's across the street.)
Today was the final meal. We ordered a cheese pizza, sandwich, and wrap. The pizza came with way too much sauce, flavorless cheese, and the dough while crunchy tasted heavily of flour and was pale in appearance. My wrap, was served warm without the parmesan or Caesar dressing it was meant to be composed of. It was inedible and my significant other's sandwich was tossed after several bites.
I'll forgo the convenience for a meal more palatable. Sadly, this Franzone's seems worlds apart from the other locations. Two stars for service and a sad tummy still rumbling.Delivery takes over an hour and it showed up cold.  Kind of a shame because it would be one of the better Manayunk pizzas if they were more attentive to these service aspects.I love their pizza OMG. The sweetness of the tomato sauce with the light salted cheese blend very well together. I Work in King of Prussia so we always order from the Bridgeport location. I had no idea they have one right here close to me which is a definite plus. We ordered at 11:15pm and got us our pizza by 11:45pm. Late night pizza is great pizza...Ordered a whole pie and couldn't even finish the first slice. The toppings were good but the sauce and crust were way too sweet. Pizza should be savory.I have to say, the first pie I got from here was on point, and ever since, the quality has gotten worse and worse. I honestly think at this point I'll just go to the Conshy location because their product is consistent.Got delivery on a Friday night.. showed up to my door rather quick. The pizza was very good. The sauce is sweet and delicious. I also got wings which I was not that impressed with.. Classic bar food breaded wings that were not very crispy. The wing sauce was decent but nothing outstanding. Overall I would order again only for the pizza and to try some other menu options!We have been eating at the Conshy location - which is a full restaurant- for many years. The restaurants have great breakfast, salads, etc. This location is for pizza products and garlic bread only IMHO. It's true - you will like or hate this pizza. That's the whole point of it! This location is smaller so it's a different experience but pizza is the same. The pizza is exactly like each review says - whether it's a positive or negative one. Sounds crazy but my son and I love it and my other 2 kids think it's horrible. So even in our family we are split. It doesn't make sense to me for people to say pizza should be a certain way. Each place makes pizza differently. If you have a sweet tooth and like a lot of sauce and thin/breads crust (not crispy) - you will like this. Otherwise you will not. So try it - and if it's not for you then move on. I do think the delivery issues are important and although they warn you - delivery times are at least an hour. They deliver to us even though we are technically outside the area that the website says they deliver to you. And if you call from your landline you don't have to give them your address - makes me nuts that every week I have to tell our fav Chinese take out place our address and phone number. So - the reason that the reviews are so split is because it's a very unique pizza. You will always know if your eating a Franzones pizza. My son and I say pour in the sugar and slather with sauce - we even order it w extra sauce. We need forks to eat it because it's soft. My other kids would rather starve then eat this pizza. So to each their own with Franzones.I love their pizza OMG. The sweetness of the tomato sauce with the light salted cheese blends very well together. I Work in King of Prussia so we always order from the Bridgeport location. I had no idea they have one right here close to me which is a definite plus. We ordered at 11:15pm and got us our pizza by 11:45pm. Late night pizza is great pizza...This was the first restaurant I went to when I moved to Manayunk about 6 months ago, and I keep going back. Their pizza is unique. The sauce is sweeter. The cheese is in the circle pattern. Their crust is on point. I could eat a whole meal of just their pizza crust. I love ordering their pepperoni pizza with mushroom and black olives. I wasn't a huge fan of their calzones, but then again, I'm not sure if I like calzones in general so I can't fault them for that. Their delivery service is very fast. I also like sitting outside when it's nice out. It's a great location for people watching. Perfect for those summer evenings.The. Best. Pizza. Ever. So happy to have Franzone's in Manayunk so that I don't have to drive all the way to Conshohocken for my fix.  I actually prefer the gluten free pizza.  I wish they made a size bigger than 10 inches, maybe one day... The signature sauce!!!! Is amazing!Very good boardwalk style pizza. I highly recommend the cheesesteak egg rolls. This pizza is more saucy than cheesy, so if you're looking for a super cheesy pie, this probably won't be it. I happen to love sauce, so I don't mind! Recommend ordering from the actual restaurant and not grubhubFranzones made it to Manayunk. Great pizza ! Just as good as other locations. Plain is delicious, and so is the pepperoni.After seeing a bunch of eateries come and go from this corner, I am confident Franzone's has what it takes to stick around for the long term. However, having just finished a club sandwich, I must say it was not a lot of food for the $. I am still hungry. Savvy Yunkers know they can get a more substantive meal in the sandwich/hoagie genre for the same price or less at Sorrentino's or even Palm Tree. If they haven't already, I think the management would be wise to venture to their competitors and see what they are providing in terms of bang--in this case turkey, cheese, fixings--for the buck. Good crispy bacon, though. The soda also lacked bubbles, sweet potato fries soggy, and the slice I ate was not hot, but maybe they hurried it because I said I was hungry. Now that they have been here for a few months, some fine-tuning would go a long way.
Overall, the decor, open design, and countertop seating overlooking Cresson are a huge improvement and appealing. I also liked some of the salads on the original menu that are sometimes not available--those would be big hits in Yunk.This place is all about personal preference.  Do you like your sauce very sweet or not.  For me, the sauce is just not good.  I actually ordered a cheesesteak and fries from here but asked for a side of pizza sauce to try.  Not my thing.  I also asked for marinara sauce as sometimes I like to turn my cheesesteak into a pizza steak.  The marinara was AWFUL....no spices added at all....tasted like someone squeezed tomatoes into a cup and served it.  I watched the guy make my cheesesteak and was amazed to see nothing added....he literally pulled the frozen meat out, put it on the grill, and cooked it.....added some onions eventually but no salt, pepper, etc.  People are friendly but there are far better pizza and food options.  Pat's and Bobby's (the last place in this space) was 100 times better.I finally feel capable of reviewing the pizza here now that I've had it several times (including tonight). As I've heard from other people, you typically either love or hate the sweet sauce. I don't hate it, but it's definitely not my thing. I mean, if I need a quick bite, I will stop here for some slices without any problems. But for my personal preference, the sauce is meh. I get that some people are all about it and that's awesome! I've also had sammiches from here several times and they are definitely less than on par. It's mostly a pizza place, any sammiches lack any thought and/or seasoning. Service is always pleasant and quick. Unfortunately for me, Franzone's is really nothing to write home about.I'm not sure what's going on at this place but it really has gone down hill yet the prices are still on the higher side of pizza shops.
I rarely feel ripped off when ordering from a pizza shop but ordering 2 large pizzas and 36 wings for $70 then getting wings the size of my pinky. no I don't have huge giant hands I have average hands.
the pizza is decent but even that has gone a bit downhill. their other locations definitely taste better. 
probably won't be ordering from here anymore.Happy to have Franzone's in manayunk. It's a unique taste, something I personally have to be specifically craving but glad it's right here whenever I want it. Was here soon after their opening and the pizza was spot on and service was super friendly & delivery was quick. Will be ordering again soon!The only people who could possibly like this pizza are drunk at 2am.  The crust has no flavor, the sauce is too sweet, and the cheese is gross.  Ordered delivery to see what all the hype was about, took too long.  We also receive coupons we could not use.  No thanks!Franzone's Manayunk has awesome pizza. If you don't like sweet sauce then you may not like it. If you are unsure, you need to at least try it. It's like no other pizza I've ever had. Hoagies and steaks are Delish as well, especially a pizza steak with the sweet sauce!New to the area, and just took a chance on this place 
Gotta say no issues, they do the pizza the way you ask
I like my crust well done and half onion and pepperoni. And EVERYTIME I pick it up, it's done the way I want. I've been to other places in the area and some sorta get it right, most don't.
So I've seen some of the negative reviews, and honestly have no clue WTF they are talking about.
Good pizza the way you want it. Period!Chicken parm pizza is my favorite pie from anywhere ever. It's a nice, sweet sauce they use.Love Franzones! Know them from Bridgeport Pa. food and service is excellent. Welcome to Manayunk. Mary DFor drunken yuppies on weekend nights. 
Very bland, cardboard tasting pizzas with a way to sweet pizza sauce.
Not at all close to being as good as their original Bridgeport location. Well overpriced.
Desperation stop when nothing else is open.This is by far my favorite pizza!!! I like that the sauce is a little sweeter than normal pizza. And the salads are really good too. Big enough to share and great options! Try it so gooood!!!This is the worst pizza I've had in recent memory. I actually ate it 5 minutes ago and it was so infuriatingly bad, I dropped what I was doing to warn against anyone making the same mistake we did. If you're looking for a warm, gooey cheese pizza (which I was), go someplace else. Literally do not even think about going here. First, the sauce is SWEET. Like, really sweet. That would have been somewhat tolerable, but this swirl thing they do results in thin layers of cold, congealed cheese in between mounds of sweet sauce. Why - for god's sake, WHY - is the cheese so cold? The crust was so underdone, it was basically raw. Basically no redeeming qualities. We actually picked up the pizza about ten minutes after ordering it, so I'd hate to see how cold and gross it gets if you order delivery. Will never order from here again. So disappointing.We love the sweeter sauce and Franzones is still our number 1 go-to for pizza, so I have to update my previous bad review (which was only bad because of the soda I got). Even if you dont think you'd like a sweeter sauce on pizza, try it out at least twice before saying it isnt for you!Long time fan of the Bridgeport and Conshohocken locations. Have tried this location 3 times now and it holds up. Style is pretty much identical to the Conshy store.
For those that haven't tried this, the sauce is VERY sweet and the pie is relatively light on cheese. I have friends who agree this pizza is legendary. And I have (former) friends who just aren't into the style. It's a little different than most places, but for my money this is the best pizza in philly, with tacconellis the only possible exceptionDecided to order for the first time, maybe they just had a bad day? My pizza came mushy, toppings slid right off. The cheese is white and gummy with no flavor. Also, I had a hard time finding the sausage? I mean, I saw a few pieces but definitely not $28 dollars worth. The sauce is sweet, which I typically like but what I got was a pizza that was just pizza soup with no redeeming quality to speak of. Now, I thought the staff was nice, the place looks like a pizza place, no issues with those two things. Did they have a bad day? I'm not sure, but I won't order $28 dollar pizza unless all others pizza places close. Ate two pieces, picked a sausage off and the rest went in trash.For the service here I would honestly give a 1 but the quality of the pizza is pretty good. I want to love this place because my friends swear by it but the service here just doesn't cut it. Yes they are fast with your order and yes the pizza does taste pretty good(maybe one of the better places in manayunk) however the servers/cooks (whoever I have encountered on the phone) have always been extremely rude every time I order from here. Also every time I order pizza from here the slices are cut very carelessly and uneven- some of the slices are cut into tiny slivers while the other half of the pie has huge slices- just totally disproportional and seems as if they don't care about customer satisfaction. As a whole it honestly makes my dining experience poor and I would rather spend my money else where instead of a place that doesn't value their customers and are just plain rude. It's disappointing because this place has a lot of potential but until the attitude of the workers here improve I would suggest spending your money elsewhere.I went in on Sunday afternoon after calling them call to make sure I could buy their pizza dough from them. They were extremely helpful and welcoming. When I picked them up they gave me a few tips on how to use the dough for the pizzas/calzones I was making on my own. Great place and great staff!!I go here entirely too often!!  I've been obsessed with their pizza for years and just thrilled that they opened outside of the Bridgeport/Conshy locations which have been around for decades.  Other favorites are their Zeps and regular soup selections.  
If you never had a sweet sauce on pizza like this, you may initially not love it, but trust me, go back a few times, it gets addictive rather quickly!  Keep it simple, plain or pepperoni.
The staff is friendly and efficient, a welcome addition to Manayunk.Ignore the bad reviews!
If you're like me, you read a review on sweet sauce and went, "What the fuck?"
That means you already made your mind up. I know because I did too. I've been living here for 2 years and always ate at Mike's Pizza. We all know Mike's Pizza...
Drunk college kids, a girl crying with a broken heel, some girl behind the register with a bad attitude, and employees who definitely tried to take the ship from Captain Phillips.
Well, I kept eating at Mike's because I read a review on sweet sauce and the thought of it turned me off..
Until one day I popped my head into Franzone's with my girlfriend. 
We said we were hesitant to purchase a slice we might not get down with due to the sweet sauce.
Get this...the guy behind the counter hands me two slices for free! Just so we could try before we buy. That in itself showed a bit of confidence in their product.
Since then we have become loyal customers to Franzone's. Is the sauce a little sweet? Yeah, but it's mild and actually adds a nice twist on a pie. It's easily become my favorite pizza in Manayunk. The staff is also super cool and easygoing. If you're feeling hesitant like I was, just go for it. You might surprise yourselfgod awful french fries. they were inedible. its like they tried to disappoint me. for that I should give them 5 stars. I wish I could get my money back so I could burn it in front of the owner and show them a better use of my money. I will never return. Seriously if you mess up fries this bad you deserve to be out of business.Good crust, sweet sauce, 4$ and change for two slices. Will return for a honey chicken wrap one day.Tried for the first time Friday night. We got a white pizza. It was delicious and not messy or greasy at all. Will definitely be going back!I've had my share of Philly cheesesteaks but this spot really sets the bar for classic tasty cheesesteak using high quality bread, meat, and cheese. The ribeye steak is locally sourced and the hoagie roll is light and fluffy with a crunchy outside as if it came out of the oven. There was very little to no greasy running out of the bun leaving you to enjoy the tastiness of the ingredients. Highly recommend to anyone in the area and to tourists who want the 'real deal' Philly cheesesteak which is one that has provolone cheese and NOT cheese whiz! We will be back!!After taking a trip down south for a week, I was craving an Italian hoagie. I decided to give this place a shot as I have driven past it so many times. Let me tell you, I was not disappointed and definitely cured my fix. All ingredients were balanced, fresh, and on point. Customer service was great and down to earth. The sandwich went from just made to in my belly in a matter of minutes. I will definitely be back.I have been looking for a pizza place with a sweet sauce since moving to Philadelphia from northeastern PA where that style of sauce is fairly popular.  Someone mentioned Franzone's to me in passing and highlighted the fact that they have a sweet sauce and was excited to try.  It did not disappoint! Delicious! Great crust too!  Will definitely be ordering again!How does this place only have 3.5 stars?! That's crazy. Seriously good pizza, and out the door under $20 for a large, I'm in! The sauce is definitely sweet, but not overwhelming! I called ahead (around 5pm) and placed an order to be picked up at 7:15pm. I walked in at 7:13 and my pizza was coming out of the oven! Perfect!After reading other reviews on here and after my first experience I guess I should not have ordered the pizza here. It was unbelievably disgusting. The first time I ordered the pizza it was mediocre. This last time was by far the worse pizza I ever had delivered. I would prefer a frozen pizza from the local grocery store before I order here again and I don't do frozen pizza. The problem isn't the sauce. That is unique to this place and while I am not a fan of the sweet sauce the pizza had far more problems then just being too sweet. The pizza was swimming in sauce. Literally dripping off the slice as you tried to eat it. Also the toppings were scarce. So basically you ended up with some sort of sweet tomato soup and some dough to dip it in. Do yourself a favor and order elsewhere.You'll either love it or hate it. My fam loves this stuff, their sauce is super sweet. I'd prefer a slice with 70% sauce 30%cheese. Some people hate the sauce though... crazy peopleComing from New York,  especially from Brooklyn,  I'm very critical of pizza lol. But it was great.This pizza was a hate crime to all Italians and also everyone, and their onion rings are fake. Real fast delivery tho. (All stars for the delivery)
Seriously the food was so sus the dog wouldn't eat it.Ordered buffalo chicken cheesesteak pizza and plain crust with dried checked pieces. No sauce. No cheese. Prob the worst pizza I've ever had.Very underwhelming. I was excited to try because I am always looking for a new delivery place to add to my list. I ordered an extra sauce/ well done pizza, wings, and a Cobb salad. The pizza was drowned in sauce, virtually inedible, and very soggy. The salad was bland with very little avocado. The wings were nothing special. There are much better wings. We will not be ordering from here again.