I NEVER write reviews, but the people need to know! Just went to this place yesterday after buying a groupon i had to redeem. Aside from their wonderful product, they are some of the most personable and kind people you could ever encounter. It is soooo REFRESHING to come across people who actually enjoy what they do! They made a wonderful impression and I would definitely make the trip again for the great service and pastries!I tried a cronut. Upon first bite, I wasn't crazy about it - I thought the icing was too sweet and the dough too heavy. However, once I muscled past that, I really like the combination, since the dough itself is really not too sweet. This made for a great pairing with the icing, which is fairly lightly applied.This is a little hole in the wall on the south side of Philly that when I lived close I was a regular. this is an awesome donut shop with variety and great fillings! I loved how you got to choose your own and watch them fill it right in front of you. You have to get there early as the casing donuts run out in the afternoon... yes they are that popular and yummy!Some of my favorite donuts in the city!! The sugary twisted ones are my favorite and the chocolate dipped are my second favorite! Go early in the morning and get them when they're warm!! The cannolis are good too!The napolitano ice cream doughnut sandwich was completely worth the 12 mile bike trip from my house.  The old fashioned doughnuts, friendly service and great location deep in South Philly make this a great lunch stop.Nice mom and pop bakery in south philly. They have a variety of donuts..and . Cronuts!! I like frangelli's because I don't feel so heavy after I eat from them. Prices are a bit higher than commercial bakery but you are paying for quality !Donuts+canolli = Danilo! The best of both worlds for $2. The donut is a little dense, but the cream makes up for it. It is not greasy or overly sweet. The employees weren't the nicest though.I don't normally say anything is the best at what they do because there's always someone else out there doing it better. But Frangelli's does make the best donuts around here. The fact that they fill them to order and then sugar them just sweetens the pot. Thank God they are not within walking distance or I wouldn't be able to walk anymore. Try one stuffed with jelly AND cream. It's donut heaven.Sub-Par Pastries at best. 
I entered the bakery expecting something at least passable for friendly, and inviting, and found neither. the staff (two young ladies) were unfriendly and uninviting. I asked about certain pastries and was responded to rather cooly. I also did not appreciate the credit card minimum being $10 considering their contract with VISA strictly states that they cannot charge a minimum fee. (This policy may have changed, but for what I know it has not)
I ended up buying a variety of items in order to reach the minimum requirement, so I sampled  2 cannoli, 1 cream puff and a prune pastry. The cream for the cannoli and puffs were gritty and lumpy, and tasted like poorly mixed pudding. I tasted both the vanilla and chocolate cream fillings and was very disappointed. The only good item out of the bunch was the prune pastry and it was still only sub-par Not enough filling for the pastry, and the pastry was somewhat dry. I was definitely disappointed in what I receive especially for a bakery in South Philly. I will definitely pony up the cash and walk the extra few blocks to Termini Brothers instead.This place is pretty good! Their donuts are really great; only thing I would complain about is their little cookies they have..my daughters got the chocolate chip ones and they weren't that good, especially for the price they were! I thought they were too expensive for small little cookies (that didn't even taste too good). But overall, it's a good bakery.I wanted donuts this weekend. I was thinking about Frangelli's on Saturday and while visiting Yelp over the weekend I saw Frangelli's was the ROTD that day (which also happened to be my birthday)! What! I took it as some sort of a sign. So on Sunday morning I ventured deep into the bowels of South Philadelphia to see what Frangelli's was all about. 
It is a small corner business that runs like a Swiss (Italian?) timepiece. I picked up a half dozen mixed donuts for $4.50 and when I got back to my car I sent myself straight into diabetic shock with one glazed donut, a bite of a jelly donut, and a bite of a cake donut with orange icing. The glazed was my favorite - dense and mad sweet. The cake was solid, also, although they aren't my preference. The jelly donut was covered in powdered sugar and I had to wait until I got home to ritualistically scoop out the majority of the mystery fruit jelly. This was also delicious. 
In addition to donuts, they offer many other baked goods, including cupcakes, gingerbread, call-ahead birthday cakes, sticky buns and more. My dad worked in a bakery most of my life, so I am a baked good fiend at heart and I'd say the donuts here stack up against some of my favorites. Excellent, all around.Frangelli's is home to the Frannoli: A big heaping of cannoli cream sandwiched between two classic donuts. It's hard to go wrong here. I like my cannoli cream a little sweeter than what was served here, but the fluffiness and texture of the donut more than made up for it. At just $3 this little store front in Lower Moyamensing serves up tons of sweets and baked goods, including full cakes. 
Here's a tip: order a head of time to avoid the line. They lay all orders out on the table in front of the counter.Delicious donuts!! Definitely going to make this a stop any time I am in the area now. Got a few Creme filled donuts and they did not disappoint. Also the ladies working here are super friendly! Definitely recommendMy mother ate Frangellis Cream Puffs when she was pregnant with me & today they are still my favorite! This little bakery is the best little bakery in South Philly and I've been spoiled for years.  Every birthday was a Frangellis Strawberry Shortcake, which we ordered 2 weeks before my birthday because they closed the end of August for vacation, every evening was a walk to Frangellis for those sugary twists to have with coffee.  The chocolate donuts are 2nd to none.  Beware of the hand filled jelly donuts that will explode with jelly when you bite into them, or the hand filled cream donuts bursting with delicious cream,  the spice cake with chocolate frosting...YUM! and those cinnamon sticks they are making now??? addictive... the ice cream donut, dear god, my husband craves them!  I live near another local bakery and on St. Josephs day I ran in and just stood there, thinking, "what are you doing? these look horrible"! I left, jumped a cab on Broad St, and straight to Frangelli's for the lightest, most lushest, St. Josephs cake...I had the cab driver wait, all the while telling him about Frangelli's bakery and how great the cakes where...one very happy cab driver on the ride back...his very first Frangelli Chocolate Donut! I am positive he went back!Donolli!   An airy yet dense donut sliced in half and filled with cannolli filling.  How is this not five stars?Some of the most decadent and delicious doughnuts to be found, while still retaining traditional donut making techniques. Worth the trip.They were out of a lot of donuts when we went around 2PM.  But the regular glazed donut was top notch.I've driven by this little corner bakery many-a-times, and finally had a chance to stop in.  I didn't get to read reviews before stopping by, so I just asked about what was the most popular, which was apparently their cream-filled donuts.  With the warm weather, I opted to just try something a little less overwhelming.  It ended up being a little flaky cinnamon, raspberry pretzel shaped goodie!  Buttery and crispy, it was glazed lightly to give a slight crunch.  It was everything I was looking for:  light, flavorful, not overwhelmingly sweet, crunchy, and tasty!  There was a lot more that I wanted to feast on, but I kept myself in check...for now!Ok, let me just say that if you love cannolis and you love donuts then you'll definitely love Frangelli's. I'm a huge fan of Termini Bros cannoli but damn was my mind blown by the Frannoli! Donut was soft and you could taste the freshness, while the cannoli cream perfectly balanced out the sweetness. It was heavenly! Don't forget to try their version of the cronut or doughsant. For me it was next to perfection, I loved the chew to it, the large croissant butter holes in it, and again the sweetness was balanced perfectly. Most places who attempt to make the cronut don't seem to get it right. Frangelli's is spot on, only second to Dominique Ansel Bakery in New York.Great donuts and red velvet cake.  My kids and I went there because we heard of their awesome donuts.  We were not disappointed.  I had a glazed donuts that was spectacular.  
If you are in the neighborhood and want to get a great donut or need to take tasty baked goods to a dinner party, this is a great place to visit.Parking is a little tough but it is worth the visit! It was one of the BEST donuts I've ever had! I got the one with chocolate frosting. If you're in Philly, this is a must try!Donuts are tasty.. esp the famous cannoli donut. The other croissant donut was ok. We regretted not getting another cannoli donut. It could have used a little more choc chips. The coffee was ehhh .. not very hot. The staff is not friendly or welcoming at all.. they practically ignore you unless they know you. Kinda expected that anyway... glad we got the donut though.Amazing! I grew up living on the same block as the bakery. I love the small cozy feel. Best donuts ever. They have an amazing bavarian creme. I can't wait to go back and is at the top of my list of places to go when I visit from NH.A go to spot if you're in South Philly.  I have only tried to the signature "Franolli" a hybrid mash up of a cannoli and doughnut but will be back to try the rest.  The filling was just the right amount of sweet with ricotta and chocolate chips and the doughnut itself was fresh and not too dense.I absolutely LOVE Frangelli's donuts! I have not had better.  They have a unique and fresh texture and they are just so good...you really have to try them to understand.  The chocolate icing is to die for!!! Their glaze is amazing too. 
I also love their cronuts - a croissant and a donut together.  Again, you have to try it to know what I mean but they are delicious.The Frannoli turned out to be everything I imagined it would be - light, soft, fluffy, and delicious! I knew that they couldn't go wrong with combining two of my favorite things: doughnuts and cannoli. The doughnut portion was fresh - moist and soft in the center - whereas the cannoli cream was very smooth and light, with some chocolate chips dispersed throughout. It was not too sweet, nor too greasy, which I really appreciated. I did not feel like death after eating it and could probably have eaten 11 more in one sitting. Sad about the tough location to get to and the $3 pricing per piece (seems like they used to be less), but these tasty treats are definitely worth the hike to have once in a while!Forget about Dunkin Donuts, this is the real doughnut place in Philadelphia! Even before you cross the street, you will smell the sweet fresh bakeries. The place is tiny, but hey you just want to take your doughnuts and go! The glazed doughnuts I bought were amazing and were just mega flaky as well as sweet. This place will definitely not break the bank if you are on a budget and want something sweet. I will frequent here much more often since it is only around the corner from me.I saw Frangelli's canolli donut on TV. Disappointment. This is another case of people convincing themselves that they have found some great Philly specialty. The doughnut pastry was tough and had no airy texture. The filling was clearly not pure ricotta and sugar. It recalls the kind of cream filling that you might get at a chain doughnut store. In fact, the Fangeolli was very commercial product tasting. 
There is a reason why Isgro is Isgro and Termini is Termini. Stick with the real thing.I had found this place on yelp and decided to give it a try. I got there early morning on a saturday and they had all types of donuts in the window. I decided to go with a few eclairs and frannolis. To say these were delicious would be an understatement. The frannoli lived up to its hype and much more - the genious invention of putting cannoli cream in between a donut. The eclairs were better than I've had anywhere else. The travel all the way from the suburbs was worth it. Believe me when i say that you will want to get down to visit this bakery in the heart of south philly.Well, how let's start off with the service.
I am bias to say about the service but the moment I walked in I saw this beautiful smile at me coming from this short girl with blond hair, should have asked her name .. anyways. People there are fast and not afraid to answer your questions about the options. Their price is incredible because it's $1 donuts for Amazing quality! I had read reviews
And saw two that jumped out at me which was the sea salt and Nutella filled donut. I know they are known for the Cannoli filled donut but I'm not a fan of too much cream in my donut ! Maybe I will try next time.
Sea salt caramel: shouldn't be legal because it's my perfect combinations of flavor of the sweet caramel and sea salt rocks on top ! Very smooth donut and could have def ate more than 1, very light. 5/5
Nutella filled donut : I like the smooth feeling in your mouth of their dough that's not too heavy and in regards to the nuttela butter cream , it was good but I guess I was expecting a more rich Nutella favor ? It leaned a bit more to the butter flavor but don't get me wrong they don't skimp you on the feeling ! See the pics below.
Will def be back for more donuts and hopefully a date haha !Amazing bakery and smells amazing, the franoli is sooo worth getting.  Definitely a must check out place while in philly.Be sure to get the jelly doughnut filled with black raspberry jam.  It is fantastic!  Definitely the best doughnut I've had in Philly.  
Also recommended is the twist doughnut for a lighter, softer texture.  And the gingerbread which suprisingly comes with chocolate ice cream.
A half dozen doughnuts costs $4.50 and is surely worth the trip.Ordinarily I don't like donuts... but I LOVE FRANGELLI'S DONUTS. I can't believe I've lived a few blocks away from this place since 2006 and just found out about it a few days ago. 
I got an assorted half-dozen to share with my guy and I've taken a bite (or more than a bite) out of each and I think my favorites are the glazed and the jelly. And the cream-filled. 
Can't wait to go back to try their cupcakes and coffee cake!A classic South Philly staple. Their pumpkin roll was delicious and glazed donuts were exceptionally fresh. Close to my house and that is a dangerous combination 
Overall great service and nice people giving you a sweet taste of South Philadelphia.Frannoli - is amazing what is better then a fried cannoliThis was my first cronut from philly and second cronut overall.  It was definitely different from other pastries that i've had.  The previous cronut i tasted was filled with a jam of sort and way too sweet for my liking.  This one wasn't as sweet and overwhelming.  I just had the plain cronut here.  The creme filled version just looked too gluttonous for my liking.  So far so good guys.I can sum this review up in just a few words.
ICE CREAM DONUT!
Yes, you heard that right, ice cream + donut = delicious.
If you are a fan of either you would be doing a great disservice to yourself by not trying one.  While you are there pick up a twist or a jelly donut.
Be careful, one you try a Frangelli donut you may be hooked!
Best donuts in South Philly hands down.
Oh, Did I mention they now sell CRONUTS!!  WOW!Best Cinnabons and pastries !! Love this South philly gem. Prices are beyond fair, staff is so friendly, and they never disappoint!This place is the bomb. Best cronuts best doughnuts in the city. Friendly, patient staff. Once its summer you must try the ice cream doughnuts! Highly recommended. Think I might stop by today!Amazing little bakery in the heart of south Philly. Their donuts and sticky buns are top notch. Be sure to try the donut with cannoli cream in the center!My fondest memories of Frangelli's are coming with my dad and picking out the donuts and cookies i wanted almost every saturday morning when i was a kid. Frangelli's is definitely underrated in South Philadelphia. It is a classic italian bakery with delicious pastries. They're now home of the Franolli which is only $3,00. Its a powdered donut with cannoli cheese in the middle, its amazing. 
The donuts are great, if you haven't already you should definitely drop a visit.Got a dozen donuts.. The mix between the donut and cannoli was amazing, the chocolate flying was my favorite!! The sugar twist were also great. I wasn't a fan of the donuts filled with buttercream, and then had a different cream on the top. My parents said the coffee was very good as well.I've been coming here for years, even stayed loyal through the change of ownership years ago where the sweet older ladies who worked the counter were replaced by a younger, less friendly staff but it's a corner S. Philly bakery I'm not expecting over the top customer service. The white creme filling in their donuts is always good so I look past this subpar customer service & dirtiness of the bakers when they emerge from the back, it's kind of a turn off though to be honest, I mean their aprons are disgusting. 
Recently my past few experiences haven't been great, I can deal with a lot until I just can't anymore.
Pros:
- the white creme in their donuts is my favorite 
- now that they got more attn b/c of the cronut they usually have donuts later in the day where in the past that wasn't the case
Cons:
- Now that they are filling donuts to order there is no consistancy at all, 1 day you will get a donut that has so much filling you have to squeeze half of it out, others you get through 3 bites before there is any creme.
- Earlier this week as I was walking in there was a woman outside smoking a cigarette & seeing me pull up she rushed inside with me, walked around the counter & started waiting on people!  No washing of the hands, so you smoked, touched the door handle and now you are touching other things behind the counter (jelly dispensor, creme dispensor, etc) and MY Food without washing your hands or putting on a glove, oh hell no!  She was an heavy set woman with a grey Frangelli's hoodie on & reddish dyed hair. Then the woman baker who has been there for years (always eating, always a dirty apron, heavy set, very sloppy look to her) comes over, grabs at the cookies on the counter (no glove, no tissue paper) touching several in the process and takes a couple & eats them right there behind the counter talking with them in her mouth to the counter girl. Nope, that was it, I left.  That's the last straw!
- entire variety of donuts aren't available very early in the morning so can't grab them on the way to the office
- When you ask for a certain donut that is not in the counter the 2 usual responses, "I think they are making more" (but they never bother to go check) or "I guess we're out" (again never an attempt made to check in the back with the bakers)
- No real greeting from the counter staff, they are almost always very involved in a conversation with each other and make no attempt to stop it while they wait on you, which was also noted in outher reviews.
From now I will drive the extra few blocks and go to Baker Bros @ 3rd & Wolf, the customer service is always so warm and pleasant and their donuts are always on point, never had a disappointing experience there in my life, just a little further from my house.The absolute BEST Powdered Jelly And Italian Cream Doughnuts in THE WORLD!!! These are real Doughnuts, not that air fluffed fried sugary crap. These are CAKE, dense, OMG. You have not lived until you have had one, and once you have NO ONE will ever be able to gloat at you waving a Krispy Crap or dunkin donut  again, because you've had a REAL doughnut! It's a shame what those people in the burbs who grow up in those vinyl siding houses don't experience. They only know from the strip mall across the street with the dunkin donuts, pizza, hut, subway and supercuts. Sad.So I really love their donuts and cinnamon buns BUT the customer service is a bit shaky. I am not sure if its because its Holidays that just past. But generally when a business will be closed during NORMAL business hours, its professional to leave notification by phone & storefront.  And I risked driving down from Cheltenham area a few times only to find that they were CLOSED in the middle of the day and the middle of the week.  *sigh* 
To end my rant..... Frangelli's please post signs both inside and outside and leave a nice voice greeting on your phone so I won't have to waste my gas for the crack addicting Baked Goods!! Ugh!Donuts were amazing- light, fluffy, chewy and good sized. The Cream filled Cronut was really something and the glazed donut was nothing to scoff at either. Will return for more soon!Came in with a Groupon, left a diabetic.
Everything here was amazing. I could write a long, poetic review, but such will be lost time spent reading when you could already be heading toward the best donuts in Philly.
Go! Stop reading these reviews! Leave now!Frangelli's is perhaps the best kept secret in Philly. The donuts are fresh and won't set you back twenty bucks like some of the more well-known establishments. We got 3 sticky buns, 1 regular donut and a cannoli donut all for around $6. Yes, I said cannoli donut - what's better than a cannoli filling? Maybe ice cream filling, which Frangelli's also has. 
While Frangelli's donut displays aren't fancy-looking, the quality and the price of their product will keep me coming back whenever I get a hankering for something sweet.Worth the drive from West Chester. Red velvet cake was excellent, as were the donuts. Love the Frannoli.  The young lady working behind the counter was very friendly. Would definitely recommend.I finally got my hands on a cronut! Possibly a full year after the craze ended, but still, here I am. We drove all the way to this little local bakery in hopes of finding the donut I could no longer live without and well.....they came pretty close.
We arrived around 2 pm and the hallway-like bakery was almost out of stock. Although no lines, 3 very friendly women greeted us eager to take our order. There was a tray of assorted donuts that looked fresh, glazed, chocolatey and ready to enter my belly. I naively asked about the split open ones that had excessive filling and long and behold, they were mighty cronuts! In the fear of them being the best thing on earth, we got two of those and a cannoli stuffed donut for a pretty steep $9.
We took them home to devour after brunch settled and they were just as fresh. I must say that I don't know if it was the hype that ruined a cronut for me or the disgusting twinkie like cream filling. Bleh. The clear winner was the cannoli donut, which had the most perfect thick cannoli filling and a french cruller style donut on the outside...aka heaven for a fat girl.
Overall the place is such a cute little spot, no frills, except for the price tag.when did it change from a donnolli to a franolli? frankly...i wasnt impressed, piping cannoli filling into a doughy shell i give the nod to a pizza shop in center city[too drunk to recall the name] that makes zeppolies and slices them in half to pipe in some cannoli filling. The only ossue i have with this other place is that they didn't freshen up the powdered sugar, if you let it sit in the case it will absorb into the oil, this place im referring to needs to shake some sugar on it when sold. the DONNOLLI is basically a dry jelly donut pre injection, sliced in half and cannoli cream piped in, not memorable. i did however enjoy their tradional cakey donuts...i need to make another stop in soon.These donuts are absolutely as good as all the 5-star reviews. They are a short 1.3mi from John's Roast Pork, and many other popular sites, and they very much deserve a star on the food map in the area.
$1 per donut !!!!!!
Fresh, even at 3 in the afternoon on a random weekday. Extremely fresh.
Absolutely delicious. Light and fluffy, but full of sweetness and rich flavor.
The salted caramel donut is absolutely AMAZING!!!  We will be making special trips into the city just for more of this sucker. YUM!
Peanut Butter and Jelly donut is very good, but we could have done without the grape jelly. Almost any other flavor of jelly would have been better: strawberry, raspberry, peach... top choices there. Just not grape. These are also $1 each.
They have some really imaginitive work going into a simple donut, but it's not overworked. It's straightforward, and just dang good.
We also had the frannoli today! (This one is $3 each.)
Yes, for us it was all it is hyped up to be. SO GOOD!
I was cautious because despite growing up in the 'burbs, knowing oodles of kids with Ital. ancestry, I never liked cannolis, and I really disliked pizelles. I just never had the taste for Italian sweets, neither the Americanized Philly version of Italian desserts, nor most of what I've eaten in Italy (save for their gelatto and rum-ganache cakes). Point is, I normally pass up cannolis of any kind, but the frannoli was worth all those calories. Totally. And I would never say that about a cannoli.
All in all a total steal of a deal for the level of quality and taste. Fresh, non-processed, handmade, today, and extremely well-developed flavor. A+++++
We were going to try Swiss Haus in Rittenhouse Square, but did not want to fight traffic at the time we had available to go. We checked Yelp and saw this place and we are SOOOOO glad we chose Frangelli's. We will be back!Best place ever!!! Get the famous franolli and ice cream donuts! The customer service is amazing and they engage in conversations with everyone. The owner is such a down to earth guy. Great bakery, I'll never go to another one.The Franollis are delicious. However the attention to the costumer is very poor, the ladies working there look mad and angry. The bakery is not the most charming one I've ever been. Overall the prices are good $3 for one franolli.Very nice and friendly staff. It's worth it to go just for the donuts that are failed to your liking right in front of you when you order.  It is definitely fun and my jelly donut was great.  Also, it was filled to its maximum.
Note, that they have donuts, cannolis and St. Joe's pastries and the like, but not all of the Italian cookies that a larger place will have.  Maybe, that's why this place is so great-it's a smaller, more family run business.Heard this place was great, I then tried a chocolate cake and couldn't stop eating it. I then chose to get a birthday cake. Looks like the wrong place for any design or writing. I cant believe the writing for a bakery, maybe they just thrive on taste and franollies. The writing looked like a beginner without supervision which believes me to think the standards and detail aren't important here. I hope and i'm sure the taste is better than what it looks like. If it does taste great, I may buy another in the future but leave it blank and i'll write the name. So this is the representation, the presentation that identifies their name when family and friends ask, where is from and i'll say Frangelli's.
UPDATE: Too funny and a shame. Before presented some people wanted to take a look and they legit asked, did I(we, my fiance and I) do the art work and writing. The birthday person even asked after we sang to him. The taste was good though, the icing and cake. The only other flutter was burn crust was left on. Like I said before, attention to detail, not their specialty and at that point, it was like, really, it's a bakery...come on. Hey maybe the art work isn't what they do and was something they just did to best they could, if so I thank whoever for trying but if this is something your supposed to do then practice is needed.The best donuts in Phila. The jelly and cream are unsurpassed, as are their specialty donuts!
Our so philly secret is out and all the people that have been getting ripped off at federal donuts are invading!
Half the price and twice as good .wow.  i am obsessed with their donuts and so are my kids.  go to this place most saturdays and it is a highlight.  workers are great and it feels and is authentic.  one of my favorite places to go.Frangelli's is a great South Philly staple with great donuts. Be careful when looking for it because it can be kind of easy to miss nestled in between townhouses on a local block. The place is more for getting something to go rather than eating in. 
Frangelli's is a typical South Philly spot - family owned, great food, friendly staff, hours change depending on stock or how busy it is. I saw some complaints about their hours, but like all small family owned shops in South Philly they will close about 2 weeks of the year for vacation which is normal for this area. Just call to make sure. I always bring cash when going to any place in South Philly but this spot might take cards, not sure.
The cronuts are really good here but to me the donuts are just as good and a little cheaper. The item you have to try is not the cronut, but the ice cream donut that they have in the summer. Probably my favorite dessert/summer treat of all time. They also have good cakes and other baked items for parties here but usually I stick with the donuts. Definitely a must try in South Philly.This place is absolutely incredible. The 2 must-haves...the frannoli (a donut filled with cannoli cream, incredible!!) and the cinnamon buns, definitely worth busting your diet for. And of course, the donuts, jelly, cinnamon, chocolate iced there are so many to choose from and they are all delicious. This little bakery in South Philly definitely has the best donuts & baked goods in the city!Just had a dozen for me and some friends this morning.  The dough makes all the doughnuts chewy yeasty treats.  The fillings and toppings will make some of these doughnuts your favorite.  The cream filled is like I've never had anywhere else, edging on marshmallow fluff but not so jarringly sweet.  The jelly filled (everyone says they are the best) are  filled with preserves, this is not corn syrup crap, this is real fruit.  The Chocolate frosting is delicious.  Yum.  
Regarding the service: I feel like this is part of the south Philly charm.  It is what it is.
You'll forget it when you taste the doughnut.Went here a couple of weeks ago for "Franolli day." If you love doughnuts and cannolis, this place is a must try! Their signature Franolli wasn't too sweet as anticipated, but instead had a perfect ratio of fluffy dough to cannoli filling with every bite. They also have other baked goods including cupcakes which were equally delicious and extremely fresh. This place is definitely a bucketlist bakery if you've got a sweet tooth.Omg. The cannoli cream donut aka the Franolli is definitely worth the calorie splurge. It's heaven. Everything here is super fresh and super delicious. Great treats for entertaining and office meetings. Truly Italian. Truly authentic South Philly. I love this place. Everything is amazing. Ten stars!!!!!Get the chocolate glazed donut and treasure even bite. I have never had a donut that was so soft and moist - it's clear everything is baked fresh. The cinnamon stick is also a great choice and my other favorite is the sticky bun. The only thing is that they are located a bit in the middle of nowhere, so it's definitely a destination stop and there is no indoor seating but thats pretty minor given the quality of the pastries.Donuts were tasty, especially the fried exterior. The Italian cream filling was a bit tasteless, but I appreciated that in comparison to a lot of fillings that are always tooth-achingly sweet. Jelly donut was pretty solid. My only qualm was their version of the Cronut. It didn't have cream in it and it wasn't crispy at all. They should rather make them fresh to order for in store orders.Oh man -- delicious doughnuts filled when you order them for a great price -- this place is fantastic. A local corner bakery that embodies the South Philly vibe, this place is great.
I enjoy the cannoli doughnuts, but for me the stand out is really those doughnuts they hand fill when you order. Italian cream is my favorite, but you can't go wrong with the others as well.
Craving one of the best doughnuts in the city at a reasonable price? Come here and have your dreams come true! Mmmmmmmm.By far the best donuts in Philadelphia !
They fill the cream and jelly donuts while you wait . 
Nobody does it better !I have a shrine dedicated to Frangelli's glazed doughnuts in my basement.  Every month I must sacrifice a dozen at the altar.
Great sticky buns and gingerbread too.It's so weird that they didn't have a menu on display. We didn't know what we could possibly get from this place... 
But good thing I had an insider tip from Dave H. about their ice cream doughnuts! A block of ice cream inside a doughnut. 
All their doughnuts here are so cheap I couldn't believe it when she told me to pay up: 89 cents, please. It made me feel like I should be ordering by the dozens. Or hundreds.These are probably the best price-to-delicious donuts you can find in Philly or really anywhere else. The Frannoli is amazing, but so are all of the other filled donuts. You won't be disappointed!Do these people ever answer the phone?  Or at least please update the voicemail message or the website. One day I will eat here and hopefully it's worth the hassle.How have I lived here for 11 years and never been to this place. They don't advertise like Isgro's or Potito's, but it has wonderful pastries AND cronuts.Not one to be satisfied by a few bites of water ice for dessert my last stop of the afternoon was at Frangelli's Bakery on Ritner St, a very aged spot where I'd targeted an ice cream donut sandwich only to be thwarted by a lack of ice cream that day - a bummer indeed, but one compensated by the lovely staff who offered be a free glazed donut hot from the fryer in addition to making the stellar recommendation of a Blackberry Powdered Sugar Donut - $1 and back to the streets to enjoy.
Starting first with the glazed, a nice litmus test although not my favorite sort of fried pastry, the glaze had largely dried by the time I walked a few blocks and still warm the yeasty notes were quite nice, though the dough itself slightly thicker than I'd have hoped - not 'doughy' per se, but also not light and fluffy as one would expect - a texture about halfway between a cake donut and a yeasted raised one.  Moving next to the filled option, thankfully not served hot as my first bite nearly left my shirt stained blue (and would have left my chin scorched if it were hot) I'll just say this was about as good as a jelly donut gets - absolutely stuffed with blackberry compote they make in house, light yet toothsome, and loaded with powdered sugar.  Somewhat akin to a Polish Paczki but not as dense, if you're in the neighborhood I'd strongly recommend checking one out - a great end to the first half of day one in Philly.Hands down the best donuts in Philly!! The Franolli is awesome, colleagues loved it! Lots of filling and very tasty. The summer special mango filled donut is really good and sooo packed with filling, it's actually heavy. You can pick powdered or granulated sugar, or you can have them plain.
Also great sticky buns, definitely my favorite (I usually don't like sticky buns!) Prices are very reasonable, donuts are $1 each. Sticky buns are 3 for $3. You can get here cheap using an Indego bike. One 1 hr trip is more then enough time to go round trip from 10th & South to 9th & Ritner. Enjoy!I really, really enjoyed the glazed raised donut.  The salted caramel was good. I was not as enamored of the chocolate iced.   The counter staff is very friendly.  It was a nearly 2.5 mile walk for me to get there, and I don't think it was quite worth it.  That stated, if you are in the neighborhood, I recommend that you give it a try.  Good donuts are hard to come by nowadays!I brought a dozen donuts in for my coworkers on Valentine's Day and we enjoyed them all day long. My favorite is the powdered jelly...yummm 
$10 a dozen but totally worth it!Yesterday while I was grocery shopping, I remembered that Fat Tuesday is fast approaching and besides alcohol, one must have donuts!  I quickly went to Yelp looking for the best patski's (spelling?).  Frangelli's came up so I figured why not give it a try.
Today, I went in an purchased just a few, raspberry filled and like a cronut filled with creme (I forgot to ask what it was called). The raspberry filled are filled right there as you order and you get to chose from granulated or powdered sugar.  Let me say, these bad boys are amazing.  Federal Donuts ... GO AWAY, you don't even compare. 
The cornet with the creme filling (I neglected to find out what it was exactly) was f****** amazing!  
And these donuts are like $1.00-$1.50 depending on filling. They are well worth the trip.
I did notice Italian Rum cake in a mini size as well.  Definitely have to try this as well.This is the place where you will get excellent value for your money. I have had their pound cakes, donuts, canoli and cinnamon buns. Everything is absolutely delicious and dirt cheap. The employees are extremely friendly and effecient which is an added bonus.My go to place for doughnuts on Friday mornings - makes me a hero at my work. These doughnuts are made fresh every day and are the real deal. Don't overpay at superhipster federal doughnuts - which are overrated.  This place is dirt cheap and the quality is top notch.  And they even started making cronuts :-)
Arrive after 8:30am for maximum selection. 
Oh and the sticky buns are fantastic as well!Right before the Christmas holidays, I wanted to bring my contractors donuts as a "thank you" for all their hard work all year long. I found Frangelli's through recommendations on yelp and decided to give it a try. Boy, am I glad I did! 
When I arrived at the shop early that Thursday morning it was very busy, at least six people were deciding or waiting for their orders. The women behind the counter, were friendly, helpful and very quick pulling together the order. 
The donuts were fantastic, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside the icing was not too sweet. Besides the incredible taste, a mix box of a dozen and a half donuts, only cost $18!!!! Frangelli's will definitely be somewhere I recommend and visit often!