Good stuff. Great stuff. Love the pernil and chicken very tender n juicy.Two stars for staff being so nice. Haven't been here in a year and what a change. Old potatoes, salty chicken. Where's Tony? Must be new owner. I won't return.The best Spanish food in Philly I can believe NYC don't have a boricua resturant like this.The food I ordered from this place was not bad at all, but not amazing. I had Tostones (fried green plantains) with Bistec Encebollado (Steak with Onions). The steak had good flavor, with a strong taste of garlic. The garlic was a bit strong much, but tolerable. At least for me anyway. Overall, it was an okay piece of steak, but not something I'll order again anytime soon. Now the Tostones were good. They were crunchy, pretty tasty with a good hint of salt and garlic. Not soft and soggy like some places I've been too. I also had a beef empanada on the side, which was unimpressive. Tasted like the empanada had been sitting out for a long time, didn't taste very fresh to me. 
Now would I recommend this place to someone, yes and no. For someone like me who was raised eating homemade Caribbean/Puerto Rican food, it's an okay place to have a bite of something that sort of resembles Mama's kitchen. Now for someone whose looking into eating this type of food for the first time, there are better places to go to.I agree with the person who said that they like the Front & Indiana location better. I usually get take out and I think the food there is a little more fresh because they are so busy. 
I teach in the neighborhood in the evenings, and always stop by afterwards to pick up dinner. 
I have had better individual dishes elsewhere in the neighborhood, but Freddy & Tony's is the all around best.drove from delaware to go get morcilla  and yuca  since the other Freddy's  was closed on front  st .I order one pound off morcilla  and 4 dollars of yuca ..the guy gave me my food in a bag I paid drove off and the dickhead  only gave me a couple off pieces  of morcilla and a little bit off yuca ..got rip off big time ...too bad I was on 95 s headed back when I open my little bit of food ..not niceI really like the food in this restaurant.  However, they do not offer "arroz con gandules", rotisserie chicken, ribs, yellow rice or "morcilla" during weekdays.  They only offer that menu on weekends!Don't go to this one . Do your self a favor and go to front street that's is where the good food is at . I'm not sure why this one taste so different to front street but there's a dramatic difference.The absolute worst service and the food is dry and tasteless. Do not waste your money supporting that place.I guess this is the runner up for "Best Hispanic Restaurants in North Philadelphia", right after Tierra Colombiana. It's runner up, but it will never even come close to knocking off the first place winner. Why? Well, the service is really bad, you know people hating their jobs and whatnot. Also, sometimes the clientele this place attracts is not the most pleasing of people. A lot of customers are loud, disruptive, inappropriate, and just the overall ambiance isn't joyful. Now, if you order some food, and take that bad boy home, you're in for a great night in. Their food is super authentic Hispanic food, very tasty and pleasing. Prices, GREAT!WEPA!!!!! This is my go to when I don't want to cook and in need of my rican food. I love the food and so do my kids. We always enjoy our visit. The only down fall I have is the wait. This may cause issues. I never go on the weekend just for that reason. but if you are willing to wait or go early in the day you should be fine on the weekend.THIS Freddy and Tony's Sucks price wise. 
$4 for white Rice?? 
FOH
Go to the one on Front and Indiana.so i havent eaten here yet but because of these reviews i most definitely will be. I've been feigning for some good spanish food but havent found a place to go ! so you will see another review from me after i eat there 
so im gonna give it 4 stars from what i hear *So delicious.. I'm eating and writing this review at the same time! 
I went with my boyfriend and his friend. I didn't know what to order or what we ordered but everything was good!
I literally devoured my FIRST full plate within a few minutes.
It's weird when you go there though. We sat and waited for someone to come take our order but I'm assuming so one saw us. So we changed seats and someone came by.
Still the food was so good!! Did I mention the food was good?
You have to go. Words cannot explain how good it is. Thank you for existing.This place is great!!!!! I left there happy, full and with money in my pocket. We ate some really good food and had a good time. The staff was really friendly and made sure we were happy the whole time. Everyone we felt with was extremely nice. The food was awesome and inexpensive. The only thing I didn't like was that they didn't serve alcohol. My 3 year old loved the people there too and didn't want to leave so that's always a good sign.Borinquen in Philly.  We read the Freddy and Tony's Restaurants reviews on this site before our trip to Philly, so we had an idea of what to expect.  We took bus 47 to Allegheny as we were told by Crystal on the phone when we called to check on busses to get there.  We arrived to welcoming Caribbean music, smiling faces, and the distinct aroma of the island cuisine.   The dining rooms and bathrooms were spotless.
We sat and a friendly lady originally from Aguadilla welcomed us with the menus.  Since alcohol is not sold at this establishment, I ordered a virgin piña colada. Yummy; it tasted just like in the island, no pre-made plastic tasting mix. This was the real thing made with Coco Lopez and made like the first one made in Puerto Rico over a century ago.  We took in the mementos on the walls honoring the island, the people coming and going speaking Spanish and English, and the music that made you want to dance on the spot.  My husband dances a good merengue, but he would not dance with me there.  Oh, well, the food came out promptly and steaming hot. I ordered roasted pork, pigeon peas in rice, and pasteles (like a tamale, but made with green bananas)  with pork. My husband ordered carne guisada (a thick beef stew), rice and beans, and fried plantains.  We could not stop eating and comparing it to the food we have in Puerto Rico when we visit there.  We agreed the carne guisada was the best we have ever had.  We ordered some to go with the rice and beans that were out of this world, and I took my leftover arroz con gandules and pernil for a snack later on.
 One of the young men at the restaurants advised us to take bus 60 right in front of the restaurant to go to Market Street in downtown Philly were we started off.  He and all the other workers were kind and welcoming.  
If you want a taste of Puerto Rico in Philadelphia this is the place to go.  If you do not want to bother with the bus, call ahead and pick it up via taxi.  Philly, you do not know what a find this is in your city.  If we find ourselves in Philadelphia again, we will be sure to eat at Freddy and Tony's again.Every. Single. F'in'. Time. I. Come. To. Philly...
...I miss a chance to come to this place. It's in the hood, and maybe that's why no one in my family has been enthusiastic about taking a trip to try the place - but hey, it's the city, it's MY city, so c'mon, you gotta roll where you gotta roll. I read up on this place a couple of times before, and have tried once and again (unsuccessfully) to drag my half-Puerto Rican Hubby to come with me to this area. But every single time, my idea got shot down faster than a duck in hunting season, and my Buddhist patience wore thin. This weekend, it broke.
I tried bringing up the idea. Again. Spontaneity and a sense of adventure was not a welcome factor (tough trying to wear both elements with kids involved), and Saturday did not see the advent of my trek to North Philly. However, I guess my air of "I'm going to do something vicious unless I get my mofongo in this weekend" radiated further than my epidermis, and suddenly a suggestion of "How about we go tomorrow" came up. But as usual, plans got shot down and replaced by screaming kids asking for breakfast pizza (the usual line-up when we come up here), so my idea went on hold - temporarily.
After said breakfast pizza, a full salad, a walk around for a fantastic local food festival, we decided to split up with different plans, and I would hit this joint with Baby2. Baby1 was hunkering to hone in her swimming skills for the afternoon. Baby2 doubted, repeatedly, that the visit to this place could really be as fun as going swimming with his big sister, but he knew  better than to doubt a mother with mofongo on her mind. And off we went.
(I tried bribing him with views of the Navy ships in the shipyard, planes taking off at the airport, and bridges. None of which, by the way, he got during our trip - but his thorough enjoyment of all the food we got may have replaced that little detail...)
So our order ran like this. Keep in mind, I was ordering this stuff on a pretty-much full stomach. Sad, I know. But what can you do when that slingshot flies... well, here we go:
Mofongo (2) - this awesome fried ball of plantain stuffed with carne (pork), and ordered with gravy - tomatoey spicy savory sauce to die for, with little bits of broken-off plantain in it. Talk about eyes bigger than my stomach - there were 5 of us, and we ate all of 3/4 of one of them. What remains and the other one are now in the safety of my refrigerator back south. Baby2 ate many bites of this with the arroz guisado.
Pastelillos de carne (2) - a similarly awesome fried pastry filled with savory ground meat, aptly spiced and salted. You know, we make these at home, and I was bummed that what we got were a little on the skinny side - but the filling and the whole taste more than made up for that little detail. Baby2 had about 3/4 of one, and he still wanted more. There's a good show of some Puerto Rican blood in him.
Pastele (1) - just one slick-smooth hot-dog-roll-sized steamed plantain/yuca/taro stuffed with (take a guess...) pork, and wrapped half-way with a banana leaf. I think I could eat this all day. So could Baby2, apparently.
Pernil (1/2 lb) - roasted pork. Plain and simple. OK, not really - it was amazingly good and juicy. Baby1 and Baby2 couldn't get enough bites of this while Dad and I were setting up the table. We finally just had to get them to sit down far away from the pernil.
Bistec encebollado - steak with onions. Side of tostones and a salad. Gotta say - the flavor was good, but could have been more; and the beef was a bit tough. Hubby typically pounds the crap out of some cubed steak he gets, and he tells me how his grandmother would do the same in her kitchen. This looked a little more upscale, but the beef was still a tough chew. The onions were awesome though.
Chicharones (1 piece) - deep fried pig skin. Another slight miss today - the skin parts were pretty good, but some of the other parts tasted like old oil. We weren't big fans of this item in our bag.
Arroz guisado - yellow rice. Mixed with some of the gravy from the mofongo, and mixed up with some of the mofongo, I finally had to tell myself to stop eating so that I could, um, stop eating. The rice itself with the gandules was so flavorful, and smelled some way of right in the middle of my Papa's kitchen during any night involving dinner.
Pastelillo de guayaba - fluffy flaky pastry filled with guava sauce. It broke right. It bit right. But the guayaba filling was just so cloyingly sweet, Goya's would probably have been better. Nevertheless, my helper behind the counter got a kick hearing Spanish coming out of this Asian chick's mouth as I excitedly told Baby2 that we got the last one!
It's near midnight. I'm still thinking about the mofongo/arroz mixture. I may have scratched an itch, but, god help me now I think it may be a permanent condition. Next time, dear pionono, you are mine (they ran out today *pout*).I tend to order the "staple" foods when eating at a new establishment.  My rationale is, if they get that right, the rest is cake.  Ordered the bistec encebollado y arroz con habichuelas.  The white rice was not fresh, probably had been around a bit in the back.  The beans made up for the rice and the steak was tender, didn't need a knife.  I liked the tostones, but why did they drown them in the juices
from the steak?  I would prefer they leave them dry and let the customer decide if we wish to dip.  If in Phily again, I'll most likely come back and experiment a bit more with the menu.I've been here a couple of times and had some very filling, inexpensive meals. The Cubano sandwich of pork, ham, and cheese is great.  For a splurge I might get the octopus salad - worth the price!
Each time I've been here the place has been filled with people in line for take out.  Hasn't been a problem getting a seat on the other side, and the waitstaff is friendly.i love  their food so mch to choose i always get the combo 8 best place to go to if you want authentic puertorican food the resturant is nice the staff is alive nice it does get pretty busy if you are taking out foodIf you decide to go there you won't be disappointed at all, the food is definitely tasty and the staff is always nice.  However, the one at Front and Indiana seems more authentic as it reminds me more of the food I ate with my family as a child.  I'd recommend that location over this one.I absolutely love this place. Their alcapurrias are wholesome, their frituritas (fried finger foods) always hit the spot, main dishes always go without saying on how good they are. As a east coast traveler, I can always count on F&T's for some home away from home cuisine.Great food, but they can work on the atmosphere. Felt a bit outdated. But the food was tasteful.When you get to the place they wont ask you to sit down, so if you want to eat in the restaurant take a table, if you want to take-out make the line.
The food here is really good, and a fantastic price too.  The mofongo was a little dry but it had a lot of chicharron, and the chicken had puerto rican seasoning all over it!When I have that crave for some CUCHIFRITOS this is my place to be! Makes me feel like I am back in NY (bushwick bk) there aren't many Spanish restaurants on my side of philly and it is a hike to get up here but the drive is worth it every single time. I wish the place was much bigger it does get crowded often I mean it is the best Spanish food in the hood!! But the girls that work here move pretty fast so I can't really complain. They have the best tres Leche cake OMG so delicious. Food is seasoned well all the times I've eaten here. Portions are kinda big worth every penny. I will be visiting this weekend and I can't wait!! LOLService isn't always their strong point....  But we love this place!  Usually I get the steak in sauce with onions, salad and tostones ...as well as rice.  My family gets an array of food...from a peril sandwich, potato ball, chicken....etc..all delicious.... I switched it up and got the steak sandwich....  Chunks of deliciously seasoned steak with onions....mayo lettuce and tomato.....   DELICIOUS!!!!!!All I can say is horrible service!!!! We waited over 20 mins to get seated and when we finally were we still there another 15 minutes and overlooked what seems because a party of 4 came after us I'm assuming bigger tip..... But I can say the food was really good when we ate here before... Get it together GuysI knew this place was authentic when I saw the Puerto Rican flags outside the homes across the street! 
We had the fried garlic plantains and pork (empanadas?) for appetizers.  Very greasy but very tasty.  I ordered the shrimp soup with pork skin mofongo and I wanted to eat last piece of my meal but was so full from the large portions they serve.  Very inexpensive, very friendly waitresses.  Looking forward to my next return!Great service there was a young man wrapping up the end of the night and I asked what will they be doing with the left overs he said "I can pack you up some of you like" and of course being the fat man I am I said sure. I would like to return and check out more of this menu and enjoy the seating area. The time I came in before they happened to be closing. Definitely worth a shot. PS make sure you get the "Kola Champagne" it's like a Spanish version of Coca ColaThis is my go to place for Puerto Rican food.  I swear it's like going to a friend's house and having home cooked food from their mom.  The place isn't the neatest looking place, very outdated, but i don't go their for the ambiance....i go for the food.  :)  Their sweet plantains are some of the best I've had and the garlic sauce they use on their fried plantains is exactly what it should be.....garlicky & oily like it's been marinating for a very long time.  Rice is always good, beef pastellios are great, and their chicken & pork are always good.  My fiance is Puerto Rican and this food tastes just like the food i have at any of his family's home cooked dinners.  Like i said, not the neatest cleanest place but food is always consistently good.  Prices are so low I wonder how they even make money!  They have lots of people working behind the counter so if you're just there to get food to go there's always someone quick to get your order.  For those who complained about the neighborhood....no , the neighborhood's not the best but you park your car and just go eat....no one's gonna bother you, geez!  I see more robberies, murders & crime in downtown center city and the south street area than I do around there.  Act like you belong and not like some scared fish out of water and you'll be fine.  Get over it....crime happens everywhere people!My first visit here was amazing. Food is authentic and cheap. I love the pasteles but they are only available on weekends. The fried pork is delicious. Rellenos de papas are fabulous too. On the next couple visits I was immediately told that they don't have any rice. Is this a Puerto Rican place?? What good is ordering all this meat without arroz? Then we asked for sandwiches and they were out of bread. I ordered fried pork but was given roasted pork. I mentioned it to our server and she said no this fried. Please. I went last night with one of my girls and we were told that they are out yellow rice. That's really the main reason I came. So we settled with underwealming white rice. ArghhhCame here with a party of 4 and we weren't sure what to order, so we pretty much ordered everything!
Mofongo comes with these pieces of pork skin, which makes everything taste even better, but when added with gravy, comes out to perfection. 
Tostones with garlic was better than without garlic.
 The beef was pretty bland and nothing special. 
The pernil (pork) was a little on the saltier side, but complements well with the rice and beans. 
Now, another thing to note is the PRICE! My gluttonous group definitely over-ordered (ended up feeding all 4 of us almost to the point of death, with enough leftovers for 4 extra meals) and each of us paid $18. Okay, that might sound like a lot, but we also ordered a ~$5 colada drink. So fine, take away the drink, come with a big group and order family-style, and you're probably paying ~$6.00 per head for a delicious meal!I hit the spot on front st.That's the better of the 2.If you can deal with going to the badlands,The food is on point!  if your on a diet stay clear of this place,Lol..Anyway, the fried pork chops are to die for! The potato ball with gravy,was awesome,Tostones with garlic,salt and pepper,honestly i like adobo on mine.then they have this ketchup/mayo sauce  which makes them even better and the yellow rice and beans is very good too!!The place is a war zone,But the food is Amazing!This is my favorite Puerto Rican restaurant and I do not miss a chance to go.  Everytime I am in Philly, it is my first stop.  I am Puerto Rican and find the food to be authentic and delicious.  I wish there was one in NY.  I would eat there every single day if I could. 
I have had the pernil (pork), arroz y gandules (rice and pigeon peas), tostones (fried unripe plantains), pasteles (only weekends), mofongo, carne frito.  It's all very tasty.  I have nothing nasty or negative to say about the place.  The only thing that's annoying is the pasteles and pinon being only on the weekends but they are The wait staff is wonderful.  I've never had poor service.I love their food. My step-mother is Puerto Rican so I know what native food is supposed to taste like and Freddy and Tony hits the spot. If you do not speak Spanish their is a bit of a language barrier but I managed by speaking my broken Spanish and pointing. A little miscommunication while ordering happened and I ordered more food then I anticipated. I ordered the bistec con cebolla, monfongo, arroz con gandules, and frijoles. Everything was delicious. My check was a little steep and some of the prices on items are outrageous. Overall for a quick Puerto Rican food, I will return.Nice people, real Puerto Rican food. Fast service, delicious everything I've tried.... definitely makes me feel like I'm back in Brooklyn, which is the highest compliment I can give anything. The mofongo is SO good... and that's my favorite food, so I would not steer you in the wrong direction. Not only are the rice and beans extra mad tasty, but they serve them to you in these little mini calderos (pots every PR grandma/mom/aunt/godmother/etc has for cooking rice) that make me smile. I don't care that it's in the hood, cuz I have no qualms about endangering my life for food--like my boss said, if I die, I'm gonna die happy cuz I had my rice and beans first.After trying several Puerto Rican food joints through the years in Philly, I actually think this one is at the top.  Their rice and beans has a cilantro flavoring to it and is delicious.  The pulled pork was a bit fatty but good.  We ordered a ton of different foods from them, and everything was simply great.  The neighborhood is rough and the language barrier exists, so be wise in traveling there and checking your order.  Well worth many repeat trips for delicious and very inexpensive food.Excellent!  Best mofongo I'd had in a long time.  The beans are fantastic.  Authentic puertorican flavor.I've been coming here for 10+ years. Love the food! I've only eaten in once about 9 years ago, usually get take-out. I got my husband hooked too, we love the food. It is really good and they give you a lot for your money. I would definitely recommend this place for good food. There is a place around the corner that is NOT associated (we asked) but has the same name and is not anywhere near as good.Born and raised in Puerto Rico, I'd surprisingly never been to a Puerto Rican restaurant since I moved to the US (11 years ago!). Very glad I chose this one as my first! We ordered the mofongo with garlic gravy which is a meal itself, followed by the pernil with both types of rice. Prices are unbelievably low, and you get alot of food for what you pay! While there I, unfortunately, spilled an entire glass of soda on my lap. We were gonna just take the food with us and go, but it was worth being soaked in soda to finish our meals!!The best Puerto Rican restaurant south of New York. They have it all. You will love it. It is eat in or take out. Try to go early as it gets very busy during dinner time. You could also ask to purchase items frozen to take home and cook at later date.I came here for lunch the other day with a coworker whos neighbor had said that this was a 'can't miss' in the neighborhood.  We pulled up and instantly were taken aback by the fried goodness piled sky high in the window.  I began to panic... as a vegetarian what can I eat?  We went inside and i took a look at the menu... the answer... not much.  My coworker has odd dietary restrictions too... but we were determined to enjoy this place regardless.  The decor is nothing to write home about.  It may even be a little grimy/dusty... but there was a line around the block so they're clearly doing something right.  We sat down and took a look at some menus and strategized.  Yellow rice, beans, plantains and an empenada.  They didn't have the empenada so i tapped out there and just went for the rice/beans/plantains... oh and a coconut soda!  That was delish!  My coworker went for a chicken empenada.
The food came out.  Presentation was minimal, but the food was AWESOME.  The rice had sausage in it... but at this point I didn't want to make too big of a deal about it... so i ate around it... and the beans were pretty much amazing.  The plaintains we got were formally called tostones... fried with garlic sauce.  Yum!  
All in all, this place isn't for me... so I don't feel like i can rate it.  I couldn't eat the majority of the food... but MAN i wanted to... everything smelled great, and people were coming in the door in droves!  Clearly they're doing something right!Excepted so much more from this "authentic" Puerto Rican restaurant. Food was just ok for the price they charged. A bit disappointedThis is by far one of the best Puerto Rican restaurants in the area. If you want a touch of tradition, this is it! If you want to enjoy some good pasteles, mofongo, arroz con gandules, and anything else that reminds you of Ponce, P.R., this is it!! 
(If only they would expand their business to Florida) Believe it or not, some parts of Florida lack what Freddy's and Tony's have to offer. I would fly to Philly just to eat at this restaurant, that's how good it is!! Don't miss out in this traditional Spanish cooking that just reminds us all of home sweet home - La Isla del Encanto!!!Not a huge fan.  I would call this place "commercial Puerto Rican food" at best.  It's quantity versus quality.  This place is the "known" place in Philadelphia for Puerto Rican food but I'm convinced there has to be something better.The food is delicious!!! This was my husbands and me first time and we're hooked. I had the shrimp soup and every bite was savory. The piña colada was on point. It took a bit of time to get seated but that's the only issue. Me and my hubby recommend this spot. It says it's closed on sundays but it open.I have been eating here for years with my family.  Mind you my whole family is Puerto Rican and speaks Spanish however I do not speak it.  I have gone without the fam though and felt completely comfortable ordering my food.
Everything is pretty much delicious- tostones, penin, rice, beans, etc.  You can a large amount of food for extremely cheap and we typically just ask for $ amounts of certain foods eg $4 penin.  
The only ting you need to beware of is the homeless man that stands outside.  One time he hit me by accident pretty hard and we almost had to call the cops.Great food and Great service. I had the arroz guisado, pollo, platanos maduros, chicken empanada and a Piña colada. Very satisfying:) it was very busy and we waited awhile for service, however it was worth the wait.I can't believe it took me almost eight months of living in the area to find an authentic Puerto Rican restaurant, but it happened.
WEPA!!
I came here with two friends (who had never tried real PR food) and we ordered more than we could possibly ever eat, all family-style: Tostones, Pasteles, Arroz con Habichuelas, Bistec Encebollado, Alcapurrias, and Flan! It tasted exactly like the dishes my mother makes regularly. I refused to leave until we had all of the essentials in front of us--and I'm so happy my friends appreciated it all. The price was also ridiculously reasonable as well. 
Our waitress was a total doll. She was taking care of every table in the restaurant and somehow managed to keep everyone laughing, happy, and FULL. Just another reflection of the culture, I suppose! 
It is very difficult to find this type of food so I was ecstatic to find a place that does it so well and so affordably in Philadelphia. It tastes like home. Although it's quite a journey, I will definitely return!Damn. Let me tell you, this place is amazing. After hearing people yap about Porky's Point for years, I was totally let down by the place. I mean, the corner store I grew up around had better food in their hot box than what I got at PP.
But I digress. Freddy and Tony's is the bomb. I took my girl there, and we got loaded up on the mofongo, and before we knew it, the rest of our food arrived. Her Cubano sammich was fantastic, and I was staring down the barrel of a plate full of rice n' beans and some truly delicious pork shoulder... not to mention I also committed itis suicide by getting the chicken soup.
 Dude, I didn't move for an hour or two after that meal. Thumbs up, I'm going later today.As a carribeanite, I enjoy island food.  This is a spot to go to for authentic PR food.  Good amount for the price and very tasty!  Food is well seasoned.  Will be back agai, definately!!Ah, traditional spanish food for the days I'm feeling lazy and don't want to cook it myself. :)
The food here is good but their location a couple blocks away (on Front street) is even better. This location inlcudes a pretty nice restaurant section where you could sit and eat. The Front st location does have tables but its waaaaay too crowded to eat in. The Front street location delievers. I'm not sure if this location delivers as well. Both places get equally packed so try to call ahead. If you are lucky enough, they'll actually pick up and take your order over the phone! Sometimes they are just too busy to answer the phones. Its worth the hassle though. The food is great. 
If you want real Puerto Rican style food. This is the place to go.This place Is the best. I drive from allentown to eat here. When you look in the window at all the food it's like heaven looking at you. Everything is very flavorful and delicious and the people that work there take care of you. I wish there was one out here in allentown.The people here are so nice and very helpful. It's very nice that their entire menu is described in English so you know what the dishes are. We were ordering out to take to a friend's house so we got a bit of everything. We loved it all-- and my boyfriend is puerto rican and he said it was all great as well. 
We got mofongo, yellow rice with beans, beans, pork, fried pork, blood sausage (if you're non-puerto Rican and haven't had this, you should really give it a try because it's actually delicious), and chicken. Oh and also potato balls with beef-- so, so yummy. All so good. Definitely the best yellow rice I've had. 
We'll definitely be back for more.This place is my favorite, the food is the best it reminds me my country every time I go to this restaurant I feel I'm back in Puerto Rico, everything here is perfect service, the food and the priceI've decided to give them a try again. I haven't been here for 8 years. I was a little disappointed. The place was dirty the food was just ok and at 6PM they were out of beans and red rice. The staff were careless and looked miserable.The best Puerto Rican food I have had since I was in NYC. The mofongo is very authentic and they way they serve the food is straight from PR. Definitely recommend!!Large portions and the food is delicious!!! Pork chops and Rice and Beans are delicious. The pina colada is fruity and yummy as well :)Never had Puerto Rican food at an authentic place and a co-worker of mine suggested this place. It was really good. Potato balls, beef empanadas, pork, and rice were all good. People on here complaining about the prices, but it seemed decently priced to me considering the amount of food we got. Would definitely come back to Freddy & Tony's next time I'm in Philly.My favorite spot in Philly!!! Food it's yummy!!! Even my 10 year old daughter loves the food!!! If you want to eat real food you must go!! Cash only place.There is a bit of a language barrier and it's not in the best of neighborhoods but the food is awesome. Some of my faves include garlic pork chop, also love the carne guisada, plantains and the beans.Visitar el restaurant con 6 personas (incluyendo 1 baby), ordenar para 4 solamente pq uno de ellos es anciano y no desea comer, que te añadan la propina en el ticket pq eran mas de 5 segun la camarera, y q para colmo te procesen la tarjeta y solamente te entregue el recibo a firmar sin enseñarte el recibo de la compra primero, le das propina en el recibo de firmar, y luego cuando exiges tu recibo de compra te percatas de que ya te lo habian cargado y terminas dejando doble propina, y cuando le pides a la camarera cancelar la transaccion te salga con la mentira de que no se puede cancelar. cuando en cualquier sistema de ath o tarjeta de credito SI se puede cancelar cualquier transaccion. Un 'sorry' no me justifica el que me hayas querido ver la cara y quedarte con 13 dolares de propina por un ticket de $40, way too much. muy mala experiencia y mal rato, para colmo no haber un supervisor o manager para manejar la situacion.The food was pretty good and the servers were very courteous, however we had to wait too long for our food, and when it came out, it wasn't hot as it was just prepared. Maybe it was that it was hectic, but that's not the customer's problem. That's a manager's problem. Either hire more people, or don't accept as many customers. That's the only reason why I knocked it two stars.The things they do with pork here is amazing. Eating here is an experience.  My friend and I both ordered more than we could eat for lunch.  For $16.  The service is quick and friendly.  But bottom line, this is seriously good Puerto Rican food on the cheap.Worst service in Philly hands down.  The food isn't even that great. Do yourself a favor and go to the one kn Front Street. Service is better and food is decent.Authentic Puerto Rican Cuisine! Very flavorful and delicious! Highly recommend!The food at Freddy & Tony's is just plain awesome.  They give you big portions for a reasonable price.  Everything on the menu I've been able to try so far had been wonderful.  It is  hands down on of my favorite spots in Philadelphia.  
The staff are very kind and sweet if you are polite.  Be respectful because they deserve it.The food was really great!  Everything was loaded with flavor.  
I started with the Pastelillos de Carne / Beef Patty and the Relleno de Papa / Potato Ball w/ Beef (added gravy).  The beef patty was good, not too dry and had a good amount of flavor.  The Relleno de Papa was really great.  It is sort of like a deconstructed stew, where the meat and potatoes fried into a ball and the tomato based broth-y gravy is poured over.  The gravy and ball worked together very well.
My friends and family have been talking about Mofongo for years now.  I have only tried it once before and didn't really see the appeal, but at Freddy and Tony's it was terrific.  I ordered a side of Mofongo with gravy.  It was as dense as a collapsed star, but that density was balanced out well with the gravy almost turning the whole dish into a thick, hearty stew.  I was told that this was the same gravy as the Relleno de Papa.  Lot's of flavor, something that I would love to eat regularly.
The Pollo Guisado / Chicken Stew was perhaps the least stew-like dish that I had.  Chunks of dark meat chicken with a delicious sauce with quite a bit of spice (not really hot, but lots of spices).  The chicken fell apart at a touch and was super juicy.  I ended up mixing some chicken into the Mofongo, which was terrific.
My girlfriend ordered the Bistec Encebollado en Salsa / Steak & Onions in Tomato Sauce.  I like the steak better than some other places that I have tried this dish.  Sometimes this type of steak can get dried out, but it wasn't here.  The sauces and onions were very good.  She ordered her meal with sweet plantains.  They were very good, but I'm not sure I've had a sweet plantain that I didn't like.
I was disappointed that they didn't have any Morcilla / Blood Sausage the day we went.  But I have already committed a friend who works nearby to bring it home for me some day.  Thanks Melissa :-)
The service was super frazzled the day we came in.  They had just gotten a new POS machine, and they seemed to be having a really hard time with it.  Everything ended up taking a while, but this seemed abnormal.  The server was  repeatedly apologizing about the wait and the confusion.I would love to give this place a full review but the service was so horrible that we didn't even get a chance to try the food. We were ignored by the waitresses for a full 30 minutes. We even asked a waiter for help find our waitress. He said that she was on her way. 15 mins after she never showed up to even ask us if we wanted water, we decided to just leave.Wow.  Just tried this place and was very impressed, plan on coming back again soon!
The setup here is unusual among restaurants in the states and will probably be unfamiliar to most Americans...items are a la carte and you piece together a meal.  Great for sharing with a group, but the items are small enough to get a diversity of food just for one person.  Most items are small (about 1/3 of a meal's worth) but a few (like the beans and rice) come only in slightly larger quantities.  Meat is sold in variable quantities.  If you're unfamiliar with Puerto Rican food, expect lots of carbs and meat, and some very creative fried cake and dumpling-like things made of mashed up plantains and various starchy roots.
The food here is very good and very cheap.  I recently took a trip to Puerto Rico and ate lots of food there, from different parts of the island.  Not only is the food here authentic, it is one of my favorite examples of Puerto Rican food that I have tried both in the states and in Puerto Rico.  I especially liked the mofongo and the alcapurrias, they were both among the best I've had: both were very juicy, full of flavor, and with their own unique signature spicing.
It's easy for Puerto Rican food to get too heavy or greasy...the food here, for being fried and so heavy on the carbs and meat, was remarkably light and left me feeling quite good after eating it.  It was also exceptionally flavorful.
Service was also very good.  Everyone here was very friendly and there was a very positive, casual atmosphere.  The bathroom was even cleaner than most restaurants.  And lastly, how in the world does Yelp mark this as two $$'s?  A friend and I ate here for dinner and we stuffed our faces AND got dessert and it came to $12.50.  This is among one of the cheapest places in the city to get food this good.SHITECAKES. 
I like the rice and beans but they ran out of yellow rice. 
Wtf?
How?
And they ran out of chicken. Oh hell no!
Fk this place. 
They charged me $4 for rice and another $4 the beans!  
How much does a bean cost? How much is a grain of rice?
And here's the kicker: the salad (which should be a free side) cost $3. 
At least the Freddy and Tony's on Front and Indiana gives you free rice. 
Fk this place.Came in, waited about 10 mins to be acknowledged. Place was a little busy at the time so I won't blame the waitress for the wait. Only thing waitress did at the beginning once acknowledged us, she brought the menus, and didn't ask for drinks like normally others restaurant do, instead we waited about another 10 mins before she came back to ask about drinks and orders. Food wise, it was delicious and it has big selection of food to order. This place has potential to be successful like I think they are but there's always room for improvements, customer service should be at 100% and that can have a big impact on customers. I'll eat again, but not in a week day where time management is really tight. Rated 3 stars for the customer service but food if I could I'll give it a 5.Amazing!
No other words needed to describe. 
Just plain amazing. 
#13/14 Roasted Chicken with yellow rice, and platanos. 
FYI, Cash ONLY!This place is super busy and there's a good reason why - the food is authentic and delicious!
The menu is extensive and you absolutely must get the rice and beans (yellow rice). We also got an order of tostones and they did not disappoint. The cubano sandwich was outstanding - the amount of pork on this thing is ridiculous. My husband got the mofongo which was good, but not as good as his dad's.
The staff was friendly and yes, they speak Spanish, but also English. The atmosphere reminded me of a diner in the 80's, but with Spanish flair. 
If you enjoy authentic Puerto Rican cuisine, this is your place.I've been to Freddy & Tony's many times, but I alway get food to go, this review is about the dine in experience.
You sit where ever you want and the waiter or waitress is supposed to come to you. We were sitting for about 15 minutes before any menus were brought to our table - all the waitresses were sitting around, possibly on break. They weren't very accommodating or flexible on the menu, my order came with tostones, but I asked to have that substituted for white rice, I was told that wasn't possible, so I had to order a side of rice ($4).  They put way too much garlic in the food. Freddy & Tony's charges for everything, even the water. In my opinion, the food is overpriced.  
When we were done eating and ready to go, we had to once again wait for our waitress to show up. She was sitting around with the other waitresses, I guess on break again. Overall, the food is good, but the service is horrible. I recommend take out.This place was DELISH. Went with a big group and got roasted chicken, beans and rice, and plaintains. Everything was hot and fresh, and there was silence across the table as we finished the food. Highly recommend.DO NOT EAT HERE. We arrived with a large party ready to spend some money on yummy food. One of our girls ordered a strawberry Colada and explicitly told them she is allergic to pineapple. The drink we delivered and she again mentioned how allergic she is to pineapple and she was assured by the waitress Yary that there was no pineapple. Two sips in and her throat began to close, we had to rush to a nearby store to grab some Benadryl. Meanwhile the staff stood around making excuses for the possible mistake instead of apologizing and figuring out how to help. Our visit was completed with more excuses and no apology or God forbid they offer to cover her food. It was a horrible experience, they were more concerned with covering up their mistake than the health of their customer. I blame us for choosing such a ghetto place and expecting good service and awareness of the severity of food allergies.
If I could choose negative stars I would.When I think of Spanish food I think of their rice and beans , pernil , empanadas , potatoes balls , and fried plantains. I was introduced to Spanish food years back and I loved it . 
I've always had porky points since living in Philly and thought I'd give another place a try because the last time I went there the food didn't taste the same . Maybe there's a different owner or chief but their food has changed. 
So we decided to do spanish food catering for my stepdaughter's birthday party , something different and I'm happy to know they do catering here . The price was right with plenty of food for my parties . I'm glad to have give Freddy and Tony's a try because their food were so delicious . Their rice were cook to perfection . The aroma when you removed the aluminum foil from the top just makes your mouth watered . I was a little upset with their pernil because they could of shredded the meat a little smaller and wished the pernil skin was more crunchy and crispy and not chewy .
For a last minute order they were able to get my orders ready by the next day . Overall great service and excellent food . I would definitely returned back in the future .Really great food. Would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking to eat some good Spanish food. But I would only order takeout because it's hot inside and everyone that works there won't let you sit down to wait for your food. That's my only two complaints but it's worth it lol.2 years ago I had a great experience,  I was back this pass Friday the 25th  of September order two meals for me and my wife we both ended up getting sick. Definitely  not what they used to be. I guess they are under new management and new cooks. Flavorless food and had to wait to long for my meal