I lived around the corner from Fu-Wah for almost a year before my vegetarian friend convinced me to try their tofu hoagies. I hate tofu. I love Fu-Wah's tofu hoagies.
Add to the delicious sandwiches (so what if the bread isn't great - the insides are amaaaaazing) their great selection of chocolates, drinks, chips, snacks, fresh produce, and (a personal favorite) their fresh seaweed salad, and you've got my favorite corner store ever. And it's up there with my favorite hoagie ever. Which is big.
Cash only - use their ATM if you have to.
Call ahead if you don't want to wait.
Expect to be treated very well by the staff!
Oh, and if you open your tofu hoagie to see what's inside, be prepared: the impeccably marinated tofu really looks like poop.  DELISH!You need to try the roast pork banh mi here!
Super delicious, affordable, and fun products featured.  Yuuuum!THESE TOFU HOAGIES ARE UNBELIEVABLE.
Beyond getting my munch on with these puppies, I have yet to explore Fu-Wah in more depth, but I'd highly recommend stopping by to pick up lunch if you're looking for something quick and yummy in the neighborhood.Fu-Wah tofu hoagies are the best use of tofu, ever.  Deliciously spicy and crazy cheap...the only reason I wasn't there every week during my undergrad days was its distance from campus.Honestly, the only thing I have ever eaten here is the tofu hoagie, but since that's what they're known for, and since I've eaten about 100 of them in my lifetime, I feel like that makes me qualified to rate this place.
I would give it 5 stars, but sometimes the tofu is a little wet, which makes the bread soggy, and sometimes they forget to put sriracha on the hoagie.
Oh, Fu-Wah, why are you on the other side of the river?I wish I would have found this place sooner.  My boyfriend introduced me about a year ago and It was love at first taste. Ok, so I've only had the Banh Mi tofu hoagie, but I love it!  I work in Center City and often find myself taking the trolley to West Philly to pick one up for lunch.  Plus, it's pretty cheap for a hoagie.  
The market itself has a great variety.  There are a lot of vegan friendly foods as well.  Someday I will try the other Vietnamese hoagies that they have, but for now...I'm sticking with the tofu.  :-)Memories of Fu-Wah are vague to me, mostly because the orgasmic feelings I've gotten here shortly after walking inside.
Fu-Wah's Tofu Hoagies are the best thing I've ever eaten in Philadelphia. Tofu and Hoagie are two words I thought would never meet, but it has a taste that is quite different from either. Tastes more like turmeric and cilantro (obviously) but after a few you stop guessing and just keep eating.
For $3.50 each its a deal you can't beat.Just under 5 bucks for the best vegan bargain in town. I recommend taking one of the fancy sodas from the back cooler and a tofu hoagie to clark park people watching for maximum enjoyment.this is totally a west philly gem. I love this place. I hadn't been there in quite some time -- but I recently moved a WHOLE lot closer.
They've renovated since I've last been there! They have an actual grocery scanner now (no ghetto cash register). They carry everything.. for such a small quaint convenience store.
Anything from silk tofu, to firm tofu, to lemon grass, kaffir lime leaves and curry paste. They're lacking on the brown rice I like.. but that's okay. They seriously have a great selection -- but their prices are a littttle bit pricer than other spots -- but I'm all for supporting independent businesses :) 
Oh, and yes the tofu hoagie is great. Do itNot only is this place an excellent little store, with a great assortment of yummy things, the hoagies are amazing. Pork bahn mi is really good, but the tofu is crazy spectacular, and only $4 and some change.  Fresh cilantro and jalapeños are two of my favorite things, so I always get the bahn mi, but they do also have your typical turkey or Italian hoagies, too. All of their hoagies are very generously filled, and you can call ahead if you want.  I like to show up, order, and browse, though it always involves me spending more money than planned. 
Cash only, but they have an ATM. 
Also, the whole wheat berry bars sold near the register are amazing.A Tofu Hoagie sounds AWFUL!  The Spicy Tofu Hoagie, which is sometimes called the West Philly Special is a legend and it is DELICIOUS!  The Tofu is marinated and somehow it does not have a bad texture.  I believe it's relatively healthy, although I don't know that.
The rest of the convenience store is also the best in this area of West Philly.  It's clean, organised and well lit and that puts it miles ahead of other corner stores in the neighborhood.Well, shit, son.
I was just planning on treating a friend to the legendary tofu bahn mi, but we got sidetracked before putting in our order.  We wandered over to the kooky drinks, the intense row of grains, the spices I don't recognize, the 1.70$ spices I did recognize (!!!!) and finally, armed with a Mexican coke and fancy ginger ale and avocado oil chips, we ordered
the tofu hoagies.
HOLY HELL, DELICIOUS.
Kind of had to pluck off the jalapenos as my mouth couldn't handle them, but they are DELICIOUS.  There is a lot of tofu stuffed into that delicious roll, along with pickled carrots and "white stuff."  It's slathered in a flavorful, spicy sauce.  I have to say, I'm excited to try the pork variant.  At 4.50$ for the veggie option and 5.50$ for the flesh of animals ... GOOD DEAL.
I would shop for certain things here and not others (some items were waaay marked up, others -- like quinoa -- was very reasonable), but this place is a treasure.holy crap! bbq bahn mi! nuff saidI'm pretty sure there's nothing I could say that hasn't been already and if I keep dealing the five-stars, I'm going to lose all my street cred, but- 
I love Fu Wah so much and I think everyone should know.
Obviously, I love the tofu hoagies.  They're inexpensive, very filling, and taste completely wonderful.  
The staff has always been extremely nice to me- they remember me, make conversation, and know which sandwich is mine when I come in.  (Maybe I shop here too much?)
The store does range from the economical to no-competition-in-this-neighborhood convenience store prices, but I truly do not begrudge them that.  My only real complaint is the space.  It's fairly well-organized, but when there's a crowd, it's awkward to navigate, much less stand in line.   Also, stop closing at 9.  I know the day is long and the neighborhood scary, but I have nowhere else to go, Fu Wah. No. where. else. to. go. 
The selection is wild- Asian specialties, corner store necessities, upscale Hippie nonsense.  They have a concise, but useful, produce section- scallions, cilantro, jalapenos, garlic, ginger, avocados, etc.   For the tree-hugging element, Terra chips, bulk tofu, Newman's Own Cookies, organic popcorn, and so on.  There's a nice selection of staples.  The rices (jasmine, brown, basmati) and the sauces, plus chopped, frozen lemongrass. So... go to Fu Wah.
And don't forget the frozen eel!thanks yelpers for the tofu hoagie tip.  Five stars is not enough to express my joy at living 3 blocks from this place.  $3.50, spicy, delicious, filling.. there is nothing else to say.This place is magic. 
No, seriously- I describe it as the "Room of Requirement" of West Philly (Harry Potter fans, anyone?).  Do you need Lebanese-style stuffed grape leaves?  Do you need a very delicious roasted pork hoagie for $5?  Do you need vegan bouillon?  Do you need fresh parsley or cilantro or basil for $1?  DONE!!!!
I have only once had them not have the random thing I wanted, and that was shoe polish.  Otherwise, they are amazing. Prices are generally higher than you would pay  in a big grocery store.  They have a nice selection of Asian foods if you can't make it to Chinatown but need fish sauce, random mushrooms or whatever. 
Highly recommended!two words- TOFU HOAGIES. so good, so cheap, so filling.What a pleasant surprise.  We tried the roasted pork and the charbroiled pork sandwiches.  Both were solid.  Not only does Fu Wah make good Bahn Mi, but they are have a variety of Asian groceries which is pretty awesome given the small size of the store. It's so refreshing compared to the usual bodega.  At the risk of revealing myself as a complete fatty, I highly recommend and that you finish off your food adventure with walk up to Mood Cafe and have a delicious mango lassi to go with the sandwich.I've heard about Fuh Wah for years, but didn't know exactly what it was. But since people so casually mentioned it, I pretended to understand. 
On New Year's Eve, my boyfriend and I had dinner at Vietnam Cafe and he pulled me into this convenience store. I didn't know the name of the place, but was pleased it was open late on a holiday night. The place looked like any convenience store, but as we browsed, my mouth dropped at the unusual offerings. Vegan delights. Vietnamese hoagies and a huge selection of Ben & Jerry's. I felt like I was in the most magical place.
After my boyfriend and I got our goodies, we stepped outside. I looked at the sign and saw it was Fuh Wah. So I guess that's a pretty good review. I loved the place even without knowing that I was supposed to love it.
Definitely has became my favorite West Philly after only one visit.ditto to what all the reviews say about their banh mi -- it's pretty good. not the best in the city, but definitely the most reasonably priced "vietnamese" sandwich in u-city/w. philly area. also love the chocolate and other deli offerings here!Came back for the Vietnamese pork hoagie.  Yea...That shiznit was delicious.  I think the tofu hoagie is better though, with all it's spiciness.A West Philly institution.  Well stocked, if you need an ingredient for dinner, they usually have it.  The tofu Bang Mi is The Bomb.com!  There's only one thing wrong with this place.  They stand behind the counter and make snarky comments about their customers.  Specifically, their African American ones.  How they're dressed, their weight,  hair.  I've heard them do it.  Also, a friend who is friends with them said they think AA's are "below. " them.  Perhaps their success has gone to their head.  They've forgotten just whose "Hood" this is.I think tofu is gross.  And gnarly.
Tofu hoagie.  If it can be deemed nommable by me, then you're definitely gonna love it.
Tofu hoagie for prez.Tofu hoagie. Amazing. I have no idea what else they serve, or why you'd order something else. Definitely call in your order during peak hours, they make dozens of these during lunch time.great grocery store and good tofu hoagie, my second fav in the cityExcellent tofu hoagies,  delicious,  and the price is right. A fun and funky little market to poke around in while you wait for your sandwich.Awesome. Finally got around to checking out Fu Wah since moving to West Philly in June and it lived up to the hype.
For less than $10, I got their famous tofu hoagie and a vietnamese char-grilled pork hoagie for my girlfriend and I to split. Both sandwiches were made to order, which gave me a chance to look around the store in the meantime. Prices are definitely reasonable, and for home cooks like us, their selection of ethnic ingredients is perfect for when we need that one ingredient that's not in our pantry (without driving to a larger supermarket further away).
As for the sandwiches, they were both delicious and surprisingly different for how similar the ingredients were. The tofu one, while not stuffed (hell, it was less than $5 so I'm not complaining), was exactly what a bahn mei is supposed to taste like. Love all the fresh cilantro they top it with. The pork was a little fatty, but packed with flavor and definitely my favorite between the two. Also enjoyed the crunch from the cucumber they add to the pork sandwich.
Will definitely be back!I had this bookmarked to try, excited over the great ratings it received.
Was slightly surprised it was in a convenient store but eh oh what the hell.
Vietnamese tofu hogie with jalepeno's please! 
OMG.... the tofu was dripping with every bite. It's spent some time absorbing it's savory sauce before making it to the grill and onto my buns. The jalepeno's were just the touch. Not american spicy, asian spicy. 
I'd go back again for maybe 2 or 3 more. worth the trip!After reading so many good things about the tofu hoagie, I came here looking for the hype.  I didn't need any groceries, but I wandered the store while waiting on the hoagies.  It's as everyone says, clean and nicely stocked.  
I prematurely ordered two hoagies, assuming my friend would want one.  He declined it due to the fact that he's had one from somewhere else already that day.  I took both home, thinking I'll save it for lunch.  I'm one of those people that doesn't think a meal is a meal unless there is some form of dead animal on it.  In this case, I made it a meal by eating both hoagies, back to back.  It was that good.  
If all vegetarian food was like this, I'd still eat meat, but more vegetarian dishes too.OMG.  How could I have lived here so long and not stopped into this adorable neighborhood market?  This store is immaculate and includes many tasty staples, specialty sodas, and household products.  I'd heard rave reviews of the Vietnamese hoagie and had to try one before I set sail for the West.  No exaggeration, this is one of the freshest, tastiest, and spiciest sandwiches I've ever had!  My fiancee and I devoured it right on the sidewalk!  What a hidden gem!I will fight you if you don't like this tofu bahn-mi.
*legal disclaimer - no I won't fight you, you're allowed to like whatever you want, but perhaps you should try someone else's tofu hoagie and compare.  It really is quite inexpensive, fresh, and tasty.
**Also note the market is a fantastic market, for fantastic market type things as well as many vegan options.
*** I really had nothing to say here, I just like the asterisk.
****If they taught martial arts here, would it be the Kung Fu-Wah?
***** If they did indeed teach martial arts here, they would fight you if you didn't like their tofu bahn-mi.At this point, I've had hundreds of banh mi across the U.S. (i seek it out wherever I go, looking for the best one possible...still haven't been to vietnam though...), and I'd say the one at fu-wah mini market is pretty delectable. i haven't yet had others in the area, and my boyfriend wanted to kill me because I took him on a hike to west philly in 100 degree weather, all for a sandwich. (I've done crazier for a good banh mi) 
But in the end, he agreed it was worth it!! Pate, pork, pickled carrots and daikon with cilantro...sign me up any day. The combo is genius. I think it's listed on the sign as "vietnamese pork hoagie". 
We also had the tofu hoagie, which to me was good, but sort of washed out the carrot/daikon mix which is essential. It also made the bread a little soggy. 
The market is kind of funny - totally random assortment of stuff instead of the expected vietnamese items. Great neighborhood gem. Good for people watching too...many a character wanders into the fu-wah mini market. I wish there was a place to sit - instead of enjoying our sandwiches instantly, we had to wait an excruciating 30 minutes until we arrived at home. 
banh mi 4 lifeNeighborhood staple! Where else can you get a cheesecloth and cilantro? And, hoagies, and cleaning supplies, and tofu?!The 5 stars is really for the tofu hoagie (banh mi), which never disappoints and is teh best I've had.  It's tastier than most meat sandwiches you're likely to find.  And you can easily vary the spice level by removing some of the jalapeno peppers that top the hoagie.  Inside of the banh mi's fresh bun, by the way, is some tasty marinated tofu, shredded veggies, and a secret sauce.
The grocery store itself has a decent selection of random things (meats, vegetarian items, sauces, spices, ice cream) you might need and at reasonable prices.  But unlike the banh mi, it probably won't make you salivate just thinking about it.Its true, its really true.  The tofu hoagie is amazing.  Its one of my favoirite things about west philly. You can get tofu hoagie, wasabi peas and gingerale at Fu-Wah, then walk to clark park or your front porch for a perfect summer supper.  The store is good too, so between Fu-Wah and Mariposa co-op you can go for weeks without setting foot in  the mega grocery stores on walnut. :)This is a hole-in-the-wall convenience store with a surprising selection of gourmet items, surprisingly reasonable prices, and Vietnamese hoagies to boot!
The Vietnamese hoagies are good, and like any other good Vietnamese hoagie shop: fresh, light, and inexpensive.  They're more appropriate as a snack or a very light lunch, than a full meal, but they really hit the spot when I'm craving one, lots of fresh veggies and full of flavor.
The produce here is good quality, and, compared to some neighborhood sources *cough* Mariposa *cough*, quite low-priced.  It's even cheaper than a lot of the stuff at Fro-gro on 40th street.  If I lived around the corner from this place (it was a good 6 or so blocks out of my way when I lived in West Philly) I would have probably been in here all the time, but I still stopped in pretty often.
Some of the other highlights include imported chocolates, and unusual sodas, like artisan ones made out of weird bitter roots and things.  I love that sort of stuff.$3.80 for a tofu hoagie, bandwagon here I come. I happened to be in the neighborhood, and I made my way in there to buy one. It is a tasty little thing. I can dig it.
I bought myself a bottle of ginger brew and a bag of chips. The total was 6.80 or something, which made me feel pretty good about my lunch. I took it down the way to Clark Park and hung out under a tree and ate up.
Would I come back? Yes. Will I? I hope so. When? Probably never, but at least I did it once and that will linger on my mind for eternity. Believe the hype. Live it.OK crazy yelpers, can someone please explain to me what makes this tofu hoagie SO great that I had to go all the way over to 47th street?  I mean, it was tasty.  It sorta took a while to prepare (next time I'll call ahead!)  So much anticipation for the damn sandwich, I scarfed it all down and waited for my epiphany.  Sadly, it never came.  
Some veggies, some spicy sauce, some warmish tofu.  I've been a Philly vegetarian for over a year now and I've had many more impressive sandwiches.  Maybe I need to give it another go... and eat a little slower next time.I usually go down to Washington Avenue in South Philly to buy banh mi, but in a pinch, I stopped by Fu-Wah in West Philly. This is their vegan tofu banh mi. Apparently, Fu-Wah is owned by the family of Tina Lai, the wife of Philadelphia Eagles owner, Jeff Laurie. Such a small world. And the banh mi itself? It tastes like a Superbowl Championship. :-)Praising the tofu hoagie almost seems redundant at this point, but I'll go on record and say that despite not being a vegetarian, I could live on this sandwich. It single-handedly made me rethink what could be done with tofu. 
But the fu wah is more than the place of the tofu hoagie. It is a great little market with friendly owners. Their beverage selection is vast and unique. I often wash down my hoagie with a Kombucha or soft drink made with cane sugar. 
My only complaint - even though it wasn't their fault - was recently remedied. Since I don't live in the area, I would never have a place to sit and enjoy my tofu hoagie. A month ago, however, a little public seating area was installed just outside. No more sitting in my car!Update: In addition to the tofu hoagie, the chargrilled pork hoagie is also tasty. The meat is flavourful and they put a fatty mayonnaise-like spread on the bun. This one definitely seems less healthy than the tofu hoagie.
Beware: Half the time we order the CHARGRILLED pork hoagie, we actually get the ROAST pork hoagie, which is rather dry and flavourless. When I'm not up for the risk (and I'm often not), I just order the tofu hoagie to be safe.The char grilled pork banh mi was absolutely DELICIOUS. Though I would've liked a slightly larger portion (the banh mi was very affordable however), the meat was packed with all the right flavors and left me wanting more. I am excited to come here again sometime soon.This place has great finds for a small market. I especially love the unique drinks and the asian products that you usually can only find in obscure asian markets. This place does really delicious fresh vietnamese hoagies! My favorites are the tofu and the roasted pork. This is my regular spot in the neighborhood to visit!Tofu Bahn Mi is delicious! Freshly made to order, it always makes my belly so happy. I love that the store carries some staple Asian grocery items too.I just read a review that said " the tofu hoagie made my dick hard."
If I had a dick, I am sure the tofu hoagie would have the same effect on me .
Also- they carry both green tea and red bean ice cream by the pint which is impossible to find as well as a TON on vegan ice creams. I love you Fu-wah!Yes, it is true. The tofu bahn mi hoagie is absolutely delicious.A great neighborhood store. They've got all you need: toilet and newspaper. Fresh cilantro. Milk. And yes, tofu hoagies. And to boot, the owners are just plain nice people.I haven't lived in Philly for two years and there are very few things I miss. I mean, the place is pretty much a total sh*t-hole.  Fu-Wah's tofu hoagies however are seriously amazing.  Amazing in a you could travel high and far and never find anything better sort of way.  Those hoagies haunt me when I am hungry.  So good; so cheap!  Were I a poet, I would write an ode to them, as they are extraordinarily good.  So good I can think of Philly fondly when I think of them.  I knew they were amazing at the time, but now, praise God that I am far from that hell hole, I miss them the way a soldier might miss the beautiful rice paddies in 'Nam: I'm glad I got out alive, but that was a nice memory.The tofu hoagies deserve five stars.  I'd take one over a cheesesteak any day; and all my visitors are made to eat at least one Fu-Wah hoagie before they leave Philadelphia.  And they all like it.
The store itself is pretty cramped, and variety isn't that great - I went shopping there once, gearing up to cook vegan stir fry and spring rolls but couldn't find any plum sauce.  The young man working the counter said (direct quote): "my mom's always telling me I should stock it, but I think duck sauce is close enough.  You want some duck sauce?"  I bought it begrudgingly, and it really wasn't what I wanted at all.  But the tofu hoagies are so much deliciousness and sunshine encapsulated in cheap white bread that I can't bear to say another negative word about the place.  Go eat.  Now.Nice owners.  GREAT veggie banh mi.  The prices are a little high in the rest of the store, but the trip just for the banh mi is worth it!The guy that's always working (one of the owners?) is so nice - gives me a genuine smile every time.  Tofu hoagie is wonderful and cheap - I get it not hot.  Delis can be overpriced but it's not too bad here, and most of the asian food products are quite cheap - I run in all the time for $2 local tofu and pacakages of soba noodles to cook up a fast meal.The tofu hoagie is amazing!! Full disclosure: the tofu hoagie is the only menu item I have had.Fu Wah is unbeatable. Always super friendly service, great selection of foods, super cheap tofu, and of course the amazing spicy tofu hoagie. Also having a neighborhood spot to buy cilantro and jalapeños is indispensable!If your in the West Philadelphia area,and craving something different,hit up Fu-Wah Mini Market. I didn't expect much when I ordered,but I was definitely blown away when I tasted the Banh Mi we ordered. Succulent Grilled Meat in a fresh roll,with fresh veggies on top! To die for! We now visit once a month as a treat! It's that good! Don't let the name throw you off,these people cook with love!Can't see what all the fuss is about.Worst tofu hoagie ever!. Tasteless tofu(although lots of it) on a crappy(Amoroso's?) roll. Starving when I ate it; still did not enjoy. Nice selection of bottled drinks. Stick to QT(Chinatown) or Nhy Y (Bella Vista) for a tasty tofu banh miI used to love their Banh Mi (both char-grilled pork and tofu) and got them several times a week. Recently, they no longer put hot sauce in their hoagies because apparently that caused a lot of problems when people didn't realize there would be hot sauce when they ordered. They switched to giving you packages of hot sauce for a bit, which didn't taste the same, but at least it's something. But now, they stopped having hot sauce packages altogether. I guess if you don't eat spicy food, it's the same thing. But if you love the spiciness, the sandwich just tastes subpar now :( I think instead of eliminating hot sauce altogether, they can just directly ask if the customer wants jalapeño or hot sauce when taking the order, or just put it in if the customer specifically asks for it. 
Good place for snacks and drinks though!This place is nothing short of incredible.
The tofu hoagies are a west Philly staple and actually are known throughout the country! If you stop by in the summer, you'll sometimes find traveling kids from all over sitting in front of the store, mouths filled with hoagie goodness.
They carry some Amy's frozen dinners and lots of organic and vegetarian essentials. If you haven't tried Pocky yet, please pick it up next time.
Fu-Wah has typical family-run store prices which, sadly, I can only afford every so often. The staff is so super nice though, that I try to stop in anyway. If you stop in more than twice, the guy will remember your face and anything you tell him. He even remembers my mom! Where else can you find service like that?!
I haven't tried their Chinatown restaurant yet, but I hear it absolutely wonderful. I'm also more than excited for their cafe to open up next door to the market.
If you haven't tried it, I definitely recommend it!Hands down the best tofu hoagies in the city.  Fu-Wah is somewhat of a social mecca if you live in West Philly, everyone seems to shop here and of course pick up a $3 tofu hoagie!  Not a place to do any kind of serious grocery shopping, but the perfect corner store that is reasonably priced, and yes they do have some very bizarre Asian foods.Good service and a place you can get anything on the fly from toilet paper to eggs to their famous tofu hoagies. Their sandwiches really are delicious. I like the tofu or shredded chicken banh mi. Cash only but they have an atmThe love for the tofu hoagie needs no more introduction.  It is nothing short of amazing.  The Vietnamese chicken is also wonderful for us non-veg types. 
The market itself is also great, chock full of organic and vegetarian options.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.Fu-wah gets five stars alone for having nearly everything I could have possibly run out of, a true accomplishment for a corner store.  The staff is friendly and helpful, and if you are a regular they would order something for you if you ask.  Also, the place is not cramped.  People seem to order their sandwich and stand in the most annoying places in the middle of th aisles, but there is plenty of actual space.
I generally don't eat tofu, as most of my non-carnal protein is beans.  If I want a solid thing I just use pork or chicken.  That being said the tofu hoagie here is amazing.  Spicy, sweet, heavenly.  The tofu's consistency is almost like that of the pate in a traditional bahn-mi, which makes it awesome.Tofu. Hoagie. Tofu hoagie tofu hoagie. Malkovich malkovich.
I'm not a vegan, but I still like to go here and pretend that I am. The staff is friendly and quick with your order (usually of tofu hoagies). In the meantime I like to browse the drinks and world foods. In honesty, I usually just get Pirate Booty and Wasabi Peas. But Fu-Wah is preferable to most convenience locations, particularly those in West Philly.We were in the area wanting a snack and saw banh mi featured on the window as we passed by. Other than those signs in the window, it's really just a small convenience store. After walking in, we weren't even sure where to look for banh mi (above the cashier). I ordered classic pork with pate, and my wife ordered roasted pork. Prices were quite reasonable, and the banh mi were ready pretty quickly.
Both of our sandwiches tasted great and had quite a bit of kick from the jalapenos! The mix of pickled vegetables and meat were great in both, and the bread was on the crusty side. Overall a good experience, and I'd go back for another! They didn't have the chargrilled pork sandwich this time, so I'll try that next time.
They only take cash, but there's an ATM in the store if you need it.omg! i was skeptical. i kept hearing how amazing their tofu hoagies were but never really cared to stop by until today. while i waited for them to make it, i perused the store. they basically have a little of everything. love their asian ingredient selections. they are a bit pricey imo but understandable, considering convenience. i noticed they had a decent selection of kitty products but not so much puppy stuff...maybe they're not dog people? it's ok. i can get my emergency pup stuff from my corner store.
the tofu hoagie with everything is AMAZING! and only $4.30!!! i might get addicted to these guys!I'm grabbing a tofu hoagie hold the jalapeño and a rosewater soda to share, I'm paying for them and putting them in my messenger bag, I'm saying Thank you and Have a nice day, I'm brushing off a catcall from a man outside, I'm biking two miles to the Institute of Contemporary Art, I'm locking up my bike, I'm waiting outside for you to clock off, I'm handing you the bag and saying "Surprise," I'm eating the hoagie with you in the afternoon sun, I'm 753 miles away, I'm three months later, I'm missing you more than ever.Great little "super bodega" off the corner of 47th and Baltimore.  Fantastically nice people, great variety, fresh, turned-over stock.
The deli food is good too -- the very affordable tofu (3.50) and chicken (4.50) banh mi sandwiches are a great pick-me-up.
My only complaint is that, while the variety is good, the prices can be somewhat exhorbitant.  8 dollars for 350 mls of olive oil?  75 cents for hoagie rolls?  Almost 10 bucks for a tin of wasabi peas?
In short, because this is the only place to get some of these items for a 20 block radius, they can afford to jack up prices.  So, in the end, they'll have what you need, but everything will cost about 2-3 dollars more than you're used to.  Medium-to high end items, for high end prices.  Hey, I still shop there, so it can't be that bad.  Worth the trip.How can a small  deli market be so wonderful?   Tofu hoagies!! For $3.50 you  can  get these wonderful  freshly made  sandwiches here.    Another  gem in University City  which  services the U of Penn students.  Fu Wah   also  carries a  great  eclectic assortment of  food and  non food items that  lean in the organic/healthy direction.  
They also  care  a  nice assortment of   Fentiman's  soda  from the UK  which I  LOVE as well as  cool potato chips  made with avocado oil.  A  perfect   addition to their already marvelous  tofu  hoagie.  YUM!I came to Fu-Wah on a freezing day exclusively for the Tofu Hoagie/Banh Mi, after waiting nearly 5 years for the opportunity to try it.
Meh.
I mean, everything about it was... correct?--the bread was crusty-on-the-outside-soft-on-the-inside, the pickled veggies sharp, and the cilantro plenty, but I guess the tofu / sauces / seasonings were just lacking, or something. It really had very little flavor to me, contrary to many other Tofu Banh Mis I've had over the years. The tofu was a wonderful texture, and all the other ingredients were on point, but my mouth wasn't bursting with flavors and my tastebuds weren't all stimulated (like they usually are with Banh Mis.) I dunno what it was. Maybe my Banh Mi standards are high.
It was a very average Banh Mi, though I guess for the low price, I understand why people hype it up.
The market part of Fu-Wah, however, was a lovely convenience store with lots of Asian groceries.
But man, that Tofu Hoagie/Banh Mi was a letdown. Hopefully I'll get the chance to come back and try it again, to see if maybe it was just an off day.We're not in West Philly often so we had to rely on recs from friends on quick bites to eat in the area.  "Fortunately" for us, the restaurant we planned to go to was closed for vacation.  We passed this place on the way back and I noticed they had bahn mi.  Normally I would think twice about getting Vietnamese sandwiches from a small, nondescript mini mart in an unfamiliar area, but Yelp convinced us to venture in.  I had roast pork with all the toppings.  The bread was warm and toasty, meat and pickled toppings were in good proportion and tasty, and I was not left wanting anything else.  Though I did give the jalapenos to my husband because I didn't want the heat to prevent me from scarfing down the sandwich as we walked to our dessert destination :). I would absolutely come back here again, especially to try the grilled pork (not available the day we visited).Fu-Wah as far as im concerned is the beating heart of West Philly. Run by the nicest people with the most delicious (and cheap!) bahn-mi. Even though I no longer live there I return periodically simply in honor of their bahn-mi.Stumbled in to this place after reading lots of praises about the tofu hoagies.
I would never have come here since there are many other organic, ethnic type places in my neighborhood.  It's not too hard to find either.
As far as what others have said about it being cramped inside etc., I thought it was well laid out.  You had enough space to move around and everything was neatly placed.  I thought it was a good use of space.  Lots of organic, vegetarian stuff, and the basic local corner store type stuff.
I ordered one tofu hoagie to go.  You can get it spicy if you want.  Please do! I think it makes it even more delicious.  The smell was terrific....got home and went to town!  I was suprised it was so good.  What can't youdo with tofu huh? But a hoagie?  Yeah it worked for me.  However I had to drizzle on some more hot sauce since I like my stuff SPICY!!  The tofu was well done and greatly seasoned, topped with shredded carrots, cabbage (I think it was cabbage), cilantro, and peppers.    All of this on the cheap.
I'm totally up for stopping by again.  I even found some cool mango and guava yogurt, which wasnt bad at all.The tofu hoagie with everything (plus extra jalapeños): it's amazing. And if you don't want to wait, they're super friendly on the phone and will make any number in advance. 
I don't know anything about the other things sold here, but that tofu hoagie is one of the best things about West Philly.Had the vegetarian tofu Vietnamese hoagie, with spice. Nothing too special, and took a while to make. Perhaps it was all the hype surrounding the banh mi that made my first bite of one severely less-than-epic? 
Interesting flavors, but did not blow my mind.I dream about their roast pork sandwich.
And it's cheap!This place has the best tofu hoagies, and normally I hate tofu. The owner is VERY nice, the kind of front counter person I wish most convenient stores had. When I visit my old digs in west Philly I try to stop by and get a sandwich.I wouldn't say it was the best vietnamese hoagie that I've had but it was damn delicious.  
The nice thing about this particular hoagie was how clean and crisp it felt.  Just really fresh and vibrant.  The bread was a little lacking in that it didn't remind me that Vietnam was once a French colony and was hardly baguette-like.  And as demanding as this is, I always like my hoagies to remind me of geo-political history from the mid 19th century.  Just a little quirk of mine.
Again, it's always great to find little go-to places like this that blend in but are very much a diamond in the rough.got a delicious tofu hoagie, a bargain for $4, if you get it hot they add jalepanos. in the summer they got seating outside on the sidewalk. many vegan options including daiya cheese, field roast italian,  and sweet and sara smores bars.Vietnamese Chicken Hoagie with Cucumbers and Cilantro=delicious.  
Good prices, fresh food.  Also try seaweed crackers and chocolate pocky sticks.The tofu hoagie lived up to all the hype. I would get extra jalapenos in the future (at $0.30 extra) because I like it spicy. I mistakenly tried to order at the register and they chuckled at me and directed me to the giant "order here" sign. Oops, I was a Fu-Wah virgin. I don't go to West Philly often, it's like another damn state, but I think I'll be traveling there more often to get my banh mi fix!Amazing sandwiches (if you don't like the tofu hoagie, try to the chicken-- it's my favorite!), wonderful selection of groceries, and the friendliest workers you'll ever meet. When my sister, who has celiac disease and has to eat gluten free, was living with us they offered to stock anything she might need that she couldn't find in the area. If they don't have something, they'll always get it. We cook a lot of asian food, so we go here to pick up the odd package of thai basil or bottle of sriracha (rooster sauce) when we run out.  They also have packages of a special Thai Tea mix that you can make in your coffeemaker-- ask them about it, it's delicious! Can't praise this place enough-- just wish they had a seating area, but they told us that the insurance was just too much for them. Still five stars from me!