Meh. Not too impressed.So I had to do the Pat's vs Geno's taste test for myself after seeing it on The Travel Channel.Lets start with the building.....it looks like Snooki & Jwoww live there.VERY GAUDY.If they put the effort they put into making the outside of the building gaudy into their Cheesesteaks then maybe their Cheesesteaks would be really good.I ordered a Cheesesteak add Provolone,American and onions.The bread was really chewy compared to Pat's and the meat was very dry.The meat to bread ratio just wasn't right either,there was just too much dry, chewy bread & too little meat.At one point while I was chewing a bite I felt like I had cotton mouth.(Beleive me,that's not a good feeling.) There was definitely less meat and cheese on my Geno's cheesesteak & overall the sandwich was just bigger at Pat's. I know that there are waaay better cheesesteak places than these 2 in Philly because we asked some locals but I had to do the "touristy taste test "thing for myself.The results are in, and the winner is..........Pat's. Next time I come to Philly I won't be coming to either one of these just because I wanna go try other places but if you absolutely had to choose from these 2 then it's definitely Pat's hands down.We arrived here just after midnight and had no difficulty finding a place to park or a place to sit down and eat.  The tables line the sidewalk. I ordered the cheesesteak; what else is a tourist to do?  Maybe I was expecting something different I am from Jersey... it was disappointing.  The cheesesteak has chucks of steak that were exceptionally chewy and the cheese that failed to improve the overall experience. It didn't have a particular flavor that stood out and it was honestly forgettable except for the prices. It is expensive.  In a city full of flavor and variety.... I will try somewhere else next time.Both the cheese steak and the freedom fries were not that tasty. I was a bit disappointed.Kind of disappointed that after waiting 20+ mins in line in the freezing cold weather, the cheesesteak was not worth it. Wanted to try an authentic philly cheesesteak whilst there, so upon looking at the piling long lines of people waiting to get their hands on geno's Philly cheesesteak we joined the line as well, thinking long lines = Awesome food. Boy, were we wrong. Ordered 1 philly, 1 mushroom philly. Taste was bland, no flavor, bread as mentioned in numerous other reviews was chewy and i second that 100%. The meat seemed not up to the standards of philly steaks. And to add a cherry on top, the old lady at the cash register tried to short change me. Delassandros was way way way way way better when I had their cheesesteaks before.
So as of now, number 1 cheesesteak is still mitchels in OCMD, number 2 delassandros, philly. Number 3 ??Yeah, there's a rivalry with Pat's.
Yeah, they have neon.
Yeah, their bread is fresher.
However, I think Geno's is average. With so many options in the city, Geno's is popular because that's where the tourists go. Try Chinks or Delassandros, much better experience. If you want the typical Philly cheese steak experience, go to Geno's. If you want a better steak, go somewhere else.Well, here is another three star rating and this is why . 
I am a native Californian so I can picture it already. "EY, Waddayanow about steaks?" Well, l may not know cheesesteaks, but I know what I like. 
I did like the sandwich, but it wasn't what I thought it would be. It had good flavor, and I loved the onions. I ordered it "wizz, wit" and I was surprised how FAST they get things done. I also got the cheese fries and a drink. All in all it was around $15 (!) and I ate it right there on the benches. Yes, it was cold with the wind blowing. 
The best way I can describe it is to draw a parallel observation with another LA landmark that people rave and fawn over. King Taco. Sure, they make good food. Sure they serve tons of customers every night and are rather well known. Sure they make GREAT late night stops. However, late night munchies are not really the best way to judge foodstuffs. Perhaps being soaked in booze from late night carousing adds to the overall experience. There is NOTHING wrong with that. Just in the same way I like King Taco, I liked Geno's.
I however, have had better cheesesteaks. So far, the best cheesesteak I have had in the US was at Moochie's in Salt Lake City. It is not blasphemy, and it in no way takes Geno's down for what it is. A pioneer in the field of cheeseteaks with a history only perhaps one other restaurant can rival. That rivalry I am sure also adds to the legend. 
Still, 3 stars for the food. -Subject to change based on intoxication-Obnoxious lights. Pats steaks are so much better across the street. Long live King Pat Steaks!Take a picture there then leave. If you're unbelievably famished, then order the cheese fries.Geno's suffers from being over exposed and hyped, but really from a purely impartial standpoint, their steaks are above average.  I think the steak itself is a 3.5 star product, but their hot sauce earns a star just by itself.  It's one of the best (and spiciest restaurant hot sauces I've encountered).
Give it a shot, the hot sauce makes the steak twice as good.  Be forewarned to add it sparingly -- it is hella hot.  If you think of hot sauces on a scale of 1 to 10, where Frank's Red Hot is a 1.5 and Tabasco is a 3.  The Geno's hot sauce is a 7.Worst steak I've had in Philly. Cannot understand why anyone likes this place. The folks behind the counter are unfriendly at best and down right rude under normal conditions.
Food-wise, the steak was very bland. No salt/pepper. Cheese was like plastic. Way over priced for soggy, bland food. A real let down.
I took my wife here as she was new to Philly as a tourist treat and we were sorely disappointed. The best steak I've had thus far is the unknown joint up on Somerset and Broad, "Broad Street Steaks". So good you'll hurt yourself!
Leave this guy and his rude ways and get a real steak some place else.Since moving to Philly a few months ago, I had been avoiding going to either Pat's or Geno's due to the depressing reviews. But when our friend came to visit from overseas, I felt obligated to take her on her last night in town. Poor girl had never had a cheesesteak before.
Yeah.
Anyway, I forgot which one was the bigot, Pat or Geno, so we just rocked up to Geno's because Pat's had a bit of a line and Geno's had none. At the time it made perfect sense. 
I was going to tell my boyfriend how to order, but decided against it when I realized I didn't care. After ordering at the window, the gruff lady behind the counter translated it as "Wit Wiz" to no one in particular. A few minutes later another gruff lady slid open another window, thrust our cheesesteak out, slid the window shut. Boyfriend waved at her to get a drink and got one filled about 2/3 of the way with ice, which you know was exactly what we wanted for standing around in 30 F (before windchill) weather. 
The cheesesteak ($7.50? Really?) was utter garbage, and this from someone who's only had a cheesesteak twice before: once from the cart in front of the Liberty Bell Center, and another from some random fast food joint in California the week I found out we were moving to Philly. It's been almost a full 24 hours since I ate the thing (because after taking a few bites neither the boyfriend nor our visiting friend wanted anything to do with it, and I hate to waste food, or in this case, "food"), and I still feel the bread and cheese pressing down on my appendix.
Half way through abandoning me to my last meal on earth, the assholes decided they wanted to try Pat's instead. I was like, sure, if you help me finish this we can get a cheesesteak from Pat's. My friend rolled her eyes, the boyfriend hailed a cab, and that was the end of that.Geno's is superb, arguably the best in town.  Thick cut meat and fresh cheese.  But one thing... You gotta order it right or it's "no soup for you, back of the line" .   Order it like this.... Your cheese (Provolone, American, Whiz (cheez whiz) and with or without (onions) and you can get sauce with it as well. For example: "Provolone without" = Provolone cheese steak without onions.  Eat one of these before you black out drunk and you'll wake up feeling fine.Bread is ok. Rest of the sandwich is just not good; flavorless, messy (not in a good way), and tastes like it's made with poor quality ingredients. Go to Jim's on South Street for the best.Was told a bit about this spot by some of the locals! Was told this was THE place to go for a philly cheese steak when in Philly!  Maybe it was the hype that lead to the disappointment with the "Whiz wit Cheese"
The sand which was good but it was far from great! I think the one thing that even made this sandwich even just good was the bread roll that it was served on. 
Did not like that I had to go order a side of fries and my drink from a separate window after waiting in a long line to even order the sand which (they do a good job of keeping the lines moving tho) 
Overall just a decent spot and nothing more...it's a shame it doesn't live up to the hype.Pat's across the street is MUCH better. These are just sub par to ok not really worth the hype IMO.A girlfriend and I shared with me two steaks, one from Genos (American cheese steak) & one from pats (whiz cheese steak) and I actually liked Genos better! The whiz cheese was too overwhelming on the steak, couldn't taste the steak much. It's 50 cents less and better service! The cashier at pat's were bit rude bc we didn't know how to order. Lol. But the cashier from Genos were nice and friendly. I wouldn't go back to Pat's if I'm from Philly!Made the trip from CT primarily to taste the legends and make the comparison of the two proverbial giants of the Philly Cheesesteak scene, Geno's and Pat's. Did the classic 'Whiz Wit' at each and while neither was anything that absolutely blew me away in taste alone, I won't be driving past without stopping anytime soon. Nothing anyone else hasn't said or doesn't know, but busy, and 'heres-your-change-and-your-sandwich-see-ya' very quick service. No problem here as the food is the star. 
In the end, both worthy of the hype but no doubt there's still something better out there. No true discernable taste difference between the two, although the texture of the meat might make a difference to some if comparing the two. 
From the standalone perspective: great bread, meat good and tender but limited in taste, and Whiz is Whiz.  The combination works well and IMO that is why they're here. It'd be a regular stop if I lived anywhere close by.3 = really average.
I liked the wiz. Other than that, the sandwich was pretty blasé. 
Definitely overrated, although better than Pat's.  My comparison review: 
My comparison review of Genos v. Pats:
Despite their poor reviews on Yelp for being over priced, less than spectacular, and staffed by greasy men with the unique streak of arrogance borne of notoriety, we felt that experiencing the origins of the 'steak would be more rewarding than tracking down steakeries more highly regarded by the on-line community. 
So off to South Philly we ventured. We had been warned by other steak hunters that the area inhabited by the legendary steakeries was dilapidated and dangerous- so we were happily surprised to find them located in a vibrant community reminiscent of the San Francisco Mission (except with a lot less Latinos and a lot more Italians.) 
Arriving unmolested, we broke into teams to procure steaks from each of the shops (without out having to stand in both the long winding lines sequentially.) Our team went to Geno's, while Priscilla, Tammy and Sam went to Pat's to pick up our steaks. 
Geno's was interestingly decorated in photo's of the owner and his son posing with scantily-clad, skanky looking women and various celebs, as well as over the top pro-American propaganda and anti-immigrant rhetoric. 
I was warned by a woman in line that I must order our steaks with the whiz. Apparently it caused quite an uproar when John Kerry failed to order the traditional "South Philly," from Geno's- note that Pat's doesn't serve the whiz, so apparently the style only represents the north corner of the intersection, rather than all of South Philly.
When I returned to our seats, team 2 had already procured our steaks from Pats. Apparently some confusion had occurred during ordering, and we now had in our possession 7 steaks- 4 from Pats, and 3 from Genos. 
Both steaks were pretty basic- thin strips of steak with onions on bland French rolls; Pat's came with the traditional Provolone and Geno's with the aforementioned Cheese Whiz.
I started by eating one half of a Pat's steak. It was decent, but uninspiring. Several members of the expedition complained that Pat's Steaks were too dry. While not overly moist, I didn't share their concern; however the flavor was lacking in my opinion. Pat's Steaks were very bland in flavor, reminding me of my own creations before I got down with Montreal seasoning and fresh garlic. The cheese was also lacking in flavor. 
Next, I moved onto a Geno's steak, with the Whiz. I was intrigued by the flavor and consistency of the Whiz; the steak was juicier than Pat's and the Whiz and grease mixed into thin cheese-gravy that soaked the otherwise bland roll. The meat was similarly bland to that of Pat's, but the flavor of the Whiz compensated for the most part. 
I ended up consuming about 2.5-3 steaks in various portions in the sitting, as a excess had been ordered and various members of the expedition were unable to complete their missions, so I feel that I am qualified to end the age old debate as to who makes the best Cheese Steak:
Consensus amongst the group was that Geno's made the better steak of the two, but Geno's lost points due to the quasi-racist vibe, and at least 1 member of the expedition didn't care much for the Whiz. If we had spent more than a single night in Philly, we would have undoubtedly searched for less famous, but more delectable competition, but unfortunately we left the City of Brotherly love disappointed by the over-hyped, over-rated 'steaks. 
Mike's Ratings: (On a scale from 1-5, 5 being perfect and 1 being inedible.)
Cheese Steak Shop: 4.5-5 (Great tasting, but pretty expensive. I require a 15' to fully satisfy my hunger)
Geno's: 3-3.5 (Tasty, also too damn expensive) 
Pat's: 2.5-3 (Very bland, I can do better at home.)
Vanessa's Ratings:
Cheese Steak Shop: 5 ("Yummy!")
Geno's: 3.5 ("I wouldn't go out of my way to stand in that line & he's racist.")
Pat's: 2 ("It was too dry.")
I didn't care much for Geno's arrogance either.I liked the bread  better then at the place across the street.  I liked that the steak was in larger pieces.  I liked that the wit were nice big chunks.  The wiz wasn't as wizzy as I would have liked, the other place might win there.  My wife likes the other place, I tend to think Geno's win.  The quest for the perfect cheesesteak continues.
Cash only.  $2 soda, a lil cheaper then across the street.  Brighter lit up at night.Another great option for a cheesesteak in Philly. Nothing fancy, but certainly delicious. Pat's is my place, but Geno's is certainly good as well.Why? I mean I can now say I've gotten an actually philly cheesesteak and it's just sadly disappointing. With wiz or without whatever it's really just kind of sad. Particularly for when it's almost 10 bucks and parking is a bitch. I ended up going somewhere else to eat another cheesesteak (not Pat's) in the same night, just to get the taste out of my mouth basically.Geno's is awesome! It is so clean, fast and delicious! Our food was fresh. The place is super clean. And the Staff was great!Geno's is a tourist attraction, not a true Philly cheesesteak joint. They are tossing meat on a roll and charging $9.50 to out of town folks looking for an "experience". The steaks are simply not good. 
Ride over to Tony Luke's for an authentic Philly cheesesteak. The place is less crowded and the food is so much better. The cheesesteaks are made to order, the rolls have a perfect crust. Just as I remembered when I lived here 20 years ago.Go else where for a cheesesteak. There are better options. The regular sandwich has a so-so bun and the meat was dry.
The fries were average. 
Overrated; went there based on the name only. Go else where.It's the classic Philly Cheesesteak! What more can you say. Ya gotta go! I can't decide between here and Pat's they're both damn good and pretty similar. Go to both. You decide!Love cheesesteaks here!!!!! I like how they cut their meat thin slice and easy to chew, it was tender and love onions was cook on the point. 
 The only thing is their service wasn't friendly!!!!Have done a taste test between this and pats twice. I would have to say that meat is by far more lean and the bread rocks over their direct competitors. Always a line though - for good reason of course.Yeah we liked Geno's. We liked em at 3:30 am in our Hotel room when "daddy" went out to get us one after a long evening. So kinda funny I went to Geno's on the GPS from our airport hotel because Geno's showed up as open 24 hrs on the google search, and they were open. Pat's also looked open, more on that in a second.
Anyways I got us a American, without, and the idea was to stroll over to Pat's also and take her back one of those as well.
We loved the Geno's, the meat is not fine chopped, which I like fine chopped, but the Geno's rolling ear style cut is still good, the bread was awesome, kinda hard but it was still soft!
The cheese was good. I would like to get a few more of these down my belt, and the girlfriend liked it too. 24 hours is awesome, good deal.
 Anyways about crossing the street, it was 3 am so I got my Geno's and I kinda tucked it to the left thinking maybe the guy's at Pat's didn't see me stop at Geno's and get all offended by the double dipping, but them waiting on an after ego crush wasn't even the case at Pat's because they were cleaning the grill. At least that's what they told me, I like to concoct a story that they were offended I picked Geno's first, but I'm allowed to do that, this is my head. That would be pretty cool if it was like that, my girlfriend and I were throwing our voices all night and the next a.m. playing make believe vocals of some "tommy yelling about how dare this mf'er go there first and then come to us after, nope f- that guy!" or" that guys just got with us and now he's going over there"
Day after we did do Pat's but took a picture for our Geno's review then also since we didn't snap pictures of the actual steak the night before!
Check out my other reviews for other steak places in Philadelphia during our stay!Nope. Geno's just doesn't hold a candle to Pat's. Maybe it's the bread (it tastes really chewy) or the sign that says "This is America, please speak English" and "I want my country back," but it just doesn't do it for me like Pat's does. Who would have thought a grandchild of Italian immigrants would be so intolerant? Just head across the street to Pat's for a really good Philly cheesesteak experience, minus the hypocrisy.I should've listened to all the local fellow yelpers on this one... BUT, we wanted to do our own "FOOD FEUD" and started with Geno and then went to Pats...  I probably would've given them a higher rating had we not enjoyed a departure cheesesteak at Carmen's (Reading Market!).  Between Geno and Pat - Geno won for us - the bread was fresh and tasty and the meat (skimpy) was not as greasy as Pat.  It packs a crowd (both establishments), but as a fellow yelper pointed out - it definitely is the tourist trap appeal.  Taste around the city folks, you WILL find a cheesesteak that makes Philly proud!I don't care what anyone says, the steaks here are fabulous. The staff isn't the friendliest but its Philadelphia for gods sakes! A true landmark.Yuck. This place was so full of racist and ethnically hostile political signs against immigrants that I couldn't even bring myself to buy a cheesesteak from them, but I have tasted their steaks.  They're not very goodl.  I'm never going back to the place...
When I first moved to Philly 5 years ago, a few friends from NYC visited and wanted to try Pat's and Geno's.  They're across the street from each other.  They seem like mostly tourist places.  At that point, I had never tried either.  Most of my friends ordered steaks at Geno's first, because it's the first place we encountered on our walk there.  So, I waited in line with my friends (prepared to order my own), but was shocked by all the extremely prejudiced and ethnically/racially hostile signs all over the place.  Seriously, I'm embarrassed this is a celebrated Philadelphia "establishment," we should all be embarrassed about that type of "in your face" prejudice.  The people working behind the counter also seemed rude, so I went across the street to Pat's and picked up a cheesesteak.  
On the upside, Pat's wasn't full of offensive signs.  But both steaks were comparable, and not that great. 
Now I know that Jim's on South St. and Steve's Prince of Steaks in NorthEast Philly are the best classic cheese steaks in Philly.  If you want a good cheesesteak, try Jim's or Steve's: They're much better (delicious) cheesesteaks.  Plus, you won't be supporting that kind of blatant prejudice!Only thing cool about this place is the lighted signs. This place always has shorter lines than Pat's because the cheesesteak is not as good. It's by no means bad, but it's not that great. Cheese fries are not that great either. Plus the staff is EXTREMELY rude and they have racist signs posted on the walls discouraging immigrants and others who can't speak english. Are you friggin kidding me??? your parents/grandparents ancestors aren't immigrants from Italy?? Avoid this place, it blows.Total tourist trap.  Super expensive steak ummmm on limp bread.  Not Philly's best steak by a long shot.  Go someplace else.Over price and over rated. Customer service is not the same as 15 years ago.  An employee at geno told me to get a cup from pats since I was holding a pats bag.  My friend and I eat from both places and never pats ever blew me off... I think they forgot where they came from.fuck this place...bad food and bad service.   fuck the all the minimum wage workers that work there cuz they all got bad attitudes.More of a 2.5, but I rounded up. As I'm sitting here in PHL eating a philly cheesesteak  (shout-out to Jet Rock Bar & Grill in terminal D!) I can't say I'm deriving any less satisfaction from it than the one I had from Geno's. 
The cheesesteak at Geno's is by no means NASTY, but c'mon, this is supposed to be Philly's best? The rainbow colored neon signs that we saw 5 blocks away showed promise (Pat's, you've gotta work on the decor, your place looks downright morbid compared to Geno's fluorescent faux-Vegas lights and like a flying insect I was inexplicably drawn to it) but the sandwich left something to be desired. Everything was just so.. average. Probably a little bit on the bland side, even. I don't know, I think I'd rather have a cheesesteak from Charley's at the mall. 
p.s. Mean workers :( and shady-lookin' neighborhood.If I wanted an armpit wit cheese, I would ask for it. But you can't. You have to order in a "special" ;-) language, or else! Heavs forbid someone taint their holy earholes with a friendly "Hola, neccessito mucho queso adicional, para mi pinga!"I guess it depends on what you are looking for. Personally i am a fan of ishkabibbles on south street.I cringed just giving this place one star! It is crap! The cheesesteak was dry! My meet was cold and every slice of meet was trimmed in loads of fat! They're robbing tourists with this crap sandwich which costs a whopping $10! Do yourself a favor and stay away! Subway's steak sandwich is better! And.. if you want to know what a really good steak sandwich is like, come down to New Orleans and try a roast beef poboy.... that is how it's done!Geno's & Pat's may have a notable history and role in what they've done for our City, but lets not kid ourselves here...these are seriously the worst cheesesteaks you can get in Philly.  They've become the fast-food version of a great sandwich, like a steak shop equivalent of McDonald's and Burger King, right across the street from each other. If you're in a pinch, they'll do, as they're the only places (that I know of) that are open 24 hours. But much better sandwiches can be had elsewhere.Very very long line. I don't really see what the fuss is about these places. There are total tourist traps but you have to try at least once. Genos cheese steak was better put together. The meat is one piece with cheese, peppers and mushrooms but it was lacking the flavor Pat's had. But Pat's was a lot messier and harder to eat. You do have to eat them both right away because the bread gets saggy really easyWell, in the great debate... we were Pat's fans over Geno's. Trying the wiz, peppers & onions the meat quality was less appealing than Pat's and there was too much cheese.
We also tried the cheese fries, which were a good addition. They were hot & crispy which made them enjoyable.First place we visited in our own 3 cheesesteak morning tour in mid-December.  They finished second.  With that said, you should definitely try both them and Pat's just to see what you like.  My wife and I split one at each.  Geno's was fine, but we preferred the bread better at Pat's.  If you're a tourist, I don't see having to pick one place, unless maybe you are a midget traveling solo.  We got there at 10AM on a Sunday morning in December and there was no line.  Sat down for 10 minutes in our jackets and enjoyed the heck out of out sandwich, then crossed the street and did the same at Pat's.  This would be my recommendation.  Unlike some, we will not hold Geno's accountable for the 18 degree weather, I'm thinking this is out of their control.
Also, a lot of comments are critical of the cash only.  This isn't Peter Luger's, my wife and I spent $10, maybe you get two so now you're up to $20 - you don't have $20?  If so, there may be bigger issues here than Geno's perfectly clear cash policy.
Unlike some, we didn't find the staff rude.  My wife and I completely New York'ed our order, just told them what we wanted and left out the wit' or wit' out wording.  The ordering instructions are pretty clear, we messed up, but we still got our sandwich with no attitude.  And even if there is a slight attitude folks, it's not like you're asking about the nose on a '04 cab, it's an order window.
And one more thing, just to address a fellow Yelper's comment - "Next, no indoor seating or covered seating".  Do they advertise indoor seating?  Do you research before you go?  How is this Geno's fault?  Also, there is a giant awning covering a number of the outdoor tables, look at any picture.  Were you maybe at some-sort of Phily cheesesteak cart?  Did you not look up?  You want to knock the food, even though most of us are not food critics, Yelp gives us the avenue to do that.  But what's annoying is when things that the Yelper clearly screwed up are being held against the establishment.  
Even though we preferred the cheesesteak better at Pat's, as someone that works at the World Trade Center, I respect the 9/11 patch they had on the outside of the place.  There is an intense rivalry between New York and Philly when it comes to sports, it's cool to see that when all that bullshit ends, we're on the same team.  So they get four stars as well.We added a trip to Gino's after seeing it featured on Man vs. Food and we were so glad we did. We drove all the way from Boston to take part in the duel with Pat's Steaks across the way. Best looking Steak n Cheese I have ever had. Sad to say that Gino passed away 5 days after we made our trek. I'm glad I was able to make the trip and meet Gino. RIP GinoI trudged through snow-covered streets on my last day in Philadelphia to get to this place and as soon as I took a bite into my cheesesteak, I was disappointed.
The meat is not of great quality and there was not a lot of it for the price tag ($9).  I also had a birch beer, which tasted fine.
Note to those who have never been there:  the seating is only outdoors so if you are going in the wintertime, like myself (what was I thinking?), you must brave the cold while eating a sub-par sandwich.
I really wanted to like this place, I made it a point to get there before I left but I was not that impressed.
I've had better cheesesteaks from northern NJ pizzerias.First off, i'm glad to see the reviews have come down on this place.  I remember looking a few years ago when i was first going to do the philly cheesesteak thing and being pretty excited.  Same review below as for Pat's, since they are just the same sh*t, different toilet.
Complete trash.  If you've ever eaten a cheesesteak in your life, avoid this place.  Just a tourist trap and hype machine.  Quizno's makes a much better cheesesteak.  In the question of pat's vs geno's, the answer is, who f*cking cares?  They both suck.  Went here 2 years ago with my brother.  Needless to say, i was excited, cuz i love food and heard so much about these two places.  I took a bite, looked at him, and started laughing.  Same with geno's, though.  I figured maybe i was mistaken, so i have gone back every time i've gone to philly for a concert or something (live in DC).  Nope.  Eaten here three or four times.  Wish i had my $30 back, so i could buy a grenade and blow the two places up.
Maybe if i was blackout drunk.Yikes.  I only recently returned to Geno's after a LONG time just to give it one more go before getting the junk out of my diet (yeah right).  I was disappointed to say the least.  What I remember as a kid was replaced with a luke warm, chewy roll with hardly any meat.  The fries were kind of in the same boat.  The cheese was also semi-warm and you could tell the fries were sitting out for some time.  I guess I should know better but I was still willing to give it a go.  The crazy part was that it wan't crowded nor too late in the night.  I guess I'll have to go elsewhere should the steak craving return because both corners have been a disappointment.This place sucked .. Don't believe the hype... I tried both and pats is way better then Geno's .but I will never come from ny for either again. I make better at home . What a let downI was in the area and decided to stop in and try a cheesesteak.  I was not really impressed with what I got.  The bread was a little too chewy for my liking.  The meat was decent, but kind of dry.  I did order the sandwich with provolone, so that might have been a factor for the dryness.  This place is definitely worth a try due to the history, but that is about all.I came here and then tried Pat's afterwards for a taste test. Both are about the same price for a cheese steak, $9.
It is a good size here, about 9 inches. However, the sandwich was a disappointment. The meat itself was very bland. The bread was also too thick. I threw away a piece of the sandwich before I finished it.
A couple other observations that are not necessarily good or bad: They put more onions here than Pat's and the cheese whiz is more watery.As a native Philadelphian who has been eating cheesesteaks for nearly 40 years, I find it hard to believe that anyone could think Geno's is anything more than a tourist trap glomming off its location near Pat's.  The taste ans texture of the meat is inferior, the whiz is often not properly stirred so as to lead to inconsistency, the fries are often lukewarm and not properly crisp.  Save your time and money and go elsewhere.***TOURIST TRAP***
I was a tourist, saw the familiar sign, and HAD to see what all the fuss was about. After about 45 minutes of waiting in a line around the corner I order my cheesesteak with whiz. Immediately I think "Thats all?". Kinda small, not much meat, a little bland. Theres an hour of my life I'll never get back... YOU OWE ME GENO!!! I know Pat's across the street may be a trap too, but their sandwich is bigger, about $.50 cheaper, looks better, and the line is shorter. Just saying...Really??? So disappointed. I have scene this place on TV for so many years. I have eaten " Philly  cheese steaks" waiting for the original. The meat was skimpy and had little flavor. If this is the best Philly has to offer then i feel bad!!If you love your friends, family and your children.. please do not bring them here.
Dry sliced beef, chewy roll and a bit overpriced for the quality.
I feel sorry for you all who never taste a better cheese steak.
Genos or Pat's... get a better cheese steak somewhere else.
Or save money and get your cheese steak from your corner Chinese take-out restaurantwww.steakumm.com/steaks.htmHad some Pat's and immediately walked across to Geno's to compare. Gotta give to to Geno's by a nose but I prefer the classic feel of Pat's.This was my 1st Philly cheesesteak ever.  It was decent. I asked was was most popular and ordered that.  Ultimately, there was nothing "special" about it to me.  The meat lacked flavor.  Overall it was just, "meh."In the Pat's VS Geno's debate I'm going to have to pick Geno's.  Bread was better and steak tasted better. 
Neither one will win an award for customer service, but Geno's has a better wrapper and indie seats with AC if you want to eat inside.  If i ever come back to Philly I'll go to Geno's.My son and I made this first time trip to this iconic steak place. We ordered 1 sandwich and split it because we planned on sharing a sandwich at Pat's as well. As I have read, for an iconic place, I would have expected a bigger sandwich with some more meat as well. The sandwich with the cheese tasted great. We got this sandwich without onions because my son does eat them but we really enjoyed it. The 10.00 price is not bad. I bet people would be willing to pay more if the sandwich was bigger.
I would definitely come back again.
The downfalls are: Parking is difficult, like Brooklyn, they only take cash and no bathrooms.  We went into a local bar to use bathrooms. The bartender said we had to make a purchase so my son had a 5.00 shot. Not bad if you have to go!! The place was crowded so these downfalls obviously do not keep people away. I think the rules about knowing how to order keep the line moving quicker. If you get up to the window and do not know how to order, you will be responsible for backing up customers behind you.
Read the rules and you will be fine.Been want to come here since the mid 1970's.  Tried Pat's also.  For me it was too greasy and not enough cheese but it was tasty.  I know these are tourist traps these days but don't care!Was dragged here while the group I visited Philadelphia with was sightseeing.
I ordered the cheese fries and I feel like I could have done a better job by buying fries from mcdonalds and dumping cheese wiz on it.
Not to mention the xenophobic "speak english" signs are ridiculous also the staff was incredibly rude.
I think "regional food" is nonsensical but if you want to get the philly cheesesteak I'd recommend going to Pat's especially if you're a minority who has the audacity to have English as a second language.Way better than their competition across the street! Make sure to get the whiz! We tried both sandwiches and thought the bread was way better at Geno's. It was great!Great steaks. Good atmosphere. Always go here when I'm in town especially for a sports game before or after the game. Customer service is friendly. Thank you geno's for a great steak "whiz w/"I stopped in for Philly cheesesteak sandwiches and ate at both pat's and geno's. I liked geno's better. Not sure if it was because I tried cheese wizz here and American at pat's. Either way I enjoyed the experience at both locations.I can't even begin to explain the love I have for this place.  I love ketchup.  I put it on everything.  Not this cheese steak.  I can honestly say it is made to absolute perfection.  It is juicy and the meat is just so flavorful.  Its amazing.  I wouldn't even call it drunk food because I can easily eat it when I'm sober.  I think I can eat it every day.  I just finished my cheese steak.  I bought it last night and I picked some up for my friends in North NJ and they were like damn this is a good cheese steak.  I just had to let everyone know that this IS that spot.I just don't get it why people are so crazy about this philly cheese steak. I won't mind the line and the jammed pack intersection. It reminds me of the philly cheese steak at a bad food court.Came here on business and decided to try Geno's.  I'm sad to report that I left very unimpressed and disappointed!
The meat had almost no flavor at all. The portions of meet and "wiz" (cheese wiz) weren't anything like I saw when I saw a show on cable about them vs. Pat's.
I have to say that the cheese steak sandwiches back in CA at Jersey Mike's or Philly's Best blow away these in every way.
It was a fun stop while here but I'm going to head over to Tony's tomorrow and see if they are much better like I've read all over online.Today a group of four tried 3 different well renown cheesesteak places; Pat's, Geno's, and Jim's. Jim's was the best of the three that we tried. The cheesesteaks were larger and better than Pat's. Geno's and Pat's had outdoor seating. Geno's (2nd) had thicker slices and seem to marinate their meat. Jim's (1st) had a huge wait in the line but was way worth it. Great cheesesteaks.From San Francisco and it's true...I had never had a Philly Cheesesteak until I came here.  We were going to go to Pat's, but the line was far too long so we made the mistake of coming here.  So the experts ordered for me and I had a sandwich with meat, "wiz", and onions.  Wiz tastes like bad nacho cheese sauce.  Gross.  So I slathered mine in terribly hot sauce that should be labeled "Lethal" since only then was it bearable.  It did make the BF look like he was going to die while he gagged repeatedly.  At least I got free entertainment.  I only managed to eat a few bites before a friend finished mine.  My stomach hurt all day long the next day and I had to put up with the BF and his gnar gnar gas attacks.  
The only good thing was the cheese fries, which I will give one star for since these were DELICIOUS!  The cheese did not taste the same as the "wiz" sauce, but who knows, maybe it was.When you think of Cheese Steak think of Geno's Steaks in Philadelphia . I would come in on the 2 o'clock train just to have a sandwich here before my girlfriend got out of class at Penn. Later that evening while she was asleep I would go and get another sandwich. Cheese Steaks are better than cuddling. 
Do not order fries with it, this is not a hamburger. Think of it as an Italian American gift to the world similar to the Burrito in California.I'm a local guy and took some friends over to Geno's and Pats to get their cheesesteak fix.  
First off - decor:  Pats has stepped up their game, but Genos still looks better.  
Second  - cheesesteak:  Genos has better cuts of meat, but they don't slice it up and isn't enough meat for what you pay for.  The bread is ok - wasn't as crispy as Pats.  Must get whiz on the steak!
Third - fries:  the fries are much better over at Pats. 
You can try both, but I would go to Pats.really nothing special about this place or the sandwiches      Not bad but I really don't understand the hype
add in the long lines and piss poor service with the tons of tacky pictures of who must be Geno with celebrities and it left me a little angry that I ate here
or
maybe it was all the somewhat racist stickers all 
I did like their sandwich better than Pat's thoughPretty good. Way better than Denver. I like Pat's better. It's meatier and they use real Cheez wiz. The meat has something Pat's doesn't. I can't put my figure out what it is. It is a little better here. The service is terrible. They are both fun and a good visit. Best in town is Sonny's.I loved my Geno's experience so much that I have a picture of my boyfriend and I outside of ithe glorious bright shack on my cell phone that I look at everyday!  
I loved how they were so thin, easy to eat, and not particularly as messy as you  may expect.  I love mine with whiz and onions... and some ketchup!
The people working there have no patience for people who don't know what they want or don't know how  to order  (1 whiz with!) so be ready!!!!  The line always seemed to wrap around the building but movied really quick.
I haven't tried Pat's so I can not compare it as most do to them... perhaps I will need to try it on my next trip to Philly so I can.You definitely can't go wrong with ordering the Wiz Cheesesteak sandwich! It was great!! The down side is that its cash only but there are some ATM's nearby. In my opinion, the place is a bit touristy but it's been open for many decades so that wasn't a shocker. This is definitely a place to try if you're visiting!I don't know what I expected when all my Lyft drivers said no one from Philly goes here. But you have to go because of Rocky and all the TV show hype, right?
Haha... It looks like a cheesesteak. It feels like one in your hand. The bread is fantastic, but once you bite into it...
The raw onions are unpleasant, but surprisingly the most enjoyable part of the ensemble. The cheese whiz - I don't know how to describe it, tastes funky even for processed cheese. And the steak - I don't know what that is. I'm not against long strips of meat - I think that's a great idea. But when it's been overcooked for god knows how long on the flat top, it's drier than jerky and not in a good way. 
I suppose this is something I would never know without experiencing. But I suppose there's a reason why the tables were empty with no line in the middle of dinner time.When I went to Geno's for my battle of the cheesesteaks, and I caught my first glance of their hoagie, I was a little taken back. What is this? A steakum sandwich??
But just as my local friend had stated, Geno's is the goto. And despite it looking different then any cheesesteak I've ever had, the flavor was on point! Whiz with was a taste of heaven.This place is so over rated  the steak was cold as were the fries, the cheese wasn't salty and the water bottles have the guys face on it -____-. I don't care if you have the largest billboard or brightest sign of the food is no good then the food is no good, sorry.Its a basic Philly Cheesesteak...BUT I gotta say...Pats wins for me.
The bread is good. and so are the fries, but...I prefer to go somewhere else now.
I guess I can be a bit more touristy and try Tony Lukes.
I kind of rather try a hole in the wall spot....or stay in NY and grab a cheesexteak in the city would work too. 
They're good but nothing special, although its fun to have the "Yoooo lets go to Philly and get cheesesteaks mini road trip"
I'd rather wait on the line across the street, just sayin!