Ugh what the hell happened to this place? Literally opened a couple months& they're going downhill. The meat tastes cold& uncooked, thick, with fat& I think cartilage. It doesn't look too appetizing as well. The onions and the mushrooms are good but for some reason, altogether taste really bland. I thought this place was going to be mindblowingly good. I guess airport food are always going to be terrible because the people who work there will probably only see you once and you won't be a return customer& they know this so they don't care about the food they make for you. They do a half ass job. If you have high standards, don't come here. You can find somewhere else to quench your tastebuds.The steak had no flavor! It was just boiled meat. The bread was the best part of the sandwich don't waste your time with this place!Was just passing through Philadelphia during a 1 hr layover and was hoping for a good Philly cheesesteak because I've never had from the dish's hometown. Was incredibly disappointed by the flavorless, oily sandwich I was served. Based on the ratings and reviews I'm going to assume I didn't get the real experience because if this is what a Philly cheesesteak is supposed to taste like, I never want another.Let down. I was in a hurry to catch my next flight and thought Philly... Philly cheesesteak! And with their convenient location in the airport I was able to grab a sandwich without little delay. Should have known better since there was NO line. But that pic of JT visiting a Genos (obviously not the one at the airport) lured me in I got a mushroom steak with provolone. I love all three of those things, especially put together.  Well let me tell you, the sandwich was cold, there was barely any cheese (and not melted), can't really go wrong with mushrooms but overall the sandwich really sucked. If it weren't for their hot sauce  (which I think was just tapatio put in their squeeze bottle) it would've been inedible. 
And I know Genos is like the it's it of Philly cheesesteaks but you can't cut all those corners and still have it be as good. Seriously take the time and at least heat up the food.I dont give one star reviews but they earned it. Super long time from register to pickup. Nobody has extra time when traveling. Moist soggy roll and tough chewy steak. I would be embarrassed to put someone onto a steak like this. Several things missing from this operation and to be an iconic brand and produce this kind of product is beyond understanding. Kind of want my money back, feeling ripped.I would give negative stars if I could. Chewy meat, rude service, raw onions, canned mushrooms.even the cheese was flavorless.Not a real Philly cheese steak. Nasty fat meat and the bread is dry. Not even close to Geno's in the city. Tourist trap. Go to Subway.So if you want a cheesesteak at PHL airport, this is your option. It's greasy and yet not overly tasty. The cheese fries also disappointed. They do have free hot peppers which is nice. Service was lackluster.
Even in the context of airport food, I don't think I can recommend this place. Next time it will be either Subway or ChickFilA which are both next door.Wish I had read the reviews. The worst philly cheese steak ever. The meat was like steakums the cheese never melted because the sandwich was like it was pre made. If the airport location is indicative of their chain they are in trouble. Never again.Have to say Geno's is a great place to get a cheesesteak in the Philly airport.  The friendly ladies behind the counter made sure I had my whiz, onions and hot peppers.  Some people go crazy for the mushrooms, but I am more of a traditionalist with my cheese whiz...Does not live up to the name of "philly cheesesteak." Mushrooms were soggy, tasteless, and probably canned. The "steak" was m ore like thin slices akin to what one would find at hot pot. The beef was tasteless and difficult to chew. One of the worst foods I have had the displeasure of tasting for $12, or twice the cost of a real, quality sandwich.Wow I would give zero if I could cooks moved super slow even when there was a huge line( not like every other one I been to that is super fast). They messed up a wiz wit 2 times!  And they al thought it was funny when the ordering numbers got messed up and they just laughed and stop cooking.  Also saw the cook scrape onions off a order that didn't want onions than serve it.  This was by far my worst cheesesteak experience out of any of the big three!What was I craving after a 5 1/2 hour flight? Naturally the answer should have been a Philly cheesesteak from Geno's. However, Geno's airport location was a total disappointment and somewhat of a disaster. I should have realized when there was no line their food would not be up to par with their other locations in addition to everyone around me complaining about having to wait what liked seemed FOREVER to receive their order. After waiting almost 15 minutes my Mushroom Cheesesteak with Fried Onions consisted of the following: cold roll which appeared to be taken out of the refrigerator, unmelted cheese, steak with little to no flavor, onions that came precut from a Ziplock Bag that were cold and never touched the meat on the grill and lastly COLD mushrooms that came out of a stainless steel container off to the side again never hitting the grill. In addition to receiving a sandwich which was a TOTAL DISAPPOINTMENT, the service was the slowest I have ever seen at an airport location. A sincere message to owner Geno Vento: If you want this new location to succeed YOU need to be present to get what could be a potential goldmine off the ground. Currently the food is better in a Philadelphia public high school cafeteria. Folks until changes are made, do yourself a favor and keep walking by this location!!!!! Needless to say, my rating of ONE STAR was overly generous.Skip it! I've had better cheesesteaks at subway. One word...chewy. Passing by I was already leery but decided to give it a try and wow...my jaw hurts from all of the chewing it took to get it down. Don't waste your time or money.Wanted to try Geno's for quite sometime.  Huge disappointment!  Stale bread, chewy meat, no taste and way over priced!   Read the other reviews and find somewhere else to eat - I wish I did...This is an embarrassment to the entire city. 30 minute wait and they still weren't done. I don't know that I've ever seen people move slower. The wait was bad enough but the steak got thrown out after one bite. Avoid this disaster at all costs.Wanted a chessesteak while I had a layoverin Philly. Definitely should had read the reviews of this place before I visited. Very bland chessesteak. Mine had very little cheese, no onions, and mushrooms were undercooked. After a few bits I did not want to eat anymore. Also I didn't like that they don't put the condiments on there for you, you have to do it yourself with the small prepackaged condiments.This is not what a cheesesteak should be in Philly... At the airport this was a waste of money.  Cold steak did not even melt the cheese.  Fries were crunchy and old... the owner should someone spot check... service was slow and food was worse.  Would not recommend..Ugh. Most disappointing steak ever. Not rocket science - steak, provolone (indistinguishable from any other pseudo slice) and fried onions. Absolutely lacking seasoning and no beef taste. For a second I thought  I caught a whiff of low quality beef but it was likely just the guy who passed me and probably farted. A good steak is amazing. Geno's at the airport will have newcomers to Philly laughing (or crying) when a local praises what can be a really good sandwich.This is NOT the place to get a Philly cheesesteak. TERRIBLY RUDE, very, very expensive. And the taste does NOT make up for it.  The meat was dry and unseasoned. There was zero seasoning and the fries were all clumped together. 
This place makes Great Steak and fry company in malls look like 5 star dining. 
Wait and get a cheesesteak elsewhere for sure!!!Never been to any of these before but this place was pretty darn good. Lol. Better than the Philly cheesesteak at Hard Rock Cafe. Haha. I really wanted to try this place in actual Philadelphia but didn't get a chance so the airport was the closest place. And I actually quite enjoyed it. A little plain but still yum!!!I just waited 20+ mins as the sloths behind the grill cooked one sandwich at a time.  In an effort to catch my flight (for which I should have had PLENTY of time), I left before my $18 order was ready.  What a God awful level of service.  If I could find a way to contact Genos and let them know about their maddening suck factor, I would.Geno's steaks at the philadelphia airport
Pros:
*Reliable place to have geno's cheesesteak here for quick transit and experience Philadelphia cheesesteak.
*Cheesesteak was yummy. I ordered WIZ WIT!
Cons:
*You will see impatient travelers here at the airport. I had a person cut me and other people in line because she had to catch a flight in 5 minutes.. and she just ordered. :( I was like I have been waiting for mine.
*Bad spot for geno's steaks at the airport with  travelers rushing to get their food. GO SOMEWHERE ELSE IF YOU IN RUSH CATCHING YOUR FLIGHT!!Awful on all counts. Guy taking orders was super slow and didn't acknowledge the many people waiting (while he was taking care of some errand) in any way. Order came out almost instantly but that is because it's mass-produced. Meat is not freshly grilled so is dry and stringy. Cheese is cold and not melted into the meat. Roll a bit stale and not toasted. Whole thing is lukewarm. This place is terrible and should be closed.Worst Philly steak I've eve had. The meat was dry, the bun was hard to bite, there was such a lack of flavor and salt, I had to smother the thing with ketchup. Ketchup has more flavor than this food. It was horrible. Would NOT recommend. The cashier, however, was very friendly and engaging. I liked her.Wishing I could give this place negative stars...Came here earlier today to try a philly cheese steak in Philadelphia before heading to my destination. I placed my order and when I received my sandwich, I noticed it had white cheese when I had thought I ordered yellow American. Apparently there is white American cheese which I was un aware of, I had brought it to the counter and asked if they could fix it. They said they couldn't because the sand which was already made... which is weird, but I politely said okay and they added wiz on top. Took the sandwich back to my seat and began to pull the white cheese off when I noticed a HAIR!!! Not one... but THREE black curly hairs!!! DISGUSTING! My boyfriend took the sandwich back to the counter and showed the hairs to the manager who then replied " Oh... so NOW there's a hair in it!?" So rude and unprofessional. My boyfriend was obviously irritated by the comment and told him to keep the sandwich because he wouldn't remake or refund it. We sat back at the table when the manager approached us aggressively asking us what we wanted "do you want a new sandwich, your money back, or what!?" My boyfriend said he was just irritated that he implied he was lying, to which he denied... then the manager responded saying he was annoyed we were blaming the employees because they wear hats..... OKAY, I'm sorry but the hats only cover the top of their heads.. a person's hair doesn't just shed from the top.. to top that.. he continued with "first she comes saying the sandwich was made wrong, then you come with a hair complaint, I think she just didn't like the sandwich!" I had every intention of enjoying that sandwich even though it was butchered. We ordered cheese fries as well which were actually very good, but my boyfriend could tell I was frustrated and flustered by the manager and told him he just wanted a refund. To which he replied "sorry we don't do refunds, I can only remake you a sandwich." Which he just said at the beginning of his rude approach he would. He asked us about our receipt, which I had brought to an employee when I thought I got the wrong order and he threw it away. The manager continued to bicker with us and then stormed away acting like he was going to find the receipt and never returned. Do NOT waste YOUR MONEY! The manager is a complete fool with a huge lack of customer service and quality. What a great way to remember my first philly cheese steak.If I could give a negative star rating, I would!!  This is what happens when you franchise out and get too big for your britches!  I am going to guess Geno has never eaten at this location because if he did, he would know his reputation is at stake.  This location preys on people who are new in town and think they are getting an authentic cheese steak based on the name but by far this the worst cheese steak in the state of Philadelphia.  The bread was like microwaved rubber, you could not bite or tear it with your hands.  The meat must have been defrosted three times.  After one bite it went back over to Geno's and the person at the counter just shrugged their shoulders and said "there is nothing I can do."  From there, the cheese steak went right into the trash.  Save your money and eat anywhere else but this place or if you have money to throw away, just send it to me.Cheesesteak was ok. A little pricey but that's expected at an airport. I won't go back on principle. The guy with the dark hair and goatee is a complete douche. Needs to look up the definition of customer service.What a waste of money, if Geno really cared he shut this location down until the people working here are retrained! Steak was overcooked, dry, and tough. Hoagie rool was not fresh, and the french fries tasted like the oil was recycled throce too often. The other Geno's are so much better than this location!This places has to be the worst place to get a Philly cheese steak in Philly. Steak was tough, cheese was cold, bread was stail, and it was really expensive. Pick something else. anything else. Don't make the same mistake I did.Zero stars. Employee was a TOTAL asshole. I threw my receipt out by accident and he proceeded to treat me like a child and wouldn't give me the food when it came up. I asked what the order was and he said he "didn't know he just grabbed it from the counter" (lying) so I said I ordered a cheesesteak and small fries... he began to mock me "of  course you did that's all we sell". So I asked if the girl at the register could give me another receipt (since it was 4 seconds ago) and he said no. I said well I wish I knew I should have kept the receipt - and he grabs a plastic sign and slams it on the counter and says "there's signs everywhere!" How do you expect me to get my food? What would you like me to do? You just told me you didn't know what the order in the bag was, but I ordered a cheesesteak with American cheese, onions, and sweet peppers and a small fry. And he pushes the bag over to me and walks away. Never again.Cold steak, tough bread, cheese not melted. Worst steak and cheese that I have ever purchased. Do not waste your time or money in this sandwichThe worst! Extremely rude Rude RUDE staff! I would NOT recommend this place. I had to select a star but it's really zero stars. Terrible experience.This is a lousy food option. Maybe just typical of airport food. Dry. Alot of bread. Cheese not melted. Meager portion of meat. $12.Stopped at the famous Geno's steak in the airport.... Nothing like the real Geno's downtown... Not only are they slow- with 4people cooking and 2 cashier.   I asked if the onions are cooked she yes....not! Guess I'll have  heart burn the rest of the day.   The ..I guess... The manager is stocking the condements I said good morning hows it going... He just looked up and ignored me... the staff looked like they where on downer drugs...The cheese steak was some kind of processed meat. Had no taste. Oh well just want stop here again. For sure.Super slow and as I waited took a close  look at the operation and saw that the production line was an unhappy and haphazard mess. Pulled up the yelp reviews and realized this is not a real Genos. Looks like the brand has been licensed. As flight departure approached and I was at least 20 minutes from food, and the reviews were invariably withering about the nasty steaks, walked away and saved myself the trouble. Has Geno franchised his name? I am trying  to get my head around that concept.....I haven't been to the mothership in a while, but this branch reminds me of it. The meat is very well done and not seasoned so you will want to add salt and pepper to taste before taking your cheesesteak to go... I had the classic cheesesteak with wiz and onions.1.) cold off the grill
2.) little to no meat
3.) cold raw onion
4.)fuck this place
5.) the cook has no place behind that grill pass him the broom. Don't fire him he seems like a nice guy.Good service. Pricey and over rated sandwiches. No bad for a quick bite on the go.
Check out other locations.I never understood the hype about Geno's in South Philly, but being in the airport in the morning, I saw they had some cheaper breakfast steak options that I couldn't pass up! You get a 6 inch with plenty of meat, free cherry peppers, condiments etc and toppings for 5-7 bucks depending on what you want on it. I got the 9th street special, with pork, beef, cheese, onions, and egg for 7. 
While you can get cheaper sandwiches at Subway, this one was so meaty and drenched in pork juice, but the presentation and the way the cheese pretty much fell off of the egg immediately wasn't ideal. The wait is also pretty long because they seem to cook the meat one person at a time. Fresh I guess? Could be more efficient. 
Not as bad as what other reviews are saying: Cheesesteaks are supposed to be messy! Needed to add salt and pepper but after that, I enjoyed it. Bread is a little to  soft for the juiciness they're adding. Plain steaks probably would be bland though, add salt and pepper to make it your own!The cheese steaks were very good. Warm well cooked and the soda was so freshhhh! The hot sauce was not the same one as the other location, it tasted like buffalo sauce not spicy at all. I love their hot sauce so this was a disappointment. 
Also the ketchup bottles are SO dirty it has to be some type of violation.
I'm giving it 2 Stars because the food should be as good as the originial which it was. But those ketchup bottles were vile.Terrible terrible terrible. Worse Philly cheesesteak sandwich I've ever had and the only ones I've ever had have been out side of Philly. I want my money back. 
The bread was like rubber... not enough cheese. WAAAAY too much pepper which made the whole sandwich cold and soggy.The steak meat itself was pretty good.  But the rest of the sandwich was extremely subpar. First off, the roll was stale and probably from the day before. Secondly, I got American cheese and they didn't even bother melting it into the steak while it was on the grill. Just two cold slices of cheese slapped on to a roll under the meat.  Joey Vento would be rolling over in his grave if he saw this garbage that was served at the airport location.The worst cheese steak ever. This gives Philly a bad name.  Nowhere near an original.  
Tasteless meat, bread is cold and just almost stale. Even the fries taste bad. 
The sandwich had one piece of meat vs a roll that overpowered the meat. 
Should have walked back to complain.Disgusting!!!!   Was so disappointed.Geno's owner should reconsider branding his name.  They are ruining the reputation.  These location at the airport is gross.  Meat was fatty had no flavor.  The meat was chopped up like a steak um.  Nothing like the south philly original location.  
Shame on you Geno's for allowing this to happen.
No one should eat here.  Even if ur were free.If you have to make a flight, don't order here. The taste was okay but I'm sure not the best Philly had to offer.Worst cheesesteak I've ever purchased. Nothing close to Geno's downtown. I don't know what they're doing or thinking. Please don't think this is representative of a Philly cheese steak.Let's see. Stale bread. Zero taste. Awful extras like mushrooms and onions. Slow service. All in all a terrible experience. Dear Management: get your act together. Awful awful. Do not go here.Got in at 9pm on a Sunday and figured, why not? Ugh. $12 later, the bread was stale, meat was meh. Now I've got a gut bomb. Should've gone to subway right nearby, or even the fast food Chinese.I was looking forward to having a Philly Cheesesteak. Wish I had checked the review on this place first. This was the worst cheesesteak that I have ever had, and my husband said the same. The only flavor was from the peppers that I paid extra for. It appears that they do not season the steak at all. They just cook it. Then they put uncooked cheese on a thick tasteless bun followed by the cheesesteak. The whole experience at the Philly airport was awful. Stay away from the whole place if you can!!!This was the worst steak sandwich I have ever tried in my life, it was all dry bread and the cheese was not even melted. I took one bite and complained to the lazy girls working their who basically turned their backs on me and I then proceeded to throw the whole sandwich.... I wouldn't have that to my dog... wish I had read the yelp reviews before I boughtI had a layover in Philly and this was the closest I could get to a Philly Cheesesteak. I thought it tasted good. The portion was large for the price. I had the cheesesteak with mushrooms and whiz sauce. For me it was good but I'm sure outside of the airport there are better places. I would recommend it when at the airport.I was in line that wrapped around. And over heard several customers complaining of the food and service. Walked over to Chickie's & Pete's. Food was better but service was also dismal. At least I didn't hear too much food complaints. I was the only Customer.I love cheesesteaks and was excited to see Genos in the Philadelphia airport at dinner time. To be honest, this is my first Geno's experience -- I have made a point of going to Pats when I visit Philly...
One star is generous for the truly awful sandwich I was served. It smelled of old grease and tasted nothing like the cheesy beefy goodness I was looking for. 
My advise is steer clear of this place. I don't know about other locations, but my suspicion is they are likely the same. Very bad!!!!Given that it had been over 3 years since we lived in Philly we decided before leaving we would have Geno's when we saw it at the airport. What a mistake.
$18 for cheese fries and one mushroom steak and cheese (whiz) philly cheesesteak. Overpriced. They don't have cups for water and were quite rude when we asked for that. 
Steak was full of gristle and bland. Bread was stale. 
Tourist trap to the extreme and this cemented that we do not miss Philly food. I had forgotten how much I dislike a philly cheesesteak and esp. one from Geno's.
If you find yourself stuck in the PHL airport on a Sunday so Chick fil A is not open, there are plenty of options that would be better than Geno's for food.This is for the airport location. 
Steak was cut thicker than you would usually find in a Philly and it was very tough. 
Bread was tasteless, tough, cheap bread. 
Apparently Geno doesn't know what he's doing. 
If you want a great Philly steak sandwich at airport. Try Chickie & Pete's near A22 or C concourse half way down on left.I probably should have checked the reviews on this place before I tried it. Whomp whomp whomp.   I was advised to try a Philly cheesesteak since I was stuck in philly on a layover.....this was a major disappointment. I had a phillysteak with American cheese as advised by the cashier. Every thing about it was lackluster. The bread was chewy, meat under seasoned. Just no all around. I'll have to make another trip to philly and venture into the city to get the real thing.Save your money. Absolutely gross. The bread is thick, dry, and bland. The meat has no seasoning, the cheese on my cheeseteak was cold and not even melted. Complete waste of money. This is not what a cheeseteak should be. Extremely disappointed that I wastes my money on this after I had a delicious cheesesteak at Sonny's over the weekend. You're better off going next door to the chick filat or grabbing something from the vending machine.Geno's pathetic 1.5-Star rating is not unfounded; I'd go as far as to say the employees at this PHL location go out of their way to continuously earn this well-deserved Yelp snub. From the robotic, monotone cashier to the carelessly thrown together cheesesteak, our meal here was one of the worst I've ever had at an airport (& I'm not an airport food hater by any means.) 
I ordered a cheesesteak with provolone and mushrooms. Each ingredient was worse than the next  -- extremely fatty beef, sad mushrooms, barely melted cheese, day-old bread. Really? Zero pride & love goes into making their product.
We should've gone anywhere but here. I'm sure this location of Geno's is a poor representation of Philly's most well-known food. Skip this place!!!Where's the beef?
Very very light on the meat... Ends up that a Cheese Whiz and fried onion roll can be pretty good.
So disappointed for $11. Huge rip.
Do not fall into this tourist trap.It is astounding that a place this bad can be in business. A regular cheesesteak, fries and a drink is $18, and it is REALLY bad. The bread is not even warmed and takes quite an effort to chew through. The meat is bland and chewy, and the provolone is not even slightly melted. Not just the worst cheesesteak I've ever had, but the worst sandwich I've ever had. Honestly, save your money and go next door to subway if you want a sandwich. I don't even like subway but it would've been infinitely better than Geno's.I came as a tourist to a tourist attraction. I'm sure there are better cheesesteak places in Philly. That said I liked it. I was here for work so we got in teams of two and compared this place with another nearby place. These fries were better, and the sandwich was okay. It's a cool area and you get a better feel for the real city even though this is a tourist place. If I came back to Philly I'd probably go somewhere else, but this is a cool place to come try out.Shockingly, this was my first experience with a philly cheesesteak sandwich "in philly". I ordered the original version and cheese fries. The good news is that it was clear from this experience that a yet-to-be-had quality philly cheesesteak will be an awesome experience. The bad news is that I found myself thinking I can't believe I'm eating this the entire time I was chewing. All that said, it's possible that I would order from here again if I was craving something greasy and salty, which is why I gave it 2 stars. If you eat here, just know in advanced that it will be flawed, and be prepared to feel really gross afterwards.I stopped by here twice on my way to and from Athens. Although the original Geno's Steaks location is way better than this location in the airport. Geno's Steaks is the best option at this airport. The service is quick and the food court was clean. If you're in a rush you can also ask them to pack it to go!Slow service ever.   Should be embarrassed.    They don't care. 4 people behind counter + 2 cashiers.   Couldn't understand cashier.   Asked for sweet tea; got unsweetened. Steak was tasty, but roll subpar.  They have a captive audience and know it. 
Will not go back.Not even close to a real Philly cheesesteak! I am from PA so I know the difference. Not a horrible sandwich by any means, but not the real deal, just tasty enough to put me in a food coma to sleep for the next 3000 miles.Didn't have time to get over to Tony Luke's in F, but was very pleasantly surprised by this. did the job, wasn't outstanding but the workers were actually pretty nice and the food was solid. no complaints and good for a shorter layoverHubby insisted on a cheesesteak from Geno's. I tried to tell him they were awful and way overpriced but he didn't listen.  You know it's bad when you have more bread than meat in a cheesesteak. It was dry, and he had to pull away some roll since his sandwich only had 2 pieces of meat. Yes two.  Sandwich and water was $14.00. Our local steak shop puts so much meat in the sandwich you can't close the bread. With a soda it's only $8.00. Hopefully next time he'll listen to me. I would give it zero stars but yelp won't let me.I have to be honest, I wanted to love the philly cheese from Geno's but it was just ok, I can't even say it was good! I had a philly steak and white cheese with mushroom and onions. It was my first and it was my last! After forty years of build up, it was a let down. Little to no flavor. I won't give up the hunt is on for a good one!I'm writing on the airport location...same cups and logo as pictured here.  Huge disappointment. I could have said 1 but I think they have hope. They don't cut their steak and cook w cheese in it. To my surprise, it was like 4 steak um slices and cheese (not melted) laid on top. The meet is tasteless....maybe ketchup will doctor it up though I usually don't use it. $12 for this sandwich....go anywhere else and you'll have better food and $5 left over.This place is terrible, price is outrageous and the sandwich is pretty much a cheese sandwich with a sliver of meat.Are you kidding me? THIS is supposed to be legendary?  It was decent but very ordinary. I've had better cheesesteaks in just about any local sub shop in Massachusetts.  The bread is blah and the steak is tasteless. Mushrooms were good.Worst cheesesteak sandwich EVER. The bread was chewy and the steak meat taste like something you took out of refrigerator and microwave it to eat warm.  The cheese did not even melt. Don't waste your time and money at this airport location.I read all the reviews about this place not giving enough meat or having steaks that were undercooked but decided to risk it anyway - I just landed in Philly and was *starving*. I've had Philly cheesesteaks before and the one here tasted very bland. It didn't have any of the flavor that a real cheesesteak offers. The meat was cooked and warm but at $10, I would venture elsewhere for a good Philly cheesesteak because you'll most likely be disappointed here.Don't waste your time. I Should have looked at reviews it's bland the meat is chewy bread is not good at all. Save your money travelers every where else makes them better. Ugh I'm looking at he the subway sandwich next to me and it looks better and that's not saying much.  I feel like I wasted good calories on bland food.If you want the iconic Philly Cheese steak, go else where.
Dry bread.
Very few onions. 
Cheese not melted.
Very little taste.My traditional cheesesteak sandwich with whiz was good, but not remarkable.  The bread loaf was huge.  The meat was flavorful, but on the dry side. I actually liked the texture of the whiz cheese.  The sandwich filled me up while I waited for a connecting flight.  Will definitely experience a proper Philly Cheesesteak not from the airport the next time I stop in Philly.Absolutely terrible. Stay away. The bread is hard and stale, steak is tough and cold, so cold that the cheese did not melt. A complete waste of money, don't even try. Owner should fix the quality issue.Geno's management and owners are awful and don't care about good customer service and they don't value their customers at all. I went to Genos for the first time during a Philly layover. I was super excited because this place is so well known. Louis was the management. He talked to me like dirt and then THREW my food at me... because as it turns out, they are as racist as they are reputed to be in the reviews. I immediately contacted Erin, the actual owner of Geno's. She couldn't have cared less. Didn't even bother to respond. These people are garbage, and racist, and they don't care. And the food was only mediocre. I contacted airport vendor management, and they "invited" this nasty Louis to a customer service workshop. "Invited". I wish I could post my picture of Louis so everyone can be warned. Do not waste your time or money. I was really excited to eat there, and left in absolute shock.(3.25) ~ pretty good overall food & service, but Jim's is still my favorite Philly Cheesesteak. 
MENU:
* Cheesesteak = (3.25) pretty good, but mine needed more steak.  Got mine with Whiz & Provolone and fried onions.  Added ketchup later.  Note: My initial order was made incorrectly, as they gave me mushrooms instead of fried onions, so you might want to double check before you walk away;)
* French Fries = (3) ok...wish they had the larger beach fries...