Had an amazing time here sat night. Great staff great food and great environment. Even with temp dropping the outside was very comfortable due to the heaters they have spread throughout . You have the option to go inside which is of course equally nice.Great place!  Popped over and sat outside for a great meal. Ribs, corn, fried green tomato sandwich were all awesome. Open until the weather gets too cold.Really cute spot! The garden is gorgeous. Music, food, ambiance all on point. We went on a Sunday and it was super chill. Could be a great date spot or just to catch up with friends. Fried green tomato sandwich was so good. Highly recommend this place!My first experience was great love the owner and the cook but the bartender tonight was semi rude slow and her personality suckedService was phenomenal and the food/drinks were great. The environment is second to none. I thoroughly enjoyed my time at the outside bar. So much so that I came back again for a second time in the same night. I highly recommend this place.My first and most immediate impression is that serious care has gone into contructing an aesthetic for this place. From muralesque hand lettered inspirational tropes on the walls, to the floral table arrangements and carefully crafted trays of colorful mix-ins for their 3-bottle champagne cocktail special, GG is the epitome of a pinterest-inspired brunch outing.
This place is trendy, almost to a fault. The cocktails are inspired and fun, and the food gives you a good balance of comfort food brunch fare, like chicken and waffles and french toast, prepared with a unique touch to make the menu feel more off the beaten path. The amount of attention given to the ambiance almost made the centerpiece of any food outing, the food, feel almost underwhelming when it arrived. There was nothing wrong with the execution, but something about the dishes felt austere in comparison to everything that came before it. 
This place is about the experience. The sprawling location boasts two patios which are outfitted with live DJs and the same polished and upscale party vibe of the interior. A group of a dozen women celebrating and cheering alongside the owner, crowded underneath the breezy floor-to-ceiling windows as they popped bottles of champagne made me wish I was here to spend the afternoon perched by the bar with all my coolest friends, instead of just popping in for a bite to eat.
If you want to have fun and get celebratory, start a girl's day out right, or you're just someone with a real appreciation for atmosphere and aesthetics, you'd do well to get yourself here for brunch. If all you're concerned about is a damn good plate of food, well, I might turn another corner or two.This place is awesome!! The drinks are delicious, and oooh the smell of that grill, how can you not order something?!?! Had such a great time here, I highly recommend the location ... get some of the grillmaster Azhar's good food too. He answered all of my questions and made sure that our order was perfect. It won't disappoint!!The stars are for the food and ambiance. Everyone loved their food and drinks and thought the outdoor area was setup nicely.
The communication here was piss poor! I rsvpd for my birthday. I should've gotten a name which was my fault but the confirmation was done in text and whoever was handling the reservation did not put my party down as they said they would. Then the bartender knew nothing about brunch being over at 4pm when the ENTIRE summer via Facebook it's posted as being over at 4pm. There was also supposed to be a wait staff at 4pm, which never happened either.Loved visiting this outdoor bar & garden for memorial day! They had a live DJ and were constantly grilling out on the patio. It smelled so good you wouldnt be able to resist ordering
They also have an indoor, more lounge-y area where the restrooms are but we stayed outside to enjoy the weather 
---chino hot dogs: comes with 2 dogs, very juicy
---grilled cheese steak sandwich: I liked the cheese but the steak was a thick slice which made it hard to eat
---drinks were okay
NOTE: its right next door to the pool club vesparWent here for the first time during quarantine...drinks and ambiance amazing. Food was okay, was expecting a little more than a hot dog bun with my lobster roll when i'm paying $$ for it. The chicken wings were huge though!!! I recommend coming for drinks, skip out on the food.Ambiance. Ambiance. Ambiance. This place has it in droves - it's the physical embodiment of bokeh in a bar. I'm stunned that it's not more packed than it is. Be here or be squeeare.Went here for my best friend's 21st birthday dinner! I felt so safe in their outdoor plastic pods, when we arrived all the side panels were rolled up to air out from the previous diners. They were then rolled down and a little warmer was turned on. It was perfect! The service was fast and friendly! The large C'est Si Bon drink with two "floaters" (shots in test tubes) was the perfect serving for the three of us! The food was delicious all around and came out very quickly. Overall, awesome place! Would love to come back another time post COVID.This steak is delicious. It is restaurant quality and cooked to perfection. I will be ordering this entree again and highly recommend it. I love Germantown Garden Grill. All of the entrees are top quality.Wish I could give this place 0 stars. Will be posting on yelp to make sure people avoid this place at ALL cost. We live in the Piazza across the street and decided to give this place a try, because the menu actually sounds delicious. We show up at 7:12 - there are two couples seated. The poor bartender, Rebecca (who was a sweetie!) was the ONLY person working at this establishment. Not kidding, hostess, bartender, bus boy and food runner. We waited an hour and a half for our food and were without drinks more times than not throughout the night. Whoever owns this place should be absolutely ashamed of themselves. Worst dining experience I've ever had and we go out to dinner in Philly at least twice a week. This place will close down soon. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE save your money, time, and energy and go elsewhere. Finally left at 9:10pm. Horrible experience.The best place in Philadelphia to celebrate a birthday! I think more than the food, the "experience" is what makes it worth it. We opted for the outdoor "igloo" seating which made celebrating a birthday so much more intimate. If you say it's a birthday they put a beautiful sparkler on the cake (see picture).
The food did take a bit of time to come but it's probably because they made accommodations for us as most of the party was vegetarian and they were out of the vegetarian lasagna when we went. They accommodated us with shrimp penne pasta with no shrimp.
For non-veg a spectacular deal is the $1 wings on Monday's - they only have Barbecue and Buffalo to choose from but still an amazing deal! The wings are big, I got 10 and was overwhelmed, so maybe start small and work your way up. 
Overall had a good experience here and would recommend for anyone who's looking to celebrate!We showed up here on a night there was a special event. There was a miscommunication between door staff, management and bartenders about if we could or could not be there. Eg was escorted in by a manager and told to hang out but then told by bartenders we couldn't be there. Eventually we asked to speak to the GM. Ryan came out to see us and really went above and beyond expectations. He comped our drinks, offered us a day at the pool club and then after that he called the special event coordinators and asked if it was ok that we stayed at the private event and they said that would be fine. It was a great night and we really respected how he handled the situation and making an uncomfortable/confusing start to the evening turn out excellent. Also the food and drinks are pretty awesome!My group and I was very excited to attend this restaurant, however it never lived up to the hype. Leaking ceiling in the main dining room(bucket on table to catch the water and the floor beneath it had a large puddle) and the bathroom was filthy and resembled something similar to a truck stop bathroom. While our waitress was wonderful, we had to wait ten minutes to be seated, as the first hostess kept telling us another hostess would seat us. That imaginary hostess surprisingly never came and the surly original hostess begrudgingly seated us. Our group asked for  our steaks to be done medium and all three steaks our table ordered were well done and coated in a weird seasoning to disguise that fact. My Cajun pasta (as pictured), tasted like cheap tomato soup and the noodles were mushy.  The entree prices were VERY over priced for the quality of food we received. The one saving grace was the Hannibal Lecter cocktail which was actually pretty delicious. We pounded pitchers of that to wash away the incredibly disastrous and disappointing meal. One of the worst meals We have collectively had. This place should be your last choice if it's a choice at all. Unless you want to waste yourself money and leave hungry, angry and scammed.There's no doubt that Germantown Garden is an Instagram-worthy spot to grab drinks for Happy Hour. I want to preface my review by saying the three star rating is based on the flavor of the food and not the service or appearance of the establishment. 
A friend and I had a reservation for 7:30. When we arrived, there were no customers dining outside and one person inside sitting on the sofa. We basically had the whole place to ourselves. All the employees I came in contact with were wearing masks and the inside of the restaurant was immaculate. I was impressed with the COVID protocols and the cleanliness of everything. 
Our waiter came over and let us know that we could look at the various menus electronically by scanning the QR codes available on the table. Service was great; I have nothing negative to report about the service and wait time. 
We stopped in on a Tuesday and the special of the day was $10 mussels with a choice of red or white sauce. My friend ordered the mussels. They came with a few pieces of garlic bread. 
For my meal, I got the Hunnies Crispy Tofu Sandwich. This is where GG didn't win me over. Do I think this sandwich had more potential? Yes. I wanted so badly for it to be a favorite, but it was kind of dull. I was expecting more flavor. It had a creamy chipotle sauce smeared on the bread and a weird cole slaw mixture. It just didn't do it for me. The Chino's fries were crispy and delicious. 
I'm happy to say I can check Germantown Garden off my bucket list, but if I return, it'll only be for drinks. The food definitely needs some improvement.We didn't stay very long....Our Hostess who sat us had the worst attitude. Literally felt like we were bothering her just to get seated. And we had reservations! The woman needs to get customer service training. Anyways, we finally sat and when the serving dishes came, they were dirty! Yikes! We had to leave. As we were leaving noticed the lack of cleanliness on surfaces and doors.Really liked this place the first two times I came. Food, drinks and ambience were awesome. However, the third time we came on a Saturday night around 8pm. The place was half empty. The hostess said they were booked and couldn't fit us in. I pointed out that clearly the place is empty. I've been around the night life long enough to know what they're trying to accomplish in terms of being "exclusive". Despite her saying she couldn't accommodate us, we sat ourselves at the bar when a couple got up. We were there for two hours. The place was still empty when we left.Nice ambiance. Ordered finger food which was reasonably priced. Food was so so, not super tasty...but also not bad. I really enjoyed the cauliflower bites and the cotton candy cake with the light inside (awesome idea). The staff was really friendly and accommodating. Overall, I'd recommend this venue.Went with my friend for outdoor dining since their space is so nice. We got overpriced food *little lobster roll and greasy fries* and the drinks were horrible. Ive been there PRE COVID and the food was good and the drinks were good. Dont know what happened this last time. Id literally just go there for the atmosphere at this point.Figured me and my old lady would hit Germantown Garden because social media said so. I believe I had to put in a reservation a week in a half in advance for the poolside tents. Lemme tell you about these tents, they're plastic pieces taped together to make a lil hut house. BUT you got a couple impromptu holes in it so you won't completely get baked by the small tire fire on the table (okay I'm being a bit dramatic) but that thing was hot. The lil heat fire thingy was controllable yes but the range was from hot hell to a vacation on sun. Also, the pool looks crustyyyyy. It's a bit of an eye sore for the ambience they're trying to portray. Okay I'll leave it alone now. 
The entrée options didn't wow me especially for the price so I got a burger, which wasn't horrible. 
What did I like you may ask? The drinks were legit and I can't be mad at that.What a disappointment this evening turned out to be due to the total lack of good customer service. As a past and frequent patron of this restaurant I have been very satisfied with the level of customer service but this evening was a bust . Myself  and four guests despite having made reservations with restaurant were turned away and received the total opposite in good customer service from the hostess and staff . I like to frequent local establishments with my business but due to the rude and very dismissive behavior we received this evening we will not be returning .The food was DELICIOUS !! The service was very quick and we were I side an igloo with a little fire keeping us warm next to the pool. It was a beautiful place and nice people. The food is pricey but it's worth the experience, they have really good drinks as well. Beautiful for a fancy date !I love this place. I had Sydney as my server and she was absolutely amazing. She took out requests as asked and fulfilled them with a positive attitude. She was busy and made sure to take care of us along with her other tables  in a timely manner. I will definitely come back and ask for her again.Had reservations and still had to wait OVER an hour for my table. Horrible food and had to remind my server MULTIPLE times that my food/drinks never came out. Don't go here. Thank me later!This place was amazing. I had been meaning to check it out for a while ever since I kept driving by and seeing their cool garden from the outside. Finally came today for brunch and it was a great decision.
The garden is gorgeous and lots of seating, including couches and a big Central bar outside. 
The cocktail pitchers are a good deal and delicious. We had the gin one and we shared it amongst 3 people. I also had the brunch burger and it was a great burger with some of the best fries I ever had. Everyone in the group devoured their plates. 
The service though was really awesome. Everyone was very sweet and attentive with our table. It was a great experience overall.Had a great time here for a birthday celebration!! The food was great and so were the drink deals. Rebecca was our server and she was amazing!!What a special place, so nice and quaint. Good music, food and cocktails. Burger is fire as is the Fried Green Tomato Sandwich. Place is a jewel to the area.You see, my s.o and I reallllllly enjoy the aesthetics and ambiance of this place. Even if you are seated on the outside of the establishment it still gives you a vibe to rock out with (I love ppl watching). However, we decided to drop in on a Saturday night around 8pm. The place was pretty empty but the pool area had just let out. The hostess proceeded to tell us they were booked for the rest of the night. My s.o pointed out clearly how empty the space was. I've worked in the service industry and I've been in the night life long enough to know what they're trying to achieve in terms of being "exclusive". Despite the hostess saying she couldn't accommodate us, I took it upon myself to find a space at the bar for us. We were there for two hours, racked up a $250 bill and there were about 10 open tables by the time we left...empty. Also, DO NOT GET THE SEAFOOD TOWER!!!Horrible service; food took 45 minutes just for 2 of 3 of the meals we ordered. The other meal didn't come out until 30 minute later, and the reason we were waiting was for the Mac and cheese (& that came out watery & gritty/ soupy: like they used flour to thicken the Mac up). I wasn't impressed at all; they suck you in with the scenery but the food is absolutely disgusting. I don't recommend anyone eat here; it's a total waste of time. Wish I could give it a half start rating.Made  reservation for my birthday... food was delicious.. server was great! always there if we needed anything... Wonderfuk dessert with Birthday Sparkler... Very Happy! Will be back!The food and atmosphere were both amazing! Perfect place to come if you care about esthetic and good food. There was also a really amazing live band! All around great place to eat, drink and have a good time.My daughter suggested this placed based on reviews from TikTok.  We had a WONDERFUL dinner experience here.  All of the poolside pods were full, but our table with the gas fire centerpiece was just fine.  There were many interesting items on the menu, so we didn't feel like our choices were limited.
We chose the Buffalo Cauliflower as a starter and let me tell you, if I had a blindfold on as I ate it, I would swear I was eating boneless chicken wings!  Our entrees were delicious as well...I ate a bit more than I planned to because it was so good.
After the entree, we considered ordering dessert. We saw a few of the rainbow cakes going by our table which looked very festive.  It was a humongous slice of rainbow cake with a cotton candy topper and a candle that looked like it could be a firecracker.  We decided on the Oreo cheesecake which, while not as festive as the rainbow candy firecracker cake, was creamy and perfectly sweet.
Oli was our server.  We loved Oli!  Oli had such a delightful and upbeat vibe and definitely contributed to the lighthearted and fun dinner experience.  Oli made recommendations, anticipated our needs, and was just overall AWESOME!  
We are people watchers so if you too like to watch people (in a non creepy way), you will enjoy this place.  We had a table between the poolside pods and the entrance so we were able to see everyone coming and going.  We saw a bit of EVERYTHING walking through that door.  Prom attire, ready for the club, girls night out, first date - everybody was there.  From sparkling blinging gowns (with matching shoes and mask of course) to the jumpsuit with sneakers- all of it could be seen here; a people watcher's paradise.
The prices were great!  I was surprised at the bill when I received it because I have been many other places where the ambience not nearly as delightful, food not as delectable, and service not as spectacular that charged a lot more.
If you are in Philadelphia, I would recommend checking this place out for an interesting experience.Staff was friendly and very helpful
I wasn't a fan of my drinks because it was tart but it was strong
Menu was limited due to COVID restrictions n what-not.  Didn't order any food since there wasn't anything I actually wanted. 
Nice atmosphere to just chill and catch up with friends.Wanted to like this place, but they wouldn't accommodate a table change request even though the restaurant had plenty of open tables. The problem was our table was literally as soon as you entered the restaurant right by the door. With COVID, no table should be that close to a heavily walked through area. And if you seat someone there and they request a change, it should be understood and accommodated if there is other seating. Won't be returning.Cute little spot to chill,have a drink and food. I went on Motown Monday's so of course the music was older so not sure if the playlist regularly. The vibe was chill. Good scenery for photos and social media. The menu in the restaurant was different from the menu that day. The bar service was kinda on the slow side being as though it was only 1 bartender. The food came out pretty quick. The drinks definitely could of been better tho.I would probably return again.We found this place while walking our dog to second street dog park. It was a good day in the middle of winter to walk around with a high of 60F. The garden entrance was captivating with a sign that said dogs are welcome. This was perfect since we had our pup along with us. 
We entered to find that there was live music that weekend. Apparently it happens on all the weekends. We asked the host if they would allow us to sit inside with our pup and she said Yes. This was so cool. As we were seated the music finished.  So we never got to enjoy the live music. They switch to lounge music. The ambiance was very loungy with sofas and comfortable seating everywhere. We ordered a pitcher and requested less ice. Instead we got a pitcher of ice but just less alcohol. A bit disappointed. However the cocktail pitcher was unique and tasted well especially since it had dragon fruit inside and blended well with Gin.
We moved outside where there was a transparent tent with couple of chairs. They got a towel for our dog to sit. We finished our pitcher which filled 3 glasses in total instead of 4. They got a dog water bowl for our pup. So our pup felt treated well. They garden backyard was spacious, lot more seating and completely empty that day. Our pup had a good time. We were there for over 30mins but no one came to check on us or ask if we needed anything. We wanted to try the food but since the drinks were done we went inside and cleared our check.
So, the rating is 3.5 stars but I'm round to 4 just to support a local neighborhood bar. Also, because people inside were very polite and took great care of our dog.This place is clearly racist, I made reservations for Germantown garden which is pictured to be a beautiful place. Instead I got seated at a disgusting pool bar Vespers day club which is next door. When I walked up the server Maria asked me if I had reservations, yes I did. And instead of seating me at the garden that I seen two white couples walk out of.. she sat me in the back where they were clearly still under going construction. When I asked why I was seated in a disgusting pool bar that was clearly under renovations.. she told me it was because I didn't make reservations for Germantown grill. She a A DAMN LIE, it's because I'm black. PLS DO NIY SUPPORT THIS PLACE.. to add insult on injury they served us everything on plastic like peasants.The food was average. Service was poor. The outdoor seating gets booked up really quickly and the indoor seating is more like a sports bar. Big Tv, loud. For the pricing, I would expect quality service.I enjoyed my time here. My party was seated in the outdoor space at a high table near an outdoor heater which was nice since it was too windy of a night. The jumbo wings for the appetizer  are definitely on the larger side and well cooked. The macaroni was lacking in flavor and seasoning. But the service was nice, pleasant and fast. From the time of being seated, getting drinks and getting food, the night went by smoothly.We came here for late lunch. The crackling calamari was the best. Not pictured but it was so crispy and good. The buffalo cauliflower was pretty good! Spicier than expected from buffalo but still not bad. The crab cake sandwich was decent. It was edible. The fries were better than the sandwich.Definitely underwhelming. Slow service. Food was very meh. Two stars are for the location and ambience.Went there for lunch. The drinks were good. However, I got the tomato sandwich and would not recommend that. It was dry and flavorless. If you're vegetarian, skip out of eating here.Food was great, service was, not so much. We had reservations and called to move them up. We were seated in the bar area and told the first igloo available would go to us.... two igloos remained open then entire time we were seated. We asked about the next seating (7pm) and were told again we needed to wait just to find out, we were the 7pm we were waiting to show. Meanwhile, the other 3 tables that were all sat after us, ordered and received their food first and we had to remind our waitress, we were waiting.... Thanks!This bar was super fun ! This shot tower was awesome . Good shots that tasted great ! Staff was friendly and we had an overall very good experience !!New to Philly and came here with a friend. From the beginning received nothing but great customer service and the vibe of the place was just awesome. Followed all covid guidelines for social distancing and the food and drinks were great!Experience was cool with the blow up igloos to dine in. Was kind of funny being there because it's at Vesper which is a pool club in the summer and typically when I'm there I'm swimming and partying. Our first igloo didn't have the heat on so we had to be moved to another one which was much warmer. Our server was super sweet - I wish I remembered her name but she was very knowledgeable on the menu. On the table there is a button to click when you need your server which is convenient. Our server told us not to feel bad pressing it if we needed her - it was very cold out when we went and she was all bundled up so I'd never expect her to be sitting outside waiting for us to need her. Food was OK, drinks were festive. I ordered the "Not Santas Cocoa." 3/4 of us ordered a pasta shrimp dish that we were expected to be a white sauce - but was red and verrrryyyy spicy. Looking back on their menu I don't see it. My other friend ordered either a lobster roll or crab cake (I can't remember) and she said it was good but later that night her stomach hurt. Desserts were good too. To pay we just scanned the receipt and entered CC info - but not able to split it which is totally fine as my friends just venmo'd me the price they owed. Was $56 a person with tip so not too bad for drinks, a meal + desserts!  
All in all it was a fun experience, great customer service but food was just OK.Went here for my husband's birthday and while the entrance was a little confusing, the outdoor area did not disappoint. The cocktails were fantastic, the food was yummy and accessible, but the best part was the rainbow cake with the super fun sparkler moment! A lovely place for a party. Would for sure go back!This place is over priced & over hyped. I tried this place twice and had 2 bad experiences. The food portions are small. The ambiance isn't that great. On the garden side the fake floral walls were dusty with lights strung but none were lit. Also I found it confusing booking a reservation on the poolside. You have to go to a different website you can't book through open table and expect to sit poolside it's 2 different sites to make reservations on. Parking is almost non existent. My table was wobbly causing my drink to spill. I missed my 1st reservation Friday night b/c of waiting 25mins in line with a reservation. Tried calling while I was in line b/c I didn't want to miss the reservation.Phone kept going to voicemail. I also tried to get the host attention but she kept ignoring me asking me to wait my turn& give her a minute. Oh and there is no sign on the outside of building just a big guy out front asking people that are walking by if they are looking for Germantown Gardens. I was very disappointed and dissatisfied with my time and money spent at this establish. I will recommend no one go here it's a waste of time.It was my first time going and I didn't have extremely high expectations due to some reviews I had read but I wanted to go because of the current collaboration with Hop Sing. I will start with that, the pitcher from the Hop Sing collaboration was fantastic, 10/10. The food was the low point. We got the buffalo chicken sandwiches, and I paid a two dollar upcharge to have them come with "seafood boil spice" and cheese sauce. The server described them akin to Chickies and Pete's so I went for it. The buffalo chicken sandwiches were just chicken tenders in buffalo sauce on a bun & the small portion of fries barely had any seasoning and the cheese sauce was cheese wiz. I definitely wouldn't go back for the food but I would for the drinks. The atmosphere is nice, it's a cute little oasis, but the food game needs to be stepped up.If there was a rating below a 1 I would give it. We had a reservation for my friends birthday the host was on his phone and had to be tapped by another worker to speak to me. When he took me to the garden that only had 4 tables with people the host said "she'll be your waitress and get to you when she's done over there." So I ask should I just stand here? He said, "you can sit at the bar." There were at least 8 tables that the "host" could have sat me at. 15 mins later I'm still sitting at the unmanned bar where the waitress walked past me at least 5 times. I had to get the attention of another waitress who was very defensive "I didn't see you" THAT was a great greeting don't you think!?! She finally sat me after talking to the lady that should have been my waitress who said "you can have HER if that's easier for you" sat for 10 more mins and I was able to score two cups of water! I wish I could tell you about the food but at this point we got up and left. But not before speaking to the manager. Here's the thing about executing on an idea.... you have to make sure you have the right people in the right place supporting you dream. While the place looks nice the service made me X this place off of my list of go to's in Philly!Dining out during the age of corona is incredibly challenging but luckily the spot accommodated incredibly well. The wedding stuff all had masks and were very sanitary in there handling and handing off of the varying orders. We sat outdoors of course at 50% capacity, and the ambience was very tropical and calm. We ordered a pitcher for the table and it was tasty yet strong! One of the most well done drinks I've had in a long time. Everything was timely, and everyone was friendly. I recommend the spot for anyone looking for a nice place to brunch.I had a bizarre experience and will not be returning.
When we walked in, there seemed to be about 20 people waiting in a small room for their reservation, some maskless. People were walking from one side of the restaurant to the other without masks. No one was enforcing masks. We were in this situation for about 15 minutes, and it was extremely uncomfortable.
We were finally seen 15 minutes after our reservation and were asked if we wanted to sit on the deck, but it's in the dark. The hostess literally said "you can sit in the dark and vibe". I'm sorry, what?
We ended up sitting in one the igloos, which were cute. However, the service was awful. Our reservation was at 8:30 and we did not see a single server until 9:15. 
We got a pitcher which was way too sweet and the food was mediocre. The vibe was "clubby" which made me feel uncomfortable due to covid, and didn't help that the patrons were not all wearing masks when getting up.
Giving this 2 stars bc the waitress was very nice and funny but I would not recommend coming here, especially during covid times. The management needs to seriously make some changes here.This might have been one of the worst experiences I've ever had. It first started when our food came out before our drinks even hit the table. Not only did we ask for two sides of ranch that were never delivered, but our server seemed to completely disappear and never come to check on us, which was really annoying considering the drinks we ordered were gross and we were interested in ordering different ones. After waiting for what seemed like over 25 minutes, we finally were able to express our complaints to a manager. He was pretty nice about everything, offered to take the drinks off our tab that we didn't like, and even gave us a 15% discount. Safe to say I will never spend my money here again.I made a reservation in advance and I was running late because ubers weren't available and I had to walk. So I called an hour before my reservation and I was on hold for 15 mins. No one answered so I hung up and called back and was on hold for another 15. I hung up again bc I was on the phone with no answer for 30 mins. I got to German town gardens and told the host what happened and the two ladies were rude and didn't even listen to what I was saying. They just said "no sorry we gave your table away because you are late" I asked if we could go on a wait and they said " we're not sure just go check online" and proceeded to greet the people behind us and ignore us. There was no communication and no one answered our call which is very unprofessional. We left because of how unaccommodating the hosts were.This place is great! 
Came here for a bridal brunch. 
The service was great. 
The food was delicious! 
Great place for photos. 
Indoor and outdoor seating depending on which side of the restaurant you want to be on. 
Parking is tricky, but it's Philly and that's true all over. As long as there's no sign saying you can't park there, I say do.Love the outdoor vibe - dog friendly. Meat lovers try the ribs and veggies try the fried green tomato sandwichGreat service, Rebecca was an excellent bartender! Awesome time any Monday and Weekend! Amazing food and happy hour deals!During COVID* Hear me out, the food was excellent but the service was sub par due to the few servers they had working during Sunday brunch hour - odd. We had a reservation but arrived to the host about 5 minutes late because we were waiting in line for others checking in. (We arrived at the door 5 minutes early) After waiting a total of 10 minutes to check in, this caused our reservation to get automatically cancelled. They did however seat us, but in a spot that was obviously where they were putting overflow guests on the upper deck overlooking the pool - terribly windy it shouldn't have been open on the given day. They were seating Germantown Garden guests in Vesper Day Club due to the COVID capacity rules. At this point we were ready to leave but stuck it out. Our waiter was as accommodating as he could have been, but we waited quite a bit for drinks and food. I wouldn't put this review on any of the staffers, but rather management due to seating people in a poor spot and not have an adequate amount of waiters and waitresses working for Sunday Brunch.I originally made reservations at the Germantown Garden today for me and a close friend that was from out of town. My experience here was one I did not expect. For starters we were seated at a table that was leaning and staring at a wooden wall which we did not like . We asked if we could be seated somewhere else due to the table not being stable. We asked to also speak with a Manager twice but to no avail we kept being told the same thing by our waiter that every table was booked and only available for a 4 top. Meanwhile there were 3 different tables around us that was for 4 patrons but only 2 ppl were seated there. Our waiter name Alex stook about 30mins to take our order. Menu was not fully explained and we were also unaware of what time the brunch menu was over. Finally our waiter came to take our order rushing but she quickly stop taking our order to go and take a couples order that was seated for literally 5mins next to our table. Our waitress was more attentive to the couple that was seated after us than she was to me and my out of town guest. As we waited for our dinner to come out we noticed the couple sitting next to us appetizers and dinner come out before ours. Mind you we had been here at least 45mins before them. I will not be returning due to this experience. Hopefully moving forward Germantown Garden will be able to take this review and see what needs to be fixed so that this will not happen again to anyone.This is my absolute favorite spot for anything - a night out, brunch, or even just happy hour! The staff is amazing and so friendly and accommodating. The food is delicious and the drinks always hit the spot! It's such a great atmosphere for a night out with your friends.
If you have a chance, request  Joe as your server!! His service is top notch and he always makes sure we have a good time. He'll make you're experience unforgettable!! 
My friends and I love GG and will continue coming back for all of our nights out and celebrations!I was super excited to go to this restaurant because of the beautiful garden vibes. We decided to check it out tonight and I was quite disappointed. I expected the food to be very good because of the high price point but it was average at best. We started off with fried calamari and we received 70% tentacles. For entrees we got the NY Strip w/ garlic mash and grilled asparagus and Baltimore style crab cakes with the same sides. I am not one to ever add excess salt but both dishes was in desperate need of salt in the mash and on the steak. We washed everything down with a pitcher of Hannibal lecter which is tequila with lime juice and muddles berries... it literally tasted like fruit w/ seltzer water. We couldn't even taste the alcohol. The food is not at all worth the price.Overall the food was good and everyone left full and happy with their meals. That being said, service was poor, inattentive and very very slow. I'm sure this spot is cool for a summer pool vibe, but not sure I'd return for dinner.My first time visiting the place. It has a nice outdoor seating area and we had reservations so we were seated right away. Besides having to wait slightly longer than normal for service everything was great. I was stuffed when I left! I had the crab cake sandwich with fries and some of the lobster Mac and cheese (could've used more seasoning) the pitcher of the c'est si bon cocktail was refreshing and delicious. Overall good experience I would definitely go back.Found a hair in my food, enough said. They have a cool environment inside and out but when you have a black coarse hair imbedded in your chicken crisper, it's a little off putting. Sad to write this review, I really wanted to like this place.Went here for my birthday and loved it so much I came back within the next few days! within my two visits, I was able to taste their buffalo wings, crab cake sandwich, buttermilk chicken sandwich and hamburger sliders. The food was delicious although some items seemed a little over priced. My sister ordered a shrimp pasta and was not a fan of it. The drinks were just ok. They seemed to be watered down. Overall, we sat poolside in the igloo and what I loved most was the ambiance. Would go back for sure!This place is a really cute hidden gem in northern libs or new Kensington... not geographically sure which neighborhood this place falls in. The food atmosphere is so hip and chill, the food is amazing, and the staff is pretty accommodating. The first time I came I had a steak, and the steak was a perfectly cooked medium rare steak, I visited again yesterday with my entire company and ordered a whole lobster which was cooked to perfection. 
I really appreciated them taking such a huge reservation at the last minute. I called yesterday at 4:50 for a reservation for 26 people at 5:30 and they accommodated us without a problem. 
If you haven't already, you should absolutely make reservations!The igloos are cool but if it's torn it kinda defeats the purpose of keeping the cold air out. The staff was really nice about moving us to a better space. The food was just OK. I guess you're paying for the ambiance‍This place was so cute! We came in the evening for drinks, so I can't speak to the brunch but the owner was so sweet! He was very welcoming and personally introduced himself to our party. I love the ambiance and decor in this place - great for a relaxed night out, and the drinks were great. I can't wait to come back and try the food.went here last Friday for a birthday celebration and had a blast. Their specialty pitchers are delicious - our server Rebecca recommended us to do a pitcher crawl which we did and every single one was amazing!!! The food is also amazing -- get the fried chicken sandwich & fried green tomato sandwich!!!  also PS: felt completely safe - all servers wore masks & tables were appropriately spaced!!Let me start by saying the ambience is beautiful! The experience of dinning inside of an igloo is just that, an experience. Our waiter Ryan was amazing and upbeat. He has a heart to serve and we really enjoyed our time with him. 
Food: So the food was not good. We ordered a plethora of items from the menu. The best appetizer was the muscles but they could use some more love as well. The sauce that comes with the calamari was too spicy. And that same sauce was used for the Buffalo wings and the cauliflower wings. The drinks were just okay. We had the pitchers, but they are nothing to write home about. 
If I would get anything it would be the crab cake sandwich. Finally, the  chocolate cake was dry. Would not recommend. 
Overall the place is great for a photo opt but other than that, we probably won't be back. I hope this helps someone and they improve their overall dining experience.Very disappointed in my experience at GG. I booked reservations here for an anniversary dinner based off the menu and Instagram account making it look like a nice place. We arrived to find out there was no AC and it was actually 95 degrees that day, felt like 100 in the restaurant. We were sat right next to the giant screen with music blasting so loud we couldn't hear each other speak. Trying to give it a chance we ordered wine, to find it served in plastic cups. After 10 minutes we both knew there was no way we could eat in that kind of heat. Overall the vibe of the restaurant is very confusing, based off of their Instagram and menu they serve what looks like nice meals, but were playing the 6 o'clock news on a 50 ft screen while the Pussy Cat dolls were playing in the back ground. After laughing at how ridiculous of a place this was and being drenched in sweat, we left and went somewhere else for dinner. Would not recommend this place for a special meal or date and absolutely wouldn't recommend if it is remotely hot outside.Honestly, I expected a better dinner and service for this price. I was put in a broken igloo that had duct tape around it. When I asked to move because it was cold due to the holes.. They said they would check and never came back to let me know. Also the waitress came to check on me every 20-25 mins. I was pissed!! The food's mid like i can get better entrees for cheaper price. However, there drinks were good and thats all I recommend here thats why they got 2 stars!The food was OK. I ordered the fish sandwich and it was literally a fried fish filet with mayo and a side of fries. I honestly expected for the price.What a wonderful neighborhood spot! The food and staff are lovely. We really like the outdoor area.Yeah just don't go, not worth the hype around it, it's cute for pics but the food isn't that great & you're not guaranteed an igloo, couldn't even get a little fire place for my bfs birthday & I had a reservation but I have to say the server was super nice & friendly.The food here was real basic. It has a cafeteria food vibe. The only thing that was good the water. Definitely would not come back.The ambience of this place was so cute. We started off with the fried calamari which was a small plate but we made it work. We got 2 pitchers, the crispy chicken sandwich, GG burger, tomato and grilled cheese and a side of the garlic mashed potatoes. Everything was really good. However, the mashed potatoes were absolutely disgusting which is why I'm deducting a star. The service was great!