Gia Pronto still has my favorite coffee in the entire city of Philadelphia. If I want a special treat in the morning, this is where I go. 
The build-your-own salads are a bit expensive but you're paying for quality, organic ingredients. I find that completely worthwhile. I really enjoy the mango and the marinated tofu as my go-to toppings. 
Their Hale & Hearty soups are perfection on a chilly day. My favorites are the 10 Vegetable and the Tuscan White Bean, both of which are 100% vegan. All soups are labeled according to vegan and gluten-free status.
I would love to nosh on one of their fresh paninis, hot off the press, but alas, they offer no vegan options.The sandwich I ordered was good, but for the $8 price there was hardly any proscuitto or other Italian meats in the panini - it was a bit overpriced.Went today specifically to get a salad because I have been craving a GOOD salad.  Based on the majority of the yelp reviews, I thought I was sure to get a really good salad.  What a DISAPPOINTMENT! First, this is not a new concept, as they try to lead you to believe. Saladworks two doors down has been building salads like this for a long time and has many of the same fixings, and in my experience is better. So you write down on a piece of paper what you want in your salad versus telling the person making it--big deal! Anyway, I had romaine lettuce, with grilled, square chicken cubes, carrots, onions, tomato's, pasta, boiled egg, romano cheese and caesar dressing and a chicken vegetable w/pasta soup. All of it, including the soup had NO taste. If I closed my eyes, I wouldn't have been able to tell you what I was eating. I will NOT be back and do not recommend their salads.Opened by a Penn grad and, being the Penn homer that I am, I have to plug this joint.  I went here fairly often for lunch, although the average lunch runs about $10-12, so I didn't do it much as a student or even as a Penn (underpaid) employee.  
The sandwiches can be amazing or they can be grilled hot on the outside and still cool in the middle.  The soups are often amazing.  The salads are probably their most popular item but I didn't love them.
They have high end sodas, waters, and juices.  They have Thai Seasoned Kettle Chips (mmm).  
Oh and the staff is generally very friendly.
Recommended.I just don't see the value in this place, maybe I always go at a bad time.  The coffee is bad, service is bad.  Espresso tastes burnt and I always find grounds in my drinks.  I always think it'll be better the next time I go, and I'm consistently disappointed.
Ridiculously overpriced for what you get.  And now that there's Hub Bub across the street, I don't feel the need to give this place another try.  The coffee there is far superior and service much friendlier.Best coffee in the entire city of Philadelphia, hands down. I actually haven't had better coffee in any other city, either. Try the house blend. I occasionally get a delectable almond croissant with my coffee. The pastries are from Metropolitan bakery for the most part and are always fresh.
The panini sandwiches are quite wonderful. My personal favorite is the turkey sandwich on ciabatta bread with freshly made roasted red peppers (not from a jar) and apricot mayo. 
Their salads are very nice. They are a bit pricey but worthwhile for all organic ingredients. Try the marinated tofu and ask for the seeded roll.
The place also runs like a well oiled machine - the staff are very pleasant and usually pretty fast. This is thanks to Marco who is a very hands-on owner.this place is great for a quick and healthy lunch or a caffeine pick me up at any time during their business hours. gia pronto has a simple menu of sandwiches, salads, and soups with a full espresso bar in the same space. though i can't have the sandwiches, i have enjoyed their soups and salads. the soups are listed on a placard behind the counter; they even delineate which soups are gluten-free so there's no guessing at what you might consume. the salads are made to order; you just pick up the type of lettuce you want from a selection of greens near the counter and then check off what type of ingredients you want "chopped" into your salad. the salads can get pretty pricey depending on how many items you select so be wary of mindless selection.
i've had both hot and cold espresso based drinks and have enjoyed them. they're not hugely different than any chain coffee store (e.g., starbucks) in taste but they advertise that they use fair trade products. i really like their iced coffee because it's infused with espresso for a deep, nutty flavor.
this place gets busy because of it's proximity to penn but the line of customers move quickly. seating is limited so you might want to take your food to go.
one star off for the marginally high price associated with many of the menu items.Talk about a fresh, delicious, custom made, chopped salad?! Gio Pronto delivers! I've been looking for a salad place in Philly that offers a variety of ingredients as well as the ability to chop your salad and I'm so happy to have found this place. Portabello mushrooms and avocado were amazing. 
Will be going to this place on a frequent basis!i left philly a year ago, but i can certifiably say one of things i miss most about the city is gia pronto. they have the BEST salads and i haven't been able to find a place in SF that replicates the experience. two reasons why: 
1) Ordering forms -- you don't even have to interact with your salad maker. You basically just fill out a form, which has prices for each ingredient clearly listed out. If you make a mistake, just cross out what you circled and circle a different ingredient. You can spend 10 seconds on the form or 10 minutes, it's totally up to you, and when you're ready to submit your order, you put it up on the counter with the other completed forms in a neat queue. Compare this to the experience of customized salad bars where there's 20 people waiting behind you, you're looking at 50 different ingredients and trying to choose, and even though the prices of ingredients are on the board, you don't have time to check because you're feeling the pressure of 20 people behind you impatiently waiting for you to choose between goat vs feta cheese, a decision which, as we all know, can make or break your salad experience.
2) Chopped salads -- This improves the salad by at LEAST ten-fold. It breaks down the lettuce into manageable bites. Without the chopped lettuce, I find myself struggling to fit entire pieces of lettuce into my mouth, and the dressing inevitably ends up all over my face. Plus, it's hard to get the right ratio of lettuce to toppings when the lettuce is so big and unmanageable, and that goes for the toppings too (e.g., avocado, onions). With a chopped salad, this problem is solved because the lettuce and ingredients all end up the same size (tiny) and you're getting a good mixture of all the salad components in each bite. And no more salad dressing splatter!
In conclusion, Gia Pronto is the best. Yes it's expensive, but it's worth it. The end.Expensive, but very good salads because they use only the best ingredients. I'm knocking off a star because they no longer carry a couple of items in the salad bar I very much need to make my perfect salad. I also wish they had a soda fountain rather than only soda in a can.
Go early to beat the undergrad crowd, and best bet is to take your salad to go and eat elsewhere.It's not the band I hate, it's their fans.
Gia Pronto has the best salads around.  Fresh, delicious, organic ingredients, and every salad is custom-made to your exact specifications.  I love coming in here, grabbing a form and a pencil, and deciding what tasty combination I'll have for lunch.
What I do not love: navigating the insane crowd, almost entirely composed of groups of sorority girls and their enormous bags and backpacks, totally oblivious that they're blocking everything from the drinks cooler to the salad pickup area.
But in the end, it's totally worth it for the awesome salads.  And if we're being honest, my bag isn't all that small, either.A little pricey for a chicken panini ($8) (would be better if it included a drink) but it was good. Quick service and close to the VA so I may come back for a salad next time.The food is just ok. Sandwiches are always really dry, and sometimes they keep them in the panini press too long and the they get too crunchy and hard. The pizza slices are alright. Nothing spectacular, but they aren't bad. However, pizza isn't always available. Their soups are great. I love their tomato and orzo. Their chicken noodle is good as is their creamy potato. Salads are fresh and tasty. 
All of that said, the service is not very nice. I get the feeling that the staff sees me as an inconvenience. Sighing, inattention, and brusque attitudes are pretty common since their move. (They used to have REALLY friendly staff when they were a few doors down). The service is only one reason I don't go very often. 
The other is the price. For a bone dry, burnt-hard, sandwich with meh fillings, it is too expensive. Pizza is affordable. As mentioned, salads are a bit pricey, but they are worth the price. Compared to other options around (Wawa, Salad Works, food carts, etc.),  the restaurant is expensive. For the alright food and the semi rude service, I can't justify the price.I've gone here a couple times and have made my own salad. It's a little expensive so I don't do it that often, but I love it all the same. You can pick from ingredients like hearts of palm, grapes, slices of apple, nuts, and much more. It also comes with a piece of bread which is nice, but I don't really think the entire meal is worth $15. The sandwiches look pretty amazing, and they're enormous. The place always does a good business and the staff is friendly. However, a couple times, I've noticed that the person behind the counter has forgotten to add a couple of my salad toppings. When I pointed it out, they were more than happy to correct the error, but if I'm going to pay $15 for a salad I definitely want my moneys worth. 
All in all, overpriced but good.This might well be my favorite place to eat in University City. Their salads are simply wonderful: fresh ingredients, you choose all of the items you want and fast service. The dining space is small so during the lunch hour plan on hovering or taking your food to go.
I agree with others who have said the cost can be a bit prohibitive.  Take out a small mortgage beforehand.  It's completely worth it!  And, I'll also echo the gaggle of Penn students who process through there during lunch.  Be prepared for people with large backpacks accidentally taking you out!Healthy, customizable meal...yes that describes Gia Pronto. But it is also extremely overpriced and chaotic especially during the lunch rush. Expect to spend at least 10 minutes in line if you're coming for lunch. You will also spend a few more minutes trying to navigate the crowds just so you can pay for the food. 
I didn't have a good first experience here and I doubt I'll be returning. Just a personal decision though since I don't fair well in restaurants where you can customize your entire meal because 1) I'm indecisive 2) I always come up with awkward combinations that do not taste good together. I'd rather go to Cosi for my salads and just order off of their fixed menu than pay more for a meal with questionable flavor combinations...but that's just me.You are a victim of your own success, Gia Pronto.
Still delicious, but SO CROWDED that half the time I walk in the door during lunchtime, and give up on wading through the masses of Penn undergrads.
Oh well, at least I can still get good coffee in the morning, when there's no line.Gia Pronto is an okay spot. For convenience it makes a lot of sense for me. And, they recently renovated and I really like what they did with the place.
The added square thin pizzas to the menu. Not the best in town, but they taste good and are not a bad option.
They have pretty good sandwiches. However, they can be soft on the panini presser. The last one I got was still a little cold. The ingredients were fresh and it was tasty, but the server needs to allow it to cook properly. Though, considering how long she did have it on, it might be just as much an issue with the temperature of the presser.
They have good salads that you can put together yourself. I also like their soups. A nice selection.
They are a bit pricey for what they offer, but not too crazy. Go if it's what's close, but don't go out of your way for it.Convenient good and friendly service. great coffee and love that they have a cortadito!Gia Pronto changed my life. Really. This little caf allows you to create your own made to order salads that are ten times better than any Saladworks that I've been too. They have creative toppings such as dried pineapple along with the traditional toppings. You get to choose between regular salad greens and romaine, then fill out exactly what you want on a little slip and they let you know when your salad is done. It's as simple as that. Their paninnis are also life altering. The bread and filling perfectly compliment each other and you get a good amount for they price that you pay.
The atmosphere, very simplistic and slightly retro with the metal stools and tables, also adds to the delicious flavor of this little caf. If you are ever in the University City area or Downtown. Stop by. I dare you. Just prepare for a life altering experience. &#61514;.Given the variety of food trucks in the vicinity - not to mention the Wawa nextdoor - I would probably shy away from this place.  If you need a quick coffee or sweet fix (a double-shot americano, a brownie, or the like), Gia Pronto may provide a solution, but only choose this place if you have exhausted other options.  The iced coffee is admittedly better than what you could get at Starbucks, but more expensive.  The salads can cost more than $10 with the added toppings and the portions aren't too big.  I ordered a chicken panini here and it was bland.  The people are friendly enough and you'll probably never have to actively find seating, as it is always available.  I saw someone sampling the soup, so you can try samples for free.
Service: B+ (then again, this isn't a restaurant)
Taste: COh Gia, I love you. Why? Because your coffee is so delicious, your sandwiches so well put together, your croissants so light, and your soups so filling. 
I don't believe in purchasing salads here, just because they are so DAMN expensive. Also, the salad lines tend to be out the door. If you're getting soup or just a sandwich, you can simply go up to the guy and order it there without waiting. 
Seating can be a bit frustrating, but just grab food there and eat it elsewhere. Problem solved.For a quick panini fix in UCity this is my go to place but I prefer the one in the hospital rather than this one. In this particular location there is limited seating and you end up leaving with the smell of food on your clothes.I really like the procuitto panini but it's a bit over priced. The  bread they use is good but may be a bit too much for the sandwich. Overall Gia Pronto is good but for a great panini I'd rather go to Tria downtown.Delish paninis. Large selection. Great design your own salads!
They are still at this Spruce Street location.legit panini, good coffee, good salads, hale and hearty soups... this place seems like a stapleOutstanding coffee- Agent Cooper would be delighted.
Their salads and sandwiches look amazing, too.  
For those in or from the Bay Area, Gia Pronto somewhat reminds me of Mixt Greens on Bush Street (http://www.yelp.com/biz/mixt-greens-san-francisco), but with sandwiches and coffee.
I'll definitely be back.Sure, they get their produce from local farms. Sure, they have free-range chicken. Sure, it's a cool layout.
But that does NOT justify a $13 salad in a loud, overcrowded atmosphere.
Also, if I hadn't been paying attention while they were making my salad, they would have left out feta cheese, which they charge over a dollar for. Also, you pay for a roll but they don't have butter. You have to ask for butter and when they do, they give you one measly packet. Just awful all the way around and a rip off.
Definitely not going back. Only reason I gave it two stars because the taste was okay. NOT GREAT. Just okay.I swallowed my pride the other day and grabbed a sandwich from Gia for lunch.  Overall, the food here is pretty good albeit a little expensive for what you get.  I was more pleased with my coffee which was a fresh alternative to my usual WaWa brew.  Be prepared though while waiting in line for a gaggle of gossipy sorority girls chatting incessantly about late nights and boy problems.  The dress code seems to be black tights, Ugg boots, undersized American Apparel V-Necks, and Windshield sunglasses.  Still despite the crowd this place is a decent lunch spot, but I think I'll be sticking to food carts.Review Summary: Ambience: 3/5   Food: 1/5  Service: 2/5
"If you don't have anything good to say, don't say anything at all". 
Well, at least they really stepped up the decor after recent renovations?Yo the salads are good but seriously 8-10 bucks for lettuce with some tofu and pinto beans on it? As Gob from Arrested Development would say, COME ON!Good sandwiches, though the bread:meat ratio is too high (and I do like my bread!)  However, the ingredients are indeed top notch, I'll give them that.
Very nice coffee, a must-try if you're sick of the Starbucks, Penn Bookstore and other subpar coffees around Penn buildings.
Gia Pronto is a good lunch spot for those days when you have time to sit down and enjoy it, preferably with at least one other person and a coffee.  Otherwise I feel it's hard to justify the bill... at ~$8 per panino and ~$4 for coffee that's ~$12 for lunch before tax.  Not on work-study dollars, no sir!I visited the Center City location on Market and 20th:
In a city where hoagies and cheesesteaks rein supreme, it's been difficult finding the perfect panini. The paninis I had at Paninoteca and Felinni were good, but nothing special.
Thank goodness for Gi Pronto! The roast beef panini was stellar and definitely worth writing home about (or maybe just blogging about).
I only have two requirements for panini: 1. the bread must be toasted and feature grill marks 2. the cheese needs to be melted. My roast beef panini came through on both points. Additionally, the sandwich's ingredients were top-notch featuring only 100% natural ingredients and hormone-free meat.
The Ciabatta was perfectly toasted and sturdy. The cheddar cheese had a deliciously strong flavor. The grilled red onions added a layer of sweetness, while the chipotle mayonnaise added some kick. The roast beef, seasoned with salt and pepper, was naturally flavorful. My only complaint was the wilted romaine lettuce. Perhaps the sandwich artists should add the romaine post-toasting to avoid soggy greens. Overall, an outstanding sandwich. I'll be back.Great place for a good breakfast sandwich and coffee.  Way better than DD both in food and service.  You will be back for more.Pretty decent paninis and salads for the lunchtime crowd.  I've tried most of their paninis and the chicken curry is excellent (almost as good as the chicken curry sandwiches that Dean and Deluca make).  Only downsides about Gia Pronto are that the food seems slightly on the expensive side and they're not usually open around dinnertime.  Plus, probably a good idea to visit for an early or late lunch... it gets busy around noon.Pros: healthy and delicious.
Cons: slow and expensive.  
Be prepared to spend 9+ dollars and 15+ minutes waiting for your salad.  Then be prepared to devour it (including the sweet, hearty multigrain roll you swore you wouldn't eat) with gusto. 
Wait 24 hours, repeat.Right in the heart of Penn's campus. The place has a nice, retro cafe feel to it, as most of the eatery joints around Penn do. I had the mozzarella and prosciutto panini, which was delicious. The coffee is quite good too. Service was fairly quick and the prices weren't that cheap (this is Penn, after all), but reasonable.The salads are expensive, but I'd rather pay $10 for an incredible salad whose ingredients I get to pick myself than paying $8 for the worst salad ever from ABP.  The sandwiches are also expensive, but they have similarly amazing ingredients and taste even better after a good cooking on the panino grill.  But my favorite part about Gia is the new soup bar, which serves Hale & Hearty Soups from NY.  They usually have 10 different kinds on offer, from vegan to meaty, and every single one I've had has been delicious.  A medium costs about $4, which is a damn good deal for lunch in my book.  Plus it comes with their amazing flatbread.  
The coffee is unbeatable in University City too.  My team at work makes about four coffee runs to Gia per day.  And their baristas/cashiers have gotten increasingly friendly and helpful with time, so that's good.  Even better, if you bring a large reusable mug, they'll fill it with coffee and only charge you for a small.  
Though Gia does get crowded from 12-1:30 and the salad line takes forever since they make each one from scratch (hey Gia, why not have some pre-made options?), I've always been able to get a seat when needed without much of a wait.
They did once try to charge me $2 for a packet of Quaker oatmeal, but I'll forgive them that transgression because of how awesome they are otherwise.I would've liked to have given this 3.5 stars since I was really in between, but I leaned towards the more positive. 
Food: I had the portabella mushroom pesto caprese panini and it was delicious, really. The pesto was really flavorful, mushrooms grilled well, bread was perfect amount of crisp.  5+ for this panini. 
Drink: I had the iced chai which the flavor was pretty spot on for a chai tea but the only negative was that it wasn't cold enough. They make it fresh so that's a plus, but therefore they should use much more ice or shake it in ice then pour it over new ice. Something to make it colder.  4 stars for the drink. 
The staff was accommodating but not entirely friendly. Liked to socialize a bit more than inform and help customers. The service was fast, just not friendly per say.  2.5 stars on this end. 
The price was a bit ridiculous in my opinion. I had the panini and iced drink as described and it was almost $13 total.  The panini was not tiny, I was certainly satisfied, but it was not large enough to split into two lunches, therefore, expensive.  And while $3.70 is the going rate for a trendy medium iced chai, if they're going to charge the going trendy rate, then it has to be up to that par, not room temp iced drink. 
The place was very clean and the food was very good but primarily because of the price to worth ratio, I would not return.  If their prices improved, id be more of a regular here.For those of us condemned to eat salad regularly, Gia Pronto is a decent choice. The system is, you fill out a form specifying how you want your salad and they make it while you watch. The variety of ingredients is wide enough to keep you from getting bored too quickly. My wife felt that there weren't enough fresh vegetables available as ingredients (marinated mushrooms and grilled mushrooms, but no mushroom mushrooms).  The place is busy enough that you don't have to worry much about getting nasty old veggies.  The option to have your salad 'chopped' (attacked with something that looks like a Klingon weapon) makes it look like compost - not my preference.
Pronto also specializes in panini, which I haven't tried.This place blows. 
Houston Hall across the street sells cheaper salads across the street, that taste better.
The dressings all suck.
Salad Works also has better salads.
The coffee is only average, Hubub has better coffee. 
The environment is not one you want to spend time in. 
The staff are rude and are always talking amongst themselves, but act put out if you ask them for something. The last time I was in, the bottle blonde that sort of looks like a pig was very rude to me for no reason. 
Too expensive, don't waste your time or moneyI visit Gia Pronto in University City often for salads, which are large, fresh, and made-to-order (though quite expensive, as other reviews have noted). In general I'm a fan, but lately I've encountered 3 real issues with the service there:
(1) Twice in the last month, the staff has not made my salad according to what I indicated on my sheet. Once I was given a chopped salad when I clearly asked for a tossed one, and another time one of the toppings that I requested was left out, yet I was still charged for it because I didn't realize it until I had taken it to go. I'm getting pretty tired of these basic mistakes.
(2) The flow of customers is terribly managed (or rather, not managed at all). There are simple steps that could be taken to reconfigure their interior space and staff the different stations more effectively that would ease the wait, even during peak times, yet they have taken no action on this front.
(3) Maybe this is inevitable, but the productivity of different staff varies widely. Some of their staff do not seem to have been trained in how to move efficiently without compromising the quality of the food that they are preparing, and this can be frustrating as a customer.Nothing special.  I've been here a couple of times and the coffee is OK but sometimes burnt.  Everything else is overpriced, even more so now that they have moved a couple of doors down.  
The services is AWFUL - why does no one smile here?  The last time I was here, they were out of half and half, whole, 2% and skim milk - yup, NO CREAM FOR YOU.Decent food. Soups and salads are interesting and actually pretty tasty. Expensive prices for the quality. 
The worst part if what seems like poor planning for customer traffic flow. It is hard to tell where lines begin and end, who has been waited on, who is next in line, and where to go for what you want. For me, that's enough to avoid this place when it is busy.Great for a healthy lunch on the go. I probably stop here about once a week. Lots of local and organic food, and finally they recycle, which is great considering all the places around here that DON'T! The salad choices are extensive and always fresh. And the paninis are full of cheezy gooey goodness. The petite girls behind the counters can be snooty, but all in all a high recommendation.Confession time: I love eating lunch by myself. 
My coworkers are swell, but sometimes I want to actually rest during my break. 
And when I want that reprieve with a big chopped salad, I come to Gia Pronto. I would give the salads 5 stars. Get the grilled marinated tofu, a nice multigrain roll.... perfection. I'll take that with a tiny corner table, a trashy novel, and a cup of their *divine* (and fair trade) coffee. 
Or if you're digging on some flat bread pizza; indulge away. I love the small cut options so you can mix and match. Personal favorites: Italian mushroom, broccoli rabe, and white with potato. Translucent potato slices just go so well with the chewy crisp crust. 
So why 3 stars for a place I go pretty regularly? 
1. Because Gia Pronto, while delicious, is anything but Pronto. 
Expect to wait in line for at least 10 minutes, as while 2 cash registers exist, only one will ever be open. That one will be staffed by one girl who also functions as the barista.  They seem perpetually short staffed. 
2. The salads are expensive. $12 for a salad. Granted, they're big. But I know how inexpensively I could make them at home and there isn't really culinary magic to chopped salad except a mezza luna. Doesn't deter me from buying them, but if they were under $10, I'd eat them more often. 
3. They refuse to sell me pizza with my coffee in the morning. This point may be approaching pettiness; but when I stop in at 8a, I don't want a breakfast sandwich, I want a small garlicky cut con funghi and a hot sweet coffee. Until I can live this dream, I'm holding back one star.You know, I wanted to give this place a bad rating, because I was part of the opening staff for this store, and it totally fucking sucked to work there, but from the outside I guess I can now appreciate that it was pretty well run.  Marco is definitely a perfectionist, dedicated to doing things the right way always, having great service, and keeping things clean.  Yeah, it's kind of pricy, but it's worth it to know that everything in the back is just as pristine as it is in the front.
The food is really fucking good too.  It's one of the few places in Philly that reminded me a lot of SF in terms of caring about sourcing of ingredients.  Also, Marco was a freaking NAZI about the foam we made at the barista station.  So expect to have well made espresso drinks here.
So I guess my vote is YAY if you want to eat there, but BOO if you want to work there,I know it's overpriced, but their salads are SO GOOD. The lines can get super long around lunch time (since every Penn student and their mom is standing in line with you), but I would say the wait is worth it. 
Plus, Gia's the first place that introduced me to chopped salad. I know this isn't really a big deal, but I love how they make everything bite-sized, so you don't get salad dressing all over your mouth. I'm sure I'm not the only one who has ever had this problem when attempting to eat an unusually large piece of lettuce.I love their coffee! Gia Pronto, you make my mornings just a little better every day.A little coffee joint that students study at, hang out over a cup, or just happen to meet in front of, there's been a bit of turnover at this location prior to Gia Pronto. Previous establishments have tried to be a little too chic, and while Gia pulls a turn in that direction, it's not too obstinate about it and combines up to with the normal grittiness of West Philly to offer up a slightly more smooth version of a Starbucks, with the salads the draw here, although I'm personally more a fan of the sandwiches.Gia Pronto has updated their University City location by moving down the block a couple storefronts into a larger location and they are better than ever. 
They've improved upon the salad ordering area by having two salad makers work in parallel. Even with a large crowd of salad patrons, this system seems to move incredibly quickly. My new favorite salad starts with arugula, then adds chickpeas, grapes, cucumbers, beets and sprouts. The workers here really listen when you ask them to go light on the dressing which I appreciate. I absolutely love how they prepare the chickpeas and I doubt that they come from a can. My salad totals up to around $9, and the quality of ingredients is outstanding. The salad prices can get out of hand if you add too many toppings. 
I also love the soups here. I typically order the 10-vegetable which is pretty filling and very tasty. I do miss the soup sign from the former location which had information about whether soups were vegan and gluten-free.I was in here a few days ago and had lunch and some coffee.  It's a little confusing as to whether sandwich orderers can skip past the long line of drooling salad ordering people, so I waited until they were done before going over to the sandwich counter. 
 I ordered the Spanish torta sandwich, based on a previous review. I got a bag o' cheddar and herb chips and an Nantucket Nectar Arnold Palmer(1/2 lemonade 1/2 iced tea. Its good, seriously). The sandwich took forever to get made. Somehow no one mentioned that pronto is Italian for QUICK.  However, the sandwich guy that finally gave me my sandwich did apologize for the wait. 
The Spanish torta sandwich had a chicken cutlet, jalapenos, and I think some guac. The guac was bland, and the jalapenos few and far between. The chicken was ok, but nothing great. The bread was also nothing spectacular either. My cheddar and herb chips were very tasty though and the Arnold Palmer rocked.
I got a iced coffee while I was waiting. It was decent and the server was pretty fast.
The place gets pretty loud. I didn't see the sorority contingent but there were a bunch of chatty Cathy undergrads there talking about how great their salads were blah blah blah, this semester sucks. Somethings never change.
I'd come back for some coffee or maybe a fru fru salad. Otherwise I'd rather go somewhere else.The food is OK, but overpriced.  Paninis, salads, and pizzas are the standards here.  I wish I could give them 3 stars but I can't - mainly because of the atrocious behavior of their staff.  They are like cranky zombies.  I don't know if they are trained to act like this, but it makes me really uncomfortable.  Recently used them for catering and the person showed up late, threw the bags on the table and went on and on about how terrible their boss was.  Just really unprofessional.  There are way better food options in the University City area so the terrible customer service is not really worth it.Gia is good.  They have great paninis.  My only complaint is that after eating one you smell like it for like 4 hours.  I don't know why, but that mix of hot ciabatta and meat and cheese just permeates your clothes.  Anyway, I like the chicken pesto, the turkey and cheese (with the honey glaze), and the chicken parm.  Avoid this place like the plague at 1145-1230, as you can barely walk in with out bumping into 50 other Penn students.  It's a solid sandwich though.Gia pronto's coffee is pretty good. This place is a bit expensive for food. I do like their soups with bread, and baked goods especially the croissants and biscuits!SO GOOD, but PREPARE TO BE POOR AFTER A MEAL HERE!
Def avoid like THE PLAGUE from 12 to about 1:30. 
Yes, you will reek of expensive, organic ingredients pressed in a panini-presser but so what? You'll smell better than having gorged yourself at one of those Indian buffets nearby.
Despite the price, you do get a lot of food. Plus, it's organic and healthy. You pay for fantastic quality and the dressings are AMAZING.Oh Gia. I lived very close to here for over two years, and gave it many more chances than it deserved.
I've tried the salads, the breakfast sandwiches, the coffee. It's all fine, but it's all about 30% more expensive than it's worth. The wait time for Gia is really long, however, and I've spent (not even kidding) upwards of 15 minutes to get a non-toasted bagel. Process that for a second. A *non* toasted bagel. They used to have a delicious cinnamon sugar bagel that when toasted, was pure heaven I admit. Before they got rid of it, they burned it the last two times I got it, making me almost cry when I opened up my takeout bag. 
They've also tried to rip me off a couple of times-make sure to count your change as it's often been $1-2 full dollars short. When called out on it, I'm immediately given back the money, making me believe it was less than accidental. Also, watch out for any popular meal times, as Gia will be CROWDED.I actually frequent the location in Center City...
I LOVE  GiaPronto. Delicious and large freshly made salads with a huge variety of choices. Also, the location I go to is right next to a Starbucks which is always crowded and, of course, expensive. 
Gia Pronto offers coffee that's better, cheaper and faster than Starbucks.
'nuf said.Good coffee, high prices for everything else (relative to the area). Glad they're there though, since Wawa coffee is on the ineffective side of the caffeine scale. Be very specific when they ask if you want room for milk, for they'll leave 1/6 of the cup empty. Were they subtly telling me that their coffee is so strong that it requires over 2.5 ounces of milk or cream to dilute it? I had to find out for myself so I proceeded to fill the remaining empty space in the cup with cream. The cup was brought carefully to my mouth for a taste, lest the contents spill. The rim of the cup kiss my lips. I take a sip. I let the mixture engulf my tongue. The taste lingers. I give it time to make an impression. It is no good. The 2.5 ounces has bespoilt an otherwise delectable coffee. What was I to do? It was my actions that caused the coffee to lose its virginal innocence. It was their act of leaving 1/6 of the cup empty, when they asked if I wanted room for milk or cream, that suggested that I fill it to the brim with my flavor enhancer of choice. Sadly, their line was long; my time short. My goal of not being over 15 minutes late for the drudgery of living-earning was to be met. That day, I lost the battle, but the war still rages on.Mostly, I just get coffee (brewed fresh constantly, beans mainly from La Colombe) in the mornings. They are kind enough to give you steamed milk if you ask, and don't charge extra for it. The croissants are flaky, buttery and delicious. I'm not sure what they put in the cupcakes but I could easily eat half a dozen of them.
The food is pricey but it's very high quality. They use hormone-free meats (if you're into that sort of thing), and everything is on very tasty bread. My favorite sandwich is the mozzarella and tomato panini, which also has a few mushrooms interspersed here and there. The sandwiches have interesting ingredients that go well together.
There are tons and tons of delicious things you can add to the pre-packed lettuce bowls (that morning, mind you, and with spring mix or baby spinach-- none of that nasty iceberg stuff). This can add up quickly so be careful! There are the standard salad bar type things but also more fancy additions like dried figs and roasted red pepper.
Marco, the owner, may be the most genuinely happy and friendly person I have ever met (unless he's hiding a mean streak somewhere). He always has a smile on his face and if he happens to be in the shop he will greet you cheerfully and make your coffee drink himself. Let him-- he knows what he's doing.Oh, Gia, how I miss thee. Since graduating and relocating to the other side of the Schuylkill, I never make it back to this wonderful place. I mean, on paper, there's nothing special about it. Sandwiches and salads. Whoopty doo. But the salads are soooo good. Just be careful about checking boxes on your order form nilly-willy, or you can wind up with a $20 mammoth of a salad. The coffee is also good.  I've never tried the sandwiches, but I'd like to. I always walk in thinking that I will, but then I'll think about the salads and all the toppings, and I cave. Oops.
Also, you can write funny names on the order form and LOL when they call them out. If you're a little lacking in the maturity department, that is.Pretty solid lunch spot but my only gripe is you don't order and then they make what you want. Whatever sandwiches they have left in the case is it and they won't make you something if you order it.
I wanted the pesto chicken sandwich but it was sold out. Ended up getting the Italian Chicken and asked for a side of pesto. A little pricey for lunch ($7.50 for just the sandwich, $13.50 total for the lunch), but I guess that's what happens when you add a bag of "Dirty Chips" and a Naked Juice to your lunch. Check this place out for sure though.It sure doesn't look it upon first glance, But Gia Pronto is a family run just indie coffee spot. It's pretty much what Cosi and and Fourbucks would be if they put a little more and detail into their customer service too.
The sandwiches and salads can be great, while the coffee is just decent. But the customer service and ambiance is pretty top notch.Aiight son this is the joint you want to go when you need that local farm ish, feelin me. They got stuff locally sourced from nearby farms and organic meat. Talk about coffee they got that Italian coffee man, its completely legit, ya dig.
Staff is always super friendly and quick cause the Penn students and workers love it here man. Always bumpin in this joint, ya feelin me.
You gotta get that fresh mozzarella cheese dog, its the absolute truth son. Plus they brought back the pizza and got the salads. Eaten here plenty of time. Its one of the best places on the street forget them food trucks. Gia Pronto is where you want to go if you want that real deal ish. The owner is always going around and checking on the customers I mean how cool is that right man.
Now this is the place to go if you like soup. Highly rated on them cold Philly days dog, no doubt.
Where ever they get their bread from must be heaven. I didn't event mention breakfast those apple walnut cranberry bagels come one son that ish is the truth. always get that and you won't be salty.