This small Italian place on the corner of Broad and Pine is definitely the place to go... if you have no other options. Today was my first day going here, and it was basically empty. My friends and I were a party of 15, and everywhere in the city was booked besides here. 
Ambiance: Essentially the place is very nice, rather small however. But nothing to complain about here. 
Staff: Everyone was very friendly. I don't think they spoke good English, but they tried their best and they were all very kind! 
Food: First of all everything is over priced. Well to a college student anyways. For a plate of anything. You're looking to average $25 a plate. Yes I said $25 a plate. This wouldn't normally be a problem if their was a lot of food. However, I finished my food in literally 5 bites. Okay I'm being dramatic I actually finished it in about 8 bites. The serving sizes are not that much at all. However the food was delicious and fresh. Still I don't think they should charge that much.
Overall, this is a nice place to go maybe on a date with a longtime significant other. But I doubt I'll be going back here just because of the prices. They also have a bar with a TV that had the playoff game on it. Also, the bathroom was really really nice. But pretty dark.This place is deaaaaaaaaaad. Wow. I mean not surprised when I read about it being on deal sites but it didn't seem like there was really any reason to be that level of deathbed awful.
I came here for dinner with a bunch of family members. I never had any clue what I could order alcohol-wise so I had to sort of guess my way into a bourbon and ginger ale. Never got asked if I wanted another, whatever. Never really got my water refilled either. 
We started off with a mixed seafood/veggie misto plate and burrata. The burrata was amazing, I was not really a fan of the calamari. It was just there, really. 
I shared a caprese salad with my cousin which was decent, but for the price you wouldn't catch me actually eating it on my own. (Then again if it was up to me we wouldn't have eaten here but that's another story.) 
It took an awfully long time to get our food for such a dead restaurant on a Saturday night. 
I had farfalle and smoked salmon in a tomato cream sauce. It was alright. Supposedly they make their own pasta but there was absolutely nothing to me that differentiated it from a $1 box of pasta I could buy at the grocery store. The smoked salmon was in such small pieces you couldn't really get the flavor of it. At least the sauce was good. But not $19 good. 
Everyone seemed to enjoy what they had but holy shit for how much it cost I would rather have been goddamn content on my food. Maybe this is why I live in Atlanta and don't spend $8 on 4 slices of tomatoes, 4 slices of mozzarella, some balsamic and arugula. 
And the server....soooo weird. 
2.5, rounding up because I feel bad for them.Two of us chose this restaurant for our restaurant week dinner splurge. It was packed, but it's a small place.  We were seated about 10 minutes after arriving and given the menu promptly.This was the only thing that was prompt.  We were also given water shortly thereafter, but clearly everyone around us had also been given bread and olive oil; not us.  We ordered and when the first course arrived, we needed to ask for bread which came cold with bland olive oil. The yellow fin app and pepper/cheese app were both tasty.  The main course that I ordered, salmon with balsamic reduction, was overcooked and bland (the previous evening, the salmon I made myself was much better). Besides, I needed to ask for silverware AFTER it was served. My date's farfalle with salmon was okay, but not something that we couldn't have cooked ourselves. I had to ask someone to refill my water. After our plates were removed, a third or fourth server (no one ever identified him/her self as our server) asked why we were sitting and we had to say that it was dessert time. We asked what they had and were told three items. We chose two and asked about coffee.  She said that they had it.  I asked for cappuccino and she responded with an audible exasperation.  Then she reluctantly said okay.  My date ordered coffee, but, No Decaf...we don't have decaf.  Several minutes later, another person came over to ask where we were (which course?). We said dessert and before we could say that someone just took our order, he began to recite the desserts, but he added a new one that the first person didn't mention.  This was actually the one that my date saw others ordering and that he wanted.  So he took this one.  I had actually seen cappuccino being served all around me which is why I even thought to ask for it.  Someone delivered a sugar bowl to our table and it was surrounded by ripped packets of pink sweetener which my date and I cleaned up from the bowl.  Desserts were served and my berry tart had soggy crust like it had been defrosted.  My date's Napoleon looked  crispier, but both desserts had a tasteless yellow sauce that we were unable to identify.  The check came and in addition to the $70.00 for two restaurant week dinners, we were charged an extra $4.20 for the exasperation..I mean the cappuccino which by the way, McDonald's makes better.  Do not go to this restaurant; a huge overhaul is needed for both the chef and the waitstaff.  The place is expensive and frankly, exasperating.Go here if you are recovering from the flu and need the plainest most bland food (too much) money can buy.
Fritturi Mista had exactly two shrimp and then a handful of calamari on a bed of french fries.  (not as menu described).  Simply fried, served w/ marina that tasted as if it was poured out of a jar.
Pollo rosemarino was two pieces of chicken served on a handful of spinach. That's it. No sauce, no seasoning. 
The veal entree was the same-a single breaded veal cutlet served with no sauce, no seasoning, and a handful of arugula and completely raw garlic.It was absolutely incomprehensible. 
If we didn't have a Travelzoo voucher I would absolutely have asked for my money back and gone to Wawa.
By the time we got to dessert, we laughed aloud when we took a bit of the cheesecake. It tasted like...nothing.
I have to say the servers could not have been nicer and more accommodating. But, we will never go back and advise others not to try it.Our dinner tonight was great. The service was on point. The hostess was prompt and professional ad the waitstaff were friendly and attentive. The bread and bruschetta were both fresh and tasty.  Our table started with rigatoni bolognese and stuff zucchini flowers. The rigatoni was al dente and the sauce was delicious. The flowers were also good but a little soggy as they had an accompanying sauce. I had a paparadelle special with shrimp scallops mushrooms and artichokes which was well prepared but a bit jumbled. My husband had a lemon shrimp dish which was very well seasoned and cooked well. Dessert was great. We always choose molten chocolate cake if it is an option on a menu and it did not disappoint! Definitely recommend this resataurant!A friend and I met here for drinks early evening.  My drink was generous and properly prepared.  We were enjoying our discussion and our banter with the bar tender so we decided to ask if we could have a table to get something to eat.  Though the restaurant was busy we were shortly offered a table in a banquet at the front of the room.  Our server was quite pleasant and most professional and efficient.  The calamari appetizer was superb.  Rather than being fried as we had anticipated, there were large tender and flavorful pieces of squid in a delightful tomato gravy.  We scoffed it up!  The steak entree was tender and prepared to perfection.  The veal with sauteed mushrooms was delightful without being overly sauced. We felt very comfortable during our visit here.  It is relatively small, though not intimate, so we didn't  experience some of the frantic activity and noise levels found in some of the larger spaces.  All of the crew were friendly and not at all pushy.  Because of some unfortunate reviews I had passed-up making reservations here for a larger group last month.  Today I made a reservation here for the same group for next week.The very best Italian food in Philadelphia. The freshest Bronzino and veal with tagliatelle and eggplant parmigiana and top off dinner with their apple torte. Great wine selection and Franco is a welcoming host with his wife as chef. We eat there at least once a week before concerts, theater or just for the evening  
Lynn and JoeI have to admit, I didn't read any of the reviews until I was walking out the door. We were meeting friends and I had selected the restaurant from the Restaurant week list. I was very worried once I saw how poor many of the reviews were. Fortunately, we were pleasantly surprised. Our food was fabulous. The carpaccio, caprese, and zucchini apps were great as was the two entrees we had - the gnocchi and the boneless chicken. Dessert was great too. The decor could use some updating and the bar was very limited but the food was delicious. The service was good as well.After reading many negative Yelp reviews of this place, I was pleasantly surprised! I wouldn't have chose it, a friend did. We had a large party eat here before heading to a show. 
I had a house martini to start, wouldn't recommend if you don't like sweet drinks like me. I then, switched to wine.
I ordered onion soup for appetizer which wasn't anything to write home about, but it was tasty. For dinner I had the penne vodka with chicken. The pasta was so fresh! They make it daily and you could definitely tell - it was very delicious and I was pleased with the portions...not to mention the freshly grated Parmesan on top! A+
Now dessert is where things get spicy! I have NEVER had cheesecake as delicious as they had here! It was so light and fluffy - made with ricotta! mmm! I want another piece as I write this.  
The service was good. Our waiter didn't speak much English, which was confusing ordering drinks we ordered Malbec and they brought Pinot Grigio...two very different things, but nothing huge. They brought us the right glass and let us keep the wrong one.
The only weird thing was we had a huge party of 8 and they didn't include tip. We figured it was included in the final total so we split the bill and left! They chased us down and told us we didn't tip for a $500 bill! Most restaurants just include it, again no biggie...just weird!
In all - check this place out! Especially if you're in the neighborhood seeing a show or what not!My mom got me a travelzoo voucher for Girasole back in August and as it was about to expire, we used it last night.  Although the reviews weren't great, we were looking forward to a night out.  
The other reviews written need to be taken with a grain of salt.  I have been working in restaurants for over ten years and one reviewer complained that the server didn't bring out the food and it must have been a food runner? This made me laugh out loud.  I wonder if she would be disappointed when a "food runner" would bring her food out at Le Bec Fin or Vetri? Food runners are an integral part of a restaurant. Enough said, I digress.
We both really enjoyed our meals, and yes, the service was a little unorganized, but that doesn't equal bad. It just seems that the FOH staff needs to communicate a little better. BUT I would much rather two girls coming over asking if we need refills on our wine than no girls, so it's fine. =)  Overall, everyone was FRIENDLY and seemed to enjoy being there, which is sometimes rare to find.
My boyfriend started with the caprese, which was fresh and flavorful and I had the calamari, the sauce was yummy and texture not rubbery. I had the gnocchi for my main while he had the tagliatelle with ragu - both nice portions, not too heavy, and very tasty.  The gnocchi texture actually ranks up there with some of my favorites. 
We both finished with the ricotta cheesecake which was light and fluffy - delicious. 
Would we go back? I'm not sure because we love trying new places and there are so many to try. Would we recommend? Absolutely. Atmosphere was cozy, service was friendly, food was yummy. Give it a shot. And, the food runner did a great job.I was with a group of about 8. We simply wanted to have drinks. Wanting Drinks was a huge mistake. The bar tender would not mix up specific drinks he simple said,"only what you see in the menu". The drinks were not great. What made this experience uncomfortable was the attitudes of the waitresses. One waitresses carefully walked around are group making sure she did not touch anyone. If you got close to her she would give a look of discuss. I think she was germaphobic. So, after a few more passes by the freaky waitress we left. If you want good costumer service avoid this place. It is the worst place i have ever walked into!
Wow, So many negative reviews. There must be some truth to the low rating. Avoid this place. Come to Fishtown :-)This is the best italian restaurant in Philadelphia! Amazing, homemade, authentic italian food and great service! Very friendly staff and a warm, luxurious atmosphere. This is by far my favorite place in Philly!I came here for dinner last night with the BF to take advantage of the Rue La La four course "chef's tasting menu".  While Girasole advertises itself as Italian, the interior feels as Italian as the homes of the Real Housewives of New Jersey: overly decorated to the point of gaudy.  However, I was impressed that the hostess was fluent in Italian, and I tried to converse with her with the modicum of Italian I remember from studying abroad.  Anyway, both of us were excited for the menu.
The menu actually consisted of five courses: an amuse-bouche, appetizer, pasta, entree, and dessert, plus a glass of prosecco.  All of the food was pretty decent, but the menu did have some peaks and valleys.  The best part of the menu was the Gnocchi con Stracchino, which was beyond perfect.  The gnocchi was tender and stuffed with stracchino cheese in a delicious, savory plum tomato sauce.  Simply the best I've had in a long time, and way better than the Tagliatelle al Ragu, which was overcooked and pretty ordinary (and made with store-bought pasta).  The other courses were on the whole pretty good, but nothing to rave about.  I was disappointed, however, with the dessert.  The lemon ricotta cheesecake was dry, crumbly, and burnt.  It paled in comparison to the apple crisp, which by itself wasn't that much of a dessert to begin with.
I had no other complaints or raves about the service or ambiance.  I will say, however, that for a "chef's tasting menu", I expected more adventurous fare than chicken or salmon (especially when there's steak, octopus, and veal on the menu).  Overall, this place is ok if you're in Center City, but there are much better options for upscale Italian in Philly.I have to say it's never surprising to walk into an Italian restaurant with pompous Italian opera forcing a facade of sophistication and receive terrible food to match.
To start we ordered the buffalo mozzarella which is 'made fresh'. Our portion came out of a refrigerator and was pure ricotta half way though. That's two counts against one dish: ice cold mozzarella that turns back into cheese curds when you try to cut into it.
My girlfriend got a salad and asked for oil and vinegar on the side. These guys forgot the vinegar, so the salad was flavored pure olive oil.  It's the small things that lets you know you're at a restaurant which has given up and not checking to see that both oil and vinegar are represented for a salad is one of those things.
I ordered a spaghetti carbonara with 'home made' pasta.  I don't even know why I'd waste everybody's time describing all the wrong things about this dish so I'll summarize: it was cooked with soggy store bought pasta and served unapologetically bland.
These guys have to know they are phoning it in, though, as the place was emptier than Donald Trump's promises.  To conclude I have to say I'd have a very different tone if they had charged prices appropriate for their quality- I'll do research at a local mall food court and see what Sbarro is charging.This is a little restaurant a little off the beaten path. If you like good Italian food (meat, cheese and pasta), this is a good place to eat. The menu did not have much on it for a vegetarian, so I asked the chef if I could have steamed vegetables. I received a huge plate with four different vegetables beautifully cooked.  (Hey, Girasole, add something like that to your menu!).  My friend had one of the appetizers for her meal, and it was just the perfect size; it was a filet mignon something or other, and she was very pleased with it. My three-star rating is due in part to the willingness of the restaurant to accommodate my vegetable request. 
The service (shout out to Rebecca) was great. The atmosphere was nice and quiet, I'd even say somewhat romantic.  The place is small, and the lighting could be brighter so I could have read the menu and my bill.  Our seat at the booth in the far corner was limp and saggy and in dire need of repair.  I think the price was high, but I could not read my bill, so I am not certain of that!  I believe we paid 80+ for two glasses of wine, an appetizer and my steamed vegetables. 
All in all an ok place to visit.  The bottom line is that the atmosphere and the quality of the food probably make up for the price, dim lights and flimsy booth.Made reservations for a large party for dinner on a Saturday night. The manager called to confirm the night before and made all accommodations for food/drinks. On the way over we were notified they didn't have our reservation anymore and that 'open table' must have canceled it. No apologies no remorse or attempt to accommodate us when they clearly were at fault- was left scrambling looking to find a last minute restaurant that would take such a large party of 15 as everyone was driving in. Needless to say would never step foot here again.Better places out there than this in Philly...I went here on a Saturday night and was extremely disappointed by the food and staff for such a pricey place in center city.  Granted it was a busy night, but I did not expect such poor service from a nice looking place like this.  The crowd seemed elderly and there were few kids besides our table.  We felt ignored for most of the night.  I had to ask for my beer and son's apple juice twice before getting it 20 minutes later.  We did not get our order placed for at least 30-40 minutes and the staff just seemed very overwhelmed and frazzled.  Either they were understaffed or they weren't giving us much attention.  The pasta dishes we tried were so-so.  We were here for almost 2 hours.  When the bill came, we had to give the normal tip for tables with more than 8 people.  I wish that rule could be changed.  On top of that...prior to running the credit cards, the manager came over and said they forgot to charge some additional drinks to our bill.  So they added a few more drinks to the bill and reprinted it.  I don't know how you screw that up prior to placing the drink order, but it was hard for us to tell if it was accurate because of the larger group.  To me, that is horrible customer service.  Either you own up to the mistake before presenting the bill or just forget about it.My husband and I ate at Girasole prior to going to the orchestra.  On the bright side, it is a BYO so you can sometimes bring your own wine, which we did for our 5:30 reservation.  Despite that it is only BYO during certain hours (after 8 p.m. on weekends, which we did not know), they allowed us to drink the bottle of wine we brought.  The server was also very nice.  However, the food left much to be expected.  Our eggplant appetizer came out wrapped in plastic wrap and smothered with red sauce.  I tried to cut it for quite a while, before realizing that it was covered in plastic wrap.  I ordered gnocchi, which was quite bland in white sauce.  My husband's smoked salmon pasta also left much to be desired.  The kitchen was very slow.  Despite that the restaurant was not very crowded at that time, it took an hour for our entrees to be served.  Seriously, food wrapped in plastic wrap and then smothered with red sauce??  That should never happen, unless the kitchen staff is on drugs.  It made me wonder what else goes on in that kitchen.  I think Girasole would be a prime candidate for Restaurant Makeover!First off we were a party of four and had gotten there a little early. They would not serve us drinks at all but made us wait for our table. They had two heaters going on but that did not matter as the place was freezing cold. The girls had to eat with their coats on. 
Drinks were a joke, what they had listed as a specialty drink they did not have the makings. My friend asked for something which he saw at the bar but they said they did not have that either. When we finally received drinks mine was so watered down I wondered if it had any alcohol in it at all. 
The appetizers were small portions and cold. The food when it came out was just so so and the serving sizes were proportioned to feed a small child. I could go on and on but you get the general gist of what I am saying. 
Definitely NOT recommended at all!!I went to Girasole because my co-worker and I found a Groupon Now, ignoring the low rating I saw on Yelp (we had a 2pm meeting and Girasole was close!) I was expecting an OK lunch at best and instead we had a fantastic, seriously delicious, lunch! We both ordered from the prix fixe menu - I got the caprese salad and gnocci, my co-worker got the smoked salmon appetizer and the salmon, with plans to share everything. The caprese was INCREDIBLE - the best mozzerella cheese I have ever tasted, creamy and fluffy and just wow. Just great. Ditto for the smoked salmon and the gnocci (just enough sauce, great with the optional parmesan and fresh black pepper) and the salmon was only OK, but my friend liked it.
At the end of the lunch we were told we couldn't use the Groupon because we got the prix fixe, but it was so good we literally didn't care. We payed with Level Up and saved a few dollars that way. It seems like a lot of the reviews are about service and were written about meals eaten on holiday evenings, so maybe Girasole just isn't good at managing their serving staff... though our server was gracious, helpful and funny. For a workday lunch, I highly recommend it!Very understaffed on a Saturday night, long wait for drinks and small portions of mediocre food at best.  Sat at the bar for 20 minutes waiting on our reserved table and was never acknowledged to order a drink.  When the bartender finally looked my way, I asked for a drink and was told the table was ready, which it wasn't.  Kitchen VERY slow and they weren't even that busy.  I felt sorry for our waiter that was really trying.  When we complained to a grouchy female manager at the end about the long wait, she actually argued with us and told us if we didn't like it to not tip the waiters!!   We tipped him generously and we told him what she said.....he said said he was "done with this place", and so are we.I came here for a bachelorette dinner and the service and food was top notch!  I would highly recommend this restaurant!I was disappointed in this place. We went here on new years eve, the place was not entirely booked, yet the service stunk. Took a long time to get one round of drinks, 45 minutes to get the first course. 30 more to get the next (after done) and they didn't come around to ask if we wanted more to drink.
The food was ok. I had the gnocchi & a seafood dish. I've had better.The previous ratings are pretty accurate.  The food was ok...portions small, everything is ala carte, so don't expect a vegetable one potato with en entre.  Service was below average...very hurried, not real friendly...seemed like everyone had a bit of an attitude.  Expensive for what you get unless you like a lot of attitude!The food was good, got the gnocci. However nothing stellar and the wine list is pretty short. Honestly, nothing great to say but also nothing bad. For the price you may as well go to another similarly priced resturant elsewhere.I usually don't write reviews but I bought the TravelZoo deal and then read some reviews which sounded a bit harsh.  I was pleasantly surprised.  We had a lovely meal this evening, the food was delicious and the service was prompt and friendly. Yes, they wrote the total value at the bottom of the bill, but I wasn't offended. I wasn't keeping a tally in my head so it was a helpful reference  and I am sure they get some cheapskates looking to leave as little as possible.The reviews for this place are all over the place. Some loved it and some had horrible things to say. I decided to give it a shot and come to my own conclusion. 
Yes, the place was empty on a Friday night. But the service, food and experience was great. The burrata cheese with roasted beets app was absolutely delicious.  My friend & I both ordered pasta and enjoyed our meals so much, we both ate every last morsel, so I think it's safe to say we enjoyed our experience. I is a bit on the expensive side though.Food is consistently good!  It's quiet so a great place to converse with others.  Cavatelli with sausage cooked just perfect and salmon very moist.Girasole is apparently an Italian word meaning "descent into hell".  This was the absolute worst restaurant experience I have ever had in a long life of eating out.  Having made a reservation 2 weeks before our arrival, when we arrived, the kind hostess told us that we were welcome to eat at the bar.  When I told her that would not suffice she went to the back worked her magic and returned to offer us the same seats at the bar.  She had a party of four coming in half an hour and couldn't give us their table.  When I asked her why she hadn't held our table with the same courtesy, she looked confused so I asked to see the manager.  Again she went away and came back without manager to tell us we could wait at the bar for a table in a few minutes.  So fine...off to the bar.
My wife asks the bartender what kind of white wine they have. "Cabernet and Merlot", she replies.  Once we clarified the obvious, we opted for the Chardonnay, 1 choice poured from a 1.5 liter bottle that had never seen the joys of refrigeration.  Terrible cheap bar wine, Liberty Creek Chard, $6.99/1.5 liters at the store.  When our table was ready and we had to move over I got the check to settle up...$13 per glass for rot gut!
Food not good...Tasmanian Salmon?  Bolognese Sauce made with "light meat"?  The waitress thought I was rude for inquiring.  We got Carpaccio and it was cooked?
Went to the Men's room and it literally looked like some dude had pissed on the wall behind the urinal, huge puddle of piss on the floor and no one seemed to care.  Told the bus boy...he thought it was funny.
Stars?  No Stars.  If Stars were turds they'd be getting dozens.
A day letter and we seem to have survived but, really, genuinely, with all my heart, do not go.I thoroughly enjoyed the salmon and roasted potatoes. The cocktails were not quite what I thought they would be, and my blood orange margarita was more like a martini. The waiter couldn't have been more accommodating and personable- he was wonderful. We enjoyed our dinner and the dessert special that night. It's definitely a quieter atmosphere, good for a date or small group .My friend and I ate here because we were going to see Bethenny Frankel at the Merriem Theather, and this restaurant is very close.  It was restaurant week as well, so that was a bonus.
Food was ok, would not rush back, but Service was amazing!  And everyone was speaking Italian to each other! It sounded beautiful!
One thing I also did not like....plastic chairs..just did not go with the decor of the restaurant...and every time you moved, they felt they were going to break.I don't know that I necessarily would have sought this place out had I not had a Groupon, but I'm glad that I did. 
Came on a Tuesday night and no joke, it was completely empty. A friend and I ordered:
Insalata Formaggi: arugula salad with walnuts, pears and cheese
Pappardelle: with olive oil, garlic and porcini mushrooms
Penne: with a creamy tomato sauce, spinach and salmon
Everything was fantastic, although the salad portion was on the small side. The pasta doubled as lunch for the next day too, which is always a win in my book.
Not sure what it is about the location/vibe of this place that makes me feel like I don't reaaaaally wanna go back, but I probably will because the pasta was exceptional.Girasole has some of the best gnocchi I have ever had(if not the best)!  For that alone I give it at least 4 stars!  The veal dish I had was melt in your mouth good.  
Yes, the interior is gaudy, but those cheesy gold couches are snuggly! 
The service is not to my liking, but it's not bad.  The women are pushy and the men seem nervous and/or laid-back.We arrived and were politely greeted by a young bartender/waiter.  We were curious ask the restaurant was empty but thought it was early - we went at 6. The menu is limited we both ordered pasta dishes. The food was decent - not bad not great. It was sort of creepy, gaudy, loud Italian music and no one there. We won't be back.We were a bit skeptical after reading the reviews but dinner exceeded our expectations.  The staff was inviting, accommodating and very friendly.  The restaurant was a bit loud but I believe the party of 6 that we were was causing most of that loudness.  Our meals were well prepared and very tasty, the pasta was incredible.   The gravy was fantastic and very authentic with chunks of tomato, basil and garlic.  
Overall we had a great experience and we will return.We had July 4 dinner here with the family (4 people total). The homemade pasta was delicious! However, the chocolate mouse (mouse al cioccolato) tasted like butter frosting my mother made when I was a kid for my birthday cake. I helped her to make it that is why I know she used butter, cocoa powder, confectionery sugar, and 2% milk for her infamous "butter frosting". With a classy Italian restaurant such as this one, why was the "homemade desert" made like butter frosting? You could see the little coagulated clumps of confectionery sugar in the chocolate mouse. That cost $9 and was not worth the money. On a good note - the torta di mele (apple tort) was scrumptious and made from scratch!I purchased a Travelzoo voucher that my mother and I used on May 31, after we spent a few hours at the Philadelphia Museum of Art.  Two entres, apps and glasses of wine for $59, a $124 value.  I assumed we were going to have a nice meal but it wasn't a very good experience.  
Girasole wanted the Travelzoo voucher printed out but I thought I was being slick by giving them my phone to scan but they made an exception for us. 
Although there was only one other occupied table in the restaurant, our waitress kept coming over to the table asking us what we wanted, every 2 minutes.   I'm not exaggerating.  We made it clear that we were relaxing and just wanted to take our time but she would not let us.   
We had glasses of chardonnay and pino grigio.  Both were tasty. I had the calamari which was okay and my Mom had the cheese plate which was very good.  My Mom had pasta with crab that she enjoyed. I had the tuna with leeks and sun dried tomatoes which was bland and nothing special.  I was disappointed but that wasn't the worst part of this meal.  
Our bill came with "$140 Value" hand written in dark ink at the top of it.   We gave no indication that we weren't going to tip on the full value.   This was especially annoying because the full value was $104 because my Mom's entree was one of the lower priced dishes.   I guess our server assumed that we couldn't do simple math
I tipped on $124 but I wish I hadn't.  The service didn't even merit a tip on $59.   Even if the service had been better, the food is mediocre and over priced, so I cannot recommend this restaurant.We ended up at Girasole last night because of its prime location three blocks down from the Academy where we were seeing a 9:30 show.  They have a great location just off Broad Street, in the bottom of the Symphony House.  You could definitely walk right by the place and not even realize it.
Pros:
-  Very glitzy, shiny decor.  I felt like I was somewhere in the Borgata in A.C.  Everything looks very new - I believe they recently moved to this location from somewhere on 13th Street?
-  Great food:  their insalada mista is tasty and beautifully presented, and my dad got their their mozzarella, beets, and tomatoes - he said it was the best mozzarella he had ever had!  It tasted so fresh and it had flavor unlike any other mozzarella I've tried.  For entrees, my mom got the gnocchi which she loved, I had the risotto with fresh seafood (mussels, shrimp and fresh calamari), dad got the "seafood bruschetta," and my sister had the salmon.  On the menu it warned that the risotto takes 20 minutes to prepare, but we did not have to wait at all after our appetizers were cleared, and it was cooked to perfection, not too mushy.  The seafood bruschettta is a really neat idea - two pieces of toasted Italian bread with "frutti di mare" in a light white wine sauce.  
-  The restaurant itself is on the smaller side, and they have the tables set up very nicely so you aren't on top of the table next to you.  It was more of an intimate atmosphere and very appealing.
Cons:
-  The bar is literally right in front of you when you walk in the door.  We weren't sure where to go to be seated and it's a little too close.  We didn't sit down at the bar for a drink, but I'm sure those seats in front of the door are the last to go because you are practically outside.
-  The service was a little bit pushy.  Pushy isn't really even the right word.  It just seemed like our waitress would have preferred to be anywhere else but there.  She did a great job, everything came out perfectly, and she was quick, she just didn't do the warm and fuzzy thing I guess.  Our check was also dropped right away with the coffee, which seemed a little premature.  
I wish I knew more about the history of Girasole, and how long it's been in this location.  I was surprised that there weren't any additional reviews on here.  The crowd was fairly diverse among age groups, and everyone seemed to have a nice time.  There is a lot of seafood on the menu, so if that's what you're looking for, I would definitely check Girasole out!  They have some outdoor tables as well.Girasole did me a solid, so I will focus on the positives. The place is really sharp. From the gold plates to the sleek wood bar, somebody with good taste decorated, and you will be impressed as soon as you walk in. 
Very generous wine pour, get yourself a nice glass of red, you will not be disappointed. 
Girasole took me and my companions in when restaurant week left us shut out of a couple other places. They were not very busy which I took as a bad sign, but I did enjoy my meal. I had a nice pasta dish with sweet sausage. It was not the best I have had in Center City, but it was tasty. my wife had the Girasole Chicken. She was a little taken back, that the mixed vegetables were actually a medley of peppers covering the breast. 
Girasole was a positive experience for me, (Whispering) since my wife did not like her food, i doubt I will be back soon.We come for the burrata ...  and for the feeling we are like their family! Seriously this is the ultimate in family cooking but with class. Having just come back from a week
In Positano where burrata is king, the melt in your mouth mozzarella at Girasole tonight was fabulous. 
And the ravioli special has homemade pasta so light and fluffy I could have eaten two portions. 
A jewel on the Avenue of the Arts here in Philly.  Sometimes a bit too quiet , I hear that     their special pizza oven arrives soon and crowds will follow and I know that our host Michelle will smiling even more!This place was AMAZING
Food was great and the service was even better. Appetizers were great, entree's were great and our server Rob was the best part, he was the most professional server I've ever had. 
We are def heading back to this place.After running a few minutes late my mom and I arrived.
We walked into a dim lighting and slightly gaudi furniture. We laughed about the gold couches but they were quite comfy.
Since we had a groupon we were given a  complimentary app ( capresse salad) in house made fresh mozzarella , vine ripened tomatoes and balsamic.
We glanced over the menu and I decided on a glass of montepulciano (moms is anti -booze) . The wine list by the glass isn't large but they have some good options. I do  think the glasses were over priced a tad.
Starters - formaggi salad with pears and walnuts. The peppery arugla was the perfect match. 
I opted for the papperdalle with artichokes . The pasta had the family made feel and the sauce was garlicy( just the way I like it)
mom decided on the chattari pasta with seafood she liked it but said she would have enjoyed it more if the pasta thinner ( ie angel hair)
the food was good the reason for the 3 stars was service. Spotty at times for a portion of the nite our server was Mia- it took a while for our dishes to be cleared and for the dessert to come(delish by the way apple tarte cross between bread pudding and a tarte).
I would probabaly have dinner here again. But not on a weekend nite . I'm sure service was a little below average because of the day.
A- for food
C for service
this place averages a B- still on the honor rollWorst dining experience ever.
If we could give negative stars for an overall rating, Girasole would have gotten MINUS 5.  I am a soft-spoken person who has never felt the need to say something to a manager until my boyfriend and I ate here last Saturday.  
They ran out of two main ingredients (standard ingredients for a mojito) which they neglected to tell us twice when ordering drinks.  
Our waitress did not bring us our entrees - they must have been food runners who brought  them out- nor did she check on us until we were more than half way through our meal so I did not get to tell her that my side dish never came.  No apology until she was walking away.  Keep in mind that it was not busy whatsoever for a Saturday night and the food is absolutely nothing special. 
We have a Chequemate card which GUARANTEES 25% off the bill SEVEN days a week at this restaurant.  They would not take it because it was a Saturday (absolutely wrong because the website says seven days a week) - and the manager berated me with questions as to why I never said anything about my side dish (as if it was my fault that it never came).  She would not do anything for us to compensate.  She was extremely rude (I was totally baffled by her lack of customer service).  She flat out said "don't leave a tip" in order to compensate for their mistakes.  For the first time in my life - I did not leave a tip.  The manager can explain why to the waitress.  
HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE.Hadn't been here since they moved to this new location. Food was delicious as always. And the service was great as well. One of my favorite restaurants in Center City.Beware!  We had a reservation at 6:00 and told our waiter that we had a show at 8:00, two blocks away.  Seemed like plenty of time....At 7:45, after many requests and promises that the food would be right out, we still had not been served.  We received no apology, no offer to comp us our drinks, no nothing.  We left without any dinner.  Needless to say, we will not be back.Terrible, pricey and bad service. We had a party of 6 with us for a Friday night dinner and the experience was horrible. The place was practically empty and there was only 2 other tables that had people seated. We ordered drinks and the waiter (who may have been the owner) brought out the drinks one by one as he took the order. Very weird. There were 2 other waiters standing around not doing anything when they could have easily helped bring the drinks out at once. Then to top it off, when he took the food orders he forgot to take my father in laws order. We then waited for at least 50 minutes to get our food! The waiter said it takes a long time because the pasta is made fresh. I'm sorry but I've been to many many restaurants when the pasta is fresh and it doesn't take this long to get the food out. It's not like the pasta is hand made as you order it! Now we get to the taste of the food. Many people who got the pasta did say it was fresh and tasty which is good, but mine which was the most expensive $28 salmon was the worst! It came out with no sides so I had to order a side of $9 home style potatoes which was burnt to the max with no taste at all. I never add salt to anything and I had to spice it up so at least I can eat the 5 little potato wedges that were overcooked. Now to the salmon, it was drenched with heavy balsamic vinegar and cold!!! I couldn't believe it. I was so surprised that with these prices the food would be so underwhelming and the service to be so poor. Overall summary don't go here!I bought a Groupon for this place,  and decided to have an earlier dinner with my boyfriend since I was in the area. The place was empty we waited awhile for waitress to appear. She seated us in the back of the restaurant away from society. She never gave us water refills. Our food portions were small and left our starving bellies hungry, the food itself was just fine and overpriced. Nothing special. A crowd finally showed up and they kept staring us as if we were a museum display. Oh yeah the lamps look like anuses. Seriously, look inside.Let me tell you right from the start, I did not even eat at this place. I walked in, Hostess was rude, and no one else working there seemed to care. We still sat, the server was about as caring about our presence as the hostess.
We left. I believe if you have such a staff that thinks because they work in a restaurant in a building with million dollar condos and have watched too many movies about arrogant people with wealth that they think they should behave accordingly, who wants to eat there?
All I can say is WOW! what a hole with Atlantic City gaudy design and a pathetic and annoying staff.  I lost my appetite, and went over to Ruth Chris to get it back.We've been to Girasole in Atlantic City so many times that we had high hopes for the Philadelphia location.  Not impressed.  We started at the bar since we were early for our reservation.  The extra dirty vodka martinis were delicious.  So yummy we had a 2nd one before heading to the table to feast.  The food was delicious but the menu is less than half the size of the AC location so be prepared if there is something you really like at the AC location and it's not on the Philly menu.  My partner ordered a port wine for dessert and it tasted rancid.  And then the kick in the balls came when we got the bill and they charged us $23 for each of those martinis we had at the bar!  Sorry won't be back to Girasole Philadelphia.  Over priced martinis and rancid port wine do not make a good first impression!I was almost afraid to eat here due to the mixed reviews, but I had already purchased a groupon and figured I had to go anyway.  I am so glad I did!  The food was delicious.  We started out with the eggplant appetizer which had eggplant, zucchini, basil and was covered in a red sauce.  It was really tasty.  We even asked for more bread to dip in the sauce.  I ordered the homemade tagliatelle with shrimp and arugula in a tomato sauce.  Again, delicious!  Then my fiancé had the gnocchi, which was so tender and the sauce was cheesy and flavorful.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant.  The food was seriously so good and the service was good as well!  I hope to be back soon!I came here with a big group for a birthday dinner. As some of the other reviews said we were basically the only people there and it was a Saturday night... in downtown philly? kind of weird. The service was slow. We kept having to ask for water refills and more oil for the bread which isnt a big deal- except there were no other patrons AND we are paying over $20 a plate. The food itself was pretty delicious. The caprese was fresh and delicious. We shared 2 pastas but I forgot the names. One was great the other was good. I liked the food but with a $20+ price tag on a smallish plate of homemade pasta, well...UPDATE: Still a 1 star restaurant simply for giving credit that someone would have the initiative to open their own business which I am all for having in society.
BUT, worst place, rude help, still have the same opinion of this place. Walked in to get a drink, to see if things changed, at the front bar when you first walk in to the tacky and gruesome looking place and guess what, BAM! same ole "We are in the Symphony House therefore you should be thankful we would serve your kind" attitude.
So many better and finer restaurants then some ridiculous circus show of a restaurant. They are nicer to you at the McDonalds Drive-thru.I have never had a meal here that I did not like. The filet carpaccios are all so delicious and everything they serve is always extremely fresh. I will admit, the service can be a little iffy at times but if you find your favorite sever (which I have), it makes for a much better experience. It is the kind of place where, unfortunately, they are going to take care of their regulars including the symphony house residents. However, the wine is always generous and the food is always how you would like it cooked. Last night, I ordered a side of spinach and it was absolutely the best spinach I've ever had and that was just a side!! My favorite pasta dish is the gnocci, homemade and melt in your mouth! 
I liked this place SO much, I had my wedding reception there in September. It was perfect, the staff was graceful and kept all of our guests happy and at the end, when of course we didn't get to eat much, they made my husband and I our own meal to enjoy.
One more thing, dessert! Make sure you leave room for the ricotta cheese cake!
Wondering why this got 5 stars despite the iffy service? Because the overall experience and food quality out weighs any not-so-friendly face handing me my food!I will definitely not be back here and do not recommend it to anyone.
We came here for restaurant week lunch, the reservation was unable to be increased online to four people and the restaurant was empty except for one other couple.... The first thing I noticed was that several of the dishes I came here for on the online restaurant week menu was not being offered on the menu. 
We got the beef carpaccio and tuna carpaccio to start. The tuna carpaccio was incredibly fishy and made me suspicious that it was not even raw grade fish. The beef carpaccio was mostly flavorless.
I had the farfalle with a salmon rose sauce for my entree. It was edible but tasted similar to a lazy pasta dinner at home with a jar of pasta sauce and dried pasta from the grocery store.
The dessert was a watered down grainy cheese cake that probably came from the freezer that morning. Yikes.One of the best Italian restaurants I've been to thus far. Fresh imported ingredients in the heart of center city, perfect pre theatre establishment as well as a casual get together. Don't be surprised if you hear a lot of Italian speaking servers we actually enjoyed they accent and preferred it. Excellent tuna carpaccio, homemade pasta was a delicious middle course addition and herb/salt baked Bronzino was table side de boned and served piping hot! Excellent wine choices and fabulous service!It was my fault that I even bothered to check out a 3 star restaurant. Upon arriving, it took me 3 tries to find the right door. Just unlock all the doors or have signs so that a diner can find the correct door immediately. Otherwise you just look stupid silly pulling on door handles. Menu was smaller than what was displayed online. Probably 2/3 smaller. I ordered veal. Waiter didn't even apologize he just said NO. NO VEAL. Thanks. I may look young but I don't need to be scolded for your short comings. Bread was served ice cold and olive oil was tasteless. Please  save your time and don't even come here. I'm writing this review before my food even comes out.
EDIT
now that the food has arrived im more than willing to give this place a 0. Beef carpaccio didn't taste like beef. Bland flavorless. Beef lacked the quality of a beef used for carpaccio. Tuna carpaccio was a complete crime. Fishy tuna was disgusting. Again low grade low quality. So disappointing.
EDIT EDIT
got my entré. You can look at my picture. Looks like a kids meal. Lol. Also since they didn't want to turn on the heat for 2 peopl, they had outdoor heat lamps indoor which was held together my duct tape (see picture). Talk about safety.The service here is unbelievably bad! We went last night (Tuesday) for a pre-theatre dinner. There were 3 other tables with couples. The 3 young women waitstaff spent most of their time standing around the bar texting and talking to each other. They asked for our order without telling us the specials, and when I asked, she rolled her eyes and then asked another server who went to the kitchen to check. When I asked for clarification about a special, she scolded, "I just told you!" in an exasperated voice. After they brought our food, they never once checked back to see if we were ok or needed anything. I'm not even going to mention the food, because the service was really the worst I have had in Center City. Note to owner...fire those women and get some real waitstaff before they drive you out of business. Great location won't carry these poor excuses for servers. I don't go out to be ignored and rudely treated when I ask a question. Shame on you!Didn't have the first two items on their menu that we asked for including our wine choice. Service was quite slow. Bread basket was terrible. Not going back. Far too expensive for the quality.horrible food to eat, bad service
mamma miaMy wife and I went here for our anniversary dinner last night, and when we left we both agreed that Girasole deserved a good review. 
It was a small place, with a large circular bar in front and a dining room only about 20x30ft or so. We asked for (and received) the cozy booth in the corner of the place to get some breathing room from the other tables. I'm usually a bit concerned to walk into a fancy restaurant with a Groupon in hand, for fear of being looked at like a nuisance or a loss to a house. But there wasn't the usual hint of resentment you'd expect when we presented it. The server was very nice, but also cool-headed and relaxed in his job role. He informed us that because we brought the Groupon, the house offered a complimentary plate of hors d' oeuvres--our choice of a selection cheeses or charcuterie. We went for the cheeses, which included walnuts, thinly sliced pear, marmalade and balsamic reduction. All of the (5) cheeses were great, especially a dry, sharp cheese that had a strong infusion of truffle. My wife got a bad pour of wine (perhaps from a bottle that had been open a day too long) which our server courteously replaced with a fresh glass from a new bottle without us having to make a big fuss about it. 
As an appetizer we shared the Carpaccio Girasole, which, unlike any carpaccio I've had before, was heated gently under a broiler for about 15 seconds, served warm while still very rare. It worked. It was topped with perfectly blanched asparagus/artichoke slices, and truffle oil with a dusting of fresh black pepper and shavings of really nice parmesan cheese. This one made me close my eyes in a few moments of meditative enjoyment.
For entrées, I had the gnocchi and my wife got the seafood rissoto, which I also tasted. The gnocchi were great, easily the best I've had in the city, but the seafood rissoto was PERFECTLY executed on every level, with the shrimp, calamari and baby clams all perfectly cooked and the rice served at a perfect al dente (a lot of chefs seem to think this means slightly crunchy in the center--it doesn't).
We were very pleased with every aspect of our night here. Would recommend to anyone who likes Italian food. Or anyone who has taste buds.We went out searching for some authentic italian food and we weren't disappointed. This place  has a cozy but elegant decor.  The staff was really cordial, and extremely professional.  We started with cocktails at the bar, then moved into the dining room.  At each step we were mire and more impressed.  From their signature drinks to the hand made pastas, everything was superb.  Even the desserts are made in house.  I went with friends, but will return with my boyfriend.  Can't wait, in fact I think I'll make the reservation now.Had a great martini for a mere $10! Sat at the bar at 10pm on a Friday after a night at the Philadelphia Theater Company around the corner and service was wonderful. I can't say anything about food, but I would go for a drink again for sure!My 1st note is as a disclaimer - this was a serendipitous visit with friends on New Years' Eve - which of course is the worst night to go out. 
The food was okay, but the very poor service overshadowed what was an otherwise lovely evening.  You'd think that a table of 4 that were clearly drinking and ordering 2 courses each, would elicit some sort of positive behavior to earn a good tip - Unfortunately, they got the tip, but we didn't get the service.
Of particular note:
1) The female bartender/ cum buser, was arrogant, dismissive and even sarcastic.  She clearly didn't want to be there and took it out on the patrons. Her attitude was apparent as soon as we ordered drinks at the bar (prior to moving to a table) where she was helping the waitstaff.
She really had no right to be nasty  - especially because we were a pretty laid back group - and I will likely never step foot in this establishment again due to her.
2) Dirty/empty glasses and plates were not removed, and when I asked for them to take away a course worth of dishes (after 35 minutes of staring at them,) and to refill the water glasses, she tapped my water glass with the tip of her finger and said  "there's your water glass "- It took another 10 minutes to get my wish. During the 45 minutes of sitting there no one approached our table for any reason...to ask, to inform - NADA.
3) The server was very confused - period.
This place could be good if Management cleans house and demands a competent, friendly and solicitous staff.We used to like Girasole and the food is still good, but the service is execrable and has gotten worse, to the point where I doubt we will ever go back. We waited at our table (and it's a small restaurant) for 45 minutes before anyone even approached us. We had to ask for a wine list, bread, napkins and, ultimately the check. While waiting, we actively searched on Open Table for another place to go, but it was late on a Saturday night, so no luckWe must have been to a different Girasosole than the one experienced by the other reviewers.  Went there for dinner before a show at the Wilma.  The service was excellent, the servers were friendly and well informed.  I had a beautiful and delicious Carpaccio Girasole wtih asparagus and baby artichokes; my husband's calamari was tender and tasty.  My main course-- chicken and fresh spinach-- was perfectly cooked as was his farfalle with smoked salmon.  His Malbec was not the best we've tasted and his chocolate mousse was a little too sweet.  My lemon ricotta cake was perfect.  (And the bathrooms positively sparkled.)  We finished our dinner with time to spare and had a lovely time.I usually don't write reviews but I had to for girasole,we are returning customers in AC and Philadelphia. The restaurant is unique and fabulous and offers the best italian kitchen in this day and age still haven't found food that pleasses like girasole (both locations) Really I was just taken by the two very negative reviews written this just can't be the one thing the staff isn't is rude ever,ever in either locations. Although people do read yelp and also realize that the two bad reviews are from people who just reviewed girasole funny,hugh must be a really mad ex server or competitor I assume. For someone with a pallet a good one Girasole will not disappoint.Food was very fresh and tasted wonderful. They made a gluten free dish with shrimp - I would definitely order again. 
We were surprised when we walked in at 7pm on a Saturday night and there was one couple and lots of empty tables - so don't worry about reservations. 
I tasted the cheesecake (not sure if it's gluten-free or not) and it was light and fluffy. I am used to a heavy, creamy cheesecake, but this was very good.I want to like Girasole, I really do.  But every time we go there, they treat us like we are interrupting them.  Last night, we wanted to get a drink and a bite to eat.  We were seated at the bar and then ignored for fifteen minutes.  When we got up to go, the owner (maybe?) tried to stop us by telling us that the bar was not really a bar.  (What?)  He said it was a place where their diners waited until they were seated for dinner.  But there were five other people at the bar and they had all been served drinks.....and we were there to drink and eat....it was all so awkward and confusing....but this is not the first time....although it may be our last time....Food was good but very very slow service.  I do not think it was our waiters fault.  We had a 6:00 reservation for an 8:00 show, which they knew, and we ended up inhaling our pasta which was delivered at 7:35 and running down Broad Street to the theatre.  We made it by one minute.  And, the mixed drinks aren't served cold, which I hate.  I ordered a Cosmopolitan which I sent back and asked them to shake with ice.  Why wouldn't they do that automatically?  Big negative for me.  I'm not sure I'm going back to Girasole.This would have been 2 stars except the dessert was perfect.  Came her for the groupon 4 course tasting, 2 for 1 for $50. Well, I'm glad it was only $50...left hungry and needing some FLAVOR!  
Bruchetta was VG.  Appetizer was Roasted Peppers (VG), and some bland mushrooms in broth (BLECH, awful).  Primi was Gnocci (OK) and Linguini in bolognase (Flavorless).  Entrees were Salmon and Leeks (awful bland) and sausage and Brocoolli rabe (better, but still way too bland).  Dessert was Limoncello, ricotta cheesecake and chocolate mousse, all heavenly.
It was way too hot, and the chairs terribly uncomfortable.    Service was Very Good.
Will not be back...even though it was OK.  There were certainly things on the menu that looked very good....this but a Chef's Tasting is NOT a Prix Fixe.....it should have knocked our socks off.
(Ok, I can't bring myself to give it 3 stars....2.5 stars)The wife and I used to frequent Girasole before they moved and hadn't been there in years. So when I saw a deal on travel zoo I snapped it up. We went on Saturday night 5/17/14, but before heading over I checked yelp and thought oh no I may have made a mistake. There were no ratings over 3 stars, but the wife said let's go and I'm happy we did. 
The deal was 2 apps 2 entrees and 2 glasses of wine. We shared the Frittura Mista, fried shrimp and calamari it was light and tasty. The other app was Burrata Italiano (a softer tastier form of mozzarella) with tomatoes and pesto, was out of this world!! My entrée was homemade hot and sweet Italian sausage with broccoli rabe and cannellini beans was fabulous!! The misses enjoyed her sliced prime sirloin with arugula and shaved parmigiano reggiano. The wine was very good as well I had the Montepulciano and the little lady had the Sangiovese.
The staff were friendly and attentive especially our waiter Michael (I believe was his name). The menu was small as was the dining room, but our dinner was 5 stars good and we look forward to returning soon.
P.S. Keep the steamed veggies off the menu!!My husband & I had dinner there last night - arrived at 6 to have a leisurely meal. We were served 4 courses & coffee in 45 minutes. A waiter filled my wine glass with water , they did offer more wine but not until after I was half through my coffee. I ordered pasta w/ smoked salmon--pasta was ok but I think they forgot salmon. I wouldn't go there again.Best Italian restaurant around. They are from Italy, been here for about 30 years, cheeses imported from Italy. Gnocchi is where it is at. Simply delicious, best I have ever had. She also makes a homemade desert. Will e back and will send people here if they want Italian.The very best Italian food in Philadelphia. The freshest Bronzino and veal with tagliatelle and eggplant parmigiana and top off dinner with their apple torte. Great wine selection and Franco is a welcoming host with his wife as chef. We eat there at least once a week before concerts, theater or just for the evening  
Lynn and JoeI went here with a friend for restaurant week and was thoroughly disappointed. The anticipation that I felt leading up to go here, had my pallet waiting to be overjoyed however; it was the complete opposite. First of all, we walked into the restaurant and it was virtually empty. Seeing as though it was pretty empty you would think that service would be swift, not so. I ended up being late going back to work because of the slothfulness of the staff.
My gf ordered a pasta dish that was served luke worm, again, have no idea how that happened when we literally were the only people in the restaurant. I ordered a chicken dish which was bland. 
I was completely disappointed and after expressing such to the staff, we got a simple, oh, sorry. I won't be returning here.Let me add to the rather long list of really bad reviews for this place.  I'm not a big fan of online reviews, but this restaurant is such a failure that I feel compelled to warn others.
We ate there on a winter night.  The room is fairly small and every time the front door opened a gush of cold air drops the room's temperature a lot.  Not sure it can be fixed, but some sort of protection between the outside elements and the patrons needs to be devised.  Unless you like eating while wearing your overcoat...which I did.
The service was dreadfully slow.  I was not in a big hurry but 90 minutes went by after clearing the appetizers and still no main course.  We asked our server what was going on.  She dismissed us with a casual, "you're next" reply.  We were not.
The food was Ok, nothing memorable. But the prices are somewhat high. The service is awful. The place is poorly designed for comfort.  Don't go there even if every other restaurant in town is filled.Terrible customer service
On February 17th, we made a reservation through Savored for 8 people at 5:30. My boyfriend and I arrived first for the family birthday dinner. The restaurant was empty except for two elderly ladies. The interior was very gaudy but the waiter who seated us was polite. Unfortunately, everything went downhill after we were seated. A blonde woman approached the table and told us that she had no record of our reservation in their system. We showed her our reservation confirmation on our phone. She informed us that she would not honor our reservation or the discount through Savored. She told us to call Savored and straighten it out. She became loud and irritated when the rest of our party arrived. We asked to speak with the manager. She claimed to be the manager and owner which is very difficult to believe. She didn't care that we had confirmation of our reservation. She kept insisting that we had no reservation and could not help us. It was bizarre that this woman was yelling at us. We couldn't reason with her so we left her in her empty restaurant. We will never return.
 We went to La Viola and enjoyed an amazing meal with exceptional service. I'm not fond of the cash only policy but it was worth it.This was the worst dining experience I have ever had in Philadelphia. We had a 6:00 reservation and got our food at 8:00. Friends who had a performance had to leave without eating. My parpadelle with mushrooms contained four slices of shiitake and about a pinch of tomatoes and water at the bottom of the bowl. No seasoning. We ordered a Pinot on their list but they were out so the waiter just brought another inferior bottle ( same  price) and poured. They comped us the wine and did not charge for our friend's food after we complained but so what!  We wanted a good Saturday night pre performance dinner not bad food and aggravation.