My friend and I agreed that the general tso's chicken was good. it was $5.50 for the lunch special, and the hot and sour soup was good as well.
so for the 3 of us (my boyfriend got sushi), the bill came out to be $27.10, I'd say it's kind of pricey for just chinese food I mean we only ordered:
2 general tso's chicken (each $5.50 cause of lunch special)
3 sushi rolls = $9.25
1 crab rangoon $3.95
the crab rangoon was good but the inside was just warm, not hot. like it was microwaved or something.. and on the menu it said 8 pieces, we got 5 small pieces ! that really irked me. i still don't know how the bill came out to be $27, unless they charged us for water. but overall it was okay.I recently ordered from here. I called what I had thought to be Jin House and ordered my usual General Tso's chicken, vegetable fried rice, egg roll, and wonton soup. When the food arrived it turns out it was from this place and I was quite disappointed. The egg roll barely had anything in it and the so called "vegetable" fried rice was probably the worst item that I had. It probably had two pieces of egg in it and barely had any taste. And on top of it all, the delivery guy was rude and gave me a look of demanding more of a tip. I will not be ordering from here again.I work across the street and am in this fine establishment at least once a week for lunch. They have great specials, quick service, delicious eats, and affordable pricing. The only reason this isn't a 5 star review is because it's often cold in the dining area.Stumbled across this place with some friends when we were walking around the city starving and trying to figure out what we felt like eating.  Not very expensive, and we ended up splitting one of the sushi combination platters. I got the tuna avocado salad which was really tasty, the tuna was cooked perfectly. The sushi was delicious, and it was definitely a very satisfying choice.  I will go back for sure, maybe try some of their other sushi.If I was rating the food alone - I would give it 3-4 stars. It is reasonably priced, the sushi is fresh and the delivery is quick, however my negative review is due to the fact that they almost killed me.  I am highly allergic to shellfish but have been eating Chinese food for 25 years no issues.  I ordered a combo platter that comes with an eggroll and either they make their eggrolls with shrimp or they mixed up and gave me a shrimp springroll.  Either way I am lucky for my Epi-pen. I understand its common for Asian dishes to have shellfish but I have never heard of an eggroll with shrimp in it, so I am inclined to think they got my order wrong.  I also tried to call and let them know what happened and just got put on hold.  So if you have no food allergies, this place is great, but beware otherwise.  =(My friends and I go here at least once a week, if not twice. I haven't gotten anything from there that I didn't like. Sure, the inside is dimly lit and not the most gorgeous, but I don't even care because the food is fabulous.This is a great local source for your basic chinese food.  Love the cold sesame noodles, sauteed chicken, General Tso's chicken.  Very fast delivery too.Since Green Garden seems to be getting no yelp love, I feel it my duty to follow up now that I have dined in for their Japanese food. 
Once again I was here for their lunch specials. Two of us split the three roll lunch special and a new 6 piece sushi/ 1 specialty roll lunch special. Both came with a bowl of miso soup which hit the spot on this rainy day. Nothing special, but not too salty which seems to happen to often all too much at Japanese joints. All three rolls were great: the spicy yellowtail, Philadelphia, and shrimp tempura. The 6 pieces of sushi were 2 tuna/ 2 salmon and 2 of what I think were red snapper? Either way all were very fresh and well crafted. This also had the American dream roll which was a winner with the mango sauce. 
The service was just eh which was disappointing since they were not too busy. Took them a long time to come over, make the food, clear the food, etc. Its a small point but I'm not a fan of places that only offer canned soda like here. Nonetheless, $30 with tip for this feast will have me coming back soon.Delivery timing was quick... the staff was super nice & friendly. I ordered the beef and broccoli platter, and a large wonton soup. Unfortunately my food was super bland, very disappointing.The 10th street roll may be the best sushi roll I have ever had. Very fast service. Quiet and low-key. Great location for anyone at Jefferson looking for a quick, cheap, and delicious lunch.Some of the best Chinese food in Philly and pretty good Japanese food too.  Everything is fresh and they don't use a lot of oil.  BYOB! Fast free delivery.  Great lunch specials - cheap and large.  I love the 10 dollar 3 sushi lunch deal.  They do need to improve their online ordering (sometimes they are delayed).
Wish they were open later on the weekends!We love this place because the Chinese food is very light and fresh. Never too oily. However, I don't give it five stars because we never eat in the restaurant. It just does not seem like a nice place to have a meal. We always order delivery. Try the chicken with mushrooms.Don't let the outside fool you, this place is legit. The sushi is phenom (not that I would know the difference) but I can say the Chinese food is really good. Egg rolls, fried WonTon, and loMein are all top-notch. It's also a BYOB, highly recommend!I'm always skeptical of Chinese/Sushi combination joints but this place gets the job done for sushi lunch specials. I have gone there twice now and although some rolls are better than others, its still nice to get three rolls and soup or salad for $10
My only recommendation is be wary of the Boston roll, the cream cheese in the one I had was rancid but then again the other time the Philadelphia was fine. Otherwise, I would recommend some of the standards like the California and Yellow Tail. Order and pick up your rolls in 15 minutes, can't argue with that.I've been here so many times because of its timely service. The staff is usually friendly and like I said, you get your food at a very reasonable pace whether you're dining in or taking out.
My dish of the moment is the chicken ho-fun. I love noodles. Which is probably why I've gained weight. That's besides the point. I still need more soy sauce when I order this though.
I have yet to try the sushi and other Japanese items they offer. The restaurant was recently renovated and it looks really nice inside. It has a really quiet and dim ambiance and there is now a sushi chef who makes your sushi fresh by some really nice decorations!
If paying by card, you need a $10 minimum, fyi.We loved sitting at the Sushi Bar and watching our food be created, it was an awesome experience.Green garden likes a family.It was really nice finding a place with great service and food to spend time with my friends and family!Some folks are wary of trying new Chinese restaurants for fear that the food will not agree with them; however, whenever the opportunity presents itself, I will scan a menu and if the offerings do not suit my preferences, I don't bother.  Since Green Garden was within decent distance to the train station, one evening I decided to give them a chance because I noticed they also offered an extensive selection of sushi.  From the looks of it (and the number of lab coats I saw walk in), their clientele consists mostly of Jefferson students and employees.  Although I do not fall into that category, I did make conversation with some students who were waiting for their take-out.  I settled on an egg drop soup and sesame chicken, both of which met my expectations.  My only beef, however, is with the flightiness of the staff--they seemed a tad overwhelmed with all the calls coming in while trying to serve the customers who are eating in.  That being said, I'd be willing to come back and try their sushi even though I wasn't in the mood for it that particular day.The best thing about this place are the mysterious green Japanese candies in the dish by the cash register. 
Their cryptic Kanji characters are scintillating. Is that a kiwi fruit? A star fruit? A hemisection of a pickled kidney? Who knows? It's a surprise. 
It was also a surprise when the place was empty at about 8pm on a Friday, yet it still took 30 minutes to make two rolls and an order of nigiri takeout that tasted kinda fishy. 
Sure glad they had those candies, though! Decrypting their wrappers and analyzing their exotic flavor reminiscent of green tea, honeydew melon, lemongrass and other green things was very entertaining.Green Garden is bang-a-lang. My guy friends and I were craving to just go nuts on delivery sushi with red wine one Sunday night, and we found the menu lingering in the collection of drop-offs. We got all sorts of variations of spicy tuna, seaweed salads, edamame, special rolls, you name it. for 3 of us, we probably ate enough to feed 5 or 6 (Fat Kid Sundays rule) and it was only about 60 bones. I am actually craving a delish delivery sushi date with my bf tonight, and green garden was the first spot to come to mind. I am P-U-M-P-E-D.close to my apt so i get sushi take out from here. nothing extraordinary but its not bad either. it is exactly what its rating says - "A-Ok."Food was much better in the past.  I ordered chicken and broccoli for take out.  I went
to pick it up 10 minutes later and it was not ready. I waited another 10 minutes (which was
no big deal) and took it back to my office. I figured it was hot off the press...WRONG.
All the food was cold like it was reheated. Never again.This is your better than average neighborhood Chinese restaurant. Sure there are better places in Phila, but they don't deliver! Green Garden is my "go to" when I have a craving for Chinese. Food is always served up hot and fresh. I recommend this place for Chinese but have not yet tried any of the Japanese offerings. 
Also, the staff is willing to accommodate the finicky eater. We sub things in and out of our dishes and so far no sign that the chef spit in our food! Recommended for a good and quick meal.GREEN GARDEN is solid for sushi. I always order the two rolls sushi lunch, so my experiences is limited to that. Miso soup is good,  quite hot enough. Ginger salad dressing is phenomenal  ,I can't wait to try next week.I checked out Green Garden the other night for dinner after finding a menu slipped under my doorway - "Grand Opening!" Is this place actually new, or did they just never change their menus?  The world may never know.
Either way, dinner was lovely. Green Garden is a BYO, so my friend Sam and I brought a bottle of wine to accompany our meal, and the waitstaff was quick to open it and bring wine glasses. 
We decided to go the Japanese route (GG has both Chinese and Japanese), and for appetizers, we ordered the spicy seaweed salad and Miso soup. The soup was tasty, but overall, pretty average...but the SEAWEED SALAD! was! INCREDIBLE! -- rich, fresh, and flavorful. I never thought I'd say this, but I could eat seaweed salad allllll day long.
Now Sam and I didn't particularly look like restaurant reviewers (probably because we're not...and in fact, we were both clad in crappy tee shirts and jeans) but for some delightful and unexplained reason, the waitress also brought over a complimentary tuna dumpling, which was light and delectable....mmm. We were almost full by the time our sushi arrived!
I ordered the spicy roll combo (just $13!) and Sam the Maki combo -- both came with 3 rolls, arranged beautifully on large platters. It was a struggle to finish them all (so many!) but they were so yummy (ESP the spicy tuna roll) that I stuffed myself anyway.  
The bill came out to about $30 -- a reasonable amount for any young, broke hooligan. I will definitely return again soon!Delivery took almost an hour and a half (though I understand that sometimes comes with the territory for delivery, and the delivery person did apologize). But the delivery person did not understand that I paid with a credit card online and asked me to WAIT AT THE DOOR while he rode his bike back to the restaurant to look for a receipt. After a few minutes I went back inside and he called me and kept asking for my credit card numbers, and couldn't understand that I had already paid. Finally another person called me and after a while was able to understand that I did not want to give her my credit card numbers again because I already paid. I'm pretty easy going and can overlook this stuff but I found the food to be literally inedible. I threw 75% of it out. I would never order from here again.great soup and fresh sushi every time, whether i order in or go there to eat. no MSG! i LOVE this place.for a small place that certainly wasn't crowded on a Friday night, the service was mediocre. The waiter meant well, but didn't know what he was doing. 
Didn't eat the Chinese, but the sashimi (mackerel, yellowtail) was pretty bad. Also had their American dream roll which was poor.Don't get the sushi. Not fresh, rubbery, and thick "slices" on the nigiri. My tuna was border line purple. I couldn't even finish my meal because I felt grossed out.On a recent Friday evening, Green Garden was one of the few places in the area that could accommodate a large group that did not have a reservation.  Although their dining room was not full during that popular dining-out time, they seemed to be doing a brisk delivery business.
GG is BYOB so when a couple magnums of wine were produced, they provided all of us wine glasses and a corkscrew to open the bottles.
The menu is extensive and includes a variety of Chinese and sushi dishes.  The sushi included an eggplant roll, which I haven't seen anywhere else.  It had a toothsome crunch and pleasing flavor and I'll likely get it again.  All of the rolls I got (yellowtail, Alaska, sweet potato, and the eggplant) were tasty and well made.  The Chinese food looked and smelled appetizing, and the green beans I sampled were nicely seasoned.
The decor is generic.  Service is friendly.  Prices are very reasonable.On their website they have their hours wrong - they say they open at 3:30 when I'm pretty sure this isn't the case.Fast service. General Tso chicken is delicious. Chicken is tender and not dry at all. Not too salty. Great flavor.Pleasant atmosphere and kid friendly.  The food was fine, some of it is obviously frozen fare and pre-packaged, not bad but not the best I've had.  I will say that they have some unique items on the menu like the Japanese Udon noodle dishes (6 of them) as well as Bento Boxes during the lunch hour.  They do have a buffet in the afternoon but it shuts down at dinner.I ALWAYS ordered delivery from another Chinese restaurant before, but gave Green Garden a try and it was great. It was fresh and nothing was too oily. Lots of vegetarian stuff, which is good! Will go back!When I've got that craving for old-timey, American-style Chinese comfort food, Green Garden hits the spot. I've been known to wolf down the entire container of General Tso's tofu while it's still piping hot.... and it's a generous portion. Also right tasty is the mu shu, though I'd prefer real pancakes, not those spongy packaged ones.   
I'm still not sure why they expanded the menu to include sushi and Japanese food. I have a personal rule about restaurants that are "Chinese and...": Don't get whatever comes after the "and".yup, another update...i ordered a spicy tuna roll this weekend and found  some scales sprinkled in the roll. yes, fish scales. never again.If you order delivery from here, don't get anything that can't survive being thrown around. That's what it looked like happen to my food. Everything was jumbled to one side and scrambled. At least the hot and sour soup was kind of warm and tasted okay. Everything was on time too, but I wouldn't have minded if they took longer but brought me my food in a better state.I ordered the steamed chicken with mixed vegetables and while I didn't like it, my dog sure did. The chicken looked like something you would've dissected in high school biology class. 
One extra star though because they delivered in the middle of this blizzard.i came here the other day for the cooked sushi platter and it was awful and bland. the unagi still had bones left in it! stick to the rolls...Worst food and service ever. Do not order from here. I threw my entire order out after waiting 1 hr and 45 minutes for it. 
The sushi tasted so foul and I had to get rid of it immediately. 
Disgusting!!! Hopefully I don't get sick from the nasty sushi.On a sushi adventure through Philadelphia.
I ate a sushi lunch special on Saturday, which came with 3 rolls and soup for $11.25, then added some shumai for $4.50. They have cheaper lunch specials ($8 for 2 rolls) but I was super hungry!
Came in here on a whim instead of J Sushi (next door) because I have a soft spot for Asian Fusion. Miso soup was good, but a light broth. Shrimp shumai were super good, very soft and steamed perfectly, meaty and came with an interesting sauce - thicker with red chili flakes, and it tasted good although different. 
The 3 roll combo sushi lunch was great. Rice was a little sticky, but the rolls were packed well. I got sweet potato tempura, crunchy spicy crab roll, and avocado cucumber. The rolls were cut in 8 pieces instead of 6 which is actually nice! 
Atmosphere wise, it's super casual, there's no hosts/servers (at least the time I was here) and you're served by a kitchen hand. Doesn't really matter to me because it was fast and pleasant. I came at 12 and got my soup, shumai, and sushi rolls all by 12:30! 
I would come here again! I would like to try their Chinese. All in all, $16 for lunch isn't bad when it's good, fast, sushi and even leaves you leftovers for later. 
If this review was helpful in your decision to eat at Green Garden or not, give me a thumbs up plz!Have ordered here before and it was pretty tasty and affordable. Told all my friends about it so we placed a large order (over $100). It arrived and we found out that they forgot 3 things. My friend immediatly called and they apologized and said they would take it off the bill. They didn't. Won't be ordering from here again.I wasn't expecting much from the looks of the store front, but it's actually really good! The first time I went, I ordered  the spicy roll combo, and got  this mountain of delicious salmon, tuna, and california rolls - for $13! My boyfriend had the chirashi, but didn't love it because of the rice to fish ratio (there wasn't enough rice) and he said that it wasn't put together well. But he's been back every week since to get maki, and he loves it. 
So i'm giving this 4 stars for the rolls. They are tasty and inexpensive for the quality you get. Obviously, this is not the quality that you'll get at Sagami, but for the price, you can't beat it.Green Garden is one of my go-tos for my Asian delivery needs. Solid and tasty food in both the Chinese and Japanese categories and deserving of a 3.5 rating. My hubby and I stumbled upon the actual restaurant years ago when a nearby restaurant we were trying to go to closed down. I call that food fate. Now Green Garden is totally across town from where we live and  not really worth the trip for the dining experience. However, they are on Seamless, don't charge a delivery fee and are always fairly prompt. Win, win, win.
On the most recent occasion, my hubby and I decided to order the Chinese lunch special for delivery. Their lunch specials are really reasonably priced. For $5.50- $6.25 you get a ton of food. We went with the Hot and Spicy Beef (hold the shrimp) and the Chicken with Eggplant and Garlic sauce.  You get your choice of egg roll or soup and all dishes come with fried rice. We both went with wonton soup, and substituted one white rice and one brown rice for the fried rices. We also got an order of Singapore noodles with chicken to split. 
All of our special orders came correctly. The food came about 50 minutes after ordering. Our estimated time was 30-45 minutes but I'll give them a pass since our area was enduring parade traffic. The packaging was a little off though. They gave us 3 forks but no spoons. There were no crunchy noodles either.
As far as the food goes, this was more than enough food for both our lunch and dinner. The soup came in pint containers and everything else came in the plastic white containers. The wonton soup isn't the best but definitely not bad. There were no pieces of pork aside from the wanton and minimal scallions. The wontons weren't overly stuffed either. The broth itself was good though. The Singapore noodles were awesome. You can see the red pepper flakes and taste the spice. They aren't just hot but very flavorful as well. The garlic sauce for the chicken and eggplant is not overly spicy but it is packed with flavor. The chicken was tender and pre-cut into almost bite sized pieces and soaked up the sauce nicely. Same with the eggplant. The rest of the sauce was soaked up nicely by my brown rice.
If they keep delivering, I'll keep ordering.Very typical Chinese American cuisine. The food is pretty oily, but good enough if you are craving some quick, Chinese food. I have had their lo mein and chicken with eggplant. Both were as I expected. I come here the few times I want Chinese but am unwilling to go all the way to China town. I have heard that their lunch specials are good, although I have not tried them yet.I was introduced to Green Garden by a very dear friend after a taking our daughters to see a play at the Walnut Theater.  Their SST roll is my new favorite. My daughter and her friend really enjoyed their entrees. Will be back again with husband.This was the only restaurant that was delivering food till late and had options of Japanese and chinese. I tried the chicken with garlic sauce and vegetable dumplings. Also, ordered a chicken soup on the side. The soup was really good, chicken was soft and tasty, and dumplings were green (dont know why) but tasted amazing. In terms of quantity and worth the money, it was not that good as the portions were really small and if you sitting for a dinner then the chicken and dumplings wont do good to you. Overall experience was okaish.I wish I could give this place no stars. I just ordered delivery and it took 1 hour and 45 minutes for delivery. Each of the three calls I made to check on delivery they told me it was on its way. 55 minutes of "it's on its way". 
Finally received my sushi and after one bite I knew immediately it was bad. The tuna tasted so foul. The veggie roll I ordered was also disgusting! I threw my entire order of food out. 
So basically after waiting an hour and 45 minutes I threw everything away. 
Do not order from here!!I've been struggling with the whole idea of how to "star" my reviews -- do I objectively think about how the food measured up to all other meals I've ever had? Or do I provide relative feedback based on my expectation of service?  Neither is an ideal measurement, but given the high number of 4s and 5s on yelp, I think the latter is the common standard to adhere to.
With that, I was pleasantly surprised with my takeout from Green Garden.  I ordered the steamed veggies and chicken, and supplemented it with the "salmon pizza" to add some unhealthiness to my meal.  The steamed veggie dish was great -- Chicken was tasty, veggies very crunchy.  A little more celery than I would like, but oh well.  The side sauce was a little gloopy, but actually had scallions in it (it's rare to find any hint of life, past present or future, in Chinese sauces, so this was a pleasant find)! 
The salmon pizza was decadently unhealthy!  Start with a thin scallion pancake.  Top with spicy tuna, avocado, a bit of caviar.  This may be up there with Vic's tuna dumplings among most creatively delicious sushi dish that sounds terrible on a menu.  Now this I would go back for.
Delivery was effiicient and courteous.The converse to my feelings about New South China:
Green Garden is great! They are so nice on the phone. Drivers are so polite. Food is always on time and good -- fresh, hot, and they've never screwed up any of my orders. 
Nothing groundbreaking, but definitely a strong go-to for delivery. Especially when you live across the street from a do-not-go-to.For a low-cost Chinese place with free delivery, Green Garden is quite good. I've tried the standard Americanized Chinese dishes, all of which were good for what they are. The sushi is quite good, too, and very reasonably priced. I stop by regularly for a maki roll and steamed veggie gyoza. 
The lady who works the register deserves a special shoutout. She just epitomizes the efficiency and work ethic that good restaurant owners should all aspire to.I rarely order from anywhere else. The food is consistently good and the meat is never the chewy, suspicious kind you often find in Chinese food. Delivery is timely too.i've only had delicery from green garden once but i feel quite good giving it at least a four star rating. the mushu (which i hadn't had in forever) was perfect, crunchy and soft at the same time. i ordered the vegetarian version (not feeling very meaty) and it was excellent.
i also had the house special wonton soup, and it had delicious wontons in it (thinner skinned than other places, which i prefer). i would probably just get the regular wonton next time since there was too much stuff (chicken, pork and lots of veggies. all good, but i like my broth. :) ). i will definitely order from them again. the total for these two items was around $13 and i easily got three meals out of it. yay!I used to live close by to Green Garden and found their food to be exactly what I wanted when craving fast, convenient Chinese food.  I never ate at the restaurant and always ordered to go.  The food was prompt and the staff is friendly enough. 
Also, I recommend the lunch specials.  They are much more inexpensive than the regular menu.My new go to place for delicious Chinese food. I've only eaten here twice, but in my opinion their food is second to none.A good stand-by option to have in the neighborhood - not that much more to say.  Clean, extensive menu, japanese offerings as well (although I've never tried them, save for the edamame).  
They make a delicious kung pao tofu - it's not on the menu, but kung pao chicken is so they have no problem making the substitution (Also, I usually sub in water chestnuts for carrots, b/c I find them so much more appealing!)
This isn't a "destination" Chinese restaurant by any stretch of the imagination, but it's head and shoulders above strip mall/food court joints.Food is really great! I come here all the time on my lunch break. The service is good, the dishes are fresh and hot. Not to mention the prices are right for the dish size you receive. A nice little place to get Chinese/ Japanese food.This place is your typical fast food Chinese restaurant. I had the beef and mixed vegetables and it wasn't anything special but it wasn't bad. Their fried rice was a little disappointing and the egg roll was tiny but did taste good. The general Tso's chicken though was amazing! My boyfriend had that and it was so flavorful and garlicky. Next time I'd get that! Good spot for a quick meal!Vegetarians take head: they have great vegetarian sushi!
I can't be the only person who delayed becoming a complete vegetarian because of my deep abiding love for sushi.  Now that I have been a strict vegetarian for a while, I am still craving sushi and looking for places that actually have options for me.  Green Garden does a great job in this department--I went there or got take-out three times in my one-week business trip.  If you go at lunch the prices are a little reduced and you get free soup or salad.
Avocado roll: great
sweet potato tempura roll: great (has a teriyaki sauce on top)
eggplant tempura roll: same sauce, not as good though as eggplant has less flavor
cucumber roll: good
asparagus roll: only ok, the asparagus was more cooked than I like
vegetable roll: good, mix of veggies
they also have pickled oshinko roll, and two special rolls that I didn't get to try but that sound really good with mango.  I highly recommend their veggie sushi!
They can't always be so fast, surely, but the two times I got take-out it was less than 20 minutes from order to leaving.  
I only tried two items off the Chinese side of the menu: vegetarian lo mein was good and hit the spot for simple comfort noodles, the broccoli with garlic sauce was drenched in a whopping amount of oil and I can't recommend it.I went here yesterday with my g.f and i will say that i really enjoyed our dishes. the hawaii roll with great. it was mango outside and inside with avocado and shrimp tempura.
it didnt take too long to prepare.
for regular chinese food we got chicken fried rice and we asked for all white meat and it was delicious! I would recommendedGreat Chinese food at inexpensive prices. If you need a quick lunch bite this is the place to go. I usually get the General Tso chicken lunch special with tea. The food is always hot, the service is always fast and the staff is always in a bright, mood. I branched out and tried the Sushi with my lunch during this visit and it was still amazing. Highly recommended !Best kung pao in the city. I am an expert. Also it is cool to have decent sushi delivered. My wife just told me to tell you that their fried rice is gross. But what does she know..Very Meh. They have an americanized menu, probably because of its proximity to Jefferson. I won't be going back.I didn't expect to find great sushi at a "Chinese" restaurant, but this is now my GO TO place to order delivery sushi from in Philly. Great tasty sushi for a reasonable price, and I am pretty picky about sushi. Try the dynamite roll, the american dream, and the crazy rollI order shrimp with broccoli got order wrong two times and owner got angry because I called him back two times and still got order wrong and told me not to come back . I eat there at least  three times a weak wow can't believe this don,t worry never will order there againThis place is a block away from my apartment. Small, no-frills, but good sushi. I'm so excited to have a go-to sushi place so close to where I live!I came here last week with one of my friends. The place was a small but also cozy. We ordered sushi special with crazy roll included ,chicken teriyaki and general tso chicken. The price was reasonable and the food was good. The staff was friendly and they included good service. Now I usually order online and have the food delivered which takes about 10-30min for me. I do recommend this place for anyone just looking for good and reasonable price food.Food was delicious and fresh. Staff was kind . Next time I'm in Philadelphia center City I will definitely order from them.Found this place by accident. Food was fresh and well done. Shrimp were huge. Price was great. My new go to for chinese. May try the sushi.Ordered Uber eats from here. Giving it 5 stars because my food was good and it came hot.  Got the general tsos tofu, egg drop soup and a veg roll. Picked this place because it looked clean and not like most sketchy Chinese places in Philly. Food was good! The general tso sauce isn't very spicy but still good. I also requested fried rice instead of white and they were accommodating of that even though it was not an option through the app. I will be ordering from here again!!Wow this was bad.  I wanted to love it, but not good  First, it was overpriced for the smaller portion sizes (as compared to predictable and typical Chinese food).  We ordered traditional Chinese, but was very bland.  The wonton soup broth was tastless and curiously bright, bright yellow.  It had 1, yes ONE wonton in each container.  Fried rice?  um I wish I could describe the taste, but think it was a mistake.  There was nothing there, but what looked like white rice that has some soy mixed in... nothing else, no anything just brownish rice.  UGH I hate getting bad food, but looks like the other review were different food.  Might try the sushi.The delivery guy was extremely rude from the moment he arrived. When he handed me the receipt to sign, I did not leave a tip as I added the tip when I paid for the order online. I feel like this is pretty standard with online orders. 
When I handed him the receipt back he stared at it, hit the paper with his hand and starts yelling "what no tip are you serious!" When I tried to explain to him almost four times I already left him a tip when I paid online he continued to argue with me, not hand me my food, and threw his pen. 
When he finally handed me my food I shut my door and locked it. I could still hear him yelling even after shutting my door. I felt extremely uncomfortable and unsafe and it's pretty clear that this is a pattern of behavior with this guy as someone wrote a similar review on grubhub. 
Extremely rude and will never order from here again.We in order delivery at least once a week from here. This was the first time I got an invisible roll... lolFour stars just for overall value.  Stopped in for a quick lunch, and for $8, I had a perfectly Americanized combo of sweet and sour chicken, white rice and a fried vegetable egg roll.  I liked that they did not pour the sauce over everything, so I could dip each chicken piece individually.  They had chunked up onions (whew, I could pick them off easily) and green peppers alongside the main dish. Service was fast, but expect minimal communication. Not a whole lot of love and laughter in this place - they want you in and out.
Conveniently located just steps away from the 9th / 10th and Locust PATCO stop.
The only downside to the experience was that on a chilly day, every time someone opened the door, the freezing cold air wafted in. A little curtain does nothing to protect the diners from the temperatures. Most of us who had to sit near the door wore our coats. Lesson learned - sit away from the front door if it's cold!I've gotten take-out from here a few times and it's always been good, until tonight. I found a HAIR in my lo mein and am totally grossed out. I won't be ordering from here again.Really good sushi! I'll definitely order again. The delivery was fast and the order came right.Ordered delivery; after an hour of waiting items were missing upon arrival. Called restaurant, was told missing items would be delivered. After another hour of waiting, called restaurant again and was told they had nobody to deliver our missing food. Needless to say, will not be ordering from here again.**** 4 Stars
This is my go to Chinese food place in Center City. Ordered food from here dozens of times. The food is always fresh, never recooked or dry and the time it takes to arrive is almost unbeatable.I think the majority of their business is Take-Out, that is how I usually get their food. The ambiance of this place is nice, definitely very traditional Chinese/Japanese fusion place with a sushi bar. It is on the small size probably sits 20-30 max. I wouldn't bring a first date or take a girl here on a Fri/Sat to impress her, but I would definitely recommend for anyone who wanted to have a sit down dinner mid-week get good food at a fair price.The people who own the place are very nice and friendly so that is always a plus.Flavor was good but ordered from grubhub and the order was significantly late and very cold when it arrived. Apparently they thought it would be a good idea to send a guy on a bike two miles in the freezing cold.Green Garden is the perfect place to eat before you drop a ton of cash on tickets to the Walnut Street Theater - or just if you're in the mood for really good sushi at a very reasonable price when you consider the area!
Their Green Garden Special Menu for sushi is really large - and I love their use of fruits & fruit sauce in their rolls. You don't find an excess of that everywhere - but they definitely have a ton of quirky options that are really quite tasty. Their sushi has also always been very fresh when I've had it - they're not the fastest in prep - but it's definitely fresh. Since there are so many options for their rolls, I'll definitely be back to keep trying more.Was wondering why the place was empty at noon when it was usually packed. Well I found out. My food was a micro waved mess. Just God awful. It is sad the place went down hill. What a pile of $9 slop.