Great coffee, really friendly staff, and it's my favorite place to get some work done.While in the neighborhood, I searched yelp for a good local coffee shop in the area. This place was near the top of the list, so I decided to check it out. My whole party tried something from this shop. My mom tried their iced chai tea latte (she LOVED it), my boyfriend tried a regular coffee with soy creamer (loved it), my dad tried a bottle of the organic lemonade they were selling in their refrigerated section (he loved it), and I tried an iced mocha latte with almond milk. My drink was perfect- not too sweet with just the right ratio of chocolate flavor and coffee. I really enjoyed it. I loved the overall atmosphere of this coffee shop as well, although I'm not sure if it's the best place to get work done or study if you are looking for a quiet environment. My favorite part about this place? The incredible selection of milks they had available for coffee. It's a vegan spot, so no dairy milk is available. However, they have every non-dairy option you can think of including: coconut cream, macadamia milk, oat milk, almond milk, soy creamer, soy milk, etc. Overall, a really adorable spot with great coffee!This place rocks! Everything is vegan and everything is delicious! There are 5 choices of non-dairy creamer for coffee drinks. There are delicious desserts. There are wonderfully filling sandwiches and a rocking salad. Also bagels are nice and reasonably priced. You can't go wrong here. Check out the mini-library in the back, so many intelligent good reads back there. Staff is super friendly without being pretentious or fake. 
Favorite!!I really dug this place . Drove in to Philadelphia found this V friendly spot ,the staff was great helpful I loved the show flyers in the hall way . I sat down relaxed for a good while  with my coffee & snack w no one bothering . Pretty much loved everything about this spot . We need one in long beach .Love this little neighborhood coffee shop. The atmosphere, the food and the coffee all great! I've been to Grindcore House 2 times when I was visiting Philly. Everything I ordered I was completely pleased with. Love that everything is either vegetarian or vegan. 
Will definitely stop there again next time I'm in town.Our continued search for non-dairy (and thus vegan) items took us to Grindcore.  What a great surprise.  Others with more knowledge of the local neighborhood have commented how it is relatively out of place and I would agree but I guess I am part of the "foreign" crowd that some dislike.
Staff was super friendly and answered our questions as we were first time visitors.  Personally I am not vegan and I do not like the milk substitutes they offer for coffee, but that is what is available and you should know that going in.  Amazing place for vegans and they will do your lattee with soy/almond milk, etc.
Food was pretty tasty and we had a couple bagels with creamcheese.  I recommend adding avocado to the bagel to add some extra creaminess.  
Book shelf in the back is very cool as well and has some very interesting reads.  Radical.I searched Yelp to find a few spots near my office where I could have lunch.  I went today and truly enjoyed my lunch! I had the Greenwich sandwich - avocado, tomato, lettuce, spinach, hummus and cucumber.  I also had the banana and chocolate chip bread which was moist and tasty!
Next time I'll try the hot drinks.  I'll definitely be a regular.Great vegan options in a unique atmosphere. They have more than just coffee shop fare and sweets, with a complete selection of vegan sandwiches and salads.Good coffee, friendly service, much better than wawa which is the closest coffee option.
Prices are fair, and the vegan cupcake I ate was pretty good.Great vegan option in south Philly. Hipster vibe.
Greenwich sandwich is fabulous.
Pastries and coffee selection gets A+Very good latte in a local coffeeshop environment, but their WiFi was down due to a broken/problematic router on February 9thGood coffee! Will make it a point to stop here every time I'm in Philadelphia in the future.Cute coffee shop. Relaxed atmosphere, flavorful coffee, vegan food - what's not to like? I was a big fan of their olive cream cheese. I'm eager to try all of the other flavors they have to offer, as well as the sandwiches.Cozy coffee shop serving a vegan-take on the usual cafe fare. Sounds simple, but look forward to coming her for flavored tofu-cream cheeses.Grindcore House is a unique vegan coffee shop with lots of character and an inspiring activist attitude. I had a Mexican coffee here and it was honestly one of the best cups of coffee I've ever had. Much of the original 100-year-old interior is intact the large windows in the front let in a ton of light. A great place to hang and get some work done and ingest vegan fuel.This is a great place whether you want lunch, a snack or just a cup of tea.  I have been here with my son who has tea while working on his dissertation, and with my daughter who has lunch while working on our plans! We have never been disappointed.  First, the staff is willing to give us suggestions and wait lengthy periods of time while I make up my mind. Second, the tea is delicious, enough to make me love any cafe.  Third, the sandwiches are great - we are always pleased with our food. Finally and best of all, there are terrific and affordable dairy free desserts.
The location is excellent for us and we can walk or ride bikes there. We find parking for the bikes right outside the front door near the cafe table.  We can walk from GH to South Street for some additional shopping and entertains, so location is a plus.Great little coffee shop in South Phila, nice service, nice decor and friendly vibe, great coffee, delicious and fresh food for the going rate for coffee shops.  I got a great little 5.00 salad and my kid got a hummus on toast since they were out of bagels late on a Sunday (7pm).  They were very accommodating and have fantastic seating in the back area.  I will definitely be back.I stop by Grindcore House most mornings. Here's what I like:
-They serve cold brewed iced coffee-- the most delicious of all iced coffee. 
-I like the espresso that they serve
-They have friendly, cheerful baristas who always make my Iced Americano exactly as I prefer it
-They have fair prices and a good selection of regular baked goods and treats. I rarely indulge but when I do it is always worth it.
-Very good quality bread and delicious spreads
-I stick to a touch of soy milk in my Americano, but I do appreciate the availability of other alternative milks.
-Lastly, I truly admire the tone of Grindcore House's politics! Not preachy by any means. The place is friendly and warm. Keep up the good work Grindcore House! I always see a variety of people in the morning, so keep doing what you do.As a new vegan, I've been on a weekly quest to try all of my lovely city's vegan options. This Sunday's brunch stop: Grindcore House. 
Don't let the hike deter you, this plan is worth the walk. Plenty of seating, good options for breakfast/lunch and dessert. Most importantly: 100% vegan! 
My husband and I both had the Kropotkin sandwich which was huge, filling, and awesome. We split a piece of pumpkin cheesecake for dessert, also awesome. Prices were reasonable. 
I will be back to try some bagels/cream cheese ASAP.Not as ominous as the name would suggest. The coffe is great and the snacks are all vegan. The art hanging in the back is good also.The home made lavender syrup is so good. I can't stress enough that this is a must try f you're at grindcore. The vegan pastries are the best in the city hands down. The staff rules, the library rules, their bagels and speciality cream cheeses are to die for. I don't care if one bagel is equal to 8 slices of bread (so they say), it's worth every bite.When I came back to Philly for a visit I was dying to try this place out.  So me and my bestie grabbed a book on a cold dreary Sunday and headed over here to relax.  
I loved the back room, my only suggestion is more couches and comfy chairs instead of table seating.
I liked the option of limitless coffee, the syrup selection (they are only missing coconut), and I could add almond milk!  (Usually I can only do this at home so I miss out on coffee shop experiences unless I want to settle for soymilk).
They had some kind of pumpkin bread that was moist and yummy...I would have liked to try a sandwich but both times I came I opted to go to Blackbird Pizza for food.
My only suggestion (and I grew up listening to hardcore and punk and offshoots) is to have a little more diversity.  I was reading and really didn't want to listen to a full hour of nonstop metal.  They need to get a few good mixes going with some lighter musical choices.I came to Grindcore House at around 6:30pm yesterday in search of the best vegan cake in Philly. Now since I haven't tried all of the vegan cake in Philly I can't claim with 100% certainty that Grindcore has the win (or whichever other establishments also stock cake by Vegan Treats bakery) BUT I'm definitely leaning hard towards giving them the win. 
Grindcore gets their shipments from Vegan Treats on Thursdays, so I was really excited that they still had options when I came on a Tuesday. I got the banana caramel cheesecake, a s'mores s bar, and (the last) chocolate cake (slice). They also had cookies and cream cake slices, muffins, cookies/cookie sandwich type things, and peanut butter bites. 
The chocolate cake was awesome. A little dry on the cake portions, but the frosting, which was incredibly creamy/buttery, more than made up for any dryness in the cake. The cheesecake was also incredible, and had I not known better I'd suspect it wasn't vegan. The flavor and texture were both spot on. The s'mores bar I found less appealing, as the graham cracker portion was very dry, and the marshmallow/chocolate layers weren't gooey enough to balance it out. 
All in all I was really impressed with options and flavors, and if I lived even a bit closer I'd come often!I love this place. The food is amazing. I've been a vegan for 18 years and this is the first coffee shop I've never had to worry about what I was getting. Their creamer selection is insane!!!
My only issue is the music. I enjoy metal, just not in a coffee shop. I pretty much only go to coffee shops to work on stuff or meet up with people. It gets pretty annoying trying to think or hear other people trying to talk over it. I would be here a lot more often if the music was less annoying.
They have Northport Fishington snacks here which is a major bonus and a wide variety of Vegan Treats cakes. 
If you can handle the music, this is the best coffee shop in town.Amazing coffee shop! They have a 100% Vegan menu that is tasty for Vegans and omnivores. They not only have soy milk available, but almond milk and coconut milk creamer. The staff is super friendly and the ambiance is edgy but inviting. It's totally worth the bus ride out from West Philly.The only all-vegan coffee shop in Philadelphia, and it is great. It has a very strong hipster vibe, there is even a bookshelf in the backroom that is labeled "Anarchist Book Shelf." The sandwiches are amazing as well as their tea. Also, they have a ton of items from Vegan Treats- a huge plus anywhere.Truly fantastic food - and they carry Dottie's Doughnuts! This is an all-around great coffee house with friendly people and delicious offerings.If you are not a huge fan of heavy metal music, not worries! Their Kropotkin sandwich, vegan jalapeno cream cheese, and grindcore house chai should make up for it. Such great vibes, well versed staff, and beautiful outdoor seating. Will definitely be back soon!Lovely little place.  Great coffee and lattes.  Sandwiches  were delicious, but it's all about that bread! 
They also do different types of iced teas daily - I love the grapefruit varieties.  
I went in once and realized I'd forgotten my wallet after ordering.  They let me have the drink on the house, and I paid them for it later. 
Awesome!this place is the best.  alot of vegan sweets (some sandwiches), good coffee, great atmosphere. worth going out of the way forThe food, coffee and service are all great.  The heavy metal music the constantly play make for an angry unpleasant environment.The chai tea latte is awesome. Sandwiches and bagels here are good, but nothing you couldn't make at home.
Grindcore House serves good, simple meals. The restaurant is a comfortable place to dine, read a book, or do some homework. The staff is friendly. Grab a Vegan Treats dessert on your way out!grindcore rocks. i wish it was in my neighborhood, so that i could be (and would be) a regular. the sandwiches are awesome (yay! field roast!) and they feature cakes from vegan treats, as well as goodies from local vegan bakeries.
the hot drinks menu looks pretty extensive, although i haven't tried anything. and i love that they have both soy and coconut milk based options for coffee creamer. the staff is nice, the space is cozy, and it's a chill place to hang out on a sunday afternoon.
yay, grindcore!OH MY GOD, My love for this coffee house goes a long way.  I am not a vegan/vegetarian what-so-ever and I still feel that this is the best place to get a bagel and a coffee/iced tea in the area.  It's clean, SUPER doggie friendly, and the back room always has a different art gallery every month.  They have a nice selection of literature, some comfy spots to sit in the back, free wifi, and an amazing staff.  Not to mention, the coffee is quite speedy and usually makes me come home and clean my house.  Go here and listen to grind metal while you caffeinate and read a book!!!My biggest gripe with the place is that the Prairie Fire is gone (unless it's come back without me knowing!).  My second biggest gripe with the place is that I spent way too much money there when I lived up the block.great coffee, dirty chai lattes and bagels ! i haven't gotten much but i've enjoyed it all !If I could give more than 5 stars, I would.
The owners clearly understand what tastes good. The sandwiches are spot on. I think I've had every single one on the menu and they're all good. They use high quality bread and, if you're taking it to-go, they'll wrap the sandwich in a cute, black-and-white paper. From outside to in, the sandwich is delightful!
The vegan desserts are also delicious -- they come from various different local vegan bakeries and there's a wonderful, varied selection: sweet potato chocolate-chip blondies, chocolate-peanut butter cheesecake, pumpkin bread, ginger snap cookies, zucchini bread, apple spice muffins, etc. 
Because it's in a very residential neighborhood, street parking is easy to find and free. If I lived closer, I would go here more often. Because I don't live close, I end up buying several items to take home with the intention of savoring them throughout the week. Embarrassingly, they usually don't make it past that day....Anytime going up north this is a must stop for me! From the selection of music, zines, local music newspapers, all vegan food and drink options! This place is probably my favorite coffee shop ever! Must go while in philly!this place was cool. came across it as I stayed in an airbnb right down the road. welcoming - good coffee - bagel was on point.. have nothing bad to say about it. If you want a quick, yet quality breakfast - get up in there! you will not be disappointed.Beautiful building, decent seating area in the back. Lots of food and drink options, everything is vegan. Sandwiches cost around 7-8$. Iced coffee was a little bitter, when I had it. Music is a bit loud, and the genre closely follows the name of the coffe shop, so expect hardcore an Grindcore while eating. 
Advisory: there's only parking for about 6 bikes, and it was full when I came.Had their mocha and it was awesome! Wish they didn't play that music but it is quickly resolved with headpho.To go to a cafe and have to decide what sort of non-dairy milk to put in my coffee is a true luxury.  Awesome fair-trade coffee, super friendly staff that knows your name, a concise menu with bagels and a true selection of vegan shmears... topped off with affordable prices and a true community feel. Plus, grandmom-approved baked goods. Love!I really like grindcore house. They've got great coffee and lots of delicious teas, and bagels that are simply awesome and a variety of vegan cream cheeses that they blend with various tasty ingredients (I believe they do this). I've never been to a place with so many vegan cream options (coconut milk and rice milk are especially good), and they always have agave. It's wonderful.
My issue with the place (and it is a personal thing, but what isn't?) is that I can only go fairly early in the morning. When I've been there later, the music is louder and awful. I went with a friend once and she couldn't stay focused on the book she was reading, but rather kept laughing at the death metal (I guess) that was playing. And it wasn't funny; she just wanted to leave.
Mornings are really nice though. I can enjoy the place then, and it is indeed very homey, there are a lot of good books and local activist literature on the shelves, and the baristas are always incredibly friendly.The cinnamon spice cupcake makes me super, duper happy. The cake is really moist (applesauce?) and the frosting rich and luscious. It does not taste sugary or artificial in any way...leaving me feeling light, satisfied and not a bit guilty or indulgent. The size of the cupcake is perfect, unlike the large muffin sized cupcakes you find at most places these days.  Please keep these coming Grindcore!  (The pumpkin cupcake is yummy too, but cinnamon spice has completely won me over).
I also recommend trying one of Grindcore's homemade flavored cream cheeses. I had sun-dried tomato on a sesame bagel. It was smooth and creamy (creamy in a non-dairy sort of way, that is).I would give this 5 stars for friendly service alone! The girl at the counter is the nicest person you will ever meet!! So friendly!! I visited a year ago and thought she was having a good day that morning. When I visited recently, she had that same cheery attitude so it must be for real! 
I had the vegan cheesesteak, which was more like a vegan roast beef club. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't quite what I was expecting. They were very generous with the portion fixings though.
They get their vegan baked goods from Vegan Treats every Thursday any time from 12-3pm. They probably get the largest order besides from Gondivas! Love Vegan treats! So I'm happy they get them! 
It's not in the greatest if neighborhoods and its not very close to center Philly....but I'd rather do than without itThis place is an awesome part of Philadelphia. Laid back, cool interior, this place is welcoming of all people but is probably more attractive to the punk type. Their sandwiches are delicious and it's thenperfect place to pop out your laptop and crank out the work your boss needs done by Monday morning!Great little coffee house, friendly staff, and lots of vegan treats.  I got a vegan chocolate chip muffin that was soo good- perhaps better than any non-vegan muffin I've had.  I also really liked the huge milk selection for coffee- they had soy, skim, whole, and almond milk.  Cozy back room with lots of seating and tables.  They also let you bring your dog in.  I will definitely be back with my pooch!My favorite coffee spot in the city of Philadelphia. Seriously.
The Kropotkin sandwich is killer, the cream cheeses all taste sooo real, what more could you want? A great price? Oh, they have that too.
Most vegan places are overpriced and, honestly, it's a little upsetting. Especially since I, as a vegan, know it's one of the cheaper ways to eat! But Grindcore House is very, veryy reasonable. The only reason I don't go here everyday is because it's a 20 minute walk south of my house and I work about 20 mins north. Days off, though, I'm always there.
Here's where it gets real: I even brought my mother here once while she was visiting the city. My mother is NOT into grindcore music, she's not a vegan, she puts a ton of milk in her coffee, etc. You would think she would have hated this place. Instead, she giggled about the music, thought it was 'quirky.' She asked me what choice of non-dairy milk I like best (did I mention they have almost every non dairy milk your little vegan heart could desire??) and she even bought a donut. Which she loved! And repeatedly asked me if it was really vegan. Then, did the same thing when she tried my bagel with cream cheese. In sum, this place is great for vegans and non-vegans, punks and everyone else.
Bonus: they're dog friendly! Even with my giant 150lb Rottie/Lab mix, no one batted an eye when I brought him in to order. It was nice out, so I did sit outside to eat. He's big, he takes up a lot of room. Figured it was best to let him lay on the sidewalk than be in people's walking space.LOVE the Grindcore House! It's all vegan, so I didn't have to worry about finding out what I "could" eat. 
Staff were really nice, the coffee was pretty good, and the selection of milks is great, too (almond, soy, and rice milk plus soy cream). 
The cake... oh... the cake. I shouldn't come here too often, otherwise I'll need new pants. I had the brownie cheesecake and the German chocolate cake so far. And they are beyond wonderful. I am not a dessert person, but I could easily only live on the cake they sell there. The sandwiches are great, too (I had the Kropotkin - delicious). 
I loved their iced tea. Expecting some crazy sugary beverage, I was positively surprised as I received an unsweetened tea (which I could have sweetened with the organic, fair trade agave syrup). 
Good music selection... if that's your thing. No just grindcore, but if you're really not into the louder kind of music, you may just not want to plan your entire afternoon here.My favorite cafe in the city to hang out/work/read/meet people.Soooo good. The people are great. THE LATTES and tea are fantastic. One of the very few things that matter to me rn.Great coffee, nice location, cool vibe. can't wait to be a regular.Love the hole-in-the-wall, Brooklyn-esque, black and white pictures on the wall accompanied by metal music, and the plushy armchairs and rickety tables throughout.
Prices are decent. Coffee is amazing. Lattes have different syrups to try from. Pastries and scones and iced teas on display are a nice treat. Friendly staff, warm and welcoming vibe, free WiFi, chill.  What more can you ask for?
Will definitely be back here to try their bagel sandwiches and homemade pastries and maybe post up with a book for an hour or two.Freaking awesome place.  We come from nj to get great coffee and awesome desserts here.  Not to mention  the metal! Freaking love itCome here often! Vegan! Hooray! Pet friendly! They have great cappuccino and bagels with cc. Many varieties of bottled juices...good ones though. I must agree with Ann C, I wish they'd have less vegan treats and more entree items. The music is heavy metal, kept low but I couldn't sit there one day inside because of it.  I just couldn't take it.Amazing desserts, pretty good coffee with options of vegan goodness for milks (coconut, almond, rice, soy - hello!!! :) and even some gluten free goodies from time to time with possibilities for more in the future. Chill space for hanging out in back or in front and a nice calm scene.Last visit here the staff was a LOT more outgoing and friendly with me. I can't help but feel like when I walk in somewhere with my big belly and beard I give off a "typical South Philly guy" vibe, and that in a place like this where everyone thinks incredibly highly of their alterna-ness, they assume I'm going to be a pain in their ass and treat me like crap from the start. On this particular trip I was queeny as hell from the get-go, and it seemed like their attitudes changed dramatically because of this. I guess that's a good thing. So the better attitude plus the amazingly delicious grapefruit tea (no mint) makes me upgrade by a star.My roommate and I ventured out to the lovely grindcore house for the first time last sunday. It was even better than I expected!
the girl behind the counter was super sweet and answered all of my many questions. they have so many amazing looking vegan sweet treats, but I was in a savory mood so I got a bagel with cream cheese, tomato and avacado. Simple, delicious and cheap! 
I can't wait to go back again and try the sweet stuff!Cold brew coffee and their sandwiches, especially the Emma's Delight, Seitan, and Kropotkin are all so great.what's not to love about philadelphia's primiere VEGAN coffeehouse?! for starters, i must say i'm pretty happy wherever soy milk is an option at a coffee shop. this place has two carafes of it out, as well as THREE other non-dairy creamers (almond, rice, and coconut.) and no regular dairy creamers. dairy be damned! the couch in the back is super comfy. i can see why some might think the coffee tastes a little burnt, but it's more of an extra-strong roast than a burnt flavor to me. i'll get coffee that's been sitting out all day from shady little bodegas in the hood, so i don't really care. to me it's all about the atmosphere. good music + good company + soft comfy couch = good times.I like this place more each time I walk in, prices are great and staff is friendly. The coffee and lattes are really good.
 Try a bagel with one of their varieties of flavored cream cheese, an everything bagel with jalapeno cream cheese is my favorite.I found this place while waiting for my oil change! How lucky am I?! I ordered a iced chai latte and a Greenwich which had salad, tomato, cucumber avocado and hummus (you can go wrong adding avocado to any food!). This place is a vegan place and eating there made me feel very healthy! The food was good and the price was reasonable. I will definitely go back to Grindcore house.I crashed at my friends place and was finally able to go here after hearing about it forever. I am very glad he led the way because I would have never found it on my own. It's tucked away all cozy, just waiting for you t show up and partake. And partake I did!! 
I can't think of anything to complain about with this place. It was clean, well staffed, well stocked!, warm and inviting. The coffee was great, the choices of additives was great, and the bagel was great!! I didn't have any food so I cannot comment on it, but the cakes looked tasty!! I LOVE Carrot Cake, and knowing it's Vegan allows me, if I like it, which I'm sure I will, to go for a second slice without too much guilt just like I did the coffee!!
 I like the fact they play that type of music because it's goes against the grain and gives it character. And really, when do you ever hear this music unless YOU or someone you know puts it on? And for anybody who might complain about it, A. It's not the only music they play, & B. Deal with it just I have to every time I go to a restaurant or bar and really god awful hip hop is blaring.
Also, I like the swag. I really have to crash again so I can go back and buy a mug and Tshirt!! They're cool! And as noted in other reviews, rotating art gallery!! 
Tasty, full of character, clean, local, what's not to like?
GO!!! GO NOW!!!The incredibly friendly staff and non-judgmental atmosphere of this place are so welcoming. I've spent a lot of time in coffeeshops over the course of college and grad school, and at some point the snotty baristas and cranky clientele of many cafes just start to seem normal. Stepping in here was a breath of fresh air. The back room is a nice space to do some work or read.
I'm not vegan, but I've enjoyed everything I've tried from the menu. The sandwiches are filling and really pretty cheap for how big they are. Drinks are crafted with care. 
Rotating art, nice people, dog friendly. I like it.I can only speak on the coffee and vibe of the café (not the food). 
My experience was great...wandered around South Philly stumbling upon this gem on a cold Sunday. Went inside...warm air hit my skin, aromatic smells of fresh coffee brewing invaded my nose, and dogs with their owners caught my eyes (pet friendly). 
I enjoyed a white chocolate latte with a perfect balance of foam, cream, coffee and sweetness balance. I sat next to the large front window and people watched, occasionally playing with the dogs passing in and out of the shop. 
Friendly service, great coffee, cozy environment. I will be back!Two and a half stars. Here's the reality: I'm not the target audience. Efficient staff, dog-friendly, lots of street parking in the area, some comfy seating in the back, and a couple tables in front and out front. Pretty latte art on my chai latte, which defaulted to soy milk (definitely would recommend any other milk substitute in this beverage). I've tasted better soy lattes elsewhere, and had to force myself to finish it during our long drive home. Baked goods were hedonistically oversized enough to share, but we were pretty disappointed at the lackluster flavor of the glazed horchata donut. There's a drought of java joints in this neighborhood, but I really regretted not fueling up on caffeine while we were still in Center City.Wow. So I went here for the first time yesterday and I was really impressed! The cafe has a really open and welcoming front space, and also a nice comfortable back area full of a couch and great tables for working or hanging with friends. There are also tons of outside tables as well! 
I ordered their bottomless coffee (which is always a nice offering). The coffee tasted spot on. I then took a look at the food menu. I am not vegan/vegetarian, so at times I am off put by places that only offer these options. But I have to say the food was EXCELLENT. I ordered the 
Grenwich sandwich on ciabatta. And the sandwich was delicious. All the ingredients (including the bread) were all fresh and very tasty and refreshing. I saw the salad, and it looked great and I will definitely be back to try that. 
The prices are spot on. The staff are all very kind and cheerful. And the low volume punk music/vibe w. the cool punk grafitti art, mixed with the cozy bright back, and library of books, creates a nice vibe.
I recommend!This was a nice find.  The menu feels a bit limited but what I had was quite tasty.  I had the seitan on sourdough sandwich and a huge chocolate chip cookie.  The staff was very friendly and patient, particularly since I was a newbie there.  It's def a good find if you'd like to ditch the Starbucks or Dunkin prices and experience.What a selection of tasty treats! Had the seitan sandwich, which had a nice zing to it. More importantly, we tried several desserts: cannoli, french silk cheesecake and a chocolate chip cookie sandwich. My wife commented that it was the best nondairy cheesecake that she's had. I loved the cannoli. The cookie sandwich was good, not great. We'll be back for sure.Grindcore House opened up down the street from my house not too long ago. It's a neat little coffeeshop that serves and exclusively vegan menu. I'm a confirmed carnivore, but to each his own.
Grindcore is convenient to the Route 29 bus so I've stopped in on my way into work a few times this summer. The staff is always friendly, prompt and helpful. I've only had to wait to be served once, and only because I was behind several other customers.
They offer a completely vegan menu. I haven't had any of the food, but the menu has a good selection of vegan versions of standard coffeeshop fare. There are also some gluten-free baked goods. I mostly get an iced coffee when I go in (b/c it's summer and its hot out!). The coffee is fantastic and strong, just the way I like it. I take my coffee black, so the lack of milk isn't a problem for me.
The whole vegan/green business part of the operation seems well thought out. They use special takeout cups that are compostable, for instance. They also offer a wide selection of non-dairy milks for your beverage (soy, almond, etc). That's an especially nice touch. The place seems busy for the neighborhood, so I hope it sticks around for a while and I get to enjoy it some more!Good coffee and bagels. Lots of vegan milks. Lots of space in the back to hang out. Loud, Heavy punk/screamo was a little too much to bare with morning coffee, almost left. A shame, know it's supposed to be a punk coffee shop, just very niche - limits the average person.The coffee was lukewarm and pricey. There were no decent creamers (and i know its a vegan spot but decent vegan creamers exist). The death metal they played was way too loud and it felt like a punk hard rock cafe. people there just tried **way** too hard. Good library!I absolutely love this place and I am not even vegan. Ordered a lavender iced latte with oak milk and could not have drank it fast enough! The staff is very friendly and there's a lot of seating space.I finally had a chance to go here and give this place a try. After my 1st experience here, I will probably come back again. The staff are incredibly friendly and make you feel welcomed as soon as you walk in. The white chocolate mint latte was awesome and I enjoyed the chocolate chip scones. I am not even vegan and I enjoyed the snacks they had. Maybe next time I will try one of their sandwiches.
Also had to add this, but I enjoy that their name reflects the music they play. Nothing better than relaxing while drinking a cup of coffee with grindcore playing in the background.I'm not a vegan, but this is quickly becoming my favorite coffee shop in town. 
Good coffee, super friendly staff. The sandwiches are tasty and hearty. The baked goods are delicious. The rooms are beautiful and tidy and spacious. There are interesting books and zines for browsing. There is artwork on display and for sale (at reasonable prices). You get the option of a bottomless cup of coffee for a few cents more than the regular cup. Oh, and wifi, naturally. This place has pretty much everything I look for in a coffee shop. Well done!Grindcore House is a great place to get coffee and listen to a interesting  selection of music. Ranging from mellow indie rock to grindcore (how ironic!).
The building seems very old and has a cool vibe to it. The architecture alone is reason enough to stop in for a cup of coffee. The front has one of the old wooden walk-in refrigerators and cute kitchen area. The back seating area has a homely feel to it. There is a ton of seating with several desks to do work on. The artwork throughout the place is really nice and adds even more character.  
I'm not sure what coffee they use, but it is fairly strong and tasty. They have a nice assortment of milk and creams available as well.
I can see myself becoming a regular here, its a great atmosphere and everyone there was very nice.My original review from 13 Jul 2012
Grindcore House
If you like (1) vegan food, (2) heavy metal, or (3) both, then you might like Grindcore House. I'm a huge fan of bagels with vegan cream cheese for breakfast and Grindcore House certainly delivers on that. I was shocked to see all of the vegan options, there were several bagel options and SEVERAL vegan cream cheese options! I ended up getting the scallion cream cheese on one side and jalapeno on the other. The scallion was certainly the winner. Overall, the cream cheese's were really good but I've had better bagels elsewhere in the city...I only wish I could get the bagel from one place and the cream cheese from Grindcore (easily). I also tried their matte late and thought it was average. In conclusion, I say give it a try if your close by.I don't consider myself that old, however, I suppose this review will end up being a testament to my increasing age. At the risk of sounding like Mr. Wilson from Dennis the Menace, I have to be honest from my perspective. After hearing great reviews about Grindcore's vegan options, I decided to come to Grindcore to meet with some people for some conversation related to our work. While my initial intention for coming here was to be mindful and welcoming to our vegan friend, I guess I should have known better than to come to a place named Grindcore with "conversation" in mind. I read a reviewer here write that the metal music blasting in the background eventually became "white noise" to him. Holy cow. I would hate to know what kind of sleep noise machine he has next to his bed at night. With the level the music was playing at, it was nearly impossible to converse. We were basically yelling at each other from across the table. I have no problem with the genre of music, but it was just so loud. I would come back here in the spring or summer months because while I did enjoy the coffee and food, I would have to sit my old self outside. It was just too loud in there. Coffee houses are usually places people come to work, study, converse, meet, etc. I can't imagine people working or studying with the level the music is playing at unless they sat in the bathroom the entire time.great service, treat selection and ambiance. love the large selection of cream cheeses; however, I wish they had a larger selection of savory food, especially for breakfastCame here one morning for a sandwich and coffee. Awesome selection of creative vegan sandwiches, and both of us were super impressed with each of ours. They run $6-8, which is very reasonable. Loved the grindcore / metal theme of the place too. Recommended.