The food was not good at all I'm not gonna come here again for sure we order shawarma and it's was not real one from the roll they cock it on the panThe previous owners would have gotten five stars.  Fresh, delicious, reasonably priced food with quick service and great attitude.  The new management is not even close to the previous ownership.  
It's nice that the staff all have matching polo shirts and the takeout menus are newer and fancier.  This doesn't compensate for the fact that no one knows how to take an order, gets it wrong when they do, and then overcharge.  There's no reason for a basic shwarma platter to increase from $15 to $20. You're talking about four small pieces of chicken, some rice, and salad.  Trust me, because I've eaten that same platter every week for two years.  
People got used to Etty and her warmth, great food, and fair pricing, and that's what brought them back week after week.  Sorry, Hamifgash.  I'm taking you out of the lunch rotation.Delicious food for a really reasonable price. Have been here several times and their falafel sandwich is delicious and the chicken breast kebab platter is spot on with large portions that leave you satisfied. The Turkish coffee and baklava are a great way to end a meal as well.Another kosher restaurant in center city!  This review should be 3.5 stars, but I rounded up because MacCabeam and this place are very similar, portion and price-wise.  So yes.  Also, this is coming from a shiksa.  Ok clarifications are done, onto the review:
I ordered the chicken breast kabob and my friend ordered the hamifgash kabob.  The meat portions on the hamifgash kabob are small while mine was decent.  They give a side of rice, salad, and pita with platters which are well-sized.  The rice is tasty, the salad ok, the pita alright.  If you're going to dine in, just sit down at a table, otherwise you are standing around for take out.
I really liked both of the platters my friend and I ordered.  The spices used in each were very tasty.  I'm definitely down for getting more food here again, maybe I'll just get them in a pita.  But yes, if you're tired of eating at Mama's and MacCabeam, this place has some new things for you to try since the cuisine, by the restaurant, is classified as israeli and turkish.  Prices are competitive with the others as well.  Enjoy!I came in craving a delicious falafel sandwich - Zesty, moist, crispy falafel balls, drizzled with a spicy sauce.... embedded in a fresh, soft pita stuffed with lettuce & tomato, thoroughly covered with a delicious tahini sauce.... Mmmmm.....
NOT!
Yes, the pita was fresh, yes the salad was there, yes, the three falafel balls were freshly deep-fried. But the finished product was bland, balls mushy, tahini plain. The combo was just so-so. I also had a potato knish: again, bland.
Israeli / Middle-Eastern cuisine is full of flavor, complex spices and herbs, appealing textures and colors. And one doesn't need to go to a fancy restaurant there, to enjoy these delicious traits even in simple offerings: cafes and convenient restaurants have the rich, abundant dishes for all to partake. So I guess I expected Hamifdash to offer the same, and to find my dream falafel.
I'll keep looking.I had matbukha and a falafel sandwich. Everything was fresh and delicious. The service was friendly and prices were extremely reasonable. I can't wait to go back. My new favorite lunch spot!The shwarma platter is great. Their soups are not to be missed, either.  The prices are quite reasonable. The place maintains a consistent quality.  The woman who runs the place is on top of things. Sadly, I have never seen the place filled. If they only were open for breakfast, I would be really happy. 
Although billed as an Israeli/Turkish restaurant, there is not much evidence of the Turkish side of the menu.This place may be kosher but it's far from being clean! I walked into the restaurant approximately 3:15 and was greeted promptly by a lady who asked if I was dining in or taking out. I decided to dine in to take in the full experience of a kosher item in a kosher setting. As I went to sit the lady called out to me 'oh here's the menu'. I'm dining in so I had to walk back and get the menu, that's a little confusing! As the restaurant has at least 25 tables. After going over the items on  the menu I walked back to the counter and proceeded to order. The first item that I attempted to order Bourekas was unavailable so I  just moved on to order my sandwich which was a lamb sandwich. The cashier explained how the sandwich was served, this was after asking. It's grilled lamb in a pita pocket with lettuce and tomato. Sounds good to me!
About five minutes later a man yelled over the counter to ask how would I like my lamb cooked. I said medium. The sandwich was served in a wrapping of foil on a plate. This really could have been described as salad in a pita pocket with random meat sporadically tossed around. The tomatoes, lettuce and pita pocket were all very fresh. 
The decor was old and not well-kept. The paneled walls are heavily stained with grease and dust. Did I mention how sticky all of the menus were? The overall decor was dull, dismal,dirty and dated! THIS DOESNT SOUND GOOD TO ME!!The food is good. Mama's is better, but the food is fine.
Oy, the service and the prices. A small side of sliced carrots was $5.50, almost as much as a falafel sandwich!
The wait staff is harried, a little rude, and not particularly quick.
I eat there 'cuz it's in the neighborhood-- but it's really sort of average in the end.It was my first time going and I wish I could give it 3.5 stars.  The service was quick for lunch; no complaints there.  I had the shawarma pita and the chicken shawarma itself was delicious; however, the sandwich as a whole left something to be desired.  There was no salad or hummus or tahini inside.  Maybe I just didn't order properly.  Next time I will make sure to ask them to put certain items inside the pita.  BUT, the hummus was some of the best I've had in the city.  Creamy and delicious, served with warm pita.  
Will definitely go back to try again.The falafel sandwich is decent, but this place just doesn't hold a candle to Mama's. Prices are kind of similar, though. Here, $9 gets you the falafel sandwich and a can of mango juice. At Mama's, $9 gets you the (better) falafel sandwich and a huge order of fries. 
The atmosphere is okay, like a shabby diner/Chinese restaurant with a slight Israeli twist. 
I am curious, however, about returning to try the Turkish food. It looked a little more on the expensive side, though.Decent kosher food in the center city. Reviewers say the check doesn't match the menu prices. We had the same experience but would return anyway.I came here for lunch on a Sunday, excited to get some Glatt Kosher food in Center City. When I was here the words "home cooked meal" kept coming to mind, but I can't put my finger on exactly why.
I ordered the Shawarma & beef kabaob mixed grill, with a side of salad and green beans, which also came with a complimentary side of pita. The shawarma was tasty, however the beef was a little on the dry side. All-in-all, for a kosher meal, I was satisfied :) I look forward to coming back for lunch in the future and trying their sandwiches and business lunch specials (on weekdays).
One other thing to note: I also got an "imported Israeli juice", and when I asked the waitress for it I referred to it as "Prigat" which is a common & popular brand of Israeli juice, since I assumed that this was the brand they had in stock. Surprisingly, this wasn't the brand of juice they had, and the waitress didn't seem to know what I was referring to. Not a big deal, since the juice they had on hand was just as tasty as Prigat.Like someone else on yelp suggested, it's mediocre. Service was on the slow side, but food did come out rather quickly. 
My father said the lentil soup was "not bad" and he didn't say much about his chicken schwarma sandwich. I had the eggplant sandwich, which I thought was going to come out warm, but it was cold. Tasted good, but there was nothing too special about it.I remember liking this place a lot more the first time I went. The lentil soup and tabbouleh were really good. The chicken kebab and rice were both pretty dry. Falafel was average. Babaganoush was pretty good too. Service was a little lacking because there was only one waitress and she seemed a bit overwhelmed. I'm really between a 3 and 4 :/Very reasonable prices here.  The mixed salad/dips plate is excellent.  I also had some falafel.  The taste was a little bit off, I felt.  I also had some lentil soup which was spot on.  Great lunch spot; among the best in the immediate neighborhood.I saw Hamifgash reviewed on Yelp and decided to give it a try.  I had the falafel sandwich for just $6 (including tax), and it was delicious. The pita was soft and chewy but nicely thick, so I didn't have to worry about everything falling apart in my hands.  The condiments had just the right balance of sauce and crunch.  
Because the restaurant is Kosher and they serve meat, everything is non-dairy.  This means that unless there's an egg in it, all the vegetarian dishes are also vegan.My family had a delicious meal at Hamifgash. The service was slow, because they were busy and only had two people serving; the ambiance is just ok, but I would still go back. The grilled eggplant salad, mixed grill, and lentil soup were fantastic!This place is definitely somewhere in the 3 to 4 star range.  This is my second  visit to Hamifgash, as it is in close proximity to my job.  I am by no means an expert in Israeli / Turkish food, and as such, I always have no idea and get really nervous when it's time to order.
About 2 years ago I was in Kansas City visiting my sorority sister and she introduced me to Schwarmas for the first time.  The one I had w/ her was delicious... so I initially tried it out at Hamifgash when I came back to PA.  My first time was decent, but there was certainly some level of spice / sauce factor that was missing and way too much lettuce for my liking.
Today I went back, and asked if I could get the chicken schwarma w/ a side of hummus (as a lot of the previous reviews raved about their hummus).  The owner (i presume) offered to put the hummus on the pita for me, which seemed to have saved me a few dollars, as opposed to going the side route.  This time around, my schwarma pita had just the flavor I was looking for and was still under $10, which I think is appropriate for a weekday lunch.
Because I was torn between 3 and 4 stars, the friendliness of the owner / lady at the cashier pushed me to 4 stars!  I guess she could see the hesitation in my face - and helped me out w/ my selection... Thanks!!First time at Hamifgash today. It's really close to work but never knew it was there. It's on the 800 block of Sansom; where I usually never walk. 
I was looking for a good chicken shawarma in closer proximity than some places by South St. This place does not disappoint on shawarma with pita. Pita was toasted lightly, filled very generously with loads of Shawarma, plus sauce and crisp veggies. It was great for lunch.  
Also tried the falafal. The were good. Nothing amazing, but I would stick to the chicken for a pita or platter. I'd like to try the hommous next time.  Looked pretty good in the restaurant.I am definitely a fan of Hamifgash. When I am near I always try to stop in for their falafel sandwich, it's good but I will definitely ask for more hummus next time. It was a bit dry for my likely. While I live on Israeli salad, their has too much green peppers for me which tends to upset my stomach. Oh definitely try the backlava, almost as good as my mothers....Decent Israeli-style in the Philadelphia "Diamond District"  Like most kosher places outside of NY, FL, or L.A.,  "atmosphere" isn't much of a priority.  More like the kind of place you'd find next to the tachanat merkazit in a town like Or Akiva, or Afula.   The food was decent - pita was fresh and warm, same with bourekas and falafel. Chummus was also good, with the right touch of olive oil, zaatar, and red pepper flakes.
Would have given it a higher rating, but they missed on a couple of things that were just too important:
First - no salatim or hamutzim at the tables??  (I'm referring to the small sampler plates of pickled vegetables that are always served as soon as you're seated; in Israel you'll find some restaurants put out at least a dozen or so) No self-respecting Israeli restaurant should ever skimp on something so basic, especially when you're paying a premium for kosher dining.
Second - the "salad" that was served (in their falafel and on their dinner plate) was a plain, American-style, soggy mess. Very sad.
Hope that they improve - especially if they want to stay in business.Came where for lunch with my coworkers.
The sandwichs are of good quality but portions are on the smaller side.  My Pita sandwich was $10 and it did not come with any sides (salad or fries) at all.  I think you can get similar quality down the street at the Chicken and Rice cart on 11th and Walnut for half the price.
The price is definitely on the higher side though.
This is a good place for a quick lunch if you are in Jeweler's row but don't expect cheap food.  The "platters" which is basically falafel or pita with meat on a plate instead of a wrap cost ~$15.  Maybe I've been spoiled by Greek Lady by UPenn but why pay double for the same quality food you can get elsewhere?Always a fun atmosphere. I wished they had Couscous and Mango juice. The service is fast, and the portions are large. The food quality seems OK and the flavor of the food could range from good to bad, depending on what you get. Overall you will feel full, so if this is the plan, you are likely to achieve it after you spend all the money it takes...If it is Israeli and kosher it is a winner.
Delicious vegetables and meats.  Makes me feel that I am in Israel.  Land of milk and honey
The land of King David.  G-d  bless this restaurant.How I wish that this place could be more consistent. Ever since one of my favorite restaurants closed this is my go to Shawarma spot. But It is just not consistent. Sometimes the meat is overcooked or under-cooked. I even tell them what I want. This is for both lamb and chicken. I always get it to-go so I can't really say anything about dine-in experienceThe baba ganoush and pita were to die for and the service was great. I was a tad disappointed in the shakshuka, but still not bad. The ambiance is lacking a bit, but the food is great and hey, it's kosher.We liked the food .. But we felt it's too costly for the price and food . We had lot of expectation on the shavarma .. It was okay okay .Methinks not at ALL! This was one of the worst restaurant experiences I have EVER had. Please avoid this establishment at all costs. They rip you off, we got 2 appetizers (a hummus and grape leaves) a small lentil soup and a chicken pita and we were told the bill came to $25 ($5 more than the menu indicated). We also had horrible service...even though we were the ONLY table!!! It took us 10 minutes to get water after asking several times. This is unacceptable. We really wanted to like it and usually trust the reviews on Yelp but this was a disappointment and we will never be back!Place doesn't seem to have a reliable hashgacha anymore. They changed it and now if you eat kosher one less place to have available for food. 
It's a bit tragic.  The food has been amazing.having just gotten back from a vacation in the middle east, i was excited to get more middle eastern food because i'm hungry like that. 
that said, the atmosphere wasn't much, and many people there seemed to either know each other or the people who owned the joint, but that didn't make the meal itself any less awesome. three of us ordered an appetizer each, and that would've been enough for a meal. 
the humus, the babagonoush, and the ridiculously amazing imam baldi were large and delicious, served with generous portions of pita bread, which was so, so good itself that we chowed down and left stuffed. actually, even more stuffed than we should've been because we decided not only to eat our generous meals -- served with sides of rice and lettuce for the meat dish and just simply outstanding on the falafel front -- but we had to try the deserts too. finally! a baklava that isn't so sweet your teeth immediately rot out of your head!
in other, brief news, the woman running the place was a sweetheart for sure!Hands down one of the best Falafels I've ever had... at Huminahuminafishstick?!?...that's what I call this place since I have trouble with the actual name. A perfectly crisp on the outside and tender on the inside Falafel that's well seasoned is actually hard to find. My wife throws caution to the wind every time she comes here and orders the special without even knowing what it is and she's never disappointed. Friendly staff makes this my go-to for world class Falafels.I ordered delivery last week. My food took about 2 hours to be delivered. Their phone number doesn't work most of the time so I had to call about 20 times until someone picked up and I could ask if my food was being delivered. 
I ordered the humus, 1 pita and shwarma platter with rice and vegetables. The rice and vegetables were good. I didn't like the meat, it was dry. The humus was spicy, I'm not a fan. 
Please fix your phone line!I ate here with my family after a matinee at the Walnut Street Theater. A bit pricey for what they sell, as many others mentioned, but I'd go back and order some of these items again.
Great: meat dishes, falafel, pita (pillowy and hot!), hummus, Israeli salad.
Don't bother: green salad (from a bag), fries (frozen crinkles), green beans (overdone and brown).
Note: sandwiches are takeout-only after 4pm, I guess to prevent you ordering a cheap dinner? Seems like a weird policy. My dad wanted a sandwich and dessert, but the platter he had to get instead was so big he ended up skipping the baklava, so in the end they didn't make any more money than they would have if they'd sold him the sandwich.I have to admit, I have an addiction. I can't come near this place near lunch and not go in for some delicious middle eastern food. 
They have some of the best babaganoush I've ever tasted. My go to dish is simply the shawarma pita, but the chicken kebab and hamifgash platters are pretty awesome and worth splurging for if your appetite is up to it. 
The decor is old school diner and I probably wouldn't have just stumbled in if a friend hadn't recommended it. Take it from this friend, its worth stumbling in. 
I'm craving it right now ;)My search for a place for great shawarma continues. 
I was suggested Hamifgash by the infamous C. LeBan as the place to get shawarma in Center City. Perhaps it was an off day but damn this food is kind of average. Maybe it's because I came later in the day. I ended up getting a mixed platter which had a plethora of meats but unfortunately, everything kind of fell short of expectation. There was nothing that really stood out to me as amazing. It was also pretty expensive, $21~ for a full plate which wasn't even that big. My buddy that came with me voiced the same opinion; average food, high prices. Maybe I'll come back another day for lunch for a sandwich.This place was great for take out. I got the restaurant's namsake kebab on a pita as well as the hummus. The kebab was fine, but the hummus was to die for! I highly recommend it for anyone who likes lebanese food.The Good: My husband raved about the kibbeh. Their white bean salad was to die for, and their Israeli salad was very good. 
The Average: Trying to order when there's even a little bit of a crowd was a HUGE pain in the butt. It took forever. Ugh. 
The bad: Doesn't have a lot of options for people who have food allergies--I wish that they had more just-vegetable dishes or gluten-free chickpeas.Was a great lunch spot! Service was good and very quick. I will say it was a little pricey for lunch. Only had one entree and a side of Israeli salad and $25. 
otherwise, pretty good.I work right up the street from Hamifgash and I go there multiple times a week to get a Chicken Shwarma Pita for lunch.  It is excellent, definitely one of the best Shwarma sandwiches I have had in America.  The only downside is that they do not use LevelUp, which would just put the cherry on top if they did.Food here was really fresh and super tasty and I love the no frills just good food atmosphere. 
I highly recommend the Israeli Salad, and they are not kidding when they say they have the best hummus in town. On my second visit the salad bar was available (you get a plate full with any meat platter). Everything was so good. 
Don't forget to grab a piece of home made Baklava - lots of pistachio! Looking forward to my next visit for sure!The sandwiches are not bad, maybe a little salty, but $12 for a pita sandwich and some pre-frozen fries is a bit steep...This place does not deserve any stars. If you have celiac disease, do not go to this restaurant. I called up to see if they were open and the guy who answered the phone said they were open and  glatt kosher I forgot to ask whether they had or what was gluten free. We get there, no mashgiach in site, the guy behind the counter wasn't wearing a kipah. When I asked the waitress what if anything was gluten free she didn't know what gluten free meant. Then when I asked her what other languages she spoke, so I could translate in her own language what gluten free meant, she said she spoke no other language even though English was not her mother tongue. When I tried asking the guy behind the counter he also didn't know what gluten free meant. Then I asked for to speak with the man who answered the phone they said he wasn't there.My friend called this 'the best falafel in town' and he was totally right.  The falafel sandwich was outstanding.  Fresh, crusty pita bread, cilantro-heavy falafel and the tastiest hummus around.  
The babaganoush is not to be missed, either.  Creamy and without a ton of eggplant skins made it just right.  And as other reviewers have noted - the pita comes fresh made and straight out of the oven.  And they're not shy to bring you more.  Awesome.One of the cleanest and genuinely gracious restaurants you would want to find in any given city. I was the first lunchtime customer on a rainy day and I was in the mood for a substantial sandwich and I could read my book.  A local policeman on the beat at 8th Street supplied the answer to my question " Is there a good Jewish deli around here?" "Not a Jewish deli but there's a Jewish restaurant up that street." as he pointed down Samson Street.  You can't believe a vegetable soup with clear to the bottom broth could be so fully savory with dill and barley. Their namesake lamb dish in a pita pocket had the freshest vegetables you could imagine and with just the right Mediterranean seasonings. Since I casually ordered from the counter when I arrived and someone brought the lunch to my seat I guess I shouldn't have expected someone to ask if I wanted a coffee and desert when I finished and sat uninterupted for an additional 15 minutes. I'm not that experienced in the variety of Turkish/Israeli foods on the menu but given the cleanliness of the place and the  freshness of my food I'd be willing to experiment.My boyfriend and I were looking for a place to eat after walking around washington square and we came across this place.  He happens to be Israeli and loved every second of it.  The people were very friendly and the food was AMAZING.  Quick service, very authentic, definitely a little piece of Israel in the middle of Philly.  I will definitely recommend the Shwarma pita, it was the best I've ever had.  this place rocks!Good food and service. Dry baklava.This place looks modest, but the food is wonderful. I stopped by for the first time tonight to order take-out. The hummus with foul was truly outstanding. The grilled chicken and grilled fish were simple, but tasty and satisfying. My mom is Israeli and it all reminded me of the food she used to make at home. I will definitely come back.Great go to spot.  The prices range from 7-14 on entrees and appetizers are about 4-5 bucks each.  The food is delicious and the service is great, probably because we went around 7pm and it wasn't too busy.  The bread is freshly toasted.  The babaganoush was delectable.  I ordered the Jerusalem mix, which mixed beef and chicken kababs over the delicious rice and a side salad.  This could be considered pricey relative to the food, but relative to other restaurants, the prices are competitive.  I will definitely come back!Fair. Ordered a Shawarma sandwich to go with everything in it.  ( salad, spicy sauce, tahini, chips etc). The pita bread was soft and fresh. Unfortunately the meat was flavorless, some of it quite dry. Only a sparce bit of lettuce and tomato, the lettuce a tad brown. There was no green spicy sauce (any sauce any color or flavor actually), hot peppers or anything else in with it. The 'extra' side of tahini requested was in the bag along with napkins.  Having been here before can only wonder if quality / service has had a severe decline or a bad day. Bummed. I was so in the mood for good Shawarma.I work just down the block and walk by this place nearly every day. More to the point, I've ordered platters and salads that just weren't my taste so I kind of brushed it off and never bothered again. However, after reading the reviews on yelp, I decided to go ahead and order a falafel sandwich, and I'm really glad I did.
The best falafel sandwich I've ever had was at L'As du Fallafel in the Marais in Paris. That was drippy crazy heaven. The Falafel sandwich is made with their delicious pita bread along with salted cucumbers, hot sauce, tahini, pickled red cabbage, fried eggplant and hummus. In a word: PERFECTION. 
All falafel I have since is compared to this sandwich. 
Well, Hamifgash keeps their sandwich basic but there is tons of flavor. I would have liked the tahini sauce to come standard as I didn't bother asking for it (shy) but it still stands up without all the sauce.
I will be coming back often.I hate writing a bad review. But in order for the place to get at least somewhat decent, bad reviews are needed right?? My kids barely touched the food it was extremely tasteless-i mean how bad can a hot dog be? And chicken nuggets for kids? Fries were half frozen. Please read this review and try making your food with flavor and evenly cooked. My husband who normally eats everything could barely touch his plate of beef and rice and salad. It's extremely unlike him since he LOVES food. Good luck!!This is a bonafide 5 star gem!  Had to visit Jeff and stumbled in due to great Yelp reviews. The Israeli salad, falafel and shawarma were the real deal. Had just visited Israel last year and it met all standards from the motherland. Also had bourekas which were an excellent app. I will be returning and often!Outstanding! Israeli style delicious food. Order the Shawarma and spinach borekas. Add 5 $ and enjoy the salad buffet.
The service is great and Eti was helpful.Kosher and middle Eastern food, fresh and reasonably priced. A good bet for lunch or take out.I just had an amazing chicken doner(Sharma) it really was very good. Juicy and tasty.
The rice that came with it should improve little bit,  was little dry. 
I had kadayif dessert and it was very light.Their lamb and chicken platters were fantastic, the meat was cooked perfectly and remained quite juicy. The service staff was quick with our orders and routinely checked up on us. 
The quaint and homey atmosphere is great for a meal with friends or a date. The prices are reasonable and the food is delicious.It took us a few minutes to find this place since it was on a hidden part of Sansom street but just made the adventure all the more fun. An added bonus was that parking is free on Sundays and the Walnut Street Theater was literally right around the corner. When we walked in, there were only a few tables occupied so we received quick service, and the food came out fast. We ordered the eggplant salad, shawarma platter, and hamifgash platter. Even though I hate eggplant, this eggplant salad was delicious; I forgot that I was eating eggplant! The two platters came with rice and side salads which were so good that we ate everything on our plates. I ordered the sharwarma because I've wanted to try it and like every other nerd, I've wanted it since I heard it on Iron Man. I would describe it as shredded meat mixed with vegetables which went well with the rice. The hamifgash were lamb patties which were also tasty. I wanted to try the baklava but I decided to go with something different and got the coconut cake with honey instead. It had a great balance of coconut and sweetness without being overpowering. We felt like we were at someone's mom's house and being fed a homemade meal. The only downside was that I'm pretty sure she overcharged me. This is the type of place that just calculates your bill on a calculator and verbally gives you a number. I'm quite sure that my bill should have been $33 plus tax but she charged me $40 total. Oh well, I just factored in the parking that I got for free and left it as that. Next time, I'll be pre-calculating my own bill.Not the best service but the food was outstanding! Their Israeli/Turkish take on kibbeh is pretty delicious (much chewier than the Lebanese or Armenian versions--maybe a different type of wheat?), and I liked the Mixed Grill sampler I got. The moussaka is fantastic. Service was not that great but who can complain when you're stuffing your face with delicious Middle Eastern food?We were not impressed, really. While the food was adequate and fresh, the flavors were rather dull. We asked about swapping salads with our entree and were told we could, but then received both and were charged for the extra. The entree serving sizes were as expected, but the appetizers we ordered were very small, especially considering the price.Excellent fresh authentic food! Very reasonably priced. The tables are not particularly comfortable. Would recommend.Great spot to pop in for lunch.  The falafel is moist and delicious and so is the lamb.  I usually go and pick up a sandwich to take to Washington Square in the spring/summer.  The pita is great too.The place was cold,  The portions were really small.  The Chicken shawarma  came iceberg lettuce and was mediocre at best.  One of us ordered the platter which was five dollars more than a sandwich.  Came on a small plate with the pita on the side.  Would have been the same amount of food as ordering a sandwich.  Service was good.  
Was still hungry and went  to Mama's Vegetarian for their tasty and reasonablyIf you want legit Israeli/Middle Eastern food you gotta go here. Best Shwarma outside of Israel!We ate an early dinner there last night with another couple, at their suggestion.  I ordered two cold appetizers - hummus ($4.95) & babaganoush ($4.95) - and bourekas filled with spinach ($4.75).  My husband ordered a large combination salad ($15.95).  The other couple each ordered lentil soup and they shared a large combination salad.
When my food arrived, I didn't think the portion sizes would be enough (especially the bourekas, which consisted of two small pieces) - but I ended up being sufficiently full.  Also; a basket of pita bread was provided for the table - but since two of my three items needed pita bread and since the other three people had some hummus in their salads, I really should have been given a separate order of pita bread (and, in fact, I'd asked our server if that would be the case ["yes"]).  I didn't bother saying anything, but that was certainly an oversight.  Otherwise, however, our server was pleasant.
The food was DELICIOUS and the restroom was very clean.When you first walk in it seems a bit pricey.  Lunch Special rings in at $16.95.   But I got two of the cheapest things on the menu; Falafel sandwich and hummus, and they were both awesome.   Each was under $10 and well worth the price in taste and size.
One way I've learned to judge an ethnic restaurant is how many people from that background actually eat there.  If its a lot, then the food is probably authentic and done right.  I was the only person here at lunch hour not from that background.  
Service was prompt and food was ready in minutes, but no follow ups after that.   
Good place to get lunch.  The sandwiches will fill you up for a modest price.Unpretentious decor, but wonderful service and good food--meats, falafel, rice pilaf...Was a pretty nice place and we will definitely becoming back. First off, the decor is very nice. We went in on a weeknight and it wasn't that busy so the server was able to give lots of attention and she was very nice. The prices are pretty standard for this level and the portions are pretty large. The chicken shawarma  in both of our dishes was cooked perfectly, very juicy and succulent without being under cooked at all.  the dish were extremely fresh, the freshest I've tasted in a restaurant in quite a while.I love the baklava and lentil soup as well. i'm very happy we have a delicious ,awesome restaurant in Philadelphia .Thank you guys....This place does not have a clear orthodox kosher certificate for meat.
The Hechsher certificate mentions that it should be Pareve.
 -       ,Amazing food and vegetarian friendly! Staff were very helpful and accommodating. Combo platter features a variety of different meats, including a beef-lamb creation that's uber tasty. Shakshuka was terrific, and the stuffed grape leaves were the BEST I have ever had..and I'm a dolma snob.  Hebrew spoken here. Thanks for a wonderful dinner within easy strolling distance to Independence Hall!  We will be back!I went to visit this place today and was very upset with the experience for several reasons: Althought the place was clean, the owner in one ocassion was handling cash, picking her nose, smoking and  serving food without washing her hands. Kosher? Think again. Portions are miserable for what they charge, although the flavors were good. The dish I had I could had made at home, and I'm not Jewish.I love this place. Shawarma is delicious and well flavored. I have always had great meals here. Another plus is that it is located in the jewelry district.Very tasty, like home cooking. I was surprised when the tab was $25 for chicken with rice and salad, two spinach pies, and baklava, but ok, I guess I over-ordered? But all I really wanted when I came in was a shwarma and was told they'd run out. Yet there was grilled chicken in the dish they suggested as an alternative so I'm a little confused still. Hope to go and try again :-)Food is between 3 and 4 stars. I came to get take out once and dined in last night. When I got the take out I was confused by the bill since the items added up to about 21 dollars before tax but she showed me something over 25. I didn't question it and just paid. the Hummus was pretty good, though the container was small and it was barely filled past the halfway mark. The pitas were great though I don't think they even come close to being twice as good as the ones from the street carts despite costing twice as much.
Last night we were told that they didn't do pitas at nighttime and that we had to order platters, the price difference being about 5 dollars, though you get enough food to easily make 2 overstuffed pitas so that it was actually probably the better deal. We had the shwarma and the hamifgash which is a lamb and parsley flat meatball. The shwarma isn't like shwarma I'm used to that comes in the form of strips of meat. It was diced up chicken cubes. Flavors were all there and familiar. The lamb meatballs were a little salty, though it was preferred to the shwarma by my companion.
They make all their food beforehand, and heat it up on the flat top for you. It's almost like a cafeteria. Last night I did find a hair on my plate, but I didn't bother to raise the issue with our server since she had a heavy accent and was so polite I felt odd. I guess since my mom was always a fantastic but sloppy cook I've come to see "ethnic" women in their 50s and 60s as extensions of her and I don't mind the lack of manners or want of better hygienic practices as much as I would at another place. 
Another weird thing was the bill. Total of the dishes were 25.90 before tax. She showed us an inscrutable though neatly inscribed bill for over 29. I asked if I can pay with card, she said cash is better but card is okay. I give her my card, she swipes it, and I see an amount for a little over 27. I see why she says cash is better, since the amount would just be made up? Maybe because they pay more for glatt kosher butcher and grocer or the preparation is more meticulous, they just invented a tax system of their own? Anyway, I will definitely be back as it is so close and the food is thus far reliably good. They close at 8 though so if they weren't so close that would have been a hindrance.Good authentic middle eastern food. The owners are Israeli of Turkish descent, their food is as close as it possibly gets to real, authentic middle eastern. I confess i would give it 5 stars if they were open on Saturday, when i have more time to go dine out. But unfortunately i have to wait for Sunday......anyways, this place rocks!!!I wandered in here a week or so ago for lunch in order to get something a little different after the usual quickie sandwiches.  The restaurant is in a quiet little corner of Sansom tucked in between 9th and 8th St. I'd have never found it except a friend of mine stumbled across it and thought I might like it.
So I ordered the chicken shawarma and baba ghanoush as an appetizer. The baba ghanoush was very fresh and tasted pretty good, although it was a little creamier than I was used to. The chicken shawarma had a lot of flavorful meat. The bread that came with it was a little burnt, but still edible. 
Service was decent, although it did take some time for my order to come up. Its a weird place where you order pay upfront at the cash register and they bring every thing to you. Which always begs the question, do you tip or not tip. In my case I tipped to be on the safe side.
I might go back again for something different when I have time for a leisurely lunch. Be forewarned, they take off for Jewish holidays, so you have to think of that before you try going.I just had lunch here, I think this place is terrible. We ordered a salmon grill, its price on the manual is 14.95, and when we checked out, the price turned to 17.95 and listed as "fish of the day". And every dish we ordered increased 2 or 3 dollars! When we asked why the price changed, the waitress said they provided us the larger grill pieces. That's so absurd! We did not ask that! Guess what, the fish and beef were almost uncooked! And the waitress' attitude is really really bad! I hope you guys will never be this place in the future!REAL TALK = find me a better falafel sammich in this town. you won't. 
same goes for the babaganoush. 
hamifash reigns supreme.
i've been eating here somewhat frequently for 3 years now. 
i keep meaning to branch out and try other stuff, but i can't get enough of the falafel sandwich (w/hummus) and the sides of babaganoush!
although i did recently try their lentil soup (with a crucial zing of lemon juice in it) and nearly melted into my chair it was so spot-on.
i always try and bring a newbie everytime i go.
and not once have i gone  without converting the hell out of all those who join me.
"HAMIFGASH?!" they say, "MORE LIKE...OH MY GOSH!"
anywho, do it.
win at life for a change.OH MY GOODNESS!!!!!!!!!!!  OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I frequent yelp to read of others' opinions and feedback  when I travel but have never felt compelled to write one of my own. 
I was SO impressed at the quality of the food that I had to leave a review.  Being Kosher and also coming from a somewhat Turkish background, it reminded me of the flavors of my youth. In my experience, no other restaurant on the East Coast has come close to the authenticity, experience and passion needed to create such delicious food.  When I make my next trip to Philly I will most certainly be coming back to Hamifgash Glatt Kosher Grill.  Until then, all of you out there in Yelp land, NEED to try Hamifgash. I'm  sure the taste of my out-of-this-world lunch experience will be making many dream appearances.
Kol HaKavod, Mazel tov and Teşekkür Ederim!!   AMAZINGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I have eaten here on two occasions. The food is good but the service is awful.  Nobody greets you when you walk in or tells you where to sit.  When the server finally acknowledges your presence, it might be helpful to bring a menu.  The second time I went here, the server came over and asked us what we wanted.  I suggested a menu might be helpful in speeding our decision.  Then when we placed our drink order, the server had to go over to the cooler to see what canned sodas were available.  I asked three times for a glass of ice.  
The food is tasty and arrived within the same fiscal quarter as when we ordered but don't ask for anything else, like a condiment.  Clearly, the service policy is to be thankful that your food arrived and leave it at that.  The check arriving also is an expectation that is not automatic.  I am all for hiring your relatives but maybe they could hire someone who knows how to wait tables?