A nice new place for hotspot. The really little sheep Mongolian from China and the taste of broth is authentic. However it is not spicy enough and not everyone like the taste of the the broth, which resembles Chinese medicine.This place is great! Server was helpful, or just really good at up selling our meal. We ordered a ton of food and had enough for lunch the next day.The original broth was very flavorful and all of the meats, seafood, tofu, and vegetables were great. We came for an early dinner so there was no wait time and service was reasonably quick. All of the food looked fresh and it was delicious. Prices were reasonable. Great for kids and a group. I definitely plan on returning.My most favorite hot pot place in Philly by far. The broth is just so flavorful and most of the ingredients are pretty fresh. However, it seems like the quality of their meat and vegetables has gone down since their opening. I prefer how thin the meat were sliced before and how fresh the shrimps used to be. Nonetheless, I keep coming back for their broth and fishroe. I'd also recommend their sesame buns with condensed milk.I have been to this place three times this month (!) and let me tell you: 
They have a vast selection of meats (beef cuts, seafood, etc.), noodles and veggies. Only two broths, but they're both pretty good. For hot pot newbs (like myself), I would recommend ordering your broth before your ingredients so your soup is already boiling by the time they come out. The Little Sheep recommended selections are pretty spot on, and they give you a generous quantity of everything.
This place would definitely be more worth it, if you came with a 3+ party (gratuity starts at 8+), but even with a party of 2, we still averaged about $17-20 per person (granted we were conscious about ordering too much meat and also love our veggies!).
Only negatives would have to be that my boyfriend didn't appreciate having to pay extra for rice and that the counter dial controllers are on the side which either makes it awkward to have to peer over and fiddle around with or makes you dependent on inattentive servers to handle (how can they serve and monitor different cooking stations at once?). 
Bottom line: This place is worth a shot, if you're looking to treat yourself on a cold day.Went here for dinner last night and I can honestly say that I like this hot pot place the best. I've read that they didn't have a sauce bar because their broth is that good and thought that's a mighty big claim. Let me tell you, it's no lie. Price wise I feel like it'll be the similar if you went to Hippot a la carte. My cousin and I actually came back to do the lunch special and I felt it was a good deal. 13 dollars for an assortment of veggies 4 oz of meet and some meatballs. I definitely will be coming back with more people.First time in a hot pot place. Waiters are very friendly and will give you guidance if needed. Had beef and veggies with a spicy and non spicy combo broth. Everyone loved both. 
Hope they will start serving alcohol soon. A great beer was the only missing element. Would definitely return and bring more guests! Keep it up guys.Had dinner in there last night. We were greeted immediately once walked in, the place is big comparing to other restaurants in Chinatown. More important, it's very clean! 
The service was very good, the server introduced their specially made broth, I got prompt response every time when I needed service. 
The food was very good too. We had original and spicy broth, both were good. And the dishes were fresh. Very pleased. 
The price was reasonable. We spent $100 for 4 people after tips. 
Overall, we had a very pleasant experience. Will definitely go back again!EXTREMELY excellent service.
Food is great being to the Edison one this one had better prices and better tasting broth. The sauces here taste different than the Edison location and that's why it's a 4 star. 
Hot pot is excellent location for food at dinner at lunch. Food taste and quality is excellent.
This location will have parking issues if utilizing a vehicle. Expect a short walk and money towards parking.The waiters are very attentive and quick. The cost is normal for manhattan, so I can't really complain.  The restaurant is very clean. I enjoyed the assortment of options we tried, including egg noodles, fish balls, bok choy, beef, and spicy vegetable broth.This is my new FAVORITE hot pot place! Oh my goodness. The broths were full of flavor and the portions were huge!! The service was amazing - the staff was so attentive. 
There are other all-you-can-eat hotpots around but by far, Little Sheep had the best flavors and quality meats and veggies. It came out to be the same pricing as ayce. 
Thanks Little Sheep! So glad you're in Philly now. I will come back again and again!Highly recommended! Love this new hot pot place! The chili oil is awesome. The dining environment is super nice. Servers are friendly, and will advise you on what to order and will let you know if you ordered too much food. Their food portion is great! Over all a great place! Will definitely come back.Stopped in here about a month ago and was not disappointed. 
The food was awesome and staff was very attentive. 
The Lamb Meatballs are a must try.
Will definitely be returning to Little Sheep the next we want some Hot Pot!Anything you can think of for hotpot...they have...from your meats to your veggies. Came here for my girlfriend's birthday, we got in around 830 ish for dinner.  The original flavored broth is spicy enough to give you a kick, but not enough to get you sweating. They also keep the temperature of the place in a very well maintained cool temperature which is SO key to a good dining experience. Who wants to be sweating and eating spicy hotpot at the same time? Now getting back to the soup, you can see the peppers and asian herbs that are used to season the soup. Little sheeps soup contains a secret seasoning that's hard to master and that's what separates it from the rest. The broth literally is the make or break on hotpot. You can have mediocre ingredients but having good broth can mask the imperfections quite well. The quality of the food is high and the overall dining experience was enjoyable as the waiting staff took care of us in regards to filling up our drinks, refilling the hotpot water for broth and asking us if we needed anything.I was pleasantly surprised to find out that they opened a Little Sheep in Philly. I used to go to Little Sheep a lot back at home in SF so I'm familiar with the chain. This opening came just in time for the cold weather!
I was here with a friend on a Monday evening at around 6 pm for a belated birthday celebration and we had to wait around 10 minutes for a table, not because they were busy, but because it was their soft opening (until late October I think) and perhaps they lacked staff (?). Nevertheless, we were given the menu as we were waiting so we could start checking stuff off on the list of food items. They don't have an all you can eat option (for dinner at least, unsure about lunch deals) and the prices for the meats were about $10 for a plate. The interior is very spacey and all the tables have a good amount of space between them so you won't feel crowded despite the place actually being filled with people. 
The broth is very good! You get the regular milky bone marrow broth or the spicy version of that. The portions of the meats were very good. For stuff like fishballs and tofu, I think we got around 6 pieces. We also got a dessert on the house (fried mini pancake with red bean filling and sugar on the outside). 
The total came out to be around $66 for two, which is slightly more than what it would cost at an all you can eat place in Chinatown, but I loveeee Little Sheep's broth. I would definitely come back if I'm ever in the area celebrating a special occasion!This place was Amazing. Best hot-pot I have had in Philly for sure. I was a little skeptical of the no sauces idea but the broth was actually so dang good I didn't need any! My only negative was that their white rice is terrible, no one else in the restaurant seemed to really have ordered in, but I like a good bite of rice now and then between my spicy stuff. But their rice is super bad. But that's not why people go there, so over-all great time.Husband likes the food very much .the soup was a little salty but over all good. Food was fresh. We don't each much . Bill came out $66 for two of us. The experience was good. But I wasn't amazed by anything . Service was friendly . No reservations, first come first serve .This is probably as good as hot pot gets in Philly. They use the freshest and top quality ingredients I've tried in comparison to competing local hot pot joints. The menu selection are more authentic, and the broth was anything but bland. 
I went with my mother, who does not eat a lot, and it was about $35/pp after tax tip (which really means I ate about $50 lol). Not the most economic places if you have a big appetite. When it comes to hot pot I personally still prefer the AYCE, and Nine Ting is only a couple blocks away, for $22/pp. This place was definitely better in terms of ingredients and atmosphere, and their employees are some of the most friendliest you'll find in Chinatown.The atmosphere here was real nice. Clean and simple interior. I had the half&half broth Which was really Good. I preferred the non-spicy broth. The food was delicious.I love hotpot whether I'm doing it at home or elsewhere and Little sheep is my elsewhere. 
Be forewarn, the wait on weekend is really long. They do have a system where they call you when your table is ready but be ready to wait anywhere from 30 minutes to over an hour. When you actually eat, the service is quick and friendly. Despite the busy atmosphere, I never felt rushed to finish my food. 
The broth is so good! And if you can't tell by just looking at the spicy broth, it's spicy! But in a good way where your mouth isnt numb and you can still taste the food. The food quality was really good which is important when you hotpot because no one wants a dingy piece of meat in their broth.
Definitely will come back but will plan to come early to put my name in before anything else.It's about time this place made it to Philly! Best hot pot around.  The broth is perfectly flavored and hard to replicate.  Good variety of items to choose from.  I don't need to drive to Edison, NJ to get my Little Sheep fix.  The space is great, I do wish they had the sauce bar available to everyone.  You have to request it. 
Only con, Ventilation could be better, your body will reek of Mongolian spices.  Worth it.So glad they opened a legit hotpot place in philly! Kind of on the pricey side.. but that's expected w eating hotpot at a restaurant. Their lunch special definitely is worth it though. Great ambience and friendly staff! Will definitely come back!This is my favorite hot pot place BUT staff, environment, and flavoring doesn't compare to the one in Edison NJ! I love that location.Thankfully, I went to Little Sheep with someone who knew more about hot pots than me. They use fresh ingredients, and the staff are attentive and friendly. They have good vibes for casual conversation. Pretty standard hot pot chain. Get half & half broths! The taste of the broth will change depending on what you put inside, so choose wisely :) you can't really go wrong thoughTheir milky bone marrow broth is SO good that I wasn't even mad after I was eating that they don't have a sauce bar like Hippot and other hot pot places. 
The only thing that would make this better is if they had an all-you-can-eat option like the location in Seattle.The food is delicious, but the service is... variable. When we first walked in, we were ignored for about 5 minutes. Then, despite being able to see tables, we were told to wait longer for them to "set up." This was confusing, since we could see that all the tables were already set up.
Once we were seated, we opted for half and half, and it was delicious. However, my complaint about the spicy broth is that there are way too many peppers and peppercorns, which are not really edible, and make the experience a little frustrating at times. Also, this particular location lacks an all-you-can-eat menu, instead, you choose each dish separately. The cost ends up really adding up!
Otherwise, the restaurant is clean, atmosphere is good, and environment looks trendy.Since hot pot is only of my favorite meals, I've tried many different places. I must say that I keep coming back to this specific franchise (the locations in both Philly and New York). The hot pot and sauce ingredients are fresh. But the best thing about Little Sheep, in my opinion, is the soup base. My family usually gets the half spicy/half original soup base. The broths are so flavorful, I usually end up drinking them like a soup. It's not necessary to use sauce when the soup base is so delicious, but you have the option to. I'd also highly recommend their sour plum juice (very nice compliment to the meal)!So, this is one of the most authentic hotspot place you will ever find. It's a chain restaurant in China and has made its way to the US. But unlike your normal chain restaurants, little sheep never disappoints. It tastes exactly the same no matter where you go!!! But guys, the sauce bar though, where is my sauce bar???!!!!!!!
#bringbackthesaucebarIt tasted like I teleported back to California. I thought maybe the east/west coast difference would've changed their flavoring somewhat but no, not at all. It tasted just as good, and the menu the exact same. Always go for the yin/yang broth divider. And I always go wild on the enoki mushrooms. And afterward I drink the broth because it's so good. Gorged myself for $30 with some friends and it was worth every penny.Best service I've ever had in a Chinese restaurant. Or best service for a restaurant only $$. The hot pot soup is very delicious also.The food was fantastic , the broths delicious and savory. Service was great.
I have one main concern that will keep me from returning . The ventilation is terrible, and based on the space layout , there is not good air flow. As a result, your clothes and jacket and anything you bring in will absolutely reek of potent Mongolian spices for a very long time. Do not wear anything that can't be washed in a standard washing mine here .
Again food was great , but not worth the Hassle for me.Heard lots of mixed comments but mostly good comments about it. Went to try but very very disappointed. Soup is good to drink alone. other than that it's not as good as half of homemade hot pot.Been to a couple of Little Sheep locations and this one is my least favorite because it has no sauce bar and takes no reservations.  The ingredients are fresh and their soup base is great, but hotpot needs the sauces and greens (scallions, cilantros).  They claim the broth is so flavorful so you don't need sauces.  Well...I've been to several locations of this franchise around the world and this is the ONLY location that doesn't have a sauce bar.  You can ask for sauces, they only have 4, plus they will ask if you've been here before, before giving you the sauces.  Don't know why they ask that question..wonder if you answer no, if they will charge you or not give them to you altogether.  Hotpot dinners are typically longer since you're cooking food and having great conversations, so be prepare to wait an average of 30-45min+ during peak hours and cold nights.  They need to do at least call aheads so the wait is not as long.I came back for the weekday lunch special, as mentioned in my previous review. I came in when they opened at noon.
Walked in and had several staff members look at me while going about their business. No greeting or acknowledgement for a good 5 minutes. I awkwardly stood there to wait, assuming they were still setting up since they just opened but once someone finally decided to acknowledge/seat me, I saw that there were already several customers seated/eating. 
Took quite a while for us to order and receive our food. The waiter seemed unsure about the menu items I asked about. No one refilled my empty water glass until I had to flag someone down. 
They played overbearingly loud Fetty Wap, Nicki Minaj and Drake songs. This might be ok during dinner, but there were elderly folk eating here at this time and while it wasn't even close busy.. 
The portions were decent for the lunch special -- a good combination of meat, seafood and veggies. I came out relatively full.
Customer service needs major improvement here. How is ok to ignore your customers when they walk in and not check up on customers as they're eating? As a waitress myself, those are just basic duties that shouldn't even be asked of.Shoulda known when I walked in behind a Chinese hipster that this place would be hipster pretentious. Broth is meh, and too salty. Like a previous reviewer stated, need the side sauce. Not my fav, but everything was fresh.This place was a great deal for $12.95 lunch special. The broth, as mentioned in many reviews, was very flavorful (we had the white bone broth). The food was nicely presented and everything was fresh. We ordered lamb and beef as the meat portions to go alongside our greens and veggies. Both of these thinly sliced proteins were very good and they cook quickly. They have a sauce bar in the rear (maybe they listened to previous yelper complaints about not having any) for additional flavor enhancing, but we didn't need to add any. We were seated promptly upon entering around 12:30 on a weekday, and service was good. We were seated in the rear seating area and there were about 4 other occupied tables at the time. The restaurant is pretty spacious so it was definitely not crowded. The interior has a cool modern look and was very clean. Looking forward to trying other items at another visit.Had a wonderful time as a group of inexperienced hot potters at Little Sheep. Our party was disorganized and difficult and the staff was very patient with us. I believe our server was named Cindy, but everyone we interacted with was very helpful. Cindy helped us pick out which food to order and how much, and checked in with us regularly. I will definitely go again, and this time our party will know how to do it! Oh yeah, and the food was amazing!I've never had hot pot before and this was a fabulous introduction. Fresh food, excellent service, delicious and a great value. Dinner for 3 (that we couldn't finish) was less than $50!!!
I'll be back next time I'm in the area.Went today for lunch. There was 3 separate tables filled when we walked in. We watched as the tables filled, took 30 minutes to receive even a water meanwhile everyone around us received theirs. When it came to food all the couples who came in after us , including big families also were given food before us. Walked out and will not be going back.Delicious! I'm a big fan of hot pot and Little Sheep is definitely on the top of my favorite lists. Philly has gotten more and more hot pot restaurant options lately but they are definitely not all the same. I think that the soup base at Little Sheep is really on point and this is so important when eating hot pot! My family of 10 dined here recently and even with such a large party (3 kids included) they accommodated us with no problems! The service was friendly and quick and the place is very spacious and clean. There's not a huge "sauce bar" but the basics are covered and I had no complaints. We ordered two large pots of half and half soup base--half original bone broth and half spicy. The spicy one was Ok (I'm not a fan of Szechuan peppercorn) but the original was DELICIOUS! All the meats and vegetables that we ordered were very fresh and the portions were quite generous. Food came out quickly and the whole meal went smoothly. I'm a big fan and will definitely be back!1st - They don't offer All-you-can-eat anymore
2nd - Must ignore the menu statement "Sauces are not recommended for our style of hot pot." No bruh. Trust me. you need the sauces. you won't regret it or else everything taste bland. 
3rd - They nickel and dime you. So it gets pretty pricey. 
4th - It's a big chain restaurant with locations in Canada, China, and Japan. 
Okay. If you never had hot pot, Shabu shabu, or the likes then definitely go ahead and try it out and expand your foodie experiences. This place should you offers a good experience. They offer good cuts meat. seafood and vegetables are fresh for our orders. The herbals in the spicy broth can be over powering for those who not use it it.  Still the broths are like of bland, hence my recommendations to get the sauces! Since the meats are not marinated.This review is for their weekday lunch special. For $12.95, you get to pick one meat and it come with a plate of assorted veggies, fish balls and noodle. You can also pick any two of the soup base for your hotpot. The meat was about half the size of a regular order so I see that a lot of people ended up ordering extra meat or other items but I find the lunch special to be just the right portion of food for me.Fresh meat, seafood, mushrooms, and veggies for your Mongolian hot pot experience! You order by broth and items to create your own individualized meal and cook at your own pace. If you are coming in large groups, I would recommend the platters because you get to try a bit of everything! Expect to pay about $25 per head if you want to eat enough to get full. This is comparable to the AYCE cost at Nine Ting but you are paying for quality!Situated in Chinatown, Little Sheep (Xiao Fei Yang) is a great hot pot spot. I came here with a friend on a Saturday evening, and we were seated immediately. The servers speak both Chinese and English, so all are welcome. 
We were pleasantly surprised by the quantity of food that came with each order. The combo meat was definitely the best bang for the buck - $10 for a large tray of two meats (beef and lamb). Other cuts were also delicious, although the pork belly was a little bit on the fatter side for my taste. We also got the veggie platter and udon noodles, which complimented the meat well. 
I recommend getting the Yin Yang pot (half spicy half mild) for newcomers. They have some exotic flavors for soup, which I would try at another point. To top the meal off, they served us a small portion of dessert ice cream! 
My only reason for not giving 5 stars is the sauce station. It had most of the basics - garlic sauce, sesame, etc. But overall, it was small and lacked variety. The line could build up as well, which was annoying when you just finished making plenty of meat. If they added another station with more variety, it'd be great. 
Overall, it was a great experience, but I would rather go to another hot pot spot with more sauce variety.It was my first time having hotpot outside of my house so I was having high expectations for Little Sheep. Walking in, the front of the restaurant is really cute and modern, decorated with cool moss looking plants on the walls. 
      Once all 4 of my friends and I were seated at a booth, the table set up seemed a bit strange since the electric burner wasn't exactly in the middle and was off to the side by a lot so I was a bit hard for us to eat. The menu situation is a bit weird too. The plastic menu is from the New York location, but a lot of items were not available at this Philly location which was disappointing. There was a paper menu given to us but it was really confusing since we were given two, assuming they were going to be the same. One of my friends has ordered the angus beef platter off the lunch menu and had found several strands of plastic in her slices of meat. Our waiter had given us a new platter, but we were still finding more plastic in each slice. Again, we had requested for a new plate of protein after the 2nd one, but the same issue is still occurring. We all wished the situation would've been resolved the first time around. On our bill, $7 was taken of for the inconvenience but even so, we were all expecting so much better service.Loved this experience! I went with my parents who used to eat hot pot in China--we all loved the food and the social experience. Don't skip out on the sauce bar--get some sesame sauce to dip your hot pot lamb in. We got the 1/2 and 1/2 broth (mild and spicy combo). The seafood platter was a highlight, as well as the mushroom platter. Perfect food to warm you up in the depths of wintertime.Even though there's a store in NYC Chinatown, I have actually never been. While here in PA for work, we had a tight lunch break and didn't want to walk anywhere far in the cold. Hot pot fit the bill on many levels. The place was pretty empty during lunch but the place was very clean. We got three lunch specials and picked three types of meats -- lamb, pork, and beef -- to share along with the veggies. It also included a small plate of combo -- meatballs, mushrooms, and noodles. On top of that, we had also ordered scallops and Japanese pumpkin from the a la carte menu. I had also really wanted the tofu skin roll which is something I love. Unfortunately, they didn't have it in stock. Big disappointment for me. For the soup base, we picked up both the spicy and pork broth base since I don't like spicy. Unlike other hot pot places, there's no dipping sauce to make. I've never had that before but the broth was pretty flavorful. As you cook more of the ingredients, the more flavorful the broth is. It made the noodle that I cooked at the end even better since it sopped up the broth. Thoroughly enjoyed lunch and I would look to visit the NYC store soon!woa I love this place!! Probably one of my favorite hotpot place I have tried in Philadelphia. Even though it was not all you can eat, the prices are so reasonable ($6-8 for a huge plate of meat and $3 for most non-meat dishes) that you will sure be full after $15 each person. The only thing I will complain about is the lack of sauce options, but that is just a small gripe. Don't waste your time trying to waste for Chubby Cattle! This is so yummy and keeps you warm on a cold winter night.Love the food, but pricey compared to other hot pot places. Service needs work. I came here twice and both times it took forever to get things that we requested such as water,sauces,and one of our ingredients which they forgot about.Love it, love it. This Was our first time, service is excellent they explain everything to us even suggested small quantities to have a better experience, we order lamb and rib eye plus veggies and  half and half broth. Delicious. The Mongolian beef skewers are soft juicy and perfect season. 
100% recommendedFirst time eating at this location, though I have visited another little sheep restaurant before. The restaurant is clean, has good food quality, decent prices, unexpectedly good decor, and very good service!  Their lunch special is a nice deal, and I'm happy they have a sauce bar now, for those who are sad that they didn't before! I brought my homemade sauce not realizing they now have sauces, but it worked out cuz my sauce contained a bit of raw garlic paste, a key ingredient they didn't supply!!Came by here with a group of friends on a Thursday for some lunch. We noticed that they had a lunch special for $12.95 so we all decided to try it out. When our food came, we all tried the soup first. We got the half and half, which was one side was spicy and the other side was their "regular" broth. Both were delicious. When we putting in our veggies and meats, one of my friends noticed plastic in her beef after cooking it in the broth. We assumed it was just one piece of plastic and was just a mistake but as we kept cooking there was about 1-2 pieces of plastic in each piece of meat. When we told our waiter about this, he gave us another plate of beef, which still had plastic in it. Although he was very respectful and polite about the situation, we will not be returning.I've tried all the places in Phila for hot pot and i can say this one is the best. Its probably a little pricier than the all you can eat places but the soup broth is always flavorful, the beef quality is outstanding and the service is always friendly.We had a great time at Little Sheep. We logged in to be waited on. Got to our seats and ordered our food. Everything came out super delicious and amazing. The broth was flavorful and there was a condiment station if you needed chili oil, sesame sauce and etc. The staffs were busy and service was fast. Totally recommend for next time.
Just make sure to check your noodles. We did get one batch of moldy noodles that we sent back and they did apologize and gave us different noodles.
Otherwise great experience, clean and awesome ambiance.This is by far my favorite place for hotpot in philly. They have some of the most flavorful broths that I don't feel the need to use any sauce. Their items are fairly priced too and it comes in good portions. Some of my favorites to get are the fishball with rho, fatty angus beef, and the udon noodles. My go to for the broth is the half and half which is spicy and the Tom yum. The spicy is definitely my favorite but the Tom yum is great as well.been to this location about three times already and everything was fine up until tonight. I understand That they want us to hurry up and order so we can get our food right away but standing by our side and keep asking "ready..?"" Like 5 times after we say not yet is beyond disrespect and rude. After we finish eating we paid for our meal but the server decided to run up to my cousin visiting from Hong Kong to say it wasn't enough tip.  Tips are what I want to give and I gave the right amount equaled to her service. I don't have to pick a tip suggestion to give. she could have at least waited until I was out of the restroom to tell me she wants the extra $2 she didn't deserved. I always overtip if the servers are providing excellent service. needless to say I will never come back here ever again to such disrespectful people.Came here for a weekday hotpot with friends from work. Very generous portions and we were stuffed, with a total bill coming out to $30 per person including tip. Beef, lamb and more beef - the meat is fresh and the broth is tasty and delicious. Full of flavorful Chinese herbal concoctions that aren't just soy sauce based! Great place to chat and sit over a meal. Not too loud either.Everyone knows how much I love hot pots. I've been to several of the hot pot places in the area, Nine Ting, Hippot. I've gladly indulged in overeating at the AYCE places for the sake of eating my worth.  This place is not AYCE and was packed on a Friday night. Although it was not AYCE, you could still indulge in a healthy amount of eating (not in anyway unbutton my pants night, but just a tinge bit I overate) for the same price as AYCE (maybe a little bit pricier actually).
Let's start of with the price. It is ala carte and it does cost a pretty penny to eat here. It was $50 some bucks for the two of us. We ordered some of the specialty items such as shrimp paste and fish ball with roe. We also got a slice beef plate that was $9.50 for 6 slices- that was regrettable. Overall the quality of food was a lot fresher than AYCE places. This place actually recommends against saucing and we enjoyed our food without having to sauce it because the milk bone broth was so flavorful. They also offered the option of boxing your broth to take home, which we declined, but may consider during a future cold wintery night. 
On another note, I'm afraid they are going to jack up their prices based on how well they do. They currently have two menus with different price points. When asked about it they mentioned that they are using the lower price point menu prices currently. If they don't jack up their prices, my SO and I will come back and enjoy some of their other home made hot pot items.
[edit: message from manager states that they don't plan to increase prices in the near future]We loved our dinner here! It was delicious and served quickly. We arrived before 6pm on a Friday and were seated right away, but a wait quickly amassed. 
Also, they have plenty of gluten-free items and a menu that denotes which items are gluten-free--just ask for it.Ive been there two times and it is pretty good, but the spicy soup has too much hot pepper that annoyed us during eating. But anyway, it is still good duh.I had never had Hot Pot before. It was my first, and definitely not my last time. The variety of options to put in your broth (we got half our broth spicy ) was endless, with options like lamb meat wontons, Bak Choy, shrimp meatballs and Taro. I was on cloud nine the entire meal. We got in just before the crowds really hit, and even with the floor full of hungry patrons, the acoustics of the restaurant somehow allowed you to have a proper conversation with your dinner party without getting drowned out by other guests. 
The service was excellent, our glasses never less than half full. I am delighted with my experience, and the prices are not nearly as hefty as I was expecting them to be. Share a meal with friends, they've got something for everyone!Little Sheep was our go-to place every Friday night for a year, the manager came over every time to greet us, and all of the staff know us well and will come say hi while we're eating. I still crave the broth and kimchi to this moment. Everything was fresh, flavorful and reasonably priced! My boyfriend is the pickiest eater of all time and loved Little Sheep. Unfortunately, they've become an All You Can Eat Buffet and the quality and freshness has dropped drastically. They've eliminated all appetizers from the menu, and cut down on the meats offered. Our half and half broth was brought out with a film of fat on it and tasted awful, it made everything taste like butter was added to the top. The buffet itself was extremely lackluster. Half empty containers down the line, seafood that smelled like it had been sitting - the shrimp tasted funky. The price is not unreasonable if you're content with a standing in line only to reach an empty container or fried rice that's under a heat lamp. 
I thought Little Sheep was a true authentic Hot Pot experience but it seems they've bought into the cheaper market of providing poor ingredients just to save a buck. I will not be going back and am completely dissatisfied with the turn around of this restaurant.  Before, I would have recommended this restaurant to anyone and everyone - pretty sure I actually have- but now? I've told people who talked about going to NOT go. It no longer lives up to the hype of authentic hot pot. A disappointment.This is the best hot pot in Phila. There are other places near by but the broth is the best here. The service has always been great , been coming since it first opened and will continue to do so. The only thing i will warn you about is, you will most likely smell like 'hot pot' after dining here but a small price to pay for the great food.On the hunt for the best hot pot in Chinatown? First stop, Little Sheep. Not bad, something you could do at home. Decent quality meats & fresh veggies! Each portion was beautifully presented. The broth was good. Only one problem. I ordered the spicy bone marrow broth, now peep, the broth wasn't too spicy or anything, I actually enjoy the heat. But, it came with a lot of dry chili's. When I say a lot it's like a sh*t load. Photo inserted below. It was hard scooping my meats and veggie into the bowl without a mountain load of chillis coming along too. Like I just want some soup to slurp on but these damn chillis be in the way. Fix that? I wonder how everyone else coped with it, but besides all that, everything was great. Friendly server, didn't had to ask for a refill of water, you know, all these little hospitality stuff that matters. Would I come back? I don't know. Next stop, Nine Ting.Vibes: trendy and clean 
Noteworthy:
-milky broth is richly umami with an interesting, kind of seafood-y aftertaste, and lots of garlic cloves
-spicy broth is loaded with chili peppers and white cardamom pods
-definitely recommend the fish balls with roe for texture and flavor
-also appetizer dishes and dessert on the menu
Pluses:
-hot tea and water at the front desk
-great variety of good quality ingredients, especially lamb and beef
-attentive and friendly service in terms of bringing food, removing dishes, refilling water and broth
Will be back for: the weekday lunch special!I highly recommend this hotpot and think the extra cost (several dollars more expensive than Nine-ting) is justified in the higher quality of the meat and vegetables, the AYCE buffet style and the delicious taste! My pet peeve with some hot pot places is that you can't control the quantity of food servers bring to you. Here, I could get a single mushroom or a couple bites of tofu, which ensures no food waste. I thought the meat (the only thing that is brought out by servers) was tender and juicy and the hotpot broth (original and spicy), were a cut above the rest. I can actually taste the difference between the beef and lamb, which sometimes is sliced so thin at other places it's hard to tell. The sauce selection is not as extensive as other places, but has the basics. There was no wait time on an weekday afternoon. 
They also have a soft serve machine with cantaloupe and honeydew flavors, which aren't my jam, but others may enjoy.Exceptionally delicious house and spicy broths! They tasted herbal and as if a grandma made it, but not in the terrible way that plagued my Chinese-American childhood. I drank the broth by the bowlful after the solid foods were finished off! I will say that some items were very skimpy ($3 for 6 tiny knots of vermicelli noodles, 6 small slabs of tofu, super thin slices of squash, etc.) but meats, mushrooms, and leafy veggies were fresh and fairly priced. Other favorable things of note: this restaurant is a BYOB; there is an automated text message system if you are waiting for a table; and the person who took our order advised us to order a little less based on our party size than we originally did and it ended up being the perfect amount of food!I really like the broth, however I liked their original set up better. They recently changed the set up where you order meat from the waiter and you get the rest of your stuff buffet style. The restaurant isn't big enough to have this kind of eating style. There are too many people walking in a narrow space. It was also better prices when you payed for everything separately rather than a one price for all.Little sheep is a classic Chinese hot pot restaurant. We drove a half hour to arrive at the restaurant for a meal. Sure enough, it did not disappoint us.Love this place.  Clean, up to date, fresh, and esthetically pleasing food.  Love the cook it yourself experience.  Will go back for sure.As someone who has eaten lots of hot pot, for the first time I was informed by my waiter that my friend and I had ordered more food than we can eat, questioned why we did not order meat and despite having sauce, refused to give me any. He soup itself, salty, watered watered down and not spicy. Needless to say, we finished all the food we had ordered and will not be coming back for overpriced vegetables. 
Little sheep soup season is available at any Asian grocery store. I recommend buying it there.Was deciding between ayce or just ordering quality meat that I want. Came here p hungry but ended up ordering the quality meat instead. Even doe it's 16.99 for all u can meat, veggies and rice and everything except 4 meat is extra charge so that disappointed meat. Meat and soup was still really good doe!2nd best hot pot place in all of Philly... home of the Super Bowl champion Eagles. My only complaint is that there is no dipping sauce bar... some may argue you don't need one... to which I would reply... shut up you hot pot noob. You are probably a Cowboys fan too.Great service and nice selection of hot pot ingredients. I think one of the draws is supposed to be that the broth is so flavorful that you don't need extra sauce or toppings. However, for the price I would have still liked to have that option available. I always still need a little sauce and scallions and prefer the fun of mixing and matching them, no matter how flavorful the broth is.Two option for broth - spicy or not. My choice was spicy, which I felt had too much little peppers and star anise seasoning (which made it difficult to get my food with out picking something off it). The flavor of the broth was tasty but highly recommend keeping the seasoning in a bag to float! The vegi was fresh and the meat was good! Although I would recommend eating at lunch since is was a steal $12-13/person. I was by myself and I don't think this style of restaurant is made for loners, it's truly best with 2 or more people! The place was spacious, clean and service was great!Great soup base and a great selection of meats! Good service and probably one of the best hot pot places in phillyFavorite spot for hot pot in Philadelphia. The broth is the most flavorful one that I've had ever, except the ones from Asia. I'm so happy this place became AYCE, a lot more affordable. I highly recommend this to any hot pot lovers!This was probably the top hot pot experience I had in Philadelphia. The flavor of the broth was really good and delicious. The best part of little sheep is probably the customer service.It's like every little sheep. It's good but you have to ask for the sauces and there isn't a sauce bar like most hot pot placesStandard hot pot, it is everything you can reasonably expect from a legitimate hot pot restaurant. Great service and selection. Good soup base and sauce bar. Fairly priced and clean. Recommended if you are just visiting Philly or new to hot pot.