What a yummy little meal. It was pouring rain so we didn't get the outside ambiance but that's ok. Food and service more than made up for that!! Beet salad was delicious. Burger was great and so was the lemon bar for dessert. That lemon bar thwarted my big post-dinner ice cream plans but it was so worth it!!!Beautiful place! Refreshing/creative cocktail menu.. We didn't get food but the service at the bar was excellent!We enjoyed the outdoor seating.  Our menu choices were favorful. Heirloom toast, squash salad spring salad.Great ambiance! The food was spiced in a way that told me someone thought it was a great idea but never actually tastes any of it to properly calibrate the spices and harmonize things. And the no happy hr thing for a center city restaurant is pretty sad.Great new spot, as you can tell because there's always a wait for a table. I've been to Harper's Garden twice, once for a light dinner and drinks (sitting inside) and once for lunch (sitting outside on huge patio). 
1st visit: We sat INSIDE for light dinner. The service was fantastic, although at the very end he was kind of slow to bring the check, but overall great throughout the entire night. The cocktails were great, and the beer choices were OK, would like to see some better craft options considering the Philly and Tria reputation for great beer. Our small bites of food were great; I loved the pulled MOZZARELLA with fig, sooo delicious. The feta TOAST and SAUSAGE FLATBREAD were also delicious, although small portions for the price tag. The inside dining area got a tad loud for my liking, voices were echoing loud and it was hard to talk to my friends across the table from me. The 4 of us got 3 drinks each, and 1 small plate of food, and our bill was almost $300. 
2nd visit: We sat OUTSIDE on the massive, gorgeous outdoor patio. There were 7 of us, on lunch break from the office. The patio is great for conversations with coworkers, because inside was too loud. But the patio got really hot toward the end of our meal, the sun shifted and there wasn't much shade, so we were roasting in our business clothes. Still, it was a beautiful setting for lunch. Their patio is so pretty and well decorated. This visit, the service was super slow. The food itself took nearly 45 minutes to reach our table from the time we ordered, and the server disappeared at the end of the meal when we needed the check. We were 30 minutes late to our office after lunch break. The food was very good (once we finally got it!), I had the SWORDFISH ($20), which I thought was worth the money and very tasty. The portion size was perfect, unlike some of their other plates which are pretty small. The CARROTS Appetizer was amazing! Must try that again, the sauce was delicious. The burger didn't look very big or juicy, but my coworkers ordered that so I don't know how it tasted. For all the food we ordered, I expected a huge bill, but it was only $160 for 7 people (no drinks). 
Moral of the story: Come here for the best outdoor patio around. Great food, but relatively small plates, so don't come starving or you'll over-order and be broke. Also watch the drink prices, or stick to non-alcoholic, because drinks are not cheap. Best advice: Make a reservation! They are always busy.Decided to stop by here after a long weekend retreat. In short, food and service was exceptional. We were promptly greeted and seated at our table. If was a beautiful day with a slight breeze and their outdoor area was well kept and relaxing. The pergola and plants were easy on the eyes and the bulb wire lighting looked beautiful as the night drew near.
We ordered about it 6 or 7 plates to share between the 3 of us and we all were satisfied at the end. Presentation, taste and temperature were just right. Our server was attentive and kind and she took care of us well throughout the duration of our stay.I discovered this place while running some errands during my lunch break. The outside seating area is what caught my attention. A few weeks later, I was finally able to come here with some friends to try it out. The restaurant is immediately inviting. The light fixtures and plants in the outside seating create a garden patio feel, which is perfect for summer brunch! The inside decor is just as chic. We waited at the inside bar for about 5 minutes until we were seated at a table outside. After waiting inside though, I feel like you can't go wrong wherever you sit as the entire restaurant is gorgeous. Moving on to the food.
I ordered from the brunch menu. I started out with a Strawberry Swing from the brunch cocktail section of the menu. It was a mixture of vodka, sparkling rosé, lemon and strawberries. It was perfect for a hot summer's day. I ended up ordering a second round! For my entree, I ordered the Sunny-Side Eggs. It was topped with cheese and served with grilled bread that was toasted to perfection. 
My overall experience was enjoyable. I would absolutely come back here. There's only a couple, very minor things I would note: 1)The entree serving size is smaller than expected 2) Our waitress had to check with the chef for any entree modifications. Even if it was a minor change such as excluding an ingredient from the dish. Other than that, I would say this place is a perfect addition to the Philly food scene.I'm a fan!  Decor and ambience at this place is great.  We lucked out with outdoor seating on a bearable summer night, but the indoor seating looked inviting too.  Food and drink menu are legit.  Not cheap, but not overly expensive.  It was guys night out and we ordered a ton of Old fashions.  They were not weak and totally got the job done.  From all the dishes we ordered, the burger was phenomenal.  The rest of the apps and entrees were delicious as well.  Service was fantastic and you could see the floor managers making their rounds to make sure things were in order.  It's new and trendy spot that didn't disappoint.  Rarely am I blown away by a first experience at a new restaurant, but this is an exception.  I'm game for another night at this amazing place!Came here for lunch with some coworkers after we walked past the cute exterior and it did not disappoint! While we had to sit inside due to rain, I would recommend trying to sit outside if that's possible, the garden feel adds to the charm of the space. However make sure you make a reservation, this place fills up VERY quickly. 
For lunch, I split the mushroom flatbread and the frisée salad with a coworker. The frisée salad was good, but I was not overly crazy about the olive vinaigrette. However, I can not stop thinking about the mushroom flatbread!! I genuinely think this was one of the best dishes I've had in a very long time - both of us who split the flatbread agreed! Another coworker enjoyed his burger so much he sent me the picture to include in the review.Had a fantastic lunch here, sitting outside on a sunny, summer afternoon.  We shared a number of small plated - the jerk plantain, mozzarella with figs, ricotta toast, spring salad and smoked gnocchi.  All of the dishes were great, with subtle blends of flavors and use of fresh herbs.  The gnocchi is a definite recommendation.  For dessert we had the turmeric frozen custard, which was great - really imaginative and served with pieces of grilled mango and pineapple.(to the tune of "Dirty Little Secret" by The All-American Rejects)
Going indoors just feels wrong
When the sun is out this long
I scan around a time or two
Then I decided on you.
Tell me you'll get a happy hour
Price point can, at times, make me sour
But you are the only place I want to go....
Wish you were still kept a little secret 
(just a little secret)
But everyone knows and it's hard to keep this one kept
(Can't keep you a secret, long line is a safe bet)
Not a little secret.
But they all know.
When work ends a bit before five
Such an exciting surprise
There's no line for patio
Round of Aperols, you know!
Light bites, so good but they're not cheap
On the carrots, you shouldn't sleep
Be warned, that line it's quickly going to grow....
Wish you were still kept a little secret 
(just a little secret)
But everyone knows and it's hard to keep this one kept
(Can't keep you a secret, long line is a safe bet)
Not a little secret.
But they all know.
Y'all - I'd love to say this is Philly's best kept secret, but the secret got out the second the sun peeked past the clouds. This place is liked the sexy older sister of most of the beer gardens in the city. Instead of drafts, go for a crisp cocktail. Instead of cheese curds, dig into a white tuna crudo. The patio is definitely a spot to see and be seen, and the outfits reflect it - lots of sundresses, suits, and shades. But the food is delicious, the drinks are refreshing, and they were updating the chairs to higher quality as I was sitting there. It was divine. 
That said, for one drink each and two (very) light bites (and a sparkling water - heads up, it's $6/bottle so when they offer you still or sparkling, don't think they're both complimentary) we spent over $50. If you can nab a spot, get a cocktail and enjoy the sunset. However, don't be surprised if you flex your wallet a bit more than you would at most of the other outdoor gardens.Came here for brunch on a Saturday. The outdoor seating was amazing and the atmosphere was beautiful for being in the heart of the city. The staff was very nice and personable and provided great service. I had the breakfast bowl, French toast, and the strawberry swing brunch cocktail all of which were delicious and beautifully presented. My favorite part of the meal was definitely the French toast which had an espresso whipped cream with it which was unique and very tasty.Cheese board has some nasty cheese, drinks expensive but good. Old people go here so that's a plus. Cheese gave my girlfriend really bad stomach pains and she shit all over the place. It's fine though, will come back.I have been here twice in the last few weeks and it was perfect both times and consistent. Amazing flavor in the food, great cocktails and amazing service. Will visit often.Had an amazing time. Service was excellent food was exciting and the flavor was amazing. Atmosphere was delightful. Fabulous dining experienceNice for lunch on a sunny day. I had the crab spaghetti which was listed under their "larger portions" option. It was the exact opposite. I finished it 3 bites and left me to wonder what a small option would look like if they offered it. Although it was tasty, it was definitely overpriced for the portion that they served at $20. I'd go back and have the burger next time. I had a bite of it and that was delicious.Harpers Garden is such a great new addition to the city! I popped in with 4 friends on a Friday with no reservation, and we were seated immediately. The drinks were great. I got one with cucumber and jalapeño that was so refreshing and light. I also got the tuna crudo with the roasted potatoes. Everything was super tasty. Note it's priced as everything else in Rittenhouse, expensive. 2 drinks and 2 small plates cost me $50. Regardless it was a great time, and I'll probably return soon.1. Very beautiful! What the kids would call very "instagram-able". Not sure if that's actually the right spelling / word.
2. Great cocktails! We had the Go All the Way (the fav)!Electric Relaxation, and 18th St Heat. 
3. We only had snacks here as we had dinner reservations after. We got the Herbed Rosti Fries and Fried Plantain Chips. Both were amazing and priced well.
4. They have indoor and outdoor space. Beautiful decor everywhere. I felt like they take notice to all the small details. 
5. We had top notch service! Very friendly waitstaff, not a single complaint.
6. Overall, great new spot right in the heart of Center City, Philly. Perfect for a date or girls day / night. Would recommend to friends.I cannot more highly recommend Harper's Garden, which proved itself to be the perfect spot to host an after-work social with colleagues.  The venue is chic, the food is fabulous and the service is tremendous. Laura Riley and Nick Longobardi were a great pleasure to work with and accommodating of our party's every need, from securing a spacious outdoor area on the gorgeously constructed patio to arranging a delicious selection of passed hors d'oeuvres. Most importantly, the cocktails were always flowing and nothing was ever too much trouble.  I am very excited for this new addition just around the corner from my office, and am confident Harper's Garden will be seeing much more of my colleagues and I!Great food, service and atmosphere.  Stopped for lunch on a July Friday and was blown away.  The drinks were excellent.  For food, my wife and I split the heirloom carrots, smashed potatoes with goat cheese, gnocchi and cod sandwich.  All were great.  The Cod was a big surprise and was perfectly balanced.  For desert we split the lemon bar on the suggestion of our waitress.  It was perfect.  Highly recommend and we will return oftenGreat drinks selection, awesome outdoor seating. Looking forward to their happy hour soon!Seated at 2:55, given menus, drink order taken. Drinks delivered. "Take your time. I'll be back in a few minutes."  Comes back at 3:00, drops two bar menus on the table and says "we stop serving off the main menu at 3:00".  Seriously?  No forewarning. No apology. Would be 1 star except I dropped a knife and another server rushed over to replace it with a smile.  Decor and ambiance is nice and food was reasonably good. Just not customer focused. Bad first impression.Great, unique food. Wonderful atmosphere. Great service. Philly, you're lucky to have this place!!! So glad we visited. My wife had the beets and carrots and almost cried at how good it was. Ravioli, fried plantains, tuna crudo - very refreshing- and the mushroom flatbread were all superb.Lovely place and delicious food! I got there a bit after 5:30p on a Saturday, so no crowd. Servers were very attentive and food was served within 10min of ordering. Both mozzarella cheese dish and spring salad are surprisingly rich in flavor but also very refreshing! It's the perfect size for one person and the bill was just under $20. I'll definitely come back in the future!Beautifully prepared food with creative flavors. Lovely waitstaff and great service, ambiance.Great atmosphere, great servers and delicious food! Would definitely recommend. Make a reservation though, it does get crowded. Food is tapas style, so shared plates or small individual, but all delicious!The baby potatoes are the best I've ever had. Salads are amazing! You would think it's a salad you know it's not rocket science but they really put thought into their food to make it different. The ambiance is amazing the outdoor garden makes you feel like you're not in the middle of a bunch of high rises. It's a rustic/industrial style which I love. Reminds me a lot of Talula's Garden.Absolutely love the vibe and decor of this place. They have the most amazing chandeliers. This will end up being my go to spot for happy hour. 
- Reservation is a must. We made reservations for 6:30 for outdoors and still ended up waiting 45 minutes for our table. (Reason why I'm giving this a 4 star instead of 5). It could possibly because they were having a large private outdoor party. While waiting, we just grabbed few cocktails at the bar. I loved the "all the way in" cocktail. It's gin with raspberry. I never had gin mixed with any fruit flavors so it was nice to try something different. 
- Dinner is tapas style, so everything on their menu is all small portions. Hence, why I wouldn't come here for dinner and will strictly stick to happy hours. 
We started off with ordering some cheese, and it wasn't anything special. It was typical 5 different types of cheeses with different textures. Then we started off with the fries, which aren't typical fries. These are stuffed deep fried fries, served it stacked up in layers. It comes with some dipping sauce which was nice. I loved the fries the most here. 
I also tried some gnocchi, which was a bit different than the typical gnocchi I had before. The gnocchi was browned and served with white sauce with tint of raspberry sauce. I never had my gnocchi sweet. But I really did like the fact that they pan seared the gnocchi to  make it brown and crispy. 
I'll definitely return back here for happy hour drinks and quick bites and I'd definitely try different snacks next time.Very Good! I had the cod Bahn Mi, tasted very fresh and the fish was flakey and delicious. The only reason It's not 5 stars was because the server was a little rude. Food alone they'd get 5 stars. Highly recommend!Wonderful beautiful spot in Center City!  We went for a coworker celebration lunch.  The menu has some unique items with a very global feel. The decor and atmosphere is calming and beautiful. We tried the lamb meat balls and fresh mozzarella as appetizers - both were great, very fresh. I ordered the fried cod bahn mi. (Sandwich). It was so yummy. The bread used was a little hard and chewy but it tasted so good. Buttery and delicious. The sauce on this sandwich was also perfect. The cod the fried beer batter style and the fish was tender and flaky.  I will definitely be back for cocktails and dinner.Stop in here for a couple of drinks with my friends. Ambience was nice and loved the decor inside and out. The outside has a beautiful garden like atmosphere. Unfortunately, I was unable to try anything off the menu. However, my sangria was delightful.We stopped in for a quick drink on our way to start the night.  It was too gorgeous out to sit at the inside bar so we opted to stand at a cocktail pillar. I loved the outside area- it was inviting and comfortable and open all at the same time. The best view was when you looked up. 
Service was great and the drink options were good although just a bit pricey.  We glanced at the menu and it looked pretty good. We enjoyed the service and decor so much we would definitely return to eat.Went on the first night of their soft opening and was really impressed. Obviously, its visually appealing, but the food and service were also really food. I enjoyed the homemade mozz, the meatballs, the muffeletta, and the fish with ramp hushpuppies. This place was basically designed to impress the pants off your date.Love this place! The food was great, as well as the drinks. There's not one negative thing I could say about this new little addition to the city! I can't wait to go back!We visited Harper's Garden for a late dinner after a long drive. We could not have been more impressed with our meal! Their drink menu is extensive and both the drinks we had were delicious. The food was amazing as well. We tried the pea and leek ravioli, lamb meatballs, roasted carrots with hummus, and the baby potatoes which were all small plates. This was a great shareable dinner between the two of us and we were very impressed by the dishes. We also got the homemade lemon bar with lavender custard for dessert which was well-done. If we lived in Philly we would come back for sure! Highly recommend.This place is pretty awesome. My buddy is in from Sacramento so we decided to try out this new spot. Super good looking crowd and staff which is always nice...  It was super busy but managed to get a seat inside..wanted outside but the way the dining room windows open up, it still felt like we were outside, but with ac!!! The food was beyond expected.. Rosti Fries are heaven sent .. I have never ordered a salad as a meal in my life but the Grilled Frisée salad was in the large plates and I was feeling like I needed some greens in my life so I gave it a shot. I was not a disappointed.... a salad that more than satisfied.. just found my new summertime salad.. getting ready to leave they were removing a table in the corner of the room for a jazz band that was gonna perform later tonight.. I think I may have to swing by later and check it out.. service was friendly , fast , and on point.. and it was packed!!!! Hats off to the ones in charge, you got a proper staff in place for the volume....We recently held a work event at Harper's Garden.  It was a great success and very popular with everyone!  I worked with Nick Longobardi on planning the event he was fantastic, he made the whole process so easy.  Whatever I suggested to Nick he took into consideration and tried to accommodate all of our last minute requests as best as he could. The food, service and venue was fantastic, and everyone had a great time! I really enjoyed working with Nick and would recommend Harper's Garden to anyone!I visited Harpers Garden for a lite bite to eat. I ordered the lunch menu cheese with olives and an Aperol spritz. The food was delicious and the patio was amazing. Would totally recommend for sitting outside with great ambiance.This is a very nice bar! I saw this place while walking home and decided to go in for drinks with a friend. I tried a few small plates and they were great!  The menu is small but perfect! Drinks were perfect!!! I had a couple but forgot to take picsss‍I'm a little late to the party - but I came during one of it's opening days and had a blast. The day was nice and sunny, which made the outdoor seating even more enjoyable. In fact, I think their porch is much better than the inside. All being said, we got a few drinks (maybe a few too many), and shared two of the flatbreads. We got the crumbled sausage flatbread, which was delicious and savory, the fries, which was a great snack, and the mushroom flatbread, which was a nice foil to the sausage. I think this is a great place to spend the evening in open-air Philadelphia under fairy lights and have great conversation with friends with beers in hand.Waiting for another reservation, we decided to stop by Harper's Garden to check it out.  Sadly, it opened a few weeks ago, rather than being there when we were at a wedding down the street a year or so ago.  It would have been so nice to hang out there, right down the street from out hotel.  
We hung out at the bar for a drink, but the cocktail selections seemed a bit underwhelming.  I did find a nice jalapeño drink, 18th street heat, that had a nice kick to it.  The staff were friendly and even offered us a suggestion at the restaurant we were going to for dinner.  There were a few menu items that looked interesting to us and the bartenders did a great job discussing the concepts to us.  We'll definitely get out here for dinner and to sit outside one night.  Maybe later in the summer, when it starts to get a bit darker earlier, to see the nice lights there.Awesome flavors and food presentation. Great options for low carb folks. Really enjoyed the lamb meatballs, mozzarella w figs and swordfish w fried green tomatoes. Plus a knowledgeable  waitress. I will be back.What a great experience, both the food and atmosphere made for a great evening.  My wife and I had a fantastic meal, but the highlights were the Pea and Leek Ravioli, good use of acid in this one, and the Zatar Swordfish, perfectly cooked with an interesting dehydrated watermelon garnish that added a sweet element to the dish that was unexpected.  The place was packed and loud in a good way, it felt like we were at a really nice party!Very nice venue.  Rock soundtrack.  Angelo, our server, was on top of everything.  Good flavors.  A bright tasty variety of small plates.We tried this restaurant based on Yelp reviews, and the food lived up to our expectations. Many choices of tapas, some with the Mediterranean flavor. All were delicious, reasonably priced, and some wear and usually now to wish that we could try more and 4-5 tapas. We ate in the outside garden and the lighting and wicker sculptures were beautiful. I would definitely try it again if I were back in Philadelphia. My only two objections are that it is very loud - Don't expect to have a conversation with the person at the table with you! The tables are too small to accommodate more than 2 tapas plates, and they are placed too close together for even a petite teenager to move between them when attempting to sit or exitI wanted to love this place. Coming from Long Island, NY I felt this would be right up our alley. I was less than impressed with the way the bartender helped us. Having an old fashioned on the menu they should be able to execute it with quality. This is not the response we received when ordering this drink. It was lackluster with its "knob creek" that was displayed on the shelf as well as what is should be mixed with as per the menu  and a separate bottle with no label that was poured into the drink. The whole thing felt cheap and less than what was described. As much as we wanted to love this venue it is not on our list of places to return to.Overall a good experience! The outside is very cute and welcoming. We dined inside, upstairs. It was a tad loud I felt but not much of a problem. The food was quite good- my husband had the snapper and loved it. I had the bahn mi and also really enjoyed it. Portions of the main course are small so you will need to order appetizers (portions of which are small too). We were not offered a dessert menu so I'm not sure if there just isn't one? 
I would go back I think. It won't be one of my staples but I would recommend it to others to try!First place in Philly we went that was almost seamlessly accessible. There is a ramp. It is an acceptable grade. No surprises inside. Only drawback was we could not get to hostess once we were at top of ramp. A waiter got her attention and we were seated pretty quickly. So a little glitch but a tickle foul. Food was tasty, plentiful and reasonably priced. They put some thought in the menu. Music was a little loud and thus, the 4 instead of 5 stars.Firstly, we sat at the bar tables because they were bigger and the chairs had backs. My only criticism is the inside dining tables were small for a tapas establishment . 
The beer selection is hearty but not overwhelming. They have a few signature drinks which I regret not trying. 
We ordered the ricotta toast and swordfish. Amazing. The swordfish platter was not big but well worth the price. It was tender, succulent pieces of swordfish; browned and served with a butter sauce and fried green tomatoes. AMAZING 
The ricotta toast was great, a creamy ricotta spread on top of a rye hearty bread- served with a salad that had tiny kernels of popcorn. 
We shared the lavender ice cream and lemon bar- great!! Enough for 3-4 to share for dessert. 
Our waiter was great, but if you sit at the bar tables; you have to walk up to bar and order. The outside dining looked awesome, beautiful lights.Loved this place!  The ambience and decor is like a rustic secret garden. The food and service were great too. We got a bunch of tiny plates to share. The white tuna crudo was probably my favorite. The tuna was fresh and well balanced. The hand pulled mozzarella was delicious and the added figs was a nice touch. The lamb meatballs were perfectly cooked and not at all dry. We also got the beets with the honey yogurt and the carrots and hummus. They also have a nice selection of wine and cocktails. We will definitely be back!Really nice outside seating area. Service was very good. All dishes came out hot and within a reasonable time.  The table need some type of place mate or coaster for the drinks.  The tables are a little wet from the drinks.  All and all a pleasant experience even with the fire alarms going off.  I would recommend this Garden for everyone! You can't go wrong!Found this new place looking out of our hotel window at Sonesta after check in.
Walked across the street to a nice decorated restaurant with outdoor veranda seating. Enjoyed fresh oysters and bourbon old fashioned to start. We both ordered the burger and it was the BEST burger we have had in a long time. Our server was excellent and very friendly. Will definitely return againI stopped by Harper's Garden for lunch Friday afternoon and I had the nicest time. I had a glass of Chardonnay and the 3 cheese cheeseboard to start then I had the heirloom squash salad and it was delicious! Would highly recommend for any time of day, drinks and food!So, the place seems fairly new and we did come around midnight hoping that the place and service was as good as the reviews say they were. Now maybe we came to expect too much late at night. However, if there is one thing I despise is bad customer service. First, when we got to the entrance, ok very nice decor and ambiance with the outside seating in a garden style. Four stars. However, no one came to see us. Ok, fine. No hostess there at this time. Understandable. Next, we made the decision to go to the bar area where again there was no hostess, which I can understand again since it was very late. Then, things started to get weird and we got antsy as I looked at the two bartenders and the waiter who looked at me.  What happened next really ticked me off. The waiter looks at me again with two drinks in his hand to serve some people already there, comes back and looks at me again, picks up another person's drink and goes to another table without even acknowledging me there waiting with my fiancé. Three stars. Next, the waiter then comes back and looks at me once more without saying anything so I finally ask, "Is your kitchen still open?" Waiter responds, "no it closed at 10." Well, thanks guy and bartenders for telling us that after making us wait for nearly 10-15 minutes. I cannot stand pretentious people. Two stars. Maybe we need to revisit much earlier and hopefully I can write a better one. Thanks for ruining our night though. Appreciate it.Nice selection of beer. Inside and outside seating available. A stones throw from Rittenhouse. Service was fantastic at the bar, Miles was very attentive and offered great recommendations. Loved the cheese board appetizer. Can not wait to go back and sample some different food and beer.My girlfriends (10 of us) and I had the best time here! Craft cocktails (all delicious), loved the food (my favorites were the beets and the cheese board), and the setting was so fun - we started with drinks inside at the bar, and then ate outside, which had the most beautiful decor. We loved it here and I'll be returning for the beet salad, cheese board and cocktails soon!About 10 minutes into sitting down, the waitress accidentally knocked a glass of rose over my hair and down my back. I understand that accidents happen and I wasn't mad. However, when we got our bill nothing was comped to make up for this mistake. We talked to a manager who acted like we were making this up to get free drinks and/or food. He was extremely snarky and condescending when he brought back our revised bill on which we were comped the drink that was spilled. I'm not upset about the initial spill; I was upset that the waitress didn't own up to her mistake to her manager and that the manager was so rude about it. It's a shame because we all really enjoyed our food but none of our group plans on coming back.This was our third time here. The other two were better. Had the crab spaghetti but no crab. The waiter said the sous chef sometimes forgets the crab. Ok but never heard of that. It's one of their signature dishes and it was missing one of the main ingredients. Carrots and potatoes were very tasty although the potato dish was way too small.Harper's Garden has a lovely patio on which to dine on a fall day: a nice change from sidewalk tables, which are always congested.
Greatly enjoyed the Pastrami on Rye (house smoked prime brisket, red cabbage kraut, Jewish rye), though I'd note it's a messy sandwich to eat due to the amount of brisket included on the rye--totally worth it!
My fellow diner enjoyed The 'Merica Burger (double stacked brisket blend, cooper cheese, pickles, minced onion, dijon, ketchup, milk bread bun), particularly mentioning the dijon, which was "refreshing."Started as a good night with a few friends. Service wasn't awful though at the end of the night (which wasn't even 'insight) we'd experienced 3 attempts to close us out even though the restaurant wasn't full. 
That's not why I'm giving the single star though... the biggest issue was the food. To call what's on the menu edible is an exaggeration. We had a few of the starters and it was just awful.... the sweet potato bread was burnt, the gnocchi was a sad excuse for soggy bread and the night just went downhill from there.  
Drinks are good but stay away from the food.After researching dinner spots in Philly, I decided on Harper's Garden.  After reading some reviews, I was a bit skeptical but from photos and the menu, we were intrigued and decided to go anyway. My S.O. and I were pleasantly surprised, not only was our food delicious and our drinks strong-- the service was friendly and fast. 
We ordered hand pulled mozzarella, lamb meatballs, heirloom carrots with hummus, and the crab sphaghetti.  If your looking for recomendations, I would skip the heirloom carrots and I would suggest not leaving without trying the crab sphaghetti.I expected a lot from seeing comments from here and checking out their gallery. Unfortunately it's a bad experience, the atmosphere is ok, bugs flying around, food is absolutely terrible. We order oysters for appetizers, and they are not fresh at all. And the shrimp spaghetti is terrible, it smells bad, comes out just warm...
There's way more better options in the city, this is not the one.Great food! Great service in town for the weekend. Drank ate and laughed with friends everyone should come!This place is one of my new favorite restaurants. The outside seating is beautiful and charming. They have delicious vegan options and some of the best cocktails I've ever had. Can't wait to go back!I went for drinks with friends late in the night. I'm not sure what I did, but the bartender had an absolute angry melt-down when I ordered my drinks. When I went back for a second I think I may have caught him mocking me to his co-bartender. I simply ordered drinks for me and my fiance with a smile and didn't speak much. Very bad look for the bar staff. Garden area outside was awesome which is why this gets a 2.Spacious bar with a more modern yet hipster feel. This is a great place to host events and get-togethers. Drinks are on point (esp the tequila ones). Bartenders are all well trained and definitely know what they're doing.This review is 5 months late, but I figure better late than never! I walked by this place so many times and always loved the outdoor seating decor. I was eager to check it out, so when it came time to celebrate my uber trendy friend's birthday, I knew this was just the spot! 
First off, the staff there is simply incredible! I called about 2 weeks in advance to reserve the outdoor space for a surprise party for 15 people, but it ended up pouring that day and they were able to move us into the indoor space at the last second. I had a ton of balloons and gifts and a cake to drop off before the party as well, and they were happy to let me come in early to unload them at our table in advance! We were seated in a special and intimate nook of the restaurant with luxurious velvet seats and dim, romantic lighting (would highly recommend for a big party if you're not sitting outside). 
The food was good but the drinks were seriously phenomenal--they have a fantastic bar and bartender! The flatbreads were a huge hit with our table, and 80% of us ended up ordering the squid ink pasta with crab special that night. The boys were definitely hoping for bigger portions with the pasta, and the overall consensus was that it was a bit salty and a tad overpriced, but still very much worth it for the ambiance. Plus, they were nice enough to throw in a complimentary glass of champagne for the birthday girl!
Great experience overall and would definitely recommend for your next intimate dinner or party!This is *the* spot of the summer in Center City. 
A friend and I went for happy hour drinks and plates recently, and I was most impressed with the amount of outdoor space offered. The seating felt much more homey and permanent than most patios, too. We enjoyed our cocktails (served generously in highball style, with minimal ice) and appetizers, which sported such touches as heirloom carrots and housemade hummus.
Make sure you make a reservation (they accept OpenTable, and differentiate between outdoor and indoor bookings), because this place is popping.Hands down the best burger in the city. The 'merica burger is perfectly crafted and you can even get a side salad to make yourself feel healthier about eating a burger. Had this burger at least 3 times and each. Time is prepared perfectly. Cheese plate is great too. When the weather is nice, sit outside. It's a really great atmosphere.I really wanted to love this place, the exterior and interior are beautifully decorated, great ambiance. Unfortunately, this was the first and last time I'll dine here. The service was extremely slow and the majority of our food came out cold. I enjoyed the strawberry rhubarb cocktail but all in all it was a very disappointing and expensive experience.Harper's Garden has quickly become one of my favorites. That's saying a lot, because right now it's too cold to sit outside and enjoy the garden.
The inside is just as pretty too. Romantic actual lighting plus candle lighting and a cushy red bench helps set the mood. The structure of the interior almost reminds me of the branch decor of the garden outside. 
The service is on point with attentiveness and knowledge of the menu.
Most importantly, there hasn't been a single item that hasn't been fab on their seasonal menu. It's perfect because their small plates can really go a long way if you want to sample a few items with your dining partners but not walk away hungry. My squid kung pao from yesterday was a fun combo of ingredients, yet substantial. All the dishes are fun and fresh; that's what I truly love. 
The variety of cocktails and wine will keep you there, or get you to come back for more. Although the wine list isn't deep, it's solid. 
A pretty place with delicious farm to fork food and a bar of enjoyable adult beverages gets the full 5 star Yelp treatment from me.We were staying the the Sonesta hotel across the street and decided to go walk somewhere for some appetizers and noticed Harpers Garden! Wow what a wonderful place to stumble upon. So cute! Our waitress was Shonzay (I probably spelled it totally incorrectly). She deserves a 10/5 she was awesome! Gave us lots of wonderful recommendations! If you want come back to Philadelphia we will be certain to come back.
Must haves
1) Spring Awakening Cocktail
2) Moroccan Lamb Meatballs
3) Focaccia Prosciutto Pizza
4) Cheese Board!This place was simply amazing!! The price was right the location was great. I loved their outdoor seating. We met another great couple there that recommended other restaurants owned by the same restaurant group. If I ever come back to Philly, this will be one of my first stops!I'd been looking forward for trying this place knowing it was a nice new spot in Philly. From the outside it definitely looks very classy and cute with hanging plants and rustic tables. I really loved the ambience of this place both inside and out. It started raining halfway through our meal so we scrambled inside but were pleasantly surprised by the interior. 
I visited for brunch and ordered the shakshuka which was delicious and came out piping hot. They serve bread from Lost Bread Co. which is and excellent local bakery. My friends really enjoyed their breakfast sandwiches with potatoes as well. Another one of my friends ordered the avocado toast which he enjoyed even though it was on the small side. He also ordered the What's Up Doc cocktail which was definitely one of the best cocktails I've had in a while. So refreshing and light - perfect for brunch!! 
Overall this is a great spot to hang out with friends and chat especially when the weather is nice out. I would definitely recommend a visit here if you get the chance. Go for the cocktails for sure and grab and outside spot especially if it's warm and sunny!Walking into Harper's Garden is such a delight - the interior is welcoming, unusual (all the hanging greenery is gorgeous, plus the huge central bar that looks almost like an organ), the hosts & waitstaff are cheerful and helpful... it's unfortunate that the food is so disappointing. 
We shared four plates for dinner, and two (brussel sprouts & lamb meatballs) I have made better at home in the past month (and I'm only a fair cook). The brussel sprouts were unevenly cooked - some were nice and soft, but some were still almost raw). The lamb meatballs were dense. The worst dish of the night were the plaintain chips - which has some kind of sweet glaze on them, were not crispy (not chip-like at all) and the dipping sauce had no hint of "serrano" in it - the dish was sweet on sweet on sweet. (More on that in a second.) The best dish were the delicata squash rings - batter was crispy, they were perfectly salty. But the "fondue" sauce was kind of unnecessary. And again... why so sweet? 
This was the biggest issue - there's no balance between flavors, each dish was super sweet. Golden raisins with the broccoli. Tomato sauce with the meatballs. The plaintains felt like dessert. And the squash rings were great up until I dragged them through the sauces on the plate - the "maple" was overwhelming. 
Beautiful place, beautiful patio (which I'd love to try in the summer), but will likely stick with wine/cocktails.Went here twice when we were in Philadelphia. Awesome ambiance both times. Lovely and interesting drink menu. Spring green salad that was just perfection -- not over dressed. Lamb meatballs were good. Cheeseboard has variety and when we ran out of bread they kindly brought us more. A little loud, but there's a street right there that's just terrible for traffic. We walked there both times -- again from out of town. Idk how you'd go if you had to park. That seems like it might be tricky-- but hey, they don't have control over that. If you want it to be quieter perhaps sit inside? (I think that's a missed opportunity though, the outside space is great.)we randomly stumbled upon this place in philly while actually trying to find another place we read about. we loved the vibe immediately, but worried we wouldn't have room to eat as we brought our baby and needed stroller space. well the host was so nice and accommodating - gave us the perfect table with room for the stroller.  the service was excellent and the food was fantastic, including wine and dessert. the only thing i regret is the fact we visited in the winter and it was too cold for the outdoor seating (it looked gorgeous).My first visit was for midweek cocktails, and Harper's Garden is about as good as it gets. Cozy atmosphere, stiff drinks, and great value. The beverages in this place can knock you off your stool, which is typically what you want from a nightcap or happy hour. The bartender was friendly, precise, and quick.
My second visit to Harper's Garden was for a surprise birthday dinner. We made reservations about a week out, and we told the manager we were trying to surprise a friend who was expecting just to have dinner out with her boyfriend. They happily accommodated our request by seating us in an inconspicuous booth, providing personalized menus that said "Happy Birthday Michaela!" across the bottom, and ended our night with a delicious shared dessert, on the house! It was impeccable service from start to finish, and it was much appreciated that the staff added extra touches to make the night memorable. Michaela was truly shocked too, which made it all so much better.
Obviously, I can't give 5 stars just for strong drinks and good service - the food is amazing! We ordered a spread of starters and entrees, and everything was delivered fresh, hot, and packed with incredible flavor. We sampled the papas fritas, the a truffle flatbread, and one of the garden salads. My friend and I decided to split the burger and fried chicken sandwiches for our entrée, and it was the best dining decision I've made it a while. This was one of the best, if not THE best, burgers I've had in Philly (and I've sampled my fair share). The chicken sandwich was also a star, with a huge two inch thick fried chicken breast - it was almost absurd how big of a sandwich it was...but I still ate my entire portion.
I can't wait to get back here for patio weather! Those strong cocktails and cheeseburgers are calling my name.Mice & Awful management....I came here for dinner last night with my friends. At the end of our meal we were the only people left and we saw a mouse in the restaurant. We felt that we should make management aware of what we saw so they would know of the issue. When we told 2 employees, their first reaction was that they know of the problem and asked us not to tell anyone. Then the manager came over and "acted surprised" by our mouse sighting, even though an employee told us that the restaurant was already aware of the issue. The manager then proceeded to LEAVE us without any further words or action. 
My friends and I felt extremely disrespected by the manager and staff's lack of response. After we realized the manager was not going to do anything about the problem, my friend decided to tell the employees how disrespected we felt by their dismissal of our concern. The manager must of heard us because she came running back in with a gift card in hand begging us to take it. By this time it was too late. The manager should have known better and immediately eradicated the problem. Instead, we had to confront them TWICE before they tried throwing a gift card at us. The manager clearly did not care at all and acted inappropriately by lying about their mice problem instead of immediately apologizing and eradicating the issue. 
When you see a rodent in a restaurant and the management blows you off that is SHOCKING and we will not be returning. Spend your money at a well managed, clean restaurant. A Starr restaurant would never respond this way & their food is better anyway.
I have never left a review before, but was so appalled that I felt compelled to make one.Best place for most occasions! Can be casual with the small plates or spritz it up a bit due to the ambience, either way love it here! Having been here at least 3 times, I can say the hostesses, Emily and Abby were really nice as were my servers! Would recommend the lamb meatballs, goat cheese flatbread, fries, bariyana(?) And the mocktail with the ginger!