Of all the newly opened Philly restaurants I've been to this year, I must say this was the most visually appealing. I think the owners of Sampan and Double Knot did a great job creating an alternative universe nested between two nondescript buildings on the boring side of Sansom St. between 15th and 16th - the side with the parking garage and bare walls that are often lined with dumpsters (not to worry though - there were no dumpsters near the restaurant entrance). The decor is an interesting mixture of industrial and classy; with industrial-looking light fixtures and exposed brick walls, but also antique style furniture, framed mirrors, and paintings. The main dining room feels spacious with its open floor plan and high ceiling. Walking into this space feels like walking into a bygone era. 
Though there were a few kinks with service coming from various staff members, our server was friendly and his service was very smooth. His recommendation was ~3 small plates per person. The 3 of us ended up sharing 7 items, ranging from starters to entrees. 
Among the starters and small plates, I would highly recommend the Spanish octopus. It was very well-made - flavorful and not chewy. I believe there were 3 medium-sized tentacles. The lamb meatballs, littleneck clams, and burrata were also good, though I felt the burrata was a bit too watery, and in order to go well with it, I felt the bread that came with the dish should be a bit more glutinous. 
For our entrees, we tried the diver scallops and hanger steak. Both were outstanding. The scallops were seared to perfection (great texture and flavor), while the steak was very tender and came with a very good sauce. The pricing is not bad, but I do think the portions are a bit on the smaller side for the price. The scallop dish had 3 pieces, which came with parsnip puree and light garnish, while the steak was cut into 4-5 strips and came with a few shiitake mushrooms. We ordered a side of grilled cauliflower, which was also light. 
For dessert, I highly recommend the chocolate cake. It's so moist, not too sweet (which I really like), and comes with layers of delicious chocolate mousse (or some type of cream with similar texture). Priced at $12 a slice, it's a bit steep, but considering how phenomenal it is, I do think it's worth getting. Drink-wise, they have a pretty extensive list. I tried two cocktails and felt they were too sweet, so maybe next time I'll stick with wine or beer with my meal.Lamb Meatballs were delicioso!
Beautiful interior and the young lady at the hostess stand was quite welcoming. I'll be back :-)Probably my new favorite resturant, the food is to die for. I was stuffed and continued to eat. My favorite thing.... if I had to chose one would be the lamb meatballs. Everything from the fig toast, tuna poke, cauliflower, olives, lamb and the clams and spaghetti are also to die for. The pizza was great and baked to perfection. I was told they also have brunch which I honestly want to already go tomorrow to check it out. The ambiance is amazing, I could sit there for hours. They have a downstairs more like a private bar, with 2 lanes for bowling. Would be an awesome night out, which I want to plan to do in the near future. Our server was Brandon, who was super pleasant and would chat as well as make sure we knew what was in everything and made sure he asked about allergies and let us know what we could and could not eat. If I could give this place a 9 I would. The bathrooms are even cool, you'll have to go check it out for yourself.Best place yet in Philly.... great speakeasy like bar down stairs with a bowling alley.. but like a really classy bowling alley. Happy hour is a steal, they literally loose money on it because it's so good. Great staff especially Ryan  and Olivia! Rocking that bar!I had a holiday party at Harp and Crown on Friday the 30th. We had about 25 guests and rented the downstairs space with the bowling ally's for 3 hours of cocktails and food. The space is terrific. Having an activity like bowling was an added plus and my guests loved it. The food just kept coming and my guests loved the pizza, meatballs, cheeses and the mini calzones. The service was attentive and friendly and having had some bad experiences at other venues in the city--this was a huge plus! 
If you are considering a party/gathering in center city I give this a big thumbs up! My thanks to the Joe the downstairs manager and all the servers who helped us have a great time.I equivocated for a week about what restaurant to choose for my husband's birthday, but settled on Harp and Crown because of the ambiance and menu.
When we arrived for our 8:30 reservation, we were offered a seat in the front garden area by the window, but I preferred the larger back room. Wasn't a problem; the host came over to the couch where we were waiting and gave us an estimated wait-time--which was well-worth it!
When we were escorted to out table 20 minutes later, we found a spacious booth with two flutes of champagne! Such a thoughtful touch. 
Regarding food: my husband wanted to try a little bit of everything, so we ordered the tasting menu. I'm not a big eater, so the seven dishes overwhelmed me a little. I do, however, highly recommend the tuna appetizer and the brussel sprouts. The new salmon entree is also delicious; the dijon glaze was amazing.
As for drinks? The Ruby Slippers is light and refreshing without being a sugar-rush. 
Can't wait to take guests here!The seating sucks.  That has to be mentioned first and foremost.  Along the wall they have a giant bench seat broken up into two person sections with an immovable table mounted between them and giant lumpy pillows.  It was uncomfortable and awkward and I could tell everyone else sitting in the area felt the same way by the way they constantly fidgeted and adjusted.  I have no idea WTF someone was thinking. Also, the bar sits in the same area and its loud for a dining area.  Couldn't it be downstairs?  Or closed off?  
That said, the people were really nice and attentive and the food was AMAZING.  You know it must be good if it's worth putting up with seating that's less comfortable than the back of an airplane.  
Get the tasting menu.  Seven shareable small plates and dessert.  Try a lot of things.  It's the way to go.  It was all good, with the seared tuna cold appetizer and rabbit pasta being the stand outs, in my opinion.  Absolutely worth the price to get completely stuffed on really well-prepared and unique food.As you can see from the pictures, Harp & Crown is a beautiful restaurant and bar. The design is probably the big draw here, understandably so. 
In addition to the wonderful atmosphere, Harp & Crown makes great drinks, but I particularly recommend coming for the happy hour. The cocktail and beer options are a bit limited for happy hour, but they are good nonetheless. What's truly impressive is the happy hour food menu. It's not huge, but is both varied and very affordable. What's more, the dishes are full-portion, not sliders or mini-pizzas. I've tried the burger and the fried chicken sandwich, and enjoyed both. 
The bar here is usually crowded, but I've had good luck sitting in chairs or on the couch in their lounge area, which to me is better than the bar. It's comfortable, less cramped, and a bit quieter.My new favorite restaurant. Everything was amazing but my favorites were the roasted carrots and grilled octopus. But I don't think it's possible to pick something bad...definitely go for the $45 tasting menu, well worth it.Delightful experience. Honestly one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia, if not the USA. The food, first and foremost, was excellent. We had the roasted olives- quite lovely, cheese plate- heavenly experience with jam and pickled carrots, lamb meatballs- spectacularly savory and unique, roasted brussel sprouts- perfectly cooked and seasoned (I could NOT make this at home), the ricotta gnocchi- light and fluffy yet rich and savory, and the key lime whoopee pie- a very special, tasty dessert by their pastry chef. This chefs know what they are doing. Masters of their craft. 
The atmosphere was trendy, but warm and homey at the same time. We sat in a booth for two, which is unusual at first, but added to the intimate culinary experience. The staff were so experienced and amazing at making the experience exceptional. 
Take your next date here. It will go well.Joe was fantastic! This place has a great ambiance, amazing staff and good drinks. Shannon and Nick were accommodating and friendly, great conversation and prompt service, this is my new favorite spot!Interior design is awesome and wait staff anticipated my every want immediately.  All food items were great takes.Brunch doesn't get much better than this! $28.50 for a Full Brunch Buffet!! The variety of cuisine is endless when it comes to the spread offered. Start your meal off with some delicious cuts of prime rib or dive into some savory egg & asparagus or mushroom quiche. Finish your plate off with delectable sweet additions including the option to "Decorate your own donuts" or taste some delicious waffles with endless toppings available. &&& How can you not enjoy the $15.00 drink package that includes (4) alcoholic beverages with your meal! Not only is the food delicious but the atmosphere is cozy with a hint of a modern rustic/garden-esque feel. The service was excellent! Not only was our waitress able to provide great insight on whats most popular on the menu but she offered fabulous customer service. I also truly appreciated the manager coming over and asking us how everything was going and if everything was cooked to our liking. I think that adds a special touch! I would highly recommend Harp & Crown for a brunch spot!Came on a rainy Saturday without a reservation. Was told that the place is fully committed except for bar areas (both upstairs and downstairs). 
We went downstairs and waited for 10 mins before getting seated. We ordered Bronzino for two and Brussels sprouts. Both are delicious and it was plenty of food. 
I also came with a large group before for the bowling alleys (downstairs). Great event spot for corporate outings.Slowwwwwwwwwwwww service. It was busy, yes but wow. All I wanted to do was pay and leave and it took 10 minutes just to get someone's attention.Very good prosciutto pizza though and decent board of beers but the drafts were not very cold. The place is also so dark its annoying. When in Phila you can do better.A group of friends visited Harp and Crown for a birthday lunch.  None of us had been to the restaurant before and were looking for something new to try in Center City.  The host was extremely welcoming and friendly and we were seated right away when we walked in.  The dining area and bar are both decorated in a really interesting and unique way.  I was entertained the first ten minutes we were there just looking around at the lights and pictures on the walls. There were a good amount of options on the lunch menu, which I think is really important when selecting somewhere to dine with a larger group.  We started by sharing a Margherita pizza as an appetizer, which was delicious.  I had the grilled chicken sandwich which was very good.  My friends had the tomato sandwich, the burger, and the swordfish lox sandwich.  Everyone enjoyed their meals but my one friend thought the lox was saltier than other lox she had.  The bread the sandwiches come on is delicious and so are the house made potato chips.  I think we will definitely come back and give the restaurant another try.Really disappointing cocktails - Ordered a Manhattan and it was warm and probably half the size of a regular Manhattan at a nice place in the cityWhat a great addition to 15th and Sansom!
First, what in the world was here before Harp & Crown opened?  I've been by here a million times and have no clue.  Regardless, so happy this new restaurant is here.
First... holy cannoli, this place is GORGEOUS.  Very well done.
2nd...the service is pretty damn great.  The bartenders, host/hostess desk, waiters/waitresses, etc, they are all extremely friendly and good at their jobs.  Very professional too.
Lastly, the food.  Okay, I'm a picky one and their food is VERY well done.  Timing is perfect.  It doesn't come out so fast that you think you're in a fast food joint but you're also not waiting long at all.  
Let's face it, Burrata is never a disappointment.  And it is damn good here.  
Spanish Octopus was one of the best octopus I've ever had.  And I'm comparing it to some pretty legit Greek restaurants that I've been to (we all know the Greeks are very good at preparing their octopus).  H&C's was impressively tender and delicious.
The Beet Salad, nice size and made me very happy.
Lastly, get the Diver Scallops.  Wow they are perfect.Loved this space! Very cool lighting and minimalistic decor reminiscent of the Budapest ruin bar scene. Loved the lamb meatballs! Loved the roasted brussel sprouts! Steak was great, too.Amazing food. Amazing atmosphere. Amazing drink menu. I can not recommend this place enough to friends! I can't wait to go back and visit the underground bowling alley! Seriously a gem!The Excellent: Farro salad with mushrooms and soft egg, Brussels sprouts with chestnuts, burrata with pickled figs.
The Good: pizza with soppressata and shishito peppers
The So-So: cauliflower--too mushy, meatballs--just OK, prawns--eh
Did not order dessert, the only one that looked interesting was $12 and that, my friends, is just ridiculous.
Excellent drinks, but the size of mine was like those juice glasses from the high school cafeteria, only smaller. $10.
Cappuccino $4. We all ordered them. One cup was barely 1/2 full, but we just could not deal with sending it back.
Nothing was BAD except for the service. Aggressively paced, like they can not wait to turn over your table! Our server was good. But please do not bring the dessert menu when we are still eating our pizza. The runner and bussers were trying to clear our plates when there was still food on them! This happened 4 separate times, with 3 different people. Please let me eat my dinner at a pace that is not frantic. Drinks, small plates (please GOD When will this trend ever end?) and coffees--don't make me rush. This is not an inexpensive place. Do not try to push me out the door.
We asked a runner to send over our server so we could order another drink, and they asked US, "Who's your server?" Hello, really? She did introduce herself, but is it my job to know this?
Also, when our party of 4 arrived at 5:30 for our 5:30 reservation, the hostess brought us to a communal table for 10. When I asked if there were other tables (there were), she said that they were reserved for later. When I said that it could be awkward because we were going to be discussing some difficult issues (true, not even an excuse), could she please see about a table without others, she went to ask the manager and then brought us to our own table. I guess its just another thing you have to know about trendy restaurants--that you could end up with a bunch of strangers if you don't request your very own table!
It's nicely decorated. Very LOUD.We came for dinner and were pleased with our meal. We had reservations which I would recommend as they stayed busy while we were there. The space itself is beautiful; it's a mix of industrial and farm chic. I feel Joanna Gaines would give this place her seal of approval. 
We were greeted and seated immediately. We were given menus and our server shared the evening specials. The food is meant for sharing but you can also order individually. I split a pizza and the lamb pasta with my sister. The food was delicious and came out in stages. I especially enjoyed the pasta and liked how well it tasted. No one was forgotten though and everyone had what they ordered. 
Service was very good throughout our meal. The staff worked as a team  and were very professional. We didn't order drinks during our meal but they appeared to have a good cocktail list.I love the atmosphere of this restaurant! I've stopped by for drinks a few months back and was excited to go back and try for dinner. My husband and I went during restaurant week and WOW they really give you SO much food. It was such a great deal. We left completely stuffed with a bag of leftovers. We ordered the H&C Salad, Fig Toast, Pork Belly, Spicy Soppressata pizza, Gnocchi, Turnips and Steak. The H&C salad, fig toast, and pork belly fell flat but the pizza and gnocchi were amazing. I would go back and order those two things in a heartbeat. The turnips were pretty good, and the steak we had wrapped up to go before trying it. They made for just OK leftovers, but were probably better eaten as prepared right away. I give 3 stars because I didn't love most of the food, but there is such a huge selection I would love to go back again and try different options.Food was VERY good! We weren't allowed to go downstairs and see the bowling alley though, kinda lameI can not say enough about the ambiance here. It's is like stepping into the Gatsby era. Beautifully restored and decorated. If you can believe it's the back entrance of the old Gap Outlet when it was on Chestnut. This place is such a vibe.
We dined for brunch. Hubba Bubba! Sometimes brunch buffets include some phoned in fluff items just to fill the spread. Not this one! Yummy finger sandwiches, fresh juice, make your own doughnuts, charcuterie, delicious inventive pastries, cozy hot breakfast foods and a $15 bottomless brunch cocktail add-on. By bottomless I mean 4 drinks max. 
An absolute brunch destination and staple.The food is absolutely spectacular. I would definitely come here anytime! There are plenty of meat and vegetarian options. The environment is upscale but is a good place to have a nice conversation with a friend or a date.The decor is spectacular.  The drinks are very good but the food is disappointing.  I would come back for drinks but not dinnerThis place will rock your pants off! The food was definitely pricey but beyond worth it. Among some of the good dishes were the short rib pappardelle, Brussel sprouts, duck ragu fettuccini, Amish chicken, farro salad, and the pork shank for two. Everything was seriously AMAZING and one of the best meals I've had an a while! Plus you would never guess that the inside of the place looked so cool. It's a converted warehouse with soaring ceilings and rustic decor. Downstairs is another bar with private bowling lanes. Only disappointing part was our table was located right next to the kitchen doors so it was a bit distracting having the staff whizzing by all night long. Friendly staff though!The food was a tasty, The atmosphere is loud...The drinks are way overpriced, and the decor is a little too trendy.  
I would say it is an average place to go.  Nothing too special, but nothing wrong.I really was hoping to try this place out, but the seating was less than ideal. I was visiting Philly for the weekend and made a reservation a week in advance after looking this place up and reading reviews. When I arrived, everything looked great, the atmosphere and the host were nice asking to check our coats.
So far so good, but once we were taken to our seats (not table) we were severely disappointed.  We were sat at a table in between to other couples.  I have sat at tables very close to others, but this was literally a table for 6, that was broken up for three different parities of 2.  
The couples we were sandwiched between were very distraught that we were entering their personally space.  The venue as it was, was very loud, and each couple had to yell so their partner could hear. 
It took a while before a server came to talk to us. Because we could feel how annoyed the two other couples we were between felt and how uncomfortable we felt, we decided to get up and leave before ordering anything.
The host at the coat check saw how quickly we arrived and left and didn't even ask if there were any issues. 
I really wanted to try this place, but literally sharing a table with other people is awkward, especially when they are looking at you annoyed. I think the restaurant should evaluate their seating. It almost makes more sense to forego a reservation and just try to sit at the bar.I really enjoyed the place - the food is delicious and reasonably price. Service quality was a bit uneven - the first time i went here, service was great; second time was a-ok.I have been to Harp & Crown a few times now, and I am very much looking forward to coming back. The atmosphere is wonderful, and the food is delicious. Wonderful place for a date or night out with friends.Cool atmosphere, tasty dinner and the brunch buffet is a good way to spend a lazy morning/afternoon though the brunch food is hit or miss. Decent spread of meat/cheese, fruit and make your own omelette. The donut station was fun. Disappointed in the pancake/waffle.dined at harp & crown recently and there were several reasons that I am giving three stars, number one being service. After waiting on a bench to be seated for our reservation, we were taken to one of the side by side tables along the wall which makes conversation rather difficult, as both diners are facing the room rather than each other. After our order was taken and drinks eventually delivered we didn't have contact with our server, just with various runners, who brought everything we ordered at the same time, clams, shrimp,and salad all jammed onto our tiny table while another runner stood hovering with our pizza..we sent him away because not only was there no more room on the table, we had hoped to eat at a human pace and try to enjoy the food. Flagged down our server who immediately blamed the kitchen for firing all at once, I'm pretty sure servers do the firing but still no real care for our issue. Fortunately a new pizza was made, not just our old one still sitting around. we didn't bother with dessert, left the check and money on the table because server never returned. one and done.I came here for the first time for brunch with some friends and have to say the food was amazing, as were the drinks.  The host was welcoming, our waiter was very friendly and attentive, and the restaurant decor is beautiful!  As much as I enjoyed my experience, I do have to say it's a shame because the "face" of Harp and Crown - the manager, Matthew, whom I just got off the phone with had terrible customer service.  My credit card was charged twice so I called and left a message.  He did have a prompt response, but when I didn't want to give him the last 4 digits of my credit card over the phone because I wasn't comfortable with doing that and asked him to pull receipts from Saturday instead - his tone completely changed because "it was going to take him longer" which I replied with "that's fine".  I didn't get any inconvenience apologies, or even a goodbye.  He said okay thanks and literally hung up the phone.  Regardless if he was having a bad day or whatever it may have been, when a customer calls with this type of issue, the last thing a manager should be is rude!I wanted to like this place so badly -- Double Knot exceeded all expectations, and Sampan is consistently delicious. Harp and Crown had so much potential... 
But. 
Around 7pm on a Sunday night, the place was basically empty. Despite this, service took forever. The menu wasn't particularly enticing (especially with my annoying gluten allergy) but we placed our orders (eventually) and hoped for the best. 
Drinks? 
Good, but took forever to come out. 
Food? 
Overpriced and meh. Two people ordered the scallops, and said they were so salty they were inedible. (One said that the salt actually burned her tongue and gave her a little ulcer.) The margarita pizza was reported to have tasted like soggy cardboard. The cheese platter was good, and my fish dish was good -- but for the amount of time we waited, and the price, I wanted everyone to be blown away by everything. 
By the time dessert rolled around, everyone was fed up with waiting for not-amazing-food, and we kind of just wanted to be done. 
The atmosphere IS beautiful though -- the place is lovely. 
Intrigued about the bowling alley in the basement (fancy bowling with fancy drinks could be an interesting grown-up adventure?) we asked the host if we could go check it out. Keep in mind the place was basically empty -- and we (a group of thirty-something yuppies) would be the ideal prospective candidates to rent $200 bowling alley lanes in the future -- and yet, we were denied. Apparently you are ONLY ALLOWED to go into the basement if you order at least one drink, per person. 
We wanted to go home, but were curious about what the bowling scene was like there, and we left unsatisfied on numerous fronts. 
Hopefully these are just growing pains and this place will tweak and edit itself to live up to it's potential.Average tasting brunch that's a buffet. Food options are mostly continental with an omelette bar. Seating isn't great against the wall and the price is on the higher side for the food/quality.The staff at Harp and Crown were incredible. My husband and I went there for our anniversary at 7pm on a Friday. It was packed for sure. We sat at the end of a longer table with another group of people we weren't with and there were people behind my husband standing around the bar. Immediately the waiter apologized, kept checking on us and our comfort, and when another spot opened up, he immediately offered it to us. They kept wishing us a happy anniversary, brought over extra candles for even better mood lighting, gave us champagne, and comped our dessert which we also weren't going to get but decided to at the last minute. They were lovely all night long, recommended great drinks and food. We couldn't have been happier. The cost for the amount and quality of food was great. They say it's small plates but really it's a normal dinner size portion at home, just not a restaurant dinner portion. We brought leftovers home to say the least! Thank you Harp and Crown for a wonderful anniversary. You were all amazing. Oh and of course the place is STUNNING to top it all off!The food was really good and fresh. The waiters were amazing and the cocktails were very good. The portion sizes were a little small in my opinion but the quality was great. My favorite was the gnocchi which was cooked perfectly. The pizza is a very thin crust version which tastes great but isn't very filling. Overall a great expletive and date night, especially since the ambience is very niceLove, love, love this place!  Be sure to go downstairs (with 2 lanes of bowling)...so cool!!!!  Food was wonderful!  We had:  Pork Belly Lettuce wraps 4.5 stars;   Beef Croquets 1.5 stars; Lamb Meatballs 3.5 stars; Beef skewers 5.0; Spring lamb steak 2.0; Chocolate cake 4.0; Pear tart 5.0; Coffee 5.0.  Best of the night...Jonathan, our Waiter!!!  Funny, sassy, and on top of EVERYTHING we needed.  Will be back!I feel like this is yet another review that has a hedged statement, but the context is important.  I was here with my company of 42 so large group!  I won't comment much on the service, but I do think we were understaffed but that's to be expected for a 3-week old restaurant.  The food was a nice blend of classics like roasted chicken and charcuterie, mixed with some more interesting dishes like the meatballs and halibut.  Overall, I really enjoyed the majority of the dishes.  Nice, classic dishes.  The reason I give it 4 stars is the furniture and space.  The chairs are ridiculously small and tight.  I'm 6'1 and 180 lbs and I was super uncomfortable.  It must be doing really well because it was packed and everyone was dressed to the nines.  I honestly felt like I was back in LA with a number of suits and skirts.  Overall, I think they'll need to adjust the layout and obtain new furniture, but I think they're onto a nice thing.Rough start for @HarpCrown. Beautiful restaurant, pretty good food, awful slow and confused service. Not just our table. Every table around us. Some of our dishes just never came out, no one cared. No apologies at all. Looking for better from this talented crew.Went to Harp and Crown and enjoyed our night with a few exceptions. 
First the good: 1)seated promptly, 2)all of the staff were super nice and attentive throughout the meal, and 3) the food was really good although the portions were small, more on that later (pork belly, chicken fried mushrooms, gnocchi, and bone in ny strip for 2, sugar snap peas) 4)great cocktails 
The not so good: 
1)the seating arrangement in this place is weird. You either have to sit at a communal table or you sit cramped side by side on the wall with a tiny table in between you (The table fills up so quickly between water, cocktails and food that I accidentally knocked over a glass but the waitress was really nice about it.) we sat side by side on the wall and must have tripped at least 4 people throughout our meal walking by accident. 
2)This place is one of many places popping up in philly that thinks it's okay for the server to approach the table and ask "have you been here before? Well if you haven't, we typically share plates here and suggest ordering a few and sharing...the food also arrives as it is ready." It arrived in this order: chicken fried mushrooms(hot), snap peas(ice cold, listed as side dish), gnocchi, pork belly, steak (which came rare and cold even though we ordered it medium.) Each dish arrived randomly and the flow of the meal was broken up very strangely. The portions are also not really shareable. I could have easily eaten everything we ordered myself. After the meal, we saw a table next to use getting a pizza and we highly considered ordering one even after the steak. We decided against the pizza as the meal had already cost us enough at that point. 
We probably won't be returning any time soon.After a quick errand in Rittenhouse Square on Saturday 3/17, I had brunch at Harp & Crown on Sansom Street. First off, the restaurant space is beautiful with a very relaxing look and feel. Personal space between tables and between tables and the bar (where the brunch buffet takes place) can be a little tight when full of happy eager patrons, but everyone makes it work. Second, the service here is right on point: friendly, courteous, and professional. Third, my brunch was very good. The hostess took care of me with a great little table in the entry tiled foyer which thankfully was filled with sunshine and convincingly made you believe you were in an outdoor courtyard. Coffee and a $6 Bloody Mary special got me off to a great start. I tried the omelet station, added some breakfast sausage, and some salad, and created a mini plate with shrimp, a little soppressata and slice of provolone. After a bagel and a second Bloody Mary, I realized this brunch was thoroughly enjoyable and comforting. The crowd is a visibly happy mix of bachelorette parties, families, friends, couples, the well-heeled, and college students. I recommend Harp & Crown for brunch and plan to try it sometime for dinner. As a funny side note:  The rest rooms have a shared sink area for men and women. So just know if you are initially startled seeing someone unexpected on the other side of the door, your cocktail was not the source of your temporary confusion.A friend of mine took me here for brunch the first time I came to visit Philly and it was such a good place! The atmosphere had a great vibe and the decor is pretty awesome. It's such a hidden gem. Our service was a bit hectic since we had a couple of people waiting on our table but the gentleman who looked like a manager seem to fix everything accordingly . I def would go back , and I would recommend this place to others.Downstairs Elbow Room Bar is our new favorite place for Happy Hour!  Ryan's drinks were amazing!  Food selections for all tastes!  Can't wait to bowl:). No tv screens downstairs, so don't expect to watch the game.From the moment you walk into this place, you will definitely be impressed with the ambience. Rustic, expansive, and industrial, this place feels well thought out--and it shows. We went on a Saturday night and the restaurant was packed. Service was great, attentive, and swift. Food price ranged from $8-24 and they do inform you that the chef encourages getting several small plates to share (i.e. tapas style) so you can savor different parts of the menu. We did end up going for the lamb meatballs and a winter squash crostini as starters and they were both savory and well proportioned for the two of us. For the entree, I had the scallops and my boyfriend had a pasta dish with broken up sausage. His was definitely delicious and mine was good as well--but I thought it lacked some essential flavor with the scallops, however, and needed the accompanying sauce to completely satisfy your tastebuds. We skipped out on dessert since we were stuffed! In terms of seating, I like the casual look of things. However, if you're a couple, just to note you might be seated up against the wall in this bench type of seating which forces you to eat and face the other diners awkwardly. I see what they were going for with the bench/pillow seating but with the way that the table was sized and how close it was to the body, it was a little difficult to eat properly and look at your date or friend beside you. Nice little addition to the Philly food scene overall though.So this review is for brunch, but I've also been here for happy hour and I definitely recommend going here for happy hour.
Anyway, I made reservation for 5 people for 12:15, we were seated promptly. I know, you're asking me why are you telling me this? But here's the thing, I'm one of those people who really appreciates punctuality and the fact that they sat us right away was a plus, especially since they were pretty packed. 
The all you can eat brunch was $28 (totally worth it) and boozy drinks were a additional $6.  Included with the brunch was coffee and/or tea, fruit juice and water (duh, I know). They had a pretty big selection of cold stuff, mini sandwiches, some salads (that I skipped), cheese (manchengo and some type of creamy thing, either Brie or boucheron), cocktail shrimp, smoked salmon with all the fixings, assorted bagels, gluten free bread (if you're into that kinda thing), mini croissants, muffins, fresh fruit, bruleed grapefruit (surprisingly super delicious), and make your own donut station!
Now onto the hot stuff, oatmeal (no thank you), fried chicken nuggets, waffles (I enjoyed the batter), prime rib, sausage gravy, biscuits, potatoes, breakfast sausage (not the flat round kind), bacon (pretty thick cut), omelet station. There may have been other stuff, but, I can't remember it all.
My personal favorite(s), the donuts, prime rib, waffle and whiskey coffee cake (basically tastes like tiramisu).
Service was slow to start, but once it got started it was very good.I absolutely loved this place. 
Good food and excellent service. I highly recommend it.I have been here just once... and that experience was so good to get me to come back! 
I was here for their Sat-Sun brunch and nothing to complain about. I  have tried thousand of brunches in NYC, and although, this is not an unlimited boozy brunch, it is all you are going to need. Besides, it is good to take a break from those watery-too-sweet drinks included in NYC brunches and just opt for what you should drink (well, sometimes it can go from 1 to 10 mimosas LOL).
You have a buffet to choose from, and with the best quality meals: omelettes (diy), artisan sandwiches, cheeses, salads, cutting sections (meats), olives, quiches, etc.. and the sweet station has no comparison, there is even a donut station where you can create your own donut (customize it)... Although, I am not a big fun of donuts, I did try one.
The atmosphere is also nice, with high ceilings and pictures hanging on the walls. Maybe the seating might not be to your liking, but this is another way to interact with others.
As I said, alcoholic drinks are not included, but you have unlimited coffee/tea and freshly squeezed juices, on top of a menu with very good prices for cocktails and the like.
Service was great, our waitress was attentive and friendly at all times.
I actually wish I can find something similar in NYC to enjoy (quality meal and sweets).
If you are visiting Philly on a weekend, I strongly suggest you to stop by H&C and you can thank me later. Reservations are strongly recommended.
Until my next visit... which I have already scheduled! 
P.S. Pics to come later.Honestly, the best Brussels sprouts I've ever had in my life. One of the most beautiful restaurants in Philly.This has been on my list to try out for awhile.  I came here for lunch and was surprised at how big it is inside.  
I ordered the burger and it was a massive patty.  I would say it was almost an inch thick.  I do like the fact that it filled me up, but I think it was too tough to eat through.  Flavors were good and it does get a little messy trying to shove this sandwich in your mouth.  Got the chips and those are nicely seasoned.
Will definitely come back for happy hour or dinner and to check out the bowling alley downstairs.I went here for time the other day for a friends birthday party (reservation was at 8:30). The service was top notice but the food and it's quality was sub par. Their menu does not explicitly say what you are ordering. Especially the 'shrimp toast' that is listed under 'Hot (food)'. What I got was a burnt piece of very dry pumpernickel toast with shrimp salad on top. So burnt and dry that when I bit into the crust of the toast I almost choked. It doesn't make a lot of sense to have lamb meat balls and shrimp toast labeled under the same category as 'Hot (food)' when is what I received was a light warm meal that felt like it was put together in 30 seconds. I'm very disappointed to the highest degree.Amazing brunch! Was taken to this little gem for my BDay brunch by friends and I have to say they know me very well! If you are a foodie like myself you will love the upscale brunch buffet. The food was Exceptional, great atmosphere and worth the price. We will def be going to the H&C again soon. 
The wait staff could be a bit more attentive and friendlier but it was a crowded dreary rainy day. So this can have a pass this time lol.A drunken review...
Arrived with a few buddies after many many many cocktails.  Can't remember much, but service was great and the place is huge.  Decor and layout is amazing.
Lots of food items in small plate format.  Pork shank was ridiculously good, but I had a piece that was almost entirely fat.
Cocktails were ok, but probably not worth the price they were charging.  Plenty of other places that will give you a quality drink for about the same price.
I'll give this place another chance because I really loved the atmosphere.  Almost a 4-star rating but they need to step up their drink game.  I'll re-review on my next visit.Came here for dinner with a group. Ordered a chicken entree. The chicken was flavorful and tender. Service was nice and quick, and the server was very knowledgeable about the food menu. The atmosphere is very cool and cozy. We sat near the bowling alley so we watched other people bowl while we waited for our food to come. Wish it was not so dim inside but other than this slight complaint would definitely recommend this restaurantGreat place for a double date in the middle of the week.  I could see this place being a mad house on a Friday or Saturday night.   The décor is awesome and unique with the single lane bowling alley in the basement.  The margarita pizza was good, as was the cheese platter.
I've seen a few bad reviews from people who appear to be cranky old people, so if you are a cranky old person, steer clear.   This place may be loud as people are enjoying their lives.My mom and I went to Harp and Crown for brunch. We had reservations and we were  seated almost immediately. The place was pretty crowded but we were sat by a front window which was the perfect spot to people watch, chat and catch up! We really wanted to enjoy the experience and I can't say enough good things! We sat from 12:30-4 never feeling rushed or like our waiter was dying for us to leave! We purchased the brunch buffet and drink package which was such a great value! For $50 we had all we could eat and four drinks! The food was delicious the staff were attentive, friendly and accommodating! We can't wait to go back!This review is for their HH. I really like this place for happy hour but there is one reason that holds me back from giving five stars. I love a good happy hour spot that offers a munchies/small bites/ food menu, even if it's small. Harp & Crown's happy hour menu has options like rosemary popcorn ($3), creamy whipped ricotta with grilled sourdough ($4), garlic oregano & chili flake pizza ($5), and more. (Prices are estimates; to be honest I don't 100% remember what they were but I do remember they were priced reasonably!) I really really liked the pizza. It was a sizable pie and it was delicious with a good amount of heat. The ricotta was good too. I didn't get to try the popcorn because they forgot that part of our order but I appreciate bars who offer true snack-like options because I like to munch while I drink. They also comped our pizza since they forgot our popcorn, which was nice of them. The drinks part of the happy hour menu is where it's lacking. You get either: house cocktail, house red, house white, or daily happy hour beer. When I was there, the house cocktail was a vodka cran... like really?? This place has such a great cocktail menu and they can't rotate some of those creative drinks as part of their HH menu? Such a shame! That's why I give this HH  four stars. The house red was decent and I'd definitely come back for HH for a glass of that + some small bites. The space is really cool and the bar layout is spacious. It's a good spot for large groups or a date. Not that I experienced it but there's also a bowling alley downstairs, if you're interested.The food we ordered came extremely late and out of order. The main courses didn't come for two hours. They forgot our drink order, until we asked a second and third time. We specified we had a celiac at our table, and they still proceeded to serve her two dishes that contained gluten after making very clear that that dish needed to be gluten free. The first we caught, as it had bread on the side. The second was grilled octopus, but after we ate it, the waitress came to inform us there'd been a mistake and the sauce on her dish contained gluten. The celiac girl at our table ended up in serious distress for two days.I pretty much love everything that Schulson does but Harp and Crown really knocked it out of the park. 
Atmosphere - what a beautiful space. Inviting, intimate, airy, rustic - overall, lovely. 
Service- top notch. Our waitress was bubbly, friendly, and helpful. She was attentive and kind. 
The food- where to even begin. We came in for restaurant week and did the chefs tasting menu (normally $45 pp), and it includes 7 items and dessert. We had the H&C salad - tasty, light. The poke- really flavorful and well dressed. The pork belly- super tender, the quince purée was amazing. The spicy soppressatta pizza - hot with a great honey kick, and a generous sized pie. The gnocchi- tasty, they're made with ricotta. The steak with salsa verde - perfectly tender and beautifully presented. The brussel sprouts- some of the best I've ever had - hot and sweet. And for dessert, a chocolate cake with chocolate ganache. 
This place is the real deal- put it on your list immediately!One of the best restaurants in Philly.   Awesome atmosphere. Excellent cocktails, fantastic apps and entrees.  Work dinner where we ate family style and had one of everything including desserts.  Top notch.   Downstairs bar with bowling alley is great as well.Harp & Crown quickly became my favorite spot in Philadelphia. Went there with my boyfriend for our anniversary, and it was a perfect experience from top to bottom. 
The incredible decor transports you 100 years into the past in the most beautiful and unique way. Once you can stop yourself from looking around and can finally take a bite of your food, you quickly realize it's one of the best meals you've ever had. Cocktails are great, and the skirt steak is indescribably out of this world. Every bite we had from the steak, halibut, and Spanish  octopus to our lemon tart and chocolate cake was delicious and savored. 
We will absolutely be returning again and again and would 100% recommend harp and crown to any one of our friends!It's really unfortunate I wasn't able to leave a better review. From the looks of it, you would expect an amazing experience. I have now gone TWICE and both times they have messed up my order. Ordered multiple dishes and there has always been one item that takes over an hour to get ( we ordered everything at once mind you) or we never got it, even when the server kept telling us both times it was going to be " right out." One time, ok I get it. But twice?? Y'all need to figure it out! Food does taste well but clearly there is something going on with attentiveness of servers( or they are overwhelmed) or organization in the kitchen.LOVE this place. 
First visit was with a friend for my birthday. Friday night, couldn't get a table or a spot at the ground level bar but that forced us to explore the lower level which was sexy l, low key and awesome. Sat at the bar, had a drink that they set on fire and that fucked me up for a week afterwards.... it was so good. Just ask for the drink that gets lit on fire. 
Margherita pizza is delicious. 
Second visit was on a date with someone special. We had an amazing time. With a reservation this time in hand, Friday night yielded us a cozy table for two that was basically a long cozy couch with a round table for us to eat on. Very intimate.
We had the sampler for two which gave us a generous portion of seven dishes... one from each catergory of the menu. I was excited because I could have the Margherita pizza again while also trying the many foods my hot date wanted to try. Perfect solution. We both had the best drinks.
What makes this place is the ambiance. It is INSANELY GORGEOUS upscale, artsy, cozy, open , unique and with a great, upbeat vibe. 
Third visit was with family: shared 2 pizzas for table, scallops were delicious, Hangar steak, chocolate cake, lamb meatballs, Mac and Cheese, beet salad.... all delicious. Spanish octopus was just ok.
I can't wait to go to Harp & Crown again.Michael Schulson's latest eatery is actually difficult to describe.  With a name like Harp and Crown it sure sounds like a pub.  But it has much more of an upscale restaurant atmosphere than a casual pub drinking and eating spot.  Whatever it def looks great.  And for Restaurant Week, Harp and Crown also came through with a very nice meal.  I stopped in for a late lunch and was rewarded by lamb meatballs for starters that were truly awesome in flavor.  Unless you're a vegetarian, don't miss these.  The duck sausage fettuccine main course was less successful but perked up with the addition of hot pepper.  A pineapple upside-down cake with a scoop of gourmet ice cream (I think they said - rosemary cherry brandy ice cream) completed the meal.  I learned that this desert is called pineapple upside-down cake because they cook it with the pineapples on the bottom and then flip it when it is finished.  The service was friendly and excellent throughout the lunch.  I'm sure Harp and Crown would be a good eating choice anytime although of course a little bit pricier outside of Restaurant Week and if one doesn't expect a casual (and inexpensive) English pub atmosphere.Very cool spot, high ceilings (most likely a converted bank I'm speculating). Only had a couple cocktails but enjoyed them immensely. Sideways Car was an interesting twist and I wasn't disappointed. Would be interested in coming back to try the food!Wonderful ambiance. Engaging staff. Great brunch options.  Got the drink package and felt the beverages were light on the alcohol.After being unable to find parking for 25 minutes we finally found a spot a few blocks away. So if you can walk or Uber here, definitely do so. The atmosphere was really cute and rustic, it looks like an old factory that they revamped with some kitschy decor. I liked the restaurant itself a lot. 
No one who I encountered in the staff was particularly nice though. Everyone seemed like they didn't have time for us.
The food was okay. Nothing outstanding. We went for the brunch buffet and if you want eggs or an omelette good luck with that!! The line didn't go down the whole time we were there. You spend half of your time waiting in line for it to be cooked.
Lastly it's pretty pricey...and then me and my friend both got food poisoning. So the whole experience, other than the atmosphere, was really disappointing. Most likely will not be back."This place is sooo cool" is what I said on repeat regarding the vast space, decor and lively atmosphere at Harp & Crown in Philly.
It has a rustic, vintage feel and my friend described as a "Victorian Sunken Ship" which is pretty spot on for the decor.
It's new American cuisine, tapas style and the 4 of us on a Friday night shared 8 dishes. Our server described it as a fluid kitchen meaning food is brought out as it's prepared and not all at once.  My only gripe was that I wished there wasn't such long gaps between courses.
The 4 of us shared the following 8 dishes:
   -Sausage Rigatoni $16
   -Flat Iron Steak $18
   -Charcuterie $15
   -Spicy Soppressata Pizza $15
   -Lamb Meatballs $13 (3 to order, added 1)
   -Diver Scallops $19  (3 to order)
   -Ricotta Gnocchi $14
   -Big Eye Tuna Poke $16 
Everything was delicious, my favorite was the rigatoni & steak and found the charcuterie the least memorable.
We were all happy with the cocktails - Dying Declaration $12 is actually lit on fire! Big shout out to the guy at the bar who insisted to buy my drink because I took a video of his being prepared. Thanks kind stranger!A short walk from the Convention Center.  Food was okay but pricey for the quality. Waitstaff was friendly. Each dish comes out when ready so not everyone at the table will begin eating at the same time. The restaurant is very dark. The two of us were seated on either side of a bracket mounted to a bench running alongside the wall. A small flat table surface is attached to the bracket.  When eating, you twist your body sideways - a novel seating concept.  We were facing the bar (lots of fun people-watching entertainment).  ( :  Overall, we were not impressed with this restaurant's decor or food but this is a "hip" place so you better make a reservation if you want to eat here.Nice ambiance, great service and fabulous food. The Longfellow Sour cocktail and Hamachi small plate are "to die for"! Husband requests the beer to be colder but that's only a minor hiccup.One of the best happy hours we've come across in Philly. Lamb meatballs, Mac and cheese, and the daily special pizza were all so amazing. Great drink specials too! Awesome spot.Went to H&C for the first time last night, had a solid experience celebrating a friends birthday. Food and service was good, not great because our server forgot one of our appetizers.  Also, the small portion sizes left me wanting more because the food was so good! Is it me, or is there a new trend to charge more money for less food haha!?   
Anyway, H&C is worth checking out. Food is solid and the environment is unique.Well-made drinks and decent service. It's a large place that requires reservations, though we did manage to social engineer our way into the lower level bar, which has its own heavily stylized feel accompanied by a bowling alley that's surprisingly not that large. The server we had wasn't the most knowledgeable about cocktails--when I noted that my taste preferences run toward manhattans and negronis, the server suggested a boulevardier, and I said that I would prefer something more creative, bartenders choice. So he brought back... a boulevardier. I'm not knocking it, but that does speak to how the bar operates--it doesn't place a premium on fun cocktails the way a number of speakeasies and cocktail bars do, it's more of a scenester, see-and-be-seen joint. If you order something, they're unlikely to screw it up, but know what you want to have. The food looked great and people seemed to be raving over it. Prices were also decent.Me and several friends got food poisoning after eating here. I do not recommend eating here. I'm currently laying in bed experiencing a lot of pain.Went to harp and crown on a Tuesday evening on October 2017 around 9. It was lovely. The staffs are  very professional but not in your face. The drinks are tasty but you know they didn't skimp on the alcohol. 
There is also a bowling lane you could utilize as you are drinking. Love the atmosphere and the vibe of this place!This place is beautiful, huge, and something interesting to look at everywhere you turn. I went on a Saturday night, it was reservations only and a very packed house. With a group of five, they recommend 2 to 3 plates per person. We found that one entree each plus a few appetizers to share was sufficient. Prices were steep considering portion sizes are very small, but the food was really delicious. As for bowling, I don't even think that would've been an option. I think there's only two lanes and it seemed to be a very long wait if not reservation only.I wanted to be in love with this place. Drinks food atmosphere is amazing. 
But when you have a 8:30 reservation that you are on time for and are seated after 10 it was hard to enjoy. 
We entertained ourselves by grabbing drinks at the bar but the wait was too long. It was quit a shock to not receive a free drink or app after the long wait.Came here on a Friday evening to grab a drink with friends and was thoroughly impressed. We came right around 5, so it wasn't very crowded. The upstairs has really nice decor and all, but we made our way straight to the Elbow Room. I've been here before and I love the ambiance...it has a very warm and inviting feel, making you feel right at home. The setting has the option of being intimate, which makes it great for dates as well. The two bowling lanes is a nice touch, and while I haven't had the opportunity to try them, a nearby group seemed to be enjoying it a lot.
The mixed drinks are really well made and they aren't too expensive. The creativity that goes into each drink is something that is definitely worth mentioning. We tried The Crown Jewel, Slow Fix and The Charred Stone, all of which were delicious. Our favorite was the Charred Stone, beacuse it was probably the most unique and tasted the best. Overall, I highly recommend coming here, whether it be with a group of friends, a date or just by yourself.