This was a delicious brunch with a chill atmosphere. Best biscuits and gravy I've ever had outside of the American south. And $4 mimosas where the OJ to bubble ratio was perfection. Thank you!Heritage's ambiance is awesome. The decor is beautiful and the live jazz is a nice touch. We had reservations for 4 people at 7pm. When we were seated it was empty then started filling up quickly. We started with appetizers of chicken wings and the Smoked Potato flatbread. I had the Heritage Breed Pork for my main. The service was excellent and I really enjoyed my flavorful entree. I will definitely be back, even to sit at the bar.What the hell happened?!?! Super cool place, awesome atmosphere, great music and good service.. But the food.. What happened to the food? 
I've been there twice for dinner in their first couple month and the food was delicious. I loved it. 
I sent my friends there for their anniversary and was so surprised when they said it was bad. Awful, to be exact.. So I went there last week and yeah... Pretty bad. 
The Brussel sprouts were so soggy.. Like the frozen lame kind that you steam in the micro.. The potatoes were bad- how can you ruin potatoes?? 
The steak on toast.. Lots of toast.. Very little steak.. And can someone tell me why the burrata was swimming in a string peas soup or whatever it is?
I think you get the point. 
Go there for drinks, but I do not recommend the food..Great place in the very cool Northern Liberties neighborhood.  Nice and stylish inside with outdoor seating as well.  The place was pretty busy tonight and had a live jazz band playing during dinner.  Both food and service were good.  Such a great looking place, try it!EXECELLENT food. Had the chicken, veggies platter, and crudo. Everything here was excellent. The drinks were okay, and the service I would give 4/5 stars (just had to wait a long time before getting our check). Other than that I will definitely be coming back here many times. It is a great place for a group dinner and all in all, affordable. The live music is phenomenal.This is my new favorite spot! A new hip and chill place to hang out and have really good food in Northern Liberties! From the service, to the food and finally the ambience this new restaurant is sure to be a major hit!Very nice ambiance. The music was great, the service as well. We have enjoyed the music a lot. The bread pudding was delicious.Came to have dinner here and I liked it. They have live jazz which is pretty good. The dishes, although pricey, are very delicious. I recommend people to get several small plates and share. Also the duck is really good.So. I reallllyyy liked Heritage. And I will most certainly be back. 
The atmosphere was great, it's open and spacious with a huge garage door opening out onto 2nd St. There is also a long bar that spans the length of the restaurant and an outdoor seating area. It reminds me of Terrain, if you've ever been there. 
Service was fantastic. Our server was so pleasant and made great recommendations, it felt like we were simply hanging out with him all night (but not in a clingy, overbearing waiter kind-of-way). 
We stuck to small plates for dinner. The mussels were huge, chicken croquettes were a must-order and the beet salad was my absolute favorite (I think I've had at least 3 dreams about it since).
And, the icing on the cake was the live jazz music! They have live music every night and during brunch on Saturdays & Sundays. I definitely want to come back for brunch!Went for brunch. Bluegrass band was awesome. Food was absolutely incredible. My husband had the breakfast platter, which had some of the best bacon I've ever eaten. I had the blackened shrimp. Portion was a little small but I kind of appreciated that because I wasn't obscenely full afterwards. The shrimp and grits were absolutely phenomenal. As a side we ordered the pheasant scrapple which was also incredible. And the food came very quickly which was awesome. Overall 5/5. Amazing.So the food here is actually pretty good; not amazing but about 3 stars, and the service here is attentive - no complaints there. The reason for the 2 stars is that they really need to do some research on the definition of "family size." The $30 duck and $28 pork dishes were barely enough to feed 1 person (forget it if you are 1 normal-sized, hungry person), much less having "enough to share." This is the first time that our group had to order more b/c we were still hungry. The check came out to be about $44 per person, not including tip, and I wasn't even full. I'd definitely going elsewhere, unless you like leaving hungry.The food was amazing.  Great vibe and location.  Would definitely recommend and go back again soon.  Loved sitting outside.  There was also a jazz band playing inside so after we ate our dinner we sat at the bar and listened.Worked with Valerie to coordinate a bachelorette party with the prefix menu. The food was AMAZING, we couldn't get enough of the kale salad, veggie plate and dessert!! The music was great and we had such a fantastic time. Everyone was raving and we can't wait to go back!!As a few of the other reviews mentioned, this place desperately needs a good BURGER option (or chicken sandwich) on the menu.  
While I enjoy the uniqueness of the menu, I would certainly visit here more often if they had a few more accessible options on the menu.  Given the fantastic beer list here, I think you would see business improve vastly.  
Free jazz music, beautiful room, amazing beers... so close to being a 5 star spot.Environment:
sat outside. great atmosphere. Outside is very relaxing in the evening an great for catching up with friends (i.e., you can hear them With just a enough Jazz rounding out the background ;).
Food:
Duck= amazing.
Vege plate = get it (whatever is on broccoli is magical).
Drink menu: could use a few more beer options.
Price:
a little on the high side but what you should expect for the type of dining and surrounding area.The food here is absolutely delicious coupled with the most amazing servers. We had a 2pm brunch when they lose at 3pm yet we were able to stay until 4pm. LJ was so nice and friendly and most importantly patient with our party of 11! The jazz band was a wonderful touch but the food was obviously what you will come back for!Went to heritage for brunch this past weekend with a group of my friends.  After hearing so many positive things I was really looking forward to brunch. The restaurant itself is beautiful.  The entire restaurant is open and there are plants and fresh herbs above the bar. 
Our reservation time was right at 1130 when the restaurant was opening so to start up service was a little slow.  Our server was very friendly and my one friend was given a drink on the house because of the wait time. 
There was live jazz music for the duration of brunch which I really enjoyed. I feel like in general there is a lack of good live music in philly- so that's a plus!
The food was wonderful.  I got the heritage breakfast plate which includes toast, eggs, bacon,  and home fries.  Everything was delicious... but oh the bacon.  Thick, center cut, crispy and amazing!  Great list of craft brews, local coffee, and cocktails.  Definitely one of my new favorite brunch spots- love!Live jazz. Good beer. Phenomenal food. Their food is some of the best I have had. Be prepared to spend a little bit of money, but know is worth every penny. I went with a group of 5 people. We sat, relaxed and ordered slowly. We all split everything making it even better (we tried almost half the menu). Splitting is the way to go and because the food is so rich a bite or two does it justice. The brisket was my favorite followed by the rabbit sausage. The service was wonderful and the waitress was more than helpful when ordering. Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu!My significant other and I were very excited to check out Heritage. It has a beautiful layout, open to the outside, plus live jazz. So, today, we went there for brunch. 
It is lovely inside...but downhill from there. It was pretty empty, but we were seated next to a couple with a small child. Not terrible, but a definite misstep. I'd seat a couple away from families. 
I ordered a drink called "Summer Breeze": gin, basil, lemonade, and cucumber. For $10, it was way too heavy on the sugary lemonade and light on the gin. Also, I saw the bartender drop a piece of basil on the bar and then casually throw it in my drink. It's a good thing I have a strong immune system, right? With so many great bars in the Fishtown/No Libs area, their house drinks should be fantastic; they should not be like Country Time lemonade from a vending machine with a couple of slices of cucumber. 
I ordered the Heritage Breakfast Plate: bacon, eggs, toast, and potatoes. It was OK. The eggs didn't have any real flavor -- other than egg flavor, much as one would expect from a diner. My significant other ordered the Vegetable Frittata. I guess it lived up to its name: there was a single, small shred of green in it. Overall, the food was much like the restaurant in a business hotel, where you really don't care what it tastes like because your company is paying. 
The waitress was very nice and we felt badly for her. The hostess or manager sneezed several times near patrons' food and was wearing shoes that barely covered her feet. That smacks of poor hygiene. 
Then, the jazz trio took a break shortly after our arrival and was replaced by hackneyed Motown music, like we were in a scene from "The Big Chill." Meh.
I hope everyone else who goes here has a better experience.Very happy to have a place like Heritage in our neighborhood. The music is great - we've been to Bluegrass Brunch on Sunday and we've also enjoyed live jazz on a Friday night. The space is beautiful - adorned with awesome plants, great natural light during the day and relaxing lighting in the evening. The food is really good, too- we had a really delicious dinner there with plenty of amazing vegetarian options. The brunch offerings weren't as interesting as the dinner options, but still tasty. The staff is great. Will definitely go back soon!One of my favorite spots in  Philly. I love the decor and ambience. The drink menu and tap list is amazing. I went for brunch once, which was totally amazing. I've never gone for dinner, the food is way too expensive for my budget. But I'm always happy to duck in for a drink.Great space with great friends and a real nice vibe. We must have had almost every appetizer on the menu and each and everyone was very good. As the Vegatarian in the group there were plenty of options. The food was flavorful and well presented. Mushroom toast, squash salad and a cauliflower dish all shone. Our party of four ended up sharing the noodle entrée and it did not disappoint.  Drinks were OK, my wife wasn't thrilled with her Moscow mule. The fruit crisp was delicious, a generous portion. The service started off strong, I think our server punched out and it was not a smooth transition. We went to hear live jazz, got there a little earlier than we had anticipated. It was primarily low-key background music until past nine. The ensemble that took the stage around 930 or so brought energy but still allowed for conversation.Great jazz spot, nice and open feel, great live edge wood bar, extensive whiskey list in a fun neighborhood. Definitely want to go back for dinner.Tremendous. Just a really different take on same old. Pig head, roasted potatoes, frois gras, all great!! Staff is attentive and gotta love the open air jazz feel. Looking forward to returning.Amazing craft beer and whiskey/bourbon selection.  Love the vibe of the restaurant, its super open and the acoustics are great for the music that goes on there.Bluegrass Sunday brunch was so savory, with a great band playing and amazing food. I had the special of pork belly and eggs and potato tacos, rest of the table had pancakes, eggs, thick thick bacon and much more.
Definitely heading back again. Would love to check out dinner and jazz on Saturdays too. 
We got there around noon and there were plenty of tables but it was getting filled by 1pmElegant, stylish, wide and tasty!!!
Seems like a new place, but be insured, you won't regret..I have been to Heritage a few times and love the fact that they have a live jazz band every night !! The food is good too!New on the menu  #grits with #bone bacon the best dish I had in many cities in the United States!  #chefkeepthisdishinyourmenuExcellent cocktails and jazz music bar none. The atmosphere was dark and warm like the jazz lounges of old (if only i knew what they were like). Service was great. Nothing more to ask for at an establishment like this. Will visit again.First time visit to this gorgeous space with our young adult kids and friends from NY. Our experience was just fantastic from our smart server to the live jazz band and of course the food. We did the seafood tower and wiped it out quickly with a round of beers and the fresh bread and herb butter...mmmmmm. Moved on to lots of small plates and a crazy noodle dish that we were fighting over. Even the roasted veggies were special. French press pot of coffee with chocolate peanut butter ice cream sandwiches left us all saying...we shall return.I can confidently say that Heritage is my new brunch spot when I'm in NL area!
I struggled to find a reservation for brunch on Mothers Day, but Heritage had an opening at the time I wanted. Sheer luck! For starters, Heritage's ambiance is great. A very country, rustic, souly vibe filled with live music and excellent service. -- When we arrived we were seated right away and the hostess was extremely approachable and friendly. We ordered a round of drinks and they both came out pretty fast. Heritage has great Bloody Mary's and for only $5!
Now the food. The menu was pre-fixed I believe which was fine, because everything looked enjoyable. I went with the pulled pork hash w/ sunny side up eggs. It was great! No complaints at all. My Mom ordered the heritage breakfast plate and loved it as well. 
They also have a small outside area attached as well!Boring. Happy hour cocktail: sangria?! The burger was OK, but small - more like a slider and $10 no fries. The mussels broth was a bit too salty. Happy hour prices for food were almost all the same as regular prices.
Very unimpressive. Not coming back.Planned the night out with friends to celebrate a few birthdays and what a Great place to have dinner! great food, great ambience, great service, live music, what more could you want? Definitely going backI had been to Heritage before for drinks but I finally came in for brunch for the first time today.
The ambiance of this place is great; solid layout, rustic decor and the urban garden makes you feel like you're in somewhat of an oasis!
The cocktails are carefully crafted, they have a solid draft list and excellent whiskey selection plus great wine options!
The food was also fantastic; my boyfriend had the duck sausage hash and I had the shrimp & grit cakes. Both were delicious, though my shrimp could have used a liiiiittle less salt. I look forward to trying dinner here!
Last, but not least, the live music is really enjoyable and something that's kinda hard to come by in Philly!Beautiful space with lots of wood and greenery decorating the bar. A very spacious space and overall cool atmosphere.  A nice place to go for a drink and some live music. We tried some of the smaller bites, and they were fine, just not memorable.  Will need to give the food another go next time.  Would return for the vibe, music and drinks.Went here for brunch this morning. We sat at the bar as there was a wait for table service. 
So many great things about this place. 
First... brunch on Sundays they have a live blue grass band. They were amazing. 
Second... they have 3-4-5: $3 dud beer, $4 mimosas and $5 bloodies till 3:45 amazing! 
Third... the food is great. Decent portions & really flavorful. We all were happy.
Lastly... the ambiance is great. Rustic and warm! 
I heard that this place was great for dinner, but never went. The brunch will 100% bring me back!!!I went there for drinks last night and I thought Heritage was amazing! They do not have an extensive list of cocktails or wines, however, they do have a huge list of beers. To be clear, even though their cocktails and wines were not too many, the ones they do actually have are delicious! My friends tried the gin/cucumber/lemonade drink and they loved it. I had the Argentinian Malbec and honestly it was one of the best I've ever had!
The atmosphere was so cool! They had live banks playing jazz and the decor was very well-thought, too. 
Next time we'll go for dinner for sure!We went during the summer, when the space was opened up to the street front. The decor is absolutely stunning, particularly the bar with the plants on the adjacent wall. There was a live blue grass band playing, which made it difficult to hear my friends. But it was still good entertainment. The food itself is excellent as well - I've only come here for brunch and had a sampling of my friends' dishes, all of which were tasty. I ordered a dutch baby, which was perfectly crisp and cooked, complemented with some delicious lemon curd.Drink the bourbon.  Eat the duck.
You're welcome.
It really was the best duck I've had in a long, long time.  
It's making me write more to count as a review so... My bourbon preference was bookers.Atmosphere- A+
Service- A+
Food- A+
We stopped in for brunch as we just moved to the hood and had missed them a few times during the week. We had the dutch baby (think smothered crispy crepe), bone-in bacon (porky belly), smoked baby potatoes, and the kunik cheese.
My favorite was the baby potato dish and the cheesy grits that came with the bacon! The pork belly was very soft and fatty for my liking, I tend to render it down more (so we got it to go and I plan on making a hash with it at home-- nothing goes to waste! And the flavor was awesome)
My husband liked the dutch baby a lot but he's dutch so.. Maybe biased. The cheese was interesting and very good but there's a lot of it so definitely need to love cheese!
Multiple gourmet coffee options.. Hubby went for cold brew which is a moron acidic coffee (like Panther if you're familiar) and I went with the stronger French press.
All in all we found a new spot be will be back soon for dinner! Cheers!Had dinner and drinks, outstanding experience.  The food is top-notch, excellent quality everything.  We tried a variety of things, including vegetable plates to share, pork, and brisket.  Extremely nice wines, especially by the glass, and amazing beer selection.  They did an incredible job designing the bar, really beautiful decor, woodwork, and plants.  Service was also excellent.  Very impressed.  Would highly recommend and will be back very soon.We met friends here the Friday night that blizzard Jonas hit. The restaurant only had a few other groups, but it still had a warm and inviting atmosphere. My hubby and I shared the roasted beets and kale salad, which is AMAZING! And the the roasted chicken dish, which was good as well. The live jazz was an added bonus that would absolutely bring us back!Went on a Friday night. They had live music playing. It was a little loud but certainly did not kill the mood whatsoever sitting and eating. Split 3 "small" plates with another person and we were full. No room for dessert. We got the mussels, gratin potatoes (which i was not expecting to look the way they did), and the brussel sprouts. The mussels were great. I usually do not like them in anything other than red sauce, but I highly recommend. The potatoes were pretty good. Nice crispy top layer. The brussel sprouts were also very good. They had a little tang and spice to them, but overall were great. The menu incorporates very different options from the norm and it was appreciated. Very fresh and original. Easy to read menu, with not many choices, which is a plus when choosing what to eat rather than reading a book. They have a full bar (which seemed to be a great area to hang out) and many great beers on draft. I would go again.I went there for a date night with my fiancee.  We had an amazing dinner...house sausage, lamb meatballs, and the chicken dinner.  The appetizers were way much better than the larger dinner (chicken was a bit dry).  The atmosphere was fantastic...live music and a really nice place for dinner with a special person!Food is awful. I got the lobster pasta. It was super dry and bland.. The place is nice overall but it's so sad their food sucks. I love the live band that was there.. lived up the place.. if they did not have a live band, it could be the worse! ‍Awesome spot for brunch! After leaving a horrific experience at a restaurant down the street, my party entered oh so pleasant Heritage for a wonderful dining experience. 
The layout of the place is darling with a big open feel (converted old garage) with lots of plants, big long open tables, cool light fixtures, live music and friendly service.
The whole table of 8 of us got a variety of options on the menu and I will just say no one left unhappy, the options were original and fresh, and the drinks were funky and delicious as well. 
I have to come back and check it out for dinner!I've been here several times for drinks but this was my first time for dinner.  Heritage has great ambiance, service and food.  They have a huge beer selection.  I had the rabbit sausage and it was delicious (it basically tasted like sausage). It's a great date spot with a jazz band playing in the dim light.
My compliant is the bathroom situation which doesn't separate men/women.  This doesn't match the vibe of the restaurant and it seems too close to the dinner area.  Otherwise, it was a good experience and the location/space across from the Piazza is cool.  I wish Northern Libs had a few more place like Heritage.I don't ever leave Yelp reviews but I'm incredibly disappointed in the experience had here.  My date and I went last night for a Valentine's dinner and we both feel underwhelmed.   We walked in at 730 for our 730 reservation and there was going to be a 10 minute wait, no problem at all.  We went to the bar and each ordered two different Bourbon drinks off the drink menu and they were both really good and the bartender was friendly and quick.   We then got seated in front of the live band but unfortunately the music was way too loud to hear each other so I asked if we could be seated at a table a little further away.  The hostess was okay with that, thankfully.   The waiter came by and was very enthusiastic and friendly, off to a great start.  He told us about the specials which sounded amazing, one was a seafood tower and the other was a truffle pasta dish.   After inquiring he recommended we share the Burrata and the Brussels sprouts.   The Burrata was easily the most disappointing Burrata I've ever had, it wasn't creamy at all, real hard to cut and was presented very poorly, in a bowl of water with onions and green beans, served with wheat toast.  The Brussel sprouts  were average, nothing to rave or complain about.  After hem hawing about what to have for dinner we asked the waiter to describe the seafood tower again.  He made this sound like the most incredible, elaborate, fresh seafood tower I'd ever seen - complete with fresh crab claws, shrimp, oysters, craw fish, albacore, and a seafood salad.  For $75 we expected nothing but great.  When it came out it was such a sad display.  It was on a small platter of ice, the shrimp were 4 cocktail shrimp that were not fresh, three crab claws, half dozen oysters, smoked flounder slices (I think), a small pile of cubed albacore, four or five tiny crawfish and a small seafood salad.  Maybe it's just because I'm a seafood snob or is because I actually expect my money's worth when I order something but it was utterly awful - considering it being $75.   Being in the seafood restaurant business the platter could not have cost the restaurant more than $15 in food cost.  The first crab claw I bit into was frozen, the second one my date tried to have was dry and she couldn't  get the crab meat off the tendon.  When the waiter came by he asked how it was, excited for our response because of how happy he was we ordered it and I told him we were honestly underwhelmed and disappointed because of the presentation and the frozen crab.  He said, "oh really? I'm sorry about that." And walked away.   My date finished the oysters and I had one cocktail shrimp.  Other than that we couldn't stomach to eat anything else and the waiter came by and took the platter away.   When he brought the bill he didn't offer to provide a discount or to remove the item from the bill.  Instead we paid in full and left extremely disappointed.  We should have taken the $175 spent there and gone to the market and made a meal 2300 times better than what we had consumed.  We would never recommend this place to anyone unless you're going out just for cocktails.The live jazz is really why one would come here. If you're coming for a drink, bar isn't anything special, though whisky list is decent. I've eaten here a few times and nothing ever jumps out at me on the menu as the choices are always such weird concoctions or out there pairings. Not a bad after work place to start but definitely not where you want to end up all night.We chose that place for a promise of jazz and dinner. Well, both were superb.
What should I start with? 30 beers on a tap. Fern salad and roasted duck, all top quality. Mussels are plentiful and juicy, jazz smooth, waiters helpful and knowledgeable. My respect to the chef, musicians and others keeping the place.This place is super cool. I brought my friend, who happens to be vegan, for dinner and drinks on a Saturday. The menu appeals to everyone, the carnivorous, the veggies, and the vegans included. The ambience is very unique and rustic, with plants hanging behind the bar area and wood paneling surrounding the restaurant. There is live music every night, Fridays and Saturdays being specifically jazz night. 
Our waiter was extremely helpful with selecting menu items and catering to my friends vegan needs. As I am very far from being vegan, our waiter put all of the sauces and cheeses that came with our selections on the side. 
The farm to table food was definitely fresh, and the food combinations were unique and flavorful. The plates are smaller and shareable, which I love so you can try a number of different menu items. I would highly recommend the crispy beets, the sweet potatoes, and the brussel sprouts.Unfortunately had a food allergy incident at heritage. I sat at the bar and had informed the bartender of my nut allergy. The food was great, but unfortunately a nut must have slipped on to the chef board. There were "bread crumbs" over a grilled romain that must have had a small piece of walnut mixed in. The manager was extremely apologetic when I informed her and promised to be more careful in the future.Love the vibe of this place. Their Sloop John B drink is my favorite. Only ordered food once, and it was dessert, which was really mediocre.Really great live music on Friday night. Has about 40 beers on tap! Great ambiance and very spacious! Fun place to hang out with friends or go for date night!Like 40 beers on draft. Live jazz.  Those two elements are automatic five-star.  Not because they have them and do them, but because they do them very well.  
Related to the Time bar in Center City, with some similarities. highly recommend.Been here a ton.  
The floor plan is a weakness, but I dont know shit about interior architecture.  
Great date spot.  Perfect volume level.  
Bartenders are top pros.  Food is different.Came here for girl night and we had so much fun hearing the live jazz! The place was very well decorative, and love the designs they made to put the place together. The food was seasoned well, we ended up getting egg noodle, beef tartar and vegetable plates. Although it was a bit overpriced for the portion it was really good and was worth the trip! I was never a huge fan of veggies but how they cooked it was perfect and I enjoyed tasting each veggies. Egg noodle is a must when you go there, it's used with mushroom sauce and I love mushrooms so this was perfect dish for me. The beef tartar was also very well seasoned and was a good starter to order. Overall it was a fun, cute restaurant.First time at Heritage & was really excited - went for my partner's birthday. Upon checking in & arriving promptly on time for our reservation with the hostess, she informed us that our table was not ready yet... and wouldn't be for another 20-25 minutes. 30 minutes later, our table was cleared & ready to go. A little disappointing to begin with. Our table required one of our backs to be faced toward the musicians the entire time, which again, a little disappointing. 
The foods was okay - definitely not impressing. We only ordered vegetarian things so hard to say what the meat-based menu was like. 
My recommendation & what I would do in the future would be to come during a happy hour, order drinks only, & sit at the bar, where you would have a clear view of the performances for the evening.Heritage would be what I want my restaurant to be if I were to open one.  Live music, dressy casual atmosphere and great food.  I came here for a friend's 30th birthday and was kinda mad that it took me so long to find this delightful place.  The staff there are attentive and kind and never lost their cool even when waiting on a table of 20 of us.  They planned a menu and everything for her which I thought was nice.  They also had an expansive bar and MANY taps with a lot to choose from.  Everything I had there was delicious, and I can't wait to go back again soon! DO NOT MISS THIS NO LIBS GEM!OK, to be fair we went on Valentine's Day, and everyone knows that you should never judge a restaurant on a holiday, when they are pushed beyond their limits.  Still, given the reviews here - and my brother's glowing opinion from a recent visit - we were very disappointed.  Pluses: terrific jazz group, Joe Breidenstine Trio.  Very good craft beer selection and good, strong mixed drinks.  And, in general, the atmosphere is pleasant, with natural wood patina and medium low light.  The stage was too brightly lit...I would put spot lights just on the performers. Too much back wall.  And, note to owners, put the name of the restaurant on the back wall...free advertising for photos of the band.  Servers were capable and pleasant.  Kind of a hipster crowd.  Now, the food.  Small servings were good for sharing.  The mussels were just fine.  As was the Country Terrine with pickles, mustard aioli, herb salad and house made bread.  Both capably made and presented.  The Vegetable Board was almost inedible.  Almost all root vegetables - carrots, beets, rutabaga, slaw, sweet potato. All hut the slaw were sauteed or otherwise heated, and all seemed just barely warmed...from raw.  The crucial conversion from starchy to sugary brown goodness - the Maillard reaction - never happened.  All the veggies were tasteless and crunchy and left a dry taste in our mouths.  Might try it again on a slower day.  This is a serious kitchen, but it was pushed to its limits last night.I went to heritage for the third time this past Sunday for brunch.  The awesome ambiance keeps me coming back.
The food is awesome; a creative selection served by friendly staff.  I have tried the frittata, dutch baby and the flap jacks, and they are all nothing sort of excellent.  Great brunch specials, including $4 mimosas until 3:45.  Definitely a place you can park it for a while with some friends.
The music is an eclectic mix of blue grass and country,  They feature a rotation of local artists and really make it unique.  It reminds me of the bars in Nashville.I was here again last month and the menu is still stupid.  There were only 3 people sitting at tables the whole 2 hours I stayed.  The service, music, and ambience are good, tho.  Be sure to eat somewhere else!I knew it was a good sign when my fellow Lyft Line rider announced that Heritage is "sooo good, and I'd really enjoy it" as the car pulled up to drop me off. She was right!
It was the final day of Philly Beer Week and I finally decided to "trek up" to Northern Liberties to check out the restaurant. Why? Pie beers. Cape May Brewing was having a big pie off event with ridiculous beers of all flavors. Blueberry Cobbler? Check. Strawberry Rhubarb? Mhm. Veggie Pot Pie? Yep. Obviously I had to go. It was a requirement.
Michelle P. and I arrived on the earlier side of the event -- just in time for brunch -- and sat at the bar. It's a long wooden bar with plenty of seats (and seatbacks, yay). On nice days, they have the doors open and it's quite the airy spot. Some of the seats were getting direct sunlight, though, and I'm glad we didn't sit there. Much cooler in the shade.
Service at the bar was seriously on point and super friendly. We never had to wait for a beer when ours were running low. They also filled our waters often. And it was nice to chat with the beer reps on site too, while we waited for our food.
I got the traditional breakfast plate with scrambled eggs. The bacon alone was worth the price. It was so thick and wonderful and everything that's right in the world. But the eggs and potatoes were good too. A bit non-traditional, with scallions I believe.
Once that was all eaten, I decided I wanted cheese. [I'd like to believe that's a normal decision post-brunch.] So I ordered the pimento cheese, which I also enjoyed, and somehow managed to go well with the beers.
Once we settled up, we opted not to compete in the pie (whipped cream) eating contest, and instead took more photos with the HOG (PBW's mascot), which was a nice end to our relaxed time at the restaurant.
I'd definitely like to return, perhaps for dinner, to see what it's like on a non-event day. But I'm sure it's just as great.We went here on a whim because it looked like a fun place.  With that, I will give it 2 stars for excellent beer selection and cool atmosphere.  
However, the food was SO overpriced-- for both the quantity and the taste.  We ordered:
Pig Head- okay, not great
Cauliflower- bland, boring and nothing special AT ALL
Chicken Croquette- these were like deconstructed buffalo wings and that was a surprise.  Not great but definitely interesting
Sweet potatoes- fingerling and overall disappointing
Brisket- Over cooked, fatty and-- again-- bland
Rabbit sausage- eh.
Overall,  grab a drink, hang out and then go somewhere else to eat.  Hopefully as they warm up to the area they will liven up the menu.  The live band was really cool too!The food was amazing.  Great vibe and location.  Would definitely recommend and go back again soon.Come for the: Live Jazz (every night! and brunch). 
Stay for the: Vibes- Seating that's not too close for comfort or loud conversations, has lots of seating, great pseudo outdoor ambiance (the garage door style lets in a nice breeze- bring a sweater, the plants inside and high ceiling make you feel like you're outside, and then there's also and actual outdoor seating if you want-but might miss out on the music), low light, kinda hipster, but not too hipster to bring your parents for Mother's Day (it'll make them feel hip).
Watch out for the: Prices (small plates add up fast!) Dinner for 3 with only 2/3 of us having one beer cracked $50 each.
Drink the: Good selection of drinks- beers (including, a cider and a sour), wines by the glass or bottle (bottles starting at around 50), and some fun looking cocktails.
Feel thrifty with the: OpenTable Points and Vegetable or Chef Boards ($25 for a smorgasborg of surprises). Although remember surprises can be a letdown. We liked the a la carte dishes better than the board, although the board was definitely a good value, with oysters, fish, gnocchi, sausage, and grilled romaine (it changes depending on the chef's mood).
Recommend the: Burrata with ramps and Rabbit Sausage (smaller portion was plenty)! 
Had a great dinner here and I was really jazzed that my parents liked it so much. The service was great and we appreciated the server's honest opinion reining us in when we over-ordered. Would definitely return with friends, a date, and will keep in mind for large groups and the summer!I went here with my friends and the waitress was very friendly. The atmosphere was very welcoming and we had a great time.  We had drinks and food and we felt welcomed and enjoyed the food and drinks. Would definitely recommend.We were very excited to eat here, the ambiance looked great, and so did the beer list. HOWEVER, the food that continued to come out was awful. The sweet potatoes tasted like kerosine from the grill, and I mean it tasted like I ate a bucket of pure kerosine. The 13$ squid couldn't feed a toddler (extremely small portions) and was terrible to boot, and the kale was most definitely spinach. Lastly, the brisket was over cooked and extremely tough to eat/chew. On top of it all, our waitress had no idea what was on the menu and made poor recommendations and explanations of the food. We ended up paying $60 and going across the street to eat dinner at another restaurant. This was a huge let down, I can only help that they get it together or this place won't last.I come here all the time and while I'm glad it never gets too crowded I am amazed. Food is very good (a little more expensive compared to its neighbors) but they value is great because live music 7 days a week! Wonderful ambiance!This restaurant is FABULOUS.  From the decor to the beer selection- the bartenders and the hostesses- everything is wonderful.
My likes:
Terrarium-esque decor
Chandeliers made from brass instruments
Friendly Staff
Matches at the front
Intriguing Menu
Fabulous beer selection
Inviting facade
Dislikes:
The shared restroom
Please note that I do not typically go here to eat- but for the beer.  This establishment has knowledgable and personable bartenders and a wonderful selection of draft beer.  The bar is long and the bar stools are comfortable and inviting.  I will recommend this to anyone visiting Philadelphia.I've had brunch at Heritage twice now, and have really enjoyed it both times. 
On my first trip, I had the biscuits and gravy, which is always one of my favorite comfort foods and I'm happy to see it on any menu. On my second trip, I had the pulled pork hash, which was delicious! The meat was full of flavor and the potatoes were perfectly crispy. 
They do $4 mimosas and $5 Bloody Marys during brunch hours, which is awesome. Service has been great both times, and the place itself has a nice atmosphere with trendy industrial decor and a ton of plants. 
I'll definitely be back!Had a great time at Heritage. We and another couple wanted some music with dinner and decided on Heritage. Warm night so garage door was closed thankfully. Seated right on time. Wait staff is both attractive and very professional. Our server quickly went over the menu (I say quickly which was good - don't like wait staff that thinks we can't read). Drinks ordered and she came back in timely matter to take order. Everyone enjoyed their meals - rabbit sausage   Duck confit    Pork and mussels    Oysters    Beet salad. 
No rush service,  wait staff excellent and music was perfect. All in all nice night out.Food is great! Cocktail rocks! Love Summer Breeze ! Music was a little bit loud but love the food there!   Had a great time!Poor service, late food, lack luster music performance. Overall disappointed with Mother's Day brunch. Second time here, don't waste your time.Found a great parking spot- lucky! We had the option of outside seating - perfect weather. We were advised by a friend to have several appetizers and skip the entrees. Bread with a garlic butter was brought to the table.We ordered the small vegetable board. An interesting array of  vegetables, grilled asparagus, smoked potatoes, green beans, mushrooms and another green with delicious unique flavors. We also ordered chicken croquets (3)..very good. We had 2 drinks each and ordered desert- a peanut butter chocolate cookie sandwich...it was amazing!!! Had a press decaf coffee.  Very cool jazz playing and the huge garage door was open to the street. Our waitress, Liz, was adorable and very knowledgeable about the menu and the seasonal dishes. I highly recommend trying HeritageEnjoyed a lovely local meal at Heritage recently, including a unique, tasty cocktail called "Nothing But Flowers..."  Perfect for Mother's Day!  FiddleHead Ferns, Kunik Cheese and a Small Vegetable Board left just enough room for a shared Ice Cream Sandwich.  Share everything here - you're going to want to taste every delicious dish.  High ceilings and lots of wood, and a stage - where a small jazz band played during dinner.  An enormous menu of beers hangs behind the stage, reminding you of all the tasty craft brews that are available.  A great new addition to the Philly dining scene...My party had just come from vintage wine bar (same owners) where we were ignored by the bartender for 10 minutes before she took our drink order. We had one drink there and then went to heritage before a holiday party we were attending for work. The kitchen was backed up which I get it. It happens I'm in the industry, it gets rough. We ordered the mushrooms, sweet potatoes and kunik cheese. The cheese never came out, the sweet potatoes were not seasoned (no salt on tables or else I wouldn't have commented on it), and after having an in depth conversation with our server about me having celiac they garnished the mushrooms with fried parsnip (I can't have anything out of a contaminated fryer). Now I get that the kitchen was under staffed but the last time we saw our server was when he took our food order and again when we asked for the check and made him aware we never got the cheese and asked him to make sure it wasn't on the check. We enjoyed the jazz band and our server was really nice. Must have just been an off night for them.wow what a gem in north libs! fantastic addition to the philly dining scene. 
my bf and i had a wonderful experience here! the atmosphere of the music, the garden and the modern rustic decor.. heritage carries a very unique charm! maybe this is just me, but i thought i was dining in LA again.. a very west coast vibe. lol 
the food was great!  i had my doubts seeing some of the reviews so we didn't go too adventurous with our choices.
we had the:
( smoked baby potatoes with garlic aioli served with shredded scallions )
i believe the potatoes were fried.. and smoked! it carried a very thick aroma to it and the aioli was definitely necessary.  though, the hint of garlic was faint-- i liked the scallions on top, but wished they chopped it up in fine bits and sprinkled it all over rather than the couple strands to garnish.  the portion is generous and great for sharing!
( duck sausage with egg )
this was my first duck sausage! and i loved it! it was served with grind pepper and something else.. the sausage is very well seasoned and so full of flavor.  it wasn't dry at all and the peppery kick really nailed the dish!
( the brisket )
another great choice if you enjoy the smokey/bbq plates.  it's served with their bbq sauce and some cold slaw.  overall, i really enjoyed it.  the meat was very tender but it didn't feel like your typical brisket--- it actually reminded me of canadian bacon where the meat looks like it was glazed. lol 
( mushroom egg noodles )
looks like this was one of the most popular dishes at heritage so we also got it to try.  i was expecting some kind of chinese fusion dish from the name "egg noodle" lol but it was much more similar to a wild mushroom pappardelle dish.  i love mushrooms so naturally this sparked fireworks in me~ super savory with so much mushroom! lol the only thing i can say is that it could use less salt... maybe that was just me.. the sauce was thick and the noodle was slippery so the sauce didn't really catch on... mayb if they switch to like ragatoni or rotini where the pasta will catch more sauce more evenly then it will be a better mixture.  overall, it was delicious!
definitely worth a visit!! perfect for date night and i plan on bringing my ladies here to catch up on GNO :) heritage is here to stay!Great spot to grab a drink. Well lit and live music. 
Check it out!