The pastrami here is awesome!!! Probably among the best I've had. The kasha and bowties were not good. Slimy and not enough kasha. Line gets long here. I would recommend for the pastrami.Visiting Philly and looked for places to get a good sandwich. Saw this place on Yelp and we decided to give it a shot. I'll tell you this much: that's a dang good Reuben sandwich I just had at Hershel's. Would recommend this place to anyone who can appreciate the fine art of delicatessens.Our first day in Philadelphia we were walking around and got pretty hungry.  I was in the mood for a sandwich and we looked up the best deli spots in PA and this place came up.  It was a bit of a walk and we ended up at a super crowded public market.   The line was kind of long for this spot but went by quickly.  We decided on a Rachel style pastrami and corned beef and split those. Omg! The pastrami was awesome!!!!! I'm still thinking about it.  It was huge and loaded and juicy, well seasoned!I don't get into Philly as much as I used to, but whenever I am near the Reading Terminal Market I stop in.  Even though there are many food options, I find my way to Hershels for their corned beef brisket sandwich.  The meat is hand sliced and always melts in your mouth.
The number of Jewish deli's have been on the decline and it gets harder and harder to find a good sandwich.  Too many 'delis' buy corned beef top round or the flat part of corned beef brisket which are lean but without the flavor that the top deckel adds.
If your eyes are bigger than your stomach, go for the 1/2 sandwich.
The counter help is always friendly and efficient.
Like every food place at the Market, lunch times are jammed, so if you can get there after 2, waiting on line or for a table is easy.Just had the best chocolate egg cream in Philadelphia !   Hershel's Deli in Reading Market !  Ask for Madeline though - to make sure you get the very best !What a deli should be. Had the pastrami  Reuben with mustard instead of Russian and a new York dog with cheese, kraut, and mustard. Amazing. Would recommend it to anyone. A definate place to eat at in PhillyI am from San Diego and travel to Philadelphia frequently. I love the Reading Market and recently discovered Hershels.  All that I can say I'd "WOW"!! I have never had a sandwich as great as this one.  Do yourself a favor and make Hershels a must when you hit Reading MarketSo when in Philly have a cheese stake, we did, but not here. We got the corned beef and it was pretty bomb. The meat was juicy and mustard complimented. I think there was cheese on it, whether it was there or not it was a good sandwich. I split it with my boyfriend and half was enough for me, they give you so much meat I was full afterwards. It is a bit pricey $10 I think for the sandwich but I get it. It's a good quality sandwich, it's a definite must have/try. Get one!Interesting enough,if your going through Reading Terminal,you may want to take a stop at Hershel's Eastside restaurant. They will dazzle you with an assortment of fresh cut meat,affecting you with it's aroma, while you watch its succulent juices flow with each stroke of the knife. As I receive my meal,with respect,and politeness,I was a little disappointed when me and my fiance took a bite of there meats. The meal was dry, it lack flavor, and oddly there didn't seem to be any sauce present,to revive this meal. All in all, if your a sandwich lover,this may be a place for you to go.I am so very torn with this review.  I had a hot pastrami sandwich there last week and I dare say it was better than Famous 4th.  It was tender, juicy and delicious.  A bit greasy but delicious.  So good that I was craving it and had to go back again.
So, I went  today and got the very same thing.  The slices of pastrami were way too thick that I couldn't even bite through it.  Terribly disappointed this time.  I ended up chucking my sandwich after the first bite.  I'll go back again but not for pastrami.  I'll stick to Famous 4th for that one.Great pastrami!! I went here as a recommendation from a coworker and it was fantastic. They're in the middle of the market with ample seating and are easy to find. The young man who served us was very knowledgeable about their menu and gave us good suggestions.  Our sandwich was amazing and as my boyfriend and I were splitting it they were kind enough to place both halves on their own plate and give us each our own pickle. What more could I ask for?Simple, fun, informal, good. This is NOT fine dining, and we loved it.
We stayed at a nearby hotel and wanted to try Reading Terminal Market for our late breakfast after a late night of election returns. Even though we both are trying to avoid grains and watch our diets, we opted for the Hershel's and the classic bagel-lox-cream cheese-tomato-onion sandwich. We are not meat eaters, the meat sandwiches looked great.
Very informal: order from the guy preparing food, go down to the other end to pay and get coffee. We are decaf drinkers, they only have caffeinated, so they sent us (my wife went) around the corner to a coffee purveyor. By the time she returned, our sandwiches were ready.
Lox piled high and very fresh. Bagels toasted to perfection. I inhaled mine, totally delicious.
Picnic tables with chairs nearby were convenient and luckily not crowded; I've been to RTM during lunch hour and it's nuts, forget finding a table anywhere. Our table was dirty from previous occupants. When I asked for a wet rag, I was pointed to a container of sani-wipes, pre-moistened, and I quickly cleaned off the table and chair. No problem.
I will definitely return to RTM and to Hershel's.Foodgasm (Urban Dictionary)- "Eyes rolling back in head and moaning while possibly shouting "this is so freaking good!!"and taste so overwhelming you have to take breaks between bites to keep from shutting your system down."
Now to experience the pure foodgasm just described above, go to the Reading Terminal Market, and stop by Hershel's. Order the reuben sandwich with pastrami AND corned beef, Swiss cheese, sauerkraut, and Russian dressing, grilled between slices of rye bread. The juicy, fatty, tender freshly cut meats compliment perfectly with the flavors of the sauerkraut and delicious dressing. Truly mouthwatering stuff. 
Oh, and add a can of Dr. Brown's black cherry soda and a donut from Beiler's, your life will be forever changed.Due to severe food allergies I am unable to go to many places to eat. I was greeted by the owner and he went over what things on the menu would be free of the things that would trigger a reaction.  My boyfriend and I had turkey sandwiches.  My boyfriend having the coleslaw and Russian dressing on rye, while I had a plain turkey sandwich on a soft sweet bread. The sandwich was excellent,  and thankfully the turkey meat was juicy enough without having to have a sauce. The owner checked on us as we finished eating and asked if I was feeling okay. This level of care is not expected but will not be forgotten.  If you have food allergies and need to know where your food comes from and what's in it, this is a great place to go.Oh my gosh best sammy's ever!!
Good thing I live so far away or it would be a daily stopHershel's is my go to breakfast spot in reading terminal. The bagel and lox is great and is made with high quality quality salmon, although my favorite breakfast sandwich there is the pastrami, egg, & cheese. I personally had never had this combination before but Hershel's does it right with perfectly melted cheese. If there is a long line in front pro tip is to go around the back to the eat up counter.This was my 2nd trip to Philly and the highlight for me was Reading Terminal as I ate just about every meal for 4.5 days there and of those meals my pastrami sandwich at Herschel's was one of my favorites if not thee favorite. I had hoped to there for a 2nd time but simply ran out of meals before heading home.
There is not much one can boast on a sandwich other then it was tasty. The pastrami was sliced a tad more thicker then I've had elsewhere but I preferred it to the norm. If there was one negative is the rye bread was not slightly toasted.
The service was quick as far as an order and go place. I thought the amount of pastrami was good enough for the price
The going out the door or in this case my leaving my chair though I'm not a big deli guy I do love pastrami and wish I could find a sandwich like Herschel's in Dekalb, IL as I was 100% satisfied.Hershel's Reuben special really proved itself worthy to me.  Between them and Katz Delicatessen in Manhattan's LES, I would still choose Katz Deli, but they come at a very close 2nd place.  I got the Reuben special with the brisket, and it was phenomenal.  The portion is definitely very large, and the price is just right.  I did knock one star off since the meat became more dry as I ate each bite, and the last bite was nowhere near as juicy as the first bite that I had.
Nonetheless, an excellent sandwich, and kudos that the employees were so helpful and friendly.  
I went on a Sunday AM around 10:00, and there was no line.  Can't speak for how the crowds increase as the day goes on though.One word, Horrible! Pastrami sandwich was mediocre, matzo ball soup tasted like it was straight out of a can and dumped into a crock (the balls werent soft and it tasted like cardboard, no flavor!). The only thing they couldnt mess up was my Dr Brown's cream soda. There are other choice, steer clear of this food counter at RTM!When I first arrived to Philadelphia my friend brought me to Reading Market & told me I had to try this place! The meats were absolutely delicious! 
I had gotten the corn beef! They give you a large serving & I finished every last bite! I will be back before I leave on!Not a real Jewish deli. Knish is terrible pastrami on rye is mediocre. Mustard is not even that goodI've been coming here for years and I'll be enjoying it for many more.  Hershel's has the best Reuben I've had outside of NYC.  During lunch hours the terminal can get crazy, but don't let the long line detour you away because Hershel's fast working sandwich makers crank them out made to order.   
At the start of the line you're able to see the slabs of well marinated and freshly prepped brisket, turkey, pastrami and corn beef.  The workers will take your order and prepare a beyond generous sized sandwich right in front of you.  I highly recommend splitting it with a friend."You must try Hershel's!". Before stepping into Reading, my friends were already raving about Hershel's and how I must give it a try. 
My friend recommended the Hershel's Special (coleslaw and Russian Dressing) with half pastrami, half brisket. Upon first glance, the sandwich is stuffed with tons of meat. If you're a meat lover, Hershel's will definitely satisfy you. I haven't had pastrami in a long time so I wasn't sure how I was going to like the sandwich. After the first bite, I was in meat heaven. The meats would've been too much for me had it not been for the coleslaw. The meats were tender and easy to eat, no teeth battles with the meat. I'm not sure what the Russian Dressing was, but it was mighty tasty. I would've preferred less dressing though. 
Two halves was definitely too much for me, so this would be a perfect sandwich to share. If you don't have anyone to share with, take the other half home (toast your leftovers, it'll be just as good when you bought it)! With the overwhelming amount of meat used in the sandwich you'll sure be full off of a halve. 
There is some seating available at the counter, but very limited. The lines do get long around lunch so try to get there a bit earlier to beat the rush. 
If I'm ever back at Reading and craving a delicious lunch, I'll be stopping by Hershel's!I went to Herschel's during a busy weekday lunchtime rush while their was a big event being held next door at the Philadelphia Convention Center. That may or may not have played a factor into my meal. 
I'll start by saying that the meats on the Herschel's sandwiches are TOP NOTCH!!! My mother and I each had the pastrami and my father and sister had turkey and a turkey club. The bread for all four sandwiches were basic run-of-the-mill cheaply bought loaves from your corner grocery store. The mustards and spreads were from a similar category, PLAIN! The quality control was lacking as my mother's pastrami was thickly sliced and mine was minced. My father and mother each received two pickles on the side while my sister and I only received one. These aren't huge concerns of mine especially because Reading Terminal Market was extremely crowded and there was a huge line for Herschel's. 
I would definitely return here and recommend it to others. 3.5 stars!It has been a year since my last visit to this fabulous place.  It was just as good as I remember. I had their pastrami and egg sandwich for breakfast and their pastrami grilled with cheese and coleslaw for lunch. It is the best ever. Justin is the best. So friendly and helpful. I can't wait to come back.Our first trip to Philadelphia's Reading Terminal and I have to say we were pleasantly surprised.  The pastrami at Hershel's was excellent and the service was great.  Looking forward to our next visit and will probably try the Ruben with the potato salad and matzo ball soup.Came here on an eating trip into Philadelphia and i was impressed.
The food was good, and the line moved along.   The Ruben was outstanding and the Matzo ball soup was also good.
I would recommend it in the area for some nice delish food!  try it here.Had the best pastrami reuben i have ever had in my life. The meat was so tender and fell right apart. The meat wasnt chewy or stringy. So great, would recommend to anyone going to reading terminal marketWe get breakfast from here, for work on Saturdays.
Awesome egg sandwiches if you are looking for something in the morning hours. I'm a huge breakfast fella, so I always love finding a place with well priced, delicious, and filling sandwiches. The Terminal, and specifically Hershel's has spoiled me to the point were I can't ever settle for some lunch truck eggs again.
That said, there was a Sunday I wound up there in the afternoon, and my Lady and I tried a couple of turkey sandwiches....her's was plain ( she has some pretty severe allergies, so the owner and staff worked with us to make sure everything was safe for her, which is something a lot of places will NOT honestly do for us. ), and I got their recommend mix with the Russian dressing.
We both thoroughly enjoyed our meals, and I am happy to say she had ZERO reactions to anything there. The turkey was moist, fresh....and I was a sucker for the rye bread.
I need to get myself back there and start working my way through the rest of what their menu has to offer!
Highly recommend!Love their sandwiches.  Meat is always freshly cooked and sliced to order. My favorite is the turkey special....Turkey and coleslaw with thousand island dressing on rye. My boyfriend loves the grilled brisket on rye.  Nothing fancy or over extravagant at this place just good, tasteful, simple, quality sandwiches that keep me coming back.Great sandwiches and friendly service!
I came here last Friday w/ a student of mine who'd never been to reading. I wanted him to try DiNic's but they were unfortunately all sold out of their roast pork (this was about 5pm), so I figured we'd try Hershel's instead. I've been to reading at least twenty times but had never been to Hershel's before this past Friday, and I'm so glad that I finally got to try them out! We weren't sure what to get so one of the guys behind the counter gave us each thick slabs of pastrami to taste; I was sold. 
We ended up splitting a pastrami sandwich w/swiss cheese and sauerkraut. They fill the sandwich with layers and layers of meat so even though I was only eating half I had to stuff myself to finish it. The pastrami is delicious and juicy BUT also pretty fatty, so you might not feel amazing when you finish it. 
Definitely get the pastrami and definitely get it with sauerkraut because you need something to cut the flavor/grease of straight meat.If you like reuben's, you have not tried them all until you have one from Hershel's!  The meat (corn beef) is simply so well prepared and delicious and the combination with the fresh toasted bread, cheese, dressing etc.- I can't even find words to explain how god this sandwich was.  
There was a cool option on the menu to have a platter with 3 different meats which I may have to try next time.  There is no comparison to the delightfully prepared sandwich, but I am a meat lover at heart and would love to sample the brisket and pastrami as well.  
Prices were really reasonable too!  When can I justify returning to try more??WOW! Best Pastrami I ever had. I was tempted to get the brisket instead since they brought a fresh one out of the oven right in front of me while in line. the pastrami looked drier and not as juicy. But so glad I picked the Pastrami Reuben--it was juicy, lean, plentiful and flavorful. The sauerkraut and Russian dressing didn't overpower the meat and complemented it very well. 
Try to see if you can get a seat at the counter, otherwise you'll have to wait long. But the wait it well worth it!Best Rueben I've ever had. Hands down. So glad I picked this place to eat. You won't regret it.The pastrami reuben is sooooo delightful.  So much so, that my mouth is watering (Wendy Williams style) as I am planning to head over to Hersel's for lunch this afternoon.  The breakfast sandwiches are also amazing (maybe even more amazing) - strangely, I'm not a fan of egg, but that egg/pastrami combo is something else.  I've also really enjoyed the smoked whitefish sandwich w/ all of the fixins!!!  Some might assess the whitefish salad as a tad salty, but a LITTLE sodium doesn't hurt every now and then...Couldn't resist coming back here on my second visit to Philadelphia.  I tacked on a last star for great consistency in their food.
This time I tried the corned beef special.  A very large amount of meat - but since it's not pastrami, it definitely felt a lot healthier scarfing the whole thing down.  Check out the gf's picture (Annie M.) ...it's the first picture for Hershel's on Yelp that really captures the sandwich in all its glory.This place has damn near ruined me for other delis.  The Herschel's Meat Sampler has been my go-to meal every time I'm in the city.  The staff have never been anything but friendly and awesome, and every friend we've introduced to this place have LOVED whatever they ordered.  If you like pastrami or corned beef, this is ABSOLUTELY a 'Must Try' place!Best NY style sandwiches in Philly, and this is coming from a NY'er.  I find myself in the Terminal market several times a yr and always end up getting a sandwich here.  This time I had the Corned beef reuben style.  Meat was very tender and moist.  Not salty at all, which was a nice surprise considering it is CORNED beef after all.  One slight note, the beef could have been a little less tender if that makes any sense.  I like my beef to still retain some of that resilience when you bite into it.  Makes it a little less like over boiled meat.  And this time they were a little light on the coleslaw,  I'm used to it dripping from my elbows when I'm done.  Otherwise a top notch sammy.Cheap deep fried crap. 
They literally let the pastrami sit in a vat of grease for hours until it soaks it all up. 
I ordered an omelette and some French toast. 
They are so lazy let me tell ya: They DEEP FRY FRENCH TOAST. 
Take a minute to let that soak in. 
FT is deep fried here in a pan of butter.  It tastes awful. 
I honestly considered walking away before the food was done and not paying. I ate half the meal and get sick all day from all the butter in my stomach. 
I shan't be going back.Had the 3 meat plate and hot dog and it was incredible.  There is a lot of competition but I felt Hershel's consistently had larger portions and the price was competitiveI can't believe that I would be getting Jewish deli food in PA when I'm from NYC.  I would have to say that this place makes it just as good if not better than what I get from Katz in NYC.  The meat fresh and flavorful, great texture on the bread, non-stingy portion, bonus points for just the right amount of fat for flavor without having to consult my cardiologist.  
NYC Pricing but you do get quite a lot of food so its good value for what you get.  Also I like the historical market ambiance so extra star there.Forget about DiNic's. Come to Hershel's East Side Deli if you are visiting Reading Terminal Market. The first time I had pastrami sandwich was in New York City at the infamous Katz's Delicatessen, and boy were they good! I can honestly say that Hershel's pastrami and corned beef are comparable to Katz's, but half the price! The sandwich comes with thick slices of meat, cheese of your choice, and Russian dressing! Once they put together the sandwich, it's placed in the Panini press, and voila! There's your perfect corned beef/pastrami sandwich! They also let you sample the meat if you want to try them before making a decision. The only reason why I gave them four stars is because I still feel that Katz's Delicatessen in New York is still slightly better. But if you are in Philly, give this place a try! You will not be disappointed!I have absolutely no idea why people wait 30 minutes to stand in line to get sandwiches to go, when there is about a seven-seat deli on the other side where you can sit and eat your glorious sandwich in peace. I have eaten sandwiches across this great country, but for the price, I don't know if there is a better pastrami sandwich on the East Coast (though I still think the best is the pastrami/corned beef double-whammy at the Onion Roll in Oak Park, IL). Arby's may have the meats, but Hershel's has the breads, sauces, service, charm, ... and meats. Oh, and it's kosher too.You have to get the grilled pastrami Rachel sandwich it is effing amazing I was a little hesitant to pay $13 for a sandwich but wow!!!  It's so tasty and so worth it that I easily cough up the dough for this one lol.  P.s.  this is not lunch meat pastrami this is actual meat it's amazing omgI'm surprised by all the four- and five-star reviews. I didn't think Hershel's was all that great. When I asked local Yelpers about delis before coming to Philly, no one had any recommendations for good places, and I was told NYC and LA have much better delis, so I guess I shouldn't have been surprised that Hershel's didn't meet my standards. 
I got the half sandwich/soup combo with turkey on rye and matzo ball soup. The sandwich was nothing special, and the soup just didn't seem right to me. I've had better matzo ball soup at Jerry's Famous Deli! 
When I ordered an iced tea, I was told it was unsweetened. Um, I should hope so. I didn't think Philly was in the South!I love the pastrami here. It's incredible. We usually opt to eat at the counter and I always get pastrami on rye with mustard. No cheese to get in the way of that sweet, sweet, smoked meat! It's so tender and delicious. I almost cried the one time we went and they were out of pastrami. The corned beef is good, but it's no pastrami! The sandwiches aren't as big as some of the other notable delis I've been to (Stage, Katz, Carnegie, Harold's) but that's ok with me, it's delicious and I don't have to deconstruct it before I eat it. I also love matzo ball soup. I've tried countless recipes to try to make the perfect matzo ball (still trying) and theirs just wasn't great, but the pastrami is enough to get 5 stars out of me!Hit the jackpot on this place and didn't spend an hour in line! Had classic reuben and it was out of this world delicious!  Generous, flavor-packed, and reasonably priced!I was craving a Reuben and happened to walk by this place. The sandwich was huge! I couldn't eat the entire thing. The meat was piled high but was a bit grain-ier then I am used to. The sauerkraut and Russian dressing were not really detectable which disappointed me. I love Deli food and would come back to try a few of the other meals but I wouldn't order this again. Plus...it was expensive...While visiting Philadelphia, I basically made it a point to spend as much time as possible at the Reading Terminal. My hotel was very close, and there was just so many different places to try, I couldn't help but go on multiple occasions. I visited Hershel's for breakfast on first morning there and it was amazing. I got an egg and cheese bagel sandwich with bacon. It was everything that a breakfast sandwich should be! The guys behind the counter were really nice as well. My biggest regret is that I did not visit again for another meal. There were just too many options in the terminal. Oh well. I loved what I got while I was there.I can't believe I have never reviewed Herschel. I get my pastrami fix about once a month. The pastrami and corned beef are unbelievably flavorful and moist. The brisket is not great but maybe that's in comparison to the stars. 
If you're local, I suggest buying the platter to make your own sandwiches at home. I was able to make 2 sandwiches and 3 servings of breakfast hash out of a single $11 meat sampler. I know, I was shocked too. 
It's just really, really good.I've been looking forward to returning to Hershel's since first having a Reuben here in 2007.  This time I had a pastrami Reuben, and I was not disappointed.  The food is great, and the staff is very friendly.  This will be a staple each time we're in Philly.Corned beef sandwich. Get it! Also if you are not a football player, share it with someone. It is HUGE. I had half the sandwich at noon and didn't get hungry till 8PM.Delicious sandwiches piled high with meat. I recommend the Hershel's Special with Pastrami - I get it on Pumpernickel.Located in between perhaps two of the most popular sandwich vendors in Reading Terminal Market (Dinic's and Original Turkey), Hershel's East Side Deli doesn't get full recognition as the go-to place for sandwiches. Well, at least for me, it took me a long time to realize that!
Famous for its corned beef and pastrami, Hershel's is operated by a bunch of young-looking, hat-wearing fellows. Although it may not sound so delicious, Hershel's serve one of the best greasy sandwiches! The pastrami is tender, juicy, and with a slight hint of pink in the middle wrapped around with great seasoning outside.
Recommendations: 
1. Pastrami Special (Not grilled, with russian dressing & cole slaw)
2. Pastrami on Reuben (Hot sandwiches, grilled with russian dressing & sauerkraut in it)
Pros:
1. Perfect coordination between the russian dressing and the meat
2. Takes LevelUp and I believe there's $2 credit for Hershel's! Hooray!
Cons:
1. A bit too pricey for a medium-size sandwich despite its hard work on making them (Usually goes over $10 for a sandwich with small fountain drink. But with the LevelUp credit, you can simply ignore this point)
2. A bit too greasy if you're looking for a light, health meal.
Stuck in between all the "must-go-to" places in Reading Terminal, Hershel's East Side Deli blew me away with some serious stuff. Before I can find better pastrami in town, Hershel's is still considered as one of the best place to grab a quick sandwich!Made the wrong sandwich, corned beef instead of pastrami.  The sandwiches was just meat scraps, no good slices.  The scraps were dry, over cooked and tasteless. Very disappointing. I won't go backIt's a pretty popular place at the Reading Terminal, the place had a bunch of employees and a pretty decent line but I wasn't sold on my sandwich.  
The food:
Hershel's Pastrami on Rye with mustard. I think my expectations may have been a little high since I am used to the great Jewish delis in NYC. The pastrami here missed the mark for me. I thought the pastrami was chewier than I expected and it didn't have that nice velvetiness that I am used to in pastrami. I also felt it had some gristly pieces that were off putting. The rye was standard but the mustard did have a nice pop.5 stars for the Corned Beef Reuben.  3 stars for everything else on the menu such as the matzo ball soup and other extras you can buy to go with the sandwich.  I've never had a bad reuben here.  I always ask for extra kraut and pickes, which they accommodate.   HUGE sandwich.
So, an average of 4 stars.  New York better watch out!I just had the best pastrami, egg, and cheese sandwich of my life.  Okay, it was the first pastrami, egg, and cheese sandwich I've ever had, but if they're even close to what Herschel's had to offer, it might be the start of a life-long relationship.
The eggs were perfectly done, the cheese all creamy and melty, the rye bread was fresh, and the pastrami ... Oh, the pastrami ... I'll dream about it tonight.
If you're going to Reading Terminal Market before 11 AM, this is your breakfast place.Came in for a quick bite and landed on this spot. I ordered the Hershel's Club sandwich where you get a choice of meat and they pile that with lettuce and tomatoes. I opted for the pastrami and that was my first time ever having pastrami so I really can't compare it to any other, but dang.... it was good!!
The pastrami was very tender and a little salty but just right, the bread was a little hard for my taste but over all I was satisfied.  If i'm ever around again, I would definitely come back for seconds.great ambiance... love the look of all the sandwiches made ... so many choices.... went with corned beef... excellent, filling and satisfying. will go again if in philly.This little stand defines what a Reuben should be. 
The corned beef is simply delicious and cooked to perfection.
I make it a point to stop by when in the area, and have turned on quite a few people to this gem of a spot. 
Service is timely, and the portions generous. 
Keep up the good work!Veggiesauruses beware. I ordered a meat-free sandwich, while trying to ignore the massive slab of extremely juicy brisket being carved in front of me. I'm sure it's delicious... it's just not for me. I asked for my sandwich bread toasted, and the guy who was elbow deep in meat juice picked up my bread and plopped it on the toaster- without changing his gloves. It was definitely my order because it was a dead time of the day, and nobody else was in line. I told them I changed my mind and headed out. I realize that I shouldn't have expected much at a deli that specializes in meat, but it just makes me wonder about their food service safety practices in general. :/  Since I did not end up eating my order, I can't comment on taste... so the second star is giving them a little benefit of the doubt.Came here after reading rave reviews on their Pastrami & Corned Beef Reuben and looking at the awesome pics posted by fellow members.  Sadly, I was disappointed.  
The idea is great.  It's one of those ideas that come to the mind like, "Duh, why the hell not?".  From what other people have written, I actually don't doubt their validity, but from the moment I had that first bite, I knew something was off.
The pastrami was lacking spice that it's known for but, perhaps this was because of the corned beef being present.  But it's a Reuben, it's supposed to be there.  The corned beef was dry and grainy in texture.  The flavor was present and acceptable, but I just couldn't get past the texture.  It felt like it had been sitting out then reheated, which wasn't so because I saw them cutting the meat for the construction for my sandwich.  I've had corned beef from Katz's Deli, Carnegie Deli, and here locally, Corned Beef King and I must say that all of them fair much much better than Hershel's, at least for the corned beef.   Next, the proportions were off.  If you're going to load up a massive amounts of meat, please keep it proportional and load me up with more sauerkraut and Russian dressing.  These two items were absent in the wake of Mt. Pastrami and Corned Beef.  
Perhaps it was an off day.  When I'm in the area again, I'll think about giving it another shot.I really like these guys. The size of the sandwich is incredible and the pastrami is delicious. The guys are quick to make your order too. They do not have that weird Philadelphia attitude where they hurry you up unnecessarily when you don't know what you want. I have been back after my first time and will continue to patronize them when in the area.Hershel's is the best food spot in Reading Terminal Market.
Food: my favorite sandwich from this place is the Hershel's special pastrami. It comes piled high with pastrami and other fixings like cole slaw and dressing. Then complete with a thick helping of cheese for an extra 50 cents. The hard part is picking from corned beef, pastrami, turkey or brisket. They're all to die for and I could eat it for breakfast lunch and dinner. 
5/5
Service: the crew behind Hershel's counter is friendly and fast. They must throw around 100s of pounds of meat every day. They are sandwich professionals, masters of the deli sandwich.
5/5
Location: reading terminal is an outstanding setting for this gem. The liveliness and fun around the market is unparalleled. The only down side is finding a place to sit and enjoy your pile of savory goodness.  
5/5
Total: 15/15My husband got the Pastrami, it was so yummy and FYI....it was huge! Definitely enough to share. I had a turkey and same story, the meat was fresh and amazing! So big I couldn't finish it, highly unusual. I would say I'm a big eater. This place is a 5 star plus! I'll be back!I went with a friend in the middle of the week during the lunch hour. It is always necessary to have a plan of attack before you enter the Reading Terminal Market because it will immediately accost with all the options and you will otherwise end up squeezing past crowds in a haze of overwhelming bewilderment and growing hunger.
So we conferred together and decided on the perennial classic pastrami on rye at Hershel's. I asked for it with mustard and she asked for it with mayo and that was more than enough. Any additions to the sandwich, either with coleslaw or Russian dressing, would have just taken away from the quality of the meat. 
They cut it away as they make every sandwich and in thick, generously piled slabs that cling together. It's not overwhelmingly greasy or pure sodium. It tastes like high quality meat and incredibly tender without being mushy. They throw in a pickle spear wrapped in paper.
You can find bigger sandwiches for cheaper elsewhere in the city but the quality of the meat and history of the venue is what makes this stand out and well worth the $12.My friend and I had heard a lot about the pastrami sandwich here. It looked good but we both weren't in the mood for a sandwich. We decided to do the meat sampler plate which turned out to be a great since we were able to try the pastrami as well as 2 other meats. We picked the brisket and corned beef. The pastrami and corned beef were both really tender and had a great flavor. I was afraid the corned beef was going to be too salty but it wasn't. The brisket ended up being our least favorite because we were expecting the kind you get at bbq places where it's cooked differently and covered with a sauce. It was still okay but the other 2 were way better.
The price was reasonable, they gave plenty of meat, and it came with a side. We picked coleslaw which wasn't anything special, but it was a good balance to all the meat we consumed.Just ate here 2 days ago after wanting to for at least 2 years.  I basically ordered half the sandwich as corned beef and the other half as pastrami, yes you can do that !!!  Both with coleslaw and Russian dressing on the top half and brown mustard on the bottom half.  It was actually pretty complicated to tell the guy what I wanted because between top and bottom ... one side and the other, separated corned beef and pastrami, it was apparently open to endless interpretations that I now see are possible ... but I knew what I wanted and eventually the guy building the sandwich did too, haha.  He was VERY accommodating.  Ok, now down to the food taste.  This was the best damn corned beef (pastrami) sandwich I had ever had !!!!!!!  It literally melted in my mouth and when he was cutting it, it cut like butter !!  I've eaten at Carnegies Deli in NY, which was just a ridiculous amount of meat (leftovers for 2 days of lunch worth) and very good, but this tasted even better and so much meat that I couldn't finish it.  I think the fact that I ordered both meats on one sandwich may have inadvertently increased the size, but whose counting.  I ended up liking the corned beef side just slightly better than the pastrami, but both were soooo good.  The flavor of the corned beef was just absolutely perfect; juicy as hell, still warm from being cooked, and just the right amount of flavor and saltiness without being overbearing at all, basically mouth watering good. The pastrami was very similar to the corned beef with a hint of that extra spice, whatever that is.  This place has it down perfect !!! Needless to say, I will be back to this place for sure !!!My first review in Philly! 
Meat and flavor lovers, rejoice. This place serves up loaded sandwiches packed with freshly smoked meats and sauerkraut.
First timers, I would recommend Hershel's Famous Reuben with half pastrami half brisket, just to get the full experience. Sauerkraut and the Russian Dressing make the sandwich, and be sure to ask for it toasted.
It's a pricey sandwich (~$15 for sandwich + coke), but potentially shareable (or solo it, no one's judging). Would definitely recommend but more as a once-in-a-while thing.To die for. I've had some damn good pastrami sandwiches in my life...but, WOW.  The pastrami here just melts in your mouth and the flavor is incredible. There just aren't words...
Ate a lot of cheesesteaks while in town, but I now feel like I wasted calories...I'd replace any of those cheesesteaks for the pastrami sandwich at Herschel's.  And as much as I love the roast pork from Tommy Dinic's...it has nothing on this.  Get one...walk around the city for a few hours.  Then, go back and get another one.  I will be at home in LA dreaming of this place.  Yummmmmm!Best pastrami sandwiches anywhere!!!! Friendly employees; fun bar-stools.I love brisket and Hershel's cooks an exceptional chunk of meat. My issue is the amount of fat that remains when the sandwich order is being prepared. It almost becomes inedible when a quarter of the meat on the finished product is FAT. I had to pick it apart with my fingers to avoid the excess. If you enjoy brisket, just order it LEAN to avoid any disappointment. I learned my lesson and if they don't honor your request just walk away from their counter my friend.Had a  great turkey reuben sandwich and a good spinach knish. Right in the middle of the Readiing Terminal Mkt, it's in a great location too. My only caveat: parking in Center City Philadelphia stinks.Service is terrible! Apologize in advance for not being 22 years old and female! lol sandwich awesome! Get rid of the frat boys behind the counter!!Outstanding !!!  Had pastrami and corned beef on rye along with a salad platter (picked whitefish, egg, and chopped liver) along with a potato knish .... All fantastic !!!
At least 4th Street Deli quality at less than half the price !!!While the standard corned beef Reuben here is great, the Pastrami Reuben is second to none.  Piled high with meat, sauerkraut, swiss cheese, and thousand island dressing, it is grilled to perfection and served with a pickle spear.  Not cheap at just over $11 with a drink, but quality has a price.
The potato knishes are also enormous and outstanding.
Well worth the visit to Reading Terminal Market.This is a good place for some authentic type Jewish deli food. We have the meat platter & matzoh ball soup. All good! Just be careful because the soup is burning hot!This is Kevin who's had gone Herschel long-time best ever sandwich plus a good personThe Hershel special with pastrami truly loves up to the hype. Amazing. Pro tip: sit down in the back and order dine in. Much faster service.