I was really impressed by this simple meal! Really tasty! I got the chicken shawarma bowl, which consisted of perfectly cooked and seasoned dark meat chicken over homemade hummus and tahina. This is not your typical grocery store hummus! Both the chicken and the hummus were very flavorful. The pitas were warm and fluffy. The portion was large and I had enough leftover for lunch the next day. 
The location is good too. It's about a 10 minute walk from 30th St station and the bolt/ megabus stop. I would definitely come back if I'm in the area again.Food was decent but Dizengoff is 10x better. Chicken schwarma was ok but hummus and cold old pita can't compare to Dizengoffs delicious hummus and warm fresh pita. I wont be back.This is a great grab and go place. I live in the building right above it and it's been a great addition to our neighborhood. They are absolutely kosher. I really liked the mushroom hummus. They have seating indoors and outdoors but I usually just take out. The service is very fast and the location is convenient. I'll definitely go back!BEST hummus in the city. Come here if you want real authentic Israeli hummus. The prices are better than reasonable, the staff are extremely friendly and accommodating, and the portions are huge. 
So glad they opened! I'm already looking forward to coming back...Recently came here for lunch with my fiancé- and i have been raving about it to everyone i know since. The two of us frequent Dizengoff once or twice a week and were very excited to try somewhere new. Hey Hummus won us over in taste and price! The portions are generous and the falafel is some of the best I've ever had. Service was fast and polite and their outdoor picnic bench seating is perfect for a sunny afternoon! I got the mushroom hummus with whole wheat pita- HIGHLY recommendpopped in here on a whim when I needed something different and quick.   Service was extra friendly and food was really good.   I got the chicken & hummus bowl which was an ample portion and included a delicious fresh pita.   If you're feeling some fresh, simple mediterranean cuisine, I highly recommend this spot.I recommend everyone eats here! Hey humans is a great restaurant! I ordered Chicken shawarma bowl and it was delicious. Great portions and great service.I have to say I had high hopes that this place would be as good as Maza Taza, but I was little disappointed because it wasn't as good. The cauliflower was good but the serving was very small, especially for the price. The pita was extremely hard, not quite stale but hard to rip, which made eating all of the hummus challenging. The staff were super nice. I just wish they gave bigger servings and things tasted a bit fresher.The hummus was some of the best hummus I've ever had. The bowls are amazing. The Chicken Shawarma was seasoned beautifully. Their pita was also great. May wife had the kabab bowl and couldn't stop raving about it. Service was quick and friendly and restaurant was clean. I highly recommend this restaurantAmazing food, great stuff. One of the best hummus I ever eat. I will definitely comeback to this place!First time here. Had the order of beef hummus and also chicken shawarma. Both were good and tasty - and portion was decent, BUT there's no veggies!! Really? Each is $11 - ya gotta give something more than pita, olives and pickles. The Israeli salad is good for $3, but it should come with the meal!  Any they didn't give what sounds like good hot sauce, although the menu say's it's included. Need to get act together....I was the only customer in the place.By far the best hummus that I've tried. Very creamy. All the dishes goes perfectly well with each other. We ordered the Mesabaha and Chicken Shawarma and it was just perfect.Nice addition to the area! Very friendly staff! I would compare it to dizengoff or hummusology, but with the option of chicken and other protein which was a nice addition! Pita was tasty. They also have ice cream. My only wish would be that they are open later for summer, there are no ice cream places in the area and that would be a nice option! Would recommend for a quick lunch.Ordered the chicken shawarma bowl today. Seems like the portion was much smaller compared to when I ordered over the summers $11 for a bowl with one piece of pita and barely two ounces of chicken? Come on... The final straw was when I found a long piece of hair in the chicken. I'll go to another hummus place next time. Really disappointed.The hummus itself is pretty good, but hey, that's not all that a restaurant ratings are about. 
For one thing, it's definitely overpriced for how little meat/hummus is portioned out for the $11. It costs more to add an extra pita bread, and it's rather necessary because the portions overall aren't very generous. 
The one time I came to visit, it was just around the coldest time of the winter. I came in with a group of four, and we picked this place because we had a coupon for Hey Hummus on restaurant.com but apparently they don't accept restaurant.com. Granted, the owner came to apologize and said that they tried to get their establishment removed from restaurant.com but the website wasn't responsive. Regardless, it was frustrating because we had weathered the cold to make it out here expecting to use the coupon, which was perfectly valid on our end. Since it was so unbearable to keep walking around outside, we determined we need the nourishment and just decided to order food from here anyways. I thought they might try to make up for not taking the coupon (since we literally picked this place because of it) with extra pita or some extra sides, but they still made us pay for ALL of it, including extra pita we requested near the end of our meal because we were still famished. 
Again, I'll say that that hummus itself wasn't bad; I think I liked the mushroom one best actually. And the owners do seem like nice, friendly people. But, we were the only people in the restaurant when we came in and we were the only people there when we left, so I'm not sure how well that bodes for the establishment.I came here since I was too impatient to wait in line for Dizengoff.  
I have to compare it to Dizengoff since it's the only other hummus place I've been to: 
Overall it was okay.  The best thing is that you get a lot of hummus with a good helping of the topping. 
I had the kebab hummus and it was bland in my opinion.  The hummus itself wasn't anything special. I also didn't care for the little cup of pickles on the side compared to the tomato, cucumber salad at Dizengoff.   
But hey, I doesn't hurt to have more hummus eateries in the city.Yum yum Yum!
Was craving for good Hummus for months now! That certainly hit the soot!
Shared 2 with the wife. Both the mushroom and the meatballs were top notch!
Do tour tummy a favor and go there!Awesome hummus, techinah and succulent, well spiced chicken schwarama.  Really great kosher food.  The physical space is small and utilitarian with zero charm. had the weather been better, we would have eaten at the seating outside.  But Hey, with food like this I'll give them a pass on the ambiance.  Woman who helped us was very helpful.Great food and lots of choices. Loved eating at the outdoor tables.  The size of the portions was not huge, so we ordered extra to share.This is a great place for tasty israeli and middle eastern food. Their chicken shwarma is delicious and the food was very fresh and tasty. A great choice for lunch or a light dinner.Hummus was great !! But $14 for a small bowl ? I wish I could post a pic ! I got a mushroom bowl , the only thing it had were mushroom and hummus , I ordered side of cauliflower! Rip off !! Any day would go to dizengoff for the same price !Hey Hummus was really good and the service is great! The pictures of the kebab hummus on the yelp page is a bit deceiving (our portion of kebab was considerably less), but the brisket was a much larger helping, so much better for the price. Overall it was good and we will definitely go back!I bought a restaurant.com certificate for this place and they refused to honor it. The man at the counter stated that they were having issues with the website, but I think it would have been nice not to make that the customer's problem. They should have honored certificates until they are removed from restaurant.com. So disappointingNice full pita, not the kind that falls apart on you. The hummus was extremely tasty and a very generous portion. It was creamy and authentic. Great value, good service. Highly recommend. This is not fine dining, it's just excellent execution of what it is. The little sides were good as well. Managed to get a seat outside, the interior was well done with a couple tables and a little bar type set up. Definitely would go back.I am such a Dizengoff fan that I resisted Hey Hummus for months.
BIG mistake. Their hummus is completely on the same level as Dizengoff PLUS their hot sauce is an awesome kick. You get pickles and olives on the side of the regular hummus bowl and the pita is fluffy and warm. 
Will totally go back and try their other options (including shawarma and Shakshuka!)To be honest, I was hesitant to come here. I have a lot of experience with both hummus and kosher restaurants. Typically I find that kosher food is overpriced, low quality, and accompanied by bad service. With all of the good hummus options in philly I wasn't sure they would be able to match up.
I was pleasantly surprised. I came in on a warm day during lunch. I was the only person in the room not wearing a yarmulke but it didn't bother me. I ordered the shawarma hummus. I was annoyed when it took a while to come out but that is why this place gets four stars and not five.
The price was right and the hummus was on point. When it finally did come out there was plenty of meat in it and it was well seasoned. It was actually kind of spicy but I liked that. It was just surprising. The hummus was creamy and oily and there was plenty of it. I wasn't really hungry for the rest of the day. It was served with pita, olives, and Israeli pickles.
I put the hummus in the pita pocket and devoured it in under ten minutes. I will definitely be back there. Great and authentic kosher hummus at the right price.Very smooth hummus. The hummus by itself it's plain but the chicken schwarma is full of flavor but not to overpowering. The chicken is very tender and juicy. When eaten together with warm pita, it's very good and light. You can have either plain or wheat pitaI stopped here for lunch and had the chicken shawarma w/ wheat pita. The hummus and chicken were tasty, and I'm a sucker for warm bread. No comment on the side of pickles, but I tasted the sauce which was too spicy for me. Overall it was a solid lunch & I'll definitely be back.I love this place.  I love the very short and clear menu.  The food - humus, pita, pickles, cauliflower, meat - everything! - is DELICIOUS, well priced and VERY filling.Just o k. The food lacks salt and very bland. Also I thought it was weird that their pitas were frozen and then placed them in the oven to defrost. Doesn't seem fresh if it's frozen.
Service on the other hand was amazing , very nice.
I don't think I will return and find the food and prices not very attractive.A GEM!!
I stopped at Hey Hummus with my family (parents and three really picky little kids) on our way to the Liberty Bell because our first choice restaurant was closed.  How lucky were we!  The hummus was so delicious, but the tahini was the star of the show!  I wanted to drink it with a straw.  And for my kids who eat nothing - they were kind enough to make scrambled eggs, and to make sure the pan was super clean because my baby has a sesame allergy and hummus is made with sesame.  I'm so glad we stumbled on this place - it really was delicious, and the service was attentive and great.  Plus it's kosher!  Thanks, Hey Hummus!I've been to many hummus shops so I have a good sense for quality. I got the cauliflower hummus and it is well-balanced, not too salty with pickles for acidity and a hot warm pita bread.
Definitely gonna be a regular lunch spot for me.Said open on google open on yelp and I got there after 25 minutes driving hungry in the rain and it was closed. A Professional business should have the correct hours posted it is irresponsible of them to not do so. Also the location is not convenient. Will never come back.Hummus fast food is taking over, and McDonalds sales are down! As Bob would say... times they are a-changin'! Cheers to that! Did you ever think you would see the day??? If Hey Hummus, Dizengoff, Hummusology, and Hummus Grill had a liquor license, I'd raise a toast! 
Honestly I think McDonald's sales are down in the US because of Chipotle and other Mexican inspired food, but in Philly, Hummus is giving every fast food joint a run for their money!!!!! Watch out!
Hey Hummus is the newest addition to the non affiliated un-franchised group of Hummus restaurants popping up all over Philly. Hey Hummus opened a few months ago, in February 2017, and in April became Kosher. I'm not Kosher, nor Jewish but it's a clever angle for them to differentiate from other Hummus restaurants. 
I ate lunch at Hey Hummus with a friend, it was a chilly spring day. The shop is small with mostly window facing bench seating, and a few small tables. I ordered the chicken shawarma, it was heavenly! The Hummus was smooth and creamy, the chicken tender and perfectly seasoned, my favorite part was the giant dollop of tahini in the middle, giving a different texture to the experience. 
The portion size at Hey Hummus is larger than Dizengoff, and I compared prices of their chicken Hummus dish, they are both $11. I didn't weigh it or anything, but if I had to guess I'd say it was 1/4 to 1/3 bigger than the Dizengoff portion. It also comes with a delicious pita. Also Hey Hummus is very generous with the meat on their dishes, it is abundant!!! I loved it so much and ate the whole thing in one sitting, I probably should have saved 1/2 for the next day since I felt stuffed when I left. I think I need to start eating slower.
I also had an apple soft drink from Israel, it was a nice compliment to the lunch, and not too sweet. 
The restaurant owner was there, and was very friendly, and the staff was pleasant. 
So, will it be a Hummus franchise race now? Can Hummus please start buying up McDonalds properties? Maybe you Hummus fast food restaurants can all band together for a country-wide take over? 
I'll be back to Hey Hummus later today to pick up a dinner picnic! Definitely go!!I took my wife for lunch on beautiful and sunny Sunday afternoon. We found Hey hummus restaurant on yelp and I decided to try it. DELICIOUS! the texture great.
I definitely will visit at Hey hummus again.
Highly recommended.Food is pretty darn good; certainly difficult to find better Mediterranean cuisine than this in the region. I've got one go to place but it's outside of Philly!!!
Enjoy!!!Everything is gluten free (except the pita) my favorite words to hear. We ordered the falafel platter and the chicken shawarma. We got a side order of fried which tasted Great with their spicy sauce. Everything was fresh and hot and flavorful. I liked the presentation over the hummus so make sure you are a hummus fan. The fries had a nice amount of salt and I always appreciate when they are fresh out of the fryer. The service was friendly and answered all our questions about gluten.Really delicious kosher food. Falafel is really good and their meat hummus is very yummy! Super nice staff, fairly pricedBest hummus I've ever had!   My favorite is the onion and mushroom one!  I've gone here for lunch about twice a week on average. My colleagues and son loved the food as well!I've had takeout from them several times and the hummus is always outstanding.  But the past two times the portion has been very skimpy. They charge $10 for the hummus with mushrooms and there isn't more than 50 cents worth of hummus in the container. I don't think I will be going back there.Went here tonight first of all guy forgot my drink i had to ask him to bring it, 2nd he got my choice of bread wrong, 3rd he forgot my fries and i just left without even telling him cuz it was such a joke, 4th the beef in the hummus plate was taco bell taco style meat like wtf sucks eating kosher sometimes.Meh. Easier to park versus dizengoffs, place is bigger too. No lines...but I know why. Tried a couple hummus offerings and Israeli salad. Very underwhelmed. Lacked flavor. And very expensive. Not sure it's worth a return trip.Was in the area and searched up a kosher place. Hey Hummus was my first and only choice, had the Falafel with Hummus and a Cold Coke = perfect combo . Tasted amazing and I highly recommend. Sophia was very nice and courteous. 
Sammy A.I've been here twice now and both times have been delicious! They serve you a bowl that is coated in hummus. Then you pick a topping, we went with chicken shawarma, then you get a regular pita or whole wheat pita with it. There's a side of pickled vegetables which I appreciate and a small homemade hot sauce. 
I have to say I recently tried Vert and Naf Naf (I'm a huge fan of their Chicago location), and this place blows them both away. In fact, if Hey Hummus decided to serve a similar green chili hot sauce like Naf Naf, and combined with my normal order from Hey Hummus, then it might be my favorite meal in Philly! C'mon Hey Hummus, do it!
Check this place out! It's understated but quickly becoming my favorite neighborhood  spot.Yum! We have been here on multiple occasions and even done catering for an event at my child's preschool. Finally a meat friendly Kosher restaurant in Center City! And good for takeout. It is delicious and the people that work there are nice and helpful. A great addition to Rittenhouse Square area even if you don't keep Kosher. So good!Best hummus I've had in a while - I think this place beats Dizengoff. I've had their mezbaha, beef, and cauliflower options of hummus - the cauliflower is salty and awesome. Their pita is perfect - spongy and fluffy. I used to live in Israel and this is the closest I've found to the good stuff. This place is also strictly kosher. One star down because their salad isn't great.The best hummus in Philadelphia!!! Staff was so professional and friendly, I'm so happy I found this place, highly recommend if you like hummusI love all these Greek places popping up. My go to is naf naf so that is my benchmark.
This place has hummus bowls their hummus has way more olive oil as Naf Naf's is more dry. Their chicken is really tasty... love the onions. The beef is good too. I like the pine nuts and the presentation was really pretty. You have to pay for the side sale ($3) which is silly when naf naf includes it for free. 
I will admit the hot sauce is probably the hottest hot sauce out there. My mouth was on fire. They could definitely use a mild one for people who don't want to die on their lunch break! 
Overall a solid lunch place. Got pretty busy but not packed like naf naf. Good substitute if you don't have time to wait on line.Went here on a weekday.. the owner was there and he seemed really nice. Checked in on me while I was eating and I thought that was kind of him to do. I ordered the beef hummus.. the beef was SUPER DUPER YUM. The best beef I've ever eaten - so soft, well cooked, just melted in my mouth!!! Only two things (1) the quantity of hummus to beef was overwhelming and too much for a meal by itself (2) it was expensive! With a $2 tip, I paid $15 (no drink included). Not sure I'll go back there (or dizengoff) unless it's for an evening snack to share with a friend.This time I got the Chicken Shawarma, another great homestyle meal from Hey Hummus. Basically, this is a bowl full of hummus with space in the center for tender, juicy, absolutely delicious marinated chicken, onions, and tahini sauce. This is a decent size portion and it's good from the first bite to the last. A great item on the menu. Give it a try!Legit Israeli hummus that is a good value, delicious, and also presented beautifully (and kosher!)I've been here twice now and both times it blew me away!  It's great to have a kosher meat place in Center City, but it's even better when the hummus, pita, and meat are all incredibly delicious.  The beef kabob is by far my favorite.  The meat has the perfect texture and blend of spices.  Also, it's pretty cheap compared to similar places (Dizengoff for instance) and, in my opinion, better.   My only complaint is that one pita is not enough for all the amazing hummus/meat, but that seems to be the case at all similar restaurants.  I highly recommend going here, whether or not you keep kosher.I'll get the unpleasant part out of the way. The price is a bit on the high side for this to be a regular lunch spot. I got the hummus bowl with chicken shwarma, which set me back 11.88. 
Now to the good stuff. The food was great! The hummus was smooth and rich, and very well balanced, flavor wise. The chicken was tender and well seasoned. The lady who checked me out warned me about the hot sauce being really spicy so I approached with caution. Besides being one of the best tasting hot sauces I've had, (although the texture was more paste like than sauce) it wasn't prohibitively hot.
The warm pita was soft and pillowy. It compliments the hummus perfectly.
I balked at the portion, which seemed on the small side, however, they must have consulted withe professional portionologists because it turned out to be just right.
I thoroughly enjoyed my meal and will definitely visit again. I wish they threw in a side of Israeli salad or something like that to make the price seem justified but all in all, a solid meal.Ssshhhh!!! Don't tell anyone this, but Dizengoff has some pretty fierce competition. I walk by this place every day and I've been meaning to try it for a while, but something about the decor just turned me off of it. It looks dark inside from the outside like the place is closed. Today I finally had my chance. A "try a new place" kind of day for me. "Oh, wow, this place has more choices than Dizengoff!" I said to myself. Beef, chicken, fried cauliflower, mushroom, Mesabaha, and, of course, plain. I chose the beef kabob hummus.
I know I said that the pitas at Dizengoff are to die for, but Hey Hummus' pitas are great, too. They're different than Dizengoff's and in a sense... better by a little bit. You could make a really nice sandwich with these pitas and they won't leak ingredients or fall apart. The hummus has the same Skippy smooth peanut butter smoothness as Dizengoff's. The beef kabob meat in my hummus was so tender and flavorful. Just the right amount of oil in the hummus. So good I could crave it every day. The spices in the hummus did not overpower the hummus. It was milder than Dizengoff's and... ummm... errr.... better again. I love you, Dizengoff (and Zahav, too), but Hey Hummus somehow edges past you and I say this with the greatest respect to Chef Solomonov.
I must regroup my thoughts now. Could it be that I have the great fortune to have a great hummus place right in the heart of my own neighborhood? No more walks towards Broad Street to get great hummus? Now, if only the place looked a little brighter from the outside, I'm sure these guys would get a lot more business. It wasn't long ago that the business before this one was... I think... an ice cream place?! I think that place ultimately failed because it, too, looked like it was too dark inside from the outside like the place was closed. Here's hoping Hey Hummus will turn more heads in the future because this place is too good to be kept a secret.