Not many dishes to my liking. I am not saying it's bad. The guy in charge the iron grill thingie just playing his phone not care about anything even though I put the ingredients there for 10Mins. People been nice not calling him, but at least do your job properlyThis Buffet is good for large group of ppl, many selections of foods. Many selections of desserts. Servers are very nice. I would recommend to friends and families.Supreme is a slightly above average Chinese buffet close to home and on the cheap...for $10.99 or $6.99 at lunch time you can gorge yourself on countless rows of Chinese food, American standbys like chicken nuggets, sushi and hibachi. 
Upon entering, patrons are lined up like a herd of cattle to prepay for their food.  I could do without that, but whatever.  Who goes to a Chinese buffet for ambiance and service? No one, that's who.I like coming here, the food is ok and it works perfectly when you like to binge eat like me lol.....it's a good price, but the food is what you'd expect for buffet food....nice staff though.I've been to this place a week after it opened and it was by far the best buffet I've ever been to.  
Then I've went yesterday and I had some other food, and they were great.  Other food was OK, but the thing that bothered me the most was that the food made me full really quickly.  I've only had 3 plates and I was about to throw up from eating more which led me to think that they added some chemical or sedative to the food to make you feel more full.
The place is quite cheap and the service was good however.The staffs are nice .The sushi isnt that good but the hibachi grill is yumm! 
they have the best part of beef to chose.Great buffet for the price 13-14$. Great selection of food. I like the one they cook ur selection of meat and vegies also. Only draw back is a bit far from my home.Buenos como todo buffet mucha comida rica...pero siempre hay que observar que la comida se vea fresca quese note que siempre se esté  cambiando contante mente siempre que vaya a un buffet hay que oservar bienThe place is hugh, and  have a lot of food selections.Compared to other buffets, two things I did not see is snow crab legs and fired crab, which I do not mind, since the price reflect also. only $9.59 dinner per person. The stuff they do very good are  black pepper chicken,general Tso's chicken , fried shrimp, fried cheese wonton, fried sweet  sesame ball, steak fries.  I honestly do not like the shrimp with the ground meat stuffing on it . It tasted weird.  There are too many items to try. certainly will next time.It is just average, the food selection isn't huge, the lunch and deals are very good.
Sushi selection: not too big,
Seafood selection: even smaller
Dessert selection: acceptable 
 I don't recommend going on weekends because they charge you 13 dollars for the same amount of food on weekdays.I've eaten in the dining room once years ago and was surprised to see how much of a selection there was. The food here is ok. When I do eat here it's usually take-out. Honestly, it's nothing fancy; just the regular Chinese restaurant offerings with some hibachi and less than average sushi. If you're hungry for high quality Asian cuisine, you may want to skip this place.Went in with my boyfriend, we were harassed by 3 people and the incompetent staff did nothing. Apparently it has to escalate to a fist fight or death in order for them to get involved. I'm not about to fight someone over fake asian and seafood. They wouldn't even give us our money back because we had already taken plates. Sorry that I ate 3 dollars worth of noodles and took a sip of coke before I had food thrown at my table and my life threatened. The food is the same as other buffets you just have to eat it while potentially surrounded by ex convicts. Words of advice, don't bother going here unless you're ready to fist fight someone. I however, will be not be returning.I recently visited this location on 04/10/13 and had the worst time ever.  The food presentation was nice but the taste was horrible.  I tried something from every station during dinner time and could not eat anything I picked up except for some salted shrimp and asparagus.  The sushi was dried out, the large clams were bad and reheated, the crayfish were rotten inside, the cheese spinach was old and cheese was dry and gritty.  The tilapia and salmon were okay but tasted exactly the same. 
This place was recommended to my daughter so we thought we would enjoy it but lo and behold no we did not.  We even had upset stomachs when we left.  I also watched one of the servers clean 2 tables, the condiments and the chairs with the same barely damp rag.  She did a thorough job but I do not think I want to eat at a place that uses the same rag to clean the seats of every chair at the table(front, back and seats) that she uses to clean my tables.  That made me question the hygiene of the kitchen.  My daughter had 3 pieces of fruit which were hot and tasteless. Orange slice was tasteless, watermelon was hot not cold like it should be and jello was hard as a rock.  We wasted $30.00 and left sick.  Not a good experience for a place that was so busy and recommended by a friend.
We will never go back there again.  We tried to rationalize it by saying it was a weeknight and maybe that the weekend would be better but I am afraid of going back and getting sick again.  Should have complained to the manager but chose to leave before we were stuck in their bathroom.This is my favorite place to just stop by after work for a bite. You can't beat the price and the staff is friendly and attentive. They have a wide variety of dishes. Not only Asian bit also American food and even great choices for the kids. I highly recommend checking it out.I often come here with my students during lunch time. the variety of food items is nice and the food is always hot and ready. I'm sure there's something wrong with this place but every time I come here I'm starving so the hot and ready buffet hits the spot. its not the best tasting food in the world but its far from nasty.They have a huge selection but the quality is very hit or miss. When I went here, it was ranked 2.5 stars. That rating truly suits them. It was very average. The price is reasonable for what you get. The people were professional enough. They didn't go out of their way for you but they weren't rude. IFor a buffet, this is not too bad. Buffet's always have lower quality food, so that is to be expected. My wife loves sushi, so she loves the huge sushi bar they have here. I would recommend Hibachi for the buffet style mealFood is good price is fair expect to have the same food as any other buffet. Its pretty busy in there so at lease you know you getting fresh food.Not sure what we wanted to eat so we stopped at Hibachi.  We've been here several times before so there were no surprises.  The variety of food can't be beat for the price!!
I don't eat much of the prepared dishes but opt for the build your own stir fry section.  The selections are fresh and the cook is always pleasant.
Never had an issue with the service but I'm sure they give out what they get!!
Overall a nice place to dine for the price and variety!!You have to pay ahead. 
The food are not fresh at all. It's Friday night and the food are not fresh. The sushi rice are left out for too long and it got harden. Sweet tea is super sweet, like they poured half a cup of corn syrup in it. 
The oysters were bad and the crabs smell. 
Won't come back againIf you like to eat and enjoy a buffet this is the place for you! I have eaten at a few of their places in the Philly, South Jersey area. And at each there is a enormous selection to choose from. Unlike many buffets I have been to, their food doesn't sit long and is hot and fresh. They have all your typical Chinese food favorites plus a Sushi and Hibachi stations. And for you meat lovers they have several types of chicken along with ham, pork, and roast beef. So if your ever In that mood where you don't know what you feel like eating give them a I'm sure you'll find it here!Im sorry but when I went for lunch brunch today the food was disgusting. They had stale eggrolls and sushi. The beef roast and spareribs did not taste like it was cooked right. I had better food at other buffets but not this one. The waitress must've saw my food that I threw it back up and asked if I was okay with the food. I told her some of the food was bad and stale.It was hard to find something that tasted good...and I'm not that picky. The only thing I liked was the standard crab salad and the coconut deep fried shrimp. Everything else I had tasted very unappetizing, flavorless, greasy, oily or really low quality. The desserts...they were really really...not good, I did kind of enjoy the icing on the coconut cake and the banana pudding stuff, other than that it all tasted flavorless and bad. Even the hibachi station was not great.
We came around dinner time on a Saturday, last time we were there when it just opened on a Sunday morning and I don't remember it being that bad. So maybe it was just an off night!I love this place! Satisfies my need for veriety!  Have been going here for about a year and the food always tastes good... So why the 4 stars? The rug really needs a thorough cleaning... I say it all the time I go there however doesn't stop me from chowing down!Like any other chinese buffet, there are many different dishes to choose from. However, none of them are that good. With hibachi in their name, I thought their hibachi grill station would be decent, but it is worst than other buffets. It is pretty stale. The sushi is perhaps the worst of what they can offer and taste terrible.The food here taste amazing, so much better than other buffet I been to. I come here twice a week. The crawfish here is very tasty, and the soups all taste good, the hot&sour soups here are the best ones I ever had!!!!today was the first time i actually tried this place out and i must say that it was pretty good compared to other places in philly. they had a nice selection of meats, seafood, and as well as the american food.  the sushi was okay.. could be better. price was reasonable. i would come back againGreat time at the buffet with friends and family. They have a great variety of dishes, the servers accommodated us very well, and most importantly everyone had an awesome time! Looking forwards to the next gathering!I came here with two friends on a Saturday. This place has a LOT of food options, which is nice --- my one friend hates Chinese food but managed to go up for seconds and thirds of other things that she liked. I think I even saw pizza there. 
I personally don't like the idea of eating seafood or steak/beef that's sitting out being warmed under a hot buffet light, so I can't vouch for the taste or quality of that stuff, but everything I did eat was fine. Typical Chinese/buffet food --- not AMAZING, but okay for the theme and the all you can eat price. It filled me up really quickly though. I had only finished my second plate and and couldn't eat another thing. I didn't even get to try any of the desserts because I was so unexpectedly full from the food, but my friend really liked the little cakes.
The "waitress" didn't say a word to us except to take our drink orders and looked miserable the entire time, she didn't even look at us when she took our plates away. We weren't sure if we were supposed to give her a tip since we were basically serving ourselves and because the waitress apparently wasn't required to have any further interaction with us after she took our drink orders. My friend who was in charge of the tipping that day (we alternate) refused to give her anything because of her attitude.This is a awesome Chinese buffet I have ever been to its so good the service is excellent & it's a perfect place to go to near bye your homeMy first impression of this buffet was that it looked crowded on a Saturday afternoon, but the food didn't look too fresh.
After I went around and got some food, I confirmed my initial guess - the food is not that fresh.
It also has quite a percentage of fried junk food, rather than authentic Asian food. If you're looking for real Asian food, this is a wrong place.
The sushi looks like it's been on the shelf long also.
The fruit is ok compared to other buffets.
Overall the place looks like it needs more cleaning and more lighting.
I wouldn't go there again.Food quality is ok dont try shrimp n pasta ohhhhhh with the  white sauce i thought it was alfredo sauce but when i  tasted  found out it was mayoooo ughh
Service is okYeah, PASS... Food not bad. Take out is always best. Very busy place. Always packed. Terrible parking. Poor customer service. "Tip not included" sign on every table & waitress stands pretty much in the way as your ready to leave lookin for tips. It's like a speed race to get you in & paid at the front door, then get you to get out after your 2nd plate.Very good buffet for the price and a huge selection which is bigger than a lot of other buffets. The hibachi bar is pretty good but just try to go earlier in the day so food is more fresh. They tend to stop serving so much fresh food near the end of the day especially sushi.This place has seriously gone downhill in the few years since I've been here. You can barely walk on the floors they are so sticky. The sneeze guards are so dirty you can barely see through them, and I was hard pressed to find a clean plate. There were fruit flies everywhere. Most of the food I got was cold. Will not be coming back.There's not much to say about this place.  The food is overall mediocre but that's to be expected at a price point of $10. (What more can you really expect). That being said, there are a few tasty things to will keep you satisfied.  
 Don't go expecting gourmet food and you'll be fine.  This is very standard buffet cuisine.If I could give it no stars I would. Pretty sure Borats village was more civilized without running water. This is by far the worst buffet I have ever barfed up nearly b4 I got home. The fruit was fresh and the Pepsi was banging other than that I would rather drink garbage truck juice through a dirty used drug needle then ever ever go back there.Wow this place is all that and a Bag of CHIPs.
1. Hugh Selection and wonderful service.
2. Right on the money with that Very Low Prices
3. All you can Eat with Drinks and Great for Families
4. Fresh Fruit and deserts that will knock your socks Off.
5. Free Parking and Very nice LocationThis place gave me food poisoning I went on a Saturday and the next day was Easter Sunday I couldn't enjoy my sisters bbq, that night I was in the toilet the next day I had to call out of work. I was still hurting. I told my husband never again buffets in general.First let me say that we have been coming to this restaurant for several years. We have  always gotten great food and service. We used to live less than a mile from this location, now we live in Montgomery County and travel 20 miles to go here. We used to go here twice a week when we lived closer now we only go once a week. Tonight I took my wife and daughter to the buffet for dinner. Unfortunately, we did not get to enjoy our dinner tonight, as while we were having sushi, my daughter thought that she had a piece of paper stuck to the outside bottom of her cup of water. To our horror we discovered that it was someones fortune from a cookie, inside the bottom of her glass. She had drank over half the glass at this point. Upon seeing this my daughter got sick to her stomach and went to the bathroom, where she proceeded to throw up everything she had eaten. My wife followed to help. I asked for the manager and waited for 10 minutes but he never came. I went to the front desk to ask for the manager and found him sitting on his ass behind the counter watching something on his phone with ear buds in. When I explained the situation and asked for a refund since my daughter threw up he food and my wife could not eat anything either and I had lost my appetite he refused. he said that he would refund my daughters but not ours. That it only affected her and not us. When I asked for my receipt back he refused to give it to me saying it was his. We actually had to call the police to get our receipts so I would be able to dispute the charges with my cc company. I spoke to the cc company and they were very understanding and said that they would be happy to dispute the charges and pull the money back. All this incredibly rude person would have had to do was give me my receipt or comp the meal for the disgusting water problem and it would have been over. Instead he came outside and game me more grief before the cops showed up. Even the police asked for my receipt and he refused. Another case of people in a customer service industry that do not care about their customers. My family and I will be finding a new place to go from now on. They have lost us and the rest of our family and friends as customers. So they would rather lose more than 30 loyal customers, than to fix one small issue. Go there if you want to have a manager treat you like he is the King of all of Philly and you have to kiss his feet. You are wrong and only he is right.Check your bank statements!! My card number was copied and used to make gift cards!  Be leery of using your credit card here!My kids like this place, but it's been about 2 years since we came here. We were out and about, they got hungry, so I decided to take them out today as a 'treat.' It's not a treat for me to come here, believe me. The food is consistently terrible, and the place is filthy. Well, today's trip really took a turn after we finished eating. I have three kids, so I'm collecting myself and I barely got up from my seat when our waitress (a term that hardly applies, since it's a buffet, and we only had water), got in my face and said, "The service was good?" with like this aggressive air. I was taken aback, and then after a second or two, I realized she probably thought I was going to stiff her on the tip. I backed away from her, because she was basically an inch away from my face, and I said, "I thought I put it (the tip) on my card at the front?" I honestly couldn't remember how it was done, because you pay when you sit down, and I thought they'd have to run my card again for the tip. Then another waitress comes over to shake me down. Meanwhile, I have my toddler son pulling at me, and there's like two hundred people in this fucking hellhole, and I'm just trying to make sure he doesn't run off. Basically the two of them block me and they said, write it (the tip) on your receipt. OK. So I put my son back in the high chair, fish through my wallet for the receipt. I said, you know what, I'll just do it at the front. Oh no. Miss Waitress pulls out a pen. I said, oh no, if that's how it's going to be, I have a fucking pen. I sit down, and this bitch *is now looking over my shoulder to see what I write down.* I was hot now. I am not proud to say I threw the receipt on the table, but I was so embarrassed and frustrated, that I did. But it wasn't over. Even though it is a customer receipt and there is no signature line, she says, you sign it. I said, there's nowhere to sign it! You already have my card. Then the second waitress comes back. I sign the receipt and walk out. Halfway to my car, I marched back in with all of my kids and did complain. I'm sure it didn't make one hell of a difference but at least I showed my children that you shouldn't allow anyone to treat you like a fucking animal. OH AND BY THE WAY I tipped this person 20% after all of that.Dirty , dirty , DIRTY restaurant!!!! Stained carpet, ceiling and walls . And the service is horrible !!!!! The food is either old and dry or tasteless and unseasoned . 
If I could give them minus one star I would !!We just finished skiing and it's 8:15 pm
This is horrible.
Old food on heat tray,
No sushi variety.
Hibachi is ok no meat available
Service is bad.The place opens at 11 a.m. for lunch, every single time I go there for lunch, the food is cold.  I don't care about how cheap it is, food poisoning is not worth any price.Think I spotted a mouse run across the floor today! I know my eyes aren't deceiving me.  Second attempt with this buffet. My first experience was okay ..food was hot and tasty. Not the best I've had. Today was a nightmare.. nothing was hot. Had I seen these reviews previously would've never stepped foot in this restaurant. Beware they most definitely have rodents!! Left my half full plate right on the table and walked out.They have the nastiest bathroom I've ever seen. Every time I've gone in, there's been poop in at least one of the toilets. I stopped going, then someone took me yesterday. Sure enough, poop in one of the toilets. I lost my appetite. One time the bathroom was so bad that a woman who came out at the same time as me made a complaint to the hostess. She said, "Honestly, if I didn't already pay, I would leave right now." They must have not learned because it was just as dirty yesterday.I love this place, the food is always fresh, staff is always courteous and not overbearing. I've always been seated quickly and there has always been a good supply of items offered. The price is fair and you can always find a printable coupon online if you want to save a buck. My only criticism is, we held an event in the party room a few months ago. I thought that renting the room meant that we would have it to ourselves to decorate and such as we pleased but I was mistaken. There were two other parties in the same room at the same time which was slightly disappointing but it didn't stop us from enjoying our meal and it didn't seem to phase the children at all. I would highly recommend that anyone visit if you are looking for a good Chinese buffet in the northeast.The first time I ate here I got sick several hours later. Chalking it up to "whatever" I tried it again. The food was below average even for a buffet and then as I'm sitting typing some emails a roach crawls across the table.
This place is disgusting!!!!Just OK for a Chinese Buffet. Not the best, but will do the trick if you need your buffet fix. Don't believe some of the negative reviews concerning health issues here on Yelp. I have eaten here at least 10 times and never had or seen issues. They are generally clean from what I see.  They have a few things here that I find unique and you won't find at other buffets such as the Hibachi Rice, the pork chops, sweet potatoes, baked chicken, various fish and plenty of selections of veggies and fish. Decent sized sushi bar. I really like their hot wings and try their pork roast as a suggestion. I'll be politically correct and say the the clientele that visits this buffet are a little shaky at times, so ladies never leave your bag unattended. You have to pay 1st here so that kind of tells you the customers they get here. Service is hit or miss. The usual adequate typical robot like waitresses you get at these places.  There are better Buffets in Bucks County PA if you feel like schlepping a little. Could be a few bucks cheaper. I can see where some might love this place but for me I only go if I happen to be in the area. A-OK final verdict!BUGS ARE IN THE FOOD. DO NOT EAT HERE. I have been to this place a few times prior to today. Just like people say, the food is meh. Edible but that's it. Today however, when I went to grab some fried noodles for my duck sauce I came across a dark spot on one of the noodles so I put it back and continued to grab some other ones. I kept looking at that noodle and it didn't seem right so I pick it up again and take a closer look at it. IT WAS A ROACH LIKE INSECT COOKED HALF WAY IN THE FRIED NOODLES. YES, A BUG WAS IN THE FOOD. I have eaten at many of places fancy and not fancy and the only thing I've ever found was hair. This is my first time a bug was baked into something. When I asked for a refund the young "manager" (was like 20) said they don't do refunds after you have sat down for 10 mins. They then offered gift cards to eat there. Right, cause that's what I want to do....eat at a place I found bugs baked into the food...again  SO NOT ONLY WILL YOU FIND THE FOOD MEH BUT YOU'LL FIND BUGS AND THEY WON'T GIVE YOU YOUR MONEY BACK. 
STAY AWAY!!!Dirty place it should be closed down from the board of health I went with my husband not wanting to go and I could not believe the dirt the rugs are torn that are around the food area they need to clean the place the windows and glass are dirty Food was not really hot and you wonder how long had it been in the buffet ZiI went at 4:30 and it should of been fresh very pricey also and they rush you I didn't eat anything but white rice and that was over cooked and dry afraid Zi would get sick the entrance is disgusting also I will never go back don't need to get sick Clean up hour place you are making money but are not keeping your place up st all  the place turns my stomach!!!!! I didn't want to give a star but had to on order to post!!!The food here is exactly what you'd expect: Lots of greasy fried Asian and American food. It's set up like most buffets with rows of steam trays and heat lamps. The buffet food itself is okay, theres nothing particularly special about it, but it does the trick. 
They have a station for sashimi and sushi rolls. The sushi was good, but I wish they labeled what's what there. They have a variety to choose from, but without any labels, I'm never really sure what I'm picking up unless it's a specifically obvious-looking type. 
I'm not a big fan of the atmosphere here. The booth chairs are wobbly, the upholstery is torn and the napkin holders have signs fixed to them passive-aggressively telling you not to waste food and telling you to tip. And the wait staff, while friendly, seem to always be hovering and watching you. Not in the attentive way a server who wants to take care of you does, but more like a monitoring you sort of way. Even though you pay at the beginning, the wait staff will bring you a copy of your bill with fortune cookies at the end, presumably for the tip. We were still eating and I put a couple bills on the table and immediately our server swarmed to us and started clearing our plates. So I guess that means we were finished. I struggle between liking the quick-fix of guilt food and disliking the overall vibe and pushy feel of this place.Get your money's worth for a Buffett. Food is okay on its price. But like all Buffett's it really matters what time you come.One word "DISGUSTING" Hair in the food trays. I could go on and on, but need I say more? I hate giving bad reviews. But just thinking back on it makes my stomach hurt!!!!!If you're looking to fill up on mediocre food for 10 bucks then it's all good. But for the same price I could do a lot betterHey y'all, of & on i come here with my parents. Anyway i love Chinese food. I don't like sushi or raw fish. Anyway i was looking at the banner and i didn't realize that they have crabs, and by the looks of it, it looks delicious. I love all seafood. One dish can pretty much fill me up other and sometimes i bring home food for my husband. Other than that i give it 5 star  for having an buffet that has everythingI do not like Chinese buffet food but my husband does so I have gone to many. I gave this place two stars bc the food to me is on the low end. Some of the items I will not even bother with. The place is a little shabby and the crowd is a liittle suspect. The plus about this place is that the service is always good. In addition,  if you live in the any northeast neighborhoods this place will be pretty convenient for you. It always has a good crowd so maybe it's better than I think. You be the judge. Try it out yourself and decide. It's pretty cheap so one time is not a loss.I was expecting Japanese buffet but it was very Chinese.
One of worst sushi I ever had.
They shouldn't used Japanese name at all.
I don't even see the hibachi grill with all the trick and show.
I wouldn't recommend anybody.I came here again, as my husband has never been here before.  Despite my warning, he still wanted to give this place a shot. The place is still dark, dingy, and dirty looking. The food didn't seem fresh, and it didn't look appetizing. THE CARPET THROUGHOUT THE DINING AREA WAS SO STICKY!! My sandals felt like they were being sucked toward the carpet for a kiss with each step. It's like those dingy carpets in old movie theaters that have years of sugary soda spills soaked into every carpet fiber. 
At the end of the meal, I had the pleasure of saying "I told you so", and my husband apologized for wasting money on such a crappy meal.If I could get this no star I would !!!!! There was HUGE f***** roach in my friend's food . Like, enormous ! Then when she requested a refund they act like it was an issue and the damn manager began playing with the bug with a spoon right in front of us. DO NOT EVER EAT HERE !place is disgusting if you don't want waste your money don't come here ... and I found a  cockroachThe price was $7.99 per person as long as none of us wanted a fountain drink. The sushi was good, and the food was decent. The crab Rangoon was still raw and cold on the inside when I bit into it. The variety of food wasn't that great compared to other buffets I have been too. Clams were salty too. Soups were extremely watery. Service was iffy since it was hard for us to flag down a waitress. Sometimes we had two at a time because one didn't know English.
Edit: As we left, I have to make a comment that one of the waitresses is absolutely rude. She made a rude grunt when someone accidentally bumped into her, and then she never said anything "Have a good day" when we were leaving. She just grabbed her tips from our table and left.This place is dirt cheap for lunch. $10 gets you all you could care to eat and a drink with free refills. The food is what you would expect for a buffet, a sea of unhealthy options with a few veggies and fruit items thrown in. They do have hibachi area where a chef chops up and cooks your choices of veggies and meats on the hibachi grill, I've had better, but not for $10. I haven't tried the sushi, but they do have a large selection of offerings.Food was pretty good. Stopped in for lunch on June 11th for lunch. Wanted something from the Mongolian grill. The guy working the grill was very miserable. I asked him to put some garlic, hot peppers and whatever sauces he had back there on it. He completely ignored me. When I picked up the food it has absolutely nothing added to it. I didn't eat it and I told the waitress why. The other buffet food was good and the service was very good.A little weird that I paid before I ate but I actually enjoyed that payment system more. Once I was stuffed and ready to go I didn't have to wait for a waiter or stand in line to pay at the front I just left. They have a huge selection of food and it's all very tasty. Everything I had on my plate tasted fresh and was nice and hot. They also have hibachi if you want anything personal to eat like stir fry. I got full before I could try everything so I'll definitely be coming back for more. Also the dessert selection is nice. It was also clean in there and had a nice music selection. The foods I would recommend are the crabmeat and cheese dish, fried chicken, cheese spinach, cheese wonton, pepper steak, lo mein, and the banana pudding. I hope this helps anyone who really wants to check out this buffet but are being scared away by many bad reviews. I decided to give this place a chance and I'm glad I did. It's bigger than most buffets I've been too in the area and I didn't find anything wrong with my food. The waiters were also attentive and polite. Finally there was no rush like in other buffets where the waiters hint to you that you've been there too long. Okay I'm done  Please please give this place a try if you're looking for a big selection !This chain should be shut down. 
Every one of them is horrible. 
Idk how I get tricked into coming back. 
This is the 3rd time and 3rd location. 
The food is OLD. It's crusty and nasty looking. 
How do you screw up dumplings?!?!?
The asparagus was Cold. It's like they don't care at all. 
DONT GO HERE.Would give zero stars if I could. Walked out before I even took a seat. The staff was incredibly rude and the place was a filthy wreck.Customer service was extremely lacking today!!!  From hostess to ANGRY man on the hibachi grill.  He needs to work only in the back AWAY from customers.  He completely ruined my dinner...by the going back to the Panasion buffet on Rising Sun Avenue!!!!The name leads you to think it is a Japanese place, but it is your better-than-standard Chinese buffet with sushi offerings.
For under $10, you get about 8 rows of food, ranging from salads/cold foods to your General Tso's. There is a Hibachi grill also. There's plenty of seafood options, a dessert bar with many ice cream flavors. The sushi is OK and there are many different kinds. One thing: lettuce in the California rolls? Weird, but fine for this type of buffet.
The space is huge, clean and spacious. There are booths as well. This place would be great for huge parties. 
The food is pretty good, nothing to write home about, but great for the $10 value. 
Probably one of the better Chinese buffets out there.I like this place. The selection is good and the food is fresh. They seem to have more choices than some of the other Chinese buffets that I frequent. My seven year old thinks that Chinese Buffet is the best thing since sliced bread, so we have been eating at a few of them regularly. 
She and I both like this one a lot.DO NOT EAT HERE!!! They failed their most recent health inspection and have made no efforts to fix the problems. This is not their first time failing either. 
http://data.inquirer.com/inspections/philly/?detail=Hibachi%20Grill%20%26%20Supreme%20Buffet|2051%20COTTMAN%20AVE%2019152For $10.99 a person, you really can't beat it.  
8 rows of food.  Then a hibachi station.  Then a sushi bar....THEN AN ICE CREAM STATION!! 
I absolutely love the sushi, I just wish they had labels so I knew what I was eating but if that is my biggest complaint, I think I am good. I loved the hibachi too.  They had like real pieces of meat that you could identify.  They had SO many different types of veggies and things to put in there. Absolutely delicious. 
The food was good too.  Pretty standard for a buffet.  They had a big variety of American food too.  I was surprised by how many carving options they had too.  It was impressive. 
The food was delicious, booths were comfy (except for the people next to me who I swore were kicking the back of my seat on purpose) , drinks were always filled for us before they got even close to empty.  My one problem, which my boyfriend said is common but I never saw before, is that we paid before we even sat down.  I just thought that was weird.  
We will definitely be back again though.Went for the take out only twice I cannot go back. Food I feel and taste is of a lower quality. Very few sushi selection. And the worst part is they make you pay before seating. I'm sorry am I at McDonalds? I know probably a few people ran out before paying but that probably bc of terrible communication between the front and the people who wait the tables. Sorry guys I do not want to be regarded as skipping on the bill. Big turn off for me. Would not recommend to anyone.Typical Chinese buffet that's easy to park and in a convenient location even though it may not seem like it from the front. 
The parking lot in the back is huge. What was attractive about this place was basically the lunch price of 6.99. I mean you can't really go wrong for 7 buck lunch right? 
In any case, I decided to go in and like I said much of the fare is standard, the decor was boring and it felt more like a feeding factory instead of a restaurant where customers come in like cattle and leave in a herd. 
For the most part the food was just ok but a couple of items made me drop a star from my average rating. 
While I wasn't expecting Morimoto or anything, the sushi was so hard that I'm surprised I didn't chip a tooth, get a sneaky suspicion that it was yesterday's sushi even with a sushi chef right in front prepping. I guess unsold sushi gotta get used up somehow. 
Another item that I was really disappointed with was the cantaloupes. The cantaloupe that I had, had a STRONG taste of rubbing alcohol in it. I'm not really sure why it taste like that but it did. The other fruits were fine.This place is disgusting. The food was cold & greasy, the place smells horrible & the customers were rude as hell. The guy who was cooking at the hibachi had a bad cold, because he was coughing & spitting his loogies into a can the whole time he was back there cooking.My boyfriend and I ate here tonight and both thought it was GROSS! If I didn't spit it out, I'm sure I'd still be chewing the hibachi beef because it was so rubbery. The lo mein was dry and flavorless. The general tso chicken was soggy and nasty. The hibachi chicken tasted like what I can only compare to what a stink bomb would taste like. My boyfriend said the sushi had no flavor except for one that had a chunk of pineapple in it. All of the fruit was warm and tasted old. I skipped the green beans the first go round because they looked old and wrinkled but I tried some fresh ones that were just put out my second time up and we both agreed they were the best part of the meal.. kind of sad. Needless to say we won't be going back.  Complete waste of our 28 bucks! -_-I went to this buffet with my family, they have variety of food, sushi, and hibachi, love the crawfish, love the meats, very friendly environment.I'm giving it 5 stars because you really can't beat an all-you-can-eat establishment for $12.95/person (children and seniors get a discount).  Come hungry and come early and don't rush your stay. They tend to "shoo you away" when they think it's time for you to go; don't pay any mind, stay as long as allowable. The place could use a little "sprucing" and the wait staff will benefit from some basic conversational English. A lot of parking in the back!The food is average, my girlfriend said the bathroom was atrocious. The best part believe  it on not was the sushi and staff