Mixed feeling about this place.  If I could, I'd rate it a 3.5, but I went with a 4 rather than a 3 because I think it has one of the best deals in Philly.  $25 all you can eat sushi is unbeatable.  And not only can you order sushi but you can get soups, salads, fried rices or noodles (with meat), or edamame as well.  I ordered a soup, salad, noodles, shrimp skewers, 2 basic sushi rolls, and 2 fancier sushi rolls and only spend $25!  I'm sorry but if you find another place in Philly that can pull that off please let me know.  (I posted a picture of my plate of sushi) Now I'm not going to say it was the best sushi in the world but it was enjoyable and in no way bad.  
And if you're eating that much food you need a drink.  Try the volcano! This enormous bowl of tropical goodness is the perfect way to kick off a night on the town.  It's meant for two, but I'm sure some of you could handle the whole thing on your own.  
If you want hibachi I can't speak to that.  I sampled some of my fiance's but we didn't sit at the hibachi tables so its just not the same.  You will probably need a reservation for that on a weekend.  The rest of the restaurant doesn't get that crowded tho.  
Moral of the story: If you're craving sushi and think you're man enough, get the all you can eat and pig out!  You're literally guaranteed to get you're money's worth.  And why not wash it all down with a volcano.  You'll leave full and happy.Made dinner reservations and was expected to arrive 10 minutes prior to the time that we reserved and we didn't get seated until almost 40 minutes later..I mean granted, it was a around dinner time and they were definitely packed but the wait was just very long even with a reservation and the lobby where you wait was cold and there weren't enough seats for people to sit, there are only two couches that seated 6 people. 
Each grill seated 8 people so we had to share the grill with another party, which is fine but unfortunately we got stuck with a pretty annoying party and that played a major role in my dining experience so depending on how big your party is, you could get stuck with some annoying people who are not mindful of their surroundings at all. 
I occasionally come here and I always get the same entree - New York Strip & Scallops, our cook was great, very nice, funny and did his job well. My only complaint is that everyone had a preference of how cooked they wanted their steak and I think he wasn't as mindful about that because almost every steak was medium well/well done but still good, just a little chewy. The scallops were amazing, a must try! We also got sushi for our appetizer and it was delicious. 
The atmosphere here is great, the view at night is stunning and the people who run the tables are excellent, and food is good just wish we didn't have to wait super long.So much fun for a big party. Gorgeous location (view is best at night). 
The California Rolls are great! The "show" is funny and a great icebreaker when sitting with strangers. No matter how many times I go I always have a good time. The Chefs are all talkative and funny and always have something new to show us. 
The only thing I could complain about is that you dont have much room to place your plates if you are having an appetizer and your salad and your rice has been given to you already. It kinda feels like you must eat quickly in order to have space for your meal.I hadn't been here in years so I was well overdue in visiting again. 
The cooking theatrics are amusing and fun but typical. I wanna see a chef do something other than the onion volcano or tossing food into the top of his chef hat or the egg trick! Let me see them throw the meat up in the air and season it as it's falling...or better yet have two chefs doing tricks together at the stove to increase the difficulty. Something!
Anyway, my starter salad, my order of the house sake, and my bowl of veggie fried rice were excellent. My order of shrimp and veggies were good but the chicken and steak were chewy and a bit overcooked.
This place is huge and the view of the Ben Franklin Bridge is great. I would consider this place a good date idea but not the best idea budget-wise.Visit: 12/31/2009 - 1/1/2010 - New Year's Party
We chose Hibachi Japanese Steak House & Sushi Bar to celebrate New Year's Eve 2009 / New Year's 2010. With that said, this is not a typical review of the restaurant, but the New Year's Eve bash they have each year, as the food was buffet-style and not hibachi (and included more than the typical dinner).
The very reasonably priced $100/person event included sushi roll appetizers, four-hour open bar starting at 8pm, music w/ live DJ, buffet dinner w/ dessert, and champagne at midnight. Even included some free party gear (i.e. noise makers and party hats). [For those unfamiliar with Philadelphia, $100/person is dirt cheap for any special occasion, let alone NYE!]
Located on Penn's Landing, it goes without saying that this restaurant has got a good view. However, it was not as close to the midnight fireworks show as I would have liked (see my photos).
The food was very good in my opinion and selection was also good, with several different sushi roll appetizers, 6-8 or so entrees to choose from and a few different desserts (though mostly cheesecake).
Drink selection was good, with all the normal beers and some Asian imports, a few wines, and most classic mix drinks (though they could not make mojitos since they did not have mint leaves, wtf?). No real room to complain really, as the four-hour open bar was worth the $100 per person cost alone. It was also the main reason I chose this place :). However, the constant line was kind of a pain but this was outweighed by the fact that gratuity was included in the cost (even so, there was a tip jar that I donated to heavily for the first few drinks.. then I got stingy when I realized the wait was the same either way lol).
Ambiance is nice (dimly lit), though nothing fancy.
Service was great and definitely above average. Wait staff was very nice (especially given they were celebrating their New Year's Eve working) and appetizers were kindly offered by servers throughout the beginning hours of the celebration.
For $100 per person given everything that comes with it, this place is an excellent choice for New Year's Eve, but I would recommend it for groups as opposed to a romantic celebration because this is not that.
4.25 / 5 stars as this place was fantastic for NYE's, but only if you intend to go in a group.It's actually pretty far less than average and overpriced. Also customer service is terrible.Sad to say it was average at best.  Wonderful view, and friendly staff were the highlights.   The sushi roll was fresh, however the selection of rolls was very, very basic. I was expecting a better variety, but it was the 101's only.  I would expect a location/view type restaurant to offer a better selection especially with the competition in the city.  Also there was no white/yum yum sauce.  They offer their salad dressing as the option. So your salad is a white sauce salad.  Restaraunt was clean and estetically pleasing, but would never go back as food and choices were nothing special at all.Came here on a whim on a Sunday night around 7:30pm.  We were seated within about 10 minutes of walking in, the other diners at our table were very friendly.  Our drinks were better than I was expecting (long island iced tea and a mai tai) - ~$7/each.  The salad dressing is AMAZING.. they should bottle it and sell it!  
We ordered a sushi app, I think it was the crunchy philadelphia roll, it definitely hit the spot, we nearly licked the plate.
Fried rice was good, but it definitely needed the sauce that they put out for you.  I ordered the shrimp for the hibachi dinner, and it was a HUGE helping, so I was able to take about 10-15 shrimp home.  
I woud definitely suggest this place, the view was really pretty of the Delaware, it's almost entirely glass windows all the way around!I go to the Hibachi Restaurant often in Delaware and decided to go to the one on the waterfront in Philadelphia.   The cleanliness of the Chef was not good.  Fingers/hands were dirty.  Meal was not tasty either.  Try a different Hibachi and leave this one alone.I went here for an event, not a private dinner, so this is a review of their catering capacity more than the regular restaurant. 
Amazing views of the waterfront/Camden. Lovely interior (if only one didn't have to walk by Dave & Busters to get there!). 
The dinner was a buffet, which included salmon that was beyond divine. Excellent service, lovely appetizers too.This by not the greatest Hibachi I'd ever had, but it was pretty good and the view was excellent. Our servers were friendly and semi-attentive.  My biggest issue with this was with the seating management and hostesses. 
We had a reservation for 8 people at 8pm. Six out of 8 of us arrived at 7:50 and the remaining 2 arrived by 8:05pm. We were told our table was not ready so we each ordered a drink and happily waited in the bar area. However, we kept waiting..and waiting.  We asked the hostesses about our table and they just unapologetically waved us away multiple times. By the time they seated us it was 8:43 and things were pretty tense within our group. I particularly was a little upset because I knew I needed to leave at a certain time. I was shocked that we did not receive an apology and that a restaurant would expect you to wait 43 minutes after your reservation time.
We tried to make the best our of our delayed evening and enjoyed dinner. On the way out I asked the hostesses the best way to get a cab, because I noticed on the way in there weren't many outside. Instead of offering to call one or tell us the best place to reach one they made a hitchhikers thumb gesture and laughed at us. One of them slowly asked us if we'd ever heard of Uber. I was pretty put off by their gestures. 
While the food was fine, I felt like the experience with the staff was irritating enough that I won't choose to go back here, especially with all the new amazing restaurants popping up around townAbout 40 minutes after we ordered, the manager came over and said that they had forgotten to put our order in and had just done so.  The fried rice could have come from a mall food court, nothing special at all. The dessert had a piece of plastic in it from the kitchen- at any other restaurant they probably would have split the ($80!!) check with us, or even given us the meal for free (we'd been there two hours, just two of us, by the time we got all of our food and were done.)  but no- they thought they were being generous by offering us 15% off the bill.  
TERRIBLE customer service.How can you go wrong with someone setting your table on fire? The chefs are entertaining, the food is good, and it's pretty quick service, too. There's ample parking in the garage, and it's right next to Dave & Buster's, should you need some after entertaining dinner entertainment. The best part is the view out the window of the water--very pretty at night! Like any Hibachi restaurant, it's a great place to go with a group, or you can just join other couples at a table. I like going here about once a year--it somehow never gets old!When we first started dating, my husband told me he had never been to a Hibachi/Benihana or the Melting Pot. I was shocked! I surprised him with a trip to Hibachi this week and we had a blast. I mean, it is a show and the food is the same at all of the Hibachis I have ever been to, but you have to go at least once. Even if it's just for the ginger dressing on the salad and the shrimp toss.....the Columbus Boulevard location has a beautiful view of the River, too!I was there last night for a banquet. There were people under age so they gave the people over 21 green bracelets, I am over 21 so I had one, the women who mops the floor took my drink from me right out of my hand. as I pleaded with her showing her my bracelet she looked right at me and said I don't care and threw it in the trash. 
They have people who walk around the dance floor mopping up spilled drinks. As the night went on they seemed to be getting tired because they were dragging wet mops behind them as they walked around looking for spills. I unfortunately slipped and fell and bruised my arm really badly. I called today to complain and the manager was less than sympathetic. He defended his employee and her rude behavior and claimed the people with the mops were just drying the spills. Drying... With a wet mop... By dragging them around. 
Shout out to Sharneda. You owe me $7.Came here for a dinner special on Friday July the 3rd and was back July 5th both times with my girlfriend which means I was obviously impressed. They let you share the Hibachi meals which is great because the portions are definitely huge for one person. Ordered the special which came with shrimp salmon and chicken. We didn't want the veggies so instead they gave us exta rice which was super appreciated. The shrimp was not fishy at all super fresh and delicious, the salmon had a sweet taste to it because of the teriyaki sauce flaky on the outside and fell apart like butter. The chicken was amazing as well. The chef as well as the staff is super sweet will make you feel very comfortable and welcome and will accommodate anything you need. Entirely worth it, should have 5 stars. Oh did I mention our check was only 23.00 ? Amazing !Yesterday, I went to Hibachi upon recommendation for the 1st time with 2 other people as part of a birthday celebration. We parked across the street to avoid the $15 parking lot (not Hibachi's fault) and then took the long walk to the elevator, Upon stepping off the elevator into the restaurant, we were a bit confused.  It seemed desolate as no one was there to greet us.  So, we then proceeded to walk further into the restaurant where we saw people were working.  At the time of arrival, it did not seem busy.  Finally, someone greeted us.  We told him we wanted to be served Hibachi style and he asked us to wait 5 minutes to be seated.  
Now, the seating is in a semi circle around the grill. There were 11 seats at our table.  When the host took us to be seated, he sat another couple down in the 1st two seats and then we were to follow in the next 3.  I asked him if we could move down (so we weren't sitting on top of one another) and he told me No we couldn't because he needed to have the remaining seats for more customers.  I understood that and then asked if we could take the 3 seats at the end of the table.  He still told me No, because they seat in order and this is how they do it.  At this point, I was confused.  He was only seating 5 of us at that moment.  And taking the end 3 seats would cause no disruption as any new guests at the table could just take the seats in the middle.  So, after going back and forth for a few moments he finally agreed to let us sit at the end,  For me, that back and forth should have never happened. Ultimately, he brought 5 more customers to the table and it all worked out just fine.  However, I was now turned off, especially when I noticed the table next to ours.  There were 4 people sitting at one end of the table and 2 people sitting at the opposite end, which left the seats in the middle open.  
Our server, Christine (or Christina) was very nice.  We waited for what seemed like a long time before our chef actually came.  When we sat down, there were only 2 chefs working at other stations.  As the night went on more chefs showed up, but it felt like they needed at least 3 when we got there as the chef's like to perform and do tricks with the food.  It can be a whole entertainment experience.  So, if they are going to take much much time entertaining, then I just think more chef's should be working.  Also, the place could use some mood music to me.  If you are going to have guests waiting on chefs, then it would be nice to have a little something in the background.
I ordered the Paradise Punch for a drink, Salmon & Scallops Combo and the Red Dragon Rolls.  As someone who is a bartender, I know how to make a sweet mixed drink.  The drink was a bit on the weaker side.  Also, per the website, it says All Entrees Include Salad, Fried Rice, Vegetables, & 2 Pieces of Shrimp Sampler.  I never did get a shrimp sampler.  Overall, I did enjoy my food though.
In the end, I probably won't go there again.Love the showmanship of the cook. Tried raspberry sake... very nice. Reminded me of cough syrup :)I love eating at Hibachi. The funniest part is when the chef is cooking and when he plays shrimp toss and u have to catch the shrimp in your mouth. I love their rice and their Steak and Shrimp and their chicken and fliet milgon is good too. The salad and the dressing is good too. I love when your looking at the view outside especially since we went there at night we saw the and the lights on the bridge it was sooo cool. It was pretty cool that my friend ate there and she had a good time. :o)We settled on this place after we couldn't think of some place to go after being at Dave & Buster's (which is right next door.) We wandered in on a Saturday night at around 7:30 pm and were seated within about 20 minutes of arriving. 
The place has wonderful views, since it's right on the river. The hibachi section of the restaurant was packed, however, looking at the other sections it was pretty bare minimum, which was surprising. 
We had a good experience at this place. The chef who cooked our meal was nice and funny. The food was what you expect of a hibachi place. I went with 2 other vegetarians and the chef was nice enough to cook their meals first so it wasn't contaminated with the other meat. We also got some sushi rolls from their bar, which were also excellent. 
Overall, if I was in Philly again and wanted hibachi, I would go back.Went in late July '13 and the air conditioner was broken. They did not say anything when we walked in about it and we eventually had to ask after ordering our drinks to see if we can sit in another area of the restaurant that didn't make us break a sweat. The waitress was kind about it, and we decided to stay for the food.
All you can eat sushi: They allow you to pick 4 at a time, but it is all you can eat for $25. Pretty good deal if you think about it! But you can't share with another person who isn't paying for the same deal.
Chicken teriyaki: Love that they give such a hearty amount of chicken AND vegetables. A little salty though.
The view: Our party sat by the window looking out to the Ben Franklin Bridge at night and it was gorgeous! The bridge's lights were on (since it was a weekend) and you can see the boats as they pass along. Loved the view more than anything else.
Unfortunately, the July heat and lack of any notice before we were seated made quite a bit of an impression because we were incredibly uncomfortable eating because it was so hot. Maybe next time it will be a better experience.Meh...nothing overwhelmingly special.
If you've been to one Hibachi place, this place is no different.  It is pretty TIGHT in the seats.  So, if you're claustrophobic, or just wide, you might have some problems fitting at a table.  
The prices?  Not expensive, but not really all that good.  You're mostly paying for the "show".  So, like I said before, if you've seen the Hibachi show before, you're not really seeing much, if anything, new.Went there with few friends, food was cheap (too saucy), fried rice was mostly only rice, the decor is poor, only the entertainment was great (that's why the two stars).
My friends never tasted a real hibachi, so they didn't complain. But their food made my stomach upset, it's like Chinese truck food.
There's no such thing as a good hibachi in Philadelphia.We came here for a Christmas Party with a group of 16. The service was good, and the cook gave us a great show, as he was preparing our slightly 'over-soja-sauced ' meal. The sushi they served was excellent, I truly enjoyed the Spicy Philly Roll!
The only negative of the evening was the entrance some how smelled like one big ashtray, even though it is a non-smoking area.Had not been here in many years, thought to give it a try for a nephews birthday with a party of 10. Tried to make reservation for 6:30 for hibachi grill table, but was told 7:30 was first available. When we arrived ( on time) there were several groups of people waiting in the lobby. We were told the wait to have dinner at the hibachi grill ( the only reason we went) was @ 1 hour. I would have just walked, but my party consisted of several children so we were seated in a dining room. The atmosphere was terrible, the food came out from the kitchen bland and dry. I guess i never realized how bad the food was since i was usually entertained by the hibachi chef. Put this place on your to avoid list.  Also, if you rate the cleanliness of a kitchen by what you CAN see ( dining room / bathrooms, etc). , then this kitchen must be dirty. Go ANYWHERE else!!! I give it negative stars.Terrible experience. I've never waited more than 2 hrs for food at a restaurant before. We had a reservation at 8pm and we were not seated until 9 something. And then the process was not over there we had to wait longer for the food to come out. Terrible service, the hostess and host never minded us during our waiting time either. I would never come here again. We got up and left because it was ridiculous how long they were making us wait, and not once has someone one up to us to apologize for anything and when we were going to leave they gave us an attitude saying "sorry." We were there to celebrate a birthday and we had a bday with us. If we were at another restaurant we would've ate and left at 10:30pm but no,!we left there starving and frustrated with how we were treated.Had sushi at their Sushi bar on an early weekday night. Staff was friendly and ordered basic sushi rolls (California & Spicy Tuna). Wasn't a busy night so food came out quick. The sushi was decent but at night I couldn't appreciate the views of the River that I've heard so much about. Would definitely go back as I believe the hibachi experience would be fun.Took a co-worker here for her goodbye party! I will also be saying goodbye to this place.  Hibachi is a poorly maintained excuse for a hibachi steak house.  The food was dried out and overdone.  The fried rice our chef made was a grease ball, steak was well done cardboard and the scallops were rubbery and rancid tasting.  For the price they charge (and forcing tip) plus having to pay for parking ($15 if you don't spend the coupon you get at D&B) this makes this place a terrible deal all around.  The one thing you do get is an awkward view of randos at your table and a mediocre view of the Ben Franklin.
You're better off getting re-heated food at D&B, at least you can try to win back some dignity in prizes and video games.Good place for sushi buffet. Definitely come hungry. It's $30 so you have to eat your money's worth, otherwise what's the point. I can't speak to the hibachi experience, but the sushi is good.
Plus there's a really nice view of the river and bridge. Great for group gatherings or dates.If you don't have every single member of your party at the exact time of reservation. They won't seat you. If you are four minutes late. You have to wait 40+ minutes to be seated. What wonderful service and respect for their customers.Do not come here if you are hungry, the wait its ridiculous long. We make a reservation at 8pm and we arrived at 8:05, we being told that we are late. Service told us we have to wait another 15 minutes to be seated which is fine. But end up wait for 1 hours and 20 minutes to be seated not even an apologized to us. Then after being seated, we have to wait for more than an hrs  to wait for the chef to come cook the food. We end up leaving without eating the dinner.This place was good once upon a time but the last time I was here (mind you it was about 4 years ago) it was NOT as good as it once was. It's fallen off a bit. I guess this is why I haven't been back.Food wasn't very good. The place is pretty bad. Has a smell and doesn't appear to have been kept up. 
Set us with an entire group of folks (8 of them - young adults - 20s) and then my family, so that was strange for them as much as us, I'm sure. I was there with my family. Place needs to do a better job of matching up tables. 
Cost $15 to park, so that sucked and no validation. 
Will not be back.We made a reservation at 6:15. Arrived 5 minutes late, seated an hour late. Hostess was very rude. Served me a beer past its expiration date. The beer costs more at the bar for some reason. Forgot to bring one person's salad. The order the food was cooked in made the vegetables cold. The band was so loud we couldn't hear each other.Those 3 stars are actually 3.5 stars.
After a few intense rounds of skee-ball and beer at D&B's on a Thursday night, my husband and I were looking for somewhere a bit nicer for dinner. However, being as lazy as we sometimes are, not having to walk far was a priority. We decided to give Hibachi a try. I admit I didn't have high expectations going in, but I was definitely impressed with our experience.
The location of the entrance is definitely not ideal, but it was still light out so we had no problems finding it. 
We were more in the mood for a quiet dinner than the hibachi show, so we chose a regular table and were seated right away. The non-hibachi area was almost completely empty, and we got a table right by the window. The view was great!
The waiter came within minutes to take our drink order, and he came back quickly with the drinks. We ordered two appetizers- lobster rolls (husband) and miso soup (me). The miso soup was good. The lobster rolls were a bit greasy, and we couldn't tell exactly what was inside them (although it wasn't bad). They were OK overall. We then ordered 4 rolls to share- cucumber; eel, cucumber, avocado; spicy tuna; and the TNT (tuna, avocado, shrimp, cream cheese, roe, tempura). The sushi was really good! It tasted fresh and had great flavor. We were impressed and stuffed.
The dinner felt a bit more expensive than average, and I wouldn't make a point to come back, but it was definitely a tasty experience.Was in town visiting Philly from NY. I've heard GREAT things about this place and was extremely disappointed. The location of this place is actually beautiful, and the restaurant is pretty big. We came around 830-ish and we were seated with a large party rather quickly. Our waiter ( I believe his name was teppan but don't quote me on that ) took our drink orders and food orders, nonetheless he was AMAZING and very attentive. What pissed me off was the food and our chef. Everybody knows the point of hibachi is for the experience and the show, if I wanted to order Japanese food without a show I would do takeout. I ordered the salmon and chicken hibachi dinner and my cousin order the tilapia and chicken dinner. Our chef WAS NOT entertaining/engaging at all. He was very dry right along with his chicken. The chicken was horrible and our table interaction was extremely quiet, and I couldn't help but hear the other chefs being loud and entertaining with their tables. I looked over and noticed the table in front of us chicken looked tasty and our chicken looked horrible and was horrible! the chicken was barely cooked and he threw some sauce on it.  We also didnt recieve the complimentary shrimp appetizers, because they were flung on the floor since none of the kids could catch them.The salmon was nothing to write home about either. The 3-stars; 1 for our awesome water, 2 for the ambiance of the restaurant and 3 for the accommodating manager who brought us out different chicken from the back. I wouldn't recommend and im not returning. Ill stick to my hibachi restaurants in NYC.I used to go with my family often. But recently have stayed away do to the traffic and parking. Must say that normally I've never had a bad meal but this last time was enough for me to call it quits. The atmosphere is ok but it's starting to get a steady stream of wanna be thugs.....loud, ignorant and bossy. The food was horrible, chicken was undercooked. Waiter was very good but I'm tapping out. Food is not worth the price.I could write a super long review about everything that went wrong, but I'll save you the trouble and just say don't waste your time or money.  
Here are some of the highlights:
Walking through a creepy parking garage just to get to the restaurant
Being the only people in the entire place
Every single dish we ordered was mediocre or undercooked and inedible
We saw a mouse run across the floor
Overpriced
The only positive was that our waiter was nice and accomodating.  
I will not be returning.Took her parents out for 30th anniversary there. Made reservations, and after a few frozen drinks on South St we could not wait to fill up on some food.
The first thing to notice is that the parking situation is not the best ( $10 to park in garage ) If you are lucky enough to find some street parking then go for it. Once inside the place is very classy. 
Food was great, ordered the filet mignon and could not find one thing to complain about. The chef was great and entertaining.Went for the first time a week ago and I loved the food. The entertainment from our cook had my whole family dying with laughter. We all enjoyed ourselves. I was so full I couldn't even finish my meal. I'll be back againIf I'm not mistaken, this Hibachi is under the same ownership as the one at the Pavilion in Jenkintown; though this location, given that it's on the waterfront, is a bit more upscale, at least per my impression upon entering.  A friend and I came in for dinner one summer evening before going to the movies, and we were seated around a Hibachi table soon after our arrival.  The food hit the spot and as expected, the Hibachi chef put on a great show.  For what we paid (a steak, shrimp, and chicken combo with salad, rice, and veggies), we definitely got our money's worth and parted with leftovers.  We returned a few months later on a Monday afternoon to get our Hibachi fix, but much to our dismay, their Monday hours didn't start until dinner!  Either way, I highly recommend the Penn's Landing Hibachi for a fun and entertaining dinner with a lovely view of the river.The food was ok for the price (which was a tad bit pricey,I like a good amount of food for a high or low price,lol!) The service was pretty good the hostess was a little rude but overall pretty good,facilities were clean,the view of the river was beautiful!Just no. Just left. My party and I didn't quite like the service. Hostess sat us at the hibachi table and I asked if I could still have access to the all you can eat sushi, which she said a solid yes to. The waitress took our order and told me they don't do all you can eat during Friday's at the time, but my coworker told her that's not ok because the hostess told us it was a definite thing. And if we couldn't get that, we'll have to speak with a manager or chef. So waitress got the sushi thing to happen, cool. She got our food and drinks out quick but she started to disappear a lot and for a long time after the hibachi experience (which my coworker's wanted) ended and she hardly came around. During that hibachi, we told the chef it was one our birthdays which they were suppose to bring dessert for her no charge with candle. But they didn't. They didn't do that for our neighbors either, who also had a birthday. They brought it out for the table in front of us who had a HUGE DESSERT. We asked a busboy if they paid for theirs, since we weren't sure if that's how it works. He said that the table got it for a free for the birthday treat. When the other neighboring diners complained they got nothing, the waitress said it's too late and she didn't know. But she brought out a birthday cake for them... except it was a 2 centimeter slice of a cake, and those other people had two huge miniature whole desserts that looked designed and beautiful. Our neighbor diners didn't look too pleased either way but made fake smiles as they see the huge difference in effort between them and the other table that had a much better dessert. They didn't do anything for my coworker's birthday of course. She brushed it off, fine. The check came very late, maybe 20 minutes late. Waitress disappeared a lot longer and to the point my other coworker found it ridiculous and had to personally find her and request for her to charge our cards now because we had to leave. The waitress obviously felt awkward... but honestly, as nice as she tried to be, I think she could've done a lot better and maybe it was due to the crowd, but we were greatly disappointed. Personally, the sushi isn't the greatest. Mostly a lot of rice. The sashimi and raw fish itself were good enough, but not at the quality it could've been. I felt like I was trying to eat empty calories with little protein. Hate to say it as another commentary, but some of these people they hire are just okay.The service was good. 
Chef Kong was awesome. Very very nice and funny
Food : The best dressing ever (that came with meal/salad) 
    Sushi was fresh and tasty
    The fried rice is addicting!!!! 
Great food overall
Early bird specials are a steak!! Before 5:30 on Saturday, you get a New York strip, chicken, shrimp rice salad. 19.95
Dessert: fried ice cream is great. Extremely big portion enough to feed 2-3 people
Cheesecake is good. Gives you two slices. The raspberry sauce on too is good just very sweet
I had a Malibu bay breeze and was delicious!!!
Overall great place and will go back. 
Ps the view is beautifulI have been to this location for both hibachi and regular dining.
My sit-down, non-hibachi experience here was pretty awful. The wait was 45 minutes (no reservation) and then the service was terrible. A 15 minute wait for someone's attention consistently. The fried rice tasted like it came from a frozen package, my shrimp was lukewarm and I was overall so disappointed in my meal. Me and my companion left with an expensive bill and felt cheated. 
My hibachi dining experience was better but very frustrating. I came for a birthday celebration with a reservation and the hostess would not seat us until everyone within our party had arrived which I have heard is typical for this location. When everyone had arrived it was still a 25 minute wait to get seated, we probably would have been seated the same time without a reservation. The service was average and at times our servers were inattentive. When we actually got a server over and our chef everything came out fairly quickly. The fried rice was far better than the rice I consumed when I did not dine in the hibachi section. My seafood was cooked extremely well. I recommend if you must come here for hibachi, and get a reservation, be on time or you will be hungry and frustrated. Honestly, there are far better hibachi spots.Honestly, my hopes weren't too high going here for the first time to begin with based on the low reviews. But, I genuinely love hibachi style food so I was willing to risk it. Big mistake. The service is absolutely horrendous. We had a 9pm reservation on a Saturday night and called ahead to let the hostess know we were running ten minutes late, which she said was fine. When we showed up, the staff said they couldn't seat us at our originally scheduled table because we weren't on time (even though we had called ahead and we're told this was not an issue). 
We ended up waiting an entire hour before being seated. About 40 minutes in, we inquired about how much longer we'd have to wait and were basically running around the entire place based on what the staff told us in order to locate a hostess. Terrible customer service, hostess was not even apologetic about our long wait despite originally having a reservation. 
Forgot to mention, the hostess was blatantly rude to our group upon arrival and when inquiring about the wait and made snarky comments. One star says it all.Always entertaining.  Great for a fun night out with a big group of people.
I've only ever been here on weeknights so I've never had a problem getting a table but I can imagine that it gets pretty packed Fridays and Saturdays.
It's your standard run-of-the-mill Hibachi food, heavy on the soy sauce but in big portions, and a little overpriced, but I gave it the four stars for the chef's performance.  Particularly the last one we had this week.  Sure, he did the basic egg toss and onion volcano, but with a twist.  He catered to his audience.  
Specifically, after expertly throwing and stacking the rice bowls in his chef hat and then turning the onion volcano into the DeLorean on a path of flames, he then proceeded to squirt water on the volcano with the ole' doll peeing routine to which he said, "It's R.Kelly!"  Needless to say, we cracked up.  
Bartender is on point with the mixed drinks and the view of the Ben Franklin Bridge and river is always a nice touch.
Tip:  parking in the lot here is $11 ($3 of which goes to city parking tax? What the what?!?) but you can get a $5 Dave and Buster's voucher.  A little birdie told me to just go up to the Dave and Buster's bartenders and they'll take the voucher and hand you $5 back.  I haven't tried it, but I'd give it a shot if I just dropped over $100 on a meal for two people.I went for my graduation dinner yesterday 5/10 at around 6pm all 8 of us were sat quickly. Our server was lovely and accommodating as we were all hungry and tired from traveling. The chef was great funny, nice, quick, and did some typical tricks. The downside is that the rice wasn't very flavorful. The meats all got served than veggies would have been nice to break up proteins. Water refills were not given more than twice only liquor and sodas were refilled. The view was nice and they allowed us to take pictures around the restaurant. Bar drinks were overpriced for the size stick to beer in my opinion. I'd go with a large group again as they were so accommodating.The choir that I sang with has their annual reunion here and I was just here for said event last Friday, 5/9/14. It was great to see the people I sang with in my teens and only get to see nowadays on social media sites. We reserved the loft area right next to the stage. The performer that night, tried to turn way too many of Beyonce and Michael Jackson style songs into cabaret music. Total Fail!
However, the food and drinks were pretty good. I just ordered the wings, and two paradise punches. However, I had some of my friend's fried rice and chicken teriyaki. I really enjoyed those as well. In addition, the service was good. I just wish they had at least one more person there to accommodate our large party. 
The view of the river is quite beautiful at night. To top things off, when we did a group toast to love, long life and happiness, immediately fireworks went off right near our windows. Perfect timing!This is the worst hibachi service I've ever been to. The wait for my party was over 40 minutes and when they brought us to the table, it was another ten minutes before we even got a drink of water. Then another five to get the salad. It was about another 20 minutes before they took our order. This place sucks.I went here recently for Valentine's day with my fiancé and we had a good time. I've been here on other occasions and we knew what to expect - included gratuity, fixed menu, group seating with other guests.
I'll start with our chef - I believe his name was Richie. Chef Richie was VERY entertaining. Enthusiastically telling jokes, engaging our table, and giving off a great vibe. It was a pleasure to sit with him, honestly the beat chef I've ever had at a hibachi restaurant. I had initially thought to give a three star review, but our chef was so great I had to give four.
The food was about what I expected. The salad dressing was very good, and the appetizers were just okay. My spicy tuna roll tasted a bit off and the color looked a little different than I'm used to seeing. I did not get sick but I will steer clear of the sushi next time. My fiance had the yakitori - overcooked chicken on skewers, topped with sauce.
The fried rice was absolutely delicious as always, best part of the meal. My fiancé and I both ordered chicken and steak, which were served with onions, broccoli, and zucchini. My steak was ordered medium rare and came out overcooked, but not horribly so. However, to our chef's credit, he did take extra care to cook the steaks correctly, searing them on each side and setting them on the cooler portion of the grill until he had cooked all of the other meat and veggies, when he resumed cooking them in order to devote his full attention to them. I did not see the other chefs doing this, so I appreciate his effort.
If my review of the food sounds harsh, I will say again - this is about what I expected. Given that the restaurant places a large emphasis on entertainment, I didn't expect to be served the most delicious food I've ever eaten. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't amazing. I took my leftovers home and enjoyed them the following day.
I will add that the restaurant was also very cold - not great considering it was a very cold day to begin with, and honestly it was as though the lobby and seating away from the grill area were not heated at all. We both ordered hot tea but unfortunately had to pay extra for them as they were not included in the fixed holiday menu - bummer. The meal itself was filling but I would call it a bit overpriced, especially because if we had been there for dinner, it would have been $60 per person for the same meal. Add to this, the parking was $15 and included a coupon for Dave & Buster's food only.
It was a fun thing to do for a special occasion. We see no reason not to return.Great views of the river from this second floor location. Food was representative of this type of restaurant. Not bad, not great. Our hibachi chef put on a great show. Very entertaining! I suggest reservations as we had a lengthy wait for a party of three.All you can eat sushi $25 was promising at first.
great chicken wings, seaweed salad, soup and amazing fried rice.
however, rolls were DRENCHED in spicy mayo, stinky yellowtail fish and spoiled soft shell crabs in spider roll.
waiter takes FOREVER to get to you (but tip already added!) and all the food never came!! 
take your $$ to dave & busters' next door.Fiancé took me here tonight for my birthday.  I had a great time we will definitely come back. Ordered children & shrimp was so tasty very flavorful.  
Long island iced tea was good too not too strong not too sweet
House salad w/that special dressing very good
Fried rice was my favoriteMy wife and I left Morgans Pier for something a little more personal then the usual bar scene, and that is not meant to be an insult to Morgans Pier, we loved the outside setting there, we just wanted some AC due to the heat. We saw the sign for the Hibashi grill and due to the time of 6:30 and in a CITY we figured lets eat there to avoid a wait in an Old City restuarant. There were clues whrn we got there that I should have picked up on to leave right away, it was 6:30 and 8 people were in a place designed for 250 at any given time. The waiter had a hard time understanding English, which I think would be a must. At first you get immediate attention, order is taken and the first drink is brought right out. Then the service and quality drops, you get a salad, they choose the dressing and amount put on the salad, you maybe get the order you placed. I placed an order for raw sushi, it came out slimmy, all of it, big turn off, after I had 4 pieces. The waiter never checked on us, never asked for refills, and we had to chase down another waiter to get the bill. The ambiance was top notch, music wasby beyonce and dance music, bathroom walls covered in gang tags and disturbing pictures pics of male anatomy. The next day was spent in the hotel bathroom for several hours gettingrid of the sushi. Do yourself a favor, never eat here, let it go out of business, choose another place. If not, enjoy the bathroom the next day!Visited for the first time to celebrate my aunt's birthday. I was pretty impressed and pleased with the ambiance our chef created for us. However, the waiting staff did an ok job. They did not seem to be happy to have us there, and did not have any tact. overall, an ok to good experience.Totally weird place. No true Philadelphian would ever go to a hibachi that you need to walk through the Dave and Busters parking lot to get to. Regardless of my previous statement I was invited to chaperone a sorority winter formal in their banquet hall. The space was a nice size but it smelled like fish, the view of the beautiful waterfront was pretty much a parking lot with an oil tanker anchored next to it. The only saving grace was the manager was really nice and the bartenders made a string drink.After racking my brain of where to take my sister for dinner ,after an unsuccessful attempt of dining at a BYOB at 9:30pm on a Sunday night, somehow we ended up at Hibachi.  We were actually going to go to Benihana, but I was not really in the mood to drive to Jersey so a friend suggested Hibachi. 
Here's the Star Rating Run-down:
-5 stars for the view!  Was totally not expecting to get a spectacular view of the Ben Franklin bridge/Philly.  
-4 stars for the service/hibachi chefs--very friendly
-2 stars for the food.  While the presentation was pretty, most of the meats were tough (chicken/steak),  and the veggies and rice were just decent.  The shrimp was probably the best food of the night, as it was perfectly cooked.   I think other diners must have felt the same way about the food in general as I overheard "Eh...it's okay" and lots of food was left behind.  
I think the funniest part of the night was my sister who took 10 minute breaks during the meal to watch the Knicks vs. Lakers game at the bar.  I laughed from afar as I listened to her get into Kobe Bryant feuds with the wait staff who were done with their shifts for the night.  Obviously, the game outshined her dining experience.     
Despite the awesome view and good service, the food is mediocre at best and overpriced. I would not be in a hurry to return to this place.  I think I would only go if a friend was having a birthday party there--and I would order shrimp fried rice to save myself money and disappointment.  If you want decent Hibachi I think it may be worth the trip to Jersey to go to Benihana-but then again, that Benihana is not the best either. Anyone know where a girl can get some good chopped-up grilled meat?Excellent hibachi! We went here for my boyfriend's birthday. I recommend the flaming volcano drink for 2. The food was delicious and the service was very good. I will be back!So we came here for Mother's Day and we had a reservation. So we get here and we have to wait. We got here at 8:15 and we didn't get seated until 8:43. So we get there and were squished like sardines at a table with a another party when there was an empty table right across from us. We requested that table and they told it was for somebody else. Why would you give someone else a table when we've been waiting for so long? Long story short we didn't eat here because they're disorganized.I come for the all you can eat, made when ordered sushi and I leave satisfied with my diverse sushi craving fulfilled. The service is good, the food is great, portions for most items are generous.  
I like their appetizer selection, but maybe it's just me, but I find it is on the cusp of being way too salty.  
My only minor peeve is the drink menu is a short, standard list of mixed drinks with no deviation; which one expects from a chain, but still, good food? I wish I had an awesome drink to complement it.Most of my party of 11 ordered AYCE sushi; at least 4 of us never got parts of our orders, even after over an hour when the waiter came back with new sheets and asked us to write it again. For a place as big as this, they only had 1 guy making sushi! Eventually the waiter moved on and asked if we even still wanted the missing appetizer courses.
All of the food I actually got was decent, though still not as tasty as at the Hibachi Japanese Steak Houses in DE.
I added a star purely because of how well the manager handled things after one of my party alerted him to our situation. He came by, apologized, and offered each of us free desserts and a free round of drinks. Had our dinner not taken 2.5+ hours, this would have gained another star, but the place wasn't even packed to warrant all of the mixups and long waits.
It was kind of neat that they had a lounge singer, but we could only tell when we went to the restrooms.It starts when you try to find the place - which is essentially at the end of the pier under Dave and Busters.  You walk up to the elevator and think the girl (my sister in this case) invited you as a cruel joke.  Nothing screams "this way to the restaurant" at any point. When you get off the elevator it only gets worse - as it doesn't look anything like a restaurant.
I wandered around until I found my family at the bar.  The bar tender was a pretty cool guy.  But I shouldn't have let him get my guard down... because this place was beyond sub par.
Look - you don't expect a lot out of a hibachi place, normally.  It's more about entertainment.  But part of that entertainment is enjoying the time with the people you're sitting around the grill with.  This place was too packed in to be comfortable.  The chef didn't make any attempt to get people to interact.  The food was Chinese buffet quality.  The drink servers were completely non-existent.  And the food was stupidly expensive.  
Wouldn't go back if my meal was paid for.  (... and by the way... it was.)Our group of 10 commandeered a table at the Hibachi Japanese Steak House on a Thursday evening to celebrate a friend's birthday. We decided on this place because there aren't many hibachi choices in Center City. The restaurant is hidden on the same pier as Dave and Busters, with the elevator entrance creepily accessible through the back of the parking garage. We were on time for our reservation, but the grill was being cleaned as we arrived so we killed some time at the bar. The views of the Ben Franklin Bridge are pretty cool. It makes me wish their were more dining opportunities on the Delaware, I digress. 
It was a standard Hibachi experience in terms of food. First, salad with ginger-ish dressing, then fried rice, then entree. Our table's entrees included, chicken, new york strip steak, scallops, and shrimp. Most entrees were Teriyaki and served with broccoli and onions. Sushi is also an option. Dining Partner complained that his scallops tasted fishy, but most everyone else seemed content with the food. I had to remind Dining Partner it wasn't about the food, we came for the show. Chef Richie was especially fun and entertaining, even amping up his usual routine to include some dirty adult jokes which our group loved. We ended our evening with some fried ice cream (they provided a candle) accompanied with a rousing rendition of "Happy Birthday".
This is a fun place to go with kids or a large group of friends to celebrate an occasion. There is limited street parking on Columbus Boulevard, so bring your quarters and cross your fingers, or get ready to shell out $10+ in the garage.We headed here for all-you-can-eat sushi. At $25 per person even on a Saturday night, it's a good deal. 
The place is difficult to find. It's above Dave and Buster's but the signage in the parking garage is nonexistent.  
I've always been surprised at how not packed the restaurant is even on a weekend. Seriously Sat night at 8 and well over half the place was empty?! We did wait for about 15 minutes but that seemed to be because they only sit guests at the hibachi grills.
The only downside-they didn't bring out half of what we ordered and never came back to see if we wanted more which does kinda defeat the purpose of AYCE.  Luckily, I was stuffed anyways.
This is not my first choice for sushi in the city but it is a cheap choice for AYCE and much easier to get a table on a Saturday night.went with a group on a regular Saturday night out.
pros:
-food was really good, they do give you alot
-chef was awesome!
-nice, fun atmosphere
-not too expensive but still more than avg.
cons:
-the whole reservation process. we reserved for a party of 8 and while waiting for our party to arrive the hostess kept telling us we only had a 10 min "grace period" and had to wait for our entire party to arrive or we'd get booted. kinda crazy, IMO. give me a break. it wasn't all that busy.
-parking, it's $11 and confusing since after you park you have to search through to find the one and only hibachi entrance.
all in all, I'll go back for sure. more good than bad.We had a reservation for 8:30pm and weren't seated until 8:50pm. While many parties that were there after us were being seated. They just asked us to wait and didn't offer us the option of grabbing a drink at the bar. 
Once we were finally seated we placed out orders and received our salad with my absolute favorite dressing...as we took our first few bites everything was great...little did we know a woman at our table had a GLOVE in her salad. A FULL GLOVE (video attached). 
We discussed our sanitary concerns with the manager who wasn't willing to do much at first. First he offered a round of drinks which no one was willing to take. The next was to take off 5$ on each persons meal as well as free appetizers for my party. The compensation certainly was not enough for me to ever recommend this place or go back to this place again. Steer clear of these terrifying health violations.I love this place!!!! Everytime i have been there the service has been great and the food has been great! It sure beats all the corner chinese food places in philly. The rice taste soo good and fresh. I love the teriaki sauce that they use. 
The only thing i would like is to change up the tricks a bit. but besides that im a happy camper when im thereCame here as a party of 7 for my sister's 19th birthday last night. Ran a little late for our 7:30 reservation, but, we were quickly accommodated within 15 minutes. 
This time around there was no issues with the service. We had a waiter this go and our hibachi cook was great. 
I had the soft shell crab as an appetizer and got scallops terriyaki as my main course in addition to sampling a bit of everything including sushi and a handful of other appetizers being passed around our table. Quality as before. 
I will say their portions are huge. I literally got like 20 scallops. Leftovers are never a bad thing, though. 
Bill came to about $490+tip which also includes cocktails, beer, sodas, and cheesecake. 
Definitely looking forward to my 3rd visit.The staff was pleasant; the restaurant was clean; but the food wasn't the greatest. Our table ordered the shrimp, salmon, chicken, and steak. The salmon and rice were the best. Everything else was bland even with the dipping sauces. The prices are very reasonable and they offer lovely views of the river. Nice spot for holidays with firework shows.This place is pretty much like every other Hibachi steak house around, except their vegetables aren't as good. I think it's great for special occasions or kids who will get a kick out of having the chef cook right in front of them. I try to talk the hubby in to going here for the early-bird special because you can usually get the filet mignon and shrimp for like $15! That's all I need to know!
It's amazing they are still open cause you can't really tell it's even there thanks to the huge Dave & Buster's sign/place in front. Walk through the parking garage to the elevators in the back to get in.
Special Note: The view is amazing- try to get the corner table!Went here for the first time tonight with my sister (her favorite restaurant) and mother. They got hibachi (chicken/shrimp and steak, respectively). I got the egg rolls & the lobster volcano sushi.The food was great overall.  But, I did notice two things that were a bit off. Our waitress wandered off for long periods of time and wasn't as attentive as I would like.  My mom also complained her chicken was a bit tough. Came to about $160+tip which included both alcoholic & non beverages, an order of egg rolls to go, and fried bananas with icecream for my sister for desert. Would return despite the downsides.I'm an avid fan of Japanese cuisine and this place was a disappointment. To begin my rant, the place was hard to find. For those of you who are wondering, it's behind the parking lot of D&B. In addition, we had to pay $11 dollars just to park inside the lot and find this place. The place is pretty nice as it was being renovated. They have a great view (especially at night time, not sure how it is when the sun is out) you can see the bridge light up. 
As for the food, it was a complete disappointment. We ordered sushi, maki and sashimi, and it was as bland as cardboard. The special rolls we ordered were pretty much drenched in spicy mayo sauce that my appetite went away after a couple of pieces.The hibachi food was almost the same as everything else - bland. As someone stated before they use the same sauce for everything that I just lost it after a couple of bites. The hibachi show that the chef did was pretty amazing, it was probably the only thing worth paying for. 
Conclusion:
-food sucks and very pricey!!! You are basically paying $30+ dollars for a dish you can make yourself at home and maybe even better!!So I've never actually been here for a regular dinner, but I did ring in the new year here, and I must say it was a fabulous night! And I'm pretty sure it was the best deal in town for New Years eve. For $100, there was an open bar from 8-1am with all the best liquors, also a buffet, DJ, and wonderful view of the fire works.  The service was fabulous and a great time was had by everyone there. What I tried of the food was very good, and definitely warrants a visit on a regular night for dinner.  This was a great experience and I will likely book again for next year!Pros: Food was OK. Nice little show if you have never done hibachi before. And that is where it ends.
Cons: Super shady location. Looks like an old hotel or old people home they converted but still has a musty smell (However, nice view of the river). Hostess was dressed in sneakers and running shorts. Sat at a table with obnoxiously drunk people (I suggest going with a group so you don't have to sit with random people). Our chef said maybe 2 words to us and didn't put on much of a show like other places.
Save you're money for somewhere better.Our food wasn't very impressive. Considering there were 4 tables TOTAL, we would have liked to see a server more often. My server didn't know the menu, and also brought me the wrong sushi. We sat at a table because only one hibachi was open at 7:30, and it was for a private party. Way overpaid. Some things listed on the menu didn't come with your entree if you weren't at the hibachi, which actually affected the way we ordered, so a disappointment was imminent. BUT- our dishes were loaded with meat. I think I got the shrimp teriyaki or something to that effect, and legit had over 30 shrimp in it. Overall unimpressive meal, though, and not everything we ordered or was listed n the menu came to us... but our server was never around for us to ask her about it.
Also, good luck finding reasonable parking. We parked on a dirt mound up the hill.Hibachi is exactly what everyone thinks it is. The food is great, great for groups especially.I really hate giving bad reviews, but I just can't let this establishment slide.  Had I not been a frequent flyer at hibachi restaurants, I might not have known that this one does not live up to standards.  However, compared to others, the chef's performace was short and impersonal, and the food just so so.  One plus is the beautiful view in the bar area.  However, next time I want hibachi, I will not be jumping out of my seat to return here.The location is a bit odd and hard to find. It's not a place I'd walk to alone at night. The first time I went here there were some spiders on the windows (ew) and the bathrooms weren't very clean. This is a big deal considering I take public transit from Jersey and usually use restrooms at restaurants.
Having gone here twice, the food was not consistent. The first time, it was amazing, but the second time we had a different chef and the sauce on both the rice and the meat was overpowering. They could have been faster about refilling bar drinks, but they always made sure we had water. They serve Shirley Temples which is a plus in my book.
The quality of the meat is higher than at other hibachi places. The fried rice quality varies. The view is amazing. I would recommend this pace for a date or if you like meeting other people. It's also great for groups. They have reasonable early bird specials as well. I'll go back again and give it another shot.Visited here on July 6, 2013 for dinner. Were told that our party of seven would have to wait 20 minutes for the grill side of the restaurant, which was fine. When we were seated at about 5:30pm, every table on the grill side was filled. The cooking and wait staff certainly worked for its pay until about 7:30 that day. 
The food was great, the chef was entertaining, and the wait staff was gracious. I would definitely return.