Honest Tom's is one of my fav places for Mexican food around Penn campus. 
I am a vegetarian and I have tried their rice and bean, sweet potato burritos and tacos! I love the sweet potato tacos - the sweet potato pieces were fried n crispy, together with other veggies plus sauces the tacos were delightful! I would recommend splashing a little lime over the tacos because it was missing during my recent take-out.
I like hot and spicy food and Honest Tom's has a good set of sauces to go with their food. I really like their spicy taco sauce and jalapeño sauces.
Food's a little pricey, $6.50 for 2 tacos and ~$8 burritos..however the portion sizes are a little bigger than those in food trucks.
I just have one complaint: they don't deliver anymore....sad because I would love to get their food delivered for meetings at work, oh well!Good tacos. The fish tacos are amazeballs but they aren't always on the menu. I wish they were. The burritos are also good and fairly priced. And the setting was great, very welcoming and comfortable. That staff was very friendly as well.5 stars just for the sweet potato burrito. It is definitely 2 meals in one, stuffed with flavorful ingredients. I especially appreciate the hefty portion of guac included. I want to try other things on the menu, but I can't help ordering the sweet potato burrito over and over because it is so good.Honest Tom's breakfast tacos are my FAVORITE breakfast. The prices are incredible for the amount of food you get. 2 tacos and a cup of coffee is the perfect amount for a good breakfast. Whenever family or friends come to visit us, we always make sure we take them to Tom's. When moving to Philadelphia this summer, I made sure my apartment would be walking distance!We live nearby and it's a little gem in our area. Been here a few times and the place is quaint and the staff is very friendly. Tacos are fabulous!  We have been to El Rey and I like Honest Tom's tacos just as much and for a slightly better price. They have the best fish tacos I've ever had. We usually get most if not all the tacos on the menu. We can easily walk or bike here but parking has not been an issue.  If you like tacos, you must come to this charming place!Tom's is fast and delicious! And they only have a few choices, which makes the decision-making easier.  I eat here regularly!I stopped in here for a burrito last month and it was excellent. Great ingredients, well spiced, and quick service too. The seating is a little cramped, but that's what I would expect for a small taco shop in university city.Absolutely no frills. Just some solid food, didn't really think the prices were bad. Got two steak tacos, were on fluffy corn tortillas which were pretty good sized. Nice amount of guac and pico de gallo. Also got a side of chips and guac. The guacamole is pretty solid, and they give a good amount of it. Like their chips. This isn't authentic Mexican food in taste, but I think they general spirit of the place feels like an authentic Mexican taqueria. Just put out some good simple food in a nice simple setting. Like that they have valentina salsa, maybe I missed it, but wish there were some cut up lemons.
Really like this place, wish I lived closer.good burritos. tacos seemed overpriced. quick service and yummy sauces.Now I know what all the accolades, long lines in Clark Park is all about! Yup, I FINALLY got to try Honest Tom's. We would be walking in Clark Park and see the long line as we strolled through the Farmer's Market. I also recall reading a nice article a year or so ago in the City paper. So, when i read another article in City Paper that they opened up a store front, I definitely made it a goal on my new restaurant "to do" list! So, on this beautiful, spring evening, my friend suggested we try Honest Tom's.....
I ordered the Chicken tacos. my friend ordered beef Burrito.
1. Taco - the chicken was tender , moist and flavorful. I loved getting Guacamole on a meat taco. Yum! Tacos were very good and a good deal for $6. They use chicken breast and the pieces were big pieces not shredded, which is my preference. 
2.  My friend liked her burrito, although she said the meat was a little bit greasy. The burrito was HUGE and was $8.00
The service was quick and friendly. They even sent my receipt to my email address.
FYI -  Tom said the truck will be be in action late March. Saturdays in Clark Park and M - F in the usual spot near Drexel.
We will be back again!!The steak burrito is the best burrito I've had in the city. Also, very reasonably priced. Go there if in West Philly, you won't be disappointed. Just don't get the chicken, because meh.Honest Tom's is one of my favorite places to eat in West Philly. They only have tacos and burritos on the menu as well as a couple sides but that is all they need. Since you get two tacos with an order my favorite thing to get is one sweet potato and one chicken, both of which are very tasty. I don't really like the burritos except for the breakfast burrito. I wish they had more seating available because sometimes you just can't sit down. During the warmer months they have seating outside though, which helps things to clear out a bit faster. The ingredients are fresh and you can watch them cook while you wait. Tacos are only $6 for 2 and burritos are $8 which I think is very reasonable. The chips and guac are also very good if you feel like chipping in the extra bucks. It's a great place to go with just one or two friends so you have enough space to sit and (from University City at least) you have some company for the walk!Honest Tom's has been a little like Lil' Sebastian for me. At different Penn events, HT would cater and I'd be left wondering what was wrong with me as everyone raved how good their food was. After visiting them at their location, I now realize that 99% of what makes Honest Tom's good is how fresh the ingredients are. You can see them making it almost right in front of you.
Even at the height of brunch last Sunday morning, our orders were taken quickly and we got our food within 5 minutes. I had the two breakfast tacos while my friend had the burritos. The bacon and salsa was delicious, but the overall combination of ingredients wasn't great, and I ended up taking the filling out of the tortilla. 
On the plus side, Honest Tom's has a great location and atmosphere, with no sense of being rushed when you are enjoying your coffee. Since I live so close, I will definitely be coming back and enjoying more tacos in the future.Never fails to please! I may actually visit my friends in this neighborhood more often just to have reasons to visit Tom's! My favorite is the steak and yucca burrito. You won't be disappointed!This is a neighborhood gem! I come here regularly and my go to is the beef burrito. It's almost always two meals for me. Comes with guac and a bunch of other delicious fillings. Way better than any chain Mexican restaurant.Add Honest Toms breakfast burritos to your Sunday (or any other day) routine. Almost every Sunday, I stop by Honest Toms for a breakfast burrito with bacon. Don't let long lines scare you away. They fill orders quickly and the wait is well worth it. Seating is limited, but when weather permits, sit in the parklet or take your burrito to Clark Park. This is a monster of a burrito - filled with breakfast potatoes, eggs, black beans, pico de gallo, delicious creamy sauce, and guac. Be prepared to be very full afterwards. Don't miss their sauces! My favorite is the mild taco sauce, but the Halloween is delicious if you like spicy. 
Be aware that they only serve breakfast on Sundays. If you visit on a different day, the sweet potato burrito is also great! For kids, they also do quesadillas if you ask (I think for $2)You won't regret going here instead of Chipotle.
Homemade, fresh food.  I like the pork burrito best but they're all good.  Nice staff. You can see the cooking facilities are cleaned well & it's fun watching the kitchen staff cook the food.My boyfriend and I stopped here for lunch 2 weekends ago and boy, do we regret it.  My boyfriend ordered a breakfast burrito, and when he was about to finish it, he found hair at the bottom.  He was grossed out, but at that point, he was 95% finished, so didn't say anything to the staff.  
I ordered two tacos and I am glad I stopped to check after he noticed the hair (he eats so fast compared to me) - I looked down and not only did I pull out a long, brown hair from the taco I was eating, I found another hair in the second taco. I was so grossed out; I put them in a napkin, told the guy working the register, and he told me I have to talk to another guy he pointed to (no apology at all).  When that guy walked over, I started explaining - hey, we found three hairs between our two meals.  I started to open the napkin to show him and he just grabbed it out of my hand and made two new tacos.  Why on earth would I want more food from that place?!  I wanted my money back, but when I tried to get his attention again, I felt he acted as if he could not hear me (but to be fair, the place was filled with rowdy frat guys).
And speaking of the clientele, I found them to be rude and very loud.  Look, I get they are near colleges, but it was just not my cup of tea.The breakfast burrito is unreal and gigantic. Make Honest Tom's a morning stop.I just had the best chicken burrito I've ever TASTED! At $8.75 it was a little pricey, but it was HUGE and worth EVERY penny! I was full of flavor, hot and juicy! It's a no frills dive that pretty much sells burritos, tacos and chips and salsa. But CLEARLY they operate under the concept of selling just a few things and getting them right. Not much available seating even with the UCD parklet right outside, but who cares if u live in the neighborhood like me. This place is DELICIOUS and I will definitely be back!Recently had their fish tacos and ofcourse they were just as amazing as the last time I got them. The pineapple salsa was the best pineapple salsa I've had in a long time! Also they sell their hot sauce by the bottle now! 
If they have a special- get it! Their specials never disappointA small joint with no a.c. but worth a try! Love how they are generous with their quacamole!!The chicken burrito is amazing! The meat is really well seasoned and the other ingredients tast really fresh. 
Chips and guacamole are also great. I got salsa as well once and that was pretty bland, more like plain chopped tomatoes and onions.
Absolutely worth the trip to West Philly!This is our neighborhood go to. Food is made fresh to order and great portion size. Fish tacos in the summer are a must have! Guacamole was also delicious although price somehow seemed to fluctuate because of the great avocado shortage of 2017? No clue how this is possible when everywhere seems to offer avocado toast. Something seemed slightly off last time I ordered. Supplemented with peas?? Haven't ordered since. Been wooed by nachos which have been a great  substitute until avocados are plentiful again. Little picky eaters in your family? They offer kids quesadillas not listed on the menu.Went here for a breakfast burrito on my way out of town and reconsidered leaving at all. It was AMAZING. I dream of their breakfast burritos and wish they had a location closer to where I lived. Haven't tried the rest of the menu but can't wait to go back to try more of what they have. Small location, beware with a larger group. Service was quick and the food is high quality.I came here with my bf for lunch last week. Although there are very few seats, the turnover is pretty fast, so we were able to get seated within minutes. It seems like most people pick up their order to go. While the menu is limited to tacos and burritos, everything is fresh and made to order. $6 for 2 tacos isn't cheap, but the tacos are huge and very filling. They come with salsa and guacamole unless you tell them otherwise. The taco fillings we got were chicken, pork, and steak & yucca. All were warm and delicious! The yucca added crispy texture to the tacos. The shells were soft. The fillings were moist and well-seasoned. The service was a bit insipid, but overall, it seems like a pretty solid establishment. The person sitting next to me had a very yummy-looking burrito, so I'll have to come back to try the burrito next time.I can definitely appreciate a place with a simple menu since it usually takes me longer to make up my mind about what to order than it does to actually consume it.  
We came on a Sunday morning and the options were 2 tacos/$6 or a giant-ass burrito for $7-both came with eggs, potatoes, pico, guac and w/or without bacon.  
Since I'd just consumed McD's 2x within 12 hours AND 2 meat pies, I opted for 2 tacos rather than attempting to fill my belly to the brim and risk exploding.  
Tasty breakfast tacos, not quite as good as the ones in Austin, but when you're a Yankee, sometimes that's the best you can do.
My only grip was not about Honest Tom or the food, it was about the annoying group who saw that there were a ton of people in line for food and waiting to eat.  Rather than evacuating, they decided to spread out their newspaper and set up camp after they finished their tacos.  As Stephanie Tanner would say "how Rude!"Tried it out for the first time and it is awesome. I used Uber eats and got the Uber eats bowl with chicken with mild sauce. I should of ordered two lolOk so I gave you guys a five star rating but I was actually contemplating a four star rating ( because you took away the Steak Tacos which are the best TACOS IN ALL OF PHILADELPHIA!!!). So the attendant said you got rid of them because they were too costly. But honestly Tom I would pay whatever price difference for the steak!!! You have the most amazing food!!! But you removed your blue ribbon item from the menu!!! PLEASE PLEASE BRING THE STEAK BACK!!!! I can't give you a four because you are a five but I can't believe you took away the steak!!!!I'm a big fan of the sweet potato tacos and burrito.  I've also tried the chicken burrito, which was tasty.  I usually get takeout, since it's right in the neighborhood, but I ordered delivery last night and it was very fast!  (This was surprising, because my takeout usually takes a while.)I once called this place the "best burrito place EVER" and I have convinced many others of this as well.  I work as an ICU nurse and your breakfast bacon/ chicken burritos were the perfect fuel for a tough day. But now your menu has gone completely vegan??? Not even vegan optional; just straight vegan What happened to giving customers a choice? Would it be too much to at least keep chicken/ eggs (free range) on the menu??? Eating animals doesn't make anyone a bad person. 
Sadly you will lose loyal and satisfied costumers who have been eating your delicious food since Honest Toms was a small food truck.
Farewell "Honest" Tom.I have been wanting to try Honest Tom's for the longest. When I heard about their taco truck, I could sadly never get a long enough lunch away from the office. Then they gave their truck away and made a new home in Univ. City... Way too far for me to visit on a lunch break.
Until ---!!! Friends of ours suggested Honest Tom's on our way up to the Mann for a concert. Whoo hoo, better late than never!
I had the Pretty Ricky's Fish Tacos. A pinch too salty for my taste buds but not a deal breaker. My belly was pretty happy. The mister had the pork tacos and he devoured it. Our party shared chips with guac and salsa. Guac was good, definitely for the avocado lovers. Salsa was decent too but the guac totally stole the show, sorry. Best part? The chips! They have got to be the chips from Tortilleria San Roman. I definitely eat them way too much that I know this. Kudos, Tom - You have great taste in chips. 
Indoor seating is minimal, but outdoor seating in the summer makes for a lovely evening.FINALLY! a REAL burrito place in the city. I can eat a lot, and their chicken burrito was enough to set me into food coma status. I ate so much it hurt. Great quality, great portions, and casual atmosphere. Only thing is that it is in w. philly, so it's soo far for me, but worth the trip. Expand to south philly please!Consistently great tacos for a great price in a laid-back atmosphere. Chips n' guac are generous and delicious. Probably my favorite place for a quick bite in University City.Great burrito experience! My wife and I are from California and love burritos about as much as life itself. We have been unable to satisfy our craving since moving to Philly. These burritos are the best we have had yet out here. Still a far cry from what we are used to, but we are very happy to have found Honest Tom's Taco Shop. We look forward to exploring more of their menu!Two delicious tacos for $6. And, the chips and salsa? Homemade and fresh. This was a delicious quick lunch! I'm very glad I stumbled upon it in University CIty. It's definitely a repeat spot!Note: I would give 3.5 stars if I could, however I will give them a boost to 4 stars given its value and taste.
While this quaint taco and burrito shop doesn't have any fancy bells and whistles or waiter service,  what it does have is a great mission style burrito and taco options that go beyond the Chipotles and Qdobas of the world into something that makes you feel like you're eating elevated and wholesome cuisine (at the same price!).
While they took away the steak and yucca burrito that was truly special (much to my dismay), their sweet potato burrito is really very good. Additionally, their breakfast tacos are really quite delicious and I think better than their breakfast burrito because it incorporates all of the ingredients better rather than overdoing the egg. Their chicken is slightly too citrusy, but their ground beef burrito is also a nice take on a classic. Their guacamole is a must and their sauces are great as well from mild to wild (in terms of heat).Good ol' Americanized Mexican food.
Honest Tom's makes some of the freshest, most flavorful tacos you'll find in U City. Each meet is flavorful, tender, and always cooked to perfection. The chips are delicious -- thick and crunchy unlike those sorry things you get at chain stores that always break when you try to dip them into something. Also, their guacamole has ONIONS in it! A win if I ever saw one.
And don't even get me started on their burritos. The perpetual line of people out the door can speak for itself. Thankfully, their menu is really short so you don't have to spend the last dregs of your brainpower the morning after a long night out deciding what to eat.
Things to try: Everything.
Things not to try: I lied, don't try the Halloween sauce, unless you're the fearless offspring of a tiger shark and a grizzly bear.
Don't forget: To eat outside when the weather's nice!This is a great hole in the wall place that serves the best breakfast burritos you can get in the city. Hands down, bar none. I came her with my fiance on a whim one Sunday after church, and it was packed with co-eds from Penn and Drexel working off the hangovers. I got one of the breakfast burritos and she got a trio of tacos, and we went to eat in nearby Clark Park. The service was good, but the food puts this place over the top.I own an Honest Tom's Taco Shop t-shirt. I love this place a lot. Tom is a great guy, he does philanthropy with Penn Alexander Middle School every year with the t-shirt sales. I've had everything on the menu except that Honduran fish soup, when they have it. I typically go for the chicken tacos or breakfast tacos (they only serve breakfast on Sundays). Love their halloween sauce. Everything tastes super fresh and is the closest thing I can get to my West Coast Mexican food. $6.50 for two tacos. Yum.Food was okay; good but not great. After reading the reviews, I had high expectations for this place, but the tacos were just okay, and a bit overpriced if you ask me. The burritos were a fair price, however. And the setting was great, very welcoming and comfortable. That staff was very friendly as well. I'd give it another visit, but keep in mind that the food is very bare bones, not super over the top or complex.Literally have never been disappointed. Got the pork tacos and ofcourse they were wonderful. I also love their hot sauce blend. Soooo good. The one thing I constantly tell my mom- Idc what food I have at my wedding but we must get honest toms!Pretty tasty tacos! I had the sweet potato tacos which were a nice mix of sweet + savory. They had creamy guac and fresh salsa on top, very satisfying.
The menu is fairly simple, but it seems like there's something for everyone. I came too late for a breakfast taco, but they sounded amazing! Guess I'll have to come back. Definitely try the homemade sauces - they actually have flavor and some kick, which I've been missing at other Mexican style places in town.Excellent little burrito/taco joint near Penn.  My husband and I make it our ritual stop whenever we are taking our daughter to the Philly zoo.  The inside is tiny and we have never eaten there, we always get take out but there are a few tables to dine at.  Everything is made from scratch and made to order (you can actually watch it being cooked as you wait).  They have a very small menu but the few items available they have absolutely nailed!  Would not change a thing.  We get always get an order of tacos or the burritos which are big......as big as a newborn baby kinda big.  And they are 6 bucks!!!   Can't beat that!  Tons of homemade sauces to try and vegetarian options.  Awesome little place.Awesome!!!  
The tacos and burritos are great (even the breakfast ones)!  But the chips with Peco and Guac combo is the show stealer!!!I go to Honest Tom's a lot, especially when the weather is nice out. The servers are usually nice and I've never had to wait a long time.
I tried the breakfast tacos for the first time today- I enjoyed them  greatly. Adding in bacon was definitely the right choice. I didn't love coffee, to be honest, but fine in a pinch.I went on a Sunday, and they had breakfast tacos only, which were okay. I have to go again to try their real tacos.Best steakhouse in town. A bit pricey but worth every morsel !!
Steak was cooked to perfection and our server Amy was amazing !!This was a very nice lunch spot situated in a cozy, part of 44th street. There was great cute outdoor seating and the staff was friendly and service was super quick. I ordered the pork and chicken tacos, both were very moist and succulent. I particularly enjoyed their three types of hot sauces and the glass coke and old school fanta bottles added a nice touch to the whole experience. Great for a light lunch!Sweet potato burrito is really good. Tacos are very small. Would only recommend take out.First time here! This place was raved by all my coworkers so I decided to take the long walk to Honest Tom's. First order my coworker & I order led the beef tacos, pretty good! Second we spilt the pork tacos; orders come in 2. Personally I liked the pork tacos better. It has a strong hint of lime whereas I think the beef tacos are more on the saltier side. 
Definitely will go back, possible for dinner! 
Do note there is limited seating, two tables & a L-shaped counter with stools.Get the burritos. They are huge. It's like eating an infant - just less creepy of course.
My personal favorite: Pork Burrito. Chicken is a little bland IMHO. Though I liked the breakfast burrito on a Sunday, pork still remains my favorite.
Tacos? Not so much. For the price, they are tiny in comparison to the burritos.Great service and delicious food. I work in west philly and make this my regular lunch stop. I recommend the chicken burrito with everything. Best value in the neighborhood for a hearty meal.Food is fine. Probably a very good spot for vegans and okay spot for meat eaters like me. Hot sauces are good but burritos aren't better than food trucks in U-City. Price is higher than I'd expect for quality and makes me bump it down to 3 stars instead of 4.Absolutely fantastic burritos. There's really nothing more to say. 
This is a small place, so expect to wait awhile if you want to eat in. It's also a little off the beaten path, so a specific trip is in order.It may be in part because I haven't had good Mexican food in so long, but I was very impressed and satisfied by Honest Tom's Taco Shop. I  went with three other people so I was lucky enough to try the chicken tacos, steak and yucca tacos, sweet potato tacos, and a chicken burrito. While my favorite was the burrito, everything was delicious. That coupled with the outdoor seating on a beautiful Saturday night made for an ideal dining experience.I don't even like Mexican food, and I voluntarily eat at Honest Tom's! 
The pork burrito is fantastic.  (I order the non-spicy version)
Not much seating in the little place, but customer service is fantastic.Wow this place is great!!! I love their delicious tacos and burritos. I eat the fish tacos even though I'm allergic to pineapple -- they are that good. Chef Ricky Danz and his sidekick Honest Tom really make it happen. 
My only qualms with this establishment is that it feels deeply unfair that they wouldn't serve nachos?!!!? I mean... I don't think I"m asking too much. 
Thank GOD there's an amazing popsicle store next door so that when I can't have any nachos after my delicious burrito and an ice cold seltz I can go have some tasty desserts.Hands down my favorite taco place in West Philly!  The breakfast tacos on Sunday are fantastic.  The chicken tacos (or burrito if you're really hungry) are my favorite from the regular menu, the sweet potato ones are also a big win for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike.  The specials are also always excellent in my experience.  The fish tacos were around for a while, and those are definitely awesome, but I think they're gone now.  Just recently tried the shrimp tacos and those were also spectacular (although maybe not quite as good as the fish ones).  And always always get some hot sauce!The perfect College taco bar. Quantities are generous food is delicious served really quickly. Places a little rowdy but ok. I brought my seven and 5 year old there and we all had a great time. Service was really friendly and courteous. Just what you'd imagine from its name. And you won't spend a lot of moneyJust moved in a few blocks away, and my girlfriend was casing out this joint for some time before finally convincing me to get off my lazy ass and go.  Very glad she did!  
The food here is really fresh and delicious.  I've tried just about everything on the menu at least once and it's all awesome.  I'd say the only thing I'm not a huge fan of are the items with sweet potato (the only vegetarian option, I believe).
The reason I'm giving this place 4 stars, and not 5, is for the price.  $6 for 2 tacos is a bit out of my "rational spending zone."  Additionally, the 2 tacos that you do order probably won't fill you up entirely, forcing you to buy 2 more tacos.  If they had a 3 tacos for $8 deal, a 4 tacos for $10 deal, or something of that nature, this place would be perfect.I have been to Honest Tom's a few times and it is a great little taco place. 
Last week, I had the opportunity to have breakfast at this casual spot. I ordered egg tacos and a cold brew. The tacos were very delicious since the ingredients were fresh and everything was made in house. The coffee was very strong and tasty. If you enjoy Honest Tom's during the pm, I would recommend considering it for an am meal. As for service, everyone on staff was upbeat and pleasant (even though it was early).Great food at great prices. Started as a food cart selling breakfast tacos and earned enough for a permanent shop. Burritos are 8.75$ but a very generous portion   Varieties include beef pork chicken sweet potato and even vegan.  They also have tacos quesadillas chips and sodas, but the only no-sugar option is flavored seltzer.  Great for takeout too!I was undecided about what to eat for dinner but I can always eat tacos (or pizza) so I gave this place a try. I ordered 2 chicken tacos and chips with Pico - the tacos were ok; the chicken was seasoned well but the Pico on the tacos surprisingly didn't have much flavor so I was a little disappointed... The chips, which were house made, were delicious and again, the Pico was bland so I couldn't really enjoy the chips muchThis is a really cute place and I had been looking forward to coming here for awhile . I was craving a burrito and my usual food truck isn't open on the weekends :( However I found the burritos to be lacking. The chicken was pretty dry- which to me is the main crux of the meal. However the yummy guac and spicy salsas definitely helped save it. In addition, the cashier was pretty unfriendly, as if it was a chore to serve me.  The girl who called out my name when my food was ready, in contrast, was friendly. Lastly, I was surprised that this burrito was ~9.50. Is tax really a whole dollar? Once again, my food truck burritos are way better and less pricey (plus it comes out to an even dollar amount). I don't mind paying more, especially for a sit down place with multiple employees, but I expect the quality to be just as good as the cheaper places I go to.Honest Tom's is a fantastic taco shop with great food, and an awesome menu. Do not let the words "plant based" discourage you :) It is great for anyone.I went here on a Friday afternoon and it was packed with students and lots of people dining alfresco, good sign! The beef tacos with guacamole were FANTASTIC! One of the diners warned me not to get the burrito unless I was REALLY HUNGRY! I wasn't but the tacos were plenty and good!The tacos are amazing. I love that they use a corn tortilla shell, instead of flour (although you can request flour). It really changes the flavor of the taco for the better, and I much prefer the texture. I'm partial to the chicken, but friends have ordered the beef and the sweet potato and said it was delicious. 
The salsa/pico de gallo is absurdly good, and the tortilla chips are perfect (crispy, not flimsy, non-greasy, and not too salty). 
My only wish is that they had queso on the menu, and offered some more seating inside (I think they could manage, if they rearranged things and had a more space conscious set up).Honest Tom's, you blow Chiptole way out of the water! You are quite out of the way when in a rush but it was well worth the trip! I ordered the Yuca  & Steak burrito and everything about it was amazing! Your ingredients were fresh and the quantity was perfect! At only a little over $8 you are well worth the price!Love their tacos and burritos! Basic fresh ingedients make it soooo good! I've been here a handful of times and they never fail me. The place is small and seats are usually full so I takeout. The prices are pretty good too!Delectable tacos for reasonable prices.
HIGHLY recommend the fish tacos. The first time I tried them, I was blown away. They literally melt in your mouth. 
I also think the sweet potato tacos are tasty, and unique! 
The guac is also fresh and delish.
More than the taste of the food, though, I love the atmosphere. Tom has been there every time I've ordered, and he's so friendly and helpful. It's a cute, intimate shop, and I like it that way. I also still love the truck. And when I'm lazy, I love that you can get delivery now!This is as good as it gets for a breakfast burrito. This is the pinnacle of perfection. The eggs are soft and fluffy, the meat nicely portioned and the potatoes are fantastic. The burrito you receive is about a third bigger than a burrito at Chipotle and twice the flavor. They very clearly use fresh ingredients and care about the food they serve.
But the crowning jewel of Tom's is their variety of homemade sauces and salsas. All of them are in a tie for the best sauce ever.I have dreams about Honest Tom's- it's that good. I had heard all about the truck, but never got to experience it, so I was very excited when the storefront opened. I think I average eating there about once a week, but it's probably a good thing I don't live closer! I have tried every single thing on the menu, but the steak and yucca burrito is the absolute BEST. The breakfast burritos are awesome too and I love that it's low key, has a veggie option, and has outdoor seating. Absolutely no complaints.The food was very very salty - inedibly so..and when I complained, staff argued with me saying sure its a little bit salty, but not VERY salty, and had no alternatives or solutions to offer.This was my first try of Honest Tom's.  I've never been able to make it to the truck, so when the store opened I was very excited.  After getting back to the city from a tennis match, I figured I could stop there on my way home for some breakfast tacos.  I placed my order for two with bacon.  They come pretty stuffed with only one layer of tortilla, so they are a bit messy, and at $6 for 2 a little more expensive than I'm used to paying for tacos.  They are really good though.  The ingredients are very fresh, and everything is prepared when you order it.  I only had to wait about 3 minutes, and they were nicely packed and ready for me to eat when I got home.  I'll be back to try the breakfast burrito and some of the non-breakfast options.  The interior space is small, but there are counter seats and a big table.  Good for a group if you go at an off time, otherwise I imagine it gets crowded.Ran two miles to get here since the shop was closing at 9pm and I had 15 minutes to get there. I ordered a carnitas burrito. I'm mexican and from California. This was a bomb burrito. Great atmosphere as well.Tried their beef burrito again and it was SOOO greasy.
I took the burrito out and put it on a plate. After 5 minutes, it was sitting in a pool of oil. I couldn't eat more than a quarter of the burrito. They definitely didn't drain the beef after cooking it.
The burrito had good flavor but the overwhelming greasiness was off putting.
Only giving stars for the pleasantness of the workers.Honest Toms is amazing!! My husband and I have been craving these burritos weekly since we started eating them many years ago. Also, these guys seriously know how to come through and show up! Background: five days before our rehearsal dinner for 80, our other caterer backed out due to an emergency. Husband and I freaked out for 4 minutes before calling up the first place we could think of with delicious tacos- honest Toms. Not only did Tom immediately send us a text PDF of their catering menu, but he also assured us that he could make it happen, no problem. One contract, 4 days, and a reasonable credit card bill later, honest Toms had set up a delicious and user friendly taco bar at our venue, and people were raving.I've had their tacos twice, once before they morphed into a West Philly taqueria, and once at the new shop. Both times I was disappointed.  The first time I chalked up my experience due to them overreaching as my tacos tasted nothing like they were supposed to taste(ie. curry chicken taco tasted nothing like curry and was bland, etc). The tacos were also pricey, at around 10 dollars for 3.
       The shop itself is a cozy place that has a chill/relaxed vibe to it.  The kitchen is open, so you can see them prepare your food as you wait. I had a chicken and a pork taco, with a carryout order of a sweet potato burrito for my g/f. Both the chicken and the pork taco meat wasn't really that flavorful. In addition  the tacos weren't big enough to justify their individual price tags. My g/f liked her sweet potato burrito, and after eating the 1/2 she didn't eat, I concurred with her opinion. It was much tastier than the tacos I'd had there.
     The service I got at the shop was pretty decent . The servers were friendly and they checked up on me while I was eating.
      It's highly ironic that their tacos are so mediocre considering its their specialty and namesake.  If I wanted tacos and I was in West Philly, I'd rather go a few extra blocks and get the al pastor tacos at Guacamole.Where do I eeeeven begin. Probably like this:
Honest Tom's is greater than Chipotle is greater than Qdoba is greater than any other burrito you've had. 
And that's saying a lot because Chipotle has my heart. 
Don't let outward appearances fool you. It's a small hole-in-the wall place but extremely delicious. They prepare everything fresh and are super speedy. But it you're really pressed for time just call it in so you can walk in and pick it up. (It's great...I have them on speed dial). 
You really can't go wrong with any burrito option, but my personal fav is chicken. I mean any place that can make you like guacamole after you never thought you would is definitely doing something right. 
I also highly suggest stopping by before 12pm sometime to get their breakfast burrito. It's well worth it. Trust me. Food is my life. You won't regret going here.