I don't get what all the hype is. Yes, this place is convenient and the closest thing to a diner on this part of South St., but it's nothing to write home about. I just don't get all the hype. I find the crowd huddled on the steps every Saturday and Sunday morning amusing. It's just not the great. 
First off...the waitstaff...I feel like they are constantly putting on a hipster act and that i am at one of those themed restaurants in Disney World where the staff is a group of struggling actresses and actors. 
The last time I ate here I had an extremely bizarre experience involving what seemed to be a regular homeless customer yelling at the management for some chicken wings. We were of course waiting at that point around 1/2 hour for our table (in which 3 groups of hipster friends were sat before us despite their arrival time by their hipster hostess friend) 
I can name at least 4 other breakfast/brunch places in town that Honey's doesn't even compare to.Went here for dinner and got the Shakshuka. It was very spicy but very good. Very good service and it's BYOB. Definitely want to check it out for brunch one day but I know it's crazy at those times. Come for dinner and you'll be pleasantly surprisedThis is a solid breakfast place with a diner feel. Cash only. It's not grungy or greasy. Great potato latkes (best with applesauce). Pancakes are love 'em or hate 'em (I loved them). Interesting menu, but also many of the standards, like omelettes. Honey Cristo is good. Fantastic weekday specials before 9 am.The country fried steak was unbelievable! Beware you will get a food coma afterwards.This will probably be my go-to neighborhood brunch place. Affordable prices, reasonable wait times (relative to other brunch places), and **byob**! Orange juice by the pitcher for mimosas is listed as market price, which is a bit odd. But it was about $20 when we went. Worth it to check out. Get there early to avoid long waits!The food is ok and the wait for brunch is out of control. I don't think the wait justifies the food and being cash only is just annoying. I'd recommend other brunch places even with similar waits because they mostly have better food. The eggs at brunch were dry. I've also had dinner here. There's hardly a wait and the food is still just ok.Yum! This place serves exactly what you'd picture when you think of a hearty, classic, traditional American breakfast. I enjoyed the bottomless coffee, and the waitress kindly brought me a small mini-pitcher of milk instead of cream when I asked. The wait can be long if you have a large group, but as a table for 2, we were seated immediately. 
Also: CASH ONLY!Finally made it to Honey's! I came on a Wednesday afternoon to avoid the line on the weekend, and didn't have to wait, but it was still surprisingly busy. Overall, we had a great experience, and I look forward to coming back here in the future.
Honey's is Southern-inspired, and their decor is very vintage-y and rustic: a lot of wood, old signs, etc. I loved it!
While their regular menu looked great, their specials (written on the chalkboard on the wall) were what really caught my eye. The pecan pie pancakes were very intriguing, but I was in more of a savory mood, so I decided to get the Fried Cheese Grilled Cheese, which comes with tomato soup. 
I was happy with my dish. The grilled cheese was scrumptious, and the caramelized onions were the perfect touch. While the tomato soup was a little salty, I liked having it to dip my grilled cheese into. I finished the whole thing, which is usually impossible for me and most brunch dishes, but I was stuffed. 
Great experience overall, and would recommend it. The service was great as well. The only thing that takes away a star for me is the lack of a real "oomph" factor - I do think most of the dishes are traditional breakfast items, but cooked very well.I feel confident that I can bump Honey's up to a 4 star review after several more visits.  The Honey Cristo is truly great and the specials are always interesting and well executed.  My only remaining issue is that the omelets tend to be somewhat dry and cheeseless, which really doesn't do it for me.I was coaxed to try this place out again after a long absence. I'm glad I did! They changed their menu, and now tofu scramble just like ordering an omelette. They let you pick all your fixings to add into it. They also give you a much better portion of tofu than before. Thanks for making the change guys!
I still refuse to wait 90 minutes for a seat though. Go during off peak hours and get breakfast for dinner.My best friend & I spent the weekend in Philadelphia for Made in America. We were in dire need of great food! So we asked a friend who was familiar with the area & she recommended Honeys' Sit N Eat. The location was pretty good! I was able to find parking quickly. We caught the brunch rush so there was about a 15 minute wait, but it seemed like 5 mins. The restaurant itself is small & tight knit but that makes it all the more amazing! The ambience was extremely fitting, cool, comfy & somewhat of a southern vintage feel! I loved it!  
My best friend & I actually ordered the same thing just in different variations. We built our own omelets  with a side of potatoes ( I had the Latke & she had home fries) homemade biscuit (SO GOOD)  a buttermilk pancake & fresh squeezed OJ. The list of ingredients for omelets was pretty long. The first 3 fillings are complimentary then there's a $.75 charge for any additional. I had chorizo, tomatoes , scallions & cheddar. Yum! Everything was fresh! Delicious! The presentation was even good! Our waitress was a sweetheart as well, making out dining experience even more delightful.   
We spent about $20 each which is great for brunch! Oh! Honeys is CASH ONLY! So be prepared, there was an ATM inside but it was out of order. Whenever I go back to Philadelphia I'll for sure be visiting Honeys'Meh.
Had the breakfast enchilada.  It was okay.  So was the coffee.  So were the reactions of my five friends, who got other things.  Underwhelming.  Fine, but overpriced for what it was.  Really, really, nothing special.  Not bad, but also not particularly good.  I got the very distinct impression that they have a higher opinion of themselves than what is warranted.  Ingredients, presentation, price, etc. all have room for improvement.Hello new graduate hospital neighborhood brunch spot! After what seemed like forever this place finally opened right across the street from tenstone and right next to city fitness gym (which is where i needed to go after my feast).
First and foremost this place is BYOB so don't forget your champagne to go with the freshly squeezed OJ. This place attracts tons of families so be prepared for some noise in the dining area and a wait during weekend brunch hours. Food-wise, as soon as I saw the honey cristo on the menu I knew it was for me. The thickness of the challah french toast is not for those carb watchers but combined with the fresh ham and cheese makes this dish a fantastic power brunch option. I asked for extra syrup which then took it a step further into the dessert zone. Boom, the complete meal.
Great service throughout the meal too, I'm buying what this place is selling (cash only folks).I used to be a frequent patron at Honey's Northern Liberties location when I lived in that part of town yet moved into Gray's Ferry about 4 years ago.  So lacking in my life was the comforting cuisine that is Honey's.  But no more!  The new location on South Street is close, and frankly, quite awesome.
The good things they've done before pretty much replicates itself in their new location.  It's a fairly large dining area with a good amount of window seats.  It's a little bit more impersonal though, but it's new and they'll be growing into their new home I'm sure.  Our server was great, she was very attentive and speedy, and had a friendly, pleasant attitude.  Very welcoming.
The menu is identical to the NoLib locale.  Yesterday, I dined on the Vegetarian Country Fried Steak.  It's not steak like at all, it's shredded veggies with a fried coating  and it's delicious and filling.  It has a generous thick cream sauce on top and I chose grilled asparagus and seared brussels sprouts as sides.  The asparagus was perfect, brussels sprouts overdone.  It also comes with a buttermilk biscuit, very good, but much sweeter then a run of the mill biscuit.  I also had a Homemade Limeade, refreshing and tasty, not too sweet or bitter.  They don't take credit cards BTW, annoying, but I get it.
On a side note, they are always running vegan or vegetarian specials, which is rare and wonderful.  This place is just so great, I'll be back again and again.The potato latkes and chicken fried steak are my favorites here - unique, tasty, and filling. Some of the items off the weekend breakfast menu are a little overpriced for what you get, imo, but overall this is a convenient place to have casual brunch with friends in grad hospital.This is currently my favorite breakfast spot: excellent food (and lots of vegan, gluten-free, etc options), good for groups, and the nicest staff ever. I love that they are flexible with substitutions--this makes it great for my and my partner's variety of food issues.
My list of must-try menu items:
(1) the enfrijoladas (try them vegan)
(2) the potato latke
(3) the fresh-squeezed juice (sometimes, they even have blood orange)
(4) the vegetarian reuben sandwich
(5) the biscuits and gravyThis place always hits the spot! The breakfast is delicious and Extremely tasty but that is all I have ever had! 100% yumm!I ordered the fried chicken sandwich special, and while it was good-- it was offensively small for $12. It appeared that they took a chicken tender and put it on a sandwich with pickles and buttermilk sauce. They should have served at least twice as much chicken... a breast? half breast? I also had hash browns with pepper and onions, but they skimped in the peppers and onions too :(If you can weather the hour-plus wait on saturday and sunday mornings (or can manage to get up early) this place is well worth it .  Perfect for a quick healthy breakfast or an indulgent brunch with friends and champagne.  Their orange juice is incredible and fresh squeezed.  
- Chicken Fingers are fantastic, really some of the best ever!
- The Mac and Cheese is unbelievable and the size of the side is perfect
- Pastrami Reuben is ginormous and so flavorfulI live right across the street so naturally go here often. The breakfast is the best part of the place. Huevos r anchceros and the breakfast combo are my favorites. The lunch menu could be improved as most of the items are heavy sandwiches. Staff is friendly and on point. Always a good experience here.I want to love this place, I really do. But I've decided that it's not worth the 20 min-1.5 hour wait for brunch. There are plenty of places in this city to get brunch, and I'm not sure Honey's offers anything too special. 
20 minute wait to get in. We waited for our food for what felt like forever, since our waiter never came back to refill coffee and waters, even though he walked by us 20 times and we kept trying to stop him. 2 hours later when we left, it just wasn't worth it. This location offers dinner, which is great, since there is usually no wait for that, and it's BYO. Plus, you can order off the breakfast menu.
I think my biggest gripe is the up charge for tofu substitutions. It's an extra $2, which is the cost of a whole package. You're lucky to get a small sprinkle in your meal. Even the tofu scramble plate is 1/3 green pepper, 1/3 onion, and only 1/3 tofu. Super super disappointing. 
2 stars for brunch.
3.5 stars for dinner.Honey's is a neat-looking establishment that has a nice brunch menu. In terms of the customer experience, I thought there was a lot left to be desired. From the moment we were greeted, the host was an order giver and the waiting process was opaque at best.
To compound the wait, several tables sat open for over 10 minutes to accompany server shift changes rather than prioritize the customer. The food was okay, but the organization doesn't prioritize the customer experience first and for that reason, I would not recommend this restaurant.Meh.  They love to charge you if you ask for extra condiments. Which is unacceptable. Why not just raise the menu price. Food is ok. Nothing special.Amazing food!! I would highly recommended eating at Honey's. We are breakfast, but I'm sure the lunch is great too!!I feel somewhat mixed about Honey's... Love that it's so close by, but the food is hit-or-miss and can be pricey for what you get.  The first time I ate there I had the breakfast quesadilla... which was bland.  How do you make all that cheese, avocado crema, pico de gallo tasteless?  Plus, WAY overpriced for what I got.  $12 + $2.75 for coffee, ended up being almost a $20 breakfast (and no cocktail).  The second time I went specifically to try their weekday breakfast special - two eggs, side, toast, coffee for $3.95.  That's $1.20 more than the coffee alone.  Delicious, and a great deal!  7-9 am M-F!  Try it!Somehow the brunch gods smiled upon us on a sunny morning because for this party of 2, there was no line at Honey's.  Well there was a line, but not for our duo.  Service was good, though it took a bit of time to get our waters.  It was fine as I was happy with my coffee. 
I couldn't decide so I opted for the Honey's platter that had a little of everything.  It was a solid plate of food - and my pancakes were the star.  My partner had the biscuits with vegetarian gravy and was a very happy camper.   
They don't take plastics here, so make sure you have cash.  I did notice a lot of kids here, so if you have youngin's of your own, this might be the place for you.Attentive, friendly service, but lackluster flavors. We had the special omelette with brisket and the farmer's egg platter; the eggs were dry and underseasoned in the special, and the side of grits was especially disappointing (flavorless), especially after being reassured by our server that 'there is nothing bad on the menu'. The pancakes we ordered were adequate. 
Our server and the host were each very pleasant, but the mediocre cooking is my lasting impression. I had a good experience a little over two years ago at the nolibs location, and this pales in comparison. I hope in the future that honey's considers ways to inspire their cooks more or takes efforts to maintain better quality control.A great place to grab a quick and simple meal, as long as it's not a weekend breakfast when the lines snake outside the door for miles.This place really knows how to treat customers and serve a good plate. Very creative breakfast and brunch items. I especially liked the eggs Benedict with chorizo sausage. Next time I try this place I will get the chicken fried steak I heard it's really good. Even though this place can get packed on the weekend for breakfast or brunch the staff is usually pretty smooth on getting people through to a table.Honeys delivers, from the fresh squeezed juices to the variety of down home, vegan, and meatatarian delights on the breakfast menu. From pancakes to enfrijoladas (sp?), it's all good.Crowded as usual...lousy music..competent hosts..polite waitress....barely warm overcooked  omelettes and deep fried potato triangles they call latkes (not even close)...and lousy coffee..Why it  is so popular is a testimony to the seemingly low standards of the clientele. Don't know why it is so popular.Am I the only person who's not a huge fan of Honey's? Maybe I'm ordering wrong, but I prefer a savory breakfast so I've never gotten the pancakes.  Whenever I've come here, whatever eggs and toast I get are usually drowning in butter, and the serving sizes aren't very generous.  The latkes are fine but nothing special, and they charge extra for applesauce and sour cream. Speaking of which, the last time I went, out waiter was doing a whole lot of upcharging without letting us know what was complementary and what would be added to our bill.  This is clearly a people-pleaser and a good place for a group breakfast, but if you're planning on waiting in line somewhere, I would choose Sabrina's.Seasonal specials are a great excuse to hit this joint. Another reason would be their typical breakfast 2 egg special or the pancake special for only $5 7-9 am. They serve La Colombe coffee! Do I need to say more? Service is always great. The place does get jam packed for brunch over the weekends.  We usually go during weekdays. Good place for breakfast, brunch, and lunch. Kid friendly ambiance and very accommodating.Honey's is great. They don't try to be something they are not, the service is friendly and the atmosphere is casual enough that anyone should be comfortable. I also like that this location has a ton of space. 
The wait can be daunting but that is because they have developed a solid reputation for great food. Generally they get brunch reviews so am mixing it up by focusing on dinner. 
Am always happy there and it's one of the most affordable great dinners to be had (plus it's BYO) and if I wanted to order breakfast for dinner I could.so glad this place has finally opened!  they promise dinner hours soon, but for now, it's 7am-5pm.  i went for takeout today, and had the toad in a hole, featuring challah, some habanero jack, and truffle oil.  it was great, and i'm so glad that the second location is up and running.  i'm told that they're calling it "honey's sit 'n eat on south" as the "official" title of this place.  the interior is brighter than the original location, but the menu looks to be the same: http://honeyssitneat.com/menu/
cash only, ATM available inside.Neighborhood comfort food at its best. Good variety prepared well. Great for weekday breakfast or weekend brunch. Can get crowded, so plan ahead.Their new location just opened in my neighborhood. I love there food and their employees are awesome!! very nice and excellent service.Devoted fans are we of the NoLibs Honey's (where parking can be a challenge), and we often lamented that terrific breakfast locations are not as plentiful downtown as we would like.   When a friend shared news of Honey's expansion, we were simultaneously ecstatic and trepidatious.   All too often the second location of a successful eatery is a disappointment (and we feared that a poor experience at the new location would spoil our affection for the original one).   Presumably, it is difficult to maintain the same levels of quality and service across multiple locations (unless you are McDonald's).  
Happily, this is not the case with Honey's on South. Here, one will find the same wonderful, diverse and somewhat eccentric menu as the original.  The Huevos Rancheros, my husband's addiction, were bite-for-bite as well conceived and executed as the original.   "Nom-nom" sounds filled the air on his side of the table.  Meanwhile, my Enfrijoladas were perfect (especially with extra guacamole).   I dream about the little microgreen salad that adorns this dish.
The La Colombe coffee, natch, was as good and plentiful here as at the original location and the service was as attentive.   The only smallish disappointment is that the interior of this location is not as rustic and charming as the original.
We look forward to many happy returns.Was looking for a new place to try and bring out of town friends.   I remembered Honey's that I pass driving to work every day, but had not tried since moving here.  I was amazed at the spacious, sunny interior and country store style decor.  The bar style seating was so fun and unique.  
The waitress was very friendly and immediately offered to start us off with some water and coffee.  Recommendations were given for the food since there were so many options to choose from on the menu and specials.  Ultimately, we all went with options off of the specials list and were not left disappointed!  The presentation was beautiful and the meal combinations were well thought out and carefully crafted.  The portions were perfect sizes-not the 'stuff your face' size of some diners, but left you full and satisfied.  
I always comment on the coffee at a breakfast place because that is so important.  The coffee here fit the bill with everything else and was quite good and hot!
We were too late for the breakfast bargains (7-9am), but there are two options with coffee for only $4.95...how awesome is that?!?!
We were told that they are now servicing dinner and for BYOB- I will definitely be back with other guests or Philadelphian friends.After having been out of the country for two months and with only three hours of sleep and a very empty stomach, I headed into Honey's Sit n' Eat on South Street for some good old fashion American brunch. Unlike the Honey's in Northern Liberties, this Honey's had no wait. It was 9AM on a Saturday and we got seated immediately. Also unlike its counterpart in Northern Liberties is the spacious feeling of the establishment. Sunlight permeated the dining area, morning chatter filled up the room, and the smell of coffee aroused my senses.
We both got the Honey Cristo - mine had French toasts stuffed with ham and Swiss cheese. With the gloomy weather outside, the sunny side eggs that lied on top of the plate was deliciously wonderful.
We were undecided about dessert, but the waiter swore by the carrot cake. So, we split it. When the slice of heaven came, I was secretly hoping that my foodie mate wasn't that hungry anymore, because one bite of it made me want not just the slice, but the whole pie.
Altogether, my experience here was much better than the one in Northern Liberties. The wait was nonexistent (for us), the atmosphere was relaxing, and the food was what American comfort food is all about.I have been looking forward to eating at Honey's since it's such a popular brunch spot. I went there today and I have to say that the breakfast bomb that I ordered (pancake stuffed with scrambled eggs and your choice of breakfast meat) was not as good as I thought it'd be. The eggs were a little on the dry side and the pancake wasn't really the fluffy type but more chewy for me. Overall I had a positive experience. The potato latke was very good and the staff were nice.Great brunch spot! Decided to come here for brunch on a Thursday to avoid the weekend brunch crowd and everything was good! We came with a big group and were seated immediately at the large community table. The restaurant has this one large community table that can seat about 15-20 people (not sure the exact number) and then many smaller private tables. We brought a couple bottles of champagne and these were quickly open for us.
For food, our waiter suggested we try the daily special, a Mac and cheese pancake. To say we were skeptical would be an understatement, but we decided to order one and split it between the 8 of us. I'm so glad we did! It was phenomenal, I'm not sure I ever want to/can go back to eating regular pancakes again. The Mac and cheese is actually added to the pancake batter and baked in there and then goldfish crumbs were sprinkled on top. It came with syrup, but I think I preferred it without. To whoever came up with this brilliant combo, I salute you.  For my meal I tried the huevos rancheros with chorizo and it was a delicious blend of Mexican goodness. 
The other pro about Honey's is that the food is pretty cheap! For our meal we all ended up paying about $20 each. Just make sure to bring cash as its a cash only restaurant!Had brunch at 10 am it was delightful and good crowd, good bacon and coffee, you may have to wait at the rush times. Try the honey cristo really good. I will be back. Cash only.I loved Honey's for breakfast.
I was stunningly hungover so couldn't manage a standard stodgy breakfast so had a deep fried banana split for breakfast.  Anywhere that has the option of banana split for breakfast is a winner in my book.
The service was friendly, there was a nice busy buzz and the rest of my party's traditional breakfasts were yum.  
And a big plus for me. The toast came buttered whilst it was still warm which seems to be a challenging feat in most restaurants in the States.
Scrumptious.Wonderful brunch venue in University City and Fishtown/Northern Liberties (I believe?). No reservations and cash only so be prepared to wait or go at a weird non-brunch time! All dishes are fresh and well prepared. Love the giant pancake. Cheap and easy way to get fullMy daughter has been trying to get me here for over a year - she is a regular Honey's Brunch customer.
We finally went during the week and at 11:30am it was busy. Some people were waiting for tables. Love the atmosphere here - the host was a nice guy who checked in on us - bringing water etc. Our waitress was super cool and attentive. 
I ordered a special they had on the board - something with chimichurri sauce and flank steak - this had good flavor but the steak could have used more time marinating to make it more tender. The white rice was hard. Black beans were ok. Eggs over easy were good. 
My daughter had something with the word "bomb" in it - looked like a pancake stuffed with scrambled eggs and sausage - and a side of potato latkes. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head when she tasted her food - she said it was awesome!
Coffee was good and strong.
I agree with some others that it's a bit overpriced but I enjoyed the place overall and would go back again happily to try some other dishes.A great place to have breakfast. This is my first trip to Philly and Honey's kicked my day off right. Everything we tried was good including the coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice. The 100% Maple Syrup took me back to childhood. When they say giant pancake they are big the topping were great and the omelet cooked just right.I was very excited to have this location opening so close to home and I was also fortunate enough to grab my first meal on a weekday. I was able to get a table with my girlfriend with no wait, and we enjoyed a great meal. The honey fried chicken finger platter was beyond delicious and the homemade ranch and hush puppies were added bonuses to an already awesome meal.
If you're planning on going on a busier day, such as the weekend, be prepared for a loooonnnng wait. Such as the 45 minutes on the most recent Saturday trip around 11am.Ok. So I've visited twice on my short trip to Philly. First time with 7 other family and friends. Breakfast was awesome and service great. Five star worthy. I come back solo two days later and sit at the counter. I arrive at 8:57 am, get cash out of their ATM (no credit cards allowed) and get seated at 9. Server comes over at 9:05. We are discussing menu options and I want the bargain special, which is served from 7-9 am. She says it's not available. I ask if I can have it since I sat down at 9, and she is obviously not happy about acquiescing, which she does. Makes me feel like the bad guy for even asking. And trust me, I was looking at the time when I arrived. The good will a business can generate by just being generous - when it comes to something like this - is worth so much. You turn someone off with an attitude, and it kills everything. No matter how good the coffee and bacon are.Pretty tasty and friendly service. The tofu scramble was a little too salty for my liking but not horrible. The biscuit and potatoes were delicious. Halfway through our meal, my friend mentioned to the waiter that her grits were burned at the bottom and she replaced it, giving her a latke free of charge. Overall good food and I would eat here again.My wife and I love Honey's.  We've both lived chunks of our lives in the south and we were looking for a good basic southern diner.  In Honey's we've found some of our favorite southern dishes with some interesting twists.  We've been going there regularly for two years.  It's consistently excellent.  As a result, we regularly take visiting friends and family to eat there.  In particular, my wife (who is vegetarian) loves Jeb's biscuits and gravy.  The staff and management are also solid making us feel at home even though the place is often slammed.  I can't say enough good things about this place.I had breakfast this morning at Honey's. I love this place. Our waiter was wonderful. He helped me to find the appropriate breakfast combo that actually saved me money. However, the first thing that I noticed was the heat. I really feel sorry for the servers who have to run around  for eight hours. I was told that there was recently a repair. However, it does not seem adequate for the space.
I also regret that one cannot pay with a credit card. I don't find a cash machine a solution. In any event, I will go back, probably many times.Eh... not impressed at all after almost an hour of waiting.
It was very brooklyn meets philadelphia in a hipster sort of way. I don't mean that in a complimentary way either. Exposed ceiling with poorly nailed upon boards, reclaimed decor, and a very hipster-I'm-so-cool-feel. The waiting area was packed, the service pretty unattentive, and the food took too long to come out.
I usually like to order specials because they should be delicious, you know... in a mf special sort of manner. The brisket florentine was special, but in an underwhelming way. The house made brisket itself was delicious, but it came under poached eggs and soggy spinach with a flavorless holladaise sauce poured over it. I think it may have been the spinach, but then mixed with the sauce and egg yolk, it just became a huge watery mess. My side order of home fries became drenched in the water puddle on my plate and while I finished everything, i was pretty high on my list of mediocre brunch experiences.
My companions ordered the more traditional menu items of pancakes, eggs, sandwiches etc and that's probably where I erred. They seemed to heartly enjoyed their meals, but I wanted brunch, not breakfast or lunch. This is supposed to be special and delicious... but no.
Oh and it was funny, they actually forgot my meal at first. The other 3 orders came out and a 2nd waitress came out with a plate of home fries and biscuits, sides that were also ordered, then she looks at me and was like 'oh... did you order something?'Do you want to hear a secret? Maybe I shouldn't even put this in writing? Maybe you already know this one and are about to laugh at me, but....
Go to a brunch place during non-brunch hours! Ingenious, right? 
So I ended up at Honey's Sit 'n Eat last week with my husband and a friend. We had been across the street at Ten Stone with Honey's just staring us in the face and calling our names. So we wandered across the street sometime in the 4 o'clock hour. 
We were greeted and seated right away. Now I was a newbie to Honey's, but this wasn't my first brunch rodeo. I've heard the hype about this place and couldn't image that ever happening in the prime of brunch time on a Sunday morning. 
The solid service continued. Although they were closing around 5, but never felt rushed or unwanted. 
I went with the breakfast quesadilla which consisted of scrambled eggs, cheddar and pepper jack cheeses served with refried beans, pico de gallo and avocado sour cream sauce. I opted for an additional avocado and it was like half an avocado. You could tell the quesadilla was freshly made with a nice tortilla and the eggs were recently scrambled. My only grip was that there really wasn't much of the beans, pico or avocado sour cream. They were almost hidden under one piece of quesadilla. The extra avocado was a clutch addition. 
They don't take credit card but they have an ATM on premise. 
I had a quick and tasty experience, and would definitely return at a similar odd hour. Sunday morning brunch is so last year. Sunday late afternoon brunch is where it's at.Typical brunch food - classic, easy, nothing special.  Would say not worth over an hour wait. Street parking is relatively easy to find. Rustic, mom-and-pop-shop vibe. 
Potato Latke - was more like fried potato cake. Was expecting something more of a potato pancake. Comes with a side of sour cream or apple sauce. 
Giant Pancakes - When they say giant, they mean humongous! It took all 3 of us to finish the two giant pancakes. 
Eggs Benedict - Nothing too fancy about this. 
Buffalo Cauliflower - Definitely one of the better things on the menu! It's a great alternative to buffalo wings. Comes with blue cheese dressing and celery sticks on the side. 
Country Fried Steak and Gravy with Two Eggs - Runny egg yolk, relatively standard dish. 
Definitely a plus was the free coffee refills, which lets everyone drink up to their heart's content.Went to honeys recently and not sure we will go back. Staff is not only pretty caught up in being hip, but our particular server seemed almost annoyed by having to wait on us, and only came over after I asked hostess if anyone would be serving our table (after about 10 minutes of sitting with no one even coming to get us coffee). Food is good - taters and biscuits are especially yummy - tho $4 for 2 pieces of bacon (literally) is way too much. (If you are going to charge $4 for a side, at least give the customer $4 worth of it). All in all as much as I would love to love honeys, the loves not there and we will have breakfast elsewhere in the future.First and foremost, I'm not saying Honey's gave me and my roommates food poisoning for sure, but I am saying that shortly afterwards we all came home and fought over the bathroom, and then laid around feeling terrible. That is my biggest, but by no means only, gripe with Honey's. 
The food was ridiculously overpriced, and terribly bland and unimpressive. There was nothing special whatsoever about our dishes, and I would never go out of my way to go back there, even if we didn't all have such bad reactions to the food there. The service was also bland and cold. 
Not taking credit or debit cards is completely absurd. It's 2015 and there is no reason that food that overpriced shouldn't be able to cover whatever nominal credit card fees there might be. 
I would definitely never recommend this place to anyone. It was a terrible experience I hope never to repeat.Some of the best pulled chicken taco's I have had in a long time. I am not a huge fan of their breakfast items but the guacamole, salsa, and taco's are great. My daughter also loves the enfrijoladas.Typically a consistently good place to eat. Friendly people and great french toast and bacon!Just finished our third visit to honeys this morning.  Kids loved it of course - awesome challah French toast. The apple sauce that can be ordered along side the latkes is sweeter and stickier than we prefer but the latkes them selves are great.    If ordering an omelet be sure to add brisket - awesome.   Blueberry jam on the table is always a big hit.Delicious brunch!  Well worth the 20 minute wait for a table.  The coffee was rich and free flowing.  The orange juice tasted like it was fresh squeezed.  I love that you can order a single pancake (which is plenty large).  Also love that for $2 you can upgrade to real maple syrup, which arrives at the table in an adorable individual bottle.  The bacon was very lean, perfectly cooked and completely delicious.  The service was friendly and efficient.  I can't wait to go back!Always one of my favorite brunch and dinner places! Desserts are awesome too. Make sure to be there crack ass of dawn on the weekends.This was our first time at this location. We were loyal customers at the nolib location and had been meaning to check this one out and today just happened to be the day. There was no waiting for a table at 2:30 on a Sunday. The menu has all our favorite comfort foods so it's always hard to choose. My daughter ordered the brisket sandwich which just tasted amazing but also quite messy. My son and my husband both ordered the bagels and smoked fish. Just as good as the best Jewish deli bagel sandwich! Very satisfying! Service was great. Everything was so fresh and great atmosphere. Just wish we didn't have to make sure we had enough cash cause they don't take credit.Best veggie sausage I've ever had. Brunch entrees and specials very good. The food did not come out hot is the only complaint.It was the most personable, friendly service I may have ever had. Great food, low-key environment.Amazing breakfast food. Simple, yes, but really really tasty. The servers are always super nice and willing to accommodate any changes you might want to make. It's a great place, it just feels good to come here.My very first time at Honey's Sit N Eat and I loved my experience-the atmosphere is kinda like a good ol home style breakfast in someone's home. You can even BYOB if you feel like popping a bottle of bubbly to share with ur friends over brunch. 
I got the 3 egg omelet with veggie sausage, onion, and pepper jack cheese which was scrumptious and filling on its own-but my favorite part is that they let you choose what kinda bread u want with it-biscuit, toast, or English muffin!! homemade biscuit?YES PLEASE. It was absolutely delicious with a hint of honey to make it a perfect pairing with the eggs and home fries. 
The service was amazing, friendly server checking in frequently and making sure we were well taken care of. Can't wait to make another visit here soon!I was lucky to find a close parking spot at Honey's Sit 'N Eat on a Saturday around noon.  The wait was long, but at least we were able to get water and a cup of coffee while we waited.  Someone said the place looks like a Cracker Barrel, and it does!  But that's okay, because I love Cracker Barrel.
We had a seat at the counter since that was the first thing that opened up.  I was craving pancakes and my bf got the Toad in the Hole.  The Toad in the Hole was awesome but my bf was starving and ate it pretty quickly.  The pancakes and scrambled eggs were plentiful.  I was super excited for the latkes, but they were overcooked and difficult to eat.  Also, the OJ comes in a teeny tiny glass which I did my best to sip slowly.
All in all, this place is worth the wait and for the most part reasonably priced.  Just make sure you have cash so you can avoid the ATM fees!Great casual breakfast food! I tried the cardamom orange and rhubarb pancake special- delicious! The portions are huge and the staff are incredibly friendly. Only comment is that they take a little long with the service, but the food is worth the wait. The coffee is La Colombe and there are free refills. If you want a to go cup, they also do that. Overall, great food and highly recommend!Excellent brunch menu - bonus points for serving all week and all day. Sometimes long waits for traditional weekend brunch - but if you go later (after 2pm) gets a lot better. The food is slamming. I haven't had anything I didn't love - pancake bomb, latke, omeletes - delicious. I didn't give 5 stars because the service can be spotty - I've had some jerky servers at times and I'm a fairly easy customer so it's really not called for at all. If you're in service (been there), I think you should generally be friendly and not borderline rude.My husband and I visited two days in a row while looking for a place to live recently.  First visit was 5 stars.  They even have gluten free bread!!  The second visit - the hostess was pissed when she attempted to sit us at one table, but when I asked to sit by the wall she copped an attitude and was very dismissive.
Service was quick and unassuming despite her attitude.  Upon the exit of customers she told them all to have a great day.  While we were leaving she said nothing and stared at us while we waited inside for our uber.  The food was banging though.Great spot.  I always went to the original location, but I found this south street version to be sunnier and a bit lighter in general.  The food is the same great quality though.The other half loves it here and so do I :) We prefer to sit at the counter and chat with John. Such a super friendly guy, we never feel rushed, keeps the coffee filled, and always makes the best recommendations - the apple fritter was delish!  We've had other servers and the service was not the best, some even come across rude.  The menu is always interesting, lots of good menu standards and specials. Some meals are larger than others, but overall you do not leave hungry. It's a solid place and worth a visit!We've been here a couple times now and have not been disappointed. We went this last time with my in-laws. My father-in-law got the reuben. That's a sandwich that could easily have been shared between 2. Good food and big portions here. Lemonade is fresh and delicious. Will be going back to continue trying out the menu.
FYI - cash only. Fortunately there's an ATM inside the restaurant.I love the Honey's Sit 'N Eat in Northern Liberties, but it's not walkable from where I live, so I was excited when a location opened on 21st and South Street. Disappointingly it took me way too long to go, but today was the day!
Like other reviewers, I would say I like the space of the Northern Liberties location better: homier vibe; however, the South Street location seems more open, airier, and a little larger?
Again, no reservations (and no credit cards!); however, we arrived ~12:20PM on a Saturday with three and only had a 25-35 minute wait (and of course parties of two are seated more quickly).
Great food with the favorites from our table being Hush Puppies (as good as those eaten in Tennessee!), a made-to-order omelet, and a Toad-in-a-Hole.
The service was prompt as well; there was one hostess who was a little snippy to the waiting crowd in general, but our server was lovely.Food OK. Service Very Good. Prices Terrific. Good value for money. -- HotspurYou must try their special menu!
Been at Honey's a few times for their breakfast and this time I decided to try for lunch! My bf ordered one of their daily lunch specials - eggs benedict with chipotle chicken and pancakes (instead of English muffin). It was super yummy - moist, savory, and surprisingly not too heavy. I ordered off their regular menu - Bubby's brisket sandwich, which came with sauteed spinach on a brioche bun. The spinach and gravy were quite good, but the meat came out slightly dry and the portion of slaw they provided was less of a side and more of a garnish. 
I actually prefer their breakfast menu - there are more options, and their biscuits and housemade jams are always spectacular!Have been here a few times over the years and they never fail to have a delicious brunch. I went with a friend of mine just to catch up and sat at the bar. Service was fantastic even though it was packed. Food was delicious and I will continue to be back every now and then when the mood strikes. Note: they are cash only!!Just moved here. Chill spot with reasonable prices for good portion sizes! It's BYOB so pick up your champagne before arriving and order some of their fresh squeezed OJ. 
I ordered the breakfast bomb with chorizo and home fries. YUM! Service was quick and all staff was super friendly. Will go back.Honeys has never failed to let me down. I have been to this establishment multiple times, and I have never tried a dish I didn't like. Their breakfast is divine and is served round the clock. The waitstaff is always friendly and welcoming, and gives great recommendations of what to try off the menu. Though the wait for weekend brunch can get long, it is always worth your time. 
I have tried the breakfast bomb, mac and cheese pancake, monte cristo, and enfrijoladas and would eat any of them again. The fried chocolate chip cookie was also decadent. Portion sizes are reasonable but not too huge, and prices are reasonable.