Really nice spot! Pool tables, comfy seating, the works.Brewerytown has brought the hops to the neighborhood. This new lounge offers drinks small to large plates. Staff is extremely pleasant. They have a great selection of drinks and food. Today I had their hot wings and house salad. I would give the food 7/10. It's decent price and not to expensive. So next time your in Brewerytown hop down to this new restaurant/ lounge. I'm actually really happy to be the first one leaving this place a good review. Hope you guys have a great experience as well.Had a reservation for 6 at 8pm to enjoy the "jazz night". Unfortunately not much has changed with this place. It took forever for a server to come to our table, and she even then had to check to make sure she would be serving us. Drinks took an age to get to us and everyone received them at all different times. The time we were in this bar there was no band/music playing. I assume they were on their break, but there wasn't even background music to kill the deafening sound of a mass amount of people in a crowded warehouse. After a round of drinks and sitting there for a good 45 mins I asked the server if we could put a food order in... her response "the kitchen is currently at a pause I'll have to check"... never in my life have I ever been told that when trying to order food. Another 5 minutes goes by and she comes back to tell us there's a 10 minute delay and then we can order. Fair to say we closed out and quickly got out of there so we could at least try and get food somewhere else that evening. Not much change from the last two owners of this bar except for a new paint job. I won't be going north of Girard to this place anytime soon. The sheer lack of communication and experience was apparent from the second we walked in to the bar. If someone would have just told us there was a delay in service we would have understood, or at least had a chance to go somewhere else earlier on. One drinks menu between six people and we were told we were lucky to get one. Pretty astonishing really. Avoid this place until they learn to tie their laces for sure. I should have listened to all my other friends and neighbors who have had similar experiences since they opened back up.Went there this past Saturday and caught the tail end of the Sixers came. I really did enjoy the ambiance and layout. That is 5/5. 
I was fortunate in that there were a couple bar seats open on the second level bar (left side walking in) so I posted up there while I waited for my girlfriend and her family to arrive. It didn't seem overly busy. Now I have worked in the service industry before and even bar managed at restaurant in Manayunk. When it comes to a service oriented business, the first order of priority is customer service. People will come back to try other menu items and drinks if that had a bad experience the first time (most people), but people (including myself) usually don't take well to feeling neglected or ignored as a customer. That being said, I also recognize this is a new operation but I gave that consideration with these following thoughts. I sat at the bar with the bartender preparing drinks literally in front of me. Cool...cocktail looked nice and I always appreciate bartenders craft in these preparations. That being said, I sat there like a lump on a log without a single greeting...not an invitation to look at a menu....or an even simple "I'll be right with you."  The bartenders style was fashionable with dyed hair and tattoos but very poor customer service. After finishing the drinks he was preparing he collected tips that were left on the bar, got himself a quick drink, and closed out another tab at the end of the bar. Still no simple greeting, still no menu. The "funny" thing is 99% of my frustrations with this could had been dissolved with a simple greeting and "I'll be with you in a minute" and of course a menu which makes the most sense to me. After some more time passed another female bartender came on shift and customer service rebounded and the experience improved. The first beer I ordered they didn't have which I think should be addressed with a simple menu update or heads up from bartender to save time for everyone but hey, that happens. Girlfriend and her parents arrived, we ordered a round of drinks at the bar before being seated. Our female server at the table was sweet and on point with everything. She had long blonde hair and I only mention that because I want her to get fair credit if a manager reviews this. I do forget her name but it was Saturday around 4pm and seated in front of the second level bar on left hand side furtherest from the entry door. The same for the female bartender that came on. The dining experience was good. I had the herb garlic wings (I'm a big wing fan). Fortunately I am big butter fan because they tasted like a block of butter with herbs on it (which I enjoy). 
All that said, I'll go back. I recognize a bad customer service experience from one person doesn't define a business but if I was to give advice to management I would place emphasis on the most elementary of customer service experience starting with a simple greeting and getting a menu to a patron as soon as possible. Those are the impressions that can make or break a new business. 
I look forward to updating my review on my next experience and trust it will be a better one.My family and I went here to have brunch for Father's Day today and it was the worst service and the most  mediocre food that I have ever had. First of all we don't eat pork and I told the  waitress however my children food still had pork bacon on it. Then their toast was burnt and our food was salty and just ok at best. Then I order a new dish than it never came after 25 mins of waiting i went to the front hostess and waited another 20 mins to speak to a manager whom did not come down after two people went to get her. So I left WITHOUT my children's take home boxes or my other dish. This was not worth it at all !!!!! The first time I went and sat at the bar alone it was ok but I'll never go back !First time back after it had originally been Flying Fish. Was visiting my sister and we had tickets to the Bill and Hillary Clinton event at the Met and figured we would head here for dinner.
Great place, great ambiance. There were pool tables and couches and a bar on the lower level near the hostess stand. We were seated upstairs in the larger area. It was packed, lots of people there watching the Sixers game and the Masters. Typical for what you would expect for a Saturday night 5:00. We were promptly greeted, our drink orders were taken, and we were given our food. Total time there was about an hour 15 mins.
Good beer selection. Also they have wines on draft which I did not try this time but plan to on my next visit. We ordered the mild wings, tots with bacon, and we split the cheesesteak. The wings were decent. Well sauced and well seasoned. The tots with bacon: life changing. The bacon was perfectly crisp, the cheese was melted and the chipotle aioli added a smoky flavor. I would eat these all day every day. The cheesesteak was uniquely flavored with a teriyaki kind of taste. There were caramelized onions and some mushrooms which added a bit of extra yummy-ness to the steak. I would have preferred a bit more cheese to have been mixed through the steak, but there is always room for improvement.
I immediately messaged my friend from Fishtown about this place and told her it is an absolute yes, that she needs to try it out. My mouth is literally watering as I write all of this thinking about the tots.They don't pay their servers, who are Drexel college students and there is sexual harassment.  They block everything I post. Must be guilty! Contacted Action News and a lawyer! Don't go !This place is great - huge open, industrial space with multiple levels and THREE bars. You walk into the first level, which has a bar, a pool table and garage doors that can be opened on a nice day. Then you walk up to another level, which has a bar on either side, lots of counter seating and regular tables. There are loads of tvs all around so you won't miss watching the phils or sixers play at the same time.
The food is awesome, as well as the service. They have a great bar food like wings and pizzas, and they have a ridiculous amount on tap. The staff was attentive and knowledgeable about the menu, despite it just opening. I'm not up here often, but when I do come, I'll make it a point to stop in!This place is an awesome addition to Brewerytown. They have ample outdoor seating, two pool tables, corn hole, and at least 2 (but I think 3?), bar areas. Would be a cool place to hang out and watch football. They also have a great happy hour special. 
Happy hour is from 4:30 to 6:30 Monday - Friday. 
The specials are as follows: 
$1 off all beer 
$5 Sangria
$5 City wides 
$2 off wine
rotating weekly food specials (pretzels, shrimp, seafood bake, nachos, fries, etc)
I gave a 4 instead of a 5 because I have been here twice and had pretty slow service both times. Like "had to flag the waitress down to get the check" slow... but the atmosphere almost makes up for it.Ran in on a rainy Sunday afternoon.  This is the cutest little place that seem to really want to attract the entire neighborhood, new & old.  The staff is all ages, race & sex.  That makes me happy.  They have GREAT deals!  Happy Hour on a SUNDAY....YASSS!!  The Ribs were amazing!! 
  The beer selection is is large & fun.   I had the Hops IPA on draught and a Victory Twisted Monkey in a bottle, both nice & cold, but reflective of the variety.    I love this spot & I will be back.    
P.S. Mike, Chance & Adam are super nice & very knowledgeable.  
Awesome Team!!Decided to finally try this place out since we live nearby and was sort of let down. The staff; although friendly, are definitely inexperienced when it comes to serving, knowledge of the beer they have and how to put together food. The banh mi was not as good as I thought it would be. None of the veggies were pickled and it was lacking in "juiciness". Sort of bland. Also the food runner came out and didn't really know what table he was delivering food to, and didn't even know what a banh mi was. If you're delivering the food you should know where to and what it is. All together I would say that I have hope that this place will step up and have management actually train their staff, this all falls back on them. Right now I just view it as an "upscale" Apple Bees. On a Friday night it should be POPPING with activity, and yet it was kind of dead. There is no reason why management, both service and kitchen, shouldn't be able to give their staff all the necessary tools to do their jobs to their fullest potential. You have a prime spot, a lot of great decor, and a great idea here; I would hate to see it squandered in the first few weeks of opening due to weak management and improper training.This was our last resort. Everything had closed and this place was about to. After a long day adventuring in Philly, I wanted good food. I ordered a lot knowing the majority of my friends would show up and they did not. So I devoured the pizza with friends and I was shocked at how extensive their beer list is. They live up to the name. The pizza was so memorable that I thanked the chef. I couldn't believe it. It's reasonably priced, the staff was fun, and I would definitely come back to this place the next time I'm in Philly. They know cooking, atmosphere, and drinks.Two main complaints: the food quality did not match the quality of the decor. What I mean is the inside of the place is very trendy and the food tasted like Chef Mic was involved...
Also, there was a jazz band playing and the acoustics were truly terrible. The place was echoey and loud and the music was diminished. I feel bad for the jazz band. 
Time to add some sound-absorbing insulation to the place, Hops otherwise, I don't think I would ever go back.Have not been here but had plans to go tomorrow. My friend planned a birthday brunch here for 7 total people about a month ago for Nov 9 at 12pm. Let that sink in...a month ago. She received a call today at 12:30 that they had an event from 10-6 and asked if they could push but her 12pm res to 6pm (which is no longer brunch) or until Sunday. She has people coming in from out of town to celebrate and Hops didn't even try to accommodate their error. If she planned this a month ago, then why are they calling her the DAY BEFORE to tell her about this said event? That is just so unprofessional and I would deem this as unreliable. It's not the fault of the customer/client that they didn't plan accordingly but they should certainly figure it out on their end being that they're a hospitality company. I don't know who is running the place, but they need some new staff who knows that ALL their customers are important, regardless of how large the parties are. You just don't know who we know and how word can spread quickly. I'll be sure to warn my network of their treatment of customers. My poor friend is now scrambling trying to find somewhere that will take 7 people for brunch res tomorrow.Decided to grab breakfast here this past Sunday.  The atmosphere is HELLA cool, and the food as well as its presentation, was impressive.  It's definitely one of my top 5 breakfast spots in the city!  One negative though.....didn't like having to wait 7 minutes after my meal was served, for napkin/silverware.Great place with wonderful food. Went on a Thursday night and the place was packed. Waitress and staff were super attentive and made sure to check in frequently. Had a great time playing shuffle board while waiting for our food. Will be back!I will start by saying this is their opening weekend so do with that information what you will. 
I went here last night for date night & it was.....bad. Hops is the straight up definition of "Excellent idea. Terrible execution." The place is huge with intimate small tables, taller/bigger tables for groups, couches, 3 bars, pool tables, shuffle board, TVs, cornhole, outdoor seating, wine on tap, nice little cocktail menu, decent food, variety of beers, THE WORKS. How on God's green earth can you go to a place like this & not have a good time? I'll tell you. 
-upon arrival we had to literally search for the hostess to give her our name for the wait list. A 45 minute wait turned into a 90 minute wait. We received our "your table is ready" text after we'd already left & gone to Wine & Spirits. More on that later. 
-by sheer luck we snagged 2 seats at the bar shortly after speaking to the hostess. We sat & sat & sat & looked around at everyone else at the bar with clear faces of disgust for at least 10/15 mins drinkless before either bartender even made eye contact with us. You could just tell these entry level bartenders were quite literally shitting their pants with anxiety. Ive never in my drinking life seen so many glasses be dropped or beer bottles be shattered behind the bar. It was wild. 
-I'd like to give a special shout out to who I'm assuming was the manager. She came behind the bar & was our saving grace. She asked everyone if they were okay. Literally no one was okay so she starts taking all the drink & food orders to help put out the fire. If it weren't for her I have no doubt everyone seated at the bar would've just left. 
-the food. Ok. We ordered pork dumplings, a cheesesteak & a burger. All of which were cold. Like cold cold. I saw in other reviews the food was being compared to frozen/microwaved food & I wouldn't take it that far. I think it would have been just fine if it were hot. 
-all in all, we ended up closing out after we finished eating & one round of drinks because quite honestly watching the shit show behind the bar made us very uncomfortable. We literally went straight from Hops to Wine & Spirits to take the edge off. Yes. Now read that again. -- I'd be willing to give this place another shot in 6-8 months on a Tuesday rather than Friday with the hope that the kinks have been ironed out & a new staff has been brought in. At the VERY minimum, I'd suggest they hire bar staff with interpersonal communication skills.My partner and I ate here twice. On the first occasion we each had an enormous iceberg-wedge salad with bacon bits. These were certainly generous-sized and were drizzled with a ranch-type dressing; my partner had a grilled side of salmon to make his salad an entree. The salmon fillet was cooked as he asked, medium-rare (often this is not the case and the fish comes out well done). As a main dish he had macaroni and cheese, which was not well prepared: mushy and bland--it needed a lot more oomph and I would have started it out with a béchamel sauce as a base. The tofu steak I ordered had been marinated in something so salty that I could barely eat it. The texture was nice, though, as was the seasoning, other than the wildly excessive salt. The tofu was served on some watery overcooked vegetables. 
This last visit we each had a kale salad with feta, pepitas and dried cranberries. Like the iceberg salads, these were huge. It was the curly kale and although it had been cut into relatively bite-size pieces, nothing had been done to take the "rough" out of the roughage. When I make this at home I always a) strip the leaves off the stems, which are tough and should be discarded and b) douse it with lemon juice and olive oil and scrunch it with my hands until it's tender. It's much better that way, more delicate. This salad took a lot of work to eat and was underdressed with an astringent vinaigrette. As our main course we each had a burger. We ordered them medium-rare. They were certainly disappointing. Mine was medium-well and rather hard and tough. His was a pinkish medium but still chewy, nothing succulent or tender or juicy about either burger. Each was accompanied by a mountain of so-so fries and an uninteresting (read: non-brioche) bun. 
During both visits the Diet Coke was actually rather good for soda that comes from one of those "guns" they have at the bar; the carbonation was still intact and it tasted like Coke rather than sweet flat syrup. We were supplied with ice water when we sat down. On my first visit I ordered a sauvignon blanc and it was slightly harsh and imbalanced. It did not have that citrusy mineral-rich quality that makes sauvignon blanc special and refreshing so I'm guessing it was "airplane wine," (read: cheap). 
The atmosphere is pleasant enough. As you enter there are people playing pool; you go up the steps to the dining room. They play music but it's not overwhelmingly loud. 
The service was friendly and competent during both visits. Prompt, too. 
I guess I would say that it would be nice to go there if you like beer and want to play pool or shuffleboard (if that's what that table was). But the food is just sub-par.Don't know what to think about Hops. It reminds me a little of City Tap House in University City, but with better prices. 
Great atmosphere, great location. That neighborhood needs a great place like this. It's nice that it feels so corporate and college-y as well. 
Food wasn't great though.Forgot the drinks so waited a while. Then forgot the portion of the food so waited again. And wasn't good. Mediocre food. We got white mussels. French soup and wings. Nothing was done to accommodate the issues. Was hoping to be new local hang but def not coming backThey say they deliver to Fairmount at Brewerytown apartments but they don't. You have to order through grub hub and pay the delivery fee. It is literally 2 doors down to Fairmount at Brewerytown. That is not good neighborhood service.Giant space and good tap list, but both good and drinks took forever to come out, the server was nice but only checked on out large group a few times over the course two hours, and the food was hit or miss. Only come if your already in the neighborhood and want to grab a drink (and order from the bar)Really loved the decor all throughout this place. The drinks were delicious but they weren't strong at all, not that I expect that but I couldn't really taste any alcohol in them. The bartender was also very nice a little scattered but still attentive. The jerk wings were good but absolutely don't taste like jerk, there's no spice to them. I also ordered them well done but they didn't make them well done, still tasted okay though. It was weird to me that people had young kids in there. Overall my friend and I liked our food, drinks and the service. Place was pretty clean too.Great location, great vibe. They are new, so I will be kind. We were brought one wrong order, and fries on the other were stone cold. Service was bad, even tho it wasn't crowded. All the right raw materials; suggest an experienced restaurant manager.Great atmosphere and cocktails. A lot of draft beer options. Good place to watch a game, play shuffle board or pool. Food needs some work. The burger was pretty good. Pizza, wings and and cheese steak need a lot of work. The cheese steak was good but did not have enough meat on it. If the food improved I would go more oftenWe have been out a few times and service has been ok. Tonight we came out and at first were impressed. Seemed like the bartenders were finding their groove. Drinks were on time and very good. However, when we ordered food about 5
Minutes before business got busy, our pizza came out as the wrong pizza. We told the bartender and he completely ignored us. We eventually reached out to the bar back who fixed it working 2 minutes. The bar backs job is to make the bartenders job easier not to fix customer issues. However this bar back acted as a server/bartender and fixed our issue. We appreciate that but we do not appreciate the unprofessional service we received from the bartender who had been serving us 2 hours prior with no issue.
As an update. After we posted this, management did reach out and we are pleased with how the situation was handled.Terrible service. Wednesday night, 7-8pm ish, downstairs bar. 2 other people
were sitting. there. You would have thought it was closing time on a Sunday, the bartender could not have been less interested in doing her job. I don't want to get anyone fired, but I do think there should be some level of customer service no matter what the situation is---and if the staff isn't naturally friendly to everyone who walks in, maybe offer training. I'm pretty sure we were getting visible eye rolls just for asking if they had 'wine'. We were at an event close by, and this was only place we knew of. I'll go again and re-review, hoping some improvements have been made. However, decor was nice.We've been here multiple times in hopes that we'll eventually be impressed. The space is beautiful and has so much potential in the area. I was really hopeful.
The service is generally poor and the food isn't fantastic. We go often for taco Tuesday, which are only $2 each (great deal!!). However, you definitely pay for what you get. Last night the options were a chicken Parmesan taco (?) and veggie tacos. The veggie combination was interesting to say the least (carrots, peppers, onion, and some potato-like vegetable (?)). It reminded me of when you're poor in college and slap together whatever ingredients you can find.
They post weekly on Instagram and it is most definitely false advertisement. I've never eaten a taco there that looks half as good as what they post.
Overall it makes me sad, as this could be a really great spot! It's a shame. I don't recommend it if you're looking for great food and service. But the atmosphere is average for a low-key night.I have been coming to this bar quite frequently within the last year since my friend moved to the area.  It is the only real hang out spot in this area but it never lives up to its potential. The food is ok. The beer list is awesome but they are often out of a lot of the options. The end of the bar is flooded with employees just hanging out and management doesn't seem to care or be up to par. Some nights we get padded down and our bags checked like we are going through airport security which is a big turn off. Some nights the music is so loud bartenders can't hear your drink order. The other night I was one of 3 customers at the bar and it took me over 15 minutes to be served because the bartender was MIA. I will say, service is never a problem when Brian is there, he is amazing. He is one reason we haven't totally given up on this place and also that it's within walking distance from the apartment, otherwise we probably wouldn't go back.First time being here since it changed hands. 
Awesome food! Awesome place! It's huge. My only issue was it's hard to hear people that are right next to you. 
Best bathrooms in Philadelphia. They are really nice. 
We got the beer hall fries which were excellent. 
This is an awesome addition to this area. I used to live over there and it was a desert. 
I discovered a carpet in a vacant lot that had people wrapped up in it.INCREDIBLY slow service at the bar. Unfriendly bartenders. Took forever to place and receive my order. I will NOT be going back.Great bar/restaurant with lots of beer and wine on draft. Food is quite good as well. Very reasonably priced. Will return soonTrendy place in Brewery Town. There is lots of things to do from pool tables to live entertainment.
The food was on par with your local bar eats. I had the wings and tots. My friend has the Cesar salad with salmon. That looked amazing. It came out with a sizable steak.
Everything seemed to come in big portions.
We sat outside where it was pretty quiet for a Saturday night. The atmosphere is relaxed and the place nicely decorated.Garbage.  Ownership is seriously uncool and will hassle you after you ask them to leave.  They will bring food late so half the table has cold food, then get super insulted and take it personally when you point that out, then will refuse to leave the table after you ask them to leave several times as they are destroying your gastronomic experience with their unresolved childhood nonsense.  Ownership should seek therapy instead of bothering patrons with cold food.  Won't be back.Decided to check this place out for the Eagles game...bad mistake. Service was extremely slow. They had a few specials going on and the $5 nachos caught my attention. Well all I can say is save yourself and don't order the nachos as they were served on dorito chips, some melted grey looking cheese that I still have no idea what it was and relish..um yeaGreat atmosphere and huge bar selection. I would like to try it for dinner or a proper brunch. The bartender was clearly new but great!  We ate, drank and played a few board games which is always great.WOW!!!! This is for sure a hidden gem. I went here this prior weekend for a brunch. The place was very nice. It was open up so you can catch a breeze if it's a nice day. We had potties, French toast, sausage, bacon, Mac and cheese, potato salad, greens and more but what had me excited was the omelette station. However, they didn't have many options for the omelettes. I had mimosas as a beverage which wasn't anything spectacular or different from a normal one. They had pool tables and TVs here the games played during the brunch. It is a pretty big space! Good for large parties or just a cute outing with the girls or even a cute date. Try this place it's niceHad a reservation for 6 at 8pm to enjoy the "jazz night" that was planned for the night. Unfortunately not much has changed with this place. It took forever for a server to come to our table, and she even then had to check to make sure she would be serving us. Drinks took an age to get to us and everyone received them at all different times. The time we were in this bar there was no band/music playing. I assume they were on their break, but there wasn't even background music to kill the deafening sound of a mass amount of people in a crowded warehouse. After a round of drinks and sitting there for a good 45 mins I asked the server if we could put a food order in... her response "the kitchen is currently at a pause I'll have to check"... never in my life have I ever been told that when trying to order food. Another 5 minutes goes by and she comes back to tell us there's a 10 minute delay and then we can order. Fair to say we closed out and quickly got out of there so we could at least try and get food somewhere that evening. Not much change from the last two owners of this bar except for a new paint job. I won't be going north of Girard to this place anytime soon. The sheer lack of communication and experience was apparent from the second we walked in to the bar. If someone would have just told us there was a delay in service we would have understood, or at least had a chance to go somewhere else earlier on. One drinks menu between six people and we were told we were lucky to get one. Pretty astonishing really. Avoid this place until they learn to tie their laces for sure. 
Went there this past weekend for brunch.... I can get over how bad the service is in this place still. It took 20 minutes to get a pitcher of sangria because apparently they had to change the champagne keg.. fair enough that happens. But then the food took another 45 minutes. Our orders came out wrong and when I mentioned the fact that the pancake and French toast was missing, there was definitely some attitude from the server. So strange when I'm just there to eat and the service is so poor. It wasn't even busy! I really want to like this place but there's so many reasons to not go back maybe next time it will be for drinks only....I see some pretty bad reviews and am
Quite shocked. Went on Thursday night, super busy but got seated immediately(had reservation.) The server was always around asking us if we needed anything and checking in. The food was really good, especially compared to the place before Hops. My friends from out of town loved it there and said they would go back there every weekend if they loved around there. 
I'm pretty easy going and sure there are things to fix/work out since it is brand new, but It's an awesome neighborhood bar/lounge with food to match. Definitely will be a regular spot for me and my friends.Food was exceptionally good. Chet T did not disappoint! Our server Sarah took good care of us. I only had the shrimp, wings, sliders and ribs. Will definitely be back!We came for Mother's Day brunch. We sat right away. Service was decent and the food was great. Very cool atmosphere too. It's a great addition to the neighborhood. My only critique is I think the draft list is overpriced. Otherwise, great experience.Super friendly staff with a diverse menu, fun games, and big tvs. Perfect neighborhood hangout.Nice venue but the customer service is almost non existent. It was like our waiter was not trained on how to work with people. The person at the front door also gave off a weird vibe. I did not feel welcome there.
The French onion soup was disgusting but the shrimp and grits were good. 
The place just reeks of gentrification. 
Unless they are holding an event I probably wouldn't go back.I'm not sure what's happened to this place. Over the last month, this place has gone from a chill Saturday day night spot with decent drinks to a place where you see several fights and drinks being thrown around. Lots of screaming girls and people drunkenly yelling at each other in the street out front. I would except this sort thing at a club in center city, not at a casual bar surrounded by townhomes and apartment complexes. This bar initially advertised themselves as a lounge-type place with live music, and it's far from that now.Hops is a nice addition to the neighborhood. It's a pretty big open space with multiple bars. Not too busy for a Saturday night. We had no problem walking in around 730 and getting a seat at the bar.  There wasn't much outdoor seating but when we first got there they had the garage doors open to let air in. They had lots of board games along with a shuffleboard and pool table. We tired a couple of their signature cocktails. The strawberry lemonade cosmo was really good. Light and fruity. I wasn't a big fan of the raspberry Ricky though. I thought it had a weird aftertaste. We also ordered the calamari and a short rib sandwich. The calamari was really good! Definitely recommend. Kinda spicy and lightly breaded. My friend loved the short rib sandwich too. I'll probably be back. They looked like they had some other interesting things on the menu.WORST BRUNCH EVER! Visited this place for an event during brunch and the food and most of the waitstaff were a disaster. They were pushing and cursing at the party goers. Although the event was probably at the building capacity limit the staff wasn't able to handle the sheer volume for a private event. 
The food was disgusting, ordered the avocado toast which came with a salad and an unknown white spread. After trying it the avocado toast couldn't have been real and that mystery white spread was as actually fish (surprise!). I returned it after two bites and was never refunded although I was told I was. We FINALLY got a decent server but he came so close to the end of the service we weren't sure he would get the tip. Overall WORST food ever!Plenty of space to lounge, plus a bunch of games and TVs to get you to hang around. Menu is a bit to fancy, but it's still good. And $20 mimosa pitchers for brunch!Our friends lives in the area so we tried this place. Space is huge with two bars but bartenders just like to take their time. It took 20mins to get a drink from the bar and she kept making other drinks that was ordered after me before she made mine! Then we found a couch to settle we waited for 30mins before they told us we're not going to have a server and we have to order food at bar. I'm
fine ordering at the bar but can someone tell us the right info? Got the food: tater tots - it's like buying frozen ones defrost it, put cheese and bacon on top and microwave it..MEH! Then there's the wings which we got in different sauces: they fried the wings like..yesterday and microwaved it! It was COLD -- and instead of celery sticks, they gave the celery that looked like came from a mirapoix. Next, we ordered the cheese pizza -- no red sauce and cheese looked clumped with no taste. We ordered more apps but all mediocre. There are better options in Philly than experience this. I understand it's opening week but come on!!Went this past week for their new brunch menu. It was opening day so there might have been some kinks to work out with the menu, but overall I probably wouldn't go back, at least for brunch. 
The space is very large and open. I liked the decor and it was easy to talk to the people you're with. Some outside seating options were available too as well as lots of TVs and the like. 
We were LITERALLY the only people there at 1005AM (opens at 10AM I believe). With that being the case, the guy that greeted us at the door was less than welcoming which was weird. Menu was your standard brunch fare. 
Food was decent. Brisket eggs Benedict was a nice idea I haven't seen before but the brisket wasn't very tender. Pancakes didn't have enough blueberries and were quite dry. The whipped cinnamon butter was a nice idea though. And all that being said, the prices were pretty steep for what we got. No exotic ingredients and nothing very creative on the menu. 
Waitress was nice and the music was good.
You could DEFINITELY do better for brunch in the city, although there was 0 wait which was nice but not worth it. Space seems cool for a hangout place at night though.Hops was a welcomed and highly anticipated replacement restaurant for the Brewerytown Taproom.  Anything really could have been better, but Hops has been, sadly, unable to deliver so far.  The drinks are pricey and the food has been, over my past two visits, pretty nasty.  Wings that seemed to be made of a cheap, mystery meat, a fried portobello sandwich that tasted like burnt plastic (the panko must have slid off to the bottom of the fryer pit), loaded tater tots just drowning in cheese and a bahn mi that was more bread than anything else.  Hoping they work out the kinks soon.  Bright spot - the service has been pretty good!I was excited about trying this new spot in my neighborhood but came to the conclusion that just bc it's in walking distance doesn't mean it's a great choice. The young lady at the front entry desk was pleasant but had no clue what Calamari was. Said she's from the hood and only eats chicken...so sad!!! After waiting over 30 minutes for an order of wings and fries, my food came out w/o the fries. Had to wait another 10 minutes for my fries. When I reviewed my receipt after paying with my CC, it read CREDIT CARD TIP which I did not agree with it all!!!! When I asked why I was charged this fee after the not so good service I just received, she says "oh that's an automatic charge"! I said well management needs to put a sign somewhere stating automatic tip charged to all people paying with CCs...At this point she was just staring at me like I was speaking another language. Honey BBQ wings...Blah...not tender at all & the fries I waited almost 40 minutes for were soft and soggy! Won't be going back!Food was pretty good.  Nice atmosphere. I went there for my birthday celebration.  First time there and I would do it again.So disappointing! We sat at the bar on Sunday night. All of the "draft" wine was out. Apparently it was never on since the draft lines weren't clean. Any wine I ordered the bartender said they didn't have it even though there were wine bottles behind the bar. He didn't offer anything else, just kept saying they were out. The food is overpriced and terrible. Our bill came to $177 and apparently with a gratuity included that we were not told about and left a $35 cash tip. I would have given this place another chance but after finding out they are stealing from customers I can not support such a business. Don't waste your money here!First night the restaurant opened. Such a beautifully designed restaurant, with delicious food and a great beer list!! Can't wait until they start serving brunch :)What a disappointment.  Every thing we ordered was one terrible dish after another.  Half the entrees we ordered came out incorrect and at all different times.   The pizza was like Elios, but worse.  The pork dumplings also seemed like they were frozen as well. The mussels we sent back for fear of getting sick.   They did remove a few things from our bill for the many troubles without our asking.  There was live music which was nice, but otherwise I would never recommend going there for anything but a beer.Fantastic food, atmosphere and service. The happy hour sangria and pizza are delicious and for a great price and each section of the restaurant has a different, fun vibe!We were very impressed. After visiting the former Flying Fish that occupied this space and was very underwhelming, the reopened Hops is WAY better.
The lower space has comfy couches, the decor overall is nice, there's games, the drinks were very reasonably priced, and the food was actually really tasty (just wish the "pizza" had sauce). Upstairs bartenders at the main bar could be a little more attentive, because there were only two of us waiting to order drinks but multiple bartenders fiddling with unimportant things behind the bar instead of looking to see who needed to order a drink (but will chalk that up to being a recently opened bar/inexperienced bartenders).
The key to this huge space is keeping it lively because big bars like this really suffer when they don't have big crowds, it makes it feel very desolate inside. When we went this past Saturday there was warm weather so it was pretty packed (but not too packed)...hopefully they can keep this up!Idk where to begin to speak about how This bar has evolved! I've come to visit this location a few times and I've enjoyed the food and its environment. BUT last night I held an event here and the the team at HOPS has out done themselves. Olivia (amazing, efficient & willing to go an extra mile), Brittany (theee  best, most efficient, kindest bartender and overall great person) and Chef Shay (creator of great dishes and the drive to make this establishment great). The event had 40 people and everyone received the best services. Initially I doubted that 1 bartender would be able to handle that many people but I was proven wrong. I had NO complaints from anyone in my group, which is rare. 
HOPS team keep doing what you are doing and if you find parking I maybe there daily lol. Everyone was surprised to know there was a gem like this in Brewerytown and North Philly :).
If you want great food, beautiful ambiance, & nice decor- this is the place to try!!!This place was long awaited!!! The area needed a great bar where the food was solid, the beer selection was extensive and the staff treated you like friends!!! This is what you will get at Hops!!! There are  2 pool tables, shuffleboard, foosball, several TV's and even a projection screen for big games and special events!!!  
 The decor is inviting and the space is maximized without feeling boxed in!!! 
The kinks are still being ironed out since the grand opening was just two short weeks ago, but I have a gut feeling this place will be around for a while!!! 
Open for lunch 11:30a Wednesday thru Friday 
Happy Hour 4:30-6:30 Monday thru Friday 
Weekend brunch Sunday 10:30a to 3p
Live Music Saturday nightsMy wife and I live very close and keep going back hoping that it will get better, but the food and cocktails just aren't good. The food is wavering between decent and sometimes inedible. The cocktails are incredibly sweet with not a lot of alcohol.
Honestly it's a good place for a group to have some beers, watch a game on tv or play pool. Other than that, I can't recommend this place for anything else.
Have been to Hops maybe 6 or 7 times but I don't see a reason to go back unless there is a dramatic change. Such a shame because the space is amazing.I really enjoyed my time here, the food was great, and the ambiance was spectacular. I loved the live band. I wish I got a chance to play pool while I was there. I will definitely be coming back soon.So bad. 
Was here for an hour and a half. Our server came by 2 times. I managed to get 2 old fashioned's in that time frame which were $14.25 each. Made poorly. 
Our server was doing the bartenders dishes...?? 
The bartender had 4 people at the bar! 
Why don't they have a bar back?! 
Expo ran the food...no food runner/server?
drinks literally took 45 minutes each. THERE ARE 3! 3! Different bars in here.
Really poor place. Wouldn't be surprised if they closed within the year.. 
DJ played bad music way too loud. It was Friday night and there were about 25 people here.We got to the restaurant and were told that there was a 30-35 minute wait for a table. We decided to get drinks while we waited, it took us nearly 15 minutes to even get the bartenders attention. We then had to wait over 50 minutes, instead of the 30-35 we were told. After we were seated we waited 10 minutes for the waitress to even come to our table. We eventually got to order our food, we order an appetizer and entrees. They didn't bring our appetizer out early, then brought it with the entrees over 45 minutes after we ordered food. All in all we were in the restaurant for 2 hours before we were served any food.Came here on a Friday night. They do a late night happy hour. The wings are good and the DJ played good music. A nice vibe.Love the vibes here! The plants, the decor I love it! 
Such a nice space. The food was priced fairly and all came out very good!Highly recommend! Great drinks, great food, and a great bar. Reasonable prices for high quality liquor and food. We went for their late night happy hour (Friday 8-11pm). sat down at the bar and got served right away. We got the chili spice wings and pretzels with beer cheese. No complaints here. The wings were amazing and will definitely come back for them again and to try more of the menu.I have had Hops bookmarked as a place I had to visit sooner vs. later!  I am glad I decided to visit on a nice day so that I can take in the beautiful space!  The decor is industrial and minimalist-I really enjoyed the open areas; pool table and multiple bars!
The staff (hostess and bartenders) were attentive and friendly!  I was there during Happy Hour with a friend and we wanted to try a few items on the menu!  We ordered Calamari; Wing; Fries and Salad!  All of the food was good and I felt that I especially enjoyed the wings!
Now-let's talk BEER!  There were solid draft selections (multiple local breweries featured-Conshy & Love City To name a few) along with an extensive bottle list!  They also have wine and cocktails!
I will add Hops to my list of places for a nice hangout spot to grab a few beers with friends!Nice place in a newly gentrified, hip neighborhood.  Lot of space with multiple bars, great beer selections, and multiple flat screen tvs with with both American and the other football playing.
One thing that threw me was the behavior of a female bartender.  I ordered a draft beer from a male bar tender, paid cash, and started drinking.  After my first sip she took the glass from me and filled it back up, saying that the male bartender didn't fill the glass correctly.  She then openly berated the same guy for not slicing limes correctly, opening yelling that he "fucked up" the limes.
Sometimes trying too hard can have the opposite effect on customers.  Most people come in just to chill and have a drink.  If there is an issue between staff handle it professionally, not loud and out in the open.
All in all a really good spot, just relax a little, life is too shortAfter eating here several times, I have to say that Hops is a nice option to have in Brewerytown, but a little underwhelming food and drink-wise. 
I live in the area and after witnessing the restaurants that were in this location previously crash and burn, I really had high hopes that this place would surprise me. The decor is really awesome and the games add a fun element. Also it's a great space to watch live sports as they have many TVs.
I just wish they had taken the same amount of love they put into the space and injected that into the food. I expected it to be classic Americana bar food, which it is, but a lot of the dishes are just kind of meh and a little confusing. The pork dumplings (fried and crispy) are sitting in a bowl of sauce (making them not crispy as they sit in the sauce). The hop burger I had was pretty good but had sliced cherry tomatoes on it (small and kept falling out), a lager cheese curd sauce (kind of flavorless) and a random egg thrown on it. My wife had the bread salad, which was missing half of the ingredients, including the balsamic. (this was just kind of sliced, poor quality bread lumped into a bunch of red cabbage.) Also the pizzas, although very thin and deliciously crispy (I've had the tandoori and hops pizzas so far) need more toppings added and look a little sad when they arrive at the table. Overall the food menu just needs to be simplified. It's a little too overly complicated with random Asian-Fusion elements thrown in. Good but not great. 
Definitely a good option if you live close by and want an inexpensive meal or drink, but it's not worth going out of your way to eat here.First of all. Only reason why iM even giving this 2 stars is because the place is beautiful & the Hostess was great! She made sure we had everything we needed & was comfortable while we played pool. Now for the rest of the place. The FOOD SuCkED!! Over cooked, dry, no flavor!!! The bartender took forever to address us for any drinks or food. Sorry to say this but this place needs some FLAvOr. And I don't just mean Food.I will start by saying this is their opening weekend so do with that information what you will. 
I went here last night for date night & it was.....bad. Hops is the straight up definition of "Excellent idea. Terrible execution." The place is huge with intimate small tables, taller/bigger tables for groups, couches, 3 bars, pool tables, shuffle board, TVs, cornhole, outdoor seating, wine on tap, nice little cocktail menu, decent food, variety of beers, THE WORKS. How on God's green earth can you go to a place like this & not have a good time? I'll tell you. 
-upon arrival we had to literally search for the hostess to give her our name for the wait list. A 45 minute wait turned into a 90 minute wait. We received our "your table is ready" text after we'd already left & gone to Wine & Spirits. More on that later. 
-by sheer luck we snagged 2 seats at the bar shortly after speaking to the hostess. We sat & sat & sat & looked around at everyone else at the bar with clear faces of disgust for at least 10/15 mins drinkless before either bartender even made eye contact with us. You could just tell these entry level bartenders were quite literally shitting their pants with anxiety. Ive never in my drinking life seen so many glasses be dropped or beer bottles be shattered behind the bar. It was wild. 
-I'd like to give a special shout out to who I'm assuming was the manager. She came behind the bar & was our saving grace. She asked everyone if they were okay. Literally no one was okay so she starts taking all the drink & food orders to help put out the fire. If it weren't for her I have no doubt everyone seated at the bar would've just left. 
-the food. Ok. We ordered pork dumplings, a cheesesteak & a burger. All of which were cold. Like cold cold. I saw in other reviews the food was being compared to frozen/microwaved food & I wouldn't take it that far. I think it would have been just fine if it were hot. 
-all in all, we ended up closing out after we finished eating & one round of drinks because quite honestly watching the shit show behind the bar made us very uncomfortable. We literally went straight from Hops to Wine & Spirits to take the edge off. Yes. Now read that again. -- I'd be willing to give this place another shot in 6-8 months on a Tuesday rather than Friday with the hope that the kinks have been ironed out & a new staff has been brought in. At the verminimum, I'd suggest they hire bar staff with interpersonal communication skills. 
*5 MONTHS LATER*
Like I stated above, my boyfriend lives in the neighborhood so naturally we found our way back to Hops -- let me add that we were invited back by management after my initial review and the experience was not any better (actually worse!!) so I didn't feel compelled to update my review then. But omg. We came here last weekend for the Eagles game. We figured, if we ate elsewhere first then go to Hops for drinks and the game how bad could it really be? 
So, let's start with the fact that the bartender in the downstairs bar felt the need to make it crystal clear to us that this was his "first shift down here. I usually work at the upstairs bar." Sir, I asked for a mimosa. That's it. It took what felt like 15 mins for him to find the champagne and orange juice then pour it into a CLEARLY dirty glass. I should've taken a picture. There were lip prints clear as day around the rim of the glass...
Next, I overheard the guy seated next to me at the bar ask the bartender how the eggs Benedict came prepared and he literally said "I don't know." I'm sorry, what??
In what appears to be pure Hops fashion, a different bartender was sent to the downstairs bar to relieve this guy and smooth things over with everyone seated at the bar. She was attentive, very knowledgeable and let us know that there were in fact game day specials going on. Something you'd THINK the first bartender would tell everyone, but I digress. I watched the couple next to us send multiple plates back to the kitchen and complain about their food being cold. Interesting since that was the same complaint I had during my first visit here. Founders All Day IPA is the drink special during game day which makes sense because it honestly tasted skunked. Umm, let me see...what else. We then decided to go upstairs and watch from this little ledge thing overlooking the TVs downstairs. We sat there for the whole second half of the game. Whoever sat there before us left behind a dirty plate of chicken bones. None of the Hops staff ever came to clear that dirty plate. Do you know how long half a football game is? Unreal. I could say more, but I'll just stop here.I've seen this space been turned over three times by three breweries/bars. Though Hops seems like the best so far, I'm not yet sold. The ambiance and decor is great! Seating is really nice, cozy couches in front that sit right by the opened garage doors. Pool table too. Beer list is good. Menu looks decent. This far, I've tried the dumplings. Not the best. Sauce was good though. Service overall was a bit slow, but they are new.  Worth a check out. Hope they do well!This was literally the worse donning experience from beginning to end. The bartender was new and didn't know how to make a martini. After being seated to dine I asked my server could my parties drinks come from the other bar tender who was more experienced. That was an issue when It should've been sure no problem. When the food came out it was extremely salty and disgusting. There was a private event going on so they were charging a cover for men and ladies after 11. I spoke to the GM Bridgette who said just to have the rest of my party who hadn't arrived yet say her name and they'll be excluded from the cover because they're coming to dine. However there was an obvious breakdown of communication between the GM Bridgette and the security because the security because overly aggressive with both my husband and another female who was meeting me to dine. There was no apologies for such awful and aggressive behavior. Bridgette couldn't be bothered to come over to address it because she was too busy. Needless to say I and my entire party will never step foot in the place again. If I'm totally honest even if the costumer service was good which oh obviously was non existent, the food was disgusting and the bartender was very new and couldn't even make a Martini. If this place wants to survive it needs an entirely new staff! Don't waste your time or money!!!Brought a very large group (10+ people) at last minute notice to Hops, and they were really accommodating about getting a table.  I didn't make a reservation, but it was a weekday, so there was a table available.  It's a great space for large groups getting food or drinks.  They also have a large outdoor patio area and a game area with foozball, shuffle board and a pool table.  
Since we had so many people, we ordered a ton of food, basically the entire menu. The food and drinks were good. Some of the highlights were the pork dumplings, the lamb meatballs, the calamari (spicy) and the pizzas were good (but very thin crust).  
My only big complaint is that service sucked.  Our waitress was really nice, but it took her forever to get our drink and food orders in (not sure where she went), and when we did get our orders in, the food and drinks took forever to come out to the table.  We also had a few people's orders never come, which they comped on the bill, but we waited for a while.  I'm hoping these are glitches they can fix since they are so new!I live above Hops. I have been there multiple times, and the food is subpar, especially for the price. You are better off going to Wawa. Also, they have loud events to make up for the limited business they do because of food and service. People park on the sidewalk outside of our building every time there is an event, and it is extremely loud into the night. Maybe if I had a great place to go, it would be worth the noise. No benefits, only problems. Over it.It's fine. I've been there three times mostly because it's so close to where i live. If it wasn't so convenient, I wouldn't have gone back. The ONE server i've had every time was really nice and most of this stuff probably isn't his fault.
Anyway, the atmosphere is cool and this place has SO much potential. As for the food, it's fine. The wings were good, but over priced. The Hops burger and fries is actualyl fantastic, but should be $12, not $16 or whatever it is. The other two times I've been there, my order has been messed up. I got the salad once and it was just a bag (literally the whole bag) of salad dumped on a plate. They forgot the cheese that comes with it and the chicken was horribly overcooked.
I went for brunch most recently, and ordered an omelet with spinach. They ran out of spinach. Brunch starts at 10am and I was there at 10:30. I REALLY want this place to be good. C'MON Hops!!!The food was great and I had one of the best margaritas! They have a cool lounge area when you walk in which is nice. I had the veggie wings, which were great and the cesar salad! The service was good and the host was super friendly. I heard good things about their weekend nights here, so I'll be coming back to check that out!The board of health needs to be called in on this place. It is a beautiful spot, but completely ill managed. Nobody seems to know what they were doing, staff are disorganized. Food sat out for 20 minutes and was still served, opened containers of condiments left out. Staff eating and drinking at active food stations. I literally watched one person putting their fingers in their mouth licking them and not washing their hands. If I wasn't there for a friends party I would have walked out. The food is subpar, eat at your own risk.I visited a friend who lives in the area! We all had an amazing time at Hops. We were only in Philadelphia for 24 hours and went there three times! Staff is very friendly, drinks are refreshing, and the atmosphere is great. Board games and lounge area added for a fun and competitive experience.Struggle worth this because I think this is an amazing addition to the neighborhood, it's a great space and ambiance, but the food is mediocre and salty.
It's a nice space. Great place to grab drinks with people and hangout or watch a game. The service was great. Very attentive.
Where it fell short was the food. The menu is lackluster. The tater tots were excessively salty. Also dry - I would consider adding a dipping sauce. The cheese was dried out.
The popular chicken entree was unmemorable. While the chicken was tender, the polenta was sorta of like a gritty corn soup. It just had some carrot shavings on top. Not really worth it.
The Bahn mi was big, but the meat was dried out. 
Mac and cheese was decadent and that was really good.
Overall, I would definitely be back to chill and grab drinks, but I would not return for the food