very very good!  i had the lamb kabob, morrocan cigars, and fried cauliflower.  all of it was delish.  good portions, and good prices.my favorite french fries in philadelphia!!! really friendly workers, very clean. i go there all the time and never get sick of itGreat spot. All the food is fresh and healthy with great flavor and great sauces. The pricing is very reasonable for the the serving sizes. Chicken shawarma is probably the most famous dish and it's excellent. Platters come with 3 sides and pita. Sandwiches are excellent and filling too. Great, healthy alternative to the over-priced salad place down the street. The owner is a good guy and loves giving samples of the new sauces he's working on. Going to start coming more often.Tried this place again and found it to be quite good.  Tasty falafel platter with good (yes, good!) hummus and other appealing side dishes.All I wanted was some veggies on pita. So I went to Hummus. And this was a mistake.
The girl working the counter seemed very nice and helpful. When it was my turn to order, I asked for just a veggie pita. She got a very confused look on her face and told me, "That's not on the menu..." So I asked for a hummus pita without the hummus. 
My order came up, and I proceeded to sit at one of their overly cramped tables. There was hummus on my pita. No big deal, I'll just ask them to fix it. I didn't think this would be an ordeal. I kindly told the girl that I had asked for no hummus. She told me that what I wanted wasn't on the menu, so I couldn't order it.
......... -.- what? You have veggies, you have pita? But I can't have a veggie pita? After I stared at her with a perplexed look, she finally agreed to make The Most Complicated Order of The Day. 
After my accomplishment, I sat down and ate my pita. It was very tasty, I'd give it a three. I also tried the fries which were great and gets a five. Service? I'd give a one. The girl just seemed like she was programmed to go by what's exactly on the menu. I know it's not Burger King where You Have it Your Way, but my order was not difficult at all.
I will give them a second chance though. But only because of the fries.I've only been to Hummus once so far. It was a welcome addition to my lunch rotation, as I work in the area. 
I settled for the Chicken Kabob Platter. The portions were ample, but I felt the chicken was a bit rubbery. 
The Falafel Sandwich looked like a better bet, and at only $8 it's cheap and will fill you up.
I wonder if the Rami Falafel truck down the street feels threatened by Hummus? We shall see.
Hummus is a lot larger inside than it looks, and is all new construction, I believe. It at least smells like it.
I had some Mango bottled drink there that I forget the name of. It was sweet and hit the spot. I recommend that for now.
The way it works is, you order the food and they bring it out to you on a tray. No wait staff.
The place does take out, and you can sit outside if you care to look at the construction going on as well as the homeless people sitting at the McDonald's next to it.Very decent and fulfilling Middle Eastern food. They have great catering as well. I love the cucumber/tomato/onion salad, falafel, lamb, and chicken. rice is really good as well as the pita. decent prices. 
i would highly recommend this place for any person who loves middle eastern food and is craving it.You definitely get your money's worth here and what you are getting is absolutely delicious.  It's a little hectic when its busy but overall great food and friendly staff.  It may be obvious by the name but the hummus is the best I've had.On our first visit, my friend and I both ordered the shawarma platter. It was amazingly terrible--trying to eat the chicken was like trying to methodically force wood chips down your throat. The rice and assorted vegetable sides were uninteresting, but at least they weren't a struggle to eat. The only redeeming part of the meal was the pita bread. 
Since then, I've returned a few times, masochistically ordering the shawarma platter again in hopes of being surprised with an edible meal. It's never been as bad as the first time, but if you're looking for Mediterranean, Greek Lady is just around the corner.This is one of my go-to places in University City. When I don't feel like spending a lot of money on some decent food. For $8, I get two meals worth of food.
I'm vegan, so all my experiences involve the hummus, roasted veggies, and falafel platters. The pitas are awesome - warm, soft, tasty. I always go for the whole wheat pitas. The sides are great too. 
I normally just get take-out but I've also had meals there with friends. The seating is a little bit tight, but it's not impossible to enjoy a meal there. 
The staff is really friendly and happy to answer any questions you have.Food arrived and was delicious. Opted for no pita with my online order but still received it no biggie. I would be apprehensive to order delivery again because the delivery guy (raif I believe) was very unprofessional and rude. He arrived to the hospital and I could have been anyone he handed me the food no words just a weird glare . I didn't know if I  needed to sign a paper because I paid via debit and he just walked off no good bye no here is your order..... Nothing no interaction. I would not be able to identify his voice in a lineup because I never heard it.  He just looked at me with a mean face and walked off. Also they tell you they're outside and don't give you time to get down there. If you work in a huge building like a hospital they need to understand your not standing by the door. Will order again but probably pick it up.Yes yes & YES! The falafel pita sandwich is to die for me & no I'm not exaggerating ! My vegetarian lovers this is the place to be! I've had it twice in one day because it's so amazing. The staff was friendly & efficient. 
I love the fact I can order online & it's ready when I arrive. This is perfect for someone with a short lunch break that way I utilize my time wisely before heading back to the office. Don't hesitate to try it out !Back in Philadelphia for a visit and had to visit Hummus.  I've been dreaming about and missing this place for 3 long years.  The quality of the food is only exceeded by the friendliness of the staff.  The shawarma platter was even better than I remembered....best hummus, pita and shawarma I have ever tasted..and believe me, I've been trying to find something that even comes close since we moved.  Special thanks to the gentleman that prepared my beautiful platter and so generously added a ton of olives, peppers and pickles, and to David for his special attention....and especially to Maurice....your kindness just made my trip....I'm still smiling.  I'll see you next year!!!!Falafel pita is good and large for the price ($6)! There are plenty of vegetables inside, the falafel is fresh and warm, and the tahini sauce has never gone wrong. I actually ask for a bit extra tahini. I think the only downside to the falafel sandwich is that it's so full that the pita usually breaks, and the sauce makes it a bit soggy at the bottom (fillings are unevenly distributed).
The portions here are really generous. I once ordered the hummus salad with lamb. There was a lot of lamb and the dollop of hummus was huge. Easily two meals except there wasn't much lettuce.I don't give five stars easily so when I do the place deserves it. Do note that Hummus Grill doesn't get five stars for one aspect - really nothing ever does ... its the perfectly balanced combination of service, portion size, price-point, quality that clinched it. 
Sort of a hole in the wall place with about 8 tables inside and 4 outside. Generally clean, ambience is low, metal tables, the idea is that you go in, stuff your face and get out ASAP.
Had the falafel platter as well as the schwarma and kebab platter. Excellent. Rice is perfect and bread oustanding, if you like this type of food you will be amazed. Shredded cabbage. Schwarma was a little dry but can handle it. Kebabs spicy and juicy - thick like a log on a bed of rice. They do fried eggplant slices which are great too. The hummus was classic style - little plain for me, but well its chick-pea's and oil, thats what it is, can't complain. Falalfel balls were great, rough texture that I like.
Price was in the gutter, I don't understand how this joint makes any money. Not much more to say, if you like the mediteranean type food with an emphasis on the Israeli type falalfel this is the place to go. Its cheap, fast and cleap.  Two concerns, a little chilly inside in December and it was quiet on a Saturday but I imagine it will severely packed on a weekday lunch-hour.Have been pretty bummed they shut down the Midtown location. Loved it. Great value. So much food. Love the falafel. Great sides. One of my favorite quick meals.
Only complaints would be I wish they had lamb shawarma and also I wish they mixed in the veggies into the pitas a little better. Each one is in one section (all the hummus is at the bottom, etc). No biggie.
Really big fan. Never a bad meal.love the shwarma, one of the best you can get in philly if not keeping kosher....also put on the sabich sandwich, per my suggestion, which i think anyone should try...its awesome!
great service, friendly staff, cheap, delicious food and always easy to find parkingGreat service, we got the food delivered to a group of about 10 of us. We did ask for them to number the food so we could distinguish between the platters, which unfortunately they didn't but that did not take away from the quality of the food. Such vast options all with great flavors. They included extra pitas and gave us tubs of hot sauce and tahini, adding to the flavor of the food. Great delivery place as well, super accommodating to a big group!A good place to grab a quick bite. Service was overly friendly, and the food was about middle of the line in terms of the shawarma and falafel I have had. It also is very small, so if you go during peak dinner hours, you may be out of luck for seats. But I would definitely recommend going here if you're in the area and need some middle eastern cuisine.Hummus Grill is a conveniently located restaurant near the university hospitals. There's some good menu options. However, the professionalism is utterly lacking from a management standpoint. I've never been so totally disrespected and belittled by "management" when asking for a fix to an order.  
Note to management (since I know you're reading), take a crash course on basic manners and treat the the customer with respect.warning: you will not be able to kiss nor talk in close proximity to people ...for several hours after eating here. loaded with garlic/onion/etc. i think my BF almost broke up with me after i ate here once. i guess i'll just have to make him it here at simultaneously.
the falafel is what i order, because falafel is what i love. unfortunately, i do not love the falafel here. it is weirdly too firm, it is just not right, something about it. i can't put my finger on it. ive had much better falafel at other places, e.g. Rami's food truck (across from Penn dental school on 40th and locust). Actually Rami's is fantastic, I think I may go there tomorrow now that i'm salivating abut it.
i go here only if i get out voted on lunch. nothing wrong with the place, i've just had better falafel that I get so distracted reminiscing about it....Ok so here's my 4th review... and I'm writing reviews so people like me (who enjoy good food, good atmosphere, good times, and a good bargain- on occasion) can find reliable reviews for the hot and not so hot places around Philadelphia.  All that said lets start the review.
I called in for take out with my girlfriend but I will say that when I stopped in to pick-up the food the ambience inside reminded me of a clean, school cafeteria that didn't really have too much character or charm.
Ok that being said now on to the staff.  The people behind the counter were all very nice both over the phone and in person!  And they got the food order correct!  
Drum roll... The food...
The food was very good.  I ordered a sandwich that had great flavors and combinations and my girlfriend had a salad that was fresh, tasty, hearty, and healthy! 
I should reemphasize the freshness.  Everything was super fresh, and super tasty  and super healthy.  As a wise young man once told me "nutritious and delicious!"
Standard if not lacking atmosphere, good service, great, healthy, fresh food and a good bargain that is nearby. Not overpriced.  They'll be hearing from me soon and it will probably be for pickup-ha.I absolutely love the chicken kabob platter. I order from here quite often and it hits the spot every time. I think the service is good also - one time I came to pick up food and a member of their staff came out and chased me down the sidewalk because I forgot something! I've tried several other platters and they were also very good, but the chicken kabob is by far my favorite. The portions sizes are awesome. I highly recommend this restaurant!Love this place! I recently ordered the sampler platters (for the second time) for an event. The portions are great, and the presentation is wonderful. I can attest to the deliciousness of the hummus, pita, grape leaves, tabouli, and hot sauce. I wasn't as big of a fan of the meats, but everyone else really liked them. I don't think I tried the falafel. I'm ordering from here again for an event on Thursday - can't wait! My mouth is watering just looking over the catering menu!I was surprised that the falafel were discs rather than the more traditional balls of spiced ground chickpeas. Aside from that I got the falafel platter for $8.95 and I think I got 6 or 8 pieces of falafel, a pita, rice, hummus and two veggies (fried eggplant and cucumber). I would have preferred the eggplant to be grilled rather than fried because I would not have ordered the eggplant had I known it was fried but that being said it was passable albeit way too salty.
The hummus is not what I am used to eating (my girlfriend is Greek and she is always making hummus) but that may be the difference between fast food hummus and homemade hummus. I may go back because the place is convenient but I will not get the falafel again, I will try a kebab or shwarma and go from there.
Place lost a full star because the pita was flavorless, tough and a little soggy for some reason.I typically come here and get the shawarma platter. It comes with three sides, and rice or fries. In addition, you get a white or wheat pita. Fries are really well-seasoned and go well with the plate. The hummus is super tasty, as it's the namesake. I usually get this a long with the fried eggplant and cucumber tomato salad. I agree that the portions are epic. You really get what you pay for with the platters. Often times, I end up taking home the pita because I'm super full.Food (7.5/10) = Ordered the combination platter since this was my first time to Hummus and I wanted to sample a few things on their menu.  The platter included:
1) Shawarma = this was ok.  Not bad, but not great.
2) Falafel = this was ok also.
3) Choice of meat (I ordered Chicken) = the best part of the combo platter.  If I go back to hummus, I would order the chicken kabob itself again.
4) Pita and hummus = the hummus was good.  A lot of the previous Yelpers mentioned that this was probably the only good thing from this restaurant.
Choice of french fries or rice (I chose rice) = Standard white rice.  
Choice of two sides: Ordered the eggplant and baba ganoush.  The eggplant was fried and it was descent.  The baba ganoush was really salty. It was my least favorite part of the combo platter
The platter cost close to ~$15.  This platter was definitely not worth $15.  A bit of a rip off...oh well.
Ambiance (7.5/10) = Nothing special.  I came here for take-out, but the restaurant for the most part looked clean.
Service (7.5/10) = Can't really comment much here.  They took my order, and I got my food.  
Overall Opinion = This place seems really popular for take-out.  When I first arrived to this place, one of the guy's just got off the phone and made the comment, "I think the whole hospital just placed their orders."  Would I come back to Hummus?  Probably,...but it would be something for convenience.I enjoy Hummus Grill. I find their prices to be a bit high for the quantity received though. That and the food not being as flavorful as expected (which I guess could mean it's healthier than the McDonald's, Bobby's Burger Palace, or Chipotle nearby?). All in all, a good locally-owned business.Get the Shwarma platter or sandwich...everything else is rather pedestrian. A tad pricey.Vampires have been everywhere. And people are so into them. Call me old school, but unless it's Brad Pit sucking my blood, I'm taking all measures to protect myself from vampires. Especially the one from Twilight, who sparkles in the sun. Hummus has the secret-- their hummus is so garlicky creamy delicious that you can devour the whole tub and walk around with a scent that repels the evils (and, unfortunately, your lover). 
P.S. best pita I've had in the city. Hands down. Warm, fluffy, delightful.Hummus Grill is a great eatery, especially for those who are mindful of their diet but still want to feel like they are indulging in food. 
I recommend the following:
The Roasted Pear Salad (what I typically order) 
The Combination Platter (a great option for the "starving")
Sides of Falafel (delicious! Also great added to the roasted pear salad)
Everything was delicious and well prepared. I try to make healthy choices when dining out, while my boyfriend (or friends and family who don't care about calories) is usually there to EAT... hummus grill ensures that everyone is happy and satiated!I went in here after coming over for some business in the area. It was around 2:30-3pm when I got in and I was hungry. I ended up getting the shawarma sandwich. It came out fairly quickly. The vegetables in the sandwich were pretty good and tasted like they were fairly fresh(They had that nice crunch you get with freshly prepared vegetables). The shawarma meat was plentiful, but it was bland and pretty overcooked. 
Gonna have to find another place to get some good Middle Eastern food around here. This isn't going to cut the mustard.I just ordered delivery from there from the first time and the food was pretty good. I really enjoyed the lamb and the chicken as well as the hummus. The meat was cooked tenderly which made it enjoyable. The lamb was a little bland but it was still good. Be warned: the veggies are raw (except for the carrots) but they're still good. They delivered the food quickly (something that I always appreciate). 
Overall, the food was good, but not overwhelming. I'll probably order again. 
P.S. The whole wheat pita was tasty!I hate the disconnect between how I feel about a place and how I want to feel about a place. I've been passing this very forthcoming spot since I got here, and tonight in a dinner-seeking desperation, I stopped in. It's clear that in a past life, this place was a garage, but if you didn't see the outside, you'd never guess. It's very clean, I'll give them that. Sadly, that's pretty much their only saving grace. I got a falafel sandwich with everything except the hot sauce, natch, and was disappointed to see that that meant including pickles on there too. I'm a strong disbeliever in pickles on a sandwich. Yes, that makes me a horrible southerner for not liking the traditional "chicken sandwich" as I grew up knowing it. I care not. Maybe it's because this is my first time eating falafel and I just plain don't like it, but my stomach has not been happy with me ever since ingesting this messy amalgamation of condiments and dry carbs.
Oh, one more thing: the veggies are super fresh. I enjoyed that part... marginally. My best advice is go in knowing exactly what you want, exactly how you want it. Hummus may not share the Soup Nazi's curtness in customer service (in fact, the cashier was very friendly), but it's definitely a beast you want to familiarize yourself with before going into battle. No falafel for me!Delicious and filling. I love the pita and the hummus, and the meat options are all cooked and seasoned great (I've tried the Schnitzel Platter and Beef Kabob Platter).  A little pricey to eat here often, but you definitely get good value.This is my kind of food, but this was not my kind of restaurant. I have eaten there two or three times in the last couple of weeks, and each time confirms what I don't like: the service and the food. The last time I went, my friend and I really only wanted to sit down during the work day, have tea and talk for a short time. We ordered tea and some pastry and sides (only becuse we felt badly just ordering tea). However, the tea took a very very very long time to arrive. In fact, we went back to the cashier several times to ask for it until finally they realized no one boiled the water for it. Then, once we got the tea, we had to wait again for the milk. By time that arrived, the tea was gone. The pastry was mediocre, and the sides were too dry.  Do not get falafel there.  It is much better at several other places nearby.  The grape leaves similarly are not the best you can find in University or Center city.  I'd go again but only if I was already in the area and desperate for something they offer.For the longest time, I falsely believed Hummus Grill was an eyesore on Walnut Street, another corporate food establishment catered to the busy college crowd (e.g., Jimmy John's, Chipotle).  But look closer and you will discover a no-frills, if not authentic, Mediterranean grill, serving satisfying and, at times, nutritious Turkish cuisine.  I can't pretend to be a gastronome, so I'll describe the usual late-night order:  freshly skewered and seasoned chicken kabobs, tucked in between warm soft pita bread, with a dollop of rich hummus and salted cabbage.  The enjoyable fusion of these heavy and light tastes and nourishing portions have allowed Hummus Grill to enter my exclusive list of approved dining options in West Philadelphia.  And they deliver.I always get the same thing. Falafel platter with baba g and eggplant, fries and hummus. You get so much food for around $10. I am truly stuffed when I am done and it tastes great. One of the best falafel platters around for your money. BUT. You do have to inspect your platter because they will forget something. This past sunday night, picked up my girlfriend from work and she went in and picked it up and didnt bother checking it and they forgot the eggplant and 2 sauces. Not a huge deal, but still, its a pain, because as your leaving the cash register you then have to find a table, sit down, open up the bag of food, figure out if theres anything missing, the food is hot, so  your usually using  your dirty hands, then getting hot food on  your hands, then you have to close up the food again. And its not just the falafel platter they miss stuff on, my girlfriend gets other items and they forget to include stuff as well. Oh well, its close enough I guess.This is the place to get a unique dish of hummus with chicken and fried eggplants that I can't get enough of. Very delicious and will fit right into your budget. Right near the U Penn campus so if you are a student there I envy you!!!
The hummus is a bit thick but still very yummy!Ordered the lamb kabob platter. I think it was delicious but my inebriated state due to EE could have skewed my perception of things. So my apologies ahead of time if you end up going here and it's disgusting.This is my go-to lunch spot in UCity. While I have sampled much of the menu, I return to the baba ganooj on whole wheat pita. It is delicious, filling and vegan! The baba is especially yummy - very smokey and creamy, set off nicely by the crisp cabbage and hot sauce. Perfection in a pita!Since Rami is no more, Hummus has become my quick stop for a falafel in this area. They are well priced at about $5 and quickly made. I like the toppings they include as their standard plus a little hot sauce. The falafel balls have a nice consistency and a slightly crunchy exterior.Friendly helpful staff.  I had a falafel pita sandwich and my mother had a lamb pita sandwich.  Excellent taste and fresh ingredients.  Made to order.I decided to come here since I was going to the Bridge for a movie (which is kitty korner from this place).  I ordered a falafel platter and my friend ordered a chicken kebab platter. 
Positives:  My falafel platter was pretty good. The falafel balls were warm and not too dry and the salad was fresh.  I loved that the fries still had their potato skins on and the pita was soft and fluffy (though not whole wheat).  
Negatives: Unfortunately I thought it was ridiculous that for the side salad, you could only pick two ingredients.  Since when is a salad composed of only two items?  It was also obvious the server behind the cash register did not want to be there as she was not friendly and rushed our order.  Oh, I forgot to mention that my friend's chicken kebab was mostly burned.  
Despite the great location, I prefer Mama's falafel (20th and market) any day.I am so very surprised that Hummus rating is 3,5 stars! There is no tastier food on earth (I'm not talking about home cooked meal). I have been eating there for a year already and don't remember the time I was even nearly disappointed.
The line is always going fast and cashiers are friendly as  they know you forever. They misspell my name almost every time, it became a game to me and I am happy as a baby when they do spell it right!
Sandwiches are the best here, cause they are not heavy and you can choose the ingredients. I get felafel with whole wheat pita or shawarma!
The order is ready fast and food is fresh always! 
I also love the reward program: in spite of being busy, they still give you motivation to come more!
 I hope they will have another locations soon, one of which will be in the Rittenhouse Sq.It feels so refreshing get away from Rittenhouse square area and up to university city. I liked the busy vibe and ethnic food options. 
Needed to grab quick bite after movie and we stopped by Hummus grill. Got Chicken Schwarma platter with eggplants and beef kabob. 
The portion was generous and veggies seemed fresh. My chicken was tender and delicious, I liked it a lot. Hummus was decent but I wouldn't say it was great. Egg plants was little too greasy. I wish I ordered beet salad instead. It looked better. 
It looked like fast food chain and service was fast. Dining area was little cold since customers kept coming in and out. It was definitely busy place. 
I don't think I want to eat there again. To go maybe..Oh man, get the Falafel for 4.95 and be prepared to enjoy!I'm not sure I have ever spoken to someone as snotty as Rebecca when she answered the phone tonite. We waited over 1 hour for our sandwiches to be delivered to our workplace 0.5 miles away - including waiting at the front door for 10 minutes because the driver said he was sitting at the front door (was a lie). When I called Rebecca to tell her that the pita bread for the sandwiches had completed disintegrated/fallen apart as it apparently was soaked through with liquid, she said that was my problem, and they were a very busy restaurant, and hung up on me!!! wow - i have never heard a person who is supposed to be in customer service behave this way. never ordering from this place again!I love Hummus - I just moved to the area and live around the corner. I'm working from home and have been looking for inexpensive, convenient and tasty lunch places. Hummus is great - I love their falafel and shawarma, it tastes like the Middle East right here in West Philly. The falafel was great and the shawarma was tasty and the chicken was tender. The only downside is that it takes a little while if it's crowded; if you call ahead and order, it's ready when you get there. Prices are very reasonable - definitely a lunchtime staple!Love this place for delivery (never eaten in the restaurant itself, but don't expect a great ambience). Great hummus, kibbeh, awesome lamb kebob, sharwama, AND the delivery is fast and friendly.Awesome!  Food is good, filling and healthy.  Platters are huge.  If you get the sample platter you can share it with another person!  My BF love this place whenever we are in the city looking for a quick and tasty meal.Pretty great fast food-sit in type place such as chipotle with similar pricing. We were actually stopping for the chipotle down a few doors when we decided to check this place out. It was our first visit and we will definitely go back. I had a falafel which I though was fresh and tasty. I got it with everything on it. I also enjoyed the spicy sauce and white sauce on the side. My boyfriend got a salad with grilled chicken that he said was flavorful. The salad portion was a good size and came with pita bread. I was happy that they offered a whole wheat pita that tasted fresh and is pretty hearty. Now that I found this gem, will definitely be back to try more things on the menu!
Hi Fabrice, I would have loved a spicier green sauce with real ground green chilis. There is a place in Chicago called Naf Naf that I really crave their hot sauce.  My boyfriend commented that the chicken was flavorful but slightly dry. Overall I thought it was a great experience. We will definitely be back!Cool little place. Beef shawarma on whole wheat pita with the home hot sauce. Yummm.I was really impressed by the Chicken Shawarma sandwich here. Tons of meat and very juicy. And I like how there is an array of sauces you can serve yourself. It's also relatively cheap considering its size and deliciousness. 
My only complaint would be the layout of the seating area. The ramp and railings that go down the middle of an already slim restaurant makes awkward and poorly laid out seating arrangements. You're bound to get hit by or hit someone walking through. You also have to jump over a railing or some chairs to get to the table closest to the register. Time for some remodeling or relocating.
Otherwise, this place is a good option for some middle eastern goodness. I'm willing to come back again to try the other items on the menu.Is it the best Mediterranean food I've ever eaten? No. HOWEVER, it's quick, delicious, convenient, and best of all - CHEAP! 
For starters, you can order online - and it's a super user friendly set-up. I ordered the Shawarma Platter for $11. You can choose your pita (I chose whole wheat), rice (white/ brown/ basmati), and 3 sides - I ordered hummus, cucumber/ tomato salad, and baba ganoush. For the same food at other establishments, I've paid close to $10 more. I was super impressed with the portions (EASILY two meals!), and the flavors were fresh. The pita was incredible - very fluffy and warm: 10/10 would make a great pillow. My coworker order the SIX DOLLAR (SIX! DOLLARS!!!) falafel sandwich, and it was HEAPING! It must have weighed at least a pound. My other friend ordered the chicken kabob, and it was beautiful. I think I'll venture to try that next time.
They do deliver, but there's a delivery charge. This is a great option for a small last-minute lunch meeting or a quick, delicious dinner option.I fashion myself a "Lebanese foodie," mainly because I grew up eating home-cooked Lebanese food multiple days out of the week. Both of my parents are Lebanese, so this source is not without competence. I have been wanting to dine here for a few years now: my girlfriend and I love Lebanese food, and we have been to Cedars, Alyans, Bitars, Manakeesh, King Tut's, Boutrous', and King Tut's - all multiple times. Unfortunately Hummus is my least favorite of them all.
First the good news: the price is great! Middle Eastern food can be very labor-intensive, and consequently very expensive (try picking parsley for an hour to make Tabboule!). Second, the atmosphere is great - smack dab in the middle of University City, it is lively and fun. Unfortunately, the good news ends here.
1. The Tabboule is not good at all. They serve it with WAY too much Burghul (to pronounce this correctly, try saying "butthole"  but with a light T and light H). The parsley to Burghul ratio is horrendous. I will add that they should use number 1(fine) Burghul, not larger ones. Also, not enough lemon is used - this seems to be an ever-present problem with Middle Eastern places.  The weirdest issue I have with the Tabboule is the use of cumin! Save it for the kibbeh and other hushwe, not for mezze items!  
2. The Hummus was sort of a bright spot in an otherwise plane of darkness. My only recommendation is to add a bit more garlic and a more liberal amount of lemon. Texture is perfect!
3. What the Kibbeh was that Kibbeh! I've never seen anything like it! The outside did not have any Burghul kneaded with the meat, and the hushwe (filling in the middle) was...what was it? I could not determine if it was me meat or lenten. It should be minced lamb/beef, minced onion, pine nuts, cumin, allspice, salt and pepper. 
4. The Syrian Bread was too doughy, and lacked a pocket. I think the problem is the lack of a hotter oven (you need a really hot exposed burner to make the bread separate.
5. The Grape Leaves ("Wara 'Enub') were mushy, and compact. I prefer them served warmed, with meat in the middle. I like the ricy kid as well-but not prepared like they did here. 
All in allI was disappointed by this place. Pricing and location were great, but the food product was very sub-par :( I did hear that the owners were Israeli, so maybe the Israeli version of Lebanese food is a bit different? Can anyone on here speak to that? If so, then I do not like Israel's take on Lebanese food. If not, then they definitely missed their target!I KNEWWWW I was forgetting something when I came on yelp to look at drool worthy pictures of food. 
HUMMUS GRILL. 
I have lived in the area for a while but never gave the joint a chance for some reason. I'm glad my stomach decided for me that night to walk inside. It was well heated on such a cold night because of those overhead heat blowers fyi. So don't be way of the cold if you sit near the door .
Anywhooooo, I ordered the pear salad with grilled beef. BEST.SALAD.OF.MY.LIFE. It's so filling but its definitely super expensive.
Must come back again and again!
And great service!I have probably passed this place a thousand times but never tried it until a couple of days ago and I am so glad I did!
I ordered the schwarma platter with a side of cabbage salad, hummus, and mixed tomatoes + cucumbers. All the platters also come with a delicious soft, fluffy pita bread and rice. The chicken schwarma was really good and it went perfectly well with the sides, especially the soft pita bread and hummus. According to lady behind the cashier, the cabbage salad is supposed to be a classic with all platter dishes so I tried it! It's more on the tangy side than sweet, so if you like that I would totally recommend it. For all of that, it came out to be around $11. Everything was reasonably priced. I would say the options are a LITTLE bit more on the expensive side, but for the portions that are offered, I think it's completely worth it.
Hummus grill provides fast and friendly service. It's a quick, grab-and-go place with some seating if you prefer to eat there. It's also in a very convenient location, right beside Penn's campus and smack dab right next to apartment complex, The Radian. I'm definitely coming back here the next time I am craving Mediterranean or need a quick pick-up!I've had the catering before and it is frankly quite bad. But eating here was a completely different experience. The pita bread is thick, soft, fluffy, and fresh. The chicken is actually good quality, rather than the fatty rubbery stuff you get with a catering platter. Overall, excellent value. However, the interior of this place is glaringly colorful and very casual (you are served on plastic trays), so I'd only go here for a casual/quick bite.Haven't been here in a while, after having a rough morning at work, the girl behind the counter says "Hi Hector, I miss you...can I hug you" I obliged. We hugged-made my day! My lunch, the Shwarma sandwich was AMAZING! THANKS AMY!!! this happened about a month ago. Still thinking about it.I have dined here for over 9+ years I can not believe how time flies! The food has always been amazing every time. I dined in yesterday and the combination platter was great the falafel, rice, beef kabob, carrots, tabouli with pita bread. 
The cooks here are very hardworking and do an excellent job making the shawarmas,Kabobs, falafels kudos to them and also the cashiers and everyone making Hummus a great restaurant! The food is made with fresh, and quality ingredients there is a huge option of sides and a lot of vegetarian,meat, sandwich, and wrap selections.I tried Hummus for the first time yesterday 7/6/15 really like the food and would love to go back again if it wasn't for the shitty service it's really nice when the girl your ordering food from is rolling her eyes at you sorry to bother you at work what a dick I am for ordering food the audacity of metoo pricey for me, being that its not an actual restaurant but rather a place you order and seat yourself (a la qdoba, chipotle, etc). the pita was fresh and the garlic hummus was creamy. but i wouldnt go out of my way to go back, there are so many better options around philly that can serve that.This place looks absolutely minuscule from the outside, because it is surrounded by immense behemoths of buildings.  And you go in...and it's still pretty darn tiny.
Very good, fresh food, reasonably cheap.  And...surprise!!!  They have authentic, Mexican-style salsa verde to put on your middle-eastern-influenced falafel sandwich.  Everything I've ordered here has been good.  Good vegetarian options, lots of fresh veggies, a very balanced meal.
My only complaints?  It's cramped inside...easy to trip over everyone, hard to find a table when busy...there is very little indoor seating.  And...the second complaint, it's awkward the way they have the register set up...sometimes they run the register behind the door into the back, and you just order at the front but can't pay there...it seemed a bit strange to me.  But I keep coming back in spite of these things...try to go here at an off-hour, or a sunny day though, so you can actually get a seat.
Also, one more piece of advice: order a sandwich, not a platter.  It's cheaper, and the "platter" just has extra carbs and IMHO is not worth the extra money.This place is great for a casual lunch. You have a choice between a meal that's light (salads), medium (sandwich), or heavy (platter). Choose wisely, for you are also committing to a possibly-irreversible afternoon sleepiness level. If you don't have class after lunch, I say go all out!
At 1, there are plenty of seats for small parties. The platters, priced at $9.50+, come with plenty of food (fries, choice of meat, salad, hummus, pita) and are great for sharing. I requested extra hummus on my chicken breast sandwich, half-expecting them to charge me extra, but nope, it was on the house.This review is for their catering services!
I've had hummus catered a few times since my last post, and I think the prompt delivery as well as quantity of food warrants another star (the food itself is 3/5). For University events, they know how to deliver on the quantity. The platters have lots of falafel that's nicely crunchy and crispy, although there's a lot of leftover oil. The chicken kabobs were great - juicy, large chunks of meat! I think the chicken shwarma is a bit dry, although the small pieces were definitely good for stuffing inside the pitas. 
Lots and lots of hummus. Overall, good presentation, timely delivery.Worst customer service ever! I used to love the food, but when the manager was rude to me over the phone and hung up on me because THEY FORGOT TO SEND MY PITA BREAD WITH 2 of the 3 meals, it definitely left a bitter taste in my mouth. No thanks, I'll take my $35 for take out elsewhere.Let us start with... I LOVE THIS PLACE. 
1. The portions are epic and quality is consistent. 
2. The staff are damn friendly. I always ordered a kebab plate. I get 3 sides with that but I only like the israeli salad and their carrots, both of which are really well made. Fresh cucumbers and soft-cooked carrots drowned in some awesome sauce. So for my 3rd side I ask if I can get fries and the counter girl obliged with a smile - most servers would roll their eyes for me being troublesome. I have done this all the 4 times i've been there and I have never been turned down, never got the eye roll or the brusque 'yeah sure'.
3. I love the chicken. It has this smoky flavour, is tender and well-marinated. The best part is the meal comes with this warm and super pillowy pita. I always save the best for last; the pita. God, I love the pita. I dream of it.First and Foremost-This place is a no frills ,quick food kinda place.Dont go here expecting a fancy middle eastern place.This is perfect if you want a quick meal.
They are pretty vegetarian friendly.My favorites were the Baba Ganoush and the Portabello wrap.The mushroom is always perfectly done and super tasty.You get a huge wrap for 6$ and it makes a pretty good meal.
They also have a rewards program-every 50$ you spend earns you a free meal.I found the good the be enjoyable and think it's a great bang for your buck. The food seems fresh and he serving sizes are good. Pretty standard hummus and Mediterranean (American) food. I have only gotten take out here because the location is quite small inside without too much seating. They have always gotten my order correct and haven't forgotten any items I have ordered!This place is the same as the Ardmore location. Same Great taste, same feel, same taste, different layout which I'm ok with, and Amazing customer service!!!Best Chicken Shawarma in Philly! Yes it is pricey but one sandwich will never let you feel empty for hours, I grantee :)
Staff are nice, they help you with menu and understanding the variety there.
Services is fast and nice decor.
I did not like their Falafel but yes it is optionalThe falafel sandwich here has a great variety in taste and the tahini sauce they have really makes it an enjoyable meal. Conveniently located right off of Upenn's campus and a few blocks away from 40th st station, Hummus grill provides a quick service a clean table and the owner Fabrice is a relaxed and caring guy. Good spot!I really like this place for delicious middle eastern food without a long wait, but perhaps the best review I could give is that my Israeli friend David won't go anywhere else in the city for hummus and pita.  Of course, we haven't been to Dizengoff's yet, so that could change ;-)No complaints about the food, but the staff is lacking in professionalism.  I once ate here on a less than busy Sunday and was shocked to find one of the girls who worked the cash register painting her toes at one of the tables in between customers.  That was a first for me in any restaurant I have been too and makes me question the controls in place regarding the cleanliness of this place. I will look elsewhere for places to eat.I discovered Hummus during it's opening celebration and was lured in by the promise of free food (I know, I'm cheap). The jolly owner greeted each guest as they entered, offering a sampler platter of middle eastern specialties. 
Penn's campus has been missing a good Middle Eastern Restaurant. While I've frequented Middle Eastern food carts, they close early and aren't open on weekends. Hummus has great food and moderate prices -- exactly what college students are constantly looking for.I've been here twice. The first time i came I hadn't even finished my meal and I had the wooorst stomach ache. Didn't feel good for the rest of the day. The second time I came (i wanted to be fair and give it another shot) i wasn't disappointed! Pretty good hummus, pitas were good and so was the falafel. 3 stars because of the first experience.If you don't mind the greasiness, this place is packed with flavor.  I love their falafel which is different than any others I've tried.  They are flat on each side but still round and they aren't really crunchy (the outside "crust" is quite thick), but the inside is packed with flavor (I imagine from lots of garlic?).  It's a strange green color and very dark brown on the outside, but I assure you, the falafel is tasty.  
The hummus here is really creamy, much creamier than I've ever had it before (i.e., not grainy AT ALL).  The salads here are quite big but I usually get a platter/combo (hummus or Shawarma) so I can have some sides (my favorite are the eggplant, beets and pickled cabbage).  They don't have lemony potatoes but they have potato salad, which I'm not a big fan of.  They have a strange carrot side that I'm not crazy about and the cucumber/tomato salad is bland (but you may want to opt for this if you find all the other food too heavy).
I don't recommend the Schnitzel and the Combination Platter for $12 can definitely be split between 2 people.  I have heard mixed reviews but I love the french fries here.  They are crispy on the outside, but has lots of potato on the inside.  I'm more of a shoestring fries type of person but I like the thicker fries here because they are flavorful and not soggy.  The combo platter comes out like mushu pork where you make your own "pancakes"/pita sandwich but I like the way they make it for you so definitely try ordering a sandwich on its own or the shawarma platter--all the ingredients come together very nicely.  There are a lot of things going on in the pita (pickled cabbage, creamy hummus, the meat, cucumbers, tomatoes) but I think they all taste awesome and you get so many flavors with each bite.  You also get a choice of wheat or white pita so you can opt to be a bit healthier with the wheat.
I've also done catering through here and the food is just as good.  I always ask for their tahini and harif sauces--the harif is REALLY spicy and wonderfully delicious.  This is more like a take-out joint but there's plenty of seating.  I've gone for lunch or dinner and I have never had trouble finding a seat.We ordered a Schnitzel and one Shawarma Sandwich. While the Shawarma was acceptable, I got food poisoned from eating their Schnitzel, which already looked disgusting and must have been days old.I don't know what took me so long to eat here! I love the food and LOVE the obviously labeled vegan options. I just wish the seating was a bit more comfortable. I was chilly eating that close to the door.been here several times and the people working  here are always friendly, warm and helpful.
loved the shwarma, but disappointed that the dark meat chicken (the best part) is layered with lamb fat...so be aware if you choose not to eat red meat, especially lamb, choose something else!
s.d.It wasn't my favorite - sorry!  I felt that the hummus lacked flavor, I prefer mine to have a little tang and not taste just like chickpeas.  The Isreali salad was exactly as it is - tomatoes, cucumber and onion....no other seasoning....again, bland.  I so wanted to like it - but it fell short for me.  I got the combo plate and the salad plate (hummus and isreali salad) and it all came with 1 piece of bread...it worked - but that is just because I didn't even come close to eating much - if it was better food, you would definitely need at least 3 pieces of bread.Food was great! But DO NOT order delivery. They couldn't find my apartment for an hour and half--when I called to complain, the delivery guy came back but needed directions to find my high-rise apartment building in Rittenhouse Square...As of late, Hummus Grill is my favorite quick lunch place near work. The shawarma is amazing and melts in your mouth. I have gotten the sandwich as well as the platter. The sandwich with all the fixings is great, but can be messy, so make sure to grab a fork. As for the platter, you get *a lot* of food. For me it's enough for two days' lunch. Make sure to get the eggplant as one of your sides; it is fabulous! 
Service has always been very friendly and generally fast, even during peak lunch hours. The only annoyance, it's very crowded around the pick-up/order area during peak hours, but I'm not sure how that can be remedied with the space they have.I ordered lunch from Hummus the other day with a friend at work. We used Grub Hub and it made it to our office in Olde City only 20 minutes after we ordered it. 
I had the falafel platter, and it was really delicious. The falafel was crispy on the outside with plenty of texture on the inside- just how I like it. I had the hummus on the side,  which was perfectly creamy and balanced. You also get to choose two little side salads, so I went with the cucumber & tomatoes and the tabouleh. Both were really bright and fresh tasting, and the perfect contrast to the richness of the falafel and hummus. 
My only gripe was that the little cup of tahini I received was definitely watered down. It had no flavor at all and literally pored like water. Come on, guys, you can do better than that. I'll definitely order again, but stop doing that!A center city branch of the west Philly place.   Awesome chicken shawarma!!!!   Everything is delicious.  Really glad it's here.  I expect that I will coming over often.  It's a long hike from my office, but it is some of the best middle eastern in town.Great job with the food and service yet again.The lamb kabobs are so amazing and unique tasting. Great falafel. Love the hot sauce, tahini and pickles. Great place in Phila and mainline for middle eastern! Thanks!I was in a rush and quickly picked something from the menu. I had the chicken kebob sandwich and it was delicious. I can't stop thinking about it. Looking forward to going back and trying their other menu items.I stopped in for a lunch salad after a busy morning running errands. The staff were friendly and helpful when I appeared to be baffled by the extensive menu. I order the pear and walnut salad since it was a bit too hot for falafel. In hindsight, I should have ordered the falafel, hummus and pita sandwich (well, not all of them in one sitting)!
I stopped by around 11:45 AM on a Wednesday and the sitting area is pretty much filled and orders were coming in on the phone. This is probably due to the fact that it is located on the Jefferson Hospital campus. My order was completed and it was a good size salad. The ingredients were fresh and delicious. I will definitely come back the next time I want some hummus or falafel.Best value for grilled salmon in Philly! 
I've had the salmon curry in Reading Terminal Market at the Thai place, and this is better (the skin is on when they cook it). For $7, it's a good deal.
Also the grilled lamb is very good. The platters are a very good deal for $10.Swung by here for lunch the other day.  I got the salmon platter, and for $12 I received a piece of salmon that lasted 2 lunches over an equally as impressive bed of rice, a fresh piece of pita bread, hummus, tabouli and eggplant (my choice of an array of sides), a clinatro-lime creamy sauce and a more spicy salsa-like sauce.  It's a pretty healthy sized lunch... and also a pretty healthy lunch which i felt good about.  The salmon was fresh, cooked very well, and kept me full all day.  The rice was very aromatic and delicious.  The eggplant was fried and warm, and the hummus and tabouli were pretty much a dream.  I took pieces of the pita and made little sandwiches.  
Overall, i really enjoyed my lunch.  I'd come back here in a heartbeat!Oh yes, I love Hummus Grill as it fulfills my workday lunch fix :-)
It actually took me three tries to realize which platter style I actually liked.  This isn't due to its inability to make good food - oh, it's GOOD - but it's due to the variety of dishes and side dishes that Hummus Grill offers!  Ok, here's my ultimate combo: the lamb kabob with a wheat pita - which is soooo fluffy! - and three sides: tabouli, beets (!!!), and french fries.  Ok, so, the french fries should actually change into something healthier, but sometimes work is stressful ;-)  Ok ok, enough of me taking your diet to the dark side...
I haven't tried any non-platters, but I'm sure that they make them with love.  Thanks, Hummus Grill, for bringing us more non-falafel (though they do have them), Mediterranean food!So I have to admit I've seen this location in University City numerous times, and it always gave me the "college fast food vibe."  With so many great spots like this (mamas etc) that are good, I never gave this place a chance.  
While sick, I didn't want to venture too far away to get a good sandwich.  This place came up on my app, and I walked the couple of blocks to grab lunch.  Speaking of apps, if you check in here you get $1 off a dinner sandwich.  I saved that one to use later.  
I ordered a falafel sandwhich.  He asked if I wanted "everything" which is cucumbers, cabbage, hummus, hot sauce, lettuce, tomato, and onions.  I was the only one in here and lunch which made me pretty nervous.  
In a couple of minutes I was served, and I was pretty surprised.  This really hit the spot.  I'm not going to say that every ingredient was the freshest, but it was good and for $5.50 you won't hear me complain.  The only part I didn't like was the fact that at the end the pita was soggy.  It was from the hot sauce which when applied once you get the sandwich is pretty watered down.  
This place is fast, cheap, healthy, and leaves you full without feeling grossed out.  I will be back.Really solid place. Delivery is fast and reliable. Chicken shwarma is their star player -- perfectly seasoned and juicy, good to the last bite. Portions are generous and sides aren't bad either. The falafel is green, which shows that they are serious, know what they are doing, and aren't poseurs. The lamb kebab could be better seasoned and less overcooked, but whatever. You won't really get better around here for this price.Love the lamb platter and of course the hummus!!! I always get that with extra pita! The cigars are good too. I always say I order something different when I go but for some reason I end up with that darn lamb platter it's so good!!! Tender, seasoned well and they do give you a substantial amount of food I'm not always a fan of bigger is better but in this case... I def am! I swear one day I'll order something else.... maybe.Average food for the price.  Good for a quick lunch and their takeout is great.  
They have a loyalty card and once you visit a certain number of times you can then get so much worth of free food.  
Friendly service.  Just nothing spectacular.Ordered from GrubHub last night for delivery - which was FAST, half the time that was estimated! BUT... 
I'd rather you got my order CORRECT. Upon opening the bag we found that they had forgotten our order of grape leaves completely, and they had forgotten a side of beets (GrubHub described it as "beet salad", but whatever) on one of the platters. I called right away, and was told that they could "credit me" for the grape leaves - they would add a note to my account(?). No offer to send someone else out to make our order right. And now I have to order from you again in order to get my grape leaves? Poor customer service. Hence the two stars.
Food was decent and priced well - for ~$12 the combo platter gets you falafel, shwarma, a protein of your choice (we had lamb), rice or fries, and three (smallish) portions of sides (e.g., baba ganouj, hummus,tabouli, that beet "salad"), plus sauces. 
Oh - GrubHub may not be accurate, too. We almost ordered the "Moroccan cigars" which were supposed to come with potato or your choice of meat, but when we tried to order the only options were potato or meatless soy. (Hummus Grill, you might want to check out the accuracy of your online menu - including the beets/beet salad issue.)I like the Hummus Grill in Ardmore and go there quite often.  So when I was in the city I thought I would stop by this location and pick up dinner.  It seemed like a good time as I was the only person in the restaurant.
This location is smaller and far less clean than the Ardmore location.
When I arrive I was the only customer and one employee was on duty.  She took my order for four meals.  
Shortly her colleague arrived back from a delivery and the two of them got into a terrible fight.  She wanted him to help and he was off duty.  She said she had some catering orders to fill and the two of them started to scream at each other.  The "f" bomb flew!  It was quite the scene.  If I had not already paid for my meal I would have gotten up and left.
Some other person came in who I assume was a manager or owner.  The male employee left and he helped out.  The female was complaining about work, the schedule and fellow employees.  The whole scene was highly unprofessional.
I got my meal home and I am not sure why, but the same thing I order in Ardmore just tasted worse from this location.
I will continue to go back to the Ardmore location but I will stay clear of this location!You can't get more bang for your buck in Center City. The food is so consistently delicious, and it is possible to eat healthily here if you are feeling virtuous. 
I always get the shawarma platter with sides of beets, cabbage and carrots.
The staff is always efficient and polite whether you dine in, take out, or get deliveries.For the most part the food is good. I wull speak for the 11th st location. The owner works there, and he isn't very pleasent. They've been going through employees, the happy ones depicted are no longer there. The owner left me a disturbing message on my cell phone, when he was the one that gave me the information, and in turn left me a nasty, untruthful message. He overcooks the fish, and doesn't follow directions. His mexican cooks are great though.Food was fast, cheap & delicious! I had the combo platter, with rice, beef carrots, eggplant and hummus. GET THE EGGPLANT!! Very clean and pleasant environment. Will definitely be back for more!The kabobs were delicious - the flavor was there and the kabobs were not dry. The customer service was super nice also, definitely will go back again!I came in here yesterday evening. I figured I would check out the new Hummus Grill. I ordered the chicken kabob platter with hummus, tabouli & baba ghanoush.
So here is also a little confession. I am half Middle Eastern. I am Egyptian & I have grown up around a lot of Middle Eastern food. Maybe, I am a little spoiled because of that. But, I was not too crazy about Hummus Grill.
The chicken wasn't that flavorful. I have definitely had better food. This place is okay and it is definitely decent for lunch but, I have had better for the price that you pay here. Honestly, I have had better out of the lunch truck. 
However, you do get a lot of food for the price you pay and you will definitely have left over's. Everything is very clean & the service was good. I just wish the food was better quality. But, for that I suppose you are definitely better off going to a restaurant.So good and such a friendly staff! I previously would always venture down to south street to get med food, and while that is still a great option, I now much prefer hummus! The atmosphere is casual and laid back. The food here does not remind me of what I would typically consider fast food or chain restaurant quality. The combination platter is fabulous and so is the lamb and chicken shawarma. 
Have a hot date? They are byob! In fact, my now fianc took me there for valentines with a great bottle of wine and some roses. That's how good the food is.Having recently moved to this neighborhood, I can envision sandwiches from Hummus joining my regular takeout rotation. Prices at this outpost aren't, say, food cart cheap, but I'll gladly pay a couple more bucks for the spotless kitchen/dining area, superior eats, and friendly service.
All three sandwiches we ordered arrived overflowing with our fillings of choice and all the fixings. In fact, the thick, doughy pitas burst at the seams due to a combination of a lot of fillings (good) and a lack of toasting (bad). Each variety of pita sandwich tasted great, however. I dug the shawarma's ideal combination of crispy, charred bits of chicken with more tender morsels. The Hummus staff fries and seasons their falafel fritters better than does Maoz around the corner, with each bite suggesting earthy chickpea and grassy parsley. The baba ganoush carries smoky notes and roasted vegetable sweetness equally, as it should.
Of course, each sandwich benefits from a hit of pickled hot sauce or herbed tahini from the counter. The staff acted friendly even by non-fast food (and non-Philly) standards, and the premises were immaculate as previously mentioned. A welcome option for a quick, hearty lunch in Wash Square West.I got the falafel wrap (my go-to at Mediterranean restaurants), and was not disappointed.  I did not do any substitutions.  The pita was good quality, and the falafel itself was well seasoned.  They add a little bit of heat to the sandwich, and it was calibrated perfectly.  It did seem a bit dry some bites, but it wasn't a huge detractor.  Overall my biggest complaint was that I wanted more when I was finished!  Don't get me wrong, they gave a good portion, it was really just that good!Their pita bread is AMAZING. I got the falafel platter, which was huge. Easily could have been shared by two people. The sides I tried were the fried eggplant (very tasty), potato salad (just ok. Potatoes were mostly tender but had one crunchy one.), rice, and hummus (great!). The standout to me was the pita bread. Soft and warm and fresh. Delicious. Will definitely visit again.Hummus Grill, I really want to like you because you're close to my house, and a healthier option than fast food. But you're just okay. I got the chicken shwarma platter, the best part of the meal was the rice, and I think it's because it had some sort of oil in it, I did quite enjoy the rice. The chicken was kind of dry, and the flavor was heavier on turmeric/not quite as well rounded in profile as shwarma normally is. Might consider coming back to try another item, just because of the proximity factor. More seating inside than I was expecting looking at the place from the outside.They continue to do a great job at Hummus Grill. Got a large catering order recently and everyone was impressed with the quality of the food. They clearly get it. All the salads and meats are seasoned perfectly. The service is also very friendly and efficient.Great menu, fresh items.  Real life saver for 10:00 p.m. (ish) snack!After getting my hopes and dreams shattered by a mediterranean place in Jersey early in the week, I decided I need to cleanse the disappointment in taste buds by coming back to Hummus Grill for some  of that delicious combination platter. 
Ordered what I had last time with the beef kabob platter. Super tender and flavorful beef and chicken with delicious hummus, fresh baba ganoush and tasty falafels (for real though, the falafels are like very low-key fire. You wouldn't think they would be that good being a side dish, but they could be one of the best I've had). Even the pita was oven fresh and very substantial. Needless to say, everything about Hummus Grill was amazing, even down to how cheap it is. For $13, I got two meals worth of food.My go to meditarranean/ falafel place. I also love the fried eggplant. Am craving fresh falafel now!Bang for the buck, plain and simple.  Portions are big and the food tastes as if it were twice as expensive.  I usually go for the shawarma or beef kabob platter.  The shawarma maintains its juiciness, while still having some crisp to it from roasting on the spit.  The beef kabobs are cooked on sword-like stakes (according to tradition) and have a distinctive flavor.  My favorite sides are the eggplant, hummus, and tabouleh.  
The concept of the restaurant appeals to me as well: to serve great Mediterranean food cheaply, without all of the cheesy decor and music you get at some more traditional places.  If you are looking for a greasy, hole-in-the-wall place, look elsewhere.  The space is well appointed, and the service staff are friendly and welcoming.  Hummus has become one of my go-to places in Philly for a tasty, quick, cheap, satisfying meal.  Would highly recommend.Well.. I purchased a groupon an afterwards I noticed it was for a location I had never been too Center City. So I hardly go to Center City so my offer ended up expiring but was still good for the amt I paid. So I decided to go on my lunch break to use it an I had to explain or read the offer to the clerk because he didn't understand which was ok no big deal. I placed my order a chicken kabob platter an a salmon salad to go. There wasn't a sole in the place which was weird being thgh it was downtown an lunch time. I usually frequent the university city location. I get back to work to eat an the food is prepared differently. My kabobs wasn't cut like kabobs usually are I pretty much had pieces that looked like chicken breast. The hummus was loose but I'm going to eat it cause I love hummus. Everything abt the platter kinda tasted differently and has a lot of paprika on the chicken an hummus. I haven't eaten the salmon salad yet but it looks good. More then likely I'll be going back to university city location they win hands down!After reading the reviews a places an order for delivery for the chicken kabob platter and a chicken sharwma pita.  I also got a side of hummus and baklava.  
The chicken dishes were good but just a bit dry.  Their white sauce was a greenish sauce and it was good but not the same.  The hummus was totally bland though.  However the pita that came with it was amazing. It wOrdered Shawarma sandwich lunch today from Hummus Grill and it was amazing! Love it! Thank you!I went the first time and had the Lamb Kabob sandwich $8.95 that I really enjoyed. They stuff the pita so much you'd have to eat it with a folk first. 
The Baklava for $1.95 was pretty good too. I was so excited to see they had it because I haven't had one in a long time!
However, the 2nd time I came back & brought my friends, it was a disappointment. I had the Chicken Kabob $7.95 sandwich this time. It was dry & just not as good as last time..
Probably won't be back.. Sadly because I was very excited about a hummus place!This is a good place for a quick lunch. Service is fast and friendly. Place was clean. Had the falafel sandwich on wheat pita. It was a good sized portion at a reasonable price. I thought the taste of the sandwich was ok, average. I'd try them again but would try a different dish, maybe a platter next time, since those looked better.loved the falafel sandwich. I eat it every time I have an overnight shift at Jefferson and its great each time. Prices are very reasonable. Thanks for having vegan options!This food was really  really bad. I was really hungry but I couldn't even force myself to eat this horrible  food. The chicken shawarma and baba ganoush had a weird kick to it. I thought I was imagining it but my friend made the same comment. We concluded that the food had to be old. The tomato and cucumber salad had no seasoning. I mean not even basic salt and pepper.  I couldn't even mess with that greasy hummus. How do you mess up hummus? I really hope we don't get sick.  Delivery took an hour. I only ordered from here because of high reviews on grub hub.  This was a complete fail.3.5 stars!  delicious place to grab a bite. Clean place (just opened) and very friendly service. Shawarma is okay- a bit dry and not as flavorful as I would have hoped. Salad is very large and full of veggies. I like the lemony dressing. The falafel is pretty good. The beef kabob was delicious! Platters come with two sides and rice. Hummas and cabbage sides were really good!
They have a nice Shwarma bowl deal with rice, beets, and cucumber salad that is $7. great deal.
Prices are very good for the amount of food you get.Service is atrocious. After waiting over 1.5 hours for a food delivery (restaurant was closed and unreachable by this point), the food finally arrived. Well, if you can call it food. Sauces had exploded over the entire order, making everything (e.g., rice, pita, etc) soggy and revolting. To top it off, the lamb was ice cold. I was also told by a Seamless representative that the owner/manager she spoke to was horribly rude to her. Needless to say, I will not be back.My current favorite delivery restaurant! They get my order perfect every time! My personal test was ordering lamb. So hard to get lamb that is not chewy & inedible. Hummus grill does lamb right! Melts in your mouth! Delish!Loved this place instantly.  I like that it's open until 10:00 on Monday because take out places seem to close a little early (its predecessor closed at 9:00).  Great chicken kabob and wonderful tabbouleh.  Staff is really nice, I called the next day to say I enjoyed my meal and Chris (owner? manager?) was thrilled to hear.  Very nice guy.  It's on speed dial.  I miss Santa Fe but am quite pleased to have this little spot in it's place.
Part two:  Did I mention that I love this place?  Went again last night.  Super nice staff takes good care of hot,  hungry diners!  Very fresh tasting sides to vary the great kebabs!I might need to come again to make a final verdict, but I really didn't like this place. I didn't read the reviews before I came, but as I'm skimming through them now, everyone's raving about the shwarma. It's making me wonder if they prepared it wrong for me or what? I got the combination platter (refer to picture) and my shwarma was hella dry! like sip of water after every bite dry and it didn't even have much taste either. Chicken schnitzel wasn't flavored in any way, just tasted like tasteless chicken cutlet My sides were alright; got the tabouli by accident, but it was surprisingly refreshing. the hummus that I tried off of Sean's dish was good. His beef was good too (ha ha knee slap). No, seriously, they did flavor that up. It was probably ground beef kabob that they dressed up with herbs and spices and then grilled. 
anyway, I've had more flavorful Mediterranean/middle eastern food before so I wasn't impressed. I am glad they have a good variety of vegetarian options. Try the halal truck on 11th and walnut too for lamb and rice. they don't disappoint!Chicken kabob platter and falafel were both amazing. Would come back for those, but the chicken shawarma was not so good..Upping my review based completely on the manager's response to my Yelp review - he contacted me, apologized for the experience, and offered to make it up to us. Holding at 3 stars for now & will update after we've ordered again (which we will!).  Thanks for being responsive!We're two NYers who moved to Philly. We have lots of experience with hummus places from Israel, Greece, Egypt, NYC and other places. We were pleasantly surprised when we discovered that just by our new apt, this place opened up a couple of weeks ago. We've eaten here 3 times so far. Amazing. Cheap, excellent quality and large portions. We recommend any of the platters: excellent deal, less than 10$, huge meal including main dish (chicken kebab for example is fantastic) plus pita bread (brought from Israel) and 4 side dishes which are excellent as well- great hummus, beet salad, Israeli salad, and many other options. On the side you get a big plate of pickles/olives and tahini if you want.
Fantastic deal- highly recommended for those who like Mediterranean food.Food was good, a lot of dishes to choice from the menu...The pita with the Falafel was very good, full with good & healthy stuff...The service was fast & the restaurant was  clean and have a nice clean restrooms...I've been here twice and branched out a bit on the menus (including combo platters). I've had a sizable portion of what they offer and my rule of thumb for this place is: even though it's called Hummus Grill, you should avoid anything that's actually grilled here. They brutalize the meat. I had some grilled chicken (the kebab) and while the flavor was fine, it must have been overcooked by 10 minutes or so. Same with the lamb I got as an add-on for the combo platter as well as the grilled salmon. Whoever's on that grill hates meat something fierce.
If you avoid the ruthlessly mistreated grilled items, though, the rest is actually great. The schwarmas are delicious and the sides are great too. These guys have a (really complicated) loyalty card system so if you come by often for the other goodies, you get money off your order. 
For Jeff employees: even though this place isn't perfect, it is the best out of your nearby options. They've also told me that they're trying to work with Jeff to get your meal cards honored here.There are many really fantastic Mediterranean places in Philly, but they're generally further afield of Center City. Hummus Grill is located pretty much smack dab in the middle, and it's easy accessibility makes it pretty popular with the general population - not to mention the reasonable prices. 
Staff here at this casual eatery are friendly. The food is solid too - nothing spectacular to write home about, but you won't be disappointed with the cost/quality. We typically get their platters, which is a fair amount of food: pita (solid), we go with the rice instead of fries, and your choice of three sides. My favorites are the beets, carrots, eggplant, and cabbage - hummus is fine, as is the baba ghanoush, but not as good as other places. The falafel is tasty and satisfying, although we prefer the chicken shawarma above all else (salmon is good but occasionally overcooked, and the kebabs can sometimes be a little dry). I've also enjoyed their salads, especially the salad plate. Great lunch spot right by the hospitals.The food was delicious and reasonably priced.  I had the salmon (overcooked but still yummy) platter on brown rice with (3 sides): tabouli, cucumber-tomato, and OF COURSE hummus with a whole wheat pita.  The hummus was creamy and not garlicky-yay!  I think it was about $9.95 and I will be back.I. Love. Hummus.
I came here with the boyfriend for dinner. He got the falafel, which he said was very good, and I got the chicken kebab platter with rice, beets, hummus and tomato salad.
I took two bites of the rice and thought, oh no, there has to be butter in this. I can't have dairy.
I asked the woman behind the counter, and she flat out listed EVERY ingredient in what I was eating. (Turns out it was olive oil, not butter) All their meats are gluten free, and she was very in the know.
I've since had the shawarma, which is good but reminds me of hotdogs somehow? My absolute favorite is the beet salad. I could eat pounds of that stuff. 
It's a little pricier than other fast food places, but definitely worth it. You get a decent amount of food and it's cooked right in front of you.Stopped here for lunch on our way back to NYC. What a great choice! The shawarma is delicious and the portions are very generous and very decently priced. 
I had the shawarma platter with cabbage, beets and hummus. Everything was well seasoned and fresh. 
And I did mention how great the staff is?service was great.  Place looks nice.  Platters are massive and everything was fresh and tasty.  Yummy whole wheat naan bread.  Fries got a little soggy - but that was take out - I'm sure they are quite good in house.  Fried eggplant was very good - a bit rich (so thin they are basically deep fried potatoe chips, but tasty nonetheless).  I do wish you could get falaffel as a platter side.  Also, the beef kababs are kind of sausage-esque. They were not what I was expecting, but middle eastern food can be quite diverse - perhaps this type of beef sausage is traditional / regional.Having frequented the University City location in the past, I was excited to visit because Hummus usually never disappoints. We were looking for a quick meal on the go and this immediately came to mind. We had the shawarma and combination meat platters. The meat was flavorful but also very greasy. We ordered our meal to dine in, but our food was given to us in to-go boxes. There was also a new cook that day who seemed very inexperienced with the restaurant protocol so they still have a lof of kinks to fix. 
Our sides were pretty standard, there was nothing exceptional with the hummus, carrots, beets and cucumbers and tomatoes.Overall, this is a cheap and easy option for no frills lunch.I've been "meh" about this place since I moved to philly but the rice bowl deal has just won me over. Good price, comes with a drink and delicious! Only missing some hummus to top it offThis place definitely gives you way more than you pay for - my wallet thanks you! The veg falafel platter was SOO big - I ended up with leftovers for days. All the food is amazing too and very fresh! The hummus is amazeballs - you can taste the huge difference between the fresh homemade hummus here and a shitty, store bought one. The owner is super nice and jolly. 
PS - Don't forget to check in on yelp for a deal!The lamb was probably the best meat I've ever put in my mouth. The baklava was phenomenal. The staff was so incredibly friendly. Great food and great experience.I was pleasantly surprised by my dish here last week.  I went with the chicken kabob combo and got a TON of food, so I do think this is one of the best deals in the city for sit-down lunch.  The meat itself was good and I liked the tabbouleh and hummus that came with it.  Their rice was made with butter unfortunately, so I had to opt for their french fries.  They were decent, but not exactly what I was looking for with a Mediterranean meal.  To be honest, I wasn't the biggest fan of their pita bread.  It was too fluffy for me and it wasn't warm.  The workers were also a little standoffish and didn't seem like they wanted to be there, much less help customers.  I know this spot is still relatively new, so I do want to get back here for lunch again.  Hopefully they'll have better pita and happier servers next time!
EDIT: The manager politely reached out to me tonight to let me know that their rice has no butter and that they actually do not use butter in the restaurant at all.  Vegans and the lactose intolerant can rejoice!Finally! I've been looking for a great shawarma place for a while now in the SJ and Philly area and glad I found this!!! Shawarma was great! The only thing is.. The white sauce is a bit different than what I'm used toMediocre at best.  Kibbeh on the appetizer list was mushy and tasted nothing like kibbeh.  The filling inside It was sweat.  Use beef!!  The tabbouleh salad had NO lemon or oil in it which left it tasting like a bitter kale salad. 
As I took a look into the kitchen it ALL made sense. There is a Mexican guy cooking Mediterranean food.  Folks this never ever works out.  MediMexican food = fail!!!!
Take a look at my other reviews. Enjoy eating.3.5 stars!  delicious place to grab a bite. Clean place (just opened) and very friendly service. Shawarma is okay- a bit dry and not as flavorful as I would have hoped. Salad is very large and full of veggies. I like the lemony dressing. The falafel is pretty good. The beef kabob was delicious! Platters come with two sides and rice. Hummas and cabbage sides were really good!
Prices are very good for the amount of food you get.Delivery was amazing! Super fast, 20 minutes before the expected time. In terms of the food, definitely load up on sides, they were delicious. Our favorite were the baba ganoush, beets and eggplant. We got the beef kabobs which were great but the real star was the fried cauliflower...incredible! Extremely similar flavors to Zahav for about 1/3 the price...highly recommend! Only negative was the falafel...nothing special, spend money on another side dish instead!Great new addition to the neighborhood!  
Since I get into work so early in the morning, I take a very early lunch and usually get to places right after they open.  I had checked out the menu and knew exactly what I wanted: schwarma.  Unfortunately, even though they'd been open for 15 minutes, the schwarma wasn't ready so I had to order something else.  I went with the chicken kebob plate with rice, cabbage, carrots, and hummus as my sides.
The chicken was very tender and flavorful with a nice char from the grill, the rice it was served with was cooked perfectly (not overly cooked or mushy) and salted well.  I was most pumped about the carrots but they were actually my least favorite thing and I left almost all of them on my plate.  The cabbage had an acidity that I wasn't expecting but was pleasantly surprised with.  The hummus was very smooth, maybe a little bit too smooth, but had a really great flavor and the pita was soft and pillowy perfect.  
I got a lot of food for the price and it was all very fresh and flavorful.  This place is definitely a great lunch spot and I know I'll be back often!  Hopefully I'll be able to try the schwarma next time!Checked this place out as it opened today, and have to say I'm already impressed.  I'll miss Santa Fe Burrito for sure, but this is a wonderful replacement.
I had the Shawarma, which was very tasty, although not fully caramelized because they were having to serve it so quickly it didn't have time to crisp up on the spit.  However, it's real shawarma and had good flavor.  The sides I had were the hummus (of course), beets, and cucumbers, which were all very solid.
There are still some kinks to be worked out in terms of eat-in business, but I trust it will be rectified in short order.  Solid food, and a great addition to the neighborhood!Well.. I purchased a groupon an afterwards I noticed it was for a location I had never been too Center City. So I hardly go to Center Cuty so my offer ended up expiring but was still good for the amt I paid. So I decided to go on my lunch break to use it an I had to explain or read the offer to the clerk because he didn't understand which was ok no big deal. I placed my order a chicken kabob platter an a salmon salad to go. There wasn't a sole in the place which was weird being thgh it was downtown an lunch time. I usually frequent the university city location. I get back to work to eat an the food is prepared differently. My kabobs wasn't cut like kabobs usually are I pretty much had pieces that looked like chicken breast. The hummus was loose but I'm going to eat it cause I love hummus. Everything abt the platter kinda tasted differently then my usual fav university city. I haven't eaten the salmon salad yet but it looks good. More then likely I'll be going back to university city location they win hands down!The five stars is for the hummus only. My husband recently ran out from Pennsylvania Hospital where I was in maternity ward for six days to get me a snack. So glad he picked this! Warm delicious hummus hit the spot after a few days of hospital food. We bought extra grilled pita too. He got this for me twice and would have been more if they didn't close at 9pm and were closed Sundays. Yum.My wife and I went there for dinner at about 845pm or so. The crowd was leaving by that time. So when we started to order, it was just us. I ordered the chicken shawarma platter (with baba ghanoush, hummus, fries, fried egg plant and regular pita bread). My wife ordered chicken shawarma platter too (with hummus, tabouli, french fried, hummus, rice and regular pita bread). The hummus and Baba ghanoush had great texture but didnt have enough salt. The flavored rice was delicious, definitely a must-have side. The shaved chicken was alright. I was not a big fan of taboul; didnt like it much. Overall, i would give it a 4 / 5. It was a lot of food, we took the left overs home and my wife had a good lunch the next day :)First time here since it recently opened. The staff was really friendly and helpful when ordering. 
We ordered the shawarma platter and lamb kebob platter. The portions were on the friendlier side of large. We opted out of the rice and got another side. The shawarma was tasty with just enough of a char on the outside. The lamb was phenomenal. It was very well seasoned and did not need the extra sauce provided on the side. The veggie sides were decent.  The hummus was fresh. All in all definitely worth going back.Not the greatest falafel.  The balls were on the sour side, pita was OK. I asked for hot sauce and they gave me spicy pickles instead. They were good --actually, they were the best part of the meal. The veggies were the usual suspects -- tomato and cabbage.  I find it a bit weird that they opened around the corner from Maoz. Honestly, I prefer the food cart across the street.I like Hummus Grill for its tasty Mediterranean   food. My favorites are Shawarma in Pita and Shawarma platter with rice, hummus and vegetables. Please do not forget to save some room for Baklava desert with hot Turkish coffee. This is nice small cozy place with very friendly staff. I would prefer music background to be a little less loud but this is just personal preference. In summary I enjoyed my dinner here many times. So if you like Mediterranean food or are brave enough to try I would recommend to stop by this Hummus Grill restaurant.The Hummus Grill is affordable and I don't feel terrible about myself after eating here!
You can get a lot of food for under $15.00. 
If you want your quick hummus fix I suggest this place.After a two days of eating heavy food, with prices to match- we found this place and decided to try it.  After reading the reviews on Yelp, and looking at the menu, the prices seemed good and the pictures looked delicious.  We were not disappointed! For 4 adults we got: the chicken breast platter with fries, potato salad, hummus, and the carrots- the beef kabob platter with , fries, tabouleh, cucumber/tomato salad, and the cabbage. In addition, there was a special that night of vegetable lentil soup. It was soo much food- we couldn't finish it all. And better yet, reasonably priced (actually cheap for the amount of food we got!) And it tasted great! I am a cook, and quite picky about restaurant food- so this was great for me to fine. And my husband, who doesn't necessarily like exotic food- he was able to pick and choose what he wanted from the platters, and declared it "pretty darned good!"I order from here a lot. Chicken kabob platter is good. I like the fact that you can pick your own 3 sides.The food here is delicious, the baba ganoush is out of this world. Oh and the pita-it's fluffy and soft, you can choose white or wheat too. However, almost every time I order take out my delicious pita is forgotten! This is getting very annoying because I love the food here and wish they wouldn't forget it almost every time! I recommend the hummus salad with chicken too. Hummus grille-please, please try to remember the pita next time!Stopped by for lunch and ordered the falafel plate with rice, carrots, tomatoes, hummus and pita.
The food and service were good, dont get me wrong, but did not sway my allegiance away from  Allyans in Queens Village and a couple falafel carts near Independence Mall.Huge fan of this small fledging local chain, since their 1st location opened in U. City what 5,6 yrs ago? Whatever food you order, it's always the same - exceptional! Everything is seasoned perfectly - from the meats to all the delicious salads, hummus, baba g., and also ask for the complimentary excellent pickled hot sauce, olives, hot peppers, and tahini.
They seem to have very high standards for consistency - and train their staff well. Thrilled with location of this newest unit.I know what i saw .. So you can say whatever you like. I saw a short older man, he was good looking, with an accent, smoking one of those electronic cigarettes. Not the ones that dont produce smoke, this one produced A LOT OF SMOKE & smelled fruity. I dont smoke so idk exactly what they are called but that is what he was doing. I do not need to lie for any reason. & think its laughable that the other owner would come on Yelp & say that i am lying. & YES THE MAN WHO WAS SMOKING WAS EXTREMELY RUDE. its been so long that i dont remember what he said verbatim but what i do know for sure is that it ruined my dining experience at this restaurant & completely turned me off from ever spending my money here again. Maybe he should take some classes on how to interact with customers because i could not believe he had the nerve to be rude to me after i paid $12 for a MEDIOCRE plate of food & the restaurant was a MESS!whenever i eat shawarma here, i always think of the avengers. you know that post-credit scene from the first movie where they're all eating shawarma after beating the bad guys? i bet after that movie, everyone left the theater craving shawarma - because i sure did.
anyway, hummus has great shawarma, falafel, pita - pretty much everything. i always like to get the platter here with chicken shawarma, hummus, pickled cabbage, fried eggplant and white rice - yes, you get to pick 3 sides!