I had ordered food for take-out the other day and got a mix of the dumplings and a noodle dish. The dumplings were good, fun filling options but the noodle dish I got was really greasy. If I go back I might give the steamed dumplings a shot.Oh my god.   The best munchies in the world.  You must try this place.   So little breading with so much meat.   I'm in heaven!   CheesesteAk dumplings?!   Yes pleaseeeeeeePretty good, just a basic fried dumpling with a cup of sauce on the side. Will go back for a quick snack sometime.Stopped in after getting a groupon a few week before the new year. I had a minor incident with my meal then but boy was I NOT disappointed when i gave them another go round seeing they were covering my meal. 
The staff are a delight. This time a young lady took my order and she was super pumped to tell us(the boyfriend came this time) they have $1 dumplings on that particular night. And my eyes lit up! I didn't really wanna take advantage of their kindness but i mean these dumplings are killer. I got just about all the signature dumplings and an order of the cheesesteak pasta. That pasta tho. I had no idea such a creation existed. Now to top off everything else they have an in house honey bbq sauce(among other flavors spicy on top of that) and i mean i almost used a hell of a lot and it is almost too good. suspiciously good. I asked the young person if they sold it by the bottle and i got a "not yet" and i'm still smiling.
i know you are wondering why i didn't give them 4 stars outright, i had a one time mistake experience. therefore i will have to go back many more times before i outright denounce this place. It's always wise to give them a try yourself. :) happy eating!I always get the cheesesteak dumplings here. They're absolutely amazing. Big, lots of filling, and deliciously fried dough. Very clean space and the service isn't super friendly but fine. The art and decor is pretty unique and refreshing too!I was excited to try the "non-traditional flavored" dumplings but I was not too thrilled with them. I had Cheesesteak, Shrimp & grits and crab cake (I didn't see it on their menu but they offered at sampling). Cheesesteak was okay and I wasn't a big fan of the other two picks. I would have appreciated more if the dumplings were juicier. 
Maybe I will try their noodles next time.For a contemporary take on dumplings, come here! We got the fried version so they could hold up best as take out. Vegetarian options included Spinach and cheese dumpling and a cauliflower dumpling. You can mix and match 5 for $7, or get one of the combo deals. 
Noodles for vegetarians: portobello mushrooms and veggies can be substituted for any meat. To be honest, I hope they consider adding more mushrooms and also add tofu as an option, as vegetarians still need a good protein source. 
A very good start, but I would like to see more tofu or seitan options for vegetarians in the future. 
If you want authentic, go to Chinatown. If you want a twist on dumplings with fun flavors like cheesesteak, peach cobbler or cheesecake (!), check this place out!Last time we ordered from here we got awesome sauces with our dumplings that really enhanced the flavors, this time absolutely no sauce. Very disappointing!If I wanted microwaved frozen dumplings I would go to hmart. I didn't expect authentic dumplings from a place serving cheesesteak dumplings but if the main dish you serve is dumplings than at least make them fresh and cook them properly. 
In addition to the rubbery microwave feel you hate with a dumpling skin, the contents of the dumplings were pretty bad. My wife had one little nibble of each of her dumplings and threw out the majority of her meal.
The place is cute and the service is friendly but I will not be returning.The food here was great. We ordered 10 dumplings half fried half steamed. They have half a dozen or so flavors to choose from. We got the cheesesteak, buffalo chicken, asian pork, chipotle chicken, and broccoli and cheddar. All of them were delicious. On Wednesday they have $1 dumplings. We will be back for sure.Love what they are doing here. Each dumpling with tastier than the last and the service was both quick and friendly.  If I'm ever in the neighborhood again I would absolutely come back!Super fun finger food! Not every flavor was a winner but my husband and I enjoyed trying them all. 
Shrimp and grits was the clear winner!They have a great selection of dumplings! All of them taste very yummy. I will definitely come back here!Awesome dumplings and great service!
If you've never been here you need to check it out.I was really excited to try Humpty's Dumplings and I am a huge fan of dumplings, dim sum, and Asian food in general. I was a bit bummed that most of the menu was not Asian inspired, although I was very willing to give the "non traditional" flavors a try. 
We went on a weekday and it was not crowded, but there was only one guy working so he was pretty busy. He was friendly and helpful, but didn't seem 100% confident about what he was doing. I hope this was an off day, but the bathroom was also filthy. 
We each got a "combo meal" which includes a noodle bowl, 5 dumplings, and a drink. It's $18 and pretty overpriced if you ask me. It seems like the dumplings are premade and frozen until fried/steamed. There wasn't much of a kitchen and I didn't like that there was a big slab of raw beef sitting on a sink in the back that was close to the hallway to the bathroom. If I saw that before ordering I might have thought twice. 
We tried the steamed pork dumplings, which were the closest to traditional Asian dumplings. They were tasty and came with a good dipping sauce. We also tried the fried buffalo chicken dumplings. They could have used more hot sauce. It felt more like eating a buffalo chicken bite more so than a dumpling. The dumplings had a lot of filling, and the wrapping was very thick. 
We tried the noodle bowl of the month, which was an Asian BBQ bowl with slaw on top. It was slightly greasy, but had a nice flavor. I wish it had more vegetables in it. We also tried the cheesesteak bowl. It was basically mac&cheese with udon noodles instead of mac. The peppers and onions cut the heaviness a bit and it had a good amount of cheese steak. The bowls were super filling and we only had a few bites before packing up the rest to take home. I probably wouldn't come back, but I can appreciate the novelty of this place.Really enjoyed the dumplings!   We first discovered HD at the Italian festival last year.   This new location is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  We had Buffalo chicken, cheesteak, and roasted pork dumplings.   Fried perfectly and delicious!  5 for $7 is a good value.  This is not an Asian dumpling restaurant.  The dumplings are in a different class than steamed dumplings.  Fried, tasty, Philly goodness!  Enjoy!Stopped in here today as we were walking around Queen Village. Bright and creative space to which we were welcomed by counter person Mya and Church (?). the cook. We had steamed Asian pork dumplings and as an indulgence, fried Shrimp and Grits dumplings. Both were very tasty, but I think I liked the Asian pork best, perhaps because they were steamed which made them delightfully chewy.  
Shrimp and grits took me back to my youth in the south and my Grandma's shrimp and grits. We will be back to try the salads and noodle bowls and the other flavors of dumplings too. Great addition to the neighborhood.Tried one of each of the dumplings! They all magnificent, especial the cheese steak and the Asian pork are the best. Great costumer service, even with one guy here and the sauces are really good. Wish I live in philly because this place is great!The dumplings are delicious, and the service is fantastic. The cheesecake dumplings are particularly great!I went to this place during the Chinatown Festival. Looking for Asian-inspired foods, I came across the Humpty's Dumpling's food truck. These dumplings were unique in that they were deep fried, but came at a steep price. 5 small dumplings ran $7. The winners were asian pork, the chipotle chicken was a little on the milder side, and the cauliflower dumpling was great! I just don't think they were worth the steep cost - but I am happy I tried them out once.It was my first time going to this location. It was clean, the guy was really nice and order was correct. I say this because we had multiple orders (apprx 10) and he was great about it all. We used groupon which they easily honored. They had different flavors, I guess because of the season, while they weren't my favorite or as good as the previous everyone seemed pretty content in general. I personally was not impressed by the asian pork. The other dumpling with broccoli rabe was way better. The chipotle wasn't terrible but I was looking for a kick. I was told the spinach seems like frozen spinach but still okay. I would suggest get some icing dips for the deserts. Please bring back the cheesecake one as well as the broccoli rabe and meat. It is a fun "meal" because you can order one of each flavor and try something new. 
I will definitely go back either way. Just plan to wait for the flavors to change.Staff looks very upset, non caring, not welcoming at all. Put soy sauce in box with Dumplings and sauce was everywhere. My dumplings came loose at the bottom and they were very soggy. If you don't like your job and don't want to put out quality food, quit!!!After passing this small place by car and seeing they are open til 10, we walked over.
Clean and neat, we each ordered the 5 dumplings with the salad. Our first time there feeling brave. And it was really good!
Not greasy and full of flavor. A great light meal. I recommend anyone to go over and enjoy. We'll be back!SO good!! the dumplings are delicious and the chicken pot pie noodles are amazing. Salad was also really tasty!! You can't go wrong with any flavor of dumpling (:Pick the filling of your choice, stuff into a wonton wrapper, and deep fry it. Yes! That's basically what it was. It is a smart concept but nothing special and out of this world. It was worth trying but again, it did not "WOW" me. If you are craving deep fried wonton, this may replenish your craving. If not, save yourself $7 for 5 deep fried wontons.
Overall, great customer service and individuals. Also, nice space and vibe.First impressions really go a long way, and our welcome here last night left about as bad a taste as their overpriced dumplings. Although the range of flavors was diverse and fun, their prices are too steep for something you can get better in a frozen food aisle of ShopRite. Save your time and money by just ordering dumplings from some generic Chinese bodega. The service was lifeless, the atmosphere was hardly even worth the idea of late night drunk food, and by the time you got enough to be satisfied, you'll probably have to take out a loan from your local bank.I've eating from here 3 times already. The first 2 times it was delivered to my job and the 3rd time I decided to go and check the place out.  It's a small restaurant in the middle of other stores. I actually missed it the first time and had to ride around the block again. I really like the Philly cheese and honey chipotle chicken fried dumplings. The buffalo chicken dumpling is spicy. When I went in I decided to try something I never had before, which was the cheesesteak noodle. This was served as a big portion. I didn't like the taste of this and I probably ate less than 25% of it. The vibe of the restaurant was young and artistic. There were paintings on the wall. The 3 staffers there were also young and all males. Service was fast. I see they have new dumpling options, I'll have to stop by to give these a try.Solid dumplings and friendly staff! The dumplings aren't soupy here. I'd say there are more stuffed. We had the broccoli cheddar, the cheesesteak, roast pork and buffalo chicken. All were super delicious. You have the option to order the dumplings fried or steamed. The dumplings come with soy sauce,  ketchup  and ranch dressing. Dumplings come five to an order. They also offer dollar dumplings on Wednesdays! Give this place a shot!I would give another star because the dumplings are admittedly delicious, but beware: one of the pork dumplings I ate was packed so tightly that taking a bite caused a fire hydrant like explosion of pork juice that not only splashed across my own shirt and shorts, but even caught a friend walking next to me. Be sure to fork or knife spike your dumplings to release any pressure that has built up, likely during the frying process. It could happen to you.for a contemporary take on dumplings, just go to a museum. this place does it all wrong, and i should know, my middle name is dumplings.You should eat the dumplings fresh when it's hot.
It's full of flavor but I kinda wished that look different where you can differentiate them if you buy the combo. I brought one of each of all the fried dumpling balls that they had.
I only like the Asian pork and the spinach one.This place has great deals and really big portions. I liked the Asian pork dumpling a lot and the buffalo chicken was good but the others we ordered were pretty terrible (Cauliflower, honey chipotle, and cheesesteak). It might just be my preference but the textures were really unappealing and the flavors were not good. 
The watermelon and arugula salads was really tasty and the buffalo chicken noodles were huge. 
The dumplings are definitely not made fresh so it might be a good idea to listen to Philly mag and just stop by for a bag of frozen ones to keep at home for late night snacks.Loved the apple pie and cheesesteak dumplings. The artwork around the restaurant also made it a great experience.I just got the pork and honey chipotle dumplings for take out. You can't get them fried or steamed.  I went fried.  They were delicious. Both the flavor and texture were very satisfying.I stumbled on this cute little place across Philly AIDS Thrift one Wed evening and decided to give it a try. I'm a senior on a fixed income so their $1 Wed special was a definite enticement for me. I was a bit confused, I was thinking of dumplings of old that my mother made as "chicken and..." but I decided to try the mixed root veggies and the apple dumplings dusted with cinnamon. Both were very tasty and I will definitely return. The staff was courteous and patient with me. The place is clean and has an eclectic vibe.During my busy season at work, I usually get Humpty's delivery every Wednesday when they do the dollar dumpling deal for Hump-day. I've only ever gotten the fried dumplings and they are packed to the brim and very filling. Prefer their savory options over the dessert dumplings, since those can be hit or miss (although they just put carrot cake in the rotation and that one is solid). Asian pork and broccoli cheddar are my favorites.Example: You guys are goood. Let's take some food service Philly Steak, deep fry it like it's an egg roll and then call it a dumpling. THEN, let's make Chinese Pork Alfredo, slap it all in a box only Chris Tucker would love and then send this mess to someone you should'nt have. Long live the trust fund hipster turned yupster fund on this crap.Cheesesteak dumplings?? I was thrilled to learn that this exists and so excited to try them. They lived up to the hype for me.We were visiting Philly for the weekend and we wanted to get something we normally do not eat. We heard of Humpty's and checked Yelp and we had to come. This restaurant is a must whether you are visiting or live in Philly. The restaurant has a very modern but homey feel.
We ordered a good mix of dumplings. We ordered 5 different ones. My favorite was Cheesesteak,  the spinach and cheese, and the edamame. 
They are the perfect size to eat as a snack which is what we did or have as a meal. They also have vegan options, I believe.
They also have a dessert option as well. It was pumpkin pie, but I was so full that I couldn't get another one . 
I highly suggest going to the restaurant and just getting at least one of each.Owner was cool. He let me order early since I came before the store opened. The ambiance is cozy and simple.
The starberry cheesecake dumpling, as weird as it sounds, was surprisingly good. Definitely coming back for it again.
The savory dumplings were OK. The flavors were very Philly. I had cheesesteak, edamami, and Asian pork. Interesting to try but it pales in comparison to traditional Chinese dumplings.
5  service
4  food
4  environmentDecided to stop by and grab a quick bite and I was pleasantly surprised... The fried dumplings (Philly Cheese Steak and Asian Pork) where amazing and the price made it even better lol... I will be going back to sample the rest of the menu. Not a huge menu but Quality!Food came fast (that's what she said) but was not very good dumplings at all I had the broccoli and cheddar, philly cheese steaks, and last but not the best the buffalo chickenIf I can give it no star I would! This was my FIRST time ordering from them and it will be my LAST! I read some reviews that they have bad customer service, but good foods. I wanted to give them a chance so I placed an order for 5 dumplings and Cheesesteak noodles and within a minute the employee call me saying they don't have the noodles. They didn't fix the menu before I placed the order. So he offer $10 worth of dumplings or refund. I said I want a refund. So within a few minutes he gave me partial of my refund. I call back and said I want a full refund and I thought the order was cancel. He said the order went out already and he can't do anything about it. So he said they can give me a refund on the 5 dumplings that was sent out and I can keep it because I don't think that it is right that I should pay more than double the price on it because of delivery and fee added. He recommend that I call Grubhub for refund of the fee and delivery because they can't refund that. I got my order quick and the foods was horrible to! Dumplings is an Asian appetizer. I should of known to just order from an Asian restaurant instead of American. 
I waited for the rest of my refund, but it took awhile so I called Humpty's Dumplings again and they won't pick up my call. I decided to call Grubhub and report them. Judy answered my call and try her best to fight for me, but fail because Humpty's Dumplings is unethical. She said she will try again and said she was able to refund me through Grubhub and not them. Judy recommend next time I should report the incident first if it happened again. Humpty's Dumplings has the WORSE customer service and HORRIBLE foods! Grubhub has the BEST customer service! BAD experience!
I got a phone call from the owner because I accidentally post this review at the wrong location. Well what can I say I was upset. I might call him back or just call it a lost because what's the point I don't like the food anyways.Solid, although strange (in a good way), dumplings. There are a number of fried (or steamed upon request) dumplings, mainly savory, to choose from. What is strange, or takes some getting used to, are options like cheesesteak and buffalo chicken dumplings. Both were good, as well as the asian pork, roast pork and shrimp n grits. 
The korean style noodles were pretty good and a little on the spicier side. It's a replica of a korean dish that includes noodles, spam, tofu, mushrooms, etc.
Service was friendly. The location itself has about seven tables to sit down and eat and those working there were very helpful. Definitely worth a try.This place is unbelievably good! Honestly I would eat here every day if I could. The buffalo chicken noodle bowl is outstanding and they are constantly changing up the dumpling selections. It's a no frills, order at the counter atmosphere, and the quality is always consistent. I really can't say enough positive things. It's a must try.If you're looking for traditional dumplings, this is not the place for you. If you've ever wondered hmm, what would it taste like if I jammed a fried dumpling wrapper with some unusual fillings? then come here. 
The variety of sauces on the table were great, and I appreciate what they're trying to do here. 
Winners: Asian pork, Buffalo chicken 
Pass: Honey chipotle chicken (when compared with the others, the flavor seemed mild!) and Spinach, Mozzarella, and Ricotta (appreciate the vegetarian option but the filling is woefully bland)I don't know if I've ever left a restaurant and just kept saying, "I can't believe that was so bad. I can't believe that place is still in business." I'm all for trying new combinations of foods and flavors, even hipsterndoofhi food like this. But this goes way beyond just hipster garbage. The dumpling was still cold in the middle after being fried. The "asian" noodle bowl had nothing Asian about it. It came out covered in parmesan cheese, was so salty it was barely edible (and I like lots of salt), and and was covered in some sauce that was as thick as glue. On top of that, the woman running the place looked like she had been babysitting a sick infant in the back - exhausted, bedraggled, and covered in stains. I NEVER leave reviews, good or bad.  THAT is how bad this meal was. I felt sick the rest of the day. What a waste of $20. Never again.I appreciate the risk of trying new flavors, which were not bad, but the choices were very limited and the food was too oily. Just an option to have the dumplings steamed would have improved the food so much...New-age take on classic dumplings. They offer both savory and sweet dumplings such as cheesecake & pumpkin pie. Something for carnivores and veg-heads alike. I for one certainly appreciate the vegan options they have! 
Theses tasty balls are filled pretty well and although they are fried, they're never too doughy or overly greasy. Freshly fried and hot is obviously when they're the best!
The variety of choices make doing a mix and match order for our family with different diets simple. Edamame are definitely a fave with the kids. Hubs favors the buffalo and bacon mac and a go to for me is the cauliflower lime. Yum! 
These dumplings are one of my favorite items to eat at Night Market and other outdoor festivals. Pop 'em on the go! Not sure if I would go out of my way to eat them in store, but definitely check them out if you see them on the go!The dumplings are good, not a big fans of their Chicken Pot Pie Noodle, service was awesome!!Very good Asian/Philly inspired dumplings. Definitely recommend. $7.50 for 5 dumplings is a great deal for a small meal or snack! Will be back for sure.These dumpling are always so flavorful. The honey chipotle chicken were amazing. The cashiers was very friendly and our food came out quickly. Great to dine in or take out.Call me Kung Fu Panda but who doesn't like dumplings?!
I completely forgot that I bought a Groupon good for $7 toward dumplings.  I wandered in on a weekday afternoon.  The location was easy to find & very clean inside. Even found good short-term parking.
Didn't care about the menu. This stop was about the dumplings. I ordered cheesesteak dumplings to go. 
The first bite, brilliant!  Perfectly fried & loaded with the perfect amount of cheesesteak.  Nothing short of excellent. The second bite confirmed the first. After the third and final dumpling bite, the universe offered secrets!!  Humpty's dumplings are legit!  BRAVO!
Update: 
I tried the Buffalo and Honey Chipotle Chicken, Asian pork, Broccoli Cheddar, Sausage & Pepper, and the Cheesesteak.  Cheesesteak wins by far with S&P a distant second. The quality of every flavor rocks so run some past your taste buds.A friend and I were very excited to try this place out. both had a mix order of dumplings primarily cheesesteak and our cheesesteak dumplings both were freezing cold on the inside. Totally turnr our stomachs. Blahh. Never again.We got 5 of each - Asian pork, buffalo chicken, chipotle chicken, Philly cheesesteak. All in all very interesting twist on dumplings. I really liked it. It's a small hidden gem not many hear of it. The cheesesteak could have had more cheese but my friend said they usually put a lot so must have been a different  day.Holy cow the place was empty!! Thst should of gave us a clue!! I was expecting Anna psencik Chinese dumpling house but what I found was a young white male at the counter I was looking at the menu and it was mixed with American and Chinese dishes. I saw lo mein and then he said snotty have u ever had lo mein!! I said are u being a smart ass and my husband and I left. I have to give a star which doez not deserve oneI don't think I've ever written a review so soon after visiting.  I love dumplings in every form and filling. I also love everything thanksgiving related.  So I was over the moon excited that they have thanksgiving stuffed dumplings!!! And the slightly spicy cranberry sauce was amazing! The French onion soup dumpling is a must try as well. I only intended on eating one dumpling as I walked home but that one was so good I ate all five as I walked!! I forgot to ask for them steamed as it's on request only but fried were excellent. I'll definitely be back!!Man, I really wanted to like this place. I'm not the biggest fan of fusion, but dumplings are kind of an even playing field for most cuisines so I was hopeful. To be super scientific, I got one of each of the regular, non-special dumplings fried. The consensus of all of them is that they don't really have enough flavor to be a dumpling, nor the food that they're paying homage to. The buffalo chicken was my favorite, but only after adding the house hot sauce. The honey chipotle chicken was completely unnoteworthy, the cheesesteak needed salt and cheese, and the other two were just okay. I feel like maybe the noodle dishes are a bit more satisfying in flavor, but the namesake of the restaurant really should be the home runner, shouldn't it?If dumplings are what you want then DUMPLINGS are what you're gonna get. They have some salad & sandwich options, but the stars of the show are obviously the dumplings. 
My roommate and I stopped by to get takeout as we were passing by one day. I got the Asian pork dumplings steamed, YUM. They're not very big and I inhaled them (not sure I even actually chewed them). There was no one else in the restaurant at the time so our order was done super quickly. 
If you're driving be prepared, parking is very limited. I jumped out and my roommate circled the block while I got our food. That area of South Philly can be challenging for parking.Wonderful superb from beginning to end. Wednesday is dollar dumplings day! and combined w the Groupon we were in our glory. Ryan the manager was a lovely dumpling-engineer teaching us the best ways to indulge. Loved the aloha pork noodle bowl and the roast pork noodle bowl- so flavorful! Seasonal Vegan options available! And we loved the taco dumplings and the cheesesteak (winner!) we weren't a fan of honey chipotle. END THE NIGHT with fried seasonal blueberry cheesecake dumpling! You won't be sorry! Ps- byob- but the beer store just a minute walk away (Beer Love) was superb to supplement our satiety.I had bookmarked Humpty's Dumplings such a long time ago that I had honestly forgotten it even existed until I walking past it on a Wednesday afternoon. I'm not in Queen Village too often so I figured this was the perfect opportunity for me to check it out. 
The establishment is pretty small so just a few steps in the door and I was at the counter. It was then that I noticed a sign for "$1 dumplings on Wednesdays" - woo! Am I glad I stopped in or what!
The guy behind the counter was super friendly. I asked him for recommendations on which dumplings to get and he was quick to respond with simple and helpful feedback. 
I ended up bringing four different dumplings home with me - Buffalo chicken, cheesesteak, honey chipotle chicken and pizza. The first three are on their favorites menu while the last one is one of their current specials. After selecting your dumplings, you are given a choice of fried or steamed. 
I thought all of the dumplings were delicious, but the cheesesteak was definitely my favorite! Philly, represent! :D The buffalo chicken and honey chipotle chicken were close seconds, while the pizza was just okay. In my opinion, it tasted more just like a cheese dumpling than a pizza dumpling. 
All in all, I'm very content with my experience at Humpty's Dumplings. I probably won't be rushing back here anytime soon simply because I'd like to avoid the fried food temptations. However, for those days that I'm not counting cals, I'll return for some cheesesteak dumplings!The different option on the menu are amazing. This food is so unique and every bite is more delicious than the one before. The strawberry cheesecake dumplings are like nothing I've ever had before! 10/10 recommendWhat I ordered: 
General Tso's (2)
Cheesesteak (2)
Buffalo Chicken (2)
Broccoli (2)
Spinach (1)
Mushroom Risotto (1) 
Chicken Pot Pie Noodles
What I got:
Spinach (3)
Cheesesteak (3)
Asian Pork (3)
Mushroom Risotto (1)
Chicken Pot Pie Noodles 
The noodles were awesome. The person taking my order was pleasant. 
What I got otherwise was just okay. I could have done without the Spinach altogether (3 of the worst thing of the order - boo). Not 1 chicken dumpling to be found in the lot. 
Definitely could have been a 100 times better.Humpty's first had me at Dumplings. And whether you go with steamed or fried you end up with succulent balls of perfection that are the best that you won't find in Chinatown or dim sum spots.
Humpty's puts a bit of an Americanized twist on the dim sum classic, which actually kind of works since it gives you options like broccoli & cheddar and honey chipotle chicken. And since its in South Philly you'd best believe that they have a cheesesteak dumpling! My favorite though is definitely the Asian pork with perfectly cooked pork shoulder highlighted by classic ginger, soy, and scallions. 
No matter what you choose, grabbing 5 for $7 makes for the perfect mix and match meal. Especially when they have seasonal dumplings that include a dessert option. But non-dumpling lovers will also find solace in their noodle and salad options.Eating some thanksgiving dinner dumplings as I type this! Humpty's has a good product and I think my favorite is either the cauliflower or spinach ricotta. Don't forget that you can mix and match dumplings in one order and you can also get them steamed instead of fried which is a nice treat once in a while.Tried the Humpty Dumpling food truck at Made in America, so can't give a full out review of the actual shop, but the dumplings, oh the dumplings! The broccoli cheddar and Philly cheesesteak dumplings are must tries! I'd also highly recommend trying the Oreo cheesecake dessert dumpling. It's yummy and a sort of Oreo cheesecake filling as opposed to having an actual Oreo stuffed in it. Such a cool concept, and really tasty food.I found this place by just searching what's near my job to eat and OMG these are SOOOOO good. 
I got three Buffalo Chicken and two spinach. This place is truly a hidden gem. The customer service is great too which is really important to me. They have a new retuning customer.Really cute place to sit with friends over my most favorite of finger foods- Dumplings.  
Oh Yeah Baby, Dumplings !!!
Three of us were impressed with the fillings offered in the dumplings. So many choices. 
I got the combo for $13.50 which included five big stuffed dumplings, A very nice salad with pretty greens, crumbled cheese and raisins and a bottled high end drink from their cold case. A bargain for what turned out to be a filling meal. 
For my five I choose 3 cheese steak and 2 chipotle chicken. With the wonderful salad and drink I was stuffed like it was dinner. Speaking for myself I absolutely love the dumplings. We never felt rushed out of this place and it was nice to sit and enjoy each other's company over good food for a little bit in really cute pleasant surroundings. 
And if the others were here they would agree with me.
I'll be back for sureI had been hearing many good things about Humpty's Dumplings, so when we were shopping nearby and needed a recharge, I happily crossed the street!    The building is easy to find - it's the one on the block with one of those funky cool and beautiful mosaic fronts.
We were greeted nicely by the young man behind the counter, who told us which dumplings were most popular - cheesesteak, asian pork, buffalo chicken and the gobbler turkey & stuffing dumpling. We ordered a variety - basically everything but the turkey one as we are currently turkey-d out.  We sat and admired the very funky (and a little creepy at times) art in the dining area.
The young man brought our dumplings out, piping hot, a few minutes later.  We are glad he wrote which was which on the paper linings because, well, they all look exactly the same on the outside.  The only other clue was the sauces provided - ketchup for the cheeseteak, buffalo sauce for the chicken and soy sauce for the asian pork. I have no idea what people do if they order a variety mixed together.  That would be challenging.
Everything was delicious, truly, the cheesesteak bites were delightful, the asian pork probably the most like any other dumpling you'd get and the buffalo chicken zingy and savory.  
I worry about this place, though.  They're making the jump from food truck- where the menu of dumplings and salads are perfect - to a restaurant. It's a tough jump, and I think in this case because the menu is so limited - just dumplings and salads - it feels like all you're eating are appetizers and sides.  Yes, 5 golf ball sized dumplings are a lot of food, equal to a meal, but it feels like you're snacking.  
I would LOVE to see them succeed because I think what they're doing is clever, cool and beyond all delicious.  What it may take is expanding their restaurant menu to offer things that people associate more with a 'meal' and less with a 'snack'.  
Also, make sure the workers in local businesses around you know your product and can recommend it.  Offer them a free dumpling or something, because when their customers ask "where's a good place to grab a bite around here?" in a sea of chains and restaurants, you want them to say - aw, man, go to Humpty's, they have really great food and it's cool tool.  Just a thought.