Since I was 9-years-old, every time that I've been on Sansom Street, I have been there to dine at Porcini's, a place that had quickly become and is still a traditional favorite with my sister, my dad, and me. Last week, this changed for the first time when I dined at Il Pittore - and felt a smidgen of guilt for skipping out on my buddies Steven and David Sansone in favor of the Stephen Starr restaurant across the street. 
 However, it didn't take long for Il Pittore to win me over. The vibe is tasteful and rich due to the dark woods, white walls accented with black, and the art depicting Italian culture. The upstairs was a bit bright for my personal taste, but that's a minute detail. The service was great; the staff was friendly, knowledgeable, and conversational without being overbearing. They certainly went above and beyond. As for the dress code, it's business casual, but there were people dressed quite well and a couple people wearing t-shirts and shorts. Best to stay business casual.
All of the selections on the menu are intriguing and I wanted to order over half of them, so it's definitely a spot to which I'll want to return. Hopefully soon. None of the portion sizes are overwhelming, allowing you to order an antipasti, primi, and secondi. I had the scampi, a white lasagna - which was a special that day, and the suckling pig. At the end, I was comfortably full. The scampi was very tasty, but simple - nothing to jump out of your socks for. It was pan-seared with olive oil and garlic with some pesto verde on the side. The shrimp were all sizable and they all had their heads on, so be prepared for that.
The lasagna was fairly meaty and had a white cream sauce. The top later of cheese had been browned and was easily the most flavorful part. It was tasty, but I will always prefer lasagna with red sauce.
 Now for the sucking pig. Yes, it was delicious. It was rich, tender, and the top layer was both crispy and a bit salty. Despite the reasonable portion, there was something honestly hedonistic about this meal. The pig was sitting atop a bed of cavolo nero, which is black leaf kale - very tasty as well. I'm really looking forward to the next time when I can try the spiced lamb sausage, either the agnolotti or the ricotta gnocchi, and the baked halibut.
My sister partook in the braised octopus. She said it was good. I took her word on it. She also had the corzetti. The goat, mint, and chili oil made for an interesting flavor combination and while it was good, I don't think it's something I would want a full plate of. For dessert we had a banana pastry dish which was amazing, although personally I don't think I've ever had a bad dessert that featured banana.
I had high expectations for this restaurant, and they definitely delivered a great dining experience!The romantic ambiance and service are 5 stars (despite the fact that we had to wait for nearly 20 minutes for our table, despite making a reservation for a relatively late hour - the manager and waitress tried hard to make sure that we had an enjoyable anniversary dinner).
However, the food and the value for money are 3 stars. The dishes we ordered were good but not mind blowing, and consisted of very small portions (we called it "gourmet style" dishes).Il Pittore, has a nice ambiance, beautiful table settings and is located in a quaint area near Rittenhouse. 
The wine selection:
I saw as much as 600% mark up on certain wines. $65 - $85 dollars for $15.00 bottles of wine. I will expect to pay double at times, but not this kind of a mark up. The wine selection goes up into the $100.00s - $300.00..., but I stopped looking and comparing at "an Antinori Santa Cristina le Mestrelle 2012" a $16.00 bottle there for for $65.00. Do they not think people have access to this information?!
The waiter was so so pushy, he actually started to tell me what I needed to order. "you should order this and that" "you need to experience all courses..". I left so nervous at how pushy he was. It was unbelievable, I almost had to say "Leave us ALONE to Order what we want!" And I consider myself to be one who would not allow anyone to treat me that way. So you are on guard and nervous, when you should be relaxed and enjoying the evening, especially at those prices.
The food was good, I felt it was a little overpriced. The dishes had a nice presentation and you can see the Chef took pride in the food, quality and presentation.
Would I return:
No, I would not. I find other restaurants to be priced more reasonably for what you get. The food is good, the presentation is good, the waiter pushy, the wines, good selection buy WAY overpriced.
If this were a B&B I'd come back and be more forceful with the waiter telling him to back off.
The management staff were attentive and the head manager eager to please.My partner and I have gone here twice, once sitting downstairs along the chef's counter and once upstairs with his parents. Both times the service was outstanding, our waitstaff was knowledgeable and had fantastic suggestions, without being too pushy. GM Michael was a stand-out, he spent SO much time coming over and talking us through the courses and matching wines- he went above and beyond, and was super friendly.
Food-wise, we've tried a lot of things, and enjoyed them all. The one dish that I can't stop dreaming about is the kale/brussel sprout lollipops- the sweet red pepper and fennel sauce along with the perfectly poached egg make this one of my favorite dishes ever. This appetizer is a can't miss, get it if it's on the menu! I'm not a pork eater myself, but my partner got the suckling pig entree and loved it. He's still talking about it. The pasta dishes are small, but good. This is a nice place and a romantic atmosphere. You will feel taken care of.
Alcohol is pretty pricey- I got a small glass of a wine I know to be much cheaper in the bottle. But if you go in knowing this, grab a cocktail instead- they're pretty market price, and artfully made. The bartender downstairs was friendly and chatty as well. 
All in all, excellent experiences both times, and great food. If we could afford it more often, we'd be there! But for now, it's a great spot for a very special occasion.I was so overwhelmed and impressed with the service and the food here that I wrote them a letter to let them know. And it was a kick-ass letter, 2 full pages. I mailed it and saved a copy of it to post here....my PC eat the letter and will not spit it back out. And lucky for me it took with it my entire hard drive. yeah me. Did I mention what a great letter this was??
Instead of joining my crazy (yet loving) Italian family for Christmas Eve dinner, we decided to seek out an Italian restaurant to dine out at. After calling FOUR restaurants that friends had suggested and getting FOUR answering machines with no one returning my calls, I searched here and found Il Pittore. Being that I grew up on Italian fare, I was hesitate yet excited to try something new.
One must actual read their website and menu to understand that this place isn't your typical run of the mill, throw gravy on some homemade pasta then offer you a soggy tiramisu before rushing you out the door kinda place. This is Northern Italian Cuisine...think more butter sauces, pork, beef, seafood type place. Not a speck of red gravy in site.
We opted for the 6 course tasting menu and were impressed. Very impressed.
Highlights ~
The soup was served HOT! Not luke-warm, not kinda warm but HOT!!
Truffle-Butter over pasta - WOW - crazy insanely yummy.
Marscarpone Gelato - Heavenly. Only to be topped by the Creme Fraiche Gelato that I ordered as my 2nd dessert.
Yep, I ordered two desserts and my waiter was thrilled to heard me ask for such a thing. 
Service was impeccable but approachable.
Not an every weekend kinda place, we dropped $300 after tip (both had 2 drinks and of course my additional dessert ~ of course we were feeling more generous then usual since it was the holiday season as well!)
Very Happy in the end.Il Pittore has definitely earned its mark as one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia.  Everything about the dining experience there was PERFECT.  The servers, bartenders, hosts and other staff were extremely professional, polite, congenial and welcoming.  While we had reserved a table online, they did not rush us when the appointed hour came, but let us relax at the bar until we were ready to proceed to our table.  
The food was outstanding!  The potato crocchetta and polpo brasato were perfectly cooked and so flavorful!  The second courses, gramigna and lobster tortellini, were amazing.  The gramigna may have been the best pasta dish I've ever tasted.  For our last course we had the duo of rabbit and maialino a fuoco lento, which was ample food and succulent to the last bite.  We couldn't resist ordering a side of fennel with stracchino; I had never eaten fennel prepared in this manner before, and it was amazing.
The prices are extremely high, and that will definitely have a chilling effect on return visits, but it's very nice to see Italian food done well, and the menu much broader than the typical fare.The BEST!!!  My fiancee and I went to il Pittore this past Valentine's Day, and I have to say that I have never had a better meal!  The waitstaff is incredibly knowledgeable, so ask what they recommend.  We did this, and we were blown away by each course.  It is important to know that this establishment serves their courses at a slower pace, so make sure that you have the time to enjoy everything!!
I can not say enough good things about this restaurant, but definitely give it a try, it will turn out to be one of your favorites too!!Il Pittore is great for a romantic dinner or special occasion! It has perfect intimate ambiance without being too dark, too crowded or too moody as many restaurants often are. 
Oh, also - the food is divine. The pasta is perfectly cooked and prepared. Portions are great - not too generous, but if you're getting three courses than you will be sufficiently and contently full. I had the baked ricotta, pappardelle, and scallops. I have many food allergies and the Waiter was very accommodating and very subtle when speaking to me about my requests. Often times, waiters will shout across the table while I explain to everyone nearby what I can and cannot consumer and it can be very embarrassing. I was relieved to have the a sensitive waiter who came closer to me so I could speak to him one on one. He also went out of his way to switch part of my dish with a sauce I could consume to keep the dish refreshing. It was very thoughtful!
Don't skip the nutella bombs (donuts with a creme sauce). YUM.
Overall, excellent service from entry to exit, dream worthy food and beautiful decor.My wife and I were quite disappointed with this restaurant. First, the service is quite poor. We waited quite awhile between courses, and the waitress rarely checked on us to see how we were doing with water and drinks. Next, we ordered a pasta dish as a second course. It came with five small pieces, which cost $18. After quite a long time, the waitress came over and commented on how we ate the dish super quickly, as if we were given an enormous dish. Next, we ordered the frites as a side to our meals. I am not sure why they call them frites as they are simply fried potatoes that you would get at a diner, nothing more. I ordered the slow-cooked pig as an entree, and received a strange meat lasagne looking entree. It was sub par at best and strange. My wife got the veal cheeks which tasted like pure pieces of fat. My wife and I go to many Steven Starr restaurants and love them, but this was not among our favorite meals. While there were many negatives, I would like to comment that the drink selection was quite good. Overall, we will not be returning. At the end of our meal, the waitress apologized for the wait between courses and gave us a piece of chocolate as an apology from the restaurant. The piece of chocolate was stale and old. Enough said!Giving 4 stars because the prices were too high for portions you get. If price is no big deal to you, this place will be a favorite. Started with the baked ricotta which was spectacular. They were really accommodating when we asked for more focaccia bread. The server told us that the primo portions were small but we didn't think they would be THAT small. We all ordered a pasta ( loved the parpadelli with wild boar Ragu). The pasta was clearly homemade and fresh as can be. We also ordered their special which was duck. It was great but a little too salty. The brussel sprouts were divine! At the end of the meal, a server brought us a digestive drink. Very nice touch. Will probably return with the in laws.The food was incredibly good. I had the suckling pig and bites of what everyone else ordered. I also shared the papparadelle, which tasted a lot like Cincinnati chili. Go figure. The portions are small and, right from the start, the waiter encouraged us to order a first, second and third plate. I thought that was a little overbearing, since you literally couldn't do that for under $80 a person. Other than that, service was great and the wine was very good.Whenever you can use the phrase "the best" you know a place is amazing.  If you just had a glass of wine and their bread basket you would be happy.  
I found the highs to be extremely high, which is what I will focus on.
The highs:
-atmosphere is fantastic.  An urban gem.
-service is phenomenal
-the bread and pasta are to die for
-pricing is quite reasonable for the freshness and quality of the food
I had a couple minor lows that I will attribute my personal tastes and preferences.  I thought the baked ricotta with plum was too sweet and needed something to balance out the plum.  I felt the peach upside down cake had an odd texture and didn't pair well with the berry sauce and sorbet as some other options.
I consider these nitpicks that are specific to my palette .  just to repeat myself - ignore your no carb diet.  Feast on their bread and pasta.  Both are fresh and AMAZING.My husband and I have been looking to try Il Pittore for a while and a successful week at work was just the occasion we needed. We decided to make a  reservation and showed up a few minutes before. We checked in with the hostess and waited for our table to be ready. About 20 minutes after our arrival (and after our reservation time) we were seated. The upstairs dining room is not large and it was extremely loud - definitely not the ambiance we were expecting. When our waiter arrived at the table, he was extremely attentive and helped us decide on our menu selections. Before our appetizers arrived, their complimentary bread plate did -it was absolutely delicious! We each ordered a pasta and split an entree, which as the perfect amount of food for us. Every course seemed to be more delicious than the last. It was a great meal and we were extremely pleased with the entire evening (after the delay for our table). It is expensive so we will likely be waiting for another occasion to return but we look forward to trying it again!Even if your bank account is fat enough to dine here, I'd save the money and go somewhere better...twice.  I seriously don't understand what the fuss is about. The place is pretty. Well decorated. And the service is pretty fantastic. But I dined here for the second time and it was the same OK experience as the first (and last) time: hit or miss food, and way too high a price tag for what it is. The specialty pasta which was billed as featuring fiddlehead ferns was excellent... but may have had one fiddlehead in the whole $16 dish. The bruschetta was burnt and accompanying mushrooms were overcooked and flavorless. The pork croquette was a bright spot with truffle and a delicate egg setting off the salty pork. Gnocchi in brown butter was OK but I probably could make as good a sauce at home. The stuffed trout entree (about $30) was another highlight--a bit overcooked but stuffed with black olives and other goodness. Desserts were also good, not great--didn't exceed my expectation. The price tag, however, did exceed expectations--my first meal, a casual one at the bar, was around $50, and that was for one shared app, one app, and one drink. I left hungry. Last night's meal--much more than twice that. Bread is exceptional and cocktails inventive, but overall overrated.My dinner at Il Pittore was great (though I felt that the portions were small.) The menu was diverse and my server was excellent. 
The only real negative that we had with this place is that we went on a Monday night, our reservation for 4 people was at 8:15pm, and we did not sit down at our table until almost 9pm! On a Monday night! I will come back and do the pasta tasting menu. My Gnocchi was awesome!First off - full disclosure - this meal was paid for by my employer so I had all the pleasure of an amazing meal and none of the painful bill that comes at the end.
Everyone at Il Pittore did such an amazing job. They knew their stuff - they recommended some incredible wines and all seemed to take a genuine interest in their guests - this, paired with good food, is what I would give 6 stars to if I could. It's so rare to find a place that provides a perfect experience alongside a perfect meal.
I felt like this meal never ended. They were constantly bringing us out plate after plate of deliciousness. They kept our wine glasses filled and were always around if we needed anything. We had a family-style type dinner and everything was fantastic.
The cheese plates set out at the beginning, the appetizers that they brought around to us during cocktail hour - amazing.
The baked ricotta was definitely my favorite of the appetizers.
The spaghetti was nice and spicy. The wild boar pappardelle was my favorite of the pastas.
The scallops, suckling pig and stuffed trout were all good as well, but the trout didn't come out until very late in the meal and I was extremely full at this point so I did not have much of that. The suckling pig was something I'd definitely order again.
Compared to dinner - the desserts were okay. It could be that I was really, really full or it could be that I just enjoy savory food more than sweet most of the time but I felt that the dinner outshined the dessert - and that's the way it should be.This is my 2nd visit to Il Pittore. I have been more than impressed both times. The food is imaginative, yet sticks to it's Italian roots. The wine list is where Il Pittore shines. Strictly Italian, there is representation from all the important regions in Italy. However, the lesser known regions are brought to the fore here with a strong selection & a knowledgeable sommelier. Michael knows his wine & will guide you in the right direction. My advice... Leave the wine choices to him. Any selection from the dinner menu will leave you wanting more.Solid dinner tonight at Il Pittore.  I look forward to heading back their way in a few weeks.  There are kinks to work out for sure; mostly service oriented.  Th interior is charming and I will most definitely head to the bar (first floor) next time.  Living in the neighborhood, I could see this being a regular spot for a quick pasta fix.  The formality with the white table linens is charming, but a little cumbersome with anxious service staff monitoring every stain, covering them with white napkins.
The staff and management are all amazingly friendly.
I have to compare the food to other italian eateries of similar price point.  Really, not up to par with the heavy hitters that come to mind.  
I'll be back and expect to add a star or two.Went here for a business dinner - the ambiance is great, and I thought the food was delicious (although others in the party commented that it could have been hotter). Portions were pretty nicely sized - in our group, the duck pasta was a huge hit. I'm docking them a star because service was on the slow side (but pleasant!), and the wine markup is pretty substantial. That said, I'd go back...if someone else was paying.Great dinner - hearty portions and excellent service.  Waiter recommended one antipasto, primo, and secondo per person.  That's overkill. For two of us, we got one antipasto, skipped primi (pasta) and got two secondi ("entre") and a side of brussels sprouts.  This was plenty of food!  The Beef tenderloin was excellent as was the suckling pig.Fantastic up scale and creative Italian dishes in perfect portions.
  Service was outstanding and very helpful. One of the best Italian restaurants
  I've been to including Miami and NYC!  A must if you're visiting Philly and a
  nice short walk from teh Ritz.Service was great and so was the ambiance. I am sorry to say that the greatest aspect, food wise, of this restaurant was their warm bread and quality butter. Their Corzetti and Suckling Pig... personally, was so very salty. The Corzetti was taken back and brought out a second time and was still salty.My friend Jim took me out to dinner at Il Pittore, Stephen Starr's newest restaurant focusing on Northern Italian cuisine. Chef Chris Painter, Starr's culinary director, designed the menu that at first glance looks like a marriage between a Marc Vetri and Mario Batali menu. The gnocchi was the wonderfully soft, melt-in-your-mouth experience I've had at restaurants like Tangerine (now defunct) and Vetri. Ironically, Chef Painter worked at Tangerine at the time I experienced the said gnocchi, so this was a reunion of sorts for me. The duck agnoletti was my favorite dish. It so reminded me of Babbo in New York. A big curtsy to Chef Painter. The foie gras was in a torchon form and served in one of those silly little jars like at Farmer's Cabinet, but it was a good amount of it, so I'm not complaining. The octopus salad had a sweet and sour flavor to it, very much like relish, so this was the only iffy dish for me, but I still enjoyed it. The scallops were delicious and I'm convinced that acorn squash and chanterelle mushrooms can catapult any meat or fish to a heavenly status. My second favorite dish was the suckling pig with its melt-in-your-mouth tender meat and crispy skin. The baby Bugs Bunny carrots and cavalo nero (Tuscan Kale) gave it a stew-like quality. The pear mostarda had hints of sweetness to it and not too overbearing. The cavalo nero is worth mentioning. I thought it was collard greens at first and it kind of is because both are from the cabbage family, but this had an unbelievably smooth texture to it. All in all, Chef Painter rocks! The drink menu has new and innovative drinks, such as The Fall of Rum, a mix of Flor de Cana Anejo Rum, Allspice Dram, lemon juice, honey syrup. The best way to describe it is WOW! The service was attentive and first-rate. Perhaps the service was a little syrupy as our waitress seemed to love every selection we chose, but older folks would certainly appreciate her enthusiasm. The servers were excellent. They went on to describe each dish in detail and were exceptionally nice to me. The hostesses were great. They help you put on your coat like they did at Striped Bass, another Starr-owned restaurant. Starr needs to make sure this happens consistently at Buddakan. I wish more restaurants did this simple gesture because it adds class and a nice thank you for your patronage.It's a very nice and upscale Italian restaurant. The ambiance is very romantic. Our server is very attentive and knowledgeable. 
To me, I liked the appetizer more than then entree. We ordered baked ricotta and lamb sausage involtini, both were super flavorful and delicious! Then we shared a ravioli, it comes in a very small portion, like appetizer portion, and the ravioli was way too salty. For then entree, I ordered slow-cooked suckling pig, and my friend ordered the rabbit. I was not impressed by my entree, neither did my friend.
Overall, it's a real nice restaurant, it's kind of pricy ( 2 people $200+), but I don't think I will go back there for dinner, maybe stop by the first floor for a drink and grab some appetizer.Expensive!  Entrees were good.  Pasta was just okay.  Dessert was the best!!!!Melograno and Porcini being packed, we walked across the street in here. Err...Did not see this one coming.
When asked the server about how big the portions are, if enough for 2 people, he recommended getting more than 2 apps and 2 entrees. Ok.
Antipasti
#Bruschetta with Mushrooms and Favas : I remember the Favas being delicious, also I do not remember anything else thats memorable about it...
#Braised Octopus: Me and M are a sucker for Octopus.  Have Octupus will gobble it down. I din't do so much this time. Borderline bland.
Secondi
#Seared Diver Scallops: The Scallop itself, I think was kind of overcooked, M makes way better, probably the best Scallops on earth at his home. 
#Stuffed Trout: I don't even think I ate any of this. The almonds just did not work and the olive was awkward. 
We got a side of Brussels Sprout as our server suggested. While the sprouts itself was pretty delicious I did not like the Burrata in it, taking away the simplicity and beauty of the sprouts.  I think for drinks, we ordered the Rye Smash. I took two sips and gave it to M, did not like it at all. For about a hundred bucks, we could have had a way better, more delicious meal elsewhere, and then some. Also, up-selling is good, but when your food does not completely deliver, it will backfire. 
Did I mention we had mad leftovers and ended up taking it home, which tasted pretty bad the next day ?My wife and I went last Saturday evening. Were seated next to a large noisy, obnoxious party. Totally spoiled the dining experience! Our waiter nor the manager were able to help to quiet this crowd and we're not proactive in moving our table until I had to complain!I absolutely love this place. Went there for my birthday and to be honest I didn't even know it was there. Walked in and I was absolutely blown away with the decor and the feeling of the place. The host was very pleasant and nice. We needed up waiting for a little, so we decided to grab a drink at the bar. Great wine selection. Awesome drink menu. We finally got escorted to the second floor and let me tell you, awesome! Enough with the decor. Menu was amazing, it was really hard to choice, but we ended up picking the tasting menu with wine pairing. Every single plate and every sip of wine was absolutely amazing. I highly recommend this amazing place. Great for a romantic dinner and also great for a large group. I am going there again next Friday with a group. Looking forward to it.From the moment you step foot in the door the whole experience was first class. (Request the upstairs dining area if possible) Our waiter, Lawrence was attentive, knowledgeable about each item on the menu & very helpful when we were torn between a couple of pasta dishes. I even took his recommendation for my dessert which was the "torte" that too was amazing like the rest of the meal. Hopefully next time they will have fresh truffles! Stephen Starr has done it again with this place. Can't wait to go back.One of our favorite restaurants. Love the food, ambience, and service. Been here almost a dozen times and consistently delicious and enjoyable. Great wine selection and pastas are delightful. Will be back again and again.This was a great experience for us. The staff at Il Pittore was extremely conscious of their guests,  from the moment we entered the door we felt at ease.  The decor  nicely blends northern Italian rustic with modern flair. It is a nice spot for a special date night or enjoying time with friends. The servers are extremely educated on the menu & gave good recommendations. I recommend the Bruschetta con Porcini as an antipasti, it was wonderful! The John Dory fish special was also light & delicious. For dessert you have to try the apple torte with salted caramel which is a new addition, I would return if only to taste that again! At the end of the meal we were given complimentary samples of a sweet Amari which ended the meal perfectly. Would highly recommend & will be returning!Food was very good, home made pastas and fish are all Good choices. The plates weren't too large so they are good for sharing. Same with the dessert, perfect size, great for sharing. Service and staff are exceptional. It is a little overpriced and I felt like they were up-selling us all night: a more expensive ($400)  bottle of wine, pushing the six course tasting menu which we were not interested in. We ordered  2 appetizers and a pasta for the table in addition to our entrees; they then tried to push side dishes on us. We knew what we wanted.  Definitely try this restaurant, but take control of the menu choices. Their long winded explanations of the menu and the wine list got overbearing while we were trying to talk amongst ourselves.On the upside ... I think this was the first dinner I've ever had in Philadelphia where the service was better than the food.  Stephen Starr needs to be training all the waitstaffs in Center City -- they were welcoming, friendly, personal without being intrusive, always smiling yet super professional.  
For the food, I agree with the early reviews below that it's not at the level of similar restaurants.  It was too salty across the board, and the pasta was too far on the uncooked side of al dente.  Put the two things together, and nothing had much taste (other than the taste of salt).  The breads were excellent, especially the herby breadstick and the brioche in the apple crostata, which was the most memorable dish in the meal (not a good sign). 
And to echo Woody Allen's famous joke ... the portions are really off.  It reminded me of the early days of Amis.  The waitress duly warned us that the pastas were appetizer-size (even though they're the same price as regular size pastas at Melograno and other peer restaurants), but the $27 lamb entree was not any bigger.  Basically everything on the menu is like an appetizer.  This trend has gotten out of hand, but I suspect that the portions, as at Amis, are going to need to become larger as the restaurant settles in.I think of Il Pittore as serving mostly Northern Italian cuisine but with an innovative twist (e.g., uni, sea urchin, pasta).
And it is mostly delicious -- certainly more ambitious than Melograno or Porcini, its nearby competitors all on the same block. The best things I've had there are the uni pasta, the wild boar pappardelle (a staple, it seems, of all three Italian places), and the veal sausage. Not everything is a complete hit: the duo of cod appetizer was bland; the pork belly could be seasoned more.  
I would give Il Pittore more stars if it weren't for two real knocks against it: 
1.  It is really expensive, about twice as expensive as its nearby competitors without being really twice as good. The wine and cocktails are as overpriced as Craig Laban said in his review.  So beware! 
2.  Lots of server interference. Il Pittore seems to suffer from a lack of confidence based on how many times, and from how many different servers, we were asked whether we enjoyed everything, often within 5 minutes of each other. Every dish seems to have a long preamble. At a certain point, it gets tough to have a normal conversation on anything except the food.Excellent, attentive service. Perfect portions to be able to share and enjoy several dishes. Two of the pasta dishes were a bit too salty even for me who loves salt but they were still delicious. Had the suckling pig for the secondi and it was absolutely amazing. Ambiance was beautiful. Definitely worth all the raves and reviews.Hands down the best dining experience I've ever had!
I took my boyfriend here for his birthday & the entire staff went above & beyond to ensure that we'd have an amazing dinner. 
From the moment we walked in for the coat check to the dinner to when we left -- everyone who worked there was amazingly cordial, professional, friendly & highly trained. We didn't even realize that we were there for 3 hours until we left!
Never have I been treated so well at a restaurant -- they made us both feel like we were at a VIP status!
Ed, the chef made the most delicious meals with the perfect presentation. We ate lobster tortellini, free range chicken, duck ravioli, hand-rolled pasta, amazing ricotta & ziti appetizers... the wine was chosen for us by Michael, a charmingly professional yet personal sommelier & was so good. For dessert -- nutella injected chocolate doughnuts & the "napoleon" ...wow!
Our waiter Andrew was outstandingly attentive & our waitress Alexa was positive, friendly & patient regardless of how busy it got. 
I wish I could access the review page on OpenTable.com to leave an equally positive review. Tell your friends, take a date.... eat at this phenomenal Italian restaurant!!!!Highlights include the wonderful location, and perfect ambiance.  Enjoyed the octopus very much.  pasta was cooked just right.  Dishes were little over salted. Would definitely go back to try some of there other dishes.The food here is delicious! We had assorted cheeses, lobster tortellini and the squash pasta special. The squash ravioli was so fresh and flavorful, my favorite dish of the night. I ordered the short rib which I loved. Our service was also top notch. Our server went above and beyond, recommending wine pairings and food suggestions. Overall the whole experience was great. The only negative really was the price tag, a bit pricey but I guess you get what you pay for. One of the top Italian restaurants in Philly for sure.Amazing experience and amazing food. The only reason I am not giving then 5 stars is because I am a vegetarian, allergic to mushrooms and almost all their veg options had mushrooms. We went here with my husband for our first wedding anniversary dinner. We had a very nice experience. Great ambiance , great servers. They don't try rush you. We were confused about what wine to order and this super nice gentleman came abd spent a good 15 minutes helping us choose a wine, which was absolutely fantastic. It is a little expensive. We ended up spending 300 bucks for the two of us but it was worth it. Those who are on a budget and can't spend this kind of money all the time, it's a food place to go may be once a year or 6 months , to just enjoy a real fantastic Italian dinner. Must try their dessert too. It's super fresh ! :) 
If they cold add some veg items that aren't all mushrooms, I would be a regular at this place, because I am about to run out of things to try there.My fiancé and I were referred to Il Pittore and it was an absolutely amazing experience.  The host staff was very warm and inviting.  Our server Jordan was amazing. We have been to many restaurants in our lives and Jordan had to be the best server we have ever had. With this being our first time there he reviewed the entire menu to us and recommended a great white wine. Our wine glasses were never empty. Caleb the General Manager stopped by to welcome us. To be honest everyone there was friendly and made sure they gave us the best experience. We will be back!
I recommend the Bruschetta with Mushrooms & Favas, Potatoe Gnocchi, Tortellini and any of the fish. Hands down amazing. Thank you for a fabulous experience.The service out shined the food by far. Everyone we encountered was so attentive, knowledgeable, and personable. It seemed like they sincerely enjoyed working there.
The food was incredibly over salted to the point where I was going through water like a fish. I could only eat 1/3rd of my suckling pig. Definitely not impressed.really really not outstanding.  i'm not sure what philly mag got all worked up about.  a highlight was the agnilotti.  food took forever to arrive.  Octopus primi did not even rival Dmitri's.  Save your cash.The highlights are extremely attentive wait Staff and managers as well as great decor. The food is good, but not fantastic. Two of our four entries we very good the other two were fine.It was the wonderful bar/window that caught my eye.   And two lovely smiling hostesses didn't hurt either.  I was there with a business colleague; we were given the choice of the "chef's table" or upstairs dining.  We chose the former and were glad for it.  We had a wonderfully entertaining host, John.  Terrific drink selection - I had prosecco and my colleague was pleased with the beer choices.  Got apps, I got the crudo, which was delicious and beautiful.  Had the house made pasta for dinner and was extremely happy with my choice.  Roasted Brussels sprouts on the side- lovely.  Had gelato for dessert...all bursting with flavor.  John kept our glasses full, and the laughter ongoing.  I picked up the tab, which was steep, but my colleague and I could talk business comfortably and really enjoyed the evening.  I love Philly and this place is smokin'.  Made me wish (for a few hours anyway) that I lived in Philly so I could eat here more often.My sister had been wanting to go to this place for awhile, but I was hesitant due to the fact that I'm vegan and the menu looked relatively meat-heavy.  However, I called ahead of time to ask if they could accommodate special diets and they said it wouldn't be a problem.  They put a note next to our reservation so that when we got there, our waiter already knew that there was going to be a vegan at the table.  Then, one of the guys who worked there (the manager, perhaps?) came out to tell me each item on the menu that could be made vegan- there were several, which made the choice very difficult!  I ended up getting the brussel sprouts with pine nuts (without the cheese) and a pasta dish that was delicious.  The waiter was sure to let me know that everything would be cooked in olive oil and not butter and that the pasta that I ordered wasn't made with eggs.
Given how accommodating and friendly they were, I have to give them 5 stars.  I've been to many restaurants that aren't as welcoming or knowledgeable about vegan diets and really feel that the staff at Il Pittore went above and beyond.  Highly recommend!!
Also, the atmosphere and way the restaurant is decorated is very nice and welcoming.(4) ~ Very good overall Food & Service
OUR MENU:
* Water(still) = (4) very good
* Roman Highball(cocktail) = (4) very good
* Italian Blonde Lager = (3.5) good
* Bread Basket = (5) Excellent!
* Baked Ricotta = (4.5) Very Good!
* Lamb Sausage Apt = (3.5) good
* Duck Agnolotti = (4) very good
* Suckling Pig = (4.5) Very Good!
* Butternut Squash(side) = (3.5) good
* Napoleon(dessert) = (4) very good
* French-pressed Coffee = (4) very good
PARKING: There's a nearby City Parking Garage next to the Restaurant.  And the Restaurant will give you a "Parking Coupon" if you ask.  BUT pay close attention to the Regular Parking Rate and How Much the Coupon is for, b/k the "rude" Parking attendant will try to get you to pay more than you're supposed to, which was the only bad part of our date;-(My husband and I had dinner at Il Pittore last night for our 10 year anniversary.  I was slightly skeptical about a Stephen Starr restaurant (at which I've always had great dinners but doesn't always "scream" special occasion), but I was pleasantly surprised. The decor was very simple and rustic.  We were early for our reservation so we enjoyed a cocktail downstairs - nice list of classic and modern Italian cocktails.  Both the antipasti and primi were quite small but very good.  My husband particularly enjoyed his duck agnolotti, my pappardelle with boar ragu was good as well but had an odd taste I couldn't quite place.  The secondi were average size and the veal cheeks over polenta were a standout.  My one complaint is that I had emailed the restaurant letting them know it was our 10 year anniversary and requested a special dessert  with Happy Anniversary on the plate.  The email was never acknowledged nor was the dessert received, however the warm peach cake with honey gelato was fabulous.  Overall a great dinner and good service.Great for pasta lovers!!! Beautifull place and good service... Like It!
Small Pasta primi plates but you can go with 2-3 of those, just perfect flavours mix.My husband and I always choose a Starr restaurant when dining out.   We do so for the simple fact that we enjoy the concept behind each establishment and tend to know what to expect from the brands standard.   
With that said, Il Pittore was our final stop on the tour de Starr.  Why have we waited to dine here you ask? No reason.  Just circumstance, I guess.  However, I do believe that the stars aligned for what occurred last night.  Euphoria. 
Upon entering this unbelievable reality of what ones vision would be when venturing out to eat, this gem exceeded any expectation I could have had. 
At our arrival the sheer awesomeness began. 
Jen, is the epitome of what a host should be, gracious.  Observing her interactions with others and not just us was incredibly warm and her ability to genuinely engage is a quality  most young people do not  have today.  
At the bar we encountered Jacob. A knowledgable young man with a quality of reserve that just came natural.  At times this can be a trait which could be considered cold but he mastered it with a knack of confident air that was not off putting but gentle. 
What was about to happen next is unfortunately a rarity. I state this because I have worked in all areas of the house and know that this exceptional quality comes only so often to a restaurant.  Many strive for it and work at it however, it is only naturally embedded in a select few, from my experience anyway. Service. 
Kevin, has the ability to serve. Some may see this quality in a negative light.  This is by far the most noble quality any human-being can possess.
Knowledgable without arrogance.  Respectful without doting. Attentive without annoyance.  I felt as I had known him forever and yet he was not too familiar.  His affinity for others to have "the experience" could not be seen by the naked eye because the level of skill was almost hypnotic.  I find that it was my privilege to be in his presence because of the deep respect and love for his craft was just that apparent.   He has a way to make one of the hardest jobs seem so effortless and I believe it is because of love. 
Of course the food speaks for its self. A million thank yous to the chef and team that went above and beyond to make our tastings and experience that more enjoyable.  
I firmly believe the concept is to have greatness and love in your offerings and people will undoubtably come.  However, it is service that will create a bonding relationship to last a restaurants lifetime.  Last night that bond was created. The Painter and I are now family forever.
Bravo!Delicious food, impeccable service, great ambiance, nice wine list and drink menu.  The only thing I have to complain about is not getting more food, for the price.  I arrived early for a dinner date with a friend and the staff offered me a seat at the bar and a drink menu.  I took the seat at the bar facing outside so that I could people watch while I waited and ordered a glass of prosecco.  The waitor was extremely helpful and explained the best menu options to me along with some of the items on the lunch tasting menu.  My mouth was already watering.  I had the duck breast ravioli  from the tasting menu and the suckling pig along with a side of brussel sproouts.  Everything was delicious and perfectly cooked.  There was nothing I could have made better or wanted any differently.  I only wish I had more of everything.  Meals here are pretty pricey, I think the bill was around $150 for 2 people, and we didn't have dessert, but we did have a few drinks.  Even with the price, it was worth it, although I still just wish I had a little more pasta with my order.  I'll be back for sure.Stopped by this lovely little spot on the way home from work with a friend. Not knowing anything about it was so pleasantly surprised. Great atmosphere from the second we walked in and nothing short of wonderful through the whole meal. Tired after a long day, felt relaxed never rushed and even learned a few things along the way with the help of the knowledgable and approachable bartender. Topped off with complimentary dessert! I work in the neighborhood and will definitely be sending my clients their way. (The beet salad and fresh pesto was to die for)3.75
Enough with small plate lectures please. Stop trying to up sell, stop questioning and lecturing about what the customer orders-- its annoying. 
Food good but too salty at times, also too much hidden bacon.
Wines just OK for the price, also served too chilled for aromatic reds like barolo and sup Tuscan. I would go back for another shot at it.Just returned to my hotel from dinner here and just had to fire off a review.  Fantastic and classic Northern Italian food with a modern twist, excellent service, and quaint and comfortable atmosphere.
A lamb sausage wrapped in cabbage in a red lentil sauce appetizer was scrumptious. The pasta first course of beef short rib ravioli and small stuffed pastas with puréed peas and topped with exotic mushrooms was delicious. The main course of suckling pig, and snapper, with a side of brocolli rab was the clincher.
Prices reasonable and place unpretentious.  The best part was the wines, and a knowledgeable and approachable sommelier.  He poured me a flight of Italian reds, and very passionately and unpretentiously told their story.  And they were out of this world good.
I will be back my next trip to Philly.Amazing Service. Great wine. Atmosphere could not be better and then the food....insane.  Just do yourself a favor and treat yourself!We had the chef's tasting menu and were pleased overall. For me each dish was just a notch over salted but my husband felt it was fine. The sunchoke purée was fantastic and the scallop was cooked perfectly. Service was impeccable- not just attentive but warm as well.Favorite restaurant! The food is delicious. Try the baked ricotta, it's light and airy paired with an amazing grilled bread. Don't forget the dandelion salad. The combination of the bitter dandelion and the sweet peach is a flavor explosion. The portions are smaller so feel free to order a few types of apps and pastas. Delicious! The service is fantastic, you can tell that the staff is excited about the menu, the food, the entire atmosphere. Parking is right next store, can't beat it!My boyfriend and I recently dined at Il Pittore. Looking over the menu before hand, I was excited for what this restaurant had to offer.  In short, the food ranged from eh-ok to delicious but our server seemed angry that we ever sat down.
Knowing that the portion sizes were smaller and the menu designed to have an appetizer, first course, and second course, we started with the beet salad and baked ricotta, which both were phenomenal.  I absolutely adore beets and this salad is one of the better beet options that I have had in Philadelphia.
For our pasta course we shared the ziti with leeks and breadcrumbs and the ravioli.  Both were tasty but extremely rich; a little too much butter/oil for me.  
The entrees were what missed for me. I ordered the stuffed trout since I don't eat meat and took three bites and was finished.  My boyfriend loved his scallops and finished my fish, but, for me, it was not a hit.  We also had a side of brussel sprouts, which were delicious. 
Unfortunately, our server seemed upset at our age from the moment we sat down; as you can see from above we ordered seven courses, four cocktails (delicious), two coffees, and dessert, so we are not cheap youngsters.  We both have worked in the industry and don't enjoy being treated poorly.  The support staff were excellent; kind, attentive, and accommodating.  I don't believe that we will be returning. Overall we spent close to $250 and didn't have the best time.Came here this past Friday with 7 people. While the bar area is extremely tight, the upstairs dining area is open and airy. Sat by the back window and had a wonderful view of the entire restaurant. It seems that 2 out of the 7 of us HATED this restaurant but the other 5 LOVED IT!! I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants an upscale Steven Starr dining experience. Had the fava bean bruschetta, which was outrageous and the Corzetti, which was some what spicier than I had anticipated. The restaurant was packed, which provided for a great vibe. The other people with us had the arugula salad, cauliflower salad, pappardelle, tortellinin and ravioli. The portions are not huge so if you are hungry order the full size pasta dishes. Also, the drinks were delicious!The best pasta in Philly - in fact this is my favorite restaurant in philly.  Wine list and the sommelier knowledge is fantastic.  Inventive, welcoming and at times sublime.  This is how it should be done.Great salads, amazing pastas, tremendous entrees. 3 for 3! Plus a shutout to Kevin the bartenderOne of the better meals I've eaten. The whole experience was great, from the food to the service to the ambience of the location.
I started with the Kale Lollipop Sprouts. I'm a big fan of sprouts, and this hybrid was cooked perfectly. I'm also a sucker for sous vide eggs, and the centerpiece of this dish had a fantastic texture. My second dish was the papardelle. This was actually the least interesting of my dishes, but it was still pretty darn good. The pasta alone was excellent. My main entree was the roasted rack of rabbit. Oh my goodness, this was cooked to perfection! So tender and tasty. The polenta accompanying the rabbit was a nice textural addition. I ended my meal with a dessert called boudin/i (sp?). It was a little square of salted caramel on top of a light, fluffy cookie like a meringue with some thin chocolate slices. I took tiny bites of this thing to make it last as long as possible, because it was amazing!
The service was excellent. We were seated immediately (we had reservations). The server and other staff were very knowledgeable about the menu and were very attentive, to boot.
Excellent!Truffle butter on 5 cheese ravioli pasta... enough said!!! I came here with my vegetarian girl friend and decided to be a herbivore for a meal, we ordered the gnocchi, mushroom and spinach bruschetta and yes the 5 cheese ravioli pasta, everything was so flavor full, and definitely excited my palate in ways that few restaurants can. The service was awesome, our bartender was really knowledgeable about the food and even let me try a free kumquat since I never had one ( its a small orange for those who dont know)
Oh yeah I didn't mention dessert, BOMB!!!! chocolate donuts with warm nutella on the inside, with a vanilla bean custard sauce, seriously I'm done because as I'm typing this review I want to go back. 
Next time I go, I will definitely go back to my carnivore ways and order the wild boar because it sounded fantastic. 
Definitely Definitely try this restaurant you will not regret it.(Mostly) 5 star food at 7 star prices. The bread (focaccia, ciabbiatta, and grisilli) and soft shell crab ($16) appetizer were real highlights.  My husband liked the duck agnolotti ($16) more than I did (I thought it tasted oddly game-y) and given the tiny portion this should have been $12.  The wild boar papardelle whic--coincidentally--is identical to that which has been served for years at Melograno across the street was good but not spectacular. Go for it at Melograno instead of here. The suckling pig ($31) was a real standout with a beautiful crust and great flavor. More of a winter dish, but I'd eat it anytime.  The only thing keeping this place from a definite 5 stars is that the prices are $3-4 too high per dish. I could live with this if the tables of two weren't spaced at BYOB distances. You will be closer to the stranger to your side than your dinner guest across from you.Nice location and dining room, many nice cheese and and salami boards, the appetizers were nice but lacking in flavor, the dinner itself was tasty yet very small considering how much it cost...My friend Chris W and I were in the mood for Italian, so we went to Chef Chris Painter's Il Pittore, a restaurant famous for its mostly northern Italian cuisine. I've been to Il Pittore shortly after it first opened and this visit evoked fond memories of that first visit... until the accident. Chris' porter beer dropped off the server's plate and spilled all over the center of the table. The servers were deeply apologetic and came up with a contingency plan to hide the mess. The manager stopped by to apologize and offered us a complimentary appetizer, drinks, and desserts for our troubles. I laud them for their efforts. Stephen Starr-owned restaurants have always handled issues like this with class. The Brussel Sprouts with kale, poached egg, and carrot purée was a beautiful combination of textures and flavors. I liked how the sweetness of the carrots tempered the bitterness of the greens. The Butter Squash Agrodolce was almost like eating a savory candy. I liked the crunch of the mandolined butternut squash. Alas, I did not love the two pastas. My Chanterelle Agnolotti was better in its duck form on my first visit and the Gramigna left me wanting a little more sausage. The Roasted Venison Loin was exceptionally tender and juicy. I loved it. Chris didn't. He had fond memories of hunting and eating venison in his youth. I told him he shouldn't compare the two venison experiences in quite the same way. My Slow-Cooked Suckling Pig knocked my socks right off... and my shoes, too. OH. MY. GOD... whoa, honey! This is wayyy too orgasmic!!! My words to Chris were, "This is really really really really really really really really good!" Yes, I did say "really" eight times. The crispy skin. The fork tender meat. So soft... moist... juicy... it's better than sex. Seriously. I loved the pear mostarda topping. I loved the baby carrots. This dish is better than the first time I had it. My Chestnut Cheesecake was really good. I loved every bite, especially the cinnamon whipped cream. The Espresso Bonet, or coffee flan, was good. Chris liked the little cookies that came with it. Overall, I'm a fan of the food here. I look forward to my next visit.Incredible experience. GM mike was great as well as his staff. Very accommodating and helpful. Food was excellent. Every dish was fantastic. Wine was good. I had an awesome birthday dinner there. The beet salad was so good.We celebrated 28 years of wedded bliss tonight here and it was simply wonderful. I started with the heirloom tomato, mozzarella and arugula salad, while my husband had the lamb sausage in tomato and lentil sauce. That was followed by rack and leg of rabbit for him and tortellini stuffed with lobster and black truffle for me, and a shared side of roasted long hot peppers. It's not a celebration without dessert- so that meant a chocolate almond tart with fig reduction for me and an orange ricotta cheesecake for my  guy. Every course was delicious, the service was impeccable and they helped us celebrate with a decorated dessert dish and a round of liqueur on the house. This was everything a romantic anniversary dinner is supposed to be. Loved it!We had dinner here last night. The food was very good and the service was great. We had
Braised Octopus it was so tender VG, Corzetti with goat meat VG, Slow-Cooked 
Suckling Pig a bit dry more like pulled pork in the shape of a square G. And the best dish
Venison Loin cooked perfect and so tender VG. The 2 deserts were VG along with the wine. The place is small but the dinning upstairs is open and airy. And it is quite expensive but worth it.Last night I visited Il Pittore with a group of  girls for my mic anticipated birthday dinner. I had told the host when I made my reservation that it was my birthday and they said not a word about it during the night. After reading another reviewer write about how they made such a big deal about their birthday, I was a little disappointed. I guess I expect more from a Starr restaurant.
But I have to say that service was stellar. Our server was attentive, helpful and not pushy to sell us more. She didn't rush us at all even though we def lingered for a bit after we we were done with our meal.
We started off the meal with the mushroom ragu on country toast appetizer. All I can say is wow- it was so delicious I could have licked the plate. But holy cow really Starr? If you are going to charge $16 an appetizer, could you spare more than the two measly size of a thumb pieces of toast you put on the plate? Considering that app likely costs about a $1 to make, I think you could afford to create the elegance vibe of the dishes you are looking to create with a little less stinginess without becoming south philly Italian style.
My friends and I are spoiled by the abundance of tapas places in the city, so  although Pittore is not a tapas restaurant per se, we decided to just order multiple dishes and share them. 
We ordered three secondi dishes- the pappardelle with wild boar ragu (yum); gnochetti with blue crab (also yum) and ravioli with Swiss chard in a buttery light (oxymoron I know) sauce. All were delicious, but again, at $16 a pop, I would expect more than 4 raviolis on a plate.
For entrees we went with two $28 dishes- the mouthwatering lamb over two spoonfuls of mashed potatoes and the scallops which came with three perfectly cooked scallops with a surprisingly tasty squash purée.
Finally we ended the meal by sharing two desserts- the mocha cheesecake, tasty but tiny, and the chocolate bomboloni, five small amazing donuts filled with nutella and drizzled with a cream sauce.
All in all, the food gave me no complaints, but at these prices and portion sizes, until they make some changes, you are better off going to a Garces joint like Tinto or Amada. For the same prices you get the same beautiful decor and exquisite service and leave feeling satisfyingly full.Went twice within a month so it was clearly good, however the pastas have been very salty. The service was great and very attentive. Wine pairing was perfect. Food could use a little more balance and a bit less salt (and I like salt).I like this a lot. Great food. Good help with the (entirely Italian but quite the selection) wine. A little pricier than some alternative eats in the neighborhood (note to self, think $250 for two, all-in), but rather worth it. Nice enough to be special.I went here between comedy shows - big mistake.
As soon as I told them that I was just doing a quick bite and beer, I was treated like an inconvenience.
The service was pathetic. I guess they were upset that my bill total would equal much less than what they may have been accustom to which meant a smaller tip. However they did try to make it up by charging me $7 for a glass of water.
Yes - $7 FOR A GLASS OF WATER.
If you're looking for a place that will welcome and appreciate your business - keep walking. Il Pittore ain't it.From the service, to the food, to the ambiance, Il Pittore was top notch.  The staff was extremely attentive and friendly.  The food...outstanding.  We had the lamb sausage appetizer - so flavorful we wanted to lick the plate.  We split a pasta course - homemade pasta, need I say more?  I had the braised short rib dish as my secondi - they were cooked perfectly.  Braised short rib is one of my favorite dishes to order out but it can be so easily done wrong.  Il Pittore did them so right!  We will definitely be going back!My dining experience at Il Pittore was excellent.  From the moment we walked in we were welcomed and felt at home.  I made the reservation Open Table and mentioned that it was my boyfriend's birthday.  So when we walked in the host greeted us and wished him a happy birthday.
There are two rooms, downstairs and upstairs.  We were sat upstairs but there was a bar downstairs and a large table downstairs and upstairs for groups.  The ambiance is cozy, modern and romantic.  Candles are lit on each table and the room was dim.
Our server, Kevin, was excellent.  He was very informative but also down to earth. After explaining the menu he also explained the drink menu and special pasta menu, where you get several courses of pasta and dessert for a set price.  If you are interested there is also a sommelier available to help you choose wine.
Each table receives a basket of bread and butter in a small pot.  The bread was fantastic!  There were several different kinds, all crispy, light and warm.  Traditionally, you should order an appetizer, first course, and second course.  We shared Ravioli di Ricotta e Verza, swiss chard and ricotta filled ravioli with chanterelle mushrooms and truffle butter.  The ravioli were light and airy, similar to eating a buttery, savory, pillow of air.
As a main course I had Black Bass "Gamberetto", roasted filet with ruby red shrimp, creamed spinach and sopressatta.  The bass was cooked perfectly and was quite delicious.  My boyfriend had Pollo al Mattone, brick-roasted half chicken, brushed with mustard and rosemary bread crumbs.  The chicken was juicy and the mustard gave it a unique zest.  Overall, I'd say the main course was up to Stephen Starr standards.
For dessert we tried some gelato: double chocolate chip, vanilla and cinnamon.  The gelato came out in a dish that had 3 separate compartments with each of the flavors separated.  Along with the gelato came a plate with biscotti, some kind of iced cookies and said happy birthday written in chocolate.  Oh, there was a candle in the gelato as well.  After we dug in, the manager brought us a traditional Italian dessert, affogato, which was a martini glass with vanilla gelato and whipped cream.  He then poured hot espresso in the glass and it melted the gelato and made it deliously creamy and a perfect way to end our meal.
If I had to pick the best part of the restaurant I would say the service.  Everyone went above and beyond to make us feel welcome and tend to our every need.  My boyfriend was wished happy birthday multiple times and it really made the difference that they cared.  And again, Kevin really made our night special and fun.  I will definitely be back and recommend it to anyone!Thursday night with a good friend at ll Pittore.  The Mexigroni mixed by Derek the bartender was unbelievable.  The service was good but over-attentive which seems to be the prevailing trend now.  We ordered the salted cod which was a perfectly portioned small plate and was delicious; it was topped with octopus and a delicate pickled onion that balanced the dish with its acidity. The Cacio peppe was al dente and very good as well. I am looking forward to going back!I didnt know what to expect from Il Pittore before going there. I kept hearing from people that had been there how amazing it was, but you never hear about it being mentioned as one of Philly's bests, or hearing very much praise from Philly food critics about it. After dining there, I cannot for the life of me wrap my head around why. They have outstanding food and service!
We were treated very well from the moment that we arrived. Service was on it. He was around when we needed him to be, and he disappeared when we didnt need him. He explained the menu perfectly to us, and we wound up ordering the perfect amount of food. Once we were seated, right at the top of the stairs, I noticed a giant black truffle almost the size of an orange on the sill next to my head. The smell was outrageous. I hadnt ever seen a truffle in real life, and this one left me craving something with that fresh truffle grated all over top of it.
As luck would have it, one of the specials for the evening was a freshly made tagliatelle with grated fresh truffle on top, and it was outstanding. The rich mushroom flavor provided by the truffle was like nothing I have ever experienced. It went incredible well the delicately fresh pasta. Pretty much everything that we had that evening was fantastic. From our cocktails, the Monte Fiore and the Secretariat, a delicious concoction of bourbon, blood oranga and mint, to the baked ricotta with apple mostarda, the fresh tuna crudo, the delicious pansotti, and the beautifully cooked cod special of the evening served with mushrooms and mashed polenta, everything was pure perfection. The baked ricotta was phenomenal when spread over toast. The tuna crudo was incredibly fresh, thinly sliced and seasoned with just the right amount of citrus and salt. 
The pansotti was incredibly tender as well. The filling was amazing. Cauliflower, with sage and brown butter, not sure if there is a better combination out there. The cod was seared quickly and had just enough of a crust to give it the perfect texture. It was beautifully cooked all the way through, and the sauce and mushrooms went beautifully with the polenta and fish. 
I will go back to Il Pittore anytime. It is an unassuming place, that simply executes flawless dishes and gives you great service in the meantime. Its worth a visit.I went to il pittore for first time this past Saturday.  I have never been more pleasantly surprised with a restaurant (in a good way).  
We sat at the bar which I honestly prefer for a more casual experience.  The general manager gave us an unbelievable tour of the menu which not only helped steer us in the correct direction for course choices but also had us super excited to try several dishes.  We decided to try two dishes from each area of the menu (appetizers, pastas which are all made in house, entrees).
The sausage appetizer is an absolute requirement.  Unbelievable flavor, seasoned perfect.  The ravioli was my favorite pasta, sweet and savory.  Absolutely delicious.  If it was acceptable to lick the dish I would have.  Lastly, the veal shoulder; delicious, tender, the perfect winter dish.
Service was on point, food was unbelievable, extensive wine options, excellent atmosphere.  I cannot wait to go back!We had the pleasure of dining at Il Pittore last night for dinner. We enjoyed the chefs tasting menu and really enjoyed every dish. The service was wonderful. Jordan our sever helped us choose the perfect red wine that really complimented all of our courses. The scallop dish on the menu was the course that really stood out to us and had made us wish we could have more of it. The dessert dish of bread pudding served with a Gorgonzola icecream really made us smile. We find in Philadelphia that a lot of the dessert dishes are an afterthought and never executed properly but il Pittore really did it well. I did think the pasta dishes were over salted but everyone has a different palette. We are excited about returning to further explore the menu. :)The entire experience, the food and service, was out of this world. My group did the tasting menu and could not have been happier. It's been a while so I don't remember all the nitty gritty details, but I do remember finding the first course, the nantucket scallops, were absolutely exquisite. Our server was also amazing. He knew everything the menu had to offer and more, and he also had a good sense of humor. 
The only bad thing about this place is that the prices are ridiculous. However, if you're willing to drop a load of money, this is definitely a great place to do it.It was a very quiet Sunday in December.  I think the rounds of holiday parties had already begun and most people were at home watching football and recovering.  BUT, that made it the perfect night to try Il Pittore for the first time.   
My friend and I sat at the communal bar area.  Perfect- no pressure to order a lot of food- varying appetites.
Haute Tuscan cuisine.  Rich pan sauces and lots of wild game.  In house handmade pastas- toothsome is the only word that keeps popping into my mind.  Small portions.  
This is probably the most intimate of SRO's ventures.   It is still a hidden gem.  No major reviews posted yet.   
Cyrus, our server, was wonderfully attentive as was the rest of the front of house staff. 
We started with porcini bruschetta, then the lasagna, duck pasta, and finished with veal cheeks.   The bread basket was perfect for sopping up all the sauces- not that we did that...   The artistic plating using a paintbrush to apply sauces made each plate a delight to the eye as well as the palate. 
As a surprise, Chef sent out an extra pasta dish- shrimp and broccoli rabe for us to sample.  Then, a dessert - little pillows of molten fried chocolate.   The Chef came out to check on us.  
This was the most intimate dining experience I had had in a long time.   So cozy on a chilly winter night.  Lovely.