I went March (shortly after the grand opening I presume) with my group of friends as it's been a place I've been frequenting since 2007. 
So when I pulled up and noticed the signage had changed, you could imagine I was a little confused. 
Upon getting seated, something just felt off. We got seated a table with a dirty grill. When we got the menus, we noticed the price had gone up exponentially for the BBQ ayce. We eventually ordered and sat there for about 5 minutes or so before they brought us rice, soup and water. The rice was cold and hard. The soup was nothing compared to the original.
We sat there another 10-15 minutes waiting for the meats to come out. They didn't. The staff just sat around talking. 
Eventually, I called who I assumed was the manager over and asked if the place was under new management. He confirmed and asked if something was wrong. I told him we wouldn't be staying as the quality had clearly gone down and the wait was unacceptable. 
I'm so bummed. I don't ever write yelp reviews, but I felt the need to a place that was a staple of mine. If anyone knows if the original owners opened up shop anywhere, lemme know! 
If you go expecting the same service from last year or the years prior, don't go. 
Otherwise, best of luck.Good, not great
You get your money's worth, that you can rest assured of.
Restaurant is clean and nicely appointed.  We ordered the BBQ buffet and received something like a bento box filled with beef, short ribs, pork, shrimp, squid, onions, butter, yams and potatoes.  
You'll receive a complimentary soup and appetizer, clearly an attempt to fill you up before you order more protein (it's a flat price, all you can [but probably shouldn't] eat).
A little tip that I should have known:  The center of the grill pan is the hottest part, you can get a good sear on your protein there, and then move back to the outside where it can coast.
It's a good experience.  I don't think it's going to be your "go to" spot, but it's a solid value and worth a try.We went the other day during lunch for the BBQ Buffet sans Hotpot, and one box of bbq goodness was enough for all 6 of us ! We didn't finish the chicken or yams, and although i brought some sauces back to our table i never once dipped in it because the bbq was good alone.
i'll be back someday with a bigger party and will try the hotpot next time :)Ok this place sucks let me say that out right. just for those who like to skim the first few sentences of a review dont go here!!!!
anyways... let me first start about the menu...
 -Theres a house special and a seafood special for hotpot.
i wasn't to sure what the difference was so i asked the waitress... 
only to find out its the same exact thing!! 
WTF!?!?
Excuse me why are they both on your menu then?
no clue...
 -Secondly i ordered a beer which came out room temperature from their refrigerator...
 -Third i ordered dishes for my hot pot not BBQ so why did i get the BBQ version of the dish which cost more money. can you send this back please this isn't what i ordered miss... sure but we're still going to charge you for it... thanks a lot.
 -the sauces are out in the open and exposed to sun light is that healthy?
i would think that would be a health code violation...
 -lastly as Thao N. was saying please dont make me for a fool and speak about me in another language... people do understand other languages...
BOTTOM LINE:
 If i could give this restaurant a negative i would but too bad i cant. don't go here and please save yourself some money.Hear the sizzle??  The sound of BBQ.  Thats right BBQ!!  I've been to this place before, but a long long time ago.  Never had the BBQ there until now.  Small friendly restuarant, with the quaint decor featuring the autographed picture of The Pitbull from ECW (Extreme Championship Wrestling).  Theres a picture of former Mayor Street, but who cares about him!!  Back to the food lol.
Extremely cheap eats for a Korean style BBQ.  Prices I believe are 17.95 per person for dinner and 12.95 for lunch.  But it comes with hotpot for that price too.  The BBQ was good enough, hotpot would of put it over the top, meaning there would of been too much food to eat lol.  There's only so much you can eat until one explodes, unless your a championship eater like my brother, who would then order a cheese burger as we drive home.  The condiments are in front of the restaurant, basically you make your own concoctions of sauce.  We'll leave that to your imagination.  
The wait staff is quite friendly, they know what you want to order, its like they have esp lol.  You should spend a few hours there lol,  Don't eat all day, then go there and gorge yourself!!   Great place to eat! 
Happy Eating!!Pretty blah Korean BBQ... I wanted to try it out because heard of it through my sister but didnt pay attention to what she said. She said the salted fish fried rice there is pretty good lol. My bf and I went in for a Korean fix, dissapointed!The statement in Yelp's basic description that alcohol is not served by the restaurant is incorrect.  The place has a full bar.  Furthermore, their special combos are great as you get carmelized fish, seafood soup and excellent fried rice for a reasonable price.Visited today.the beef was very hard ,the squid was stale.........but it is only $11 for lunch buffet .it is ok for the price .the only thing make me happy was the waitress is very nice and friendly ..........
...........Came here recently to show my friends this place. I had good memories about this place from my childhood, but it has changed. Being a hospitality student doesn't help my already high standards. 
Service was ehhh. Staff started mopping the place shorty after we arrived so we kinda lost our appetite. We were also seated in a unpleasant corner even though there was people sitting in a cluster on the opposite end of the restaurant. We got the all you eat hot pot and BBQ, and we were surprised to see the meats served on one plate (cross contamination) and that the meat looked like it had better days. 
Also, we asked the staff to replace our grill because it got burnt and we were told that we were dining inappropriately.... But at korean BBQ places, the wonderful ahjummas replace our grill without us asking... Soo I don't know about this. 
Overall, definitely won't be visiting this place ever again.You know what? I never knew that something like this could happen.. a smokeless bbq place. Whenever I usually have Korean bbq, I come out smelling like meat and smoke for at least a day. I wish that all bbq restaurants has this great invention of smokeless bbqer. But nonetheless, the meat was pretty decent here. I am always a sucker for the marinated meats. I don't have much to say to this restaurant.. but if you like asian meat and bbq, then come here beause you will go home smelling good!
BUT...
The sauce bar is a little questionable. I don't know how "fresh" or good these things at the bar could be after a full day's work. I guess when you approach it, be a little careful and approach it with discernment.. idk man. There's something about this bar pushed to a corner and exposed to air for the whole day that kind of made me grossed out.. hahaIf you love Korean BBQ, this place will satisfy your craving. International Smokeless BBQ offers lunch and dinner buffet BBQ, (which you grill your own chicken, beef, shrimp, squid, pork, etc) and hot pot (same stuff as BBQ but cook in broth). These two things are what they're known for and what I recommend ONLY.  All you can eat meat and seafood is awesome, just ask for another box of food to grill if you want more. There is also a salad bar in the back. And don't forget to ask for a change of grill top to ensure your food does not taste burnt. The price is affordable depending if you go for lunch or dinner ranging from 10-20 per person including tax and tip. 
The reason I only recommend the BBQ and hotpot is because everything else sucks or is just average. If you really want good Vietnamese food, I recommend Pho Ta (formerly known as Pho Hoa) on 11 & Washington. And for more good Vietnamese food, take a drive from 6 to 13 Washington avenue or go to Chinatown (I recommend Vietnam Palace).Not the best AYCE hotpot or bbq around but definitely worth it for the price. Went with a bunch of friends and got the hotpot which came to a total of ~$20/person, not bad for getting as much meat and seafood as you can handle. They start you out with an array of Vietnamese apps/side dishes (egg rolls, papaya salad, etc.) which range from alright to mediocre. Then they bring a plate of meat and a plate of seafood for the hotpot, and after that you can ask for refills of anything. While the quality and freshness might not be as high as some other higher-end places, getting as much shrimp, crab, etc. at these prices is still pretty great. Our pot was one half plain broth and one half tom yum, which both tasted alright, nothing special. The sauce + sides (kimchi, daikon, etc) section tucked away in the corner is a little lacking.
All in all, not amazing but satisfactory and very affordable hot pot.I really like this place. It is a "buffet type" of restaurant but with the meal comes a salad, a soup, spring/crab rolls and all the meat /fish that you need for the barbecue. My friend and I came on Saturday afternoon and were served very quickly. The place looks pretty clean and overall I was really happy with the quality of the food (and the freshness of the meat). It was my second time at International Smokeless BBQ and I will definitely go back.you gotta love this place  because they have a lunch combo for $12.50 and dinner combo for $17.50 all you can eat bbq and hot pot. this is one of the good restaurants that i like to visit often with my familyUnder new name and management.  Its a pho place now. Its also Over-priced, has bad service and the manager changed the prices on me. Almost $10 for a bowl of mediocre pho. Why eat here when I can just go a few stores down for almost $3 less with better quality and service. The manager there charged me almost $4.50 including tax for a cup of vietnamese ice coffee with more ice than coffee. I told him that the menu  said it only costed $3. HE replied that the price on menu was outdated and also the ingredients came from California therefore it tastes better and higher priced. That to me sounds like a pile of dung. How ARE the prices on menu outdated when the grand opening was JUST LASY FRIDAY? I already miss the old international bbq. R.I.P.OhMyGod.. I've found bbq + hotpot heaven... near my house! Just for $17.99+tax+tips.. you can enjoy all you can eat bbq. You go grill it yourself the way you like it. Make your own hot sauce. And eat it!
The hotpot also awesome. They got shrimps, clams, crabs, etc. For the hotpot though, they won't bring more of the seafoods if you ran out. But for the meats.. its bottomless.
There were 9 of us and 1 kid. We only pay $23 tips included. Spent about 2 to 3 hours in that restaurant. Definitely worth it.
One thing that can be a pain though, the parking lot. Its either they are too small or just too many people visiting the area.. after all it is located strategically among other Asian supermarket/restaurants.
Go there for dinner! Make sure you bring your friends along. The more the merrier!
One thing I'm not so sure about if this place is BYOB or not. I brought in SOJU though.. (the waiter didn't say anything.. either A) they didn't see or B) it's completely fine) only a small bottle.. since only one or two people in my party that were familiar with it. And as some of you know it, bbq accompanied with soju is equal LOVE. Either way they sell beer and some alcoholic beverages too.
Quick comment on meats.. they are sweeeeeeettt and juicy. :)Have to start off by saying I've been to 3 Korean BBQ places ever so take my review into consideration with the rest. This place is the cheapest I've seen around in the reviews and the food is well worth the money! Only did the BBQ but you can hot pot as well. They bring you shrimp, squid, beef, short ribs, chicken, and pork 2 ways and some veggies.  Some of it is marinated but you can also make your own sauces at the station in the front.
Went with a group of three and 2 of us were completely stuffed by the time we were able to finish the first box, however we did ask for more beef and chicken cause if the human vaccuum sitting next to me! I still found myself pickin at the food even when I knew I couldn't eat anymore!
Decor leaves something to be desired, however they look like they are trying.  
Looking for some good food for a good price? Eat it!This used to be my favorite place to eat until a roach ran out of my bbq grill and the waiter laughed and smashed it with a napkin. Thought everything was ok. I am completely turned off from this. Not to mention the waiter chased us down for a tip after the incident. They were lucky enough we paid the bill.Came here with my boyfriend and a friend. My boyfriend was really craving hot pot and he loves meat. Can't complain about the variety of options ranging from beef to different kinds of seafood available for hot pot. My biggest problem was the broth was really bland (even the spicy broth). We like Szechuan spicy and it definitely wasn't that. Note to self: mix up the sauces really well too. I will say that the BBQ was good with the marinated short ribs. Definitely would just come here for the BBQ and not for the hot pot. 
Service is decent, can't complain. Also, try their durian smoothie...quite the delight if you're into that!The BBQ Buffet is a great deal! For just $14.95 per person (lunch prices are even cheaper) you get a ton of food. They also offer a Hot Pot add on for $17.95 per person, but I wouldn't recommened this unless you really like seafood. 
They start you with a bowl of clear broth soup, shrimp & shaved veg salad, spring rolls, crab rolls, steamed rice, and then comes the meat. A large tray of raw beef, short ribs, chicken, pork, bacon, shrimp, squid, and veggies for your cooking pleasure - with unlimited refills! The meat isn't marinated so they have a sauce/condiment bar that includes pickled veg, seaweed, and kimchi. Yum!
I went with two very hungry guys and they were stuffed (see my pics for everything we stuffed in our faces). I would definitely go again next time I have an insane protein craving. As Dave H. says, I can see why this place gets packed on the weekends. 5 stars for the best deal I've found since being in Philly.At least 4, maybe 4.5 stars. For $22-23 including tax and tip, you get an endless supply of deliciously marinated meats, along with veggies and seafood for the hotpot. This may seem like kind of a lot of money considering the fact that you have to do your own cooking, but for this kind of dining this is actually a pretty excellent deal: it's not unusual for Korean places to charge at least $22-23 for just BBQ (not even AYCE). The service is friendly and they kept giving us what we asked for even though it was dangerously close to closing time. They also didn't seem to mind too much that we overstayed our welcome by 20 minutes, stuffing our faces with every last bit of delicious grilled meat. 
Come really hungry with a group of friends and plan to spend 2-3 hours here.rather than saying this is a "a-ok" spot, i would say this is a "ok, safe to visit" place in south philly haha  don't expect too much when you come here, n you might be surprised! we got complimentary spring rolls, n they were delicious! fresh off the fryer, hot n steamy and it was crispy on the outside n well seasoned on the inside!  The quality is definitely not 5 stars, but hey it's all you can eat!  So if you're hungry and need something quick n speedy, this isn't a bad place to stop by.  Also, if you don't feel like having the BBQ? try the hot pot, probably a healthier choice anyways.
bottomline... come here when you want a cheap and low key meal, dont expect too much service and attention eitherCame in here by chance, and glad I did. For all you can eat the price was right and the food was delicious (assuming you know how to cook beef to a nice medium rare)It was almost 2 years since my last visit. I came back with my mom on lunch time and decides to get buffet. One is for bbq and one is for bbq plus hot pot. For only bbq, u only pay 12.99 and 15.99 to add the hot pot.
The place looks like the same since the last time. But they didnt put the eggs on the salad bar anymore, u have to ask the server. Kimchi was salty but tomatoes and salad were fresh.
We got our meat in 1 container. Squid,  chicken, beef, pork, tripe, and tofu. For hotpot, we got green vegetables, some rice noodles, tofu, fish ball, dumpling, fish, clamp, and shrimp. It a little bit silly, because i got only one piece! And u can ask the seafood more. U can only eat the unlimited meat in the container which is meat. I asked about it to the waiter and she said that we have to pay 25.99 to be able to eat all the menu. Include crab and shrimp. Also we'll get some appetizers like spring rolls and else.
Well it still fair enough since it is about half price. However the meet didnt look so fresh and the salad bar didnt taste good also. The hot pot soup tasted like instant soup. Lucky the server was nice. I think i will not come back unless i heard something new in this placenew management!! its called PHO THAnH NHU now..poor service..and the place is a ripped off! actually, we didnt realize its a new mgt and will never be back again! $8 for a serving of egg rolls!! $2 a piece..summer rolls are just full of lettuce!!Went in for a late lunch last Saturday after a grocery haul at 1st Oriental down the street.  The floor plan looked like many other Vietnamese houses, with an open space occupied by long tables for group dining.  Turns out that I.S. BBQ is run by Chinese folk with a large menu covering several Asian food groups, as well as their signature Hot Pot/Smokeless BBQ grill in the middle of every table.  I wasn't hungry enough for an AYCE meat meal, so went with a few of the small plates - Spring Rolls, BBQ Beef & Lemongrass with Rice, and a bowl of Pho with Lean Steak and Meatballs. 
Service was prompt, but made the mistake of bringing the main courses before the app.  No biggie, but knew someone wasn't being attentive. The Rolls were very good.  Crispy, mildly oily from cooking, but loaded with Pork, Shrimp and Cabbage filler. Nice side of White Radish. The accompanying thin sweet sauce was fine.  Likewise, the beef dish was plentiful and tasty.  The Rice was molded into a plateaued mound, and in great condition to absorb the mix of sauces on the plate. 
The only real shortcoming was with the Pho.  While the broth was decent, the beef was way overcooked and tough to chew.  It had been pre-cooked, and not left to simmer in the soup to reach the right doneness in the bowl. Given all the raw meat available for the Hot Pot, the failure to simply slip a few slices into the bowl was incomprehensible.  Too, the accoutrement lacked Jalapeno slices to bring up the burn.  Disappointing.
While I might consider a return for the Hot Pot or BBQ, the attractiveness of the overall joint was significantly dampened by the Pho Phail.Cheap meat buffet over the grill. A fun experience with friends and new in towners to enjoy. The side of egg rolls and minced shrimp on sugar cane are given with the meal. Beware you will smell like bbq but I love it!Whaat can i say...I was pretty hesitant when I read that it's a vietnamese restaurant..but they have korean BBQ? WHAT? So came by for korean bbq buffet...It was actually pretty good. There's something on the menu for everyone..even hotpot and vegetarian dishes. My avocado shake was pretty good. It's a bang for your buck!Best BBQ/HOTPOT combo i've had. its just too bad its in PA. Wish they had a NYC location. Will come back here someday!Very disappointed. We did the all you can eat BBQ + hotpot. It was terrible. Meat wasn't marinated at all,... Broth tasted like water with a splash some flavored powder. BOT GOOD AT ALL!! You get what you pay for! 
HOWEVER, The guy (server) was the best. Very nice guy and super funny!! 
Unfortunately, We wont see him ever again cuz this place is not good at all!
BOBOS ALL THE WAY!!I was excited to try this bbq grill place, especially since it was my first time. However, I was quite disappointed. I came here along with a friend and it was empty and it was around 12:00 pm, so lunch was only $10.95 which was a reasonable price for a box filled with meat (beef, beef short ribs, pork bacon, squid, tofu, veggies, chicken), and it wasn't marinated that good. The food was okay, it wasn't the best, but it wasn't the worst. I rated this place 1 star because of the customer service. It was absolutely horrible. As mentioned earlier, the place was empty, however, they did not bother asking to refill our drinks, rather we had to ask them. The lady that worked there was rude to me and my friend, when we asked for something she gave us a nasty attitude and face. After getting the check, the lady gave us a nasty look because we asked for change, which we ended up using for her "tip" which she did not deserve AT ALL.
All in all, if you are super hungry and want meat, then you should try this place since it is cheap during lunch hours, however, don't forget about the bad customer service.Came here for my friends birthday recently. Great service and good food. Prices are very reasonable. Would definitely come back!I went there yesterday. The service 2/5. The food 4/5.
But something terrible happen. My friend left his credit card there and he went back to get his card this morning. He met the server who serving us yesterday and she rudely saying she doesn't have his card.
This place is good for just chilling and enjoying bbq.
Don't expect great service or great taste (what do you expect from BBQ)
and Don't bring your kid's there if you can't handle them.This is one of the places I always find myself at whenever I swing through Philly.  It's in the same shopping center as Maxim (ok dimsum) and Pho Ha (my fave Philly Pho place).
AYCE BBQ + Hotpot for $17.99 per person.  They drop the pot of broth into the center of the grill and the perimeter is where you grill.
The meal starts with papaya salad, shrimp rolls and egg rolls.  
The hotpot goods are noodles, mixture of greens, beef, fish, crab, mussels, clams, shrimp, tripe, fish balls, dumplings and a few other seafood items.  
The BBQ items include: butter for the grill, yams, zucchini, three different types of beef, chicken, squid, shrimp and a few others.
It probably isn't the highest quality meat, but better than most other AYCE places in Philly.  The place is probably due for a facelift.  Everyone there is really sweet.  You'll leave smelling like bbq, but you'll be warmed up from the hotpot and full. :)
Also have good drinks (alcoholic and non-alcoholic) and there is a salad bar area with sauces, eggs, kimchi (haven't tried), seaweed salad (tasty), pickled carrot and daikon (adds texture to your meal), and a few other items.So yes Smokeless is under new management. The bbq/hotpot is still here but other Vietnamese dishes were added too. Unfortunately, the bbq/hotpot prices were a lot pricier. $21 for bbq OR hotpot. $27 for bbq AND hotpot. Wow. And that's for the entire day. 
The meats/seafood were marinated very well. There were actually some good cuts of meat that were given but that's barely an excuse why there was a $10 increase from the old price. The burner underneath the grill and hotpot sucks. The flame was in one area in the middle of the grill so the outer area of the grill was barely heating up. It took forever to cook. Like come on, shrimp should not take that long to be cooked all the way. 
For the hotpot, we originally got the "Mongolian" broth which was essentially chicken broth. Luckily we were able to change it to the "Thai" broth which was tom yum flavor with lots of chili oil on top. 
The service was between bad and okay. Sometimes they were running around asking whether the food was okay and sometimes they were just standing there, never actually looking in our direction when we asked for them. 
So I don't know. Overall Smokeless was decent but I left pretty annoyed. Maybe I'll come back next year to see how this restaurant will progress under their new management.Still solid after all these years!  $14 for the lunch AYCE BBQ and Hot Pot, which is a steal given that they will keep bringing you plates of whatever meat you ask for.  I tend to go for the bugolgi and short ribs.  The staff are pretty good about making sure that the hot pot broth is filled and that your requests are replenished.  Plus, it's literally 1/3 the price of any other hot pot/bbq place in the city.Came here for lunch this past weekend with a few friends and had a wonderful meal and experience. Parking lot is very busy and kinda crazy but thankfully we were able to get a spot pretty quickly. 
Our server had a great sense of humor and was very attentive. He made recommendations and asked if anyone at our table had any food allergies. We got several different appetizers to share and the lunch BBQ. Highlights include the Vietnamese summer rolls which were huge and very fresh. The BBQ came with trays of different raw meats and veggies that you cook yourself in the BBQ plates set in the center of the tables that has the smokeless aspect to it that keeps the restaurant from getting too hot and smoky. 
The cooking was a lot of fun like going out for fondue but grilling with tongs instead of skewers. We decided not to get the hot pot but that definitely reminds me of fondue when you cook in oil or broth. This does take some time so if you decide to get the BBQ make sure you're not in a rush to enjoy the full experience. The manager was also very friendly and came over to check on our table throughout the meal. Our server demonstrated the first batch with the butter and tossing in a variety of the cut meats like shrimp, bacon, strip steak, chicken, beef short rib, and squid. 
There is also a dipping sauce bar where you can try a ton of different sauces to dip the meats and veggies in, DELISH. There's nothing like fresh cooked meat to your level of done-ness that makes it extra tasty. Veggies included onion and sweet potato which were very good grilled too. The menu is huge with a ton of different choices, even a separate one for drinks like asian fruit milkshakes and bubble tea. Definitely would recommend the food here especially the BBQ.This is a really good spot. Nothing fancy which is fine with me since I tend to go for a more authentic place especially when it comes to something like Korean BBQ. The food was fresh and very well seasoned. The portions were generous and a great deal for the money. I will definitely be returning.I have heard many great thing about this place and this place is over hyped. We ordered a family style meal, small portion! I think they meant a family of two. Once again you get charged for rice. Being Asian we eat everything with rice, its what we are known for.  The seafood combination was freshly thawed out frozen seafood with different fish juices mixing in the platter, man I can almost taste it all over again.
We also ordered an appetizer I for got the name but it was some sort of meat wrapped in grape leaves, freshly out the can. We also had ordered sour based fish soup, I don't get it. A lot of Vietnamese food you have to add a lot of condiments to bring the flavor to your liking. That's doing half the work, why did I get charged full price? Being as though I some what know my way around the kitchen to prepare a dish half is putting together the base of the dish (the veggies or the meats, or a combination of both) the other half is marrying the dish to the ingredients of flavoring that will bring the dish out. Why am I doing it at the dinning table of a Vietnamese restaurant. Pho the same thing, Chef and cooks are intrusted to have a skill that can put flavor and seasoning from the kitchen straight to the customer's table and in return the customer shouldn't even have to add nothing IF, IF the dish is good. The heart of a restaurant are the CHEFS, COOKS, then the SERVICE, then Finally the atmosphere. The  dish is the heart of it all. If the dish is prepared perfectly for you, you can sit on the side of a road and still only think of the dish while enjoying it. 
Sometimes mom's kitchen is the best place to be. Me personally I prefer Khmer food better, its food from the heart, meant for the soul. So thanks International Smokeless BBQ, thank you you for reminding me of where to get real Family style, just like mom's cooking, and Oh did I mention for me and my wife it cost us $89.79 with out tax, and then had the nerves to charge us 18% tip. Unwillingly I paid it, plus tip its not the server's fault. they are JUST working for a living. NEVER AGAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!They have just about everything here from BBQ to hot pot to bubble tea to A la carte dishes.  However, I would definitely get the BBQ and hot pot buffet.  The meats are not as well marinated as they would probably be at a Korean restaurant but they are fresh and pretty good cuts. I was a fan of the squid. The hot pot is great, with plenty of seafood, including crab.  They have a lot of sauces.  Just as a caveat, the Japanese soy sauce is actually more of a teriyaki.  It's a fun dining experience and a great place to eat at with a large group.  True, it is nt very authentic BBQ but it is very reasonably priced, all-you-can-eat, and lets you try a very die range of protein and cooking styles.Come here with the family occasionally on Sundays for lunch.  Pretty standard Asian BBQ place.  The grill is built in the table with a vacuum which sucks up all the smoke.  The service is friendly. 
We get the BBQ with Lamb Hotpot.  The BBQ comes with an assortment of seafood and meats.  They are all seasoned and you grill with butter.  The Hotpot is placed in the middle of the grill so you can grill the BBQ around it.  There is also an unlimited salad bar with a bunch of choices and sauces.  We get lettuce, cucumbers, herbs and some eggs for the Hotpot.  The food is def tasty and leaves you full.
It's a cool experience and you def get the bang for you buck.  If your to lazy to do BBQ at home with a variety or seafood and meats, then this is the perfect place for you and it comes with a Hotpot for a few extra dollars.I am torn over this place. Can't beat $16 all you can eat bbq in the city, but you have to sacrifice a lot for this price. 
Pro:
$16 all you can eat meat
Free appetizers
Friendly staff
When they say smokeless, it's really smokeless - amazing. 
Con:
all the meat comes together in one plate, including chicken, pork, beef, tendon, squid, shrimp, etc. Definitely not the safest thing....
Servers speak very little English
salad bar is definitely not fresh
Meat is marinated in sauce that is extremely high in sugar
I guess it's the place to go to when you're just extremely hungry, but wouldn't come here regularly for the sake of my health.This spot is great for large groups and the meat is great and it's a great value. I would recommend just getting the all you can eat meat without the hot pot. But overall a great value and great food for a great priceWe went there for hotspot. Food is not fresh!! Do not order the lamp!! Feeling sick and throw out after dinner from there. Will not go back there anymore.Fun place to eat and with the buffet price it's an A-OK restaurant. Food was great, service was fast and casual. The beef was so tough that I couldn't eat it. The hot pot was pretty good. The server did knock over a beer that spilled on my lap and did not replace it or take it off the bill.Oh man this place is really good food and friendly services. The food is taste so good
It like pad  Thia, Chinese, Vietnamese and Korean it awesome. My family like to go all the time.  We love it ...,, recommend it!
Hot pot and BBQ sooooooo goodProbably one of the most inexpensive all u can eat korean bbq places. 
They give you a variety of meat but you could also pick out whatever meat you prefer. If your still not full, you simply ask for more til your belly starts to hang out and make you want to unzip your pants so you can breathe.  The servers are very friendly and esp the older lady. Always have a smile on her face unlike most older asian people I meet.  They have a variety of sauces on their condiments area, I highly recommend the korean and japanese sauces. I usually splash them on my meat while its cooking and then also use it as a dipping sauce. I also love their pickeld veggies n kimchee.  
Overall experience- AI love this place. Good meat, lots of choices for the meat, the sauce. Good service and good price. And easy to find parking (free). This place is fun to hang out with friends too. I would recommend the Bbq buffet.One of my absolute favorite restaurants. I've been going here for over a decade and it's stayed consistently good that whole time. The food is excellent, both the famous BBQ options as well as the more traditional Vietnamese items. The place is "international", so many of the choices are influenced by Japanese, Chinese and Korean food which I believe adds a nice, unique touch I've not found at other Vietnamese restaurants. 
I also appreciate the family friendly atmosphere. I started going here when my wife was just my girlfriend but now we go and bring our three children too and it's just as much fun (if not a bit more hectic). 
The staff is helpful and friendly. If you have a question about the food they are more than happy to give you answers.Herd about this place through my girlfriend and recently came here this past week. I wouldn't say my expectations were high although we were looking for a place to eat and she been telling how their food is somewhat decent so I decided why not? As soon as we got there, I saw the menu and was already overwhelmed. Not that big of a problem to me since I like ordering more food than I should and trying a bit of everything. We got the soft bake salt and pepper squid and the spicy Japanese udon soup, both of which were surprisingly good. 
The reason why I'm giving them one star is because of there terrible, terrible, worst that I've ever experienced service. I ordered a Heineken and when I got it, it looked great and it was ice cold, but problem came when  I took a sip and realized how flat it was. No carbonation what so ever. I let my girlfriend have a sip and she agreed as well, it tasted awful and ha no carbonation, so we called over our waitress and told her that the beer was flat, she didn't understand much English so I just asked for a Sapporo instead. To my surprise, when I it the Sapporo, i had the same exact problem once again. This time I told the lady that the beer was flat and my girlfriend asked if we were going to e charged because the beer obviously was not good. So the waitress called the manager over and I explained to him that the beers they were serving were bad. He took the two bottles and walked away so I thought it was over with, but no, I was wrong. He came back with the same two bottles and two glasses and poured the beers into the cups to show me the foam and that it was fine. I looked at him with a crazy look and he kept insisting that the beers weren't old or bad, so I told him to take a sip and tell me if it tastes as it should, but he refused and just grabs the cups and bottles and said hell take it over the bill with a pissed off tone in his voice as if I did something wrong. After that, the manager sat behind the register along with his waiter and waitress and gave us dirty ass looks the entire time. For a while 30 minutes they stared and gave me the stank eye and ultimately made me uncomfortable. Not only that, but I guess the staff told the kitchen staff as well because every time I saw the peephole through the doors, there was an old lady staring back with the same if not, worst stare at us. lthough the food was decent, I will NOT becoming back here again with service like that especially coming from the manager and the peanut gallery he calls his staff. I left them with no tip and they lost two customers, hopefully they'll learn not to stare and that the customers are always right. One star for the decent food other than that, it would've been a 0This is such a great neighborhood hangout. Located in the heart of Philadelphia's Vietnamese quarter in Washington Avenue, this is definitely the go-to place to relax and catch up with friends. I went here for a hotpot dinner and for the price, they gave very generous portion.  The salad bar buffet is also nice.We got the all you can eat korean bbq and hotpot. We left very satisfied and happy. Staff was friendly and food was fresh. Some meats aren't marinated but that's what the condiments bar is for right?LOTS of meat when you order the lunch buffet. These guys give you way more than you can eat, which is a plus. Only reason why it is a 4 star is cause of the service being slow. We didn't have anyone come check up on us for drinks or if we wanted anything else with our food. Other than that, it's cheap and affordable.Always our go to place for BBQ and Hot Pot. The staff are very friendly and attentive.I always make an attempt to swing by every time I'm visiting Philly.  The food, flavors, and service are FABULOUS.  I always get the hot pot with BBQ and am never disappointed. I can't wait to come back during my next trip back :)  Till then...Good food- only a few vegetarian options though.  I always get a fish and tofu hot pot which is very tasty.  Good bubble tea too!I will start by saying I'm a fan of Korean BBQ in general. My favorite place for this treat was SamWon Garden on Castor and Magee, which, unfortunately, is now closed. 
Went to this place last night with GF. I thought everything was very tasty, fresh, and a good value. The spring roll and shrimp on sugar cane appetizers were so so. 
Here's what annoyed me- we had leftovers of the stuff they initially gave us to cook up. When we asked for a doggie bag, the waitress said we couldn't take it. Then she said it would cost $8 to take it home. Then, when we declined, she said OK we can have a doggie bag- like she was doing us a favor. Keep in mind, this was the original box of meats they brought us. It's not like we asked for extra and then just cooked it up to take home. The food would (presumably) have been discarded anyway- unless that's how they feed their staff. Giving us a hard time about taking our leftovers home was an annoyance and unnecessary. 
That being said, the meal was still good and I would come back.After my last review, this place didn't scream for me to come back again after the okay review. But my friend wanted to try, I warned her but she didn't listen. As soon as they sat us down, the server asked if we were ready. We didn't even get the chance to open the menu yet. I knew what I wanted but my friend has not been here before. Just from that, I already knew I wouldn't like the service. We got the lunch special for both the hot pot and kbbq for just $14 a person. Tom yum broth for $2 extra. Everything was bought out and the waiter asked "do you know what you're doing?" in a tone that made us feel stupid. There are other ways to explain how to do hot pot or kbbq. For example, ask if they ever done it before. If not, then kindly explain. Just before this, we had our phones out right when we sat down and were placed on the table. He made a joke and said "Is your phone waterproof? Because I recommend you not using it." Duh, we haven't even ordered or see any food out on the table yet. We also ordered the fresh coconut juice but man, that thing was packed with SUGAR. Don't buy that at all, I took a sip and couldn't drink it anymore. Waste of $3.50. I love sugar, but this was just overload. Ruined my love for coconut drinks. Food was still bland and not fresh, in my opinion. Service was blah, talking to us like we were disabled and slow. Won't be back ever.Awesome food for the bbq. Cheap price $20 all you can eat. Great service. People are really nice for the first 2 hoursI'm a BIG fan of this place. You can't beat the House Special BBQ. For $17.95, you grill your own fresh beef, short ribs, pork, chicken, shrimp, squid, veggies, served on a big tray.   My 2 dining companions and I had trouble finishing it. I am just blown away with how much food you get. And the food quality is not compromised! Everything is fresh, tasty, and awesome. The salad bar wasn't terrible, but could use a larger selection of fresh veggies.
Random side notes:
-Their spring rolls are particularly great! Packed with awesome ingredients (veggies and pork) and PERFECTLY crunchy on the outside.
-Their rice vermicelli bowls are some of the best I've had. They don't skimp on the "salad" portion of the dish, which many places do.
-My friend also tried their Jasmine Green Tea bubble tea...it was so refreshing! It had a pretty strong floral taste, which I thought I would hate, but actually loved.The interior was cleaner than I expected but when they were giving us a new grill at the table, they lifted up the top to briefly expose the horrors of the grease drain-catch which hadn't been thoroughly, if at all, cleaned out from its previous users. 
They serve a small bowl of some fish-based soup as well as a plate of shredded vegetables for a salad. They also dropped off an egg roll and a fish cake wrapped around a bamboo stick  mid-way through the meal. These were all complimentary. 
The BBQ tray for $17.95 is a decent meal for 4 people. You can get refills on specific items or a new tray all together but two trays would be overkill in my opinion.
The short ribs are basically all bone, I liked their thin slices of meat and chicken as well as the squid squares. They'll set the grill up for you and toss a few thing on as an example but then leave you alone for the rest of the dining experience. Don't forget about the sauce bar (tucked away next to the door in a dark corner) for dipping sauces and kimchi.
Nothing is fantastic quality but it was still a solid meal and a fun way of dining with friends.A great find. As great fans of the restaurants on Washington Ave, we know that there are more than you can count. Today, instead of our usual favorite places we thought we would take a chance on something new, a kind of "open the book and poke your finger." We parked, purely by chance, in front of a small place in the Saigon Maxim Plaza, the International Smokeless BBQ. As usual, we put ourselves in the hands of our server. He proposed the lunch BBQ. Within seconds things were moving. The cover came off the grill built into the center of the table and he lit the fire.  Our server, who I would think to be American born, then asked if we had any meats that we wouldn't want. We said, give us what you would have, even the tripe. He nodded with pleasure. Then a wonderful chicken broth soup with fried onion pieces warmed us up for what was to follow. The platter, or rather, the multi-compartment dish, something like a ceramic bento box, soon arrived at the table. Each compartment contained a different item: beef rib, strip steak, pork, tripe, squid, onions and vegetables. At this point, the lady of the house took over. Using butter (oddly enough) she coated the grill then very quickly added the finely cut pieces of meat. At this point she invited us to the condiment bar. We were at a loss. In a most friendly spirit she selected for us a lovely platter of kimchi, seaweed, pickled radish and lettuce leaves. Our server returned and asking if we liked spicy, used ingredients from the bar to whip up a wonderfully spice and sweet flavoring. Then the lady of the house, who, I think, may be his mother, guided us to various preparations. We could make wraps with the lettuce leaves and fill them with any number of combinations. We might simply enjoy the wonderfully grilled pieces with a dip in the special sauce to be eaten with rice. Food prepared this way is certainly not high gourmet, but it is food for its own sake: simple, direct and highly tasteful.  
It is also worth noting that this BBQ was as much as you can eat.  But we did not even finish what we had, The price is about $10 per person for lunch and it's an "All You Can Eat." Figure a few more dollars as a tip. So, for us it came to $15 perperson.
Tables are impeccably clean as is the restaurant as a whole. 
The service was most amiable. The server and his mother (?) invite you like family.
Smokeless BBQ, almost invisible in the strip, is just a perfect and most enjoyable hearty and tasteful lunch.it was not the kind of usual buffet I expected. The meat is great !!! Price is quite reasonable, I was really really full after the meal...Had the BBQ lunch buffet and bubble tea- yum.... And the prices aren't too bad for how much you get! There's a self serve salad bar for sauces, lettuce, some pickled seaweed & kimchee. Then the protein plate is brought in- spare rib, beef, chicken, pork cutlets, squid, tripe, intestines, and fish cakes(cube little things that I thought were tofu). It may take a little time to cook but it sure is worth it... Just don't forget the parking limit! Want more? Feel free to ask them. Don't forget to grill your veggies (onions and yam).The service is very horrible, I feel rushed every time I'm there..it's like the severs want you to chum down your food and not talk..I mean hello I came out here eating to talk to friends and family it's all about the gathering and BQQ. I have to snatch the menu back everyone the older waitress takes it back when I want to hold on to it to order more food. Overall the service is HORRIBLE.The main claim to this place is getting to try an insane amount of food for a very cheap price. It was a fun time cooking the meat yourself on the table grill and they really bring you everything. We got about 10 types of meat and fish, veggies, rice, noodles, shrimp and cucumber salad, soup, egg rolls, other fried apps, salad bar....It was absolutely nuts how much food they brought out. Felt like I was entered into a eating competition and didn't know it...prize: tums
Everything was pretty tasty and of course the meat was good being cooked on the korean style grill and adding your own sauce preferences to it. I was just a little worried I'd get sick from it. I don't think some of these things are the freshest and I was skeptical to have all this food being brought out that may or may not have been sitting there a few days. Nothing looked like it had gone bad, just had that sketchy feel to the place with a disgusting bathroom, awkward servers, and weird dark old feel to the decor. 
It was definitely a fun delicious meal, I just get a little iffy about unclean buffet type places. Really did taste fresh enough and fine though.This place is crazy. All the food we had was fresh and actually really good. They have a great codiment bar with great Kim chi and other assorted sauces and sides. Oh they also have beer and booze, that a huge plus. So why three stars? This place is actually expensive, and I have no clue why. I cooked the food! Maybe this is one concept I do not understand.We were there 02/20/09 for the lunch buffet. The BBQ buffet lunch was $9.50 and the BBQ buffet w/ hot pot was $12.50. The BBQ dinner buffet is $14.50 and $17.50 with hot pot. 
The BBQ buffet include marinated beef, pork, chicken, squid, short ribs, fish tofu, bacon, rice and a small bowl of clear soup. The hot pot comes with seafood. A great choice for additional three dollars. The beef, pork, and chicken are a little bit marinated for their softness not the taste. But you can marinate your own meat with all the sauces provided at the sauce bar. You can ask them to refill your meat; the refills come in small plates.
At the sauce bar, you can find 16 kinds of sauces, eggs, tomatoes, lettuce, lime, chillies. Sugar, Hoisin sauce, fish sauce, soy sauce salt and pepper are on the tables. So you can pretty much mix the sauce to suit your taste bud. 
The BBQ grillers installed in each table are great. They can suck the cooking smoke pretty well. So it is literary 'smokeless' BBQ place. 
Oh.. the parking lot of the shopping mall is packed on weekend and evening. 
Sorry, we were too hungry so we didn't take any picture from the restaurant.Awesome spot... Enjoyed immensely!!! Must have for Korean BBQ!!!I just want one of those convenient cooking tables!! Where do I get one? Have tried their self cooking buffets etc. It was okay. I come here mostly for the strawberry shakes.Not a place for yuppies looking to be presented food on a silver platter. It is MEAT, and lots of it, and for meat eaters. If you like meat, this is your place. Also, they have a killer salad bar....not really a salad bar, but a condiments bar, that has tons of interesting sauces and veggies....amazing gingered carrots, seaweed salad, and all you can eat. They come out with a massive plate of marinated meats....chicken, beef, pork, squid, etc. It is a very fun place to eat and authentic. MEAT!!We go for the bbq buffet. It comes
Out in trays of different meat variety. Beef, pork, bacon, shrimp, calamari, kalbi,veggies.it is unlimited! You can ask for more. The buffet comes with salad, soup and appetizer. To make it better tasting and sumptuous in every bite, I make my own sauce. I request sesame oil from the our hospitable funny super excellent waiter and put sesame dressing from the salad bar,  salt, pepper and chili oil.The food is delicious - fish maw soup with tofu, salt and pepper squid, salt and pepper soft shell crab, clay pot fish, snow pea leaves, and ground shrimp on sugar cane! Seasoning was perfect and lightly fried. Will def be back. FYI we use to do the BBQ but wasn't very impressed...I gave this five stars because it is as good as Korean BBQ can get at these prices. $9.5 for all you can eat BBQ lunch and only $12.5 with a hot pot. I never get the hot pot because it is overkill (literally) for me and I can eat most people under the table. 
The meal starts with you letting them know that you want the BBQ buffet and for me that I don't need the chicken, shrimp, pork, bacon, squid, or fish cake. I mostly go for the short ribs and beef but you should get what ever your heart desires they will bring you more of your favorites. Then you go to the condiment buffet and get the lettuce and sauces that are going to make this one of the best meals for the price that you can get in Philly. I get the lettuce leaves that will act as wrap for all you deliciousness. I also get Kim Chee, Pickled radish and carrot, hot chili oil and Thai basil. These will make your lettuce wraps have incredible flavor and texture.
They bring you a tray of the meat which you will BBQ right in the middle of the table. I use the sauces on the table and the sauces I got from the condiment bar to dab the meat as I char it on the grill. A little hoisin makes the char sweet and quick. add the charred meat on top of a little rice in a lettuce leaf add kim chee, pickled radish, hot chili oil and basil wrap and eat.
You will not be disappointed. I recommend taking your time this is not a fast or rushed meal.it's a great place if you have a huge group and want to go somewhere to eat till you drop. good thing with this place is you'll get endless amount of foood... bbq, and hot pot etc... the only caveat is that the meat and fish aren't that fresh... otherwise, a fun place to go with friends to hang out (esp large groups), and for the experience (not really for the food).This place used to be better, but service and food have definately gone down the drain. I honestly don't think I will be back anymore. The reason for 2 stars instead of one is because it's a big meal for cheap. You get free appetizers and all you can eat meat.
Onto the food....The papaya salad that is served with the bbq as an appetizer was plain bitter! I dunno if they didn't pick the right veggie with it or if it just went bad, but it was not that good. Before the meats came out, my group went up to the salad bar to grab some stuff to eat with our meats (sauces, lettuce, kimchee, eggs, etc) Salad bar looked fresh to me, but maybe bc it was still early in the day and haven't hit dinner time yet. Upon sitting down from the salad bar, the server approaches me and says "no cook egg" and pointed to the bbq grill on our table. She didn't really go into much explanation. She just kept saying "no cook egg." I said why and she said "hot pot only." The grill had plenty of space in the middle where the egg would not have dripped down, but she was so rude! If it's for the hot pot only, don't keep it out in the salad bar area. So I asked them to cook my eggs in the back for me. The lady ended up charging me a dollar per egg. Why charge me? I have no idea!!! We received our meats, and it did not look very sanitary. It looked like the meats have been soaking in it's own blood or juices. I'm pretty sure it wasn't the seasoning for the meat bc the meat was just plain bland! Oh, and very very chewy and fatty. Yuck!!! Then came out our second appetizers...ground shrimp on sugar cane and egg rolls. The ground shrimp was a bit on the soaggy side, but the egg rolls were decent.
Overall, I think the only thing that was good was the egg rolls, the egg, some beef, and the white rice. If you want a lot of food that is bland and cheap, come here, but if you want some good asian food, please go elsewhere.One of my favorite spots in the city. For about $20 a person, you can eat all the meat and fish you want. Service is excellent, and food is incredibly tasty. It's great for a second date, because cooking the meal gives you some time to talk.
I've never left here and said "We should have gone somewhere else."I have been here a few times, but tonight will be the last time. The waiter made an incredibly inappropriate sexual comment to my fiance and it made the entire meal extremely awkward. This same waiter has said disturbing and inappropriate things to us before, but tonight was another level. If you are a woman, or are dining with a woman, please stay away from this restaurant.Apparently...
1) It's okay to be served room temperature beer that came straight from the fridge. 
2) It's okay to work here and not know the menu. 
3) There is no difference between the house special and seafood hotpot - they are "exactly the same thing." Its sole purpose of being printed on the menu is to confuse customers.
4) It's okay to talk about patrons in another language while they are dining (I do understand you, you know that right?).
My only enjoyment from this restaurant were the four complimentary orange slices at the end. They were very sweet, all thanks to nature.. and whatever pesticides and chemicals that were injected into them.i can't believe more people don't know about this place.  they have a childhood favorite of mine that's hard to come by--the 7 course Vietnamese beef bbq.  that's right--7 courses of beef grilled or boiled in broth each in a different way right on your table!  the best part is it's only $13-$14 and you come away FULL.  they also have an all you can eat bbq variety that's still only about $13.  i introduced this place to some of my buddies after hitting the gym, and they're hooked.  your kidney's might explode from the protein.