Great spot for pho! Broth is very good. I ordered No. 51 (small) and it was filling. Would definitely come back again when I'm in Philly.Went here for dinner on opening day and was SO HAPPY I DID!! Great atmosphere, lovely staff, and food on fleek!! Green tea (PHO PHREE) was so satisfying, summer rolls and spicy peanut sauce were DELISH, and pho was PHONOMENAL! Definitely making this one of my regular hot spotz as I eat my way through Fairmount!We ordered the pork roll spring rolls and were extremely disappointed with their dry consistency and suspicious contents (primarily tendon?). Overall, the pho was mediocre, but does not compare to Vietnam palace. 
We may continue to go for the convenience.I was so looking forward to a Pho joint in the neighborhood.
no anymore !   
Four neighbors went at different times and all had the same opinion as we did.
I know that they are new , but at this rate, they won't be around much longer.Good food, great service. I had the vermicelli bowl the last two times I ate here and pho the first time. Delish all around.I love pho and this place did not let me down.  I had the pho with rare flank and brisket.  The broth was heavenly, the meat plentiful, the noodles cooked to perfection.  I will definitely go back for more.  The price point is more than fair.  I had the medium bowl and it was more than enough for one person.  Highly recommend!Okay Vietnamese restaurant if you want Vietnamese and this is only one in the neighborhood. They are doing a good job catering to the crowd here. But for me I have to  travel to other neighborhoods for a more authentic and good tasting Vietnamese food.
Their portions are smaller. Pho isn't great. Pho is always about the broth. So when you don't have that foundation everything else falls apart.This restaurant is in a great location near my apartment and I have ordered from them multiple times.  The fried egg rolls are delicious by my favorite dish is the shrimp pho.  The staff are friendly, the food is delicious and the atmosphere is nice.  My only suggestion is to work on a website because the website on the front of the door is no longer in use. Otherwise, this will remain one of my restaurants in rotation.I dont leave reviews but had to as my experience tonight left a really sour taste in my mouth.
Walked in the restaurant to place a take out order for two pho dishes. Paid by card & left a 4$ tip on a 22$ takeout order. 
As they gave me the food i asked if i could have hot sauce as well and was told by the young man that thats 1$ extra... i had no cash only card but i was surprised because i was just there yesterday cus my bf is sick and picked up an order with the hot sauce without having to pay anything for it. The older man yesterday was super friendly to me and said if i ever need sauce to just ask so i was baffled that now i had to pay for it. Additionally this is the same sauce that is sitting on the table. I didn't ask for extra sauce! I let the young man know that if he wanted to charge me a $1 to go ahead but i had gotten it for free before to which he replied the rules have changed. And when i said that was yesterday he mumbled and walked away and begrudgingly filled a container for me and as he handed it said next time its a 1$... 
Why do i have to pay extra to get the same sauce sitting on the table which i got for free the other day. Secondly i tipped u $4 on takeout. Ive worked in the business. People rarely tip for pickup so you still have the nerve to be a dick... I walked away with the food pissed off that this really just happened. and he had the nerve to yell nothing is free as i was walking away. All this commotion occurred with customers in the store.  Great customer service! 
Oh and when i get home only one bag of toppings was provided for two orders, with only 1 lime wedge to be shared by two people... 
Sucks as this is the only pho place around and i finally grew to like their pho. Refuse to go back and give my money to that little twerp.Wow!! Great addition to the hood!
My girlfriend and I had our first meal there at 5 pm yesterday, and loved it. We ordered 4 dishes, a total of about $33($40 with a tip), and had a little trouble finishing everything and licking the plates. "I could eat 2 green papaya salads myself" was my thought.
The large chicken pho came piping hot with a bunch of mung bean sprouts, a bouquet of basil and 1/2 a lime on the side. Next time, I'd get even more sprouts. So good. 
The Shrimp Summer Rolls and sweet peanut dressing were delicious.  The Broken Rice/Chargrilled Pork looked like it would be our least favorite but was incredibly tasty. My friend who'd live in Thailand near the Vietnam border thought the rice was cooked perfectly. 
Service -now this was late afternoon- was congenial, quick and sensitive, with 3 different waitstaff tending to us-without hovering. Since the food is so tasty, the price is right, and it's a new business, it's understandable that at rush hour, things could get hectic. Our solution, until the minor popularity kinks get ironed out, is to just eat early or not during peak hours. Hey, popularity has a price!So stoked to have a pho place in the neighborhood! We went for breakfast this morning and left feeling like this is a great addition to the neighborhood!
I had the #46 steak and flank pho, we shared spring rolls, he had some kind of spicy Thai influenced soup with a variety of meats and hollow noodles. 
Glows:
Clear, fairly flavorful broth.
Good texture noodles.
Tender meat.
Fresh sprouts, jalapeños, Thai basil.
Clean space and appealing decor.
Friendly service.
Reasonably priced.
Grows:
Spring rolls were just okay, and had an odd meat flavor. (Fake crab meat?) 
Pho Broth could have been more complex and flavorful.
His soup was lukewarm, not supposed to be. 
The awkward string curtain by the ladies bathroom clings to everyone and gets stuck in the doorway.
Overall, I am so happy to have a decent enough pho place closer than Washington Ave. Doesn't hold a candle to pho 75, but more authentic than trendy Stock, and better than any pho in Chinatown.I love pho, and this place gets it right.  The broth is perfect, which seals the deal for me.  Nice place.  I'll be back for sure.We wanted to love it here. Waited 50 minutes and didn't get any food. All of the tables around me were without food as well. The menu looked amazing but I can't speak to the food at all. We left after hunting down a waitress to tell her. We will give it another try, because I want the restaurant to work. They just really aren't ready to be open yet.The food--chicken pho, beef/brisket pho, and some summer rolls--was solid, what might be expected from a four-star reviewed restaurant. The service was some of the worst I've ever experienced: we were seated after another couple walked in behind us, given dirty water glasses, and left unattended for the majority of our stay. We saw several tables around us stuck without food and/or receiving the wrong order multiple times. 
The waitstaff was more than incompetent they were rude at different points of service. (The hostess turned several groups of people away for both eat-in and takeout orders, one waiter told a friend not to eat there right in front of us, another couple of waiters discussed a table's food right in front of them as if they were not there). I've never felt so uncomfortable at a restaurant.We want to love this place since it is right around the corner and Vietnamese is our favorite cuisine. This neighborhood needs some variety! I'm really hoping they can pull together the service and the food in the next few months. 
I'll second a lot of the reviews already posted but seems our experience was not quite as bad as some. We went on a Saturday afternoon right about lunch time with a friend so it was busy but there was a table for three and we were seated promptly.  The hostess seemed quite unfriendly but our server was all smiles but she would disappear for long periods. We did receive water and menus right away.  Most other pho places the food comes out in 10 minutes, we waited about 20 minutes so not as long as others have commented on. Two of us ordered bun with spring roll and neither got the spring roll.  We managed to finally get the hostess' attention (no idea where our server went) and she did bring out spring rolls for us, seemed she started pitching in when things got really busy.  No one came around to ask how things were after the spring roll correction.  It's not that big of a place compared to most Vietnamese spots around town so I would expect better service. They clearly need more help and more seasoned wait staff.  
We did see a few people walk out when no one came to greet them after a while.  That's just not good business. We never got our check, couldn't find our server, or manage to flag anyone down. We had to go up to the register to pay after waiting about 20 minutes (which incidentally is how most pho restaurants operate).
To the owners of iPho, if you are reading this, the neighborhood would very much like you to succeed.  Here's a few suggestions that might help:  
1) move the register to the front so that a staff person (or two) is always there to greet customers and make more space in the front for waiting customers and takeout orders.  You can move some tables closer to the kitchen once you move the register from the back. 
2) have customers pay at register when leaving like other pho restaurants
3) bring take out orders to the front at the relocated register so people can get in and out fast. 
4) hire a few more seasoned servers and work with the kitchen to get the timing down. People expect pho to be a meal served quickly! 
Overall the food was decent and if they can pull it together I'll definitely be a weekly regular!Never answer the phone, the website is impossible, the food is decent but you can't order it so that's irrelevant!!!! So annoyed.Very good , very limited vegetarian options , authentic and well done.        I visiting twice and was happy ..... and the prices are great ... you can have a great dinner below 20 bucks ...Love this BYO Pho place. So glad it's getting cold again, just to have an excuse to go out for Pho here. Prices are very reasonable and the food is delicious.I ordered takeout despite knowing from reviews it would take a while.
I had to call three times for someone to pick up the phone. Once they did, they were nice, took my order, and told me my food would be ready in 20 minutes.
45 minutes later, my husband came home with what he was told was our order- my husband confirmed what we had ordered too! We ordered two soups and ended up with one completely different one and a shrimp rice platter. We still don't understand how.
Despite the food roulette that we played, we ate what we were given bc I'm pregnant and we have a toddler to also feed. The food we received was tasty- no complaints despite the wait and mixup- so we are hopeful that once this place figures out a system, it will be a staple in our foodventures in Fairmount.
For now we have learned our lesson and will try again perhaps in two months. We can drive to south philly, eat, and come back in the time that we waited for our wrong order today.Well for starters the service was non existent no one came to even refill waters after being there for 30+ mins and not even the egg rolls had come out yet. I watched three tables get up and leave due to no food and messed up orders. Maybe I'll try again in a month when they figure out how service works.We went last night (second night of the place being open). Food was fantastic. Ignore the negative posters on here who have nothing better to do than denigrate a restaurant because they don't understand the concept of brand new restaurants figuring out the kinks. I'm a big pho fan and wasn't expecting too much because it's a brand new place but man, it was worth the wait. It's also byo. Hope this place stays for years and years bc pho and byo, what more do you need? Will probably go back weeklySuper thrilled with pho coming to Fairmount! Not only is it awesome to have it here the pho is excellent. Quick service, nicely packaged for take out options- loved it! Will be frequenting here :) way to go!I came here after going to see the eastern state penitentiary for a quick lunch and it was pretty good. Everything waz really clean, the ataff were pleasant and the prices weren't too bad. I was dissapointed when the server told me they ran out of milk for the iced soy milk, but otherwise it was really good. The pho was pipping hot and the soup had a really clean flavor to it. It wasn't oily like a lot of places I've seen, and the noodles were thicker than other places. I got the small bowl and it was able to keep me satisfied until dinner. Great pho place!It's good and consistent but not the best pho I have had . Make sure to ask a lot of questions .I absolutely love iPho. I've been coming here quite a lot for their vegetarian pho, summer rolls and banh mi's. Every time I go the food is incredible. The tofu is crispy perfection and the banh mi's taste sooo, so good. Their vegetable broth is also amazing and I prefer their pho over anyone else's overall. On top of that, our servers are always very polite and accommodating!I really wanted this place to be awesome. I eat pho very often. I arrived at 11:30 and they told me that the kitchen wouldn't be ready for another 20 minutes. Okay, I had some coffee at mugshots and went back. I ordered the steak and tendon pho. It took 20 minutes to come out, and it didn't have tendon. I brought it up and they brought me out a plate of tendon. The large is very large, so I asked for a container. They had me wrap it up. The check came and it was for 2 entrees I didn't order. I brought it up and they refunded my card and charged the correct amount. All in all, it took about 1.5 hours to eat a bowl of pho. It should take 30 minutes, tops.I have never tried Vietnamese food before and I must say my first try was pretty tasty. We ordered a take out, I got rice noodle salad with fried pork egg rolls and chargrilled beef and a bunch of other stuff in it. It was very good, I absolutely loved the egg rolls. Next time I order I'll probably ask for more fried egg rolls. The prices are also relatively cheap for fairmount area. I will definitely come backChicken noodle soup I am feeling like just drop bottle water nothing test like on Delaware ave !!!!!! Chicken very dry !!!Good pho at good price and service. Been here alot and never had a bad experience. Not the best I've had but consistent and above average.I dont wanna be mean but theres a lot of hipsters if you know what I mean by that..... doctorate degree in arts those types of people.... and that's a fact! Always If you go to south philly around Washington square, you'll find alot kite asians with way more better pho at a good price. When you first walk in you are greeted by a waiter and you are given water and menu. I ordered the goi cuon as my app. It was like your normal tasting goi cuon. For my pho, I ordered pho dac biet. The wait time was about 20 minutes because there was only one guy working in the back so I felt empathy for the guy and I didn't want to bother the waiter. When the pho came out, it looked good. The key thing for a pho is the broth. You can have waygu beef but if the broth is not good then be ready to file for bankruptcy lol. This place broth didn't have that sweet broth to it. Kinda tasted watery. The meat was actually very good but again, the broth has to be good. The prices for these bowls is not what you'll find at a normal pho place. Price for large is $11 and the bowl is not big. With more hipsters moving into fairmount ruining pho, expect overpriced, tasteless broth, good meat, and tiny bowls. Service here is actually better than other pho restaurants which is pretty rare in philly for pho. Overall rating: 3/5. Could've went to 2 but service and the meat saved it.The kitchen is very overwhelmed in their first couple weeks open.  The restaurant was very busy and everyone was waiting 45 minutes to an hour for food and overheard customers considering leaving.    Unfortunately, when it finally came the food was very average - nothing close to what you would get in Chinatown or Italian Market, for example.    Meat in the pho had fat that should have been trimmed off.   It might be a good idea to hold off on offering delivery and take-out until they can get the sit down restaurant part figured out.   Sad to see the big Blue Cat mural painted over with bamboo mural.  Hoping with time IPho might improve?    What a great idea for Fairmount but just not executed well yet.We were meant to be friends. We were actually meant to be best friends 
I ordered (by phone) last night a beef pho with flank, meatballs, tripe, etc and it was SO great! 
I ordered tonight (yes, I have an addiction) and this time, it only came with flank and the wrong order of spring rolls (I ordered summer rolls). I'm just so confused as to how I could have said the same thing on two different nights and this is how different the orders were. 
I think this place needs to get sorted out (according to other reviews as well) but if it is a paying service, they would have figured this out sooner. 
I'm just disappointed but oh well. Maybe its different dining in?NEEDED TO IMPROVE!! as an international foodie. These are my honest opinions: 
1. Menu items don't match! For example, #32 and 33. If 32 comes with a small size. Then why 33 even exist says: all above the same expect for a smaller size pho. Then small 32= 33 right??? Also the 81 pic doesn't match! The pic says its avocado smoothie and in the menu it's another thing:((( 
2. Environment. Please seriously Decorate the place. Not just replacing with cheap decos. Use your heart to make this place nice. Put more cultural decos! Think more before you open. 
3. Service. The waiter doesn't even know which item is which he has to use numbers to replace. SAD... I'm sorry I don't want to be rude but he need to ask us which one we ordered... And he doesn't even know which pho is which... Please be more motivated and familiar with the menu.
4.FOOD. The most important thing. First, in a good papaya salad, the papaya should NEVER be shredded should be chopped. And shouldn't have so much watery underneath!! It's a salad not soup. The salad is badly chopped ;( don't mean to be rude here. And the color doesn't feel like exciting. I ate great papaya salad before and it has mango, red radish and shrimp and spice. It should be a colorful appetizer not watery something. 
I ordered a small delux pho and it doesn't even come with everything says in the menu:(( SAD...it's doesn't have beef meat balls which says on the menu. Also the taste. It's not bad but NOT GOOD either. It doesn't trigger appetite. I mean it's not a bad cooking pho but also not a good cooking pho. 
Please have glasses instead of plastic cups to serve. 
I may says too much negative things but I really want you guys improve. Thanks! Not mean to be mean.Great food, huge portions, and friendly attentive service!  The pho is very flavorful.First week open and super busy.  The Pho is the best I've ever had.  So clean and healthy.  Try the grape leaf rolls.Have great selection of pho and taste great. The broth is tasty. Downside is the service. They don't stick to hours posted and they try to rush people out. Pho takes time to enjoy and I do not like burning my mouth. Please stick to the hours posted or change them.My fiancé and I really like this place. The pho is really good, and the menu is quite large. The only reason for not giving this place more stars is the lengthy wait one must go through till the food arrives at one's table. But once the food is there it really is good. Probably going to use this as a take out location rather than sit in the restaurant waiting.I was really excited about visiting this restaurant. As others have said, the service was very slow. I ordered the beef cubes, only to be told five minutes later they don't have any. Not the end of the world. I ordered the Pho. The sideplate came out with only one stallk of basil leaves. Again, not the end of the world and I'm sure if I had asked for more it would have been provided. The broth itself was exquisite. However,it was a little light on the meat. That is unacceptable! It was almost impossible to get my waitresses attention. There's also a serious language issue. And as others have mentioned, my water glass remained unfilled throughout the course of my visit. I'll wait a month and give it another try.Like most people who live in Fairmout, I've been waiting for a Pho restaurant to open up. Sometimes traveling to China town or to Washington Ave to hit up the usual suspects is a little too far and a hassle on its own. But thank god, we finally have a spot in our little town that's walkable and delicious. 
With that being said, I've read some of the reviews and I'm confused with all the bad ratings. Not to insult you, but if you gave this place a bad review, you are an idiot. I'm putting this place up there with some of the greats.  The quality of ingredients and the authenticity of the taste is way above your average pho, and better than your moms kitchen. 
If you get a chance stop in and see what I'm talking about!
Ps: Have fun in Niagara!Had the pho and spring roll for lunch. Broth was creamy and rich in a good way. What more can you ask.I'd been wanting to go here for some time since they'd opened and finally got the chance. While this is a cute little quaint spot, I didn't have the best food experience. The first issue for me was My appetizer. I had ordered a spring roll with shrimp, however the shrimp did not look nor taste like shrimp at all. It actually looked like tofu. When I'd asked about it, the waiter couldn't tell me why it had that consistency. My entire was noodles with shrimp, it had no flavor whatsoever. Now the shrimp in my noodles looked and tasted like shrimp, so idk why the ones in my spring roll were different. My friend had some dish with beef in it but there seemed to be some unfamiliar looking piece of meat. He didn't eat it and again the water couldn't describe what it actually was. The fact that our waiter couldn't answer any questions left a really negative taste (pun def intended) in my mouth. Idk if this is normal Pho cuisine and I am just not familiar with it, but I'm certain I won't be returning here.I am a huge fan of pho and, coming from the west coast, have had my fair share. In my opinion, the pho here is authentic, except it is a hit or miss. I ordered the same thing on two different days and the first time the soup was very diluted, but the second time was perfect. I would not recommended getting grilled meat with pho and do NOT get chicken, as in both cases the meat is dry and overcooked. If a first timer, go for the deluxe..dont let the tripe scare you! It takes on the flavor of the delicious broth.
Also, portion sizes are impressive and prices are reasonable for the area. I'm glad to see this in the area and hope they work on their consistency.I understand that they just opened and there can be kinks to be worked out but I still found the service to be completely unacceptable. In no way should it be ok for it to take over 45 minutes for an appetizer of spring rolls to come out and then another 20 minutes for the main dish of pho to come. It also took an additional 15 minutes just for a server to take our order to begin with, and even longer to get the check. The food itself was alright if you like poor quality fatty meat and mediocre broth. Given the circumstances I'd much rather head to Washington ave or Chinatown for far better pho and service.Definitely one of the best and most reasonably priced restaurants in the area. The waitstaff was incredibly friendly and really gave the restaurant an enjoyable ambiance. The menu had most of your basics on it--I like the vegetarian bun the most. My only issue would be that whenever I ordered a meal with chicken in it, the chicken was dry. I would try a different protein if I were you. Overall, I would highly recommend!I eat here probably about once a week (I live on the same block) and never get tired of it. I eat Vietnamese all over the city and this isn't far in terms of quality from what you can get at Pho Ha  or Nam Phuong. They had a couple kinks in first couple months open but that should be expected for any new business and now I find them really consistent. I always order extra broth for takeout and am a big fan of the papaya salad with shrimp and pork. Great addition to the neighborhood!It's a total shame !!!!!
I wanted to absolutely love this place since I'm a TOTAL pho addict!!!!
I go to the wonderful Vietnam Palace in China Town a few times a week,  so much so that they don't even give us a menu anymore. They just say hi & bring us our regular order.
Regrettably iPho Fairmount couldn't hold a candle to Vietnam Palace...
If it were as good I'd probably eat there daily since its around the corner & wouldn't have to deal with the nightmare of China Town parking.
Despite the fact that our server was amazingly good looking the eye candy couldn't make up for the flavorless, bland food...
If I had a dollar for the amount of times I've said "Fairmount needs a Pho place" I'd be retired, unfortunately this place was not what any of us have been hoping for in our neighborhood...
The Pho broth tasted oily & the noodles mushy & had the consistency of a glue stick - just blaaaaaah!!!!
They "forgot" to bring us bean sprouts, jalapeño, mint leaves, lime etc for our pho... Aaaaaawwww!
I think the team from iPho needs to go eat at Vietnam Palace & take a "mint leave" outta their book!!!!
I genuinely hope iPho gets it together it would be fantastic for Fairmount!!!
I would have given my first visit one star but giving an extra star for our good looking waiter!We stopped by on Sunday night around 7 and were told that the kitchen was slammed so we'd have to wait 45 min for food. I had a major pho craving and was fine with hanging out. 
We ordered the summer rolls and two large chicken Phos. 
The summer rolls were great and tasted just like ones we had at Mekong River in South Philly. 
The server brought out two small chicken Phos because the kitchen didn't have enough chicken left for large bowls. The server was extremely nice about the issue and offered us a bubble tea and pork chops. 
The chicken pho was GREAT. I'd say it tastes better than a lot of the places we've tried on Washington. Very fresh and the broth had a lot of flavor. 
Don't leave without having the honeydew bubble tea. It. Was. Seriously. Amazing. So good. 
And finally, the porkchops. Very tasty!
All in all, ipho was great and I'd definitely come back. I think they need a few weeks to get off their feet. They just opened on Tuesday. 
Great addition to the neighborhood.Terrible, completely terrible quality. They are ripping off people with their takeout!!! My boyfriend came home with a mango bubble tea that tastes like chemicals and has excruciatingly hard boba. All for $4.50. Not the first time it happens! How on earth are these people still in business?Decent for Fairmount, but not as good as the places in China Town or on Washington Ave.  Also - don't get take out.... I got raw steak in a plastic bag and had to re-heat the broth until it boiled and add the steak in.  Sort of disgusting and not what I wanted to do before eating.This is our neighborhood spot! The food is consistently great. The pho and banh mi are delish.  We strongly recommend this place for a casual meal.This place may not have the best pho, but you can't beat the price, especially in Philly, plus the restaurant environment is good. They also have bubble tea and smoothie with interesting flavor, e.g. durianEchoing the sentiments of poor, slow service.  Really want this place to succeed as it's in my neighborhood but they seem like they have a long way to go.  Also where are the vegetarian friendly items?  Would be it be too much to ask adding on a tofu bahn mi or bun bowl?My husband and I decided to give iPho another go because we had a less-than-stellar experience during their grand opening time. Definitely has made a 180 change from before. Normal to no-wait times, courteous staff. The food is as good as it always was :) We are very happy we tried it again. Looking forward to going back!I always like to be fair. I had visited this restaurant the second day it was open, and I did not have the greatest experience. Well, I went back last night. The stuffed grape leaves were fantastic. Probably some of the best I've ever had. I also had the Pho, medium size.  It was delicious. Although, I thought it was still a little "light" on the meat. I ordered mine with  tendons and tripe.  I was a little hard-pressed to find the tendons and the tripe.  But overall, it was a great experience and yes, I will become a regular.IPho has decent pho, but we haven't enjoyed the other dishes like the spicy beef noodle soup we've gotten there; it contained ingredients not listed in the menu description, a huge amount of oil, and it looked nothing like the image on the menu. The duck on their duck and cabbage salad is more bone and gristle than meat. While we'd likely return when we're not in the mood to cook, we wouldn't stray too far from the pho menu.The food here is absolutely amazing. I have yet to find something on the menu I didn't love. Will continue to go back for the food and the great people.Yummy pho tai and iced coffee. Quick and friendly service. Spotless interior. Just a couple blocks from Bookhaven :)I really enjoyed this new pho spot on Fairmount. It's walking distance to bars, ice cream parlors and the Eastern State Penitentiary. It is a friendly and quaint neighborhood spot to meet friends or family for a filling lunch or dinner. I loved the 2 walls that had Vietnamese hats and the other wall had a painting mural of a bamboo forest. 
The prices are so reasonable and the pho bowls range from Small-Large ($7-10).  I got the large but should have gotten a small or medium because it's SO MUCH food! ONE Large bowl is good enough for 2 people to share. This pho is way better than spots in DC because it flavorful and not just a bland chicken or beef broth that was poured into a bowl with noodles and meats. I ordered the #32. I will definitely try it again on my next visit to Philly.Pho is pho. There was nothing different. But the staff were very friendly. The atmosphere is great and the neighborhood is nice too.Oh dear. Was so looking forward to my Friday night Bun. Sadly, it was not to be.
iPho, we were so pleased to see you land in our neighborhood. Vietnamese food! In Fairmount!  We wanted to support your arrival in Fairmount.  But we were so disappointed by the reception on our first visit, we decided to leave before ordering.
Basic customer service was seriously lacking. 101 for a restaurant host is to smile, greet the customer warmly and provide them with some helpful info (or better yet, a table!). Do not leave them flailing by the door, and then shove them on the window counter, when there is space for at least another 8 people at tables (because you haven't figured out how to separate two tables for 2).  The hostess was neither friendly, nor did she seem to have a clue.
Once seated at the window, we were told that it would be a 30 min wait to throw together a bun.  It was 9pm, so hardly dining rush hour.  And it's bun, so most of the ingredients are cold!  We cut our losses and went to the fun Japanese BBQ place on Callowhill instead.  
Ok, we get that it was opening week. Mistakes get made. It's busy.  But employ staff who have basic customer service skills and treat local customers with some courtesy, otherwise they won't come back. 
We're going to give the delivery / takeout service a go this evening.  But if that fails, we won't be returning.  Customer service really matters in a big city like Philly. There are heaps of other great places to eat that have customer service down, so if you want to compete, let alone be a loved neighborhood eatery, fix this, and quick!
UPDATE on takeout - Zero customer service on the phone either. We're going to Pho Cali in Chinatown instead - ten mins wait for takeout bun and noodle soup (they know how to run a takeout business).  We might try iPho again in a few weeks, if reviews suggest they've got their act together.Food was very good, place is neat and clean but not the friendliest or  most knowledgeable staff. The young waiter was very friendly but clueless about the menu.  I asked a few questions about the food and he didn't know nor seeked the answer elsewhere. The lady in the front didn't say hello when I entered or thanks for coming as I exited. But the food was very good so I'd give them another try.I ordered takeout from here tonight (Sunday) and thought it was only okay. I opted for the pho ga (chicken) in the small size since I was not super hungry. It turned out to be the right amount of food, but had I been hungrier, I certainly would have wanted to size up or add on an appetizer. 
The pho was a 6/10. I've never before thought that any Asian soup needed more noodles, but I did find myself thinking that when I somehow had at least a third of the broth remaining but no more noodles or chicken. Although I found the chicken portion generous, it was very dry and I therefore wasn't crazy about it. The broth was fine but nothing special. The toppings, which were fresh and flavorful, were probably my favorite part of the dish.
Regarding mechanics, I found online ordering easy and convenient. I was given a pickup time estimate that was about 20-30 mins after I placed the order, and then I received notice via the order tracker that it became ready for pickup about 5 mins earlier than the 20 min estimate (i.e., approximately 15 mins after I placed the order). The food was packaged up tightly, so it would've been hard to make a mess out of it, even with a bit of a distance to travel. This packaging also helped keep the broth warm, though I imagine it would've needed a tiny reheat had it been a cooler evening.
Given this neighborhood's relative proximity to a couple excellent Vietnamese places in Chinatown, I probably wouldn't choose iPho as a destination. That notwithstanding, it's nice to have an easy takeout option right down the street that's a step up from greasy Chinese or pizza.Grabbed dinner here recently with my sister. Pretty decent pho place in the Fairmount area. We ordered the fresh vegetarian spring rolls for appetizer. For the pho we both got medium sizes and it was just the right amount and left us full! It had plenty of noodles and tasty broth. I got the vegetarian pho and it had a generous amount of veggies and tofu. Great bang for your buck here. Definitely worth a stop here for some pho on a cold night.iPho has become my favorite lunch spot. Their food is delicious, fresh, and always great! There is nothing as comforting as Pho on a cold day, it's like a warm hug, that leaves you feeling full, but not miserable like you just ate too many french fries. Their portions are generous and very fairly priced. The staff is polite and attentive, delivering just the right amount of service! This is a huge compliment from me, as I'm usually annoyed by servers that feel the need to articulate every thought and upcoming action out loud, which of course, is not necessary. Clean and consistent, I LOVE this restaurant... and if that's not enough, they even have bubble tea, yay!So good! Always get my brisket and raw steak pho and it never disappoints :) the bowl sizes are huge! I recommend the small if you don't want to drown hahaha! Love the extra sprouts, lime, Vietnamese leaves they give! I always add them to my soup. all the apps are so good. Great service! I always come here for biteI was so glad to have a pho place in the neighborhood, so I'm rooting for these guys!  They just need to work out some of the details.  Decor - clean, tasteful, Asian-inspired but contemporary. Food - I ordered the pork spring rolls and a bowl of pho with rare flank steak and brisket.  Spring rolls were crispy, not oily, and tasty. The pho had fresh ingredients (Thai basil, sprouts, lime, good quality, tender meat).  Alas, the broth was not very flavorful compared with some of the places down on Wash. Ave.  It's lacking that "stewed for hours", hearty beef flavor I've come to love at places like Pho Ha or Pho 75. That's a big one they'll need to work on.  Service - started out strong, then fell off a cliff.  I was seated quickly, ordered quickly, food arrived quickly, then....hey, where'd everybody go?  No one checked in to see how everything was, my water glass was empty, I had to wait for my check (after I waved down the hostess, who was very friendly), then I had to wait for them to pick up the check when I was ready to pay.  Someone who appeared to be a manager was futzing with the lighting and the thermostat (we'll get back to the temperature in a second), but no one seemed to be paying much attention to the dining room, and not for lack of staffing.  One more thing - there's a blast of cold air every time the door opens, and the dining room was freezing.  They need to put a heavy drape or something between the door and the dining room in the winter.  I'll be back to iPho to give them another try because I love a good, hot bowl of pho.  I'm hoping the next time will be a little bit better.First time here - really great food and experience! We got some appetizers and two small bowls of noodle soup. The small bowls are plenty of food for one person. After a summer roll appetizer, I couldn't even finish the small bowl. The serving sizes are really great for the prices. I'll definitely be coming here again with friends and family.Too American style and soup is just chicken base and little missing Vietnam species. It was just ok but little pricey.After visiting the Eastern State Penitentiary, my boyfriend and I were a little hungry so we decided to stop by here for lunch. We each got a small pho and it filled us up just enough until dinner time!
I got rare steak with tripe and he got rare steak with meatballs. Overall we paid $18 pre-tip, not too bad for pho! However, if we weren't planning on eating dinner 4 hours later, it would not have been a big enough portion at all.
The restaurant itself is very clean and the staff are friendly and attentive. I only took one star off because I found the broth to be on the salty side.They have vegan pho!  Satisfies your 'fix', but tastes okay.  I've had much better. Broth is too sweet.  The veggies include fried tofu & shitake shrooms (both yummy), as well as radish & carrots (both soggy, so not good).  I included a pic.
Other good things tho - they have 3 sizes for pho, small medium and large.  And overall the food is typical vietnamese.  Great go-to place in Fairmount if you need your pho fix.Aw man, I really wanted to like this place. I love Vietnamese food and felt stoked about the possibility of being able to get my fix within walking distance of my apartment. Unfortunately, the food is god awful. For reference, my dining partner and I tried the pork summer roll, bun bo hue, and bun cha gio. I'm not really sure what was inside the roll's rice paper but the shredded "pork" tasted like cardboard and I had to restrain myself from spitting it out. The broth of the bun bo hue had heat but lacked any flavor (not even a hint of lemongrass; womp, womp) and the noodles were way overcooked. The bun cha gio was semi-edible. Noodles, herbs, and fish sauce were all fine but the mini fried spring rolls were oil soaked pieces of garbage and I am positive you can find better spring rolls in the frozen section at Walgreens. 
This place does not do Vietnamese food justice at all. If you're in the mood for Vietnamese, save yourself the heartache -- gtfo of Fairmount and head to Washington Ave.3 stars for the service, 4 for the food.
This new pho place is right down the street from me. I make a point to try out all the new places in my neighborhood, so I stopped in here on a busy Wednesday night.
The interior is simple, with coffee shop-style seating with two-tops and no elbow room. The menu, conversely, is expansive, with over 60 menu items including appetizers and entrees. I had the pho with brisket and flank and tripe and it was delicious. The meat was cooked perfectly and the broth was flavorful. I will be coming back here to try the rest of the menu.We had dinner here last night. Based on some of the earlier reviews, it seems like they've gotten their act together and I'm glad we waited a few months before stopping in. We ordered the summer rolls, Pho Tai (steak) and Pho Ga (chicken). For me, the broth is the real taste test. iPho's broth had lots of flavor and was really good on its own. There was a good amount of meat in my Pho Tai and even more chicken in my bf's Pho Ga. The medium sized order was still a pretty big portion and definitely enough for dinner. Can't wait to go back!I've been to many different Vietnamese restaurants over the decade + I've been in Philly. This spot I would describe as "pho lite", better than chains like pho 75, but not as authentic tasting as Pho Saigon or some of the Washington Ave spots. The broth tastes more like beef buillon and not as full bodied as some of the other stocks I've tried.  Despite that, the cleanliness and service here rates much higher, which is appreciated. I ordered the Tai Gan which came with a large portion of rare steak and soft tendon, not the random pencil eraser stuff you can sometimes find. I will definitely order again!The service is lacking.  My boyfriend and I both ordered pho and the waiter never brought out the garnish, which is essential to eating pho. We had to ask for it after he brought it the pho. The broth was very simple and lacked flavor.  Perhaps it needed to simmer longer? Or needed more spices? We also ordered the pork and crab egg rolls which didn't taste like anything special. You actually can't even tell that there's crab in there so I wouldn't both getting it.iPho was a nice experience. The ambiance was nice, the service was average and the food was alright. No real complaints from the evening but not the best Pho I've had!A decent place to fulfill your pho craving. My usual go-to pho places are near Washington Ave but this was not a bad place to stop by if you're in the area. They have three different pho sizes to choose from and a wide variety menu. It is slightly pricier though.
Food we got:
-Pho with rare steak (steak is small but tasted fresh)
-Vermicelli combo
-Fried srping rolls (Pretty good but if you want to try the BEST fried spring rolls, check out Vietnam Cafe in West Philadelphia).
Service: We went with a group of 16 and everyone got food at different times but overall the service wasn't bad.
Decor: Clean and more upscale compared to the pho restaurants in South Philly.I was so excited to see a pho place open up in Fairmount, an area that is more or less a food desert. Welp, so much for my excitement.
I can't properly review their food because I wasn't even able to eat it. We went in there at a normal dinner time and...... they had run out of meat. All meat. Wow, seriously guys? Pho takes a grand total of like, 3 ingredients to make.
Second, this place looked and smelled like a high school cafeteria. Dim lighting, staff that looked like they had no idea how to be in a restaurant and didn't much care to learn either, and the whole place was cold, drafty, drab, and generally depressing.
Oh, and I forgot to mention one thing: The first thing you see when you walk in is a wall full of (wait for it...) Asian rice farmer hats. Not kidding. Just a wall full of maybe 40 rice farmer hats hanging as pretty much the only decor in the restaurant. Ummmmm.
Anyways, I'll try again in a few months when they get their act together. Or maybe not.I love iPho but was incredibly disappointed by them  this evening, alas the 2 stars (if I was reviewing off of tonight they'd be getting 0). I called ahead and drove there for a carry-out order of a medium sized bowl of pho tai and an order of summer rolls. I waited an additional 15 mins for the order to be prepared, and when I got home, I had a completely wrong order. Some sort of soup with vegetables and tofu, and summer rolls with no peanut sauce at all. 
I know they deliver, so I called and asked if they would deliver the correct order to me. Their response was that their delivery person wasn't working currently, so I'd have to come pick it back up (after hanging up the phone I went online to Grubhub to verify this, and it looked to me like they were accepting delivery orders). I don't live close enough to walk, and it's pouring out. I explained that I have a soy allergy, so I could not even eat the food I was given. Finally, after them telling me they would not bring me the correct food, the man I spoke to told me that next time, I need to order in English, bc what I said was something completely different. I have been to iPho (and many other Vietnamese restaurants) multiple times, and I order that dish the same exact way every time and have never had an issue! I used to order from the using the menu numbers, but the numbers change so often I stopped doing that bc I've gone home with the wrong order multiple times before. Really rude. 
I was told I'd get a refund next time I came in, but he never took down my number or gave me anything official so I doubt that'll happen. At this point, not sure if I want to go back since I just spend $15 on food I am allergic to. Disappointing.
***Update - I found pho toppings in my bowl of vegetable soup. So clearly they understood me.***Delicious vegetarian pho! BYOB and cheap, what more could you want? The noodles are delicious and tasty and they serve you a large portion, I got a medium and still had leftovers. Definitely coming here again!