This place is a good bar with its wide range in selections offered. Went on a Thursday night and there was good amount of people there but the bartenders did an excellent job by serving my group drinks on time. Didn't try the food but would defiantly return for drinks!I don't know that I could possibly hate a bar more than I hate this bar.  Everything about this fake Irish bar stinks, from the mediocre food, to the terrible music, to the Budweiser-drinking crowd (except, I'm assuming, on St. Patty's Day, when the idiots that frequent this place likely purchase Guinness and Harp because it's the cool thing to do).  If you enjoy top 40 hits, the fraternity/sorority crowd, and bad beer, then this is the place for you.This place surprised me. If you're looking for a cheap bar in Rittenhouse, this place is for you.
 Went in with a friend before heading to a concert on a weeknight. The place looks a little divey and was completely empty, apart from a few regulars at the bar. The beers were cheap and the service was good. All the servers/ bartenders kept asking if we were okay and if there was anything else we needed. I liked the fact that they all helped one another out and took care of all guests versus "their own guests." I ordered chicken fingers and fries bracing myself for a not so great dish but was pleasantly surprised. Their chicken fingers were really good, crispy and not too much breading. Will definitely come back if i need a cheap bar near Rittenhouse.I normally wouldn't go to a bar like this but an old friend was in town for the Army Navy game so I had to meet up with him.  I got there around 12:30 and this place was beyond packed. I'm fairly certain the fire marshall wouldn't have been too thrilled.  
It took me 10 minutes to find my friend as I circled the bar.  It was mostly due to the 3 Thousand 20 somethings falling all over each other and on top of me as I wiggled my way through the pack, but more so, it was the sticky floor trying to hold on to my shoes for dear life!  I actually had to use force to lift my feet off the ground!  
I guess if you're drinking "domestic" beer at the Irish Pub your wallets going to be a little happier than drinking an import or local beer.  Yeah - I didn't get that either.  I ordered a Troegs [from Harrisburg, PA] and it came in a small glass and cost me $6.  :-O
So sticky floors, expensive beer and too many drunk douche bags equates a single star in my book.  I will NOT be going back here.Not a bad spot and you can't beat the location. The insides were awesome and I loved the bar service. Great spot for game day.I'm from Texas so I assumed Guinness beer was served in every Irish pub; I was shocked when they told me they only served Murphy's!  I should have made time to read the reviews.. They have a projector so the quality of the screen was poor. I am giving it a three star only because the waitress was super nice and attentive!We've gone here a couple of times for center city sips. The inside is beautiful, the wait staff was friendly and attentive but not overbearing, and we liked the appetizers a lot. They gave a lot of choices for just $5 - highlights were the wings and the southwestern egg rolls. The beers were good prices (obviously it was sips). I just wish their happy hour was always like this!I really don't know why everyone is hatin' on this place. Maybe because everyone goes on Friday and Saturday. Big mistake! As mentioned before it does get too crowded. I prefer Thursday nights as the night to go. There is usually room at the bar and the people there are just want a drink after a long day meaning they're easy to talk to and I always meet new people and make new friends. Irish Pub, or IP as I refer to it as, has a lot of regulars and the bartenders are super nice and attentive, even when the place is crowded. Yea, so they don't have Guiness, well Guiness isn't that good anyway (and I've been to the Guiness factor in Dublin). Try the loaded fries! Find me there most Thursday nights and say Hi! :)Good for what it is: a homedown Irish pub.
While wandering around for something to eat around 12:30 on a Saturday afternoon, we were attracted to this place because of a sandwich board boasting decently priced good food and open windows overlooking Walnut Street. We snagged a seat by those open windows and took in the warm sunshine and temperatures. We went basic: I got a bowl of white chicken chili and the beau got a chicken parm sandwich with fries. The chili was tasty though a tad watery, but the melted cheese on top and decorations of multi-colored tortilla chips was a nice touch. The sandwich was actually quite tasty, with a delicious marinara sauce and a juicy chicken cutlet, and the fries were perfectly crunchy.
We didn't drink, but there seemed to be a large and wide-spanning selection of beers, et al. 
Nice little place!Miller lite pitchers for only $8 during happy hour. Great venue, during the warmer days they have full length open windows in the front. Didn't get any real food, but their appetizers were just okay. Ordered the loaded fries and fried pickles. Was disappointed by how skinny the fried pickles were and he portion size. I would definitely order the loaded fries again. Overall great happy hour experience.Honestly, I didn't do a lot of drinking here as I was already stuffed full of beer but I had a blast! 
I has a yeungling draft for $3.50, which I enjoyed from the start. But most of all I liked the atmosphere. Music was loud enough to keep you awake but wasn't so loud that you couldn't have conversation. A bunch of friends and I were in a little nook area in the back too which is super convenient cause we could put our coats on the ground and not worry about them. 
Good place though! Great location tooI've done my share of starting the night at Irish Pub, but I attempted to go here the other day for a relatively normal meal for once (instead of drinking). Ordered the cobb salad and couldn't even get through half of it. The turkey on top was lunchmeat turkey, which was wet and slimy; the hard boiled egg (usually chopped on top) was cut into 1/3 and sitting on the side, also slimy; the "bed of mixed greens" was some droopy iceberg. I would have complained to the waitress but I saw her twice, once to take the order and once to drop it off. Will never make the mistake of eating here again and will stick to drinking.This is your standard bar. You're going to get good fried stuff to your liking. The Caesar salads are decent, as well as the pasta dishes. If you're looking for something fancy, then don't come here. It is a BAR. 
Service is good. We always see Mary, and she is very patient and attentive.Lots of beer on tap. They had a weird strawberry one that time that was too sweet for our liking. They have miller buckets for dirt cheap during eagles games. Plus, if the eagles win, and you stay until the end of the game, you get 10% off your bill. The energy is always great when the games are on.
They host the annual Tour de Shore and raise a lot of money every year for a great cause.Stopped in for a few beers on July 4 
Bartender had no personality ordered beers he brought them asked for a orange n one and you would of thought I was asking for gold with his response and attitude  ordered wings which were very good but service was not great if I go back maybe I will get a table and not sit at the bar I think we were  putting a damper on him watching the baseball gameIrish pub is perfect for a low key happy hour! It had a good tap selection, lots of seating and great drink specials! 
Service: 7
Price: 8
Food: N/A
Atmosphere: 8Drinks were okay, food was okay, everything was pretty much just okay.  With so many options in Philly I don't really plan on returning.  They've had a few chances and have failed to impress.  That being said, it's bar food and it's really not that bad and they do have a pretty good selection of beer.It's not the worst place in the world. Drinks are cheap. There's a weird 20-30 crowd. The bar itself is cool, nice wood and such. But there's nothing drawing me back, except for St pattys, maybe...Good food. Good drinks. Better when you have a private room (for large groups).I don't do the after work scene, but this is a regular lunch spot since it's near the office and the service here is pretty quick and reliable.  The food is OK - I normally stick to the same thing, the Chicken Thumbs, which are really chicken tenders and fries.  Sometimes I get the roast beef melt which is also pretty good.  My co-workers like the beer selections and I gotta tell you, they make a faily decent martini! There are times when I feel this place needs a really good top-to-bottom cleaning, as it's sometimes musty and sticky, but certainly not gross.Good for after-work happy hours b/c it's cheap, cheap, cheap. It's mindless fun after an exhausting work week.  For a few hours you revert back to freshman year of college. 
Food is awful unless you're drunk, at which point I suggest you head on over to Old Nelson for a hot pocket. Trust me, the food is that bad. And chicken thumbs? Thats just creepy.  
If you must go on the weekend, I suggest you go downstairs. Research has shown that douche bags are averse to navigating stairs so the crowd is a little better down there. Sometimes. Well, occasionally. Ok, this one time.
Irish Pub is the manayunk of center city. After getting sufficiently buzzed off 2 dollar beers at happy hour with your fellow polyester blend yuppies, go elsewhere.Came here for drinks and appetizers. We sat in the front and waited forever for the waitress. My bf had to order drinks at the bar which also took at least 10 minutes. This place wasn't even busy. The waitress finally came and gave us a menu. We finished our drinks and the waitress never came back to take our order. We left and don't plan on coming back.Unlike most people, I appreciate chains because walking in I know that although I won't get a wonderful experience, they give you what you want. Usually.  So when I walk into one of Philly's many wonderful pubs of Irish descent, I expect to be able to experience one of man's greatest achievements, a frothy pint of Guinness.  
However, you can't at any Irish Pubs in the city.  Why? I care not.  I just know I can't.  The food here is decent bar grub, and the servers were very nice and friendly.  However, again, my main gripe is with the establishment.  The beer list is pretty non-existent and yes there are nightly specials.  The rotation mainly consists of BL, Coors, and Miller.  If you are okay with that, then you aren't the pub for me and we can't be drinking buddies.So far have watched two Phillies-Yanks games at the Irish Pub with some buddies.  Great atmosphere for big games with plenty of well positioned HD flat screens and volume turned up so you can hear the game.  Also, always have $2 beer selection, which consists (on a rotating basis) of High Lifes, Rolling Rock, Miller Light, and Bud Light.  Before a big game, I suggest getting there an hour early if you want to get a table in the pub area.  Only food I had was the sampler, which was decent.This place is huge so a big plus is that it never quite feels crowded.  It's not the nicest/cleanest bar but it's not pretentious and the bartenders are nice enough.  I wouldn't recommend coming here for food but rather if you need a place to start or end the night.  Their pitchers of beer are cheap and they took good care of our large party (12 people) last time we were here.
In summary, this would not be a destination spot for me nor a happy hour spot.  I probably won't be back anytime soon...I had the veggie wrap----it was delicious. I was a little nervous because it is an Irish Pub but it was extremely fresh . The bean spread on it was excellent. Our entire party enjoyed their lunch. service was great. The owner even came by to see how we were doing. Highly recommend their chicken thumbs!I love how the two star rating description says "Meh". I couldn't have put it better myself.
Went here as part of an irish pub crawl on saturday. Coming from ireland I was honestly baffled when they said they don't do Guinness. I mean seriously, it beggars belief really.
On the other hand they did have fairly cheap vodka and cokes ($3 I think?) but I'm not sure if that was a pub crawl special or whatever.
Typical plastic paddy bar, all done up to look "oirish" but having zero personality whatsoever. 
Plus points for the staff though who are ridiculously cool and nice. Just a shame about the rest of the place.What a disappointing time this was. Where are the irish beers? 
Not a Guinness, Harp, Smithwicks, Murphy or O'Hara- not even in a bottle. Geez!! 
The waitress dourly reported that indeed Irish beer was sold-And there were two, titled Irish beers- just note, those are brewed locally from the high cliffs of Lancaster, PA. 
Needless to say, I was relieved to exit the "IRISH" pub and search on to find Con Murphy's and the cheerful, convivial staff/servers.I have been to the Irish Pub two or three times now, but I went last night with some friends to watch the Flyers game and kick back a couple brews.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
Weekends, especially during the warmer months, find this place packed, as the open front seating area is a great place to chill early in the evening, and the gigantic amount of space makes it a good place to go later in the night.  The bar sports typical Irish decor-- wooden floors, seating, booths, etc.
THE LAYOUT:
There are actually two bars here, they are connected, the name of the one next door escapes be but I think it has a different name.  These two bars connect a bit further back, the main bar of Irish Pub has a lot of (generally unused) seating in the back, and a big central bar area toward the front, with plenty of hi-def TV's and tables with stools, and then the open air seating in front of that.  During the weekend, it's a good central area for groups of people, during the week or for sports games, the central area is perfect for enjoying the game or some food and drink.
THE FOOD/DRINKS:
Three words: Blue Moon Special.  Although it's not the $1 Blue Moons I fell in love with at Hemingways back in Pittsburgh, $4 Blue Moons are as good as anything around here.  They have a full bar, but at an Irish Pub, beer is likely to be the drink of choice, although the ladies we were there with had Stoli Vanilla and Soda water.  The food is food, it's really nothing special, I didn't eat much as I was still full from my late lunch at Goodburger to be honest.  As far as pricing, I thought the tab was lower than I would have expected, but apparently the food wasn't cheap.  At least the portions aren't too skimped out.
THE SERVICE:
Our waitor last night was a Scottish guy named James, he kicked some serious ass...very courteous, friendly and responsive.  If you get him, be sure to throw the chap a few extra bucks for tip!  Weekends I can imagine service is tougher to deal with since it gets crowded.
THE CROWD:
I don't want to sound superficial or anything with my assessment of the attractiveness of the girls who came out-- at first the place was a total dude-fest with only a few attractive girls, same story for weekends as weekdays.  Later last night, I was fortunate to meet a couple cool girls and strike up a convo, and the girls who came to meet us were drop dead gorgeous so I stopped caring.  The point is, this isn't the place to go looking for a hot date or something, go with friends and enjoy their company, if you meet someone there, it's an added bonus.
THE VERDICT:
It looks like this place got some low reviews for various reasons, but I think for a place to catch the game, grab a few brews and wings or something with friends it's good.  For weekends, there are better options within blocks, but it's not that bad.  You'll have to make up your mind for yourself!This place is so bland and unexciting that writing about it makes it seem that it is more cool than it actually is. I have been twice and both times left feeling unimpressed. AND the bartender seemed a bit sketchy to me...The bartenders are dicks here so try to get a table if possible since the waitresses are sweethearts; completely opposite ends of the spectrums. Drink specials all week and great food as well. Enjoyed a decebt Thursday  night with my boyfriend the first time around  about a month ago and have kept coming back.Maybe I've been spoiled lately, but I found Irish Pub just an ok place to go for lunch. 
The decor is a bit shabby in the day light (although maybe it looks better in the evening after a few drinks).  While others I was with seemed to enjoy their Shepard's pie, which was certainly a huge portion, the turkey breast sandwich I had was nothing special, and the fries that accompanied it seemed like they were dumped straight from the freezer to the frier.    
While it was not an expensive place to eat,  the value seemed to fit the quality of the experience. I do not see any reason for a return visit.Went on July 4, sat at the bar, had an awesome time.  It's called the Irish pub. That's what it's gonna be. The music was a mix of top 40's and country. Bartenders super attentive and fun.This has a great neighborhood bar atmosphere. Their beer isn't as cheap as other places, and they don't have my favorite whiskey (Johnnie-Walker Red Label), but it's got a real nice atmosphere, it's huge and there's a good amount of folks there almost every night. You can't get near the bar on a thursday, friday or saturday night...so don't even try!
It's quite close to where I live, so I enjoy going there a lot.a friend and i came here looking for another friend. had to push and crawl looking for this person that was never here but next store at the other "irish pub" that is called somethin else. you have to paya 2 dollar cover for what i have no idea but on the bright side there was some eye candy to look at and a couple of free drinks bought bye the jersey guys that come there often. not as bad as old city and kind of fun, just maybe not on a fri. nightDecent pub with the standard drinks and a patio for outdoor seating in Rittenhouse right across the street from the Wanamaker building. The venue is spacious enough for larger groups which is a plus. Overall it is solid but not outstanding.My stars for the Irish Pub vary, pending the time of the day. 
When is the best time to go: 
Summer/Spring Saturday and Sunday Days for lunch and a pint
Game days. 
If you want take out beer. 
Day Time: 4 Stars: 
It's a great place for a Spring/Summer day. The front windows are opened with nice weather, people watching at its best, while having a pint, and the waitstaff are always great. Only on "off" days would I walk into the pub and sit at the bar. There is booth seating in the back, it's great for larger parties at night. There is NO sunlight in the back. The have daily dinner specials that are usually well done. (they share a kitchen/chef? with the Cafe next door)
THE OFFER BEER TAKE OUT. 
Night Time: One Star: 
As beautiful as the building is with the decor,night time at The Irish Pub is a hot mess. 
The Main Bar: Too big for so many people to walk around. Limited high top tables to stand at because the standing space is so limited. You will be pushed. The bouncers do NOT regulate crowd control. 
The bartenders: Arrogant, poor service. They have little to no social engagement  as you would expect from an "Irish Pub".  Expect to be 2-3 people deep. waiting for your beer on a Friday and Saturday. 
The bathrooms: Usually hot (they are in the basement). Do not tread if you are taller than 5'10". The ceilings are low.  
The DJ: The ones I've seen play agreeable music, willing to take requests.I used to live across the street from here and eat here all the time.  It wasn't anything amazing, but perfect for what I wanted: decently priced food, unlimited soda refills, and delicious fries.  When I heard the owner was a huge Republican (and invited Sarah Palin to the Pub) I almost stopped going.  Almost.Great beer selection on tap. Good apps but need more oven time, not hot enough. Plenty of football on multiple TVS. Very good service.Stopped by today they got a new menu so the food got much better. I had the garlic parm wings and the big a** burger and it was amazing. My friend got the oven stuffed turkey and it looked delicious. Our entire group was raving about the food. The service was great all the staff were extremely helpful as well.I've always enjoyed the atmosphere of a nice, irish pub and this place is no exception. They have some good prices on happy hour with a "beer of the day special". Tasted their Philly cheesesteak and it was quite enjoyable. Great atmosphere and they also show sports on game nights.Oh Irish Pub. Disclaimer - this review is probably a bit biased because I spent a lot of time here as a young wide eyed intern when I first moved to philly. 
When I was a much younger woman (5-6 years ago), we would come here a couple times a week. I was from a college town in Michigan and shocked at the price of going out for drinks in Philly. Here at Irish Pub there were always $2 beer specials(At least that's how I remembered it) I'm pretty sure the price may have gone up to $2.50, but seriously, that's super cheap. I've never had the food here (at least not that I remember?) so I can't vouch for that.
Either way, you're not getting a super classy bar here. It's bound to be packed and loud and probably full of drunk people. But if you're looking for a place to throw back a few cheap beers, look no further.This is a consistently average place to go when your looking for pub fare and a place to watch the game; mind you it will get packed when the Phillies/Flyers are in the playoffs...I would never go here on a friday or saturday but during the week this place is alright.  The staff and owner are exceptional.  However, one huge negative of this place is the beer list, no Guinness at a place that is called the irish pub is kind of a joke.Irish Pub is a great place to start the night.  
There are always cute girls working it to get free drinks from the football-look-a-like bar tenders... if I were them I'd give 'em free drinks.  
However I would describe the beer selection as "meh."I think i like coming here more than I used to.  They even sent me a complimentary $10 gift card for entering the Tour De Shore charity bike ride.  
The Chicken Thumbs are still my favorite  bar food in Philadelphia and the bar tenders are accommodating, fast and friendly.  I enjoy my $2.50 Yuenglings and whatever cheap beer specials they are putting out that night.Really good if you order the right food:
Cheesesteak egg rolls are incredible, and REGULAR chicken thumbs are great. Stay away from the buffalo.Skip this place. It's an unwelcoming joint.
I go to real Irish pubs quite a bit. In Ireland. They're the warmest places in the most beautiful country on earth. 
"Irish Pub" in Philadelphia is more Applebee's with a McDonald's attitude.
After a late night in the office, I go in. I've been up for almost two days writing a brief. I go in for food and drink. I get a play called "bartender texting for almost two minutes."
Next up is what I call the parade of "nos." "You do have food, right?" "No." "Don't you advertise late night meals?" "No." (Huh?) "When did your kitchen close?" "Hours ago."
The last time I was at an Irish bar, I sang Danny Boy with a dozen strangers and a fiddle. This is different. 
After the play is over, I get a drink. But, strange thing at this bar. Drinks are just for show. I never got to drink it. (It looked good, though.)
The bartender asks for immediate payment (because I look like I drink and dash for sure, you know). I produce a credit card, and he is shocked! Shocked is he! "But you must buy more! Your drink is only seven dollars!"
Um, no. Drinks are sold by the drink. It's a bar. And you're a bartender. What's happening now? 
"But, we lose money if it's not $10 on a credit card! Buy more! Buy shots!" No, really. He told me to "buy shots."
"I'm driving. It's a Tuesday. I'm a responsible adult."
"Buy those girls a drink then," pointing to girls. No, really, the manager himself said that. "Buy those girls a drink." Girls. Plural. He wanted me to buy multiple drinks. For other people to drink.
And, then I wrote this review. So, bar owner, just match the date of this post to your personnel schedule and make some changes. Walla! Early Christmas present. Thank me later.Anytime I've gone into this place to get something to eat (I'm smart enough to stay the hell away during high drinking times), it's taken forever--even if it's 2 or 3 tables seated.
The food's edible though if not a little overpriced.Went after work with a few coworkers. I got the pitcher of white Sangria and a Cajun (or "Blackened" I can't remember) chicken wrap...My coworkers got drinks, nachos and wings....everything was good. The service was on point. I have no complaints about anything. I would definitely go back.Well don't go here if you are expecting an Irish pub that serves Irish good. Spring rolls, meatball and sausage grinders and standard bar food are the basis of the menu.
Interesting seasonal drinks .... Cucumber cooler (gin, muddled cukes, simple syrup , line & club soda) & honey lemonade (JD honey & lemonade ) were tasty but weak.
The boys went for bar food. Vegetable spring rolls were obviously frozen fried products served with sticky sweet jarred duck sauce. When soy sauce was requested none was available.
Spicy chicken thumbs were grease laden logs of breadcrumb fried chicken. Steak fries although obviously not homemade were edible but when asked to accommodate " loading" them like an appetites item the request was denied.
The beef pannini ..... Or at least that is what it was called was really a grilled wrap folded in half with onions and horseradish . Edible according to the eater.
Given the lack of authenticity I stuck with a garden salad but when I order low fat Italian dressing I do not expect creamy Italian. Luckily it was on the side so I at least eat a dry salad. But fear not when I think I can not be further disappointed they hit my pet peeve . Under the brightly colored romaine and the bagged shredded carrots what brown lettuce. I will not serve that at home never mind expect it in a restaurant.
I never blame a server for poor food to management's lack of accommodation of diners but when she tried to take away our only half finished drinks I had had enough.
Do I need to draw a conclusion?Not bad! I had a good time. We had a pretty big group but they compensated for that quickly and were very efficient with ordering. Not suuuper cheap but not expensive either -- a good middle range. Food and drinks came out in no time! I wish I had gotten a picture of my food but the buffalo thumbs are sooooo good that I ate them immediately and it would have been disgraceful for me to post the half eaten picture. Would recommend the cider!Situation:  lunch with co-workers celebrating a 50th birthday on a Tuesday.  20 people.
Everything was handled very well.  They seated us in a back room that accommodated all of us nicely.  Half of us wanted alcoholic bevereages, half did not, so the alkies sat on one side of the room and soda-drinkers sat on the other.  That way we got 2 checks:  the soda-drinkers didn't have to foot the bill for the alkies.  No fuss, no problem.  Only draw-back to the room was that it faced the street, with floor-to-ceiling windows.  Can you spell "hot house"??
Other than that, service was very prompt.  I heard some rumblings that the "Chicken Thumbs" (big, fat version of Chicken Fingers) were not full cooked, but a couple of G & T's put me in that happy place where I didn't much care.  I had Fish 'n Chips (satisfied my fried food craving and made me feel sanctimonious because I was, after all, eating fish); others had burgers.  Someone got the bright idea to order "loaded fries" with their meal, assuming that they would substitute those for the regular fries that come on the platters.  All of us thought that was a great idea as well, so we all did the same.  Bad idea.  They brought us the regular fries with our platter, AND all of those orders of  "loaded fries".  Can you spell "carbo overload"?  That's one of the reasons I'm only giving 2 stars; the servers should have let us know the ordering those loaded fries was, in effect, ordering an app in addition to our meal. 
All in all, the lunch for 20 was a piece of cake.  The birthday girl was mortified when we sang Happy Birthday loudly, and those of us who sat on the "good" side of the room are having a very happy afternoon.
Reasons for only 2 stars:  undercooked chicken, very hot room, the "loaded fries" order padding.
Positive:  comfortable seating (not crowded) in an area dedicated just to the group & fast service, especially for a party of 20.Meh, this place just didn't do it for us. Don't get me wrong, if you're looking for an Irish Pub replete with sticky floors and hardwood countertop -- well, then cheers! However, we see eye-to-eye with Karen F.; we too might be a bit snooty :D. 
Came in for some desserts. Got the brownie over icecream (approx. $5) and bread pudding over whiskey sauce (approx. $5). Brownie was standard fare. The bread pudding wasn't pudding but a feable attempt at a dry Cinnabon. We didn't finish a single dish.
We wandered around the bar area a bit and finally opted to settle down at the restaurant side. At around 11, the double doors separating the bar from the restaurant swung open and people began to leak out. So much for a quiet Friday night -- we were out in a jiffy.It's a pub for heck sake, what were you all expecting? Loved it! Was within walking distance of my hotel at the square. It wasn't too busy. Had some draft beers I had never tried which were great!
I ordered the fresh Cod Wrap which was really good with two sides. Three beers and dinner for $25 works for me! I will go back next time I am thereIf you are looking for a good selection of Irish food, this is not the place. Hardly any authentic Irish food. The service was ok and the prices were fair.Incredibly loud and often hard to move around in. Food was pretty good as I recall, but then again,  I was fairly drunk when I ate it.  The bartenders were fairly responsive given how busy it was, but the alcohol selection is pretty weak in my admittedly unreasonable opinion. There is nothing really special about this place... If you wanna get drunk, you can do it here. If you want something interesting, look elsewhere.On a time crunch and the server brought the check to sign right away. This hot roast beef sandwich is great comfort food on a cool autumn day!Irish Pub apparently boycotts Guinness along with "a lot of other Irish Pubs" (our waiter's words) b/c Guinness has plans to open up Irish-themed restaurants in Philly.  
We stopped here b/c it was beautiful out and we wanted to sit outside.  But after hearing the ridiculous reason for boycotting my fiance's favorite alcoholic bevvy in the entire world, we had one beer and then went to Black Sheep where they are secure enough in their Irish-hood to serve Guinness like a real Irish pub should.
The waiter was attentive but I will not be returning.Stopped by for a quick drink on the way to dinner. Love the ambiance and the ample seating around the bar. Had a Dublin mule for the first time which was really good! Will definitely be back when we are in the area.The Shepherd's Pie was delicious! There wasn't anyone to greet me at the door and walk me to the restaurant portion of the pub. However service was quick and the waitresses are so nice!Been here twice. Pretty good food surprisingly. I tried the pub burger. The beer was fairly priced. Didn't like then flying fish beer that much though. The place was pretty packed when I went on a Thursday night. I would definitely go again.a fun bar, but mediocre food. their hamburger is one of the absolute worst I've ever had - the roll was stale, the tomato and lettuce looked diseased and the meat was from a frozen patty and tasted and had the consistency of cardboard. but again, it's a fun bar. they always have $2 drafts and a good crowd - just don't get the burger...The Chi-Fi
A generously portioned chicken "thumb", which is a cut of boneless chicken breast, coated in bread crumbs, fried to crisp perfection, and laid on an oval porcelain plate.  These glorious phallic dipping meats are paired with a side of "secret" honey mustard sauce which is most likely made by leprechauns.  Combined, the chi-fi becomes a orgasm inducing pleasure vehicle.  It's often served so hot that it's a tease for your mouth.  Have patience; once cooled the chi-fi has the power to satisfy you both spiritually and physically.Whether it s Walnut/21st or Walnut/12th (curious right - that maybe they only meant to buy one but got hit by dyslexia ?) - these are awesome, straightforward, blue collar (OK - fairly white collar tinged blue at the sentiment level) pubs. Not really like the old country, but closer than too much else. The barkeeps are cool, friendly, business-like - just as you'd expect. There might be vodka in your mimosa (but if there is, and I'm not saying its a bad thing, its probably because you are the first one in a while to order a mimosa). Various beers are on the cheap at the weekends - if you're lucky you'll find a good one. If not, the others aren't really pricey). Chicken thumb platter (chicken nuggets and chips for grown ups) is awesome. Take care with the bloody Mary - sometimes they add "stout" (Guiness substitute) - thats their secret sauce. It not high-brow, but its dependable. In the end, its home.Great happy hour, huge projection screen for games, very large bar area. Little run down inside but thats part of its charm. Very friendly and attentive staff. Did not get to try the food but it looked good (standard bar/pub food).We went there for the Thanksgiving dinner. First off they allowed us to make a bogus reservation to the place attached to it called The Cafe and it wasn't even open on Thanksgiving. Upon arrival we were perplexed that they gave us reservations to a place that was closed, but we stayed for dinner anyways. The selection was meager and our server was very snarky, with a generally annoyed attitude. Upon paying the bill a $20 tip was clearly written on the receipt, but there was an error on our part when totaling, two numbers were switched, clearly a small mistake but the guy took advantage of this and gave himself a $50 tip when the tip was clearly written $20. Not only was he rude but dishonest.Irish pub is the closet thing to a college bar in downtown Philadelphia. It has little to nothing to do with being Irish it's pretty much just a local hang out / bar. It's always packed with young types. 
If you're going to get food go with the chicken fingers. They were like nothing I've ever had before, perfect drunk food. 
Waitresses are always super nice & friendly and the bartender charged my phone the last time I was there. Not a bad local bar scene for center city.Oh the Irish Pub...I was too harsh on you.
For a place to go out for drinks with a group of friends, no matter what night of the week it is, I find myself at the Irish Pub at least once a week. Whether it's a weekday night and I try to monopolize the jukebox with DJ Saraah's Greatest Hits or a Friday/Saturday night with a rotation of visiting DJs, the music is loud and sets a booty wigglin, drink guzzling atmosphere to forget the rest of the world outside of the pub. 
A good spot for celebrating but get there before the night rush if you want to have good standing room. It can get crowded pretty fast but hey, with cheap drinks and fast service what else would you expect?I don't know why everyone complains about it, first off the $2 cover is for the Dj (and it's only on Friday and Saturday nights)  and to keep the riff raff out.. its only $2 cheapos. The service is quick, the specials are good especially happy hour drinks!! everyone is complaining about the food, NOT TRUE!! nachos, the chicken and buffalo thumbs, pretty much all sandwiches, fish and chips, walnut street salad, the dinner specials.. all REALLY good!! also, the desert is amazing! i recommend the bread pudding or brownie. Yes it gets busy on Friday and Saturday nights, but why would you want to go out to a bar that has nobody in it? Also, the bartenders and staff are awesome and you never wait that long to get a drink! The bar downstairs is usually less packed and quieter, and the Cafe right near the bathroom stairs is awesome! If you want something more "loungey" and nicer go there. Plus they always have pretty girl bartenders, unlike the main bar. Since they changed the layout and there are more tables that look over the whole bar section it makes it easy to sit and hang out... plus the servers get you food and drinks so you dont have to go back and forth! The Cafe has outdoor seating when it's nicer, and the windows are always open when it's warm. ONE MORE THING... Guinness (and Guinness products) aren't the only beers in the world. Try the Irish Pub Stout by Victory IT'S WAY BETTER THAN GUINNESS! Beer selection changes pretty frequently and they always have local beers on tap like Yards Love Stout and Yards IPA which are amazing!A chill place for drinks during the work week.  During the weekend, it can be very crazy and very packed.  The food here is nothing special, just your regular bar food selections.  They have a good selection of beers on tap and in bottles.  
Fairly large seating area with a large sized bar.  During the warmer weather, they open the windows which is nice.  
Bathrooms are located downstairs where there is another room with a full bar.Ummm..this place was interesting. Would I go back? Maybe, but not on a weekend.  I went with a group of girlfriends on a friday night and it was ok. It wouldnt be my first choice. It has a very "bro" college feel. The place is crazy loud and super crowded. The people were a bit obnoxious and it seemed like it was big for the "afterwork" crowd. At this point in my life..aka being 30, its not my scene. No shittier than any other pubs, nothing to write home about.
I didnt have the food, so nothing to say about the cuisineNot what I was expecting. This has a mix of good looking younger people (26-36). It looks to get bro tastic later on, but when I was there it was fairly good (7pm). The bartenders were awesome, just look out for the barback swiping your drink away. 
I will try it again, when tria is packedThis place is fun.. like everyone said cheap beer and good music and hot bartenders. It's spacious and at night the tables are usually empty for big groups to hang. Most people are around the circular bar in the middle. The bar itself is hugee hence why there aren't a lot of people but it seems crowded..just a note if they try to renovate in the future :] 
The crowd is your usual Rittenhouse 20 somethings crowd.It's funny that Irish Pub has gotten such terrible reviews because people do love it.  Who are those people you ask?   Well lets put it this way... Irish Pub is the "Pub" of choice for those who frequent 32 Degrees.  
IP is a joke, I can't believe they charge people for just walking through their doors.Not bad service but I am not paying a cover on a weekend because the bar arbitrarily decides to charge one to make money.Another 3 star performance.  This bar is fine, but there really is nothing about it that would move it past a 3rd star.  The food is fine but unexciting and their beer selection is predictable.  
Speaking of their beer selection, how does an "Irish Pub" serve one Pennsylvania-made stout and not one Imported Irish beer (no Guiness, Murphy's, Smithwicks)?  I don't know... pretty questionable on the Irishness.There is nothing glamorous about the Irish Pub...but hey! No one should expect it to be. The place usually smells like stale beer because things get pretty sloppy after midnight at this pub down the block from Rittenhouse Square. The interior is pretty cool and induces a sort of need to throw back a beer or two.
First off I wouldn't eat the food...to be fair I haven't really touched it except for some late night chicken fingers and fries but from the looks of things you're better of going next door to the Bards or down the street to order a burger from Shake Shack.
HOWEVER... despite what I've said so far you will have a good time here if you are in the mood for it. I have met friends for birthday parties and have had a really great time. There is a DJ on friday and saturday nights and a juke box for weeknights. The drinks are cheap and the bartenders (all guys) are very friendly! Watching big sporting events is also a positive side to visiting the irish pub because they have multiple tvs and one large projection screen.I was here once before years ago, and remember it being okay. I cam this past weekend and was not happy at all. We ordered the meatball appetizer which states on the menu is served with "Italian spiced, bite sized meatballs, served with garlic parmesan sauce and bread sticks." There were no breadsticks with our order and when I asked the server, and even showed him where it said that in the menu, he pretty much laughed and said no. Umm, okay? The service was also pretty awful. Our waiter brought maybe half of what we ordered each time, and never apologized for forgetting half of our drinks. All in all, will not be going back here. There are a lot of great pubs in the city, and this just isn't one of them.I was a regular here from roughly 1997-2000. Who remembers the $2.50 pints of Murphy's Irish Stout? 
It's a big, popular, busy bar. Attracts a lot of people in their 20's and gets packed every weekend. It's a good place for tourists. 
I used to live and work nearby back then, so aside from drinking there frequently I would have a lot of meals here. I have fond memories of their Reuben and Chicken Thumbs (Their version of chicken fingers, but because they are so big they call them 'thumbs' instead, get it? They're actually more like cat paws.) 
I don't know if anything significant has changed. I'm going from memory and I have a lot of great ones from the Irish Pub. But like I said, it's a place for people in their twenties, with age one inevitably moves on. I used to try to go there maybe once or twice a year, usually for lunch and a few pints just for old time's sake. 
So why the two stars, you ask? 
I discovered, to my horror, during my last visit a few years back that they no longer serve Murphy's Stout. 
Irish Pub, you're truly dead to me.If you're looking for a place to go to after work or to go for a few relaxed drinks with friends, this is your place to go. The set up inside is absolutely beautiful and the prices are great. Everyday they have specials for pints and pitchers. The one let down I found about this place was the wings. Overall I had a good experience and definitely is a place I would return to.This is the place you wind up at the end of the night when you're looking to keep drinking while out & about in this part of town and don't have the cash to fork out anywhere else... 
The music in here is too loud, and pretty awful -- and the waitress not only first forgot to get me a water with my beer, but then screwed up one of my friends drinks. 
It's the little things... add in the limited beer selection (you're an Irish bar!!) and I'd prefer to drunkenly stagger elsewhere in this neck of the woods, for sure!I just had the best chicken and avocado quesadillas and their potato soup was delicious. Service was great. Our waitress was pleasant and efficient.Came here on a whim last week while looking for dinner past 10pm on a Tuesday, and I'm so glad that were still serving! The menu is kind of diner meets pub, and it was exactly what my friends and I were looking for. Our server, Kaitlin (or Caitlin, my apologies!), was absolutely fantastic, accommodating, and personable. I would come back just to be waited on by her. 
I had the reuben, which was delicious, and the fries were perfectly crispy. My friends got the mac-n-meatballs, fish-n-chips, and chicken thumbs (we all got a laugh at the name), and all of the food was good. We were all satisfied and pleased with our experience at Irish Pub, and I'll make sure to come back sometime soon!Came by for a drink before Book of Mormon at the Forrest Theatre. This place is called Irish Bar and has NO GUINNESS! Very misleading. 
We grabbed a few Belgian draft beers that were decent. The bartender was rude and short but the place was busy. The counters and tables were clean and otherwise the place wasn't too packed for a Saturday night. Nothing too exciting here. 
Would pick somewhere else next time, friendly bartenders aren't too hard to find in Philly.Great place!! Wonderful service!! They are so fast and the food is really good! For the price it's above and beyond what you would expect. The portion sizes are big and a great beer selection. 18 on tap and most are crafts. We had the chicken thumbs (huge chicken fingers with their homemade honey mustard that you havnt tasted before!!)  I recommend trying them!  The shepherds pie was the best I ever had! I want to go back to try their lunch specials. Great deals during the week  Monday - Friday ranging from a $5 soup and whole sandwich to a specialty sandwich no more then $8.  This spot is a place to check out!3.5 / 5
Had a good time here a few weeks ago. Was there for a friends Birthday and was suprised to find they have drink specials on the weekends. Most bars I have been to stop drink specials after happy hour.
It was really crowded which made getting drinks hard but I then discovered there is a downstairs bar which basically no one was at.
Many beers on tap but they tend to be a bit expensive, 7.00 for a Newcastle, overall a standard barThis place was our savior on a night when we definitely needed booze.  We had been across the street at Moriarity's being ignored by an old bartender (see other review) when we had the idea to come here.  Beer was cheap, cold, and readily available.  They didn't have Guiness; which we thought was odd for a place calling themselves "Irish Pub".  A good time was had in spite of a lack of Guiness.I had never gone into The Irish Pub because I always got the impression it was mostly a bar and maybe served greasy bar food in the bar area. I had no idea there was a fairly large dining area until I randomly went in for dinner with a friend.
This is now one of my favorite dinner spots in Philadelphia. I'm not going to pretend because the food is somehow spectacular; but as one of 4 Irish pub/'straunts I've been to in the area (the others being Moriarty's, FADO and one I can't remember,) I favor the food here best.
On both occasions that I've gone in it has been early evening (7ish) and the bar area has been packed, but the dining area has been nearly empty. This is something I favor, so I was pleasantly surprised. The waitstaff has been attentive and friendly.
The food has always been the right temperature and incredibly tasty if not original. It's moderately priced....some may say too expensive for "pub food," but I really have experienced that this food is better than most "pub food." On both of my visits I've had the "Mexican Salad," which most of us would call a taco salad - you know the type; comes in a tortilla shell bowl.
On each occasion there were copious amounts of chicken, which you often get gypped on in these situation. The salsa is fresh, the veggies were all fresh and non-wilty. The entire experience was just...really really good.
On my recent visit I also ordered nachos; I have to admit, I'm a total dork for ordering nachos and a Mexican salad at an Irish Pub. But if they can get this right, I would assume they get everything else right, too! Each of these items was $7.50, to me a reasonable price. What I do hate is the $2.50 charge for sodas and tea. Come on, people; how much of a mark-up do you really need on your 2 cent glass of tea to make a profit?
That aside, I really really enjoyed my experiences at The Irish Pub and I look forward to going back!Good place for drinking, but not for dining. I've had two meals there and both were suckage even for bar food. 
While the waitresses and hostess were pleasant to deal with, the two bartenders just act and operate like meatheads; serving up the wrong dishes and drink orders like they're paid to do so. Only one of them knows enough to serve Sam Adams in the correct glass. 
Good (but not great) place to have a few drinks, but veer away from the eats.Love Irish pub, great memories of Dublin Dave. Love, Bob Forensicpiccop@aol.com
Food and company are great.Love this place and picked this location to meet up with friends for my birthday last night. Great bartenders and atmosphere. However, there is a serious issue with a bar having restrooms down a very steep set of steps. After a few drinks (not too many), I took one step and fell all the way down the rest! It was a very long and hard fall! One waitress came down to ask if I wanted ice but didn't seem overly concerned. Thank God I wasn't really hurt. Just very sore! My friends also commented that they heard a handful of other people fall up and down the steps. I assume this happens often! Owners should put some traction on them steps or something before someone is seriously hurt!A. Plastic cups?  Bartender stated that some incident occured last year to incur this nonsense
B. No Murphy's Stout...I was about to choke a b*tch!  Luckily, victory stout was butter
C. Monsoon detered patrons...NOT...it was mad packed and I was soaked with beer from the DJ spinning bumping beats
D. Girls were a hot mess...hell yeah
E. Passed out at 8pm...sure did (I did start out at 1pm)
I will hit...on the more sedate of the 2 weekends for st pat'sThis was the first restaurant I stumbled in upon moving to Philadelphia, so I didn't really know what to expect.  Let me say that I was pleasantly surprised.  They have these "eat for a dime" specials which include an entree and two sides for 10 dollars.  Quesidillas were interestingly delicious.  The best way I can describe it is Philly cheese steak meets mexican food, sort of a thinly chopped beef and cheese.  It was unlike anything I've tasted, but it was great.  Also, the broiled scallops melted in your mouth.  yum.
Sunday night had good drink specials.  2 dollar domestic drafts and 5 dollar bloody marys.  And, as a blood mary affectionato I can say that these were worth ordering again.  And that doesn't happen often.
Delightful.  Slightly dive-y atmosphere with a nice outdoor patio. You should probably go if not for the Bloody Marys alone.Just no. Beers are lukewarm, food is cheap, but you certainly get what you pay for. Fries are soggy and boring, and the melted cheese on my roast beef was like plastic. It also sat too long on a counter after before being served. Service was fine.This review strictly pertains to eating lunch there. At night is a good time to drink pints here but I would advise against ordering their food. 
I got what they call their "famous" chicken thumbs. If these are famous I can only imagine how bad the standard items are. The chicken was dry, the coating more soggy than crunchy and the even the fries weren't very flavorful. I just doused the meal in even more ketchup than usual to fill myself up. The only thing saving the meal was it was pretty cheap like $8 plus they had lunch time beer specials to get my Friday started nice and early. 
Too much good eating in the area to ever waste time here again though.I might have given this three stars except for the fact that the name of the bar is Irish Pub, yet there is no Guinness in sight.
In general, it's not a bad place to grab a late night not-as-pricey-as-everywhere-else-in-center-city beer, but the food and ambiance is lackluster.
If you want better food and better atmosphere, go across the road to Moriarty's.Typically dive barish, but great happy hour and great drinks. We stopped here on our Big Red Pedal Tour and had a fun time. We didn't try food and not sure that I would aside from appetizers if we go back.Went there today.  Got fish and chips.  Coleslaw was a sugary mess.  Fish was greasy and tasteless.  The server spilled cocktail sauce on my companion when she picked up the dishes and mindlessly never noticed.  It was a lot of red sauce, ruining his beige jacket.
Avoid this place.  It is horrible.Irish pub is a good place to grab drinks right after work. Very casual typical bar feel and not that loud for a bar. We initially tried to go to Moriarty's but they wouldn't seat our party of 4 because they had reservations starting at 6pm (we arrived at 5:24!!). We crossed the street to Irish Pub and were seated right away. Yuengling and Blue Moon Happy Hour specials. I opted for the chicken thumbs platter. The thumbs were huge!! Nice breading that didn't make the chicken oily. Waitress checked in with us several times without being overbearing. I only give it three stars because it is a plan b/c.Except for the amazingly original name this place BLOWS leprechauns! Seriously, I could get brain damaged sniffing glue with a bus load of 3rd graders and be better off! 
anyone notice how much this site is just filled with butt kissers sucking up to the local establishments instead of truely rating them...NOT everyone but still 1 ass kisser is plenty in my opinion. Be honest!- carry on.TJ and Phil are the best bartenders. They were so helpful and sweet. I wouldn't want to spend a night in Philly any other way!This has become our new dinner stop when we go to the Walnut Theatre. Very reasonable priced, always fast service and good pub food. Try the Chicken Thumbs!Irish Pub is your standard Irish themed bar.  Basic Bar food, not amazing not terrible, defiantly not healthy.  But if you looking for a wings, nacho, fires type place this is it.  Beer list isn't bad they have some seasonal rotations on the draft list.  Most times I've been the service has been above average for this type of establishment.
I like the bar interior, the high ceiling make you feel like you in a more open space. There a decent amount of standing room and enough TVs to catch a game.  I'd definitely recommend this place for drinking over eating.Nice little Irish bar. I passed it and doubled back. I saw a sign outside that said $2 Bud Light drafts so I figured all of the beers were going to be cheap. I was a bit surprised when I had to pay $5.50 for a Blue Moon. I dropped down to the Miller Lights and they were only $3. All in all, I had a good time and it wasn't too loud. I was able to hold a decent conversation with my friend. Be careful about sitting at the bar in the Winter time. The breeze that came in made things a bit uncomfortable.Not a bust Saturday night. Walked in and the bartender was in a "mood' right off the bat. I know the food business and you have to leave all that attitude at the door. food was ok but a better attitude form the staff would have turned the place around. 
Ok we get that you don't serve Guinness, that's fine. maybe they are tied of explaining why but they don't have to be short about it.Service tonight was terrible. Two drinks were made wrong, no service for outside tables, and the younger bartender with the tatts is a total rude jerk. I wanted to throw the poorly made dirty martini in his face! The bill came handwritten- $15.00 without explanation of charges for each drink. Strange business practices and customer service is dead so... NEVER going there again.Everything is mediocre - the food, the beer list, the service. Do not come here on a weekend night unless you enjoy too-loud music and too-loud fratty fools. Like others have said, there are so many other places to go in this area, this is definitely a place to skip. Promise you're not missing anything.So the food was terrible!, and the beer was pricy! but the crowd was weird and funny. Definietly a strange dive to run into.
My Best friend and i were just up in philadelphia for a party and randomly got introduced to this place after a few pints at teh Good Dog Bar. Silly us, we should have kept our barside seats at the Good Dog. If your up for some weirdos and wanna pint pop in but its nothing special and really the service wasn't even that great.TVs and typical pub atmosphere with friendly service. Ordered the mozzarella sticks which were great. Had some beers on special which were fine. My boyfriend had the chicken parm sandwich and st james fries which he said were ok, maybe a little bland.The chicken thumbs are amazing!!! The bartender hooked us up with a bunch of different sauces to dip, and it was awesome. I usually sit at the bar or high tops with friends, and the bar staff is always very nice! I went for dinner once and can definitely say I prefer the bar food to the rest of the menu. But that being said, I still love going to Irish Pub when I'm out with friends looking for a chill place with good drinks, friendly staff, and the option of yummy bar food if we choose to partake.I have been coming to Irish Pub since I moved to Philly in 2010 and I have never had a bad experience. It's consistent, affordable, hospitable and Dustin is one of the nicest people I have ever met. He's genuine and you can tell he loves what he does. Next Friday, go to IP, you won't be sorry.If you are 22 or under this is the place for you. Your typical kids scene in Philadelphia - which isn't a compliment. Generic bar liquor selection and typical beer choices. Nothing to remember and nothing worth making another trip for. 
If you are over 25 this will be most likely be a once and done bar.The reviews for this place confuse me. In fact, I'd go so far as to say that the other reviews for this place are making me doubt myself. Could I be wrong? Is it possible that the food is actually bad? If I'm wrong, does that mean no one will pay attention to my reviews? Will people just click their tongues at me, roll their eyes and say, "Oh don't listen to him, he liked the food at the Irish Pub"? So for all of you people who are making me doubt myself... You make me sad. And a sad Jeff is a Jeff who does a lot of emotional eating. Now I want more Irish Pub; I hope you're happy. 
Seriously though, their burger was yum. Their parmesan chicken sandwich was yum (albeit greasy as all get-out). Their buffalo chicken sandwich was yum. Their grilled chicken sandwich was... well, like a grilled chicken sandwich from anywhere else, but that doesn't make it bad. Even their coleslaw was good (albeit minuscule), and I hate coleslaw. Is the food original? Neh, but it's still tasty. You'll leave full (assuming you're not a fat*ss), and because of all the attractive waitresses/hostesses, you'll leave fairly happy. Games are on all the TV's around the bar, and the patrons all seem chill. I've never had any experience here that could be categorized as out of the ordinary. Give the place a try, and if you don't like it, let me know so that I can subsequently find solace in a plate of french fries.They put on the ND game for me with commentary. Got to love the customer service.
The cheese dip is spicy and delicious. Maybe the chips are too weak and salty for this combo, but beer helps. 
I will certainly comeback. The beer is reasonably priced here for the location.Umm well it wasn't fantastic...but I feel like it has the potential to be. 
The beer I ordered was not something I liked, but that's not the bar's fault. I also ordered their Stew, and asked the bartender how big it was. He showed me a muuuuuch smaller size than it actually was. The stew itself barely has meat and potatoes, it was primarily vegetables. Delicious, but I wanted more meat and potatoes. 
The glass I got for my beer was cracked and had something floating in it. I asked for an exchange and the bartender obliged me. 
Overall....meh, but I would give this place another try.Great pub. Called the "Irish Pub". The name may Sound generic, but it's a legit place. Hardly generic.
Good food and great service, great draft beer selection as well as several bottles and cans.
Very nice neighborhood. I enjoy their salads immensely, as well as the chicken "thumb" buffalo tenders.
After 10:00PM, the food and drink menu is 20% off. I recommend this location to anyone.I would give the Irish Pub 5 stars for their chicken thumbs alone. I like to think I have a healthy addiction to them. You get 3 huge pieces of breaded chicken with the best chicken:bread ratio I've ever seen. The honey mustard is absolutely incredible and a huge selling point. If they sold the honey mustard separately, I would definitely buy a bottle. If you order the chicken thumb platter for an extra $1, you get steak fries which have the perfect amount of crunch and are also delicious when dipped in the honey mustard. I've gotten the platter as take-out and it's still just as good. 
I've also had a steerburger here and it was decent. I'd stick with ordering the chicken thumbs. If you're looking for basic pub food, the burger was good, but there are better burger options in Philly to satisfy a craving.
The atmosphere is nothing out of the ordinary. The area around the bar is usually crowded and rowdier, while the seated area is quieter and easier for conversation. It's not the most hip place to hang out at night and I probably wouldn't bring a first date here, but it's good for a low-key lunch/dinner or drinks with friends (I'll admit I go here more than I should because the chicken thumb cravings are real).These are the worst nachos we ever had in the city. We think they poured water on the plate. Each nacho was like a wet paper towel. 
Servers were awesome though. ; )Beer selection could have been better.
Pierogies were delicious.  Nachos were just ok.  
We came on a Sat afternoon and the place was very quiet.  The bar was pretty big which was nice and they had some good high top tables along the window by the street.  Makes for some good people watching.Unlike its brother 9 blocks up the street, the service at this Irish Pub is top notch.  If I'm around the Gayborhood--I pop in here for lunch.  
I'm not sure about the heavy drinking times--if it's as awful as the one at 20th street full of frat boys and other varieties of asshole, but I am not brave enough to try myself.Excellent veggie burger. Decent house stout instead of Guinness. Pleasant enough service. Loud TV or loud crappy music often keep me out of here. If you pass by on a quiet night, that veggie burger is worth trying.Food: 3
Decor: 2.5
Ambiance: 3
Service: 5
Value: 3.5
Service was very good, everything else screamed 'average Irish bar in Philly'.Maybe stop here if you want beer, but know that even though it's named Irish Pub they do not have  Guinness. The service was good, but that's about it. The waitress did an excellent job of making shit up when I asked about if the "braded" onion rings was a typo or something different. It's a typo, don't get excited. The atmosphere is exceptionally loud, and the space is poorly planned with a constant bottle neck at the door.Nope. No thank you. Very rude server. Even though it was completely empty, they had no time for us. Food was bad. This is the first negative review I've given and if it wasn't for the bad service I wouldn't have even made a review.Had lunch here. Let's just say, that I had a craving for more Fish and Chips all weekend. 
They were that good. Coleslaw was great as well. Tartar sauce was sooo good too. 
We sat at the bar. The bartender was so great! He was friendly, social and so knowledgable about The beers and Philadelphia. 
If we are ever in Philly again. We will be eating here again!!!2 stars b/c they don't have Guinness and the bartenders are rude. The little guy with the "loser/lover" tat is a twerp. He even ignored us when we tried to pay. I mean - we don't HAVE to pay if I don't want us too. Not sure I'll ever be back here.Cool place for sure.  Really great lunch specials.  I got soup and sandwhich for like $3.99 you CAN'T beat that at a decent place to eat.  Good service it was a late lunch and the place was pretty empty.  Good all around, cool stuff on the walls, love to see this place at night full of people.  Don't wear your good duds here its pretty chillax.  Nasty old bathrooms downstairs what an adventure!  I mean nasty.  I will make my way around to this place again, after I sample lots n lots of other places in my new city too!  It's been almost a year since I was here, so I want to go back and explore some more and refresh my memory.  Easy location to get to just hop off the subway and there you are.Food is ok at best, although their specials are cheap.  Lunch service is fairly quick, but there are better places to eat.  Haven't been here just for the bar in ages, the last time I thought about stopping by I didn't because they had a cover.This place is an Irish pub the same way on Finnigans Wake on spring garden is an Irish pub.  If you drink budwieser and miller lite this is your place.   They Don't have Guinness.  They don't have Smithwicks.  They have Murphys .  They play horrible dink dink music and frat boys with flip flops with shamrock tattoos are pounding soco and lime shots.  Plastic paddys central.
If you like all of this crap... this is your place.Went here on the Big Red Pedal Tours pub crawl and had a great time.  Good staff, good beer, great vibe.  The people watching on Walnut Street can't be beat.  Good place to meet friends for a shot and a beer...Honestly coming from a rich Irish heritage in Buffalo, this by far is the best Irish pub I could of stumbled on. Great to take any family member from young to old to enjoy celebrating good food and drink. We received our food in about 10 minutes after ordering. P.S order their local draft. And your gonna want the server to take a picture of your group to remember such a wonderful experience.The is a quiet friendly pub (at least at lunch time).  The service is prompt and friendly.  The lunch was a little above average pub-fare.There's really nothing that good or fun (although it's not the worst place ever). It's a bar. With OK beer. and OK food. and pretty crappy sports channel selections (no NFL ticket??). On weekends the people who go here are just OK. and everyone seems to have an OK time. See the pattern?
go to the bards next door. So much better in pretty much every way (except it has less space).Mediocre food and drinks. But you can't beat the price. Good place to hang out.I'm surprised that the food was so good for being an Irish pub.  Usually the food at a place like this is mediocre at best, but the loaded fries and the mozzarella sticks were delicious.  The atmosphere allows a ton of space for groups to talk and have a great time!Well while I certainly agree that not having Guinness is sacrilege, I really don't see what other people's problem is with the Irish Pub. Being frequenters of the sister location in our hometown of Atlantic City, boyfriend and I knew we had to come here to see how Philly's version stacked up. We were not disappointed!
The bartender was very friendly, got our drinks quickly, and offered us menus. He chatted with us, as did another friendly patron, about AC and some other stuff. Not gonna lie, I was pretty buzzed from 2 hours at a Yelp Elite Event and pregaming at Tattooed Mom, so Irish Pub would have really had to suck for me to not enjoy my time here. 
We decided we did need to order some grub, so boyfriend stuck with his standby of St. James fries (St. James Potatoes as they're called in AC, so happy to see these on the menu!), and I opted for a blackened grilled chicken caesar salad. We were both really happy with our choices: tasty, above-average, and reasonably priced pub grub. The chicken in my salad was moist and flavorful, I loved being able to taste the grill!! St. James potatoes were delish, as always. Actually, I think boyfriend and I agreed they were better than AC's version. They seemed fresher and were definitely crispier. We were also pleasantly surprised that you order your drinks and food from the bartender if you're sitting at the bar, and everything is on the same check! 
Madness! 
Madness? This. Is. Philadelphia!!!
In AC, even if you sit at the bar, you have to order food from a waitress. They give you a separate bill which you are expected to pay on the spot as soon as they bring your food. Philly's way of doing things was a much-appreciated digression.
One thing we were slightly disappointed by was that they did not have a gift shop like we do in AC. They did sell one type of Irish Pub tshirt, but it's one we already have. 
We enjoyed the drinks, the food, the atmosphere, and the bartender! We would definitely return!Horrible service. The bartender Dustin was completely disrespectful. We had a party of 7 that were the bride and groom, and closest friends of a wedding from the day before. We were all just trying to enjoy ourselves and continue celebrating.
The bar was not crowded and Dustin acted like we were inconveniencing him the entire time. If we had a question or an issue he rolled his eye, was sarcastic and make us feel unwelcome. When we asked to speak to a manager the hostess stated "no manager is on duty" which is NEVER the case in the restaurant/ bar industry! Everyone we dealt with was extremely unprofessional and rude. This was a day of celebration and Dustin and the rest of the staff of Irish Pub ruined our good mood. Good luck with this place. If the owners are smart they would get rid of Dustin- as a bartender myself, they are suppose to make everyone fell welcome and continue the party- he is losing you business!!Drinks are way overpriced for the type of bar it is. Plus it doesn't seem like there is much variety. Something about the atmosphere of the bar that doesn't draw my attention. I've been here a couple times and it's a consistent opinion. The food is just ok. Nothing worth gettign excited about. It seems like every time I go in there, that there is a softball team or people from some random groups there celebrating or just meeting up for drinks because they all have the same shirts on. Maybe thats just the crowd it was meant for.My boyfriend and I stopped into this pub after a day of sightseeing in Philly and had a fantastic experience. The waiter was friendly and attentive, and the service was fast.
The food was really good too. I ordered the black bean burger, and my boyfriend got the chicken thumbs platter, and we both thoroughly enjoyed our meals. 
I would definitely recommend this pub to anyone looking for a good, casual place to eat.I see many comments concerning the lack of Guinness and Smithwicks at the Irish Pub.  As I understand it, Guinness USA requires bars which carry its products to use Guinness glasses, install Guinness mirrors and other promotional products around the bar and generally impose a bunch of rules.  Go to any bar that serves Guinness and you'll see what I mean.  The Irish pub rejected these demands and that's why there is no Guinness (or Smithwicks, part of Guinness) served.Below average food and below average service for average prices. Go across the street to Moriartti's.I liked this place because the bar tenders are super nice and i always have fund when i go there. Be it meeting some random funny character, chatting up the bar tenders or just chilling with my friends. It's a go to place for me in center city. Plus there's no obnoxious bouncer .It's pretty common knowledge that if you can sit me outside or next to big windows that open on delightful 75 degree days, I'm happy.  I only venture here if and when our company has summer hours and we can lounge around 3:00 p.m.  When you get deep into Happy Hour or late night, it is CHAOTIC.  But for some wings or a snack and a few beers, I usually have a lovely time.  Wings are tiny though :(  Tenders are good.I put together happy hours and events for large groups each month. Came here yesterday afternoon as a second stop for a St. Patrick's bar crawl with 12 girls. It was surprisingly dead in here, considering it being St.Patricks weekend...The hostess, not very welcoming, and for some reason confused, told us if we were to sit at the bar tops we would have to be served... Fine, I comply to rules and we wanted to pay individually , So the 12 of us layer jackets across two stools at the bar... Another employee tells us we could sit at the bar tops to which I explain we were told we would have to be served and we would rather pay as we go individually. She said that's fine but you can sit at a bar  top. So we move.... The hostess, now seemingly pretty annoyed with the only group in this joint, rudely tells us we will HAVE to be served ... Hahahha ok... The other employee clues her in, to which seems to annoy the hostess and we get sharp glances as she takes back to her post...  We stayed for less than an hour. Atmosphere was dull, can't speak to the food but service was not ok. The bartenders also didn't seem too thrilled with us. Overall, weird experience.We had a hour and the place was dead. It took 45 minutes to get our sandwiches. I had to get up and find her to ask where our food was. When it come it was pretty good but when there's only 5 people in a restaurant the wait was ridiculous.Very good food, help can sometimes to be less then desired depending on who the person is. Other than that they are very accommodating.  Right across from  to Moriarity's who also has very good food. The have some of the absolute best burgers and samwhich'sHad food poisining due to their roast of lamb which wasnt more than basically a kebab served on a hamburger bun.The food was good. Service fine. Real complaint was the beer quality. Heading to the table scoped out the taps on the way passed the bar and saw Guinness. A pleasant surprise when the bar menu said Murphy's Stout! After a 3 week visit to Ireland, I was looking forward to a nice familiar pint. Unfortunately, it was the worst pint of Murphy's! Tasted like Guinness to me, my trusty companion, a true Guinness fan confirmed my suspicion. Waitress said that it was Murphy's. So either a lousy keg of Murphy's or truly Guinness on tap!Irish Pub is a standard Philly pub serving a few draft and bottled beverages.  They have outdoor seating which is nice.  I enjoyed my $6 strong ale though that was the only beer on the list I would of purchased.  I also tried the nachos with a spicy cheese sauce.  They were nothing to write home about, but they were definitely ok.A friend of mine and I ended up here heading back to our hotel after lunch.  We grabbed a beer each and left... then that evening, we returned with a group of friends who were in Philly for a wedding for our friend.
The place was packed, but they were able to find seats for 16 of us within few minutes (I guess a large group just left right as we got in), so this was a plus.  Our waitress was nice, granted she was losing her voice, but she did a great job of making sure we got our stuff and taking care of us.
From what I hear, this place is an institution in Philly, but as a visitor, it was another pub to visit.  While I would go back, I would give other places a try first.Considering the name of the business, they should have more Irish drinks. 
Often loud inside and overly expensive, the drinks/food are good and the staff has been excellent in my experience. 
I did have one bad experience where the bill was all mixed up - some things we didn't order were on it, and some things we DID order weren't on it - but the price was very close to what it was supposed to be, so none of us complained.
Definitely not my favorite place, but it's not bad by any extent.An Irish Pub without Guinness. That says enough (seriously, they don't have Guinness). And this is also a location where the pedi-cab things stop and let off hoards of drunk people.Cheese sticks are really good. The Manhattan and hot toddy were ok. I would recommend specifying your whiskey.  The atmosphere is good for groups, music is hip hop, and great on a Friday night before midnight.Super accommodating and friendly!
My friend and I stopped in here on a whim in the hopes that they would be showing (or, be kind enough to show) the college basketball game we wanted to watch. The staff gladly changed one of their flat screens to the game for us. Special shout out to Kelly and Colleen! They totally made the game watch experience for us. We ordered drinks and food throughout the game (solid Bloody Mary's, good beer selection on tap, and awesome wings).I went to Irish Pub to watch the superbowl. Very pretty restaurant. Lots of pretty girls.  Great bar if you're in the mood for a classy but casual atmosphere. The buffalo wings were good, but nothing special. They were crisp and drenched in buffalo sauce. 
GREAT customer service. My water glass was always full-- def a sign of a good service. The bar tender was great-- asked how we were doing at just the right times (when you don't have food in your mouth) and was really fast with drinks and food. And he had a good attitude.If you read my reviews then you know that a place like this is not really my scene.  I do not like loud crowds and beer is not my drink of choice.  That said, when you go to a place called Irish Pub, you know what to expect and you make the best of it.  We were actually planning to eat at El Vez but the wait was ridiculous and so we wandered.  I voted for Caribou Cafe but I was outvoted and we ended up at Irish Pub.
We were quickly greeted and seated. Our server was friendly and efficient.  The menu was varied and it was easy for everybody to find something.  I chose the Irish sampler.  I'm always a sucker for Shepard's Pie and although I'm not sure how pierogis are Irish, they were still tasty.  Likewise the side salad (the third part of the trio)  did not inspire me to speak with a lilt or order a Guinness but it was tasty enough.  My friends were all happy with their (less than Irish seeming) food and beer selections too.  Also the kitchen was fast to get our orders out.Nothing special but decent prices on drinks and quick service from the bartenders. I haven't had the food yet but there's a few items that looked pretty good when I saw other people with them.
There was enough room to grab a table and watch the games on a Saturday night without any problems so that's enough for me to come back again.Pretty typical irish pub. Service is friendly. $2.75 Yuenglings during happy hour! Can't beat that. Wings are decent.I never order chicken out.  The blandest fowl of them all (and, I can cook this boring bird at home). 
Enter, The Irish Pub's "Chicken Thumbs".
Hark, who goes there.. "Tis but I, Chicken Thumb, the most flavorful of them all".
Here, this otherwise offensive ornis is transformed to culinary wizardry thanks to: 
1. Large & moist tenderloin of chicken (not a fake flat frozen foodstuff). 
2.  Crispy crunchy exterior, to which I add lots of salt & pep.  
3. But best of all, a house made honey Dijon dipping sauce. Light, tangy, salty, sweet, secret cider vinegar reduction. I've asked to purchase for home consumption, if you're sweet to your server, she may ask the chef to hook you up.
I order this every time I go. Served w/ a side of good thick fries. 
They jukebox the music which seems to get people in a good mood...
The service is good & consistent, though I have my favourites.This bar is a nice casual place to go have a beer or beers and grab an appetizer or two to split with friends. Fills up decently even during the week.
Very friendly wait staff and bartenders, some of the best in center city. On Wednesdays you'll often see the miller lite girls or irish whiskey girls giving out free samples or t-shirts for drinking their beer. 
Chicken thumbs are very meaty. Loaded fries are steak fries covered with cheese and bacon and a side of ranch dipping sauce. Nachos are decent as well. Pretty darn good bar food. Buffalo chicken rangoon is an interesting concept, but 4 of them for $8 is no deal.
There are also a few seats outside, and a few by the window if you like to do alfresco dining.Murphy's pour told me right off the bat that this place was lacking. Service dispassionate and disaffected. Bartenders totally bothered about being asked to show a game, even though no one was watching what was on. Lethargic pub, crappy pour. How, in this town?