I'm always looking for a great cocktail bar that has that mix of great cocktail list and execution, unique, comfortable space, great food and fun crowd. This space had this with a great view and outdoor space. At first I was awed by the space- the bar design, lifted ceilings, textures which include some original school tile and vibe mixed with mid-century, colorful bohemian. You can't tell if the spray paint was original to the space or strategically added to add edge. We sat at a small table in plush chairs by doors that lead to the roof deck, so the view was great. The cocktail list was interesting. We each had two cocktails. The small plates were not just the usual fare- which was refreshing and not too refreshing. Everything was served hot and quickly. Special requests were accommodated-and delicious. There was not one food or service item that was not flawless. One of the cocktails I had was flawless while the other was a more 4 out 5 stars. I am super thrilled to go back. I have reservations for Friday at sunset. What a great spot!Came here Sunday night after visiting the Bok Bar and it wasn't crowded. Enjoyed the view from this side compared to the Bok Bar. You can see the sports stadiums, bridge leading to the airport, Navy Yard, and the Whitman bridge. Liked seeing planes takeoff and sunset. Food was Greek inspired, small bites and appetizers rather than a full dinner. Food similar to Bok Bar. Food quality was quite average for my taste. I had to stop by Estia for real Greek food and dessert. 3 stars for the nice view. Probably will not return again but not opposed to it, but will need to run someplace else for real food food.I was here last weekend with a group of six. We had a wonderful experience, from the front door through to dessert. The space is great, with the design maintaining the vibe of the Bok building, but adding some unique lighting and furniture to make the space a touch fancier and more refined. Love the graffiti on the walls and the bar made from old chemistry lab casework. 
We had drinks at the bar, and everyone was pleased with the cocktails. I made my way through three of the four Old Fashioneds on the menu and enjoyed each. At the table, we started with the Mezze platter, which left us each debating which item was our favorite. Between the six of us, we tried everything else on the menu. The roasted eggplant and haloumi and apricot salads were great, and for entrees the manti was a real standout. Overall the food was great, though some items, especially on the mezze were a little salty for my taste.
Between the food, drinks, and the vibe of the place, we will definitely be back. Great alternative to the crowds across the hall at Bok Bar.Irwin's was easily the most memorable meal of my summer. There's something magic in the way the personal service and cozy room combine with expansive views of the region and cuisine from halfway around the world.
I can't wait to come back here for winter sunsets and stiff drinks. This place is gonna be a Philly classic.Went here with two friends last Friday. Very polished and good attention to detail for a new restaurant, but I guess that makes sense from the folks who opened Bok.
Enter through the same clandestine elevator (which will be doubly fun in the winter) but instead of going left to the bar, you go right through a fanTASTIC vestibule onto the south facing deck. (Insane chandelier here. Do yourself a favor and look up).
We were sat immediately by a cheerful and friendly hostess. The setting sun was beautiful but was a bit too bright and before we could remark, she presciently came over and lowered the tall shades with a long hook. Good start.
Onto the food!
Everything was made to share, which was perfect for our group. Our server suggested splitting the Mezze board (which was a GREAT taste of every starter dish and a fantastic value. It's a ton of food). The hummus with fried chickpeas was rich and roasty and creamy and the baba was perfect with the Pita. 
Fried Olives? Excuse me? What? You're going to have to speak up over how excellent these things were. So satisfying - crunchy and salty with enough olive taste to sate, but not overwhelm. With the garlic toum (basically a whipped white cloud of garlic) these were a snack we don't deserve. Send more please. 
We shared the stonefruit and cucumber salad, and balled watermelon salad. I preferred the former though both were tasty. I'm a sucker for stone fruit :).
For mains, we split stuffed mussels, Manti, and Lamb two-ways. Stuffed mussels were fun to shoot -- they're stuffed with a currant rice pilaf, but the Manti was where it was AT. Something about the confluence of acidic lemon and tomato with the creamy cool garlicky yogurt, coupled with tiny purses of stuffed pasta and just the tiniest bit of grease - just enough to tie the whole thing together. Ultimate comfort food. Would make any Turkish Grandma proud. I would eat them until I died from eating them. Loved the lamb too -- four slightly-flat-meatballs pan fried to perfection. Succulent and with two different sauces. This lamb was not dry at all -- quite tasty.
Desserts were over the top. We got the Tahini salted brownie, thyme panna cotta, and baklava with rosewater simple syrup and two glasses of Madeira. The brownie was a big portion of fudgy chocolate with the tongue-workout-teeth-licking spreadable-yet-nutty-yet-thick tahini drizzled on top. After a bite of that and a sip of madeira, it was incredibly satisfying to turn to the creamy and subtle cool custard of the pannacotta. Drizzling the rosewater on the bun version of the baklava was fun, but the other two took the proverbial cake for me.
We had a few rounds of 'honest' (read 'boozy' and worth $12-14) cocktails and retired to the back roof to watch the city. Make sure to seek out the hidden bathroom with its own window. 
Worth every dime. Would go back.I was pleasantly surprised by this place!! The decor and vibe of the restaurant is really cool! They also have a huge deck (not as big as Bok bar) but you still get an awesome outside view! The food is delicious and the cocktails were so unique and tasted great! I will for sure be coming back!Good addition to the Bok establishment. Their food was top-notch and the wait staff even moreso.
Hint: use the same entrance to the Bok Bar, go up to the 8th floor but turn right instead of left.Amazing atmosphere. Located on the 8th floor of Bok, this cute restaurant has a chill feel with low lights. Great views of the city from the balcony/roof area. 
Baby friendly: Went for an early dinner with two babies under one year old. Lots of other parties with babies too. There's a good din and ambiant music to drown screams of vocal kiddos, but not so loud you can't enjoy your company. 
The cocktail menu is really good. My party had the French 75, the French martini, and the Prohibition (old fashioned). Each drink was craftily made. 
Definitely go for the grand mezzo. You get a good sized mix of all the appetizers. It was plenty to share between four adults. Staff was really great in bringing extra pita when requested. 
We had the haloumi salad, the eggplant salad, and the beet salad. All were good combinations and well made. I liked the beet salad the best. 
For larger dishes we went with the sea bass and the lamb meatballs. Both were good. The sea bass was better but a smaller portion. Only three pieces. The lamb had a strong flavor. 
We finished off with the brownie to share and two French press coffees. One order of coffee is enough for two or three to share. The coffee was strong but amazingly tasty. 
Overall very enjoyable experience. Can't beat the atmosphere.Wow! Just wow!  This place exceeded all my expectations starting at the free parking. Then being greeting by the doorman in the funky atmosphere of a closed down school. Next was the fabulous drinks and views while we waited for our table. We then ordered more food than any 2 people should ever eat because we wanted to try everything. We were not Disappointed. It was all great but do try the lamb and sea bass!This place was almost perfect, from the modern industrial decor, to the waitresses who dress and, very subtlety, act like school marms. The food is also good.  My favourite was probably the carrot fritters, but the lamb kofta 2 ways was also very good. My one big complaint was the noise level. It's already a space with poor acoustics that causes echoes. The music was loud enough to cause these echoes, and there were a couple groups who were yelling to each other over that noise, causing more echo. In the end it was hopeless to hear each other across the table with all the noise. Next time, I'll try to go on a day when the weather is nice, and sit outside instead.Irwin's Upstairs was the perfect place to dine this past Saturday night.  It was a rainy evening, so the rooftop areas were closed - thank god for this new, cozy, indoor restaurant on top of the former Bok School.  The ambience of Irwin's is hip, yet comfortable - with an eclectic variety of seating options and a great little bar by the kitchen.
We decided to dine at the bar so we could watch the top-notch bartenders at work. To start, the cocktails were out of this world. Our group ordered a few different types so we could try a good variety. My favorites were the tequila based cocktails - they were super well balanced and flavorful without being too tequila forward.
In terms of food, I have a gluten allergy, and while I prefer menus that mark what options are GF, the chef came to the bar and was extremely accommodating. Turns out, I could partake in most of the menu with only some slight modifications - I was very pleasantly surprised.
To start, we ordered the zataar almonds and the baba ganouj. Both were flavorful and made our group ready for our mains.
For our main courses, our eyes were larger than our stomachs and we ordered 3 different salads as well as the meatballs, the mussels, and the chicken. There was not a bad dish in the bunch. The salads all featured very fresh flavors and contrasting textures - the standout was definitely the stone fruit salad.  For the entrees, the lamb meatballs were my favorite - dense and delicious and not greasy!
The bartenders were very attentive and everybody was friendly.
Overall, this was an excellent dining experience and I can't wait to return!Irwins Restaurant @BOK Rooftop Is Excellent Food, Service & Cocktails. Quite Perfect for Families & Dates. Must Have The Fried Olives Along With Anything On The Menu. The View Is Just An Accessory To This Exceptional Restaurant. Come & Try For YourselfFirst visit last Fall was a 5 star experience- great drinks, great atmosphere, flavorful and unique food options, got to sit outside & lovely roof view. No problem with our 2 person reservation.
Brought a larger party (11) in last week for reservation that I confirmed multiple times through text and had called to check would be ok to keep at that time when I upped the number of ppl three days in advance. Despite it being an off-season night, we waited 45 mins for our table to be ready. Not apologetic about it either. The table setup left a weird, unavoidable & necessary gap between guests so the server could serve. I was put off by both these aspects (5-10 more mins and I was going to leave) but my guests took it in stride, enjoyed the view (luckily it was a nice night for early April and we weren't planning a full dinner so no one was starving waiting!) & drinks while we waited, then enjoyed the Grand mezze platters, apps, and tehini brownie before we continued on to another bar. Everyone thought the food was good & interesting. Server & service was good too- prompt and kind, so no issues there.
I'll go again because I loved it so much the first time, but definitely not with a big party. Not sure what happened, no other reviews mention this issue so I was caught off guard.Totally enchanting little gem in Philly. I enjoyed some apps and drinks here with a friend and the food was really good. Most of all, the atmosphere is just so fun and charming. I love how they redid the space, and if it were a little warmer I would definitely hit up the outdoor patio!It has a really cool feel to it, kinda like you're in someone's living room. The drinks are stiff and they aren't expensive. I'll definitely be back here.
This place sits on the opposite side of the Bok bar with a view that faces the Washington bridge and the Phillies stadium.3 stars for the view and vibe of the whole place, no stars for my bar tender and some of the staff. The view and the building are awesome, that's why Bok bar is my favorite but that's only open in the warmer months. This place must get very upset if people come without a reservation just to get a drink. The bar tender I had must have taxed my beer from what I saw and just rounded up. Tax my beer, fine, but don't just round up and not give me change, I assume if I paid with a card instead of cash this wouldn't happen. Other people had a different bar tender so it all depends who you get. I never felt welcomed without a reservation and won't be back but can't wait for their neighbor bar to open.I went to Irwin's for the first time yesterday. We had 5pm reservations (right as it opens). The elevator opens at the 8th floor and before we can step out, a man comes into the elevator and tells us we need to go down. We can not go into the restaurant yet. Mind you we got there about 5:05p. We told the man we have reservations and he very rudely told us we still have to go back down and wait atleast 10 more minutes. Right at that moment, another woman who works there let's us off the elevator and told us that we can wait outside the restaurant instead of going down. It was so confusing and disorganized. Everyone was rude and had no explanations for what they were telling us. Anyway... we finally are let in and I do have to say, the restaurant environment is pretty cool. Great views and vibes, but honestly it doesn't look like the owner did much to "spruce" the place up from the old school room it once was. It definitely gave a unique feel to the room but the seating wasn't very comfortable and I wasnt impressed by the furniture. The food we ordered was good but VERY small portions. The service was great and our waitress did tell us to order multiple dishes but the dishes weren't cheap. After getting our food, I was shocked at how little food we were served for what we were paying for. It's not like the items on the menu are particularly expensive. I ordered lamb meatballs, I got three smaller than golf balls, and they were close to $15! Literally for just three small meatballs. My biggest surprise was the "bread" that came with the hummus. I will say it was very good naan, but a very tiny piece. They asked us several times if we wanted more because we had a lot of hummus left over, so of course we said yes. We got two more pieces. Little did we know they were charging us $8 for the extra two pieces!!! The drink prices were a little steep but what you might expect in the city, so I would recommend going there maybe for a drink sometime and to catch the view, but I would definitely not recommend going there for dinner. Absolutely not worth it. Pretty disappointed.I went to dinner here for a couple of friends last night, and it was also my first time visiting the Bok building, which we were excited about. The ambience of the building, the rooftop, and the expansive view of Philadelphia absolutely did not disappoint. This would be a nice spot for a drink with friends, as it also had a pretty but comfortable atmosphere, where some groups were standing around chatting while other tables enjoyed a full meal. 
The food was alright-everything was a little on the sweet side for me, which I don't personally love. The falafel was also a bit salty. We ordered 4 or 5 appetizers and 3 of the larger plates for 4 of us to share, as well as cocktails and 1 dessert, which worked out about right. My favorite of the night was the sea bass and saffron rice, and my friends particularly enjoyed the manti as well. The waitress was accommodating and helpful with my allergies, which was greatly appreciated as well.Great food, great ambiance and view, great cocktails. Prices a little steep for the small portions (for the main dishes anyway). Service was extremely slow, but it's totally because they are understaffed. They had one waitress (who was good) waiting and bussing 13 tables! That's just crazy. I hope they hire more waiters! 
I would come back for the cocktails!My wife and I had a wonderful experience at Irwin's last night. The cocktails were unique but not overly complicated, the carrot fritters were fantastic, and the service was unreal. Special thanks to Jeanine and her colleagues. Jeanine gave us exceptional recommendations,  was fun to chat with and was one of the best servers we've had in a long time! We had a great time and will be back soon!Halloumi app was top 10 best apps I've had in Philly. The other two dishes were just subpar.Yumm-o! Great views. BUT lots of garlic (if ya know what I mean) *poop emoji* *wink emoji*Horrible meal!!! Don't go! Food was the worst! Service was horrible! Restaurant was empty!love love loved this place!  Bok Bar was already a fave because who doesn't love a rooftop with a view? but now Irwin's offers another cool option at the same location, also with a rooftop view just .. the other direction!  I've only been once but it really stood out.  the aesthetic is like a mid century modern thrift store but super cool.  lots of stuff to catch your eye.  the cocktails were awesome and the menu is full of interesting boozy concoctions.  the food menu looked dope AF too, lots of vegetarian items (!!!).  We were off to dinner right after but did go ahead and indulge in fried olives which I'd never had before. ummmmm YUM where have these little salty nuggets been my entire life?! service was great, as well.  cant wait to go back.The sweet potato hummus is a stand alone all star here. If there's one thing to get make sure it's on your table. 
After setting our Uber to the address of Irwin's we originally thought we were in the wrong place. Facing the backside of the school, the side of the building looked closed and dim, completely shut down with the exception of one inconspicuously marked door with the name plate "Irwin's" blink twice and you'll miss it. Nonetheless the nearly unmarked entrance created a heightened level of suspence and excitement for our ensuing dining experience. 
At the ground floor of the building, an attendant was available to give us help finding the right direction to the restaurant. Both the lead up and actual restaurant spaces were out of this world cool. Irwin's has an amazing atmosphere taking the original grifitied walls of the once abandoned classrooms updated with chic light fixtures furniture and plants. The views from the nearly floor to ceiling windows were also spectacular. Perfect date spot 
My only complaint about the service was that it felt like our waitress really was pushing cocktails and tried to pressure us to upsell. This felt a little uncomfortable but otherwise very attentive and friendly staff
We ordered the sweet potato hummus, corn fritters, chicken confit and lamb Kafka. For two people, this was well more than enough. The sweet potato hummus was very well balanced with sweetness and bitterness, topped with pomengrante walnuts and a dollop of yogurt, it was Devine!!
We personally felt everything else was tasty but not stand out. Although we didn't drink, it seems like the crowd comes for the atmosphere and drinks. All and all a very great experienceWent on a Saturday with reservations. The restaurant is located on the 8th floor of the old Bok high school. It's a best setup and really different. Our waitress was real nice and friendly. I got a toasted pecan bourbon to drink. We ordered the Grand Mezze. Definitely get that jawn. 3 of us loved it. For an entree I got the special they had, sea bass with cuscus. Food was good and the place was really cool. Check it out if you haven't been there yet. 8.9/10Favorite new place in the city. Came for a bday date dinner surprise. Staff were friendly and accommodating. Great food. Awesome service. Great view. Romantic spot for a special occasion.Beautiful new lounge space on the top floor of the Bok building that's feels both spacious and cozy. I recommend the fantastic mezze plate and light but flavorful Turkish dishes included stuffed mussels, falafel and watermelon salad. Staff were attentive and friendly too. Cocktails including my favorite the Golden Horn are worth the trip on their own. Loved it so much we went back a second time at sunset to eat on the outside south facing terrace.Irwin's is a very unique experience and one I won't soon forget. The setting and design of the restaurant is gorgeous and very comfortable.  It's all open so you can see the hustle and bustle of the staff moving about, but the acoustics are great and you can have a nice conversation.
I visited recently with a group of 6, so we were able to sample much of the menu; and we were not disappointed.  Try the rice stuffed mussels; trust me!
The service was on point and the drinks were delicious. I'd love to come back and sit at the bar next time. 
Irwin's is a must try if you're in Philly and looking for something fun, delicious and memorable.Impenetrable entry, unsigned approach and locked doors at every turn.  Easy to find when Bok Bar was open, now an inaccessible cypher.
Don't bother.
Update:  Received a response within a day or two applogizing for the difficulty in directing folks to this place.  Going to stop by in a week or two, and change my review and rating.Really nice time here. Went with my mom about a month ago. Our server was awesome, she was attentive and knowledgable about the food and drinks. The decor is also a cool, late 1960's mod feel. Lots of different veggies and smaller plates featured on the menu, but it still fills you up and perfect to share. Looking forward to coming back.The food, drinks, views, and waitress were all delightful and delicious. The hostess had to be having a bad night bc she was very rude the entire time! Hope things turn around for her soon.The food was absolutely delicious and the nighttime view of Philadelphia was simply stunning!  It was a freezing winter night in early 2019 when I first came here, but the interior felt warm and cozy, and the view made it feel like a very elegant and special experience.  I highly recommend the lamb kofta and stuffed mussels.In short, Irwin's is a hipster speakeasy restaurant that's bound to blow up in popularity and I recommend getting your early reservation now! PS: bring extra water.
Must get: chicken confit, baba ganoush, tequila-based cocktails
Missed out: lamb kafta
Meh: mezze platter, halloumi salad, sea bass
Irwin is the hottest name in Philadelphia right now, and while it's situated in the seemingly abandoned Bok building in South Philly, it is apparent why this gem of a restaurant hits all the rage buttons. Let's look at the positives, the almost 360 deg view of the city night light is breathtaking, the wall is decorated with graffiti and artistic drawing, and the bar has a speakeasy vibe with just the perfect amount of lighting and mystery. There are also multiple traditional and non-traditional seating, which is perfect for the tapas style dining if you don't wish to wait for a table.
I took my wife here to celebrate her birthday and made reservations online. While we waited for our seats, the front staff immediately seated us at the bar, introduced us to the environment and quickly grabbed us when our seats became available. Initially, the prices on the menu seemed very reasonable, but aside from the mezze platter, I must admit that the portions are quite small and overall incredibly salty. My favorite still remain the hummus and chicken confit, and the baba ganoush (which came with the mezze platter). We had wanted to order the lamb, but they ended up forgetting about that order and took it off our receipt. The sea bass was highly anticipated but fish tasted too burnt and the bed of saffron rice had a unsavory aftertaste that I left it uneaten.
I think with a much heavy heart that due to the excessive saltiness in every bite, I can't give this place a 5 star rating, but if you appreciate a unique ambiance, Irwin's got your back!
Food: 3 stars
Price: 3 stars
Ambiance: 5 stars
Service: 4 starsGreat food ambience and value.  Small plates to share.  We had all the apps and nothing disappointed. Service great too. Attentive. It not obtrusive.  Really unique place on top floor of a closed high school in a  south Phila neighborhood.The vibe is grown and sexy. The food is great and the cocktails are amazing. Love how the staff is very inviting,  especially the hostess Tanja. This is the go to spot and love the fact it's in south Philly.Spectacular views, great bartender and delicious tapas style dishes. The only small negative I could give was about the noise level in the restaurant. This notwithstanding it was a great night out with friends and look forward to coming to Irwin's again.So the view is a amazing, south Philly roofs and side streets.  The food was great and fair.  Falafel a little over done, the chicken confit fantastic.  Grilled cardamom caked a perfect ending.Stopped me at the front door and said i couldnt even see the place bc its sit and serve?!! I mean i cant even see if I want to eat here? I have to spend money to see it??? Just what South philly needs, another douche hipster bougie spot that doesnt want Black business. Sad thing is the hostess was Black!This is the coolest restaurant I've been to in ages. We stumbled upon it nearly by accident, after being casually recommended it by a friend working nearby. 
At first, we thought we were in the wrong building, as it is located inside an old school and we were certainly not expecting that. Take the elevator on up and see some of the coolest city views you've experienced in a while. The decor and ambiance was 10/10 awesome. The drinks were incredible. Service was lovely.
The only thing keeping this from being a 5 star review was the food. It was... really not good. Everything was under seasoned. A lot of the reviews here rave about the food, so perhaps the kitchen was having an off night, but as someone who REALLY wanted to love the food, I just couldn't bring myself to. It was not good.
Thank goodness for drinks and skyline views. We'll definitely be back when the rooftop bar opens up- just maybe next time we'll eat beforehand.Update: 5/5 - I was invited back to Irwin's by the manager for a round of drinks on the house. This time, our server Sarah was great. She checked on us very often and refilled our water every chance she got. She was very attentive and sweet. The servers also brought out a haloumi plate on the house as well, which was delicious! Will definitely be back again and again!Let me start off by saying that the decor and ambiance at Irwin's is five stars for sure. It is so cozy, vintage, cute, obviously repurposed, all at the same time. It was a really beautiful setting for our NYE dinner and I think it would make a great place for a classy drinks night or a nice date. 
For NYE, they did a $60 fixed menu that consisted of 4 courses essentially. The first being for the table and the other three were personal sized.
Grand mezze platter - contained their flatbread, garlic cumen chickpeas, baba ganoush, hummus, pickled and fresh vegetables, crispy olives, and carrot fritters. Everything on this plate was so good. Special shout out to the crispy olives which I have never had elsewhere before and the carrot fritters were amazing. We ate so much of this that we were pretty full/stuffed for the rest of the meal.
Roasted beets & cauliflower - I got this salad. It was good but nothing to write home about. Nice big cuts of beet though which I love. 
Others in my group got the pomme fruit salad and a radicchio type salad.
For my entree, I got the pomegranate roasted chicken (a smaller more personal portion of it compared to the regular menu item). It was also good and the pomegranate was a nice addition.
Others in my group got the manti which were very good and the sauce the little dumplings were in was very creamy and savory.
For dessert I got the panna cotta which was good (I'll never complain about a solid panna cotta). Others got the salted caramel brownie and the orange blossom baklava (both good).
Really enjoyed our dinner here at Irwins for NYE. It had a great ambiance  and the food was good. I'm not sure what their regular dinner service is like so I can't comment on that but I would definitely come back here for drinks and spend time at the bar or in the lounge/couch area.This was perfect for a late nite bite. The hummus with the pickled cauliflower & herbed pesto was so delicious. We ordered more pita so that we could get to the end of it. The baba ganoush was super fresh and the seeded crackers were very tasty. I really enjoyed the sea bass, it was perfectly seared & the oranges, cherries & celery were great, flavorful adornments. The lamb meatballs were just ok. I wasn't really a big fan, but they weren't horrible. The atmosphere is kinda swanky chic and our server Sarah was awesome! I'd def recommend giving it a try.So after 2 weeks of not texting me back, The Assassin finally tried to call me out of never hitting her up after my move down here. I kindly reminded her that I did...she soon apologized. Anyways, several options were given to me for dinner. The menu and reviews here stood out to me. So it's located on the same floor as Bok. We had a nice rooftop view. The interior was elegant and relaxing, as well. Cocktails were light and refreshing. Perfect balance of alcohol, sour, and sweet. We got the carrot fritters, which were amazing. Crisp exterior without too much breading on the interior. The haloumi dukka was amazing. I love cheese, and this was well made. The dates and nuts added great contrast to the tenderness of the cheese. We grabbed the manti, which were tiny little beef filled dumplings. The chili oil served with it wasn't overbearingly spicy. The lamb kofta was cooked well. So much flavor to the meatballs and the sauce. Great food and ambiance.My recent date-night at Irwin's was everything I wished it to be and more! It was definitely worth the wait! 
Fun fact: Irwin's is named for the architect, Irwin T. Catharine, who designed for The School District of Philadelphia from 1920 - 1937. He is responsible for over 80 school buildings in Philly including Masterman, Palumbo, Overbrook, and this stunning art deco inspired building, BOK!
This space located inside the (somewhat) newly repurposed BOK school is so eclectic. They left graffiti on the walls, kept some other original features and mixed it with mid-century modern pieces, lots of candles, greenery and a breathtaking, dramatic crystal chandelier at the entrance. I TOTALLY dig the vibes! Excellent design details! It's absolutely a place for a romantic evening out and an awesome addition to ever flourishing South Philly. 
We actually wound up switching our reservations to an earlier time to catch a movie afterwards and walked into the space just as an electric sunset was taking place. That unexpected bit of magic set the tone for the rest our our evening here. (Try to come for sunset! Between the outdoor space and all of the large open windows, you'll have an awesome, impressive view!)  
We were seated at a quiet, corner, candlelit table by large windows. It was perfect for cozying up and sharing these delectable small plates that are inspired by the cuisines of Turkey, The Mediterranean and the Middle East. The dishes that brought my tastebuds right back to some of my recent trips around the world were memorable...the sea bass, the lentil rice cake, the baked haloumi with dukkah, the sweet potato hummus topped with sweet pomegranates, even the simple the seeded crackers and perfect grilled pita. Everything was so flavorful and complex...except the baba ganoush. It just wasn't as smoky and garlicky as I'm used to or how I make it. Definitely not bad by any means, it just didn't have that punch I crave in the classic eggplant dish. Other than that, I would absolutely order all of the plates again. They were excellent. (They say 2-3 per person is recommended and I would say that's accurate. We left satisfied but not stuffed, which on a sexy date night, I feel is key!) 
The drink list is impressive. Unique beers, solid wines and cocktails ranging from classics to innovative. The cocktails we had were stellar! Their namesake, 'The Irwin', was strong and sexy. It was a deep with the walnut bitters and garnished with a thin slice of orange peel and a soaked dark cherry at the bottom of the highball glass. The pink 'Aviation' was a sweeter, lighter, more "girly" drink, shall I say. Both good. Very different. 
Our server was very welcoming and super attentive throughout the evening, and the hostess was kind and was gracious, snapping a few photos of us in the super cool space. 
It's really a special place, one I enjoyed immensely. It's reservations only and it felt very exclusive with the check-in at ground level and the guided elevator ride up to the top floor. 
Off season, just as they opened was a neat way to experience Irwin's (especially for the very first time) and when we could have the place basically to ourselves. I cannot wait to return. I would definitely like to come in warmer weather and sit outside, although popping out there on a chilly night was still spectacular as I believe this is the best views of the city. I would die if they started opening for Sunday brunch (Hint, hint if anyone capable of making that happen is out there reading this!). 
Irwin's is not for everyone as the portions are on the smaller side and priced higher according to effort, but it's certainly for us. I cannot praise Irwin's design team, staff and chef enough! 
Excellent date choice! 
*The parking lot directly in front of front door belongs to Irwin's and is free to use for patrons.I went to dinner at Irwin's on Friday night.  This was the 2nd time I've visited the Bok Building.  I think Irwin's is a wonderful addition.  I personally do not like the Bok Bar (especially because it only serves wine and beer and I can basically breast feed the crowd that goes there).  Service was very good from elevator/door man to the hostess and to the servers.  We had Jeanine and she was super.  
Food - 
The Crispy Olives were my favorite (and also my favorite castelvatranos).
Hummus was good but they definitely need to give you more naan for it.
Carrot Fritters - oh yeah, yummm.
Halloumi & Apricot - has always been one of my favorite cheeses and they did not disappoint.
They sat us at a table larger than needed for the four of us but it was a great spot by the window.
We went out on the balcony after dinner and it was a great view and setting.  
I would come back again.  It's just in an odd area where there is not much around.  But they did a great job on the space, food, drinks and service.Had a great dinner last night at Irwin's. This was my first time here and the space was really cool. The sun was setting during our 7:30 dinner reservation and it was absolutely beautiful sitting by the window. It was a little chilly to sit outside but the patio during sunset would have been amazing. 
For food we had the carrot fritters and sweet potato hummus to start. Both were great. The flat bread was more like a tortilla than a pita which was slightly disappointing. We had the Pomme Fruit salad and Lamb as our main dishes. Both were great!The food is amazing! The atmosphere is amazing! And the staff are rude and pretentious and it's almost like we are there for them versus they are there for us, I know it's Philly style service, but you really need to train your staff on how to be hospitable and kind and they are for the customer.   This will kill you and you cannot use the view and the atmosphere to justify bad serviceloved my time at Irwin's! Not sure which part I like the best- stunning views, gorgeous interiors, or the delicious food. My new favorite spot in the city!Just had dinner at Irwin's tonight. I can't say enough about how much I enjoyed the whole experience. 
I went more because I thought it looked like an interesting space to try, but the food was really outstanding. 
The staff was really pleasant. It was a great place to spend a winter evening. It has a very homey feel. I can't wait to go back and have dinner outside this summer!I found this place like a Gem because where is at and the vibe. I went w/ my boyfriend, we waited for everything, even tho we had a reservation we had to wait about 15 min to be seated then 10 to be taken for a server (she was nice) then another 10 for our drinks to come out (drinks were fantastic), as for the food nothing amazing, price too high for what we got, but definitely a place you have to go at least once. I'm planing to go back next summer as the terrace seems amazing.Amazing atmosphere on the top floor of the Bok. Cool space with nice decor and views of the city. I always enjoy sitting at the bar, but the floor seating did look nice also. Food was good and cocktails were really good. Mostly smaller plates with some larger ones. Good date spot for sure.A hidden gem! The lesser known place across from Bok Bar, it's got a Mad Men vibe and a view of the stadiums. We didn't eat but the hand crafted cocktails were great- we'll definitely be back!My husband and I came here for my daughter's 19th birthday. She specifically requested Irwin's so although I did not choose to come here I ended up really liking the place. We made a reservation online and it was very simple. 
It is just so odd to walk into a former Bok High School because it looks like it is still a functioning school (but it is not). Since this school was designed by Irwin who also designed many other Philly schools they all have the same "feel". 
Parking is a bit difficult because the lot that Irwin's and Bok Bar use across from the building was closed. The neighborhood is very typical South Philly so parking is not a forte for this section of the city. 
Both the restaurant and the bar are on the 8th floor. We opted to dine al fresco since it was such a nice day. Our server Jeanine (sp?) was super friendly, helpful, accommodating, and funny. I felt like I knew her from way back, she is that type of a person. Irwin's is very lucky to have her work there! 
All the food we ordered came out very good! My favorites were Carrot Fritters, Lamb Kofta, and Tahini Brownie! Aside from the awesome food and service, you have to come here for the view! The restaurant deck is a nice open space and the view is okay. However, just go across and go to the Bok Bar terrace, especially the night skyline view is amazing!My husband and I were looking for a late evening stop for some small bites and a cocktail. I ran across this place on the internet at what a fun surprise. The Bok building was so cool and it was entertaining to find our way to the top of the building. The restaurant at night has an excellent vibe (musics, lights, view, etc.) and was great for a date with friendly staff. We got the sample board of all the small plates which was vegetarian and really enjoyed it. Parking was difficult but that's expected in this part of town. I wish I was going to be in town for New Year's to enjoy the awesome view of the city!Beautiful views! AND FOOD AMAZING!   We had drinks at boks then walked across for dinner sitting st the bar- stunning views even from bar! Great bartender- Lizann- friendly knowledgeable.   Will be backA perfect spot to start or end the night. 
This dinner lounge is open all year and right adjacent to the popular Bok Bar - delivering views, chews, and brews!
We came here for a happy hour and I was even happier to know that there is free parking onsite available! 
As with Bok Bar, it's inside the Bok Building - a high school in its previous life.
Upon entering, we were greeted by the hostess and we made our way to the bar to grab a drink. The "bar area" and the formal dining space meshes together seamlessly which is nice aesthetically but confusing from a patron standpoint. Since there weren't many people when we had arrived, we thought to take our drinks to the formal seating area, but were told by a server that the hostess will had to lead us to a table. This got a little confusing since the hostess was sitting outside the doors and unaware of this responsibility. I think some general understanding of how the flow works would be helpful. 
Once seated (finally), our server was quick to hand us the menus and offer us water while we perused the menu. The menu is mainly Mediterranean inspired and I am here for it (so many veggie friendly options!) After speaking with the server, who recommended the carrot fritters, we also ordered some flatbread and hummus. 
The food came out pretty quickly, and the fritters were definitely the star. They came with a vegan, coconut dipping sauce which complimented the fritters well. I also enjoyed the hummus and ended up using that as another dipping agent after we had finished with the flatbread (the server was nice enough to offer more of the bread after we finished the first one - holllaaa).
The view here is awesome! We had come around sunset and it was a great way to enjoy it. The motif inside is open and urban. The large windows on the outside perimeter allows for great visuals - 'gram worthy for sure. 
I can see myself coming back here for a happy hour or night cap especially as the good weather starts rolling through!Table 52 is the worst table in the house. With your back to the hostesses you're just over hearing gossip, and without a remote view of the bar or the rest of the restaurant you feel like you're eating in the hallway. We asked to be moved and the only option was a table with plastic school chairs, no thanks. Luckily our server Connor was exceptional, otherwise we might never come back. Vibe was weak, music was good. Spaghetti was a bit salty but still delicious. 
We went with the chef's tasting menu and don't regret a thing! Timing was on point and the portions were perfect for two. Great prices for high quality food and wine.The view here is unbeatable. I think BokBar and Irwin's have the best view of the Philly skyline. 
Ambience is great - bohemian chic in an abandoned high school. 
Pricing was to be expected for a nice Philly dinner, not break the bank but not cheap either. 
Food was delicious - ordered the manti, hand pies, halloumi app and salad (big fan of halloumi), and carrot fritters. 
Everything was excellent - carrot fritters and halloumi & spiced dukkah were the table faves. 
Advise you make a reservation, get to the building a little early and hit up BokBar (same floor across the hall) for a drink and the view, then saunter in over to Irwin's for a delicious dinner. 
Will definitely be back.Actually horrible. Service bad. Food under cooked. Drinks weak as shit. Over priced. Portions are for a child. So disappointingLoved every minute of this experience. The decor is amazing. I would describe it as an urban chic lounge, with great attention to detail. 
The menu is very limited but everything we ate was delicious. The portions are small but fun to share.
We ordered the grand mezze: a variety of veggies/dips/ and small bites. My favorite was the carrot fritters and the garlic sauce. We were full from the grand mezze so only ordered two entrees, he lamb kofta and sea bass, both delicious.
The cocktails were great as well, I enjoyed the golden horn and the kiffie.
One con: I wish the couch area was more open to the public to sit and enjoy drinks. The seating arrangements are strict and seems that you need a reservation to sit in the lounge area.
I will be back for more!Irwin's is taking "old school" to new heights! To access the restaurant, one must find the nondescript side door of a former high school, then walk down to an old elevator and ride it to the top floor. There, diners are greeted with great views, bohemian vintage decor, a stunning art deco chandelier, and countless visual curiosities, including a semi-functioning analog scale in the bathroom.
The menu draws mainly from the Turkic aspect of Middle Eastern cuisine - the manti were well-made, super tasty, and surprisingly filling, and babaganoush was much closer to the loose, yogurty, spreadable mixture one finds in Turkish meze than the denser, chunkier, and smokier mixture of Lebanon and Palestine. (Caveat: we ordered the sweet potato hummus, but we tasted no sweet potato and a lot of eggplant so we're assuming they gave us babaganoush instead.) I also really appreciated that they brought out freshly baked flatbreads (more like pide than pita) whenever we ran low.
The pomegranate chicken was delicious, though the flavor of pomegranate was more of a hint than an actual discernible flavor. The grilled fish was well-seasoned but slightly too charred - a lot of our bites were very bitter. (I heard from my dining mates that it usually is much better though!)
Service was friendly and attentive, and the drinks were phenomenal. I would have loved to try more items on their extensive drinks menu! All in all, I'd come back with friends - the atmosphere is really lovely and Irwin's take on Middle Eastern cuisine is differentiated and well-executed enough to make it worth the trip down to South Philly.I ordered the Fritto Misto and got very sick on the way home and I called the restaurant and they said it's not their problem. The staff is rude and took forever with our order and it wasn't even busy. When I asked about our order, they said I could go somewhere else if I prefer...so rude. I will never be going back here againI was really excited to try Irwin's but it was not the experience that I was expecting.  
To start, we had a reservation, and the host wanted to sit us at a table crammed between a large party and a couple.  The large party was understandably pretty loud so we asked if we could be seated at one of the many empty two top tables that weren't directly next to it.  We were told that those were assigned for other reservations.  That was weird, and a little off putting.  The host told us to wait and she'd find us another table, we stood around for about 5 minutes before she seated us at a four top.  Which was again, strange. 
For our meal we started with the Baba Ganoush and the Pickled Vegetables.  The Baba Ganoush was pretty good, had a good flavor to it.  It was served with a seeded cracker.  The cracker was fine, though I would have preferred it with the flatbread that we got later with our chicken.  The pickled vegetables did not taste pickled at all, no real flavor there, they just tasted like some wet unseasoned raw vegetables. 
After that we had the Hummus & Confit Chicken and the Manti.  The Chicken was my favorite thing that we tasted that night.  The roasted eggplant and the hummus paired really well with the chicken.  This was a well thought out dish.  The Manti was good, but I couldn't help but miss my, now closed, favorite Turkish restaurant (Star Manti) with every bite. The Manti was good, just not as good.
I don't remember specifically what drinks we had, but they were pretty good.  I liked that they had a bottle of Diplomatico Rum.
The view is nice.  There is no denying that, though the view at Bok Bar is arguably more impressive.  People seem to really make an effort to get here for sunset.We came here on a fluke. Our son was having soccer practice in the gym. This place is one of the coolest places in the city. The view from the terrace is great. The ambiance is like something you would find in NYC. The food was great. We had the mezze platter which was enough food for us for our dinner. Hummus was great. The deep fried olives, as said by others are phenomenal. Service was very attentive. Definitely worth a stop by.Upon a suggestion given by my sister (who lives in Philadelphia), she suggested that we (meaning my sister, her boyfriend, my husband and I) go to Irwin's for Sunday brunch.  Irwin's is located on Mifflin Street in a diverse urban area.  When you enter the building, there is gymnasium to the left and some long hallways (the building to me somewhat resembled a school).  Irwin's is located on the 8th  floor of the building.  Irwin's is very hip and has  an artistry type of feel to it.  There is graffiti on the walls, sofas with overstuffed cushions and pillows, round and squared shaped tables and a circular bar off to the left.  There are also large windows in the back of the restaurant that provide spectacular views of the city.   The menus we were given for brunch were limited in their food selections and we were also given a separate drink menu that included a variety of alcoholic beverages, wine and mimosa options.  When I scanned the menu for food, I noticed they had lemon waffles served with pistachios, whipped cream and pomegranates; I quickly chose that because, who wouldn't?  My waffle was absolutely amazing and my sister, her boyfriend and my husband loved their food as well.  I recommend Irwin's if you are ever visiting the city of Philly.  I don't think will ever find food this good and unique back home.I have been to Irwin's before for drinks, but recently dined here for the first time. The ambiance and interior is awesome- so airy, hip, and can't beat the view. Service was good and our waitress was friendly. 
Food wise: food was good, not amazing. 
Best things were: carrot fritters, seasonal grilled vegetables, and halloumi and apricot salad. The salad was pretty small but fresh and different.
Pretty good: red pepper hummus served with warm flatbread (ask for extra because they only bring you one piece), lamb kofta (very small for the price and comes with no sides, but tasty)
Don't get: falafel (dense and bland) 
We got the brownie for dessert and it was okay. Would have been way better with some ice cream. 
Overall, it was a good dinner and I enjoyed our time. Extra perk to be able to walk right over to Bok after and not wait in line for the elevator up.First time here. Had a great dinner. Was celebrating a birthday. Was not aware of a no smoking policy on the roof top. Was abruptly interrupted by management to promptly extinguish. Overall nice play to hang. Ordered the Manti dumplings and they were very small and covered in yogurt. Also ordered the brownie dessert with tahini and the top of it was covered in sea salt. It Was very dry. Also ordered the cardamom cakes and were disappointed in how unsweet they were. They were also charred and dry. Overall, I would say between the appetizers and cocktails, I would be back.Really great location and decor, with sweeping views of Philly and comfy velvet seats. That being said, we came for food not Instagram. Instead of sitting at a regular two-top table, we were seated for dinner at a tiny low side table and two lounge chairs. Service was poor, we had four separate people (hostesses? Servers?) who took our orders and brought food, but we were never sure if we had actually placed an order and we were asked at least three times for our orders by three different people. I was brought the wrong cocktail, and then it took 10 minutes to find a server to order a glass of wine. Service aside, I'm giving this three stars because the food was delicious. Highly recommend the sweet potato hummus and the lamb kofta. The cocktails (when you get the right one) are good. I had the new wave old fashioned and it was fantastic. All in all: great food, terrible service.The entrance is on Mifflin street across Southwark school. There's a staff giving direction in this big building. The elevator is nice and clean although the ride to 8 floor takes forever.
The restaurant is nice with original grafitti. The chandelier is beautiful. On the deck you can see the view of south Philadelphia.
The waitress is very helpful and friendly. Knowledgeable on the menu item. We had baba ganoush with warm flat bread, chicken chicken cheese confit and lamb with eggplant. Portion is small. Everything has great flavor , well seasoned .
Baklava is a must. The syrup is poured on the table. Very crispy and fresh. The tahini brownie is another good dessert option.
Brunch is available on Sunday morning.
Kale salad with chopped apple and pear is very good. The fruit is cut in small dices. The dressing has perfect acidity and sweetness, perfect compliment to the salad.
Lemon waffle is highly recommended. It has buttery flavor but the lemon and yogurt make this waffle not a heavy meal.
Turkish breakfast is very interesting and unique. It's served on chopping board consisting sausage, spicy olives, chocolate tahini spread, fig jam, goat cheese, arugula, eggs, and crusty yet moist sourdough bread. It's a good breakfast experience.
My  husband had Bloody Mary and Bloody Cesar and both are ok, not impressive.Awesome drinks and amazing views.  Book your reservations early. Staff is highly attentive and the menu if fairly diverseFantastic atmosphere, from the mysterious entry
through the abandoned hallways and up into the graffitied 50's dining space.  The vibe is energetic, friendly and fun. Our waitress, Jeanine, made us feel part of the party.  Food was superb. Our party of 6 had the vegetarian meze platter, roasted chicken with pomegranate and roastwd whole branzino. All were succulent flavorful and dreamy.  
Doesn't get better than this. .If my review was based solely on the cocktails, view and ambiance, then this is a 5 star place.  The decor is beautiful and doesn't detract from what the building really is.  The view is incredible and worth it for sunset and a cocktail.  Now onto the food.  I've eaten here about 5 or six times since they've opened and I'm surprised that they haven't changed anything up.  The menu feels stale and I think using "mediterranean" as a description is too broad.  The food lacks seasoning, completely and totally.  I want to like the manti more but they clearly did not salt anything and the sauce is way too sparse so you get sort of gelatinous mini-dumpling that has no flavor with random sprinkles of chili oil.  The hummus is fine but again, under seasoned.  The carrot fritters and crispy olives are the best things I've had there but it feels like too much fried stuff.  Nothing has changed since it's opened and I'm sure I'll continue to come for happy hour.  I'd love to see the menu revamped and someone to purchase salt for the kitchen.  I really hope they get the food together because if they do, it will be one of the best places to go in the city. Right now, it's just one of the best places to grab a drink.Gorgeous rooftop view, cool interior that used to be a schoolroom, and a hip vibe. The portions are certainly small for the price but some were such standouts that it made it worthwhile. The two dishes that hit it out of the park were the tuna appetizer with beans and roasted pepper and the gnocchi sardi with eggplant and chili. That pasta had incredible umami from the roasted garlic and eggplant. Just incredible. Can't miss either one. And their olives as an appetizer were deliciously marinated as well! Overall nice evening.Been wanting to try Irwin's since we loved Res Ipsa, but it's completely different (res ipsa was a cafe with great food).  Irwin's has a great ambiance with poor food.  
Service and Ambiance are very good.  But food was not pretty bland, small portions, and pricy!  my wife and I shared 6 half pastas and 2 appetizers and left hungry after a $200 bill (with wine).  Pic of the Orecchiette below, looks great but incredibly bland and basically paying $1 per "ear"Loved the views!  It's in an old school.  Even some of the chairs were grade school chairs.  I thought it was quirky.  Didn't bother me at all.  We ate inside because it was chilly outside.  
The service was great.  Thank you, Seth!  Funny and kept us entertained and informed the entire time!!!  He was very patient also since we were so indecisive.  
We tried a lot of the menu.  Everything was delicious.  Olives and squash appetizers.  Mushroom pasta (the best), eggplant gnocchi, spaghetti and clams, spaghetti and sardines, orecchiette and squash.  The broccoli rabe and fennel salad sides.  So filling!  
Just a few general comments.  I've never seen this on a bill.  I ordered Makers on the rocks.  The bill showed a price for the Makers and then a $2 charge for ice.  Not a big deal but in my mind I'd be more comfortable paying for a $14 drink vs. getting charged $12 and then $2 extra for ice.  Maybe it's just how my brain works!! Haaa!  
The restaurant has a lot of restrictions/extras.  Parties of 5 or more must do the $70/pp tasting menu.  They charge a $30 fee for cancelled reservations.  Not sure if it's per person.  They add a 2% health insurance fee to the bill.  
I don't think it's the friendliest for food allergies.  Our server was terrific.  However, the guy who brought out the appetizer said it had pine nuts when in fact there were almonds.  I knew not to touch it from the menu description.  And there were no dessert options for me - nut and chocolate allergies .  Again, our server tried his best and at least put the ice cream on the side so I could have something.Really really yummy food. Portions were a bit small so ended up doubling some because they were so good. Had the carrot fritters, fennel salad, falafel & this rice can't they had on special (ask about the rice cake!) and it was all very delicious. Amazing ambiance, great place to take someone from out of town.Celebrated my birthday at Irwin's, and oh my! Fab food, service and atmosphere. Have already recommended to others.
They even offered up complimentary champagne to toast my day.
Great place!!!I love the vibe here. You enter an old, run down establishment. You take the elevator to the top floor and it opens into a hallway. To the left is the Bok Bar and to the right is Irwin's. The restaurant has a laid back cozy vintage feel. There is an outdoor seating area but it was closed when I went because of rain. Our server walked us through the menu and had a backstory for the appetisers and the beverages we ordered. We started off with the eggplant with bread and the octopus. They both were amazing and the octopus was not over cooked or chewy. I wish we had gotten more bread because there was a bunch of eggplant left over without any bread (will definitely ask for more next time). For our entree, we ordered the bucatini and the pesto pastas. I would say the appetisers were better than the main course. The pesto was good but a little dry but still very flavorful. For dessert, we got this peach and pistachio dessert with cream on top. I loved the experience. I'm bringing whoever comes to town here. Loved it.Had an awesome dinner at Irwin's tonight with my wife. Highlights were the Fritto Misto, Asparagus, Orecchiette, Broccoli Rabe, and Chicken- all excellent. Delightfully friendly and kind staff made the whole evening really enjoyable. And of course the view. Thank you for a great night out!