I think Jack's has the right to claim its hoagies as "the best in the free world". They really are that good.
They use a firm crust bread that has sesame seeds. While slightly crunchy on the outside, the inside is perfect. Somehow, the roll manages to keep itself from getting soggy this way. I got the Italian, and the meats were fantastic! They were well-flavored and had that fresh deli texture. The lettuce was not shredded. The provolone was crumbled into small pieces, but its sharpness added a suitable kick to the sandwich. The tomatoes were good. Overall, the hoagie was perfect. I have yet to eat a superior one. Service was nice, and they took debit. Their steaks fries are also tasty, if not a tad spicy.Made a big mistake and went to Jacks Place on 7167 Hegerman Street.
And only got one amazing Jacks Roast Beef Special for a long holiday weekend.
Rookie move. Always have backup. Bob M.Jack's is the BEST!!!  I used to work in Philadelphia and would drive out of my way to go to Jack's.  Its a little hole in the wall place, very deceiving!  Now I no longer work in Philadelphia (and I live across the bridge in NJ) and when I am even remotely near Jack's, I have to stop in!  My favorite is the mixed cheese.   We all know the roll makes the sandwich, and theirs are the best.   I've also had their pasta and potato salads, very good.  And the last time I checked, they stocked my favorite black cherry soda which most places don't have.Good food ran by decent people. They usually know my Turkey hoagie and wings lol. I haven't stopped by in a while. Good local foodI hate to be the one to bust the 5 star rating. But I just can't give it a 5. Good food got the lunch special, which very fair proceed, but they didn't have every thing on the menu.This is my favorite hoagie place in all of Philly...been coming here for close to 30 years and they are still the BESTFound on a nondescript corner block away from traffic off Torresdale is this oasis of a hoagie shop. That's so much more. 
I had the grilled chicken with broccoli rabe and provolone that was THE best I've ever had! I got the half hoagie which was a monster of a hoagie. It felt and looked like a full hoagie to me. I have to admit that the hoagie was so big that the ends only had rabe and cheese. But those two alone were so good that I wouldn't have minded eating just that, the cheese, rabe, and the hoagie bread. 
I've also later tried the Downtowner Italian hoagie. I thought it was a bit too salty. I think the combo of olive spread and the cured meats was a bit too much but I enjoyed every bite out of it. It just gave me an excuse to eat it with a beer. That made it a nice combo. 
This place has now become my all time favorite hoagie shop in Philly. 
PostScript: Jake's Place is run by the nicest people. They also have soup specials, side item bar, and fried stuff like seasoned fries and beer battered onion rings and hot wings.Every sandwich I have gotten here has been nothing short of outstanding! They being:
Original Italian Hoagie- best I've had. Great quality meats & sesame chewy roll.
Italian Tuna Hoagie- just olive oil tuna, sharp prov & red roasted peppers; that's all it needed to be delicious.
Jack's Special  Oven Browned Turkey- w/ house made scrumptious turkey (not dry), broccoli rabe, sharp prov & long hots. Amazing flavor/texture.
Veggie Sandwich- w/ fried eggplant roasted peppers.spinach, sauce & cheese. Does it get any better than this ? I don't think so.
Gotta try a Chicken Cutlet or Grilled Chicken sandwich next.Jacks Place is hands down the BEST hoagies ever created. The amazing ladies of Jacks Place are some of the hardest working folks I have ever witnessed but always have time for a smile and hello.
Well worth the hour and 20-minute round trip drive.
Don't be fooled by the exterior, this building houses gold. Jacks Place is Philly. D' ja eat yet? No jou?
OK let's go.Best in the free world indeed!  You will never have a better Italian hoagie in your life.  The olive spread is what separates them from everyone else.  None of the oil/vinegar/mayo BS.  My mouth is watering as I write this....Sandwich Nirvana.  If you want to taste a real Italian hoagie, try any of the wonderful varieties offered at Jack's.   I can't believe I lived in this neighborhood for three years before I tried this place.  It lives up to its sign - really as good a hoagie as I've ever had, and just the smell of the place is enough to get your appetite going.  This place will show you just how amazing a sandwich can be.  I wouldn't have believed it either but holy crap!  I still like nearby Fink's for some of their specialty hoagies but for a straight out Italian sandwich you can't beat this place.Great god damn sandwiches. But Jesus Christ, the banker's hours are ridiculous. How can you not be open at 6PM? That's dinner time!I've lived in Philadelphia for 60 years.  I've been eating hoagies, pizzas, & cheesesteaks for at least 58 of those 60 years.  So I've tried many places for these items.  Over the years, I've noticed the decline in the ingredients, while prices rose.  Today I ordered 3 different sandwiches from Jack's Place.  The Old Country Italian hoagie, Roast Beef hoagie, and a Cheesesteak.  Myself and 2 other household members tasted all 3.  We declare the sandwiches excellent.  Good quality meats and cheeses, fresh vegetables, and delicious rolls.   FINALLY!  Now that I reside in Mayfair/Tacony again, I've finally found a good go-to place for a great sandwich!  Try them, they're excellent!GREAT GREAT GREAT Sandwiches here and I'm hard to please when it comes to Sammies!!  Rolls are Best around and the quality of their items is amazing for a corner store!!  HIGHLY recommend and I promise you won't be disappointed!  EnjoyI have been living about 2 miles from this place all my life. I'm not sure why I just found out about this shop but I'm glad I did. The best shop the the NE. And that is saying something, there are a lot of great shops in the NE.I just heard about this place, so I went there on my lunch break to try the Downtowner Italian Hoagie. (dried cured capicollo, prosciutto and sharp provolone). 
The place is a little corner store in northeast Philly. There are no tables, so it's take out only. They also offer free delivery with a $10 min. order). There were four other customers ahead of me waiting on their orders, and at least half a dozen people behind the counter. This place is doing a very brisk business, and considering it's NOT located on a major road, that's a good sign. The locals know where to find the best, and they are coming to Jack's in droves. 
I ordered my hoagie with oil (mayo is a blasphemy on an Italian hoagie), lettuce, tomato, onions and hot peppers. I only had to sit down about five minutes and my sandwich was ready. Now on to the food....
My hoagie was bursting with flavor (due in part to the hot peppers, which were absolutely fabulous). The lettuce and tomato were fresh, and the sharp provolone was crumbly and delicious. The meat was also very flavorful, though the dried cured capicollo was a bit tough. I guess that is to be expected, really. It's dried and cured, after all. The roll was outstanding. Hard and seeded. I don't know the name of their bakery, but I think it's the same roll used by Fink's, another place that makes fabulous hoagies in the northeast. The toughness of the capicollo is the only reason I don't give this five stars, though honestly, it comes very close.
I definitely plan on going back soon to try some other sandwiches, and I have a feeling that Jack's will earn the fifth star on future visits.Best italian hoagie around rolls are awesome and cheesesteaks are great also. Quality meatsI have been coming here for over 12 years. Everything is great.  Suck a fan of the hot peppers. Dad service and I love the staff. When I call they know exactly what KESHA want lolBest hoagie, best owner, best soups. I LOVE this place, and wish I lived closer. The spread is amazing, and the careful attention to detail gives them the extra star. Amazing.Alright lemme put it this way - I actually like when our tenants call for repairs b/c it gives me a reason to drive to Mayfair so I can get about 6 metric tons of Jack's hoagies. 
I love how they don't fry the chicken for the cutlet/rab/sharp provolone ahead of time. They do it after you arrive. He refuses to put out food that isn't fresh and perfect. If you want fast crappy stuff then go somewhere else.
Last time I went, I was wearing old pants. They split as I got out of my car. Right up the ass. Butt hanging out now. Did I still go to Jack's? 
Damn right, homey.
Ordered my food, sat down ASAP in the chair by the register so no one could see my bum, got my food 10 min later, and walked out feeling the breeze and smiling like a butcher's dog.
4 feet of sandwich perfection and cold air on my ass. Feels good, man.Jack's really does have best hoagie in the free world. That is not false advertisement. I have to agree with the reviewer who said that once you have Jacks, all other hoagies pale in comparison. I can't bring myself to get a sandwich from anywhere else. The Jack's Special turkey is life changing. Not kidding, life changing. The seeded roll, the fresh turkey, the (best) long hots and broccoli rabe..incredible. In fact, I'm placing an order right now, my summer bod can wait.After hearing so many great things about this place on yelp and elsewhere I finally checked it out. Had original Italian and it was excellent. I used to be a vegetarian; but sandwiches like this make me glad I'm not any more. I don't eat meat hoagies often, but when I do I'm grateful to find a place as good as this. On par w/ Primos; much better quality than nearby Marinuccis and Finks.
Everything was top quality, the roll, meats ,cheese, GREEN lettuce. onions,oil.The place  is clean and my order came out fast. Smelled good when you walked in; like fried chicken cutlets and other Italian goodies. All- women staff were friendly. 
Didn't even see the second side of menu; All types of chicken, seafood, veggie sandwiches, salads, etc.Next time; and there will definitely be a next time, I'll try  a couple of other types of sandwiches.
Sorry to see nearby Espositos still on Torresdale Ave closed. Hoping it was just too early (about 12:30). The perfect Tacony trifecta would be a sandwich from Jack's Place, a steak from Chinks and a water ice from Espositos.I stopped in today to examine the original Italian hoagie that received so many good reviews, I also got a turkey.  First I must say this might be the best Italian with sharp provolone that I have ever eaten,  I'm dancing while I eat, second my wife and kids really enjoyed the turkey also.  We are now new customers to this place,  great job Jacks....The only words I can come up with to describe Jack's hoagies, especially the Original Italian and the Downtowner, is Taste Bud Orgy. I've had pretty much every specialty sandwich on the menu and they're all phenomenal too.Jacks Italian hoagie is the perfect food. Absolutley the best thing I have ever eaten. Lets go layer by layer actually and dissect each one .
Roll, non traditional, slow cook for seven hours and covered in sesme seeds, on a hoagie? On this hoagie hell ya! The roll has a soft center with an increasing crustiness in multiple layers, sandwiches last for days with out loss of roll integrity.
Spread, olive spread, tangy oily herbacous, good stuff
Cheese, crumbled dry provolone. Great flavor and texture it hads to the hoagie
Meats, several different salamis, I would say sopperasotta and genoa, cappicola, 
Fillers, lettuce, only a little, crisp, onions fresh, same with tomatoes.
Finishing touches, oregano, 0il, vinegar, S&P
The thing thats brings it all home is the sweet peppers, DO NOT FORGET THE SWEET PEPPERS!
What else can I say but Bravo Jack, Bravo!Just googled Jack's to get the phone number because it's Saturday and time to get the best hoagie I've ever had.  Yelp came up in the search so might as well give Jack's the credit it deserves since it doesn't have many reviews since you yuppies are huge pussies scared to go to Tacony.
I haven't eaten all of the famous hoagies in town but I've eaten a lot of them and Jack's is worth the trip in the car.  No one's gonna shoot you either so don't be a baby.  I get 2 whole hoagies for myself every time I order.  Can't help it.  No fat jokes.  
EDIT TO ADD:  I ate two whole 2 foot longs -- as in each sandwich is TWO FUCKING FEET LONG (yeah that's right) -- in under 24 hours and I'm not even sorry.  I don't share Jack's so nobody else got any.  They can get their own.  Try all those imported Italian cured meats with Jack's homemade olive spread on a Sarcone's roll and you won't make fun of me.  
The chicken cutlet/rabe/sharp provolone is the best I've had in town too.  The rabe isn't pungent like that shit you get at DiNic's.  It's sweet and just a bit spicy.  I could eat a whole one again right now but they're closed at 4:46 AM so I'm going to have ice cream.
Jack's hoagies competes with ice cream.  Think about that.I had ordered from this place and i noticed that something was wrong i got so sick from the Italian tuna salad and the chicken was under cooked the place was ok but I wanted to try it and I did.but am sorry I will not be coming back to this place.something else might be good .but am not going to put myself out there like that.If you like Subway, stop reading now!  Jack's Hoagies are what all other Philadelphia Hoagies aspire to emulate.  The 'Downtowner' is a favorite, with extra long hots...of course, and his Roast Pork is easily a match for Tony Luke.
Go here.  Eat Hoagie. Be Amazed.Very disappointed in Jacks Place. I was really let down.
By 3:30 on a Thursday afternoon they were out of the main ingredient to make my regular favorite, the Jacks Roast Beef Special.
I was forced to order a Cheese Steak (fried onions), a Jacks Turkey Breast Special along with an Original Italian (light mayo) and a Jacks Pork Special just to get over the trauma.
Tip of the day; It's all amazing and fresh but eat the Cheese Steak on the way home (It's still hot n' you don't have to share). Next eat half the Pork Special and sample your wife's Turkey Breast Special w/extra broccoli rabe. (I have a long ride) Finish with half the Original Italian to get in your veggies.
That leaves 1-half Original Italian and 1-half Pork Special for breakfast. 
That holds me over until 10:00 AM when Jacks Place opens and I can get a Jacks Roast Beef Special. 
See ya tomorrow.
Bob M.This has to be one of the toughest decisions I'll ever have to make.
     Jack's Place & Primo's are neck & neck about the same in quality & freshness in an excellent Italian Hoagie. It's pretty hard to decide which one is better than the next. I'll have to call it dead even in taste & freshness.
     I always order the Italian Hoagie & I'm never ever disappointed. I'm just glad that their both still in buisness because they will always get mine.
    The roll really makes the hoagie. Don't you agree ? I can't say enough about the roll. I just wish you could buy them at your local supermarket. But, in the meantime, I'll just continue to enjoy some of the best damn Italian Hoagies money can buy !!!Awesome. Great, fast service. Great value. Had the original italian. Nice crusty bread (with sesames), tons of flavor, half size is quite large and filling. Wife had roast beef--also delicious. Son had five chicken strips which he loved; made with real chicken breast. Complimentary and generous portion of pickles. The honey mustard sauce for the chicken fingers was fantastic. I can only rave enthusiastically about this place. Will go again. Note, no seating inside. This is one of those times when all the five stars on Yelp truly reflect the quality of the product.Once again JACK'S PLACE was outstanding. We had the veggie hoagie, also downtown and original Italian hoagie they were all awesome with the long hots on the fried onions rings. It was nice having a conversation with Jack while I was waiting for the food since I haven't seen him in Long time. Definitely the best place to get a hoagie in the whole state of Pennsylvania and New Jersey. Since I go there least once a week for his food and can't wait to eat it. Because I know it's going to be outstanding.Second week in a row, no hot roast beef or pork. Unfortunately I waited for 20 minutes last week, after I ordered,  before I was told. Will call ahead next time.What can I say about Jacks Place. Let's see it's awesome,  best hoagies in Philadelphia, I been going there for 20 1/2 years. Jack has mellowed if you ask for mayo he tell you leave and never come back, yea that right you heard me. Now you can get away with it but it's only rueing the hoagies. Specially hoagies are the ones to get and get olive oil on it. Roast pork hoagies great to hot roast beef are outstanding. Make sure you get hot peppers there too. Also grilled chicken broccoli rube are so good . The rolls come seeded sercones the best. Can't go wrong with Jack's Place.!!!!!!!!!!!Yo, looking for Philly fine dining. Great food and pure Philly attitude. If you understand; Jeatyet ? Noju? This is your place. If not, go to Subway.
The Ladies of Jacks are the best in the biz but youse guys already know that. On my way for a Jacks special roast beef and turkey breast hoagies with a few poppers and extra broccoli rabe. Best rolls around. Mmmmmmmmmm. Tell em Bob M sent you.Let's talk about it!
While visiting Philadelphia I'm staying at the Keystone Lofts all of two blocks away from Jacks Place. It took me a while to get in there because of the hours; my friend says she doesn't think they're ever open but that's because any 9-5er will miss them every time. You'll know they're open by the signs out on the corner.
I've only been here for a few weeks and I wish I would have gone to Jacks as soon as I arrived. I'm a sucker for fried butterfly shrimp and they have a 5-pc for $3 and some change. So. Good. I also get a turkey hoagie with Swiss and it is perfect each time. It's amazing. Not only is it good the first day, but the leftovers are just as amazing the next day. No soggy wetness, bread is just as firm.. Ridiculous.
I highly recommend if you don't want to take a risk with your lunch.
PS Jack is like a Philly Santa lolJack's hoagies are the best, if you like floppy soggy rolls go ahead and stop reading. If you like hard seeded rolls, fresh veggies, quality meats, and vibrant dressings this is the place for you.
 I live literally less than a block away from this little hole in the wall sandwich shop and every time I have vacation time to burn I stay home and get a hoagie from Jack's place like a trip to hoagie Mecca. I try to order something new every time because everything I've ever gotten from them has been superb and I still have not been let down. Their hoagies are amazing, their steak fries are heavily seasoned (not overly salty), and their hot sandwiches pay homage to italian cuisine in a way you would never expect from a hoagie shop. Their rolls are 2 feet long so take that into consideration, if you decide that you want a wiffle ball bat sized hoagie get a whole. I reccomend the supreme italian if you want a hoagie, or a chicken parm if you want a hot sandwich (even though you cant go wrong ordering from them). 
The only complaint myself or anybody I've known has been that they dont serve cheese steaks. Good news for my fellow yelpers that have an addiction to Jack's hoagies, starting tomorrow they will be serving cheese steaks on their 2 feet long rolls.Okay sandwiches, I liked the wings but they were on the salty side after like 2 wings. Not so nice staff.i love this place. i live in south philly but i work in the northeast on the same street as jacks place.  never in my life have i ever had an italian hoagie as good as the one they make. just trust me. i promise.I reviewed years ago thought I'd update it.  Jack's place is a staple.  It's the heart beat of everything Northeast Philly should be.  The food is amazing and if your looking for a kick order the spicy fries and Maryland Crab Soup.  It so good, it's so spicy, and you won't be able to stop eating.  Call early!Amazing Italian subs. The specialty ones are highly recommended. Just don't ask to make substitutes on those; you'll get a nasty reply. But after you eat one you will be glad they refused your wish.
They have homemade soup each day but they run out of it early. The olive oil spread is out of this world.When we are in the city, we get a Jacks Italinan..  Wonderful goodness.My first visit to Jack's Place was a very pleasant surprise. I ordered a whole Original Italian hoagie and a whole Supreme Italian hoagie with long hots on the side. These hoagies are huge besides the freshest lettuce, tomatoes and onions the hoagies were loaded with the finest of meats. The Italian bread that they were on is so fresh, soft on the inside and outside has that famous Italian bread crunch. They use a special olive spread that is awesome. The very next day I returned to order 3 more whole Italian Supreme Hoagies, Beer battered Onion Rings, Breaded eggplant and a Garden Salad, the onion rings were so delicious big and crunchy and so was the fried eggplant the garden salad was much larger than I anticipated the salad was perfectly fresh. "Jack's Place" is the place to go if you're in the area or not they are the Place to go! You must try their hoagies. I feel I stumbled upon a beautiful gem.What i used to live in this neighborhood and didnt know about this place. Aaaahh. Love there hoagie and roast beef with dipping au jus. Kids do to. Plus love there steak fries with little bit of spice on them. As I'm righting this review I want to go again, but they close early
This place is a northeast treasure just cant believe I could have had this sooner if only i had yelp back then..The outright best Italian hoagie in philly.  Parking is a little rough and there's no indoor seating.  But taking one home is worth the extra stepNo better hoagies in Philly, And that's saying a lot. Pleasant service and sandwiches to satisfy any appetite! A sandwich from Jacks Place should be on everyone's bucket list!I have never stopped after hearing so much.......I decided to go for it....I did try the Original Italian Hoagie...... it was very good and fresh......I didn't really care for the roll a little to crunchy for my liking.....but overall it was a very good stop......I've been eyeballing this place for a while and finally decided to order the original Italian after reading so many great reviews. I asked them to deliver it to my house (exactly 1 mile away from them). The sandwich was good, but it took them OVER an hour to deliver to my house, which I wasn't too happy about. 
Nonetheless, the sandwich was one of the best I've ever tasted in my life. The bread was a little hard for my taste, but the ingredients they used were definitely fresh. I would highly recommend this place for hoagie lovers out there. You'll love this place.Seriously the hoagie was good...but as a bread lover...dang that hoagie roll was delish!
They did an excellent job wrapping my three large Italian hoagies to go. I was going on a flight back to San Francisco. On my way down 95 I yelped a Deli nearby and voile...Jack's is what came up first. It was SO easy to get to. I was already pulled over so I only had to get back on 95 and take the Route 73 exit. make a couple of turns and there she was!
The wait was maybe a total of 18 minutes from order to walking out the door with my aromatic delectable treats! I also ordered a meatball hoagie, which was DELICIOUSNESS. I had them add mozzarella. The meatballs were seasoned just right for me and they add just enough mozzarella without it being a gooey mess. It was about a foot and a half long...and y'know what...I ate the whole dang thing by myself and didn't even feel guilty as the other passengers on the plane kept watching or turning their heads to see who had the most amazing meal on the flight!....Yup it was Moi!
They packed the sweet peppers and onions separately and honestly I don't know how they did it but the hoagies were not soggy when I arrived home more than 10 hours later. I have ordered from Primo's and Lee's and many other local shops but nobody has wrapped a hoagie to go like Jack's. They get 5 stars just for that alone!
Also their rolls...are amazing...I love the bread...and bread loves me...but truly their rolls are soft inside with just the right crispness of the crust. Also who still makes hoagies with sharp provolone?!! Well Jack's does and it's really tasty!
Overall I think Jack's deserves 10 stars because they're OUTSTANDING...like a farmer in his field! :)I am a city guy born and raised. I have had hoagies from every corner of the city. There is not a better Italian hoagie anywhere!  Out of the he 3 Italian hoagie the Old Country is my favorite. Great ingredients, perfect roll. If you like a great hoagie stop by Jack's Place.If you are in the mood for a great sandwich then you must visit Jack's Place! This is a family owned and operated business that has been bringing exceptional sandwiches, soups, salads and more for over 20 years. They are conveniently located at the corner of Hegerman & Wellington in the heart of Tacony.
When you do go in you have to try the Original Italian. There are others like this hoagie. But this one is by far one of the best. If you are looking for something a little different then please enjoy any of their chicken cutlet sandwiches. All ingredients in the store are fresh and homemade every single day. ALWAYS. Their rolls come from Perry & Son's bakery in Cheltenham. Definitely one of the best tasting rolls in the area bar none.
When you order your sandwich check out the salad/olive bar. Everything is so mouth watering that you will probably want to leave with a little (or a lot) of everything. Especially the tortellini salad.
All the roast beef, roast pork, and turkey are made in house. And the smells that come from the oven when they are cooking just pull you in.
During the colder months you will see homemade soups on the menu. All are homemade. I can not stress enough how fresh all the ingredients are here.
Customer service is always top notch. You honestly could not ask for a better group of people in Jack's Place. Always a smile. And everyone really enjoys taking care of the customer.
Jack's Place definitely raises the bar on great sandwiches in Northeast Philadelphia.With all the great reviews on Jacks I had high hopes. Unfortunately I was disappointed. 
I arrived early Tuesday and ordered the original Italian and a small order of fries. I'm a sucker for steak fries! The place is clean and small. Very limited seating, take out only and cash only. The fries were bad! They were overly seasoned and tasted like they were sitting around for a while. They were very dry. Now for the Hoagie... it was just ok. First there were diced olives on it, I hate olives!! I scrapped them off so I could at least eat the sandwich. The meat was fresh as were the tomatoes. The roll, not a fan. It was a bit too tough for my liking, very similar to a French bread. Overall the hoagie had potential but the execution just wasn't there. 3 stars.."BEST Hoagie in the free world"?
I THINK NOT!
BEST Hoagie on the Planet.
Now we're talking.I drive from Upper Gwynedd to get turkey hoagies with long hots on the side. I really wish that Jacks Place would venture out into the suburbs. Other places make hoagies but don't come  close  to Jacks. I really wish they accepted credit cards as my orders are usually over 80 bucks when I order. Hate having to stop at the atm before hand  but if I'm driving 32 miles up and back for turkey hoagies  the pit stop at the atm isn't too bad . It's just more of an inconvenience when it's 2019. Also I never had any issues with the staff and the ladies behind the counter are wonderful!Love this place! And the ladies that work there always do a great job on everything! !Was there again, the week of 12/9/19.  This time, I went for the Supremo Italian.  I cannot believe how good that hoagie is.  I've been thinking about it all week.  Go there.  It will change your life forever.  Seriously.  Warning:  do not try to eat the entire monster yourself, you will be in pain later.  They are really big and solidly packed with meat.  Best sandwich I ever had.  Those two adorable old ladies that Matt C wrote about really know their stuff on making a great hoagie.Once again JACK'S PLACE was outstanding. We had the veggie hoagie, also downtown and original Italian hoagie they were all awesome with the long hots on the fried onions rings. It was nice having a conversation with Jack while I was waiting for the food since I haven't seen him in Long time. Definitely the best place to get a hoagie in the whole state of Pennsylvania and New Jersey. Since I go there least once a week for his food and can't wait to eat it. Because I know it's going to be outstanding.Stop praising the rolls here because they're not even good, it's way too hard. The hoagies are alright but not worthy of the hype this place gets. Try Chubby's hoagies in Fox Chase, so much better.Since Jack died I thought the place might go downhill, this place really rocks, still the best hoagie place in Philadelphia, finks doesn't hold a candle to this place, fact I'm ordering for the Super Bowl this weekCheesesteak was awesome..seasoned steak fries and chicken tenders were also on point..Located on a corner in a residential neighborhood you will find a sandwich unicorn.This unicorn sprouts amazing food from it's magical horn of goodness. For the life of me I have passed this place and never thought much about it. Just a few weeks ago I for some reason decided to give it a go and fuck me I am a shit knocker. WHY did I not try this years ago. Everything we had so far was amazing. I should punch myself in the dick for depriving me of Jack's. 
My stand out is the chicken cutlet with spinach & cheese with the spectacular red sauce on the side. The rolls are always soft but hold up. The chicken smashes any other cutlet I've had before. Ingredients are top notch. 
The cheese steak was perfect. Roast beef was tender and juicy.
Loved the chicken fingers & fries. Italian hoagie was brilliant. Meats are quality and the staff super nice. 
I will make up for the time lost and try all the menu has to offer. I need to make amend so I will be back each week. My deepest apology's Jack you sweet sandwich guru.This place is as "local neighborhood sandwich spot" as it gets. Upon walking in, there were two adorable older ladies that started chatting us up like we were family that had come to visit Mom-Mom, and they were wondering "jeat?" (That's "did you eat," for the uninitiated.) 
It was funny, they actually treated us like we were Senators or something, as we were dressed in business casual, and they thought we were "someone important or what?" lol I guess we skewed a little different from the normal Tacony clientele. *shoulder shrug emoji*
None of that mattered though, as the ladies couldn't have been nicer, and they also make a hell of a cheesesteak. 
I'll definitely be back to try some more of their wares, and to update to something a little more specific.Awesome friggin hoagie!!!! Those sweet peppers too! BEST I ever had! They make them homemade! The roll too! AMAZING!I have eaten all over the City & world but this place is really a cut above the rest! Everything at this business is excellent from the sandwiches, portions, and the service! Highly recomend any chicken cutlet sandwich (I have had all of them!!) They are out of this world as well as their hoagies. Great price, and fast service from very efficent and sweet employees makes Jack's place shine.There's nothing else I can add that hasn't already been said about Jacks. My go to is always the chicken parm or chicken and spinach. Just try it. Everything is delicious.Jacks are by far the BEST in Philadelphia, I am so glad I live so close and get them monthly, the roll is GREAT, . just a note when they run outta rolls, they close for the day, so order earlyI thought I tried every great cheesesteak joint in Philly, until yesterday. A good friend had always visited Jack's for hoagies, until he saw them hand cutting a large eye roast for steak sandwiches, so he had to try. Then he took me there yesterday, and it was clearly at the top of the list!
The bread from Perry's bakery was light & airy inside, with a nice crust outside & the meat was some of the best I've ever had. So tender & juicy, the sandwich was like air going down, and I could've easily eaten another. I always get my cheesesteaks with provolone cheese, not really a Cheese-Wiz guy, and a little mayo. That's how I always try my steak sandwich, and like I said, it was fantastic!
The place is a deli, no seating, with very pleasant ladies working there & making all the products. Very clean, with no greasy smell, it's clearly one of the best of Philly. I'll definitely be back many times!I'm a sucker for a roast pork sandwich any and every time I can. Damn, it's just what I needed!  The roll is amazing. It's a little crisp on the outside with sesame seeds. Everything  else is perfect.  Walk up, order, get my sandwich in 10 minutes. It's a perfect lunch. Make the drive. IMP it's worth it.Oh, brother.  Unbelievable Italian.  There are 4 or 5 types of Italians on their menu, and I was in a hurry, so I got the "basic" Italian, the one that is listed first on the menu.  I couldn't believe how good it was.  The two ladies that were in there very patient in explaining what they put on my sammo.  Usually my  kid likes to argue with me about where the best hoagie is, but this time no argument - Jacks is the best.  They put some sort of relish made out of chopped olives on it, sort of a spread.  I don't live near there, but I keep trying to think up excuses to go back to that neighborhood.  Remember that song, "All My Life", where you're looking for the love of your life?  Well, this is the hoagie that I've been looking for my whole life.  No shit!!!   That makes it official.  Go enjoy yourself.Good hoagies for sure. I kept it basic and ordered a turkey hoagie with bacon, sharp provolone, oil/vinegar, and the usual toppings. My male counterpart ordered a "Downtowner," a hoagie equipped with capicola, prosciutto, sharp provolone, and mayo. The roll is a great deal of what makes this sandwich. Crisp with sesame seeds. As someone who very rarely eats bread, this was a treat for me. The sharp provolone (a major weakness of mine) was FANTASTIC. Pungent, stinky, delicious....as it should be, I really liked that the turkey tasted like real turkey, if you know what I mean. It didn't taste like cheap slime. Of course I tried the DT as well, which was great. I was satisfied. I wanted to try their crab nuggets. whatever that is. Unfortunately they were out. Maybe next time! 
The service is okay. The place was empty when we walked in, and with numerous people working behind the counter, no one was quick to say hello. I don't expect much of that in NE Philly though. We stood there for several minutes before someone acknowledged we were there, despite me seeing everyone look at us at least once. It's all good though. I wasn't there to eat the people anyway. 
All in all, it's worth checking out. Hoagies on point.Totally unique sandwiches unlike anything in the Northeast always worth the stop guaranteed satisfaction plus the staff is really nice tooBest Italian Hoagie in Philly.
The original Italian.
They don't stuff it with ridiculous amounts of meat like primos. 
Their seeded bread is crusty on the outside and soft/ chewy on the inside.
Perfect ratio of meat/bread.
They don't use iceberg lettuce that is half white half green, they use green leafy lettuce.
The provolone is crumbled with chopped olives and it gives the Italian cuts such an amazing compliment.
Whether you like it with oil or mayo, it's heaven on a roll.There was a green bug in the sandwich, probably from the lettuce. That means the lettuce wasn't properly washed. 
Also ordered wings and the wings had a seasoning on them that made then very salty. The buffalo sauce was on the side. When you order wings they usually come covered in the sauce.This is the best place to get roast pork and broccoli rabe.  I've had DiNic's and John's, and they don't compare.I've never reviewed a restaurant before, but this place prompted me to start. We were traveling cross country and wanted to find an authentic Cheesesteak, while driving through Philly. The staff at Jacks was beyond wonderful! We ordered the Original Hoagie, the American, two Cheesesteaks and a large French fry. Everything was five stars. The bread was fresh, the meat was high quality and everything was made exactly to our specifications. If that wasn't enough, it was obvious as we waited for our food that it's popular among the locals. Don't hesitate to pull off the highway and treat yourself!!Ok so let me start this noting I've been trying italians in this area since I moved here in august and have learned that one, I am picky and two, I don't dig the seeded roll. The seeded roll at jack's was the exception, bread 10/10. I ordered a supreme with regular provolone and long hots but I'm not sure what i actually got. Something on the sandwich reminded me of (and smelled like) olives and not long hots? Really have no idea what was on my sandwich but I thoroughly enjoyed it. I read through other reviews and now see an olive spread is standard on the Italians which is so weird and also not mentioned in the description. Can't wait to try again though, with the actual long hots I ordered. Also, the crab nuggets were an unexpected delicious addition.I ordered lunch for our whole office and everyone absolutely loved their food.  Between all of us we had the italian tuna salad, original Italian, pork, meatball, and chicken parm sandwiches.  Everyone raved about how good their lunch was for the rest of the day.  I had the original Italian and it was probably the best Italian hoagie I've ever had.  Also, the portions were so big that half the office took home leftovers to eat for dinner too! On top of it all, the staff was extremely friendly and nice too.   Its safe to say that Jack's Place will definitely be a regular lunch spot for my office!Jack makes the best hoagie in all the land! I've been a loyal customer for 25 years and they're as great as ever. I'm hooked on the original Italian with mayo and oil. 
For those of you who like a soft or doughy roll: This is not the place for you, Jack uses a French bread roll, which is nice and crusty. I like all different rolls, but this is the best hoagie roll I've ever tasted. 
Self-proclaimed 'foodies' need to leave South Philly and Center City once in awhile and try this place. You will not be disappointed.Excellent sandwich shop! the Italian hoagie is the best on NE Philly.Good stuffs!!!! KISS! Keep it simple stupid. That should be their motto. Plain place to get your steaks and hoagies. That's all ya need.