Eh. The server asked me how I wanted my burger. If it all comes out well done why ask?  Really good service even though the food is average at best.Wish the bartenders would take the dirty glasses off the bar that have been here for the last hour. Also...get rid of the fruit flies near the beer taps!! Menu is so-so.I know it's in the airport but it was my only chance to try a Philly cheese-steak. It was actually pretty good. The french fries were not so good, coated but at least they were hot. I ate at the bar and the bartender was pleasant and efficient.Stopped for a drink in the outside bar. $11 for a glass of wine in a Dixie cup. I asked for a glass of water and was offered to buy a bottle of water. First and last time here.Most disappointing meal at an airport in years. I travel weekly and don't have high expectations.  The $17 chicken Marsala took about 30min after I ordered, was bland and had obviously been over microwaved since the chicken and broccoli were both extremely hot and overcooked.  Wish I had gone to the burrito place next door.My last stop before boarding at gate A3...George the bartender is a class act and the fact he recognizes people's faces all the time is impressive. For an airport bar it has plenty of options to drink and the cheesesteaks are awesome. If ever in terminal A, this place is a must do.I really want to give this place the benefit of the doubt, but they did me dirty when all I wanted was a burger and a beer. 
I had about 2 hours to kill before my flight, so I hopped in the only bar I saw in terminal A. It was pretty packed which gave me some pretty high hopes. Trusting the ease of a burger and a beer, I ordered their standard burger (medium rare) and swapped out the fries with a salad. The meal came out on a plastic plate with some plastic cutlery to match, which I found kind of surprising. I guess it saves time with a high rotations of patrons. I took a bite of the burger and it wasn't very hot and rather undercooked. I continued on thinking it was just rare, which was the worst mistake I could have made. Before finishing the burger, I had a wicked knot in my stomach and made nervous about my age and inevitable inheritance of my fathers heartburn. I realized the pain went from my chest down to my stomach, and knew it had to be the burger. I'll leave out the details, but facilities were used before the issue was corrected.
Good service and a large glass of beer will not redeem this spot for me, but it's the only reason I didn't go with a one star. Tread with caution.Terminal A doesn't have many options. If you want a bar, you go to Jack Duggan's. 
My house merlot for about $7-$8 in a decent size glass did the trick. I didn't feel like pub food so didn't eat, but it did smell good. It did look pretty greasy though. 
The service was quick and the servers knew you didn't have a lot of time. 
I wasn't a fan of the fruit flies I had to keep swatting away. 
Better than nothing, but nothing good.  If you aren't going to eat, I'd recommend sitting in the bar-only area versus the restaurant.Typical over-priced, so-so airport food.  Nothing was horrible, but nothing was very good either.  I had a chicken quesadilla, and the person I was with had a Philadelphia cheesesteak.  Throw in a couple of drinks and you are looking at a fairly sizeable tab.  The worst part about the experience here was how slow the service was.  We had a fairly long layover and it's a good thing because this place only knows two speeds:  slow and slower.  
Sadly, I skipped over the food options in Terminal F (which had a Chipotle, a Smashburger and other decent choices).  The next time I fly through PHL, I will know that Terminal F has the better options.This place while has decent food while the place is a total rip off. My wife had a beer, I had two plastic cups of 4 oz poor of wine, a small cup of soup in a plastic cup, and a salad.  Bill $52.00.  Avoid at all costs.Good beer and bad food. Everything seems deep fried and serviced on plastic plates with plastic utensils. 
The staff is pretty nice as is the service. Good place to grab a beer before a flight but save your cash on the food.Decent philly cheese steak and fries. It took 25 minute plus at the to go station to get it though after being quoted 10 minutes. All in all not worth it for the price.  Make sure you have at least 30 minutes before your flight before orderingStopped here on New Year's Day while waiting for flight. THE SERVICE WAS HORRIBLE and the food was so so. We fly in & out of Philly often & will find other places to eat. Will not return here.As far as an airport bar goes, this one was quite right by me.  I haven't gotten any food here yet, but I've had consistantly good service when sitting at the bar, and they have a pretty wide selection of liquors (moreso than I'd expect of quick-stop bar), without breaking the bank.  That's pretty much all I'd ask for in an airport bar.
Will have to return to try food if ever I have the time.I don't give out five stars lightly. It is with careful consideration that I bestow that distinction on any establishment. Jack Duggan's is one such establishment.
I can't comment on the food, but as I suddenly realized my need for wine before last weekend's flight to Miami, I found myself wandering to Jack Duggan's. The place was packed, as is to be expected at an airport bar. I was able to snag a seat at the bar before a couple tried to bypass the obvious line and take that joy from me. I showed them.
Anyway, when I ordered a glass of the house cabernet, I was treated to the delightfully heavy hand of the bartender. This guy clearly understands the needs of thirsty travelers. He filled that sucker up to the BRIM. The complete stranger next to me and I marveled at this wondrous phenomenon as we giggled at the realization that each glass at Jack Duggan's was, in fact, two glasses! Two of those babies and I didn't even care about the loud Brazilians sitting next to me for the next three hours.I was traveling and had a layover in Philly and some time to kill between planes. Hungry and in Philly, I tried unsuccessfully to find a reasonably affordable way to get to the city and back within the allotted time for a cheesesteak & to meet up with a friend.
Disappointed by cab prices, I hopped on my Blackberry and found this an article claiming this place had a good cheesesteak. I was skeptical, but hungry and decided to give this place a try.
The cheesesteak was AWFUL!!! Dry and nasty, bland and boring, and the meat was a light tan color and processed. It had little empty "spots" along the shredded, processed meat (Steak-Um?) where the fat burned off.
The meat was disgustingly dry and just - YUCK.
I had a good cheesesteak at Sonny's Famous Steak Hogies in Hollywood Florida just a few days prior to this disaster. Now THAT was a good, yummy, delicious cheesesteak. This place should stop trying to do something so horribly that the rest of Philadelphia seems to do right.
A total waste of $10. The fries were really good, I just wish I got more of them because I would have gladly ate those instead of that sad joke of a sandwich.
DON'T BE MISLEAD BY THIS ARTICLE! AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!!So I have been here a few times and never thought to review this place until I got such great service today while sitting at the bar. 
The bartender was so friendly and nice that she kept me talking about where I am from and what I was doing. 
It seemed like a genuine interest, not just for a tip. 
That being said  that has a "local selection of beer" (not great beer just local to philly)c and I got the BIG BREAKFAST.  It was a waffle two eggs and three slices of pork roll. 
It was very editable!  Lol  what can I say. It is breakfast. And a good one.Had breakfast here and it was better than I expected. It is the only sit down restaurant in A Terminal at PHL and was packed for all the early flights. I sat down and ordered an omelet and coffee.
Omelet came out incorrectly (I ordered egg white with spinach and mushroom) but got spinach and tomatoes. I don't really care too much, but was annoyed that they got the order wrong.  The omelet was made pretty well actually and wasn't runny from tomatoes, so I guess they only use the fleshy part (bonus points!).  The home fries were good and toast, while not hot, was thick and serviceable.
All in all, definitely better than I was expecting at an airport that serves food on paper plates and plastic utensils and coffee in a styrofoam cup.Food all tastes frozen. Mozzarella sticks you could tell. 
Chicken with broccoli and rice pilaf was blah. 
Philly cheesesteak and fries were average. Good place for drinks, not food. Service was pretty good and it was a little busy.I stopped by this pub while waiting for my flight back to Orlando.  It is located in the A Terminal of the Philadelphia (PHL) Airport.  The lighting was brighter than you'd expect for an Irish Pub (this may be due to the fact that it is IN an airport) but the atmosphere was spot on; there were a number of small groups enjoying their time while waiting awaiting their departures.  The bartender was cordial and offered her recommendation of their Philly Cheese Steak which I enjoyed.  The roll was fresh, the cheese melted to perfection and the beef had a good, not too salty, flavor.   The pour in my Captain & Coke was along the lines of what you'd get at any chain but the pricing for a double was below average.   The bar is set up in such a way to promote chatting with the person next to you and I enjoyed a nice conversation with a woman named Jen who was off to Ft. Lauderdale for a girl's weekend.  
I am adding this establishment as I couldn't find it on Yelp.  I will definitely stop there again the next time I'm in the Philadelphia Airport.I have breakfast here often while waiting on the first flight out of PHL.
However, I just dealt with either a rude or clueless female bartender on Friday  November 14 @ 3 pm.
I asked to sit at a low table near the back usually reserved for parties of 3 or more.   Every other table was taken,  but these 2 were not.
She denied me sitting in that area, despite both tables being empty.   I told her i cannot sit comfortably on a tall bar stool.   30 minutes later,  those tables are still empty, generating NO SALES OR TIPS. 
SHE LOST A NICE TIP as i intended to have drinks for the next 2 1/2 hours waiting on my flight. 
Duggan's may have lost my regular business over this.Wow.  Bad cannot describe this place. It needs to be hosed down. The floors and bar need a hazmat team to come in. 
Food .... Skip just start drinking.Had a solid experience. Awesome bartenders. Had a 3 hour lay over. Great serivce. Ill b backThe young lady who waited on me did an amazing job. The hamburger only had 11 fries. Not exactly what I expected at this pub in the PHL AirportThe simple fact that this is in an airport elevates what what normally be a three star rating to a four...
Despite being in an airport, JD's still manages to maintain that cozy and friendly pub feel I have come to love from growing up and being stationed in Europe, where the Irish Pub is as ubiquitous as a taco truck in Austin. 
With a little time (5 hours) to spare, I decided to stop in and grab a bite and a drink. The food was a little below average airport pricing and shockingly good. Fish and chips - whole flounder fillet, not battered, but breaded and lightly fried to golden perfection. Piping hot on a bed of seasoned (delicious) fries. Not traditional, but damned tasty. They have the standard pub beers you'd expect...Guinness, Sam Adams etc..., but also boast a handful of local craft beers. The local beers were solid and of average price for non-airport, around $5 a pint (Guinness pint...around $9). I had a few beers and a rye chaser, which was generously poured and also well below standard airport pricing.
The atmosphere was fun and friendly...patrons were talking to each other and having a good time. For just a short time, it was easy to forget I was in an incredibly busy international airport. This will be my go-to spot anytime I fly through Philly.Awful awful awful! Some of the worst service I've ever experienced in my life. It would be passable if the food even tried to make up for it, but it doesn't. It's just Sysco on paper plates. 
Save a few bucks and go to Chick-fil-A.They were quick, which is important for an airport bar, but I wouldn't recommend the Philly cheesesteak. Sure, you're in Philly, but an Irish pub in the airport just doesn't live up to the local cheesesteak expectations.Almost immediately regretted going. Tables beat up, burnt on grease stains on the plate. And how much plastic silverware do they go through every day? 
 I had the shepherds pie.... and I haven't felt that great since. 
 Server was super nice, but couldn't give me water. But I could buy a bottle of water.Awful experience. Could not get waited on, and we weren't the only once. After a significant wait, we got up and walked out. Two other guys were trying to get their check and couldn't find the waitress. She walked by our table a number of times and did not acknowledge our presence. Based on the reviews of the food, I'm actually glad we left.Probably one of the few gems of a venue inside of an awful airport, Philadelphia International. Jack Duggan's is one of those pubs that stretches across both sides of aisle space within the terminal. I had the pleasure of sitting within the main area on the right side of the aisle.
Upon entering, I was greeted with that usual Philadelphia snarkiness from a brunette server when I asked if there were any available seats. "Take a look around hon, and you'll see" was pretty much the response I got, and then she walked away. Really? I blew it off and sat at the main bar area (can seat up to 30 people, I think) rather than the regular seating area.
I wound up ordering one of the foot long Philadelphia hot dogs, as well as a burger. The fries that came with both orders were outstanding. The IPA brew that was on draft was quite hoppy. So good was the drafts that I must have had 4-5 tall ones over the course of 2.5 hours while I waited for my flight back to DFW, chatting it up with a very attractive 25-some brunette from Delaware that was heading to Vegas for a weekend of debauchery. That part of the evening was fun.
The star of the evening (other than the female eye candy) was the young male bartender. This guy (a student going to Penn) up sold me in a good way with the meals, in addition to having an awareness of his guests despite there being at least 20-some people at the bar + another female bartender further down. I give him kudos for paying attention to his patrons, which was more than what I can say for his fellow servers (a bit clueless).
Overall, the price is what I expected in an airport 20-25% markup on everything. However, the food and drink is quite good. Considering that there are a lot of snack options in this airport such as hot dogs and pretzels, Jack Duggan's is a good spot to stop at to get a good meal in prior to your flight as well as to have good, if not interesting conversation.Meh, they were fast with the food. My wife ordered the veggie pita. She said it was just okay, it was a bit soggy. I ordered a burger medium, came out well done. They do charge .80 per topping which is normal for an airport restaurant. They tend to be on the pricey side. 2 beer and 2 sandwiches came to $48.00 with tip.
The beers were cold and tasty, hard to mess that up. The food was mediocre at best, but was okay for a quick bite to eat before the flight.We stopped in here before our flight home. We had not had a Philly cheesesteak yet so we got that and buffalo shrimp.  We could see the food window and our shrimp sat there for a long time before coming to us.  Both dishes were cold.  The shrimp were not typical buffalo shrimp but rather appeared sauteed in a spicy marinara shrimp.  It was different, I thought I might like it as a ate more, but no the taste just seemed to get weirder.  The cheesesteak was cheap meat and not enough meat or cheese, it was mostly bread.  The beer selection wasn't that great, but prices are generally what you expect in an airport, over priced.  I will try somewhere else the next time I am in the Philly airport.I can't give it zero stars, so it gets one. The bartender with the very clearly artificially plumped lips basically threw my "medium" burger at me. Burger was over cooked, lettuce was wilted, and half my tomatoes rolled off my plate as it was tossed at me. I don't expect much from airport food and service but this place literally made me nauseas. Ew.This is one of the worst establishments in the airport hands down. I'd call it an eating establishment except for the fact that after 45 minutes and 2 wrong orders I gave up on ever getting my food. How hard is it to put in an order for chicken fingers when the menu isn't exactly extensive. The waitress was aloof at best, totally amateur at worst. She never apologized, only blamed me for the issues. For your dining pleasure, I'd much rather walk over to B terminal or take the shuttle over to the new F terminal food court area. Stay away from Jack Duggans unless you don't care about any sort of quality or professionalism. The one thing they have going for them is that I can now consider them a healthy option because you'll never actually get any food.Terminal A in the Philly airport. I got in from a long flight fron Europe after a week of eating Belgina food and just wanted some good ol fashioned comfort food. This place fit the bill. Their hot open turkey sandwich with garlic mash potato? Score. Yes, its served on plastic plates with plastic utensils...not foodie approved, but I understand. Some good localish beers were available on tap (Flying Fish, Yuengling) and the bartenders, with a full bar of craziness were calm,friendly and on point. 3.5 stars.Solid place to grab a quick bite and a few beers in Terminal A.  Plenty of bar seating and quick service. They have about 1/2 dozen beers on tap..some of the standards, Guinness, Yengling, and usually a seasonal selection.  The food was solid, but not spectacular, but hey we are talking airport food.  I got the chicken sandwich and it did the trick. I would definitely visit again.Had the Philly Cheese Steak... The best in PHL since is probably the only one. 
The sandwich was so so. I expected a Philly Cheese Steak in Philly to be over the top. Meat tasted pre-done and not fresh.Service was rude. Food was average and served without pride. Flimsy utensils barely usable to eat an overpriced meal.I came here before my long flight. They do not serve alcohol until 7 am (don't judge me). I got takeout from the side of the pub. I ordered a Belgian waffle (I wanted strawberries on top but they did not have any). I waited about 10 minutes. It was supposed to come with whip cream, but the employee did not put any on there, so I asked and he put it on one small corner. I sat down to eat it and it was cold. I tried to eat it but I was far from pleased. It tasted very weird. Next time I'll try something different.Horrible food - chicken cheesesteak was like sand. Not even edible. Dirty. AC barely functional.  Just an awful experienceI'm somewhat underwhelmed with this place. Actually I'm underwhelmed with the food choices in general offered by the Philadelphia international airport. I searched and searched and then finally settled in this local establishment. I didn't want much. Just looking for a burger, fries, a glass of wine. And I got that here. I wanted to fee like I was in a restaurant not a fast food joint. I'm not impressed with the plastic everything. Even my glass of wine. The my waitress was nice. She warned me about the bottled water vs tap. When she brought the bottle of Nestle Water ( yuck! - taste like dirt), I asked her if they had anything else and then declined to drink the bottle of $2.00 water, that is available at Walmart for $0.17. But I'm not made about the mark up. Just next time you only offer bottled water can I get a dasni?  My food was okay. The burger patty was very dry, which is surprising because it was medium well. Again, all served on plastic. I wasn't impressed. Avoid if you can. And for the wine drinker, their premium wines ($8.75/glass) is Beringer. You can almost buy an entire bottle of the stuff for that amount. IMO, their Pinot Grigio didn't strike me as premium. On my way home, I'll remind myself not to stop here, I'll just look for a fast food place. Cheaper and I'm sure the food is the same quality.Fast and easy.  Full bar offering everything your heart desires before boarding your plane.  Didn't eat anything but the food around us looked really good. Only drawback was not having plugs to charge  our electronics devices.Great food and a good guniess to pass time. They are nuce and the chicken quesos are good.Eh. Expensive, average food and too busy for such few waiters.
Since I knew I was going to be sitting in the Philadelphia airport for a few hours I went out of my way to find somewhere with a decent philly cheesesteak. I went all the way from F terminal to A to hoping to find a good sandwich. It turned out to be a little on the disappointing side, especially for the price. I know airport food is expensice but $15 for an average steak sandwich? Nah. I'll just get a burger from Smash Burger next time.
The cheesesteak was just okay. It needed more meat and it was super greasy, the latter I didn't mind but take it as a forewarning. The bread was soaked through there was so much juice, but that could have also been a result of the peppers and onions I added. I wanted to add more toppings, like mushrooms but I just couldn't justify spending anymore on just a sandwich. Each topping was $.80! What, am I ordering a pizza? Either way, the sandwich itself could have been better. The fries which came along with it were not really crispy at all, but that didn't matter to me because I soaked them in malt vinegar anyway. 
The place was definitely cramped, especially with everyone's luggage scattered around. The service was slow, but the place was busy. Although, my waitress was very nice and kept my napkins well stocked (which is necessary of you're getting the philly). Once I received my check (they do NOT take Discover, by the way), a woman came up to me and asked if I was leaving soon. Expecting the waitress to come any second, I let her sit down. Five minutes later and we were still waiting for the waitress to take my bill. I felt bad: the woman just wanted a table and I just wanted to leave. But that was the worst of it and the waitress eventually came. The entire restaurant only had two waiters (excluding the bar) and it was very obvious they needed more. 
Overall, for airport food it was average, but for the prices and service I would choose somewhere else next time.Pretty bad even by airport standards. Expensive for bad food. Basically the only sit down food in A east. At least they have power outlets.They don't have Comcast, so keep in mind if you're trying to watch Flyers for instance.
Staff were nice and attentive, they had a good selection of beers, but food didn't look like anything special. Not something I'd want to try for the first time before a long flight, put it that way.Food - order open face turkey with mashed.  I got lunch meat with chicken gravy and instant potatoes for 14 bucks. AVOID THE FOOD!Oh my goodness! The sandwiches here are incredible! Especially for airport food! I had just a regular Philly Cheese Steak sandwich and it was probably one of the best sandwiches I have had. The fries are great, the sandwiches are great, everything is great. If you have a layover in Philadelphia and need some food, this is the place to be!When our group of five active duty sailors asked to place an order for dinner at 8:20pm, we were told that the kitchen closes at 8:30 so we were told "no, we can't place an order." Otherwise, this place is great!Its airport food... Well in Philly, the airport actually has good food. While there are better dining choices at the airport, if you are in the mood for a cheesesteak this is a good choice. They also do takeout if you are heading for a flight. Terminal A WestGreat location, okay service. Mediocre food. If you like buffalo shrimp, don't order it. Boiled shrimp tossed in overly sweet wing sauce.Skip the food. It's terrible. Straight from the frozen aisle of the grocery ( but taste like it was bought years ago). Beer was good but not what I asked for, same for my husbands drink. Place was packed. I had better hopes for fish and chips at an Irish place. The fries are unbelievably bad. You've been warned. Only drink here!Terminal A does not offer many options in the way of food, so if you want a bar, go to Jack Duggan's.
I sat at the bar, which was mostly full.  The older female bartender attending to me was abrupt and rude.  She seemed more focused on serving the male patrons and singing along loudly to the music (good music, though).  It was her service that makes my review so low.  She seemed absolutely uninterested in serving me.
The fish and chips were okay.  The fries were my favorite part as they seemed well-fried and seasoned.  The fish was large flat breaded pieces- not horrible, not great.
Decent beer selection.Came in for breakfast and service was slow.
We both got coffee, 1 bottle of water & 2 big breakfast =$33.18 (our eggs were greasy)
Our waitress was flustered but was nice.Ugh, just stick to the fast food. Service here is super slow, food is the same quality as fast food and the prices are outrageous for what you get. The special shepards pie was a lousy fake potato and ground beef slop of food. Chicken steak sandwhich had some spit out parts of chicken and no real flavor. Fries were good but just get Mc Ds instead.Burger and fries with bacon and bbq sauce.. service ok a little slow and things seem to take a little longer than normal ... burger was good and cooked correctly greens were a little wilted .. bun was fresh and soft. Real complaint was a dollar extra for a single slice of very thin bacon.. should be Rick cut or at minimum 2 slices and fries were lukewarm to cold and mushy. Burger has  potential  as the taste of the meat and the bun were really good.This place sucks,  cheap plastic plates and bowls. Barn yard flavored food and Fox News on every Tv.  I get people like to keep up with current events but damn. A little sports would be nice. Don't waste you time with this place.  Walk to terminal B or anywhere but here!All relative. Good enough place for a beer and bite between flights. Local beer on tap. Nice. 4 tvs none showing baseball opening day.  Fail. Quick service. Nice. Cheesteak tastes like steak umm. Fail.Bad service even when the restaurant is half empty.  I was served fish n chips that looked like chicken fingers and tasted like metal.   The waitress saw I didn't eat them and offered to take them off of the bill.  That's great, but she didn't ask me what was wrong or try to make it up with another entree that I would gladly pay for.  
The beer selection is ok, but not very local.  Philly has some great brews available.   Skip this place and find something else in terminal A.  
Now I have to get on a twice delayed flight on an empty stomach - I'm afraid to eat anything.   Bubble guts.....I should have looked at reviews first. The bartender got my drink and food order wrong. The food was average at best. Even for an airport, the prices were too high for the mediocre experience.Decent,  great for a quick 5 bite and drinks.  Try chicken breast sandwich and the chilli cheese fries, winners...I agree with most of the reviews about the quality of the food. I ordered the buffalo shrimp and chicken Marsala. The shrimp had no flavor other than the buffalo sauce, which was not an improvement. 
The chicken Marsala was a good size, but it was a whole breast covered in mushroom sauce that did little to improve the flavor. I've never seen it served this way. I didn't see a single caper on the plate. 
My colleague got the the stake and cheese sub. I couldn't see any cheese on it and he says he couldn't taste any and it was over cooked. 
I'm not sure why this town is known for phili cheese steaks, I've yet to see a good one anywhere I've been.Incredibly low quality food.  Probably nice if you just want a drink.  I wish I had checked more places before I chose this one.I have to stop at PHI for a layover on at least half of business trips and this is one of my favorites spots in the airport for a beer and some grub. Cheese steaks are pretty good and the service has always been excellent. Not bad for airport food.Waiting for a flight, we were hungry, closest place to grab food to our terminal. Could be much better.Was looking for a philly cheesesteak place during a layover at the airport. Jack Duggan's was recommended by the information desk workers and the Yelp reviews seems to be slightly better than some others.
So ordered the cheesesteak with peppers and mushrooms and provolone cheese. The peppers and mushrooms costed extra. 
Since the sandwich comes with fries, I asked for ranch dressing to dip my fries in and overheard the waitress and the kitchen staff laughing about my ranch dressing. I thought it was a bit rude and guess it may have been a California thing.
The cheesesteak came with canned mushroom which I don't know if that's the norm there but I generally get fresh sauteed mushroom in the BA. I can hardly detect the green peppers. The lemonade was refreshing nevertheless.
I am sure I can get better cheesesteak outside of the airport but it was worth a try.Ick eww yuck. Three best words to describe the food and unappealing atmosphere. Ordered fish and chips got sanded shingles and mushy fry shaped potatoes. On top of the fare was a woman at the nearly empty bar doing speaker high volume face time with a argumentative older man while her pet yorkie barked for nonstop times and yes she and her dog are on my flight to Miami so .... Jack Dugan's Pub is the pits. Go elsewhere and let the dogs out at Dugan'sOk service, ok food, 3 stars. Everything is already prepared way before you order it. Freaky fast for sure. I will definitely try somewhere different next time I'm in the Philly airport.HUGE bar area in Terminal A.  
If you are in need of a place to kill time with a drink or two before or in between flights, head here. 
It was crowded when I arrived but there was still a place at the bar to sit back, enjoy my Guinness and read my book until my flight took off. 
I will definitely make this my pre-flight stop the next time I am in the area.  The staff was friendly and the food didn't look half bad either (for airport food, as someone mentioned!).  Put all of that together and it's the perfect place for a respite from your travels.Limited review of buffalo wings to go. I ordered at the bar and the bar, even though in an airport, feels like a neighborhood bar. In contrast to some other reviews, I found the service quite good. Not warm and fuzzy but nice and the bar tender kept my water full the whole time I was waiting. They have lots of TVs showing live sports and news. They also have a flight status board on the bar that the bartender keeps and eye on with you. The wings were 10 bucks and were surprisingly bland. Options are limited and so I would probably order again especially because the bar is pretty nice and for some reason when travel in I really like wings! Anyway, I hope this limited review helps you!Had a few hours to kill before my flight, spent it here. Ok normal cheers-y Airport atmosphere, Food looked and smelled good as sent out. Finally I ordered the chicken fingers, thery were good and the two Blue Moons  on draft all for $20.00 for one person, great waitress.I ordered chicken Marsala.  Big mistake.  
The chicken could not be cut.  Very tough.  The Marsala sauce was gelatinous with wayyyy too much corn starch.  No mushrooms whatsoever.   All very bad.  
When the waiter asked how everything was I told him it was not very good.  He said sorry and left the check.   
The threshold for airport restaurants is low.  I would say casual American gets a few more handicap points.  They manage to get stuck anyway. 
Maybe try the Philly cheesesteak??Wow, what a ripoff. Had three cups of coffee. The bartender, who was not even friendly, didnt tell the refills were $1 a piece. $3.00? Come on.
Go somewhere else and save your moneyEugggh this place is not great for breakfast. I was totally delirious after landing at around 5am and I had to kill time until my 10am flight. I had a hard time finding somewhere to eat so I ended up here. I was really hoping to get lunch food (weird cravings when you're that tired at an airport) but they serve only breakfast until maybe 11. I sat down at one of the bar tables along the wall and no one came to take my order so I ended up just taking a menu from next to the bar. The woman next to me was super irritated and ended up leaving because no one came to serve her.
I decided to take my menu and move to one of the high tables closer to other groups. The waitress finally came and took my order, which was an egg and cheese sandwich on a croissant. Unfortunately they said it was too early for a mimosa, I guess they don't serve alcohol until maybe 8, I forget. 
Now I love processed, greasy, carby, unhealthy food. Seriously do not get me wrong here but my sandwich tasted like plastic. The croissant had a processed, chemically taste that weirded me out. I ended up dousing the whole thing in hot sauce anyway but I still couldn't finish it. I really think their lunch options are probably way better but if you're looking for food super early in the morning you're better off picking somewhere else. I regret not just grabbing a snack and using the extra time to nap longer at Minute Suites nearby.Great food, Jordan was an amazing server. Even though the restaurant was busy during our entire layover he still had a good handle on the floor and made sure that we were taken care of during our visit. It's basic pub food. We had the mozzarella stocks, tenders, fries and a hot dog. It's not the place to eat when eating healthy but it's great food for a cheat day.Pros -- excellent service.  Waitress was extremely nice and friendly.
Cons -- the wraps are pre-made and refrigerated at low temp (mine had a little ice on the inside).  Also, all of the tables are barely big enough for two people.  There are a couple of 4-tops in the back, but these are 'reserved for larger parties'.  This is definitely not a place where you can work over lunch, as the tables are too small.Hint: there seems to be very little air circulation and warm air from the kitchen blows into the back of the restaurant, so position yourself upfront for a more pleasant experience (and you will smell less like fried food on your flight).
Fries - standard fries, but the best app we tried
Chicken tenders - too well done qualify as "tender"
Nachos - a less-than-mediocre dish smothered in ground meat and cheese whiz and beans, this is probably a poor choice for someone about to get on a plane or even someone in general
I do have to say the wait staff was very pleasant and accommodating, especially for having patrons with awkwardly sized luggage.My plane just touched down and the rear end started fishtailing as if the pilot were power sliding in Fast & the Furious. Well, any landing you can walk away from is a good one, and I wanted to go celebrate at the nearest bar.
Jack's was pretty crowded too as if people were coming to the airport for happy hour. The best thing was the price. I was expecting $10 drinks since it's a bar in an airport, but my 2 blue moons were $10. Excellent! Unfortunately, I couldn't stay and cause trouble since my connecting flight was boarding.The food is not great and I'm feeling it now as I wait for my plane. The one thing that saves it from getting 1 star is the service. The server was very pleasant and genuinely nice. I had the fish and chips. Stay away from that one. The house Pinot Grigio was good. Unfortunately at this terminal you have few options; particularly one's that include a sit down restaurant. So, I recommend that you stick to salad and soup here. If you need a drink, they have a fully stocked bar.These people charge roughly the same as a Philly bar, and not a high-end one. Like sitting in a Two Street tavern while waiting for your flight. After being ripped off by the standard "$3 more for a 'double' shot industrial airport bars, this is an oasis.