First time I came her my friends and I had a girls night out and we loved it.  Service was GREAT, food was TO DIE FOR and atmosphere AWESOME.  I have been back several times and still greeted with the same great service every time. 
If you just want to spend a few hours to hang out sit at the bar or outside this is the place to go.My fav pizza ever. I love this place don't really get much but the pizza and desserts. I know that everytime I get my freaking red leaf salad its missing the candy pecans and the last time my goat cheese was gross in my salad, but however when it's right it's right!We ate at this place late on a Thursday night. In case you didn't know, most of Philadelphia appears to shut down around 9:00 on a weeknight.
We ordered from their 'late-night' menu and tried the mushroom pizza and shrimp chimichurri. Both were pretty tasty. The best part of the meal, though, was their dessert menu. Oh my gosh. The chocolate cake was fabulous, as was the cookie taco they make.
If you go, ask for the dessert menu first. You'll want to save room!Unsure what exactly we were in the mood for on a Sunday evening, we found myself at Cooper's .  The options provided by the small plates, sides, and speciality pizzas were enough to make sure my group was able to find a few to agree on.  While the pizza was nothing to brag about, our desserts and the crabcake were impressive.  It fact, it may have been one of the best crabcakes I've had outside of Maryland!
While Cooper's was rather busy that evening, our waiter made us feel we were his top priority.  He took time to answer our questions, recommend wine, and was prompt in refilling our waters and wine glasses.
All in all a great meal, although a bit pricy.It was good food and good wine but overpriced for what the actual content was.Too expensive for the product.  The salmon was a bit undercooked and underwhelming in flavor.  I would definitely skip the scallop dish - $29 for 3 regular-sized scallops without a side was disappointing (the server even suggested against ordering it, should have listened).  Would have been less disappointed overall if it was less expensive.Nice HH spot on Main Street. Ken, the bartender was helpful in narrowing down choices. I had the fruit sangria, burger, and the butternut Mac and Cheese. The Mac and cheese it was cheesy and the squash made it creamy and delicious. My friend had the spicy meatballs which they really enjoyed. It wasn't too crowded on a Thursday night, worth a visit if you're in the area.I've never had a bad experience here.  Wait staff and bartenders are very attentive and always make you their priority.  Kelly is the best if she is bartending and you are sitting at the bar!  Ken is also great at the bar.  My favorites on the menu include (I don't eat meat so only listing fish and veggie options) mushroom soup, carrot and ginger soup, crab cakes, calamari salad, strawberry salad, mac and cheese, oysters, you cant go wrong with any of the pizzas.  For drinks, they have great wines by the glass.  I personally love the Bee Sting and the red sangria.Had brunch here Sunday.  The host was super awkward, it's like he didn't know what to say when we walked through the door.  Then when we asked to sit outside he acted strangely and had to go check with a waitress, even though over half the tables (which we just walked by) were empty and he could see that right through the window.  The woman who took us to our table was also awkward about it.  Maybe there was some host/hostess staffing problem that morning.
The eggs benedict was okay.  The delicious crab cake was a big highlight.  The sausage was tasteless and rubbery.  Everything else was fine.  The presentation was a little snooty.  It's just brunch, you don't have to make such a big presentation of a dish.
Coffee was good and the table service was fine, they refilled our coffees and waters frequently.  Our waiter was very gracious and considerate.  No pressure to leave.
Overall, I'd say this place is trying to be much fancier than it is, including the price.  They've got to get their acts together if they're going to charge so much.  They'd only get two stars if it weren't for that scrumptious crab cake.Had a delicious weekday celebratory lunch with a couple of glasses of Gloria Ferrer sparkling...yum!  Nice pour, I like how the menu specifies "6oz. 1/4 bottle" ha ha!! Loved the crab cake and Parmesan fries. Great table outside that was nicely shaded.I visit Philly every few weeks from Florida and Cooper's has everything I enjoy in a casual restaurant from atmosphere to food to drinks.  It supports local farmers and carries items on the menu you can only find in it's perfectly sized dining room.
I am an official pizza aficionado and Cooper's makes a great pizza.  Although it was a little too rich for my taste it was still perfectly cooked in the brink oven.  You won't go wrong with the cheese plate and house made Ginger Salami either.  There are about 7 cheeses you can choose from and they are all fantastic.  In fact, on Saturday Seth and I were there for about 2 hours sipping on drinks and talking over cheese plates on the outdoor cafe tables.
This is the type of restaurant that makes you come back over and over.  I have gone about 6 times in the past 3 weekends and it is quickly becoming my standard "go to" place for a reasonably priced, good night out.Easily one of the BEST burgers in Manayunk, if not the entire city. Served with a side of Parmesan seasoned fries that are to die for! Bartenders are friendly, service is quick and atmosphere is comfortable. Would definitely recommend a visit.This place has a warm atmosphere, sophisticated but not stuffy. The prices are worth it for the quality of food that is served. Service is prompt and the staff is friendly. If you order the spicy meatballs, make sure you have water. The three cheese pizza is to die for. Come hungry, leave happy.I went here for a girls night out, and it was perfect. Our waitress was great and very helpful. We ordered a bottle of prosecco and shared the Portabella & Shallot pizza. I'm a huge goat cheese fan, so needless to say we devoured this pizza as soon as it hit our table. It was the right amount of goat cheese and mushrooms! 
I'd definitely go here again for a low key dinner. It's a nice local spot.Cooper's is my favorite place to eat on Main Street. The service is always perfect and the food continues to be the best I've ever eaten. I've never been into cooking, but eating here makes me curious about what I now consider an art. 
Even though I've had it before, I couldn't help but have the lump crab cake for an appetizer again. Combined with the buttery sauce, it was the most amazing thing I've ever tasted. I even contemplated ordering the lump crab cake entree - it was so good. My friends talked me out of it and reminded me how much I loved the scallops. Again, they were unbelievable. We splurged and went for the ice cream taco for dessert. I stumbled home and fell into a beautiful food coma. 
Thank you Cooper's for being so amazing.Great service, great food, great atmosphere. I've been twice, once on the restaurant side and once on the bar side, and tried a bunch of different things each time. Nothing has disappointed! Our server was helpful and friendly - overall just a really enjoyable experience. Strongly recommend!Stopped in on a whim for appetizers and wine. Staff was friendly and courteous and made room for our stroller. It really would not have been stroller appropriate except that it was late Sunday afternoon. Server was knowledgable about menu and offered suggestions. Wine was perfectly chilled but def on the more expensive end. I had crab gesbacho which I highly reccomend very fresh and filling. My husband had oysters that were too salty for his taste but that is no fault of the resturaunt. I would stop in again for a quiet date and mealMac and cheese was pretty good.  Lime citrus strong but I like that.  Meetballs were spicy and probably the best value on the menu.  
Wine selection is too limited.  Only one Chardonnay and its from France?  California chard is a requirement for a wine joint in my book.  
Wait staff brought my rating down one star.   For the most part I felt Like I was invisible.  Conversation was strained, awkward,  and not welcoming considering size of the check.  Will try one more time unless the same waiter gets my table.I only stopped in for an after dinner drink.  Bartender was extremely friendly and knowledgeable.  Gorgeous place and the menu looks wonderful.  I would love to come back for dinner.  I'll update my review when I do!The hazelnut butter that comes with the Rogue Creamery Smokey Blue cheese is pretty amazing - as is the smokey blue cheese itself. The cheese is as potent as gym socks, and as delicious to humans as a gym floor is to athlete's foot. (...I just had to... sorry).
But the rest of the food at Cooper's is only okay, if not slightly unsavory. The truffle oil on the Portabello Mushroom and Shallot pizza is a wee overpowering, thereby inhibiting its consumer from enjoying the delicate thyme and shellbark goat cheese flavors. 
The Parmesan Fries are a little too salty. The asparagus with prosciutto is okay - the prosciutto is a little salty. The rock shrimp gnocchi was good - except for crunchy bits of the granules of sand in-your-mouth variety.Great food at a reasonable price. Nice atmosphere. This time I tried the spicy meatballs, crab cakes, and octopus salad. All good choices (if you don't like spice, stay away from the meatballs).Jake's is a great place for an upscale dinner in the middle of Manayunk. The menu is sure to please. It was pricey ($70 per person without alcohol) but we had a great meal and left feeling full and satisfied. I've heard that it's BYO on Sundays and Mondays. If you're in Manayunk and looking for a nice meal I would suggest Jake's.I recently had my rehearsal dinner here on a Saturday night for my wedding. We booked it well in advance and put down a deposit over the phone to hold the date. We live in NJ so we are out of towners who were getting married in the area. We met with the General Manger closer to our date to make sure we were all set. When we arrived at 5pm for our reservation of 17 people our tables were spread out in all different spots so we weren't sitting together. They told us it was "too complicated" to seat us all together even though the restaurant was dead and not busy they wouldn't seat us all together at this group of tables in the back due to their policy.. They also informed us that the party menu would be a la carte which people could order anything they'd like through out the dinner.  When we arrived we were then told it was Family Style.. We never were able to all sit together and the worst part was that the GM was so rude to my mom that it was appalling. I wanted to leave and not even eat there but we stuck it out and stayed. The wait staff was super great and the food was pretty good. I just would never recommend anyone having a party here it's not worth it because they don't care about you they only are greedy and want more business overall. I wish they just told me from the beginning that couldn't accommodate us and I would of went someplace else. Even after my fiance spoke to the GM privately, the GM apologized and said he would make it up to us but he NEVER did anything. I was truly disappointed with how unprofessional this place is and would def never go back.Stopped by for a quick bite. Pleasantly surprised by the wonderful menu. Happened to take part of Restaurant Week. Part of my meal was the Bronzino!
It was so delicious. Bartender Ken was awesome, very friendly and the absolute great employee for promoting the food and beverages. 
Can't wait to stop back inA Manayunk MUST. This is my absolute favorite restaurant on Main Street. The Margherita pizza is delicious and perfect for sharing, as is the portobello mushroom pizza. Octopus salad is absolutely
delicious.  The menu is seasonal, so keep that in mind. In the summer time, the tomatoes they use in their salads are some of the meatiest and best I've ever had. Definitely order them! Beet salad is also a winner. Skirt steak from the summer menu was very flavorful too. Butternut squash and apple soup in the fall was to die for. They have an awesome cheese platter assortment to pick from all year round. 
Whether it's a date night, mid-afternoon lunch, or a quick spot to grab drinks and apps, this place will not disappoint.  Friendly staff, decent wine selection and very nice decor. I fell in love with this place from my first visit and will continue to fall over and over again each time I go.We sat in the restaurant at a table next to the open doors to the bustling sidewalk and street watching the Manyunk Bike Race. It was a blast. The food was exceptional. We had a beet salad which included two different kinds, golden and red with these amazingly fresh and delicious ingredients. Also ordered the crab cake and shrimp. As a foodie who eats in restaurants all over the world I have to say everything was excellent! Our waitress was extremely  accommodating, allowing us to wait  for a better table while it was being cleaned and bringing us beer from their amazing list. As the racers flew by, we were close enough to lean out  and take some great videos of the race without being caught in the crush of the crowd outside on the sidewalk. Couldn't ask for a better experience.One of the best pizzas I've had in a while! Great happy hour drink specials. I hope the high top tables return to the bar area.Hands down one of my favorite places in Philly. Avoid the restaurant section. That section is a bit dated. Sit at the bar and let the staff take care of you. Friendliest staff in town. Excellent food. You must try the chicken liver mousse. Combine that with some red wine and you'll be in heaven. In the winter, try the lamb shank. I am proud to say that I tried every single item on the menu and they're all good. I never had bad food there and the food is consistent. If you want to try the pizza, go for the spicy meatball or the pepperoni. Both are really good. The best dessert (warm almond cake) is no longer on the menu. 
Great wine list. If you're not sure, ask Cosmo to recommend one. He usually has a white and a red wine as specials on the menu. They are good wines for a good price. 
Overall they get 5-stars from me because I think they truly deserve it. I know the foodies out there will disagree, but I don't care. That's that!
*** The almond cake is back on the menu, albeit in a different format. Ask for a crunchy crust.It has been years since I have been to Coopers. Mainly because I was boycotting it all this time because of a rude manager when they first opened.....but I have to say, I am HAPPY I gave it another try.
I was going out with a guy for the first time and did not want to go to any of the other "Manayunk bars"-because: 1. all young college students go there 2. I wanted a nicer place
We entered the wine bar and two hostesses greeted us and I believe the owner as well. At first I thought we were going to be casual and sit on the "Coopers side" but there was no seating, so we sat in the window at "Jakes side"
We ordered a bottle of wine to share as well as a fig pizza. Both were great. Service was attentive and everyone was really nice and friendly.
Sorry that I waited so long to go back and looking forward to going back!I couldn't wait for this place to open.  A couple years ago, if you wanted to go out for drinks in Manayunk and avoid a billion douchbags, your options were Derek's or Derek's.  Now, a few years later it seems like Manayunk is making a bit of a comeback... that or either all the 20-somethings who moved here a decade ago (myself included) are just getting to old to run around like drunk morons.
Anyway, I was hoping to get a Tria-like establishment, which this sort-of is, but they could have done a lot better. The food is good, but there is nothing on the menu that really stands out.  The pizza is average, there are no good appetizers and everything is a bit too expensive.  The decor, but there is something stale about the atmosphere.  I can't tell if it's the lack of music, or the clientel, but its missing something.  
Now that Agiato opened up, I think I will be going there instead.  The food is phenominal, the prices are way better and I like the atmosphere.Solid 4 stars for very good service and excellent bar. The food was good too and the location is fun.My boyfriend and I came to Cooper's for a special occasion and it was great. We shared a pizza, salad, and mussels...and we couldn't finish all the food! The ambiance was nice, and the wine selection good. We will definitely come back!I had reservations for Mother's Day @ 10am. They open @ 10am, so plenty of tables were available to be placed. We were seated at the closest table to the kitchen. Again, I had reservations. Not wanting to ruin the meal, I went along. Food was good, but not delivered together. My son waited a few extra minutes for his meal, chicken fingers. I probably won't go back knowing how they treat guests with reservations. Disappointing.Cooper's is my local go to place for dinner. The ambiance is dim lights, low key booths and high tops, comfortable but still a little bit upscale without being stuffy (especially in comparison to some louder, bar like local places). The menu is killer and I usually go with the cheese plate (tip: ask for the caramel fig), bottle of cheap red wine (or 2), mussels (tip: get extra bread - this broth is amazing) and/or a pizza combo. If you are checking out the sides, give the brussels sprouts a try.
The food in general is a little expensive for the area -- but well worth it and this also helps keeps a nice crowd coming back.Awesome! Sooo,we got stuck in traffic and we were looking for a place to go. Due to Yelp, we ended up here and wow what a night! Amazing food, fantastic wine & fun atmosphere. Escargot was to die for!Love this place! I made a reservation through OpenTable which really makes my life easy when it comes to making reservations. We got there about 10 minutes late but the staff didn't care. The place has a really cool vibe and they have outdoor seating and their front windows actually slide open so you can sit kinda inside and outside at the same time. My friends and I went for brunch. I had one of their small plates of meatballs with a side of cauliflower,their mussels & two rounds of mimosas.  Everything was delicious. I really look forward to coming back to this place, It's in such nice area of little shops and eateries that there's plenty to do. Also the parking garage right up the block only cost 8 bucks. Only thing I would complain about is them being a bit pricey,though I will gladly pay it all again for the great service and food we experienced.I went there for the happy hour, and was severely disappointed given all the hype.  The 76 French was tastless and the sangria a little better.  The parmesean fries and sweet potato crisps WERE good, but the service was awful.  Our bartender was inattentive and we waited for a good long while with empty drinks in front of us.  The Jr. Burger we ordered was immediately sent back - it was so undercooked that I'm not sure it was safe to eat.  After sending it back, no one checked on the service and they sent the SAME burger back, but burnt to a crisp this time.  Overall, a disappointing experience.Recently came here for brunch so I am updating my review. The service definitely deserves a 5 star. I spilled my mimosa on my plate so they offered to replace it even though I was half way done eating it. 
I ordered the jakes eggs Benedict. This was different than the Benedict I usually have at other restaurants. This one included asparagus, apple sausage, crab cake, and their special leek cream sauce which was delicious compared to the regular hollandaise sauce. My friend ordered the steak and eggs which was absolutely delicious as well. I would say this is the best brunch place in manayunk.This place is a great place for a date or for a catch up with a few friends.
The food was good, and the ice cream taco dessert is amazing - I want another one right now:)  check out my picture of the ice cream taco.
The service was good and all the food was yummy, although the scallops dinner wasn't too filling but that was fine as it left room for the lovely ice cream taco!! 
We will defintely be back !The drinks and pizza are consistently "a little better than average." I'm a fan of thin pizza, but the center of the pizza collapses a little because of the soggy dough.
The extra star is for the extremely friendly service. My friend and I brought our dogs on an extremely hot day, and we had two servers (animals lovers!) consistently refill the water bowl with ice cubes!Really like the bartender a lot. She makes my drinks the way I ask. Most of the time we sit at the bar and occasionally sit at a table. My ONLY complaint / question is can you PLEASE make more vegetarian or vegan options? I do the homemade chips all the time, and side veggies, but if there were more options for us non-meat product folk, it would make my bill a lot higher because I wouldn't have to leave for food elsewhere. I could just stay, drink and EAT there. Other than that, it's cool. But PLEASE, spare an animal somewhere on the menu...If you come here you HAVE to get the grilled octopus salad- one of the best things I have ever eaten! It's acidic, creamy, crunchy, and the octopus is charred perfectly! In addition to the food, the service and atmosphere were also on point. However be warned that when they ask if you want bread they will charge you for it (I.e. Not complimentary)Food and drink is a bit pricey, but can go for a flatbread pizza and wine for a fair price. Best part is dessert, three words, ice cream taco! All homemade and probably the best I have had. I will continue to go here for this alone, but the rest is good too!This is an excellent little place for reasonably priced food and draft wine.  The corned beef panini was moist, flavorful and perfectly grilled.  The atmosphere is pleasant with nice lighting, comfortable booths and no pretense.  Service was friendly and helpful.  My uncle treated me to a wonderful lunch today.  I can't wait to return next time I am in this area.Wish I could give Cooper's 3.5 stars.  I don't think it deserves a full 4 stars but I wouldn't necessarily consider it "average" either.  We arrived early on a rainy Friday night and were quickly seated in one of the long, lush, and plush red booths.  We ordered tasty dry and slippery wet reds, the new pork pizza, the pear/gorgonzola/spicy pecan salad, and a side of lemon spinach.  It was all tasty, but nothing entirely memorable.  I would have nixed the spinach since it definitely wasn't worth the $5.  We finished off the meal with the taco desert that was scrumptious.  The taco shell tasted like a super-sized cinnamon toast crunch graham square and was piled high with vanilla ice cream, white chocolate swirls, and an assortment of berries.  The entire taco of happiness was swimming in a bed of caramel and berry lava.  Quite good but I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.The service was great.  The food was mediocre. I had the short ribs and my son had the red leaf salad.  It needed seasoning. But the ambiance was nice.Awesome service!!  My wife and I stopped in for a drink on Saturday night after having had dinner at a different restaurant in Manayunk.  We were carrying leftovers and decided we wanted to grab a drink at Coopers before heading home.  When greeted at the door, the hostess offered to put our "to go" bags in their cooler so they would stay cold.  What incredible service!!!  When we sat down at the bar, the bartender greeted us and told us that whenever we were ready to leave, to let him know and he would run back and grab our bags.  Top notch service for just getting drinks.  We love this place and can't wait to go back.  (We have eaten there in the past and food is great too).Staying nearby, we were looking for a reasonable place to celebrate my birthday.  Being a bit of a wine fanatic, this seemed like a reasonable place.  The on-line web site also showed a menu that compatible with our tastes -- for the most part. 
We started out the meal with the "cheap" $20 bottle of white wine; it was a actually a very pleasant Spanish white ... Probably a $15-$20 bottle on the market.  Honestly, the other wines by the glass were a little pricier than they should be. 
We started out the meal with a couple appetizers -- the bread w/olive oil was very pleasant, although, honestly, it should be free.  I also ordered the marinated olives and my husband ordered the "special" soup -- butternut acorn squash soup, which was quite pleasant. 
We ordered a pizza and the chicken breast ... Both were quite pleasant -- if not a little pricey for what you got.  However, the portions were reasonable if not huge, honestly. 
At the end of the evening, we chose not get enjoy a desert, although some of the items sounded very nice.Love this place!  For wine - definitely try the Tinta  Fino, goes great with the Tarentaise!  I also really liked the Jake burger and a new salad with vanilla bean vinegarette (hubby and I shared both).  Great atmosphere and service!Great atmosphere, wonderful hostess and okay drinks.   This place use to be DEREKS, which was a great restaurant. Besides the friendly staff and okay drinks.   The prime rib with Lobster (SAUCE not meat) mashed potatoes taste like soap.   LITERALLY SOAP..   I did not even get around to Tire trying the prime rib.   My friend ordered pepperoni pizza that came out looking more greasy then Pizza Hut.  Great service thoughThe crab cakes are STILL the best!!
Husband and I stopped in on Friday and grabbed one of the outdoor tables, to enjoy the great spring weather!
The tables were a bit difficult as the sidewalk was slanted, the staff did a good job to check every hour or so that table tops were not wobbly. The bread was very good and thumbs up that the butter was whipped and not that hard cold patty they usually toss on the table.
The order, the crab cakes of course. He got the chicken sandwich and the french fries were perfectly crispy and sinfully delicious.
Our waiter, who pretty much served all the outdoor tables was very difficult to get a hold off to get refills on water and drinks, when we did grab his attention, he was well versed on the beer selection and made a couple great picks for my husband, who likes to think he is an IPA conossieur. The waiter invited us back for their beer pairing event in the summer.
The food was excellent,  although the service was super spotty. Had he not been so pleasant, our whole dining experience could have gone the other way.Love this spot. The atmosphere is wonderful. The bar is large and roomy. The lighting is perfect. The food is fresh. And the drinks are tasty. There was one small turn off once. My boyfriend was standing up near the bar talking with someone. The waitress came along and said "Excuse me" and when he didn't hear her she yelled "EXCUSE ME SIR." Not sure what her name was. But she didn't seem too pleasant. Anyway, that definitely does not stop us from going back. 
There was a bar tender who we loved. Not sure exactly what his name was. It was something like Hakeem maybe. He had glasses and went to NE High School. Very nice man. Sociable and knowledgeable of his liquor.Wandering around looking for a light dinner, my mom and I passed by Cooper's, and after a quick peruse of the menu, decided on it.  However, we weren't seated in Coopers, but rather next door, at...I can't remember the name.  Anyway, they're right next to each other.
We ended up getting a couple of pizzas - the King Oyster Mushroom for me and a Margherita for my mom, with some maple brussel sprouts.  The sprouts came first, which were a decent affair, though I think it could've been a little more maple-y, and certainly a little more carmelized.  After all, brussel sprouts that are prepared well are actually tasty!
The pizzas were also pretty decent, though certainly not drop-dead amazing affairs.  The margherita was...good.  Could've used a little more basil, and the sauce is a little salty.  The mushroom pizza was also good, with a great blend of cheeses, though again, just a little salty.  If anything, I think they could've used slightly less piquant cheeses and actually seasoned the mushrooms to balance it all out.  In both cases, the pizzas are thin crust, oven-baked style, but they leave a huge crust edge, of 1-1.5", which to me just screams cheap.
Our service was OK, though I had to ask for water twice despite our waiter having walked by our table twice.  The decor, though, is nicely modern and well put together.
Final verdict?  Good for something somewhat quick and casual, but...that's really about it.  Would I go back?  Eh...probably not.For some reason, I didn't want to like this place - maybe I thought "brick oven wine bar" was trying to hard - but the food is delicious and the wine selection is thoughtful. I haven't been disappointed yet.My husband just had lunch with a friend today at Cooper's.  We had been at Cooper's a while ago and had the burgers and parmesan fries and they were great.  Today, my husband tells me that they were awful.  He recommended the restaurant to his friend for lunch and was really sorry that he did.Co-workers and I went to Jake's and Cooper's this week for a "after meeting dinner".  Group of 16.
Our waitress was very attentive, and treated us very nicely. She did a nice job.
Food: we had a few appetizers.  Spicy Meatballs, olives, shrimp dumplings and truffle fries (technically a side dish).  I can say that I enjoyed all of the choices.  The spicy meatballs were great as long as you can handle some heat.  And the shrimp dumplings are definitely something I'd order again.
Dinner - many chose the ribeye which looked great. All seemed to enjoy it.  I ordered the whole bronzino. Got it with the head off.  This was VERY good. I spoke to a woman at the bar before we sat down and she recommended it. Great choice!  I believe it was $28 so the value was good.  The skin was crispy, and the actual filet was seasoned very well.  
I passed on the dessert, but took a picture of the ice cream taco because it looked super good.  
Long story short is that I do recommend coming here. I was told the pizza is good too if you want a quick bite!This place is the cutesiest little spot in Manayunk! I have lived in MYK for 6 months now and this is the first time I have been to Cooper's. 2 friends and I tried it out the other night and we are in love! Their happy hour is pretty good! Our server was adorable and it was funny that we found out he knows one of my co-workers! Their margarita pizza is delicious! I also loved the crispy yams and the cheap red which was tasty. This place is for sure a place I will visit more frequently.Food is always solid and service very attentive. There seem to be some inconsistencies in food preparation... Mainly the pizzas. I have had the same pizza (proscuitto) but made differently different times. Love the cheeses and how they are paired. Quail and pork chop are amazing. Overall a great spot for a good dinner.We had one of the best meals of our lives at Jake's last night.  For a friend's 50th birthday, five of us met at 8 on Saturday night.  We were promptly shown to our table, and they remembered that I had asked for a seat against a wall to help my hearing problem.  We started out with the fantastic cheese and charcuterie boards.  If you want a perfect meal, be sure to order them.  All of our party had the escargot as appetizers, and we agreed that they were phenomenal.  My husband, who has traveled extensively in France, said they were the equal of any escargot he has had in the fanciest of French restaurants.  
For our main courses, we had the crab cakes, which are a signature dish at Jake's, and the seared sea scallops.  Both were delectable, and lived up to their promise by staff.  Last, but certainly not least, we shared the ice cream taco and the special cheese cake for dessert.  The birthday girl was pleased and touched by the special effort the chef put into her dessert, with a "Happy Birthday" written in chocolate around the plate and a lit candle on the side.  The "cheap" red and white wine we ordered perfectly complemented our food, and were both better than what we would normally order in another restaurant.  
Overall, this was a wonderful experience for our birthday girl, and a miraculous save for her husband, who had forgotten to get her a present.  Thank God for Bruce Cooper Sr. and Jr., Cosmo and Jake's head chef, who made her feel special.  And for Seth, our waiter, who ably took care of us while making her feel like the most important person in the room.   Thank you all!
Jake's is now our go-to restaurant for all special occasions!I really always enjoy grabbing a drink at Coopers and really love the atmosphere. Unfortunately I am so bored of the menu. It is good food but I haven't seen a new thing on the menu in years.I think I ve never had a salad better than their octopus salad, the staff is very friendly, great classy atmosphere, been all around philly and its definitely my favorite placeI've been here a few times because my girlfriend's family likes it but I just don't get it. I've tried a few different cocktails but they're all ordinary and overpriced. The pizza, scallops, corn soup, corn Mac & cheese, taco dessert and ice cream sampler are good but again, not worth the price and nothing special. If everything was about 25% cheaper this place would make sense to me but your basically paying for the fancy, stuffy atmosphere.Somewhat busy for a Wednesday night, but the service didn't suffer.  Our group of five started off with a few appetizers.  The homemade potato chips were the freshest I've ever had; so simple, but perfect.  The bread was tasty, and cheap at $2, but we decided it should have been complementary.  Myself and one other friend were going through a beet phase, so we ordered the beet and goat cheese appetizer.  After a few bites, we just picked through for all the goat cheese, and I can declare that my beet phase is officially over.  I just didn't find the cold tasteless beets appetizing, but some might.  Onto the main act, the pizza!.  I got Lisa's Pizza, which was awesome.  Thin crust, with artichokes, spinach, olives, tomatoes, and peppers, if I recall correctly.  So good, I would def order that again.  I traded a piece of my pie for a slice of my friends, pesto, and the pesto pizza was a little overwhelming, and could have benefited from a higher cheese to pesto ratio.  Although I didn't sample them for myself, my friends raved about the meatball pizza and the short rib pizza.  Also, the Parmesan fries are to die for.  And no review is complete without a rating of the alcohol on hand, and cooper's get's an A+ for it's selection of adult beverages.  Large wine list, and lots of primo beers (high quality microbrews and some decent euros) on tap.  Also, an fyi, food comes out as it is ready, and they encourage sharing.Fantastic! Loved the Bistro Sirloin. My wife had the bronzino and she said it was the best bronzino she ever ate.I've been to Cooper's  a few times.  I think they have a great wine menu and at times their food is decent.  The problem is consistency.    Their pizzas are good but when it comes to other things, say the Jake burger, it's never done to the temperature requested.  The last time I was there, the burger was completely burned on the outside and bloody on the inside.  So charred that it was unedible.  I think it may have been the first time I ever sent anything back.  The desserts were ok and their parmesan fries are perfect.The worst service. We were ignored. Got there 7:00, left at 9:30. Waiter never said, "sorry taking so long, or your dinner will be out soon..etc" We just waited and waited. We finally got our appetizers..all except one. We asked.." will his mussels be out soon"  to which the waiter replied.."Oh, I forgot to put them in.."  2 people ordered hangar steaks..both came out cold. They both come with a special sauce. 1 person was so hungry he ate his cold. The other person sent it back. It came back still cold, without the sauce. Finally everyone was served (restaurant was empty..why it took 2 hours..) but the one. The waiter comes over and says.."the chef apologizes for overcooking your shrimp. I'm gonna leave it with you, but he is making you another batch.."  TERRIBLE RESTAURANT!!I'm updating my review as I ate here for lunch on Sunday with my family. I hadn't been here in three months and had a pleasant experience the last time. We had made a reservation but arrived early for a drink at the bar. When I asked the bartender if we could get a seat outside, he said he'd ask the hostess. A woman named Eleanor came over and said she'd try her best to get us a table outside (keeping in mind the bike race was going on). About 15 minutes later they had clear a table and we were seated out front. 
The food was so delicious. We had the Octopus Salad, Mushroom & Goat Cheese Pizza and Oysters to start. For our entrees, we had the Nicoise Salad, Korean Beef Tacos and Crab Cakes. The drinks were also very good. My sister and I shared the White Sangria pitcher, good enough size for two people and two drinks each. The service was attentive and friendly. I would definitely return and bring friends!The food is fantastic and creative.  Duck spring rolls = yum, burger is amazing, fries are delicious, and so is the pizza.  Good beer although not as much on draft as I'd expect.  Service was meh.  We sat outside - be forewarned there is a lot of noise / traffic from the street.This review is only based on the wine.   Coopers is noted as a wine bar but actually they either don't serve the year they say they have or if you order by the glass it seems like it's been out for days or weeks.  The wine is a total disappointment if you are a wine connoisseur!  Just stick to the food which is great.I've been to Jake's twice since moving to the Philly area and both have been enjoyable experiences.  
During the first trip I had a scallop dish, which I wouldn't say was everything I wanted it to be, but it was okay.  There were bits of bacon in the corn and potato mixture that came with the scallops, but they were almost too crisp... to the point I was worried about cracking a tooth.  The service was great though, but if you want to actually have a conversation with your fellow diners, it's probably best to sit in the dining room rather than the bar area.  
The second trip I decided to have what my sister had the first time I was here... the fig and blue cheese pizza.  It is such a good combination!  Also, the wine selection here is pretty great (as it should be though since it's a wine bar)!  
Oh - and probably the best feature about this place -- they have an in-house pastry chef so all of the desserts are made from scratch!  Soo good!Went to Coopers last night for dinner and drinks and was pleasantly surprised!  The reviews on here had been kind of luke warm so I did not have high expectations.  However I really enjoyed myself the place has a very relaxed warm feel about it and the staff is very friendly.  Our food was great the Parmesan fries and mussels were my favorites.  If you get a chance you have to try one of there deserts they are soooo good.  A healthy beer selection with a good choice of micro-brews.  I will definitely be back!The atmosphere made me feel like I made it to a classy restaurant downtown without the headache of getting downtown... 
Be warned, the food is slightly pricey for Manayunk. However, their "cheap wine" is actually pretty good (@ $12 for a half carafe, it is not a bad deal). The food was good, but the serve put it over the top. Our server Richard was very attentive without being pushy and checked in just enough to make us happy without driving us insane. Worth adding to your tour of Manayunk restaurants!two stars is a stretch. lousy service. mis-timed plate delivery. TINY portions. now i'm not gung-ho about huge american portions, but my shimp bolognese had about five (YES FIVE) pieces of pasta in it. i was literally able to eat the entire dish in about seven bites. if it wasn't for being out with awesome people, i'd have left.
as for price, who is jake kidding?  this is manayunk, not rittenhouse square. get over yourself.
oh. not that i'm a stickler for bread, but that should ALWAYS be served free and unrequested. not at jakes. it's $3 for a small loaf.
overall: pass.  there are plenty of other places to eat in manayunk (like chabba right next door).
one last thing: there's nothing more annoying than the hostess coming over to refill your water glass every time you take a sip. we're not in chinatown.  if only the server had half the attentiveness our little hostess had.Pizza is decent. Wine is decent. Service is decent. 
From the looks of this place outside, I was all kinds of excited to eat there for months. Then I did. And they had pizza or tapas style stuff. Damn.  On a med school budget, I can't be ordering loads of small appetizer plates to share with my 12 other hungry friends. 
Next time I'll check out what Jake's has.Great dining experience.  Went to Jake's last night with 4 friends and we all agreed that everything - from food to service - was excellent.  Highlights included the mushroom soup, the chicken liver mousse, the calves liver, and the pumpkin bread pudding. Our server was attentive without hovering.  The noise level was low, which was a welcome change from most restaurants these days. This was one of the restaurant experiences I have had in a long time.We went during a "restaurant week" special and still felt it was overpriced for the quality. Something was "missing" even thought they were nice enough. We won't go again but we wish them well.I have been there twice, sat at the high top bar tables for drinks and tapas, and I left satisfied each time.  Besides the normal bar fare you have the option for more inventive food, (I think I had a fig pizza and a roasted beet and goat cheese salad).   I found the prices and service reasonable for its "casual sophisticated atmosphere" and Main Street location.  If I was really hungry and wanted a big meal I probably would coopers would not be my first choice, however for the wine and bar food options, its one of the best on Main Street.I don't have a lot to say about Jakes, except that I went there for my birthday dinner last year and I ordered a glass of milk with my birthday cake. I took one huge gulp of the milk only to find that it had gone bad. 
I just wanted to put that on the record.Met up with a friend for dinner here and was not disappointed. The service was excellent - attentive but not overly so, and helpful when making choices. We shared the beet salad and the BBQ pork pizza, both of which were great, and the "cheap" red table wine was solid. Really, though, the night belongs to dessert.
We ordered the ice cream sampler (lactose intolerance be damned!) - a scoop each of brown butter maple pecan, chocolate covered pretzel, bittersweet chocolate, and brownie caramel. Not one of them was less than stellar. I'm not usually a maple pecan person, but it was almost savory-sweet. Delicious. They somehow managed to make it so the pretzels didn't get soggy in the ice cream, which is some kind of sorcery. And the brownie caramel was my friend's favorite. But the bittersweet chocolate, which I kind of expected to fade into the background, was epic. It was at once light and rich, making you want to both savor every morsel and eat it in one bite. So. Good. 
I saw a thing on Pinterest recently - "Money can't buy you happiness, but it can buy you ice cream, which is kind of the same thing." Truth.We had a variety of selections from oysters, pizza, and tuna tartare. They were all average and not worth their center city price tag. I would pass on this place and go downtown if you're going to spend $100 per person with wine. The server was also so uninterested in engaging so just an overall subpar experience.