University City has definitely brought some good places to eat including this place.  Every Monday their pork sandwhich is 5 bucks with the fixings. They could add more meat to their sandwhiches but still very tasty.OMG. Better than I thought. I got the Mensch and the Turkey Farm Fries (Sharp prov, turkey and gravy on fries) delivered. OMG.......
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
OMG...........Just had the Mensch. It was Delish! Thanks to the owners and staff for recognizing public safety with your Police and Fire Special.After hearing about Jake's online and looking at their menu online, I was excited to have a new sandwich place in University City. However, after visiting the restaurant and trying the food, I was somewhat disappointed in the service.
When I visited there were only 3 other customers, however no one greeted me and I had to ask several times to order after being ignored by the employees. Not really a great first impression.
The menu is pretty good, and the portions are generous. I would definitely say that this place is better than the Jimmy Johns around the corner. I ordered the Barnyard, which was ok, but I would probably suggest you choose your own toppings as the menu selections are a bit odd.
I'm giving this place 2 stars because the caption Yelp assigned was "Meh. I've experienced better.", which is exactly how I feel.This place rocks.  I am a huge fan of the food, especially the brisket.  It would be nice if they had some more sensible options for the waistline but sometimes you have to live a little.  And if you're deciding to live a little, I would recommend a side of fried pickles.  This is a sandwich shop and they have great sandwiches. No doubt about that.  They could make it even more top notch, though, if the bread were a little better--it feels like a standard long roll rather than something that knocks your socks off like the rest of the sandwich does.  That's just one man's opinion, though.  I know a lot of people I eat with actually really like the bread.I stopped by Jake's on a Wednesday around lunchtime and ordered myself a steak and egg cheesesteak with spicy ketchup. It was a relatively slow day, but the wait time was a bit longer than I expected. However, the food and atmosphere made the wait worthwhile. The sandwich itself was good, but not as flavorful as I had envisioned. As far as cheesesteaks go, it wasn't the cheesiest, nor the steakiest. But overall, it still tasted pretty good (3.5 stars, in my book) and wasn't nearly as messy as it could've been considering there was a fried egg in it. It certainly wasn't the dense greaseball of a cheesesteak that Philly is often known for, but maybe that's a good thing. Coming in on a Wednesday was a stroke of luck as well, since I was able to get a free order of fries (which were delicious) to go along with my sandwich, totaling my meal at just under $10. It's probably not the most affordable sandwich shop in the area, but I felt that the quality of the food balanced that out.I tried this place for lunch with a friend, and was satisfied. They offer beef brisket, pork, turkey, and veggie sandwiches, and you can choose one of their signature sandwiches or make your own. 
I decided to get the 'classic pork' sandwich since I thought I'd start with the basics. It has pulled pork, broccoli rabe, and sharp provolone in it. I thought the sandwich was pretty good, but it was kind of bland. I decided to put sriracha on most of it. They also have some sort of 'fire sauce' which I did not try, but looks like a promising hot sauce.
Next time, i will definitely try one of their more interesting sandwiches in the hope that they are more spicy. However, I think the place itself was really nice, modern, and clean. They also have a deal where every 3rd of the month, their sandwiches are $3, so I look forward to trying that (their sandwiches are like $8-$10 right now, so not cheap, but not too bad).Jake's is always a delicious choice for lunch. They have a fantastic assortment of tender/smoked/pulled meats and a number of creative sandwiches.
Highlights include:
- The Brisket
-Anything with the garlic spread
- Fried pickles
- Seeded rolls
They also have peanut chews available for purchase (i.e., the perfect amount of dessert after lunch)
You can also order ahead of time through their website for quick pick-up.Got the Mensch and it was amazing. The horseradish spread alone made it worth it! Onions and brisket were great too. Definitely will be back to try some of the other delicious sounding combinations.I ordered from Jake's this past Thursday and I will certainly be ordering from them again. First off, the delivery driver showed up at the worst time or maybe it was the perfect time. Now this wasn't his fault. Unbeknownst to me there was an underground fire directly in front of my building. He informed me of what was going on and just as I peeked out the door I saw a cop yelling for everyone to evacuate. I quickly told the driver I'd have to call him back. Some 10 to 15 min later after I evacuated I called him, expecting that he had left by then. Nope! He waited it out across the street until I could get out if my apartment. He also texted me later to make sure everyone was safe. So nice of him!
Now the food. I built my own sandwich. It needed a few more veggies (I'm vegetarian), the bread to veggie ratio was off, but otherwise it was fantastic. You have to love the option of getting crispy onions or fried pickles in your sandwich. They definitely don't skimp when it comes to the spreads\sauces. I can't speak on behalf of the carnivores I was with but they too seemed to enjoy their food. I'll definitely be ordering from Jake's again.I really love this place!  Definitely one of the best lunch/dinner spots on campus and it's open late on Fridays and Saturdays so it's an ideal stop on your way home from Blarn/Smokes.  My absolute favorite is the village turkey.  The potato pancakes are pretty killer too.  The food may be expensive but the servings are huge and it's super filling.  I usually can only finish half my sandwich but I always save the other half and because the bread is so hardy it's delicious as a leftover too.  It's a cool place and immaculately clean which as a germaphobe I love.  The staff is also incredibly friendly.  If you're a sandwich fan then definitely check this place out.Tried this place a few weeks ago with a friend who raved about it. I'm sorry to say, but I was not impressed at all. This place is overpriced and over-hyped and decidedly not worth it. 
The basic options here are either brisket, roast pork, turkey, or roasted veggies as a sandwich. I really dislike both pork and brisket, which left me with turkey as my only option. Strike one. I tried to make myself feel better about my limited options, because I do really like turkey and the sandwich combinations they had sounded great. Wrong! I had the Midtown Turkey ($10), which is turkey, cheddar, provolone, avocado puree, roasted veggies. The turkey was dry as a bone, the avocado puree was barely there, and the cheese was this weird shredded confetti-like substance that didn't resemble the cheddar it claimed to be, either in taste or appearance. The roasted veggies were hard as rocks and had no flavor or seasoning at all. To add (further) insult to injury, the sandwich was messy, with veggies, turkey, and cheese, constantly falling out. Sandwich fail. Pros? The sandwich was pretty big, but if the flavor isn't there and the sandwich sucks, what's the point? 
Jake's ambiance was majorly lacking too. I don't expect a quiet, intimate dining experience, but this was pretty poor. Almost all of the seating here is short, uncomfortable stools, most of which are at this long, communal table in the center which can get pretty raucous with the right clientele (during our visit, frat boys). With the dining room at the front of the restaurant, expect to get blasted with cold air every time someone enters, which is a major drag on your meal. Between the seriously uncomfortable seats and awkward tables, t's definitely not a place to catch up while enjoying a leisurely meal, that's for sure. 
All in all, this place is WAY overpriced for what you get and not even all that great. SKIP IT!I ordered from here for a work function (and did not partake) and promptly lost the receipt. I went back a couple of weeks later and asked for a copy- no problem! They immediately found it for me. 
While waiting for the printed copy I decided to try one of their sandwiches - I'm a vegetarian, so the Crunchy & Hot sounded good. I looked away for a couple of minutes and when I looked back it was being loaded up with the grilled veggies. I didn't realize it came with those, and since I have a mushroom allergy, I quickly asked for him to stop. When I explained my problem, he offered to make my sandwich over and freshly grill some veggies without mushrooms. !!!! Anyone with an odd allergy probably recognizes that this is a pretty awesome thing- usually these pre-made foods are of the "you get what you get, that's how it is prepped" variety. 
Sandwich and fries are delicious and I will definitely be coming back! Super service wins again :)My first time at Jake's was on 5/2 when they had their "all sandwiches $3 from 11-1 pm" promo! The line was OUT THE DOOR at noontime and we waited about 30-35 minutes. After ordering though, our food was ready in 5-10 minutes - super efficient service! Surprisingly though, my friend who ordered the roasted broccoli sandwich took a lot longer than our Italian and Barnyard chicken cheesesteaks. 
I don't eat beef, so I loved how there were so many options that weren't just cheesesteaks! I debated between ordering the Italian and Barnyard chicken cheesesteaks the entire time I was in line and ended up convincing my friend to order the Barnyard, while I ordered the Italian so I could try both  Barnyard was yummy but the fresh garlic on the Italian was the money maker!!! The bread was a hoagie-type that cheesesteaks are usually served in, but not super oily and all ingredients were fresh. Overall, the sandwich was filling, fresh and absolutely delicious. Only reason I took a star off is because 1) I was really hungry before I ate at Jake's -- and we know everything tastes better when you're hungry and 2) not sure if I would pay full price for the sub... which is why you should come on Monday or Tuesday when they have $5 pork cheesesteaks and BOGO chicken cheesesteaks, respectively. Would definitely recommend Penn students to give this place a shot!  Don't let other people's misled opinions of it being an "overpriced sandwich place" prevent you from trying it yourself.I tried the brisket cheesesteak a few months ago and forgot to post a review. Time to rectify that. 
Unfortunately, there wasn't much meat on the sandwich, and the meat was a bit greasy and lacked flavor/seasoning. The provolone and onions were good, as was the roll, but there was no sauce to give it flavor. Overall, it was expensive ($9 plus tax) for what ended up to be a mostly bread sandwich. 
My other issue is variety. There are a few veggie sandwiches (and they have added a few summer specials to draw people in), but they only have maybe a dozen types of sandwiches which are somewhat similar. And before the summer specials, there was no chicken on the menu (only turkey, brisket, and pork), which I found pretty strange. 
The staff is really nice, and the restaurant is always clean (though empty). I am often enticed by their offerings but refuse to pay $8.50+ for a bread sandwich when I could buy a roll at the grocery store across the street for less than $1.I've got a fever. And the only prescription is.... more Thanksgiving sandwiches. Luckily, the prognosis is looking good. Something about the concept of Thanksgiving on a Roll has always appealed to me. I've made a new goal of chasing down that perfect ThanksgivWich within the city of Philadelphia, since my beloved Capriotti's is too far. Up first?
Jake's Sandwich Board's Turducken 
Jake's has always been a favorite spot of mine, mostly because it's truly a place that reminds you how high you are on the food chain. Sandwiches topped with turkey, brisket, bacon, pulled pork, or a mix of a few.... Seeded rolls, sriracha mayo, and a number of other toppings from long hots to bitter greens, avocado to cheese, roasted vegetables to pickled red onions. But I had tunnel vision.
I had heard tell of this "Turducken" Sandwich, but finally today took the 5 block stroll over to get one of my own. Seeded roll with cranberry apple sauce, sweet italian sausage, creole roasted duck, chicken and turkey topped with potato pancakes.
This sandwich was delicious... and super busy. The base of cranberry-apple sauce, but some of the flavors might have been lost in the.... well, in the other flavors.
I think a great challenge of the ThanksgivWich is to allow the multitude of ingredients to sing in harmony. And while the Turducken was tasty, it was rare to get a bite that contained more than 1 or 2 ingredients. The seeded roll, however.... that was just a crusty delight.
This is a sandwich meant to be served and consumed hot, and the addition of the potato pancake was an EXCELLENT one. Unfortunately, due to the size of the medallions, only a few bites of the sandwich actually contained the potato crunch. I actually think that there could be a few more if they were smaller, and that could lead to more potato bites. Which is a good thing.
I'll keep coming back to Jake's. I love their charming bathroom illustrations, their creative sandwich toppings, and the casual atmosphere. The sriracha flows like water, and that's a good thing.The food was excellent! This was my first time here, I ordered a pork sandwich & potato pancakes (basically, tator tots). The delivery was super fast and the delivery person was friendly. The only reason I'm giving this three stars is because their food is WAY overpriced. I can get a brisket special at Hershel's twice the size for what I paid today. That is the only reason I wouldn't order again. Small portions for the money.I'd only come here for their $3 on the third day of the month deal, so it was a steal for how much food I got. The lines were out the door, but usually when I pass it it's pretty empty since it just opened.
I decided to try this place after a friend recommended it to me and ate his sandwich in front of me, which smelled amazing. 
When I actually ordered my food however, the sandwiches are packed with a LOT of meat-- great for some, but a taste would have been enough for me--I wanted more vegetables to round out the taste! Probably great sandwiches if you're super into southern BBQ, but I would not eat one by itself for lunch--too greasy, needed to drink a lot of water and eat carrots afterwards. 
They were giving out small bottles of Sriracha though (I didn't get one...), which was nice of them. Seems like they are trying to really promote their business,  since the location is a bit out of the way and a normal sandwich is $8-$11, which is a bit pricey.Jake's Sandwich Board is a wonderful addition to University City. 
I browsed some of the other reviews, and I think your experience depends on what you order. I saw their beef brisket and pulled pork and knew I had to have it. 
They have so many different combinations - I could work my way through their menu and probably not get tired. Their portions are very large (at least for me, but I'm also a very small person) so I can eat half and save the other for my next meal. 
I think this place is fabulous if you are "into" this sort of thing, but if you aren't, you probably will not have a good time... 
Also, who rates service for a place like this... really?The big pull at Jake's is the meat, and they deliver on it. The brisket is consistently tender and juicy; the meat falls apart as you bite into it, and is topped with some crumbled provolone and horseradish ("The Mensch"). I like to throw on some spinach and mushrooms too.Way overpriced for a smallish stale roll with minimal filling inside of it.  The staff was nice and the shop was clean though.The place has a nice homemade, smokehouse-style vibe and the sandwich options are all pretty interesting, but the food is just alright. Got two sandwiches delivered: the Mensch, one of their staple sandwiches, and the spicy pork sandwich because it's topped with a deep fried long hot pepper (I mean who isn't a sucker for deep fried food?)
The Mensch was definitely the better of the two, and I can see why it's one of their most popular. The meat-to-bread ratio wasn't great but the brisket was juicy and tender. The caramelized onions, melty cheese, and  horseradish spread complemented the meat well and every bite was yummy.
The spicy pork was definitely a miss. The meat was dry, with combined with the pretty thick bread made it kind of tough to get through the sandwich. Even with the "fire sauce" which tastes like a light sriracha mayo, the sandwich was really dry. The pickled onions were kind of just there, but the deep fried long-hot was super thick and crunchy. The ingredients didn't all mix well, and in the end it just tasted like I was eating a bunch of different things thrown together. Maybe their seasonal menu
For $8-9 a sandwich, their portions are just ok and the quality is definitely hit-or-miss. It's an alright place to try but not a must-visit.You can always count on neon lights of pigs and cows to rope me in to try a place.  And having never heard of Jake's Sandwich Board before, I was pleasantly surprised.  I tried the steak and egg and was very pleased with my choice! They even have a version of one of my most guilty pleasures, poutine. (I think they use provolone instead of curds, but let's be real, what could go wrong with any meat, cheese and gravy over fries?!)  The staff at the university city location was very helpful in helping us decide and very patient as I combed the menu which is always appreciated in a semi-fast food style joint.  Overall for the price and quality I'll definitely be coming back here more often for a quick bite.I used to be a huge fan of this place but they've recently changed and quite frankly it sucks. I loved having the ability to create my own easily, now you have to go and special order it without knowing the options. My most recent experience I waited 25 minutes for a sandwich and then they proceeded to not include my sides. Totally disorganized and not on top of things I could see others not that there was many of them to constitute almost a half an hour wait visibly frustrated as well. If you're thinking about coming here it's not the Jakes that Philly used to love anymore.Tried the food twice. Don't remember what I had the first time, but apparently I wasn't impressed, since I had never returned again. Then, I attended a catered lunch, which had sandwiches from Jake's Sandwich Board, so I tried them again. 
- Village turkey: I liked how the bacon was on top of the sandwich. The crispy bacon complemented the tender pulled turkey well. The black cherry spread was good, adding sweetness and savoriness to the (fairly dry) meat-heavy sandwich. 
- Cheesesteak: awful, so dry and so bland. I never liked cheesesteaks much, and this was no exception. It LOOKED good with caramelized onions on the top, but they added absolutely nothing to the dry, bland taste.  
- 50/50 (half pork and half bacon) - 50/50, really? I didn't even notice there was bacon in the sandwich, since there was so much pork. It was more flavorful than the other sandwiches -- not because of the meat but because of the Sriracha spread, which was slightly spicy and flavorful, but there was too much of it (an unpleasant- and unhealthy-looking amount) in the sandwich. It made me feel guilty for eating it.
Overall, the meat sandwiches just tasted kind of dry, not much flavor, and really needed the spreads to make them more flavorful and edible. I added pickles, which didn't do much help there. Plus, the sandwiches are pretty overpriced, since the meat tasted just the same as other places... I don't see many people eating there, so it's not a very popular place.The Mensch and the "cheeseburger" both brisket sandwiches.  Tender brisket, hearty bread and the fries pickles....mmmmm.  
The fried pickles are a new phenomenon that most people mess up royally.  They either use cheap pickles, you know what I'm talking about, the ones that are that weird neon yellowish green and don't have a snap, those pickles.  But not Jack's, it's a really good dill, white flesh, dark green outer ring and the breading, very minimal which is always best.  Don't hide the pickle, unless your in the bedroom (pause).
Service is quick and friendly, the prices are fair considering the quality of meat being served.  People are saying it's expensive but I don't think so because I pay $10 for a cheesesteak when the mood strikes.  The restaurant is super clean and according to my husband the restroom is superb.  He states the bathroom was clean, fresh, cool (nothing worse than a hot restroom) and if he had to "go" for real, he wouldn't be afraid to sit!
So please stop by Jacks and get a sandwich.I came here for lunch today and it was good but nothing to write home about. 
I got the 9th street which was a cheesesteak with cheese whiz and caramelized onions.
It was so messy!! Everything came out of the sandwich every time I took a bite...
The place is clean, workers are nice, and its a bit expensive. 
For cheesesteaks you need a long roll that can hold everything in while you it eat. The rolls they use are fresh but I didnt think they went well with my sandwich.1. $3 on the 3rd? 
2. expect some lipase action from the grease
3. hipster vibe
Consumed: 
Migella 
Barnyard
Farm Fries
I guess it isn't too late that they finally open new restaurants in my last year in the city of brotherly of love. Jake's Sandwich adds to the food selection around campus and it's a positive addition for the most part! I honestly would give this place more of a 3.5 rating, but because I know that new places always have it's rough spots, I rounded up. The sandwiches are tasty. I prefer the brisket over the pork and it was decently tasty. The fire sauce was not very firey and I had the hardest time getting it out of the glass bottle. After too many shakes without too much sauce coming out, I just resorted to siriracha. 
It is overpriced, so I probably won't come back too frequently though you may see me around on the 3rd when sandwiches are apparently $3.After a long day I stopped by the jakes in university city, and it was exactly what I needed.  I ordered the 50/50 sandwich and it was delicious.  The pulled pork was great but the massive amount of bacon is what set it over the top.  Will 100% be going back.Jakes!!! I feel like I have officially added it into my repertoire of the same 10 restaurants that I rotate through living the life of a constantly hungry Penn student. I do have some recommendations - go for the brisket. I have tried the pork, and it just could not come anywhere near the delectable quality that the brisket has. You can't go wrong with their pre-set selections, but I usually try to switch it up and create my own brisket concoction. I don't think I've had the same thing twice, but each time I leave extremely stuffed. Is Jakes a little greasy? Yes. Make no mistake, this is not Sweetgreen.Jake's menu is artfully arranged, with block lettering and a style which harkens back to memories of an old Western smokehouse. But don't be fooled by lines like "ridiculously creative sandwiches", "hand-carved", and "house-roasted". Jake may have some positive qualities, but he isn't quite as awesome as he thinks he is.
My sandwich's thin roll was somewhat tougher than I expected and didn't taste freshly-baked. It wasn't sliced all the way though either, and the amount of meat was simply paltry. The pork looked good at first, but each bite was completely dry and tasted like cardboard. I've honestly made better in my oven with a handful of cupboard seasonings. Broccoli rabe was overcooked as well. Their sriracha spread sounds tasty, but it's not spicy at all and pretty bland. Even Jake's "fire sauce" is only slightly spicy. Jake's saving grace is their french fries. When they are fresh, they are delicious! Slightly thicker than average, crispy on the outside, and full of dense potato-y on the inside. I've heard only good things about the brisket though, so that'll be the order if I ever go back.
Jake's touts itself as a hallmark Philadelphia staple, but you'd be better off ordering from a food truck. Better yet, try Paesano's in the Italian Market instead if you want the real deal.Went in a few minutes before they opened cause I was out of ideas for breakfast, and the guy working the counter served me happily anyway.
There's no breakfast items, but they have a steak and egg sandwich which I had him throw some bacon on. It came with a siracha ketchup and was really good. Seeded roll put it over the top.
Little pricey - I get the add ons for bacon and cheese, but a 12 dollar sambo hurts a little. 
Pancakes potatoes as a side were good too.50/50 is a great sandwich. I had midtown turkey. Delish. Great bread. Unique and flavorful combos of veggies.To be honest, was really not impressed by the food quality at Jake's Sandwich Board. I'm a huge carbs person and am usually so, so excited for sandwiches with interesting fillings and sauces, but this place just didn't do it for me. Jimmy John's for the win.
The ambiance is cute, and the service is quite fast (might just be because it is relatively new). I ordered the MIDTOWN TURKEY and was disappointed by the meat quality, how soggy the sandwich became within a matter of minutes (from the avocado spread), how "off" the grilled vegetables were (I had to pick them out of my sandwich after a while because the texture was just so weird). The only saving grace for me was the bread... and even then, I liked it. Didn't love it.
Overall, don't think I'll be coming back here because I do believe there are better sandwich options (both in my own apartment and on campus). Would be curious to see how the make-your-own option compares to their pre-set sandwiches, as well as how the "bowl" option tastes.Jakes has a variety of creative sandwiches.  We ordered the  "Cheeseburger"- mild provolone and carmalized onions and "crunchy n hot"- garlic spread, mild provolone and crunchy long hot. 
I thought the cheeseburger was pretty good, very different but the crunchy n hot was too hot for me. 
All in all. This place is good for a quick sandwich.I went in here to try it out.  The staff was friendly, although the place was empty so no idea how they are under pressure.  Sandwich was OK, and it costs $10.  Yumminess to dollar ratio not so great, I feel like it should have been a $5 sammy, then it would be a legit place.I enjoy the food at Jake's. I've been to their center city location. I would say the quality of the food here is on par. My experience at the University City location (I've only been once) was not the smoothest experience. I ordered a pork bowl, and not only did server forget my gravy, but when I sat down to eat, I discovered he had forgotten the pork, even though I was charged for the pork. I literally had a bowl of fries, veggies, and gravy. He was very nice about the mistake and gave me an extra helping of meat afterwards, but it was such an elementary mistake that I was confused about the training of the staff. Maybe it was an off day for him. Regardless, I'll be back because of the food! I just hope that this experience is not of the norm!Me likes dis lotz. Its totes yummers in da tummers.I love Jakes in Center City. I am not a huge fan of this location. The person making my sandwich on Monday cut off the ends of my roll (less sandwhich) and there was not much meat. I also was the only person at the counter and 3 people behind the counter kept apologizing for making me wait. (They must be newbies.) Finally, the person making my sandwich must have been nervous.  He kept shaking while cutting the roll, and when I said I wanted gravey on the side, he said 'gravey or aujus' repeatedly after I kept saying, 'I want the gravey.'Wasn't really impressed after hearing some friends rave over the sandwiches here. Had the "Mensch" Brisket sandwich, mixed basket and potato pancakes. Nothing really stood out to me. It wasn't bad but not rave worthy.Jake's has a really interesting selection of sandwiches, with pretty unique combinations. But just because they're unique doesn't necessarily make them innovative. Some of the sandwiches are really overpowering, and not in a good way. 
Still a decent place for a quick sandwich if you're in a rush.I have agree with others that the meats are on the greasy side. I got the turkey as a salad and it was swimming in grease from the meat. I also expected the meat to have smokiness to it but really it was pretty bland and didn't even taste like it was brined prior to cooking (read didn't even have salt).I came here because I found a BOGO coupon on the ground outside my gym. I'm going to have to assume that the options with meat are much tastier than the broccoli one, which only had roasted broccoli, jalapenos, feta cheese, and one of their sauces inside. Although it tasted all right, the limited vegetarian menu really bummed me out. 
If they ever took the time to expand their vegetarian menu, I'm sure I'd like this place more. All their ingredients seem fresh and they cook them on the spot right behind the counter. For my dietary situation, I would never go and pay $7 for a four-ingredient sandwich.I had the best sandwich I've ever eaten here. I built my own on grubhub and picked it up. That said, it was ready a good 15 minutes before they said it would be, so it had been sitting a bit when I picked it up. 
There was not a single person inside other than the employees, which I hope is atypical. 
I did turkey on wheat with black cherry spread, Mixed Baby Greens, Mild Provolone, Pickled Red Onions, BBQ Sauce, Crunchy Onions and Bacon. I think it's dumb to charge extra for wheat bread, but ok. Also, grubhub said that the BBQ sauce would be on the side, it wasn't. This was still the most delicious sandwich! I can't go as often as I'd like because $13 for a sandwich is too much to do regularly, but it was good enough to make it on my once in a while roster.
Give 'em a try!Pretty nice that another sandwich place opened up around Penn in addition to the food trucks around and Jimmy John's. Jake's is pricier, and the sandwiches are not as big but they are packed with a lot more meat. 
They also offer you your choice of having your classic sammie on rolls, in a bowl, over a salad, or over fries! Pretty creative.
I ordered the Megillah, which was a big disappoint for me. The sandwich consists of slow-roasted brisket with beef bacon, sirarcha ketchup, and sharp provolone. The sharp provolone was a little too intense for me and overwhelmed the taste of the meat. I personally thought the brisket was very bland and dry. I wanted some good, tender brisket, but sadly, I didn't get that from Jake's. In addition to the disappointing meat, I also felt like their rolls were a bit too chewy as well. It was quite the effort to eat the sandwich. I'm all for effort, but not when the taste and reward from a sandwich left me feeling unsatisfied.I ordered from the Summer special menu: the buffalo cauliflower. It was a small bowl having 5-6 very small florets of cauliflower breaded with pretzel crumbs that were marinated in buffalo sauce. The food was flavourful but the portion couldn't even satiate a toddler and wasn't worth the $8.10 (post tax price).The best sandwiches in Philly. Yes, I mean that! 
Jake's offers a fun, build-your-own sandwich experience. You can choose between turkey, brisket, pork, and roasted vegetables, about eight spreads, six sauces, and fifteen (basic) toppings. For a couple extra bucks, you can add interesting premium toppings, like a crunchy (fried) long-hot -- think an eight inch long jalapeno pepper -- or fried tomatoes. Included among the spreads is one of my personal favorites, Jake's own fire sauce. It'll knock your socks off, and I like my food on the spicy side.
I don't know what these guys do to their meats, but they are all delicious. My personal favorite is the pork, but the turkey has been great every time I've gotten it as well. I haven't gotten the brisket much, but that's more because I don't like brisket and doesn't say anything about the quality of the meat.
As for the taste -- I got one of these for my 80+ year old grandmother. She can barely taste, and even she said the sandwich was amazing.I got a cheesesteak.
It wasn't super exciting.
I feel very meh about this place.
It's not exactly more exciting than any other sandwich place other than the decor, which is on point. I'd come back though, I would. 
They also have the option to make salads and they have a lot of options in general so that's exciting. 
So, in conclusion, it's alright. Not bad, nothing memorable. Solid lunch choice.Jake's Sandwich Board just opened right off of Penn's campus.
Jake's has a wide variety of menu options. You can choose to get your meal as a sandwich or as a bowl. There is a menu, or you can design your own. They have turkey, beef, pork, and veggies options.
I went with the "Classic Pork" sandwich for $8.50, which was pork, broccoli rabe, and provolone cheese. It was very tasty; the cheese was especially flavorful. It was also very filling. It should be noted that this sandwich was one of the cheapest ones on the menu.
The restaurant itself is nice. It is very casual and clean. You order at the counter and then can take any seat you want or take your meal to go. Jake's is a good place for a casual lunch with friends between classes or on the weekend.The staff were pretty cool but the food was average. For what they were offering I feel like a little bit more thought would have made this place awesome. I had a sense that this place was a little obsessed with Sriracha because I noticed it in some of the dishes and the sauce's. If I was in the area again I would consider this place.Stopped here on Saturday and had a delicious (and messy) lunch.
We split:
- the Megillah
- the Midtown Turkey
- Fried Pickles
The Megillah is a dense, sloppy, meaty heap of rich deliciousness. The meat is tender, the "beef bacon" is a great touch. 
The Midtown Turkey was a nice counter-part to the over-the-top Megillah. The warm moist turkey pairs nicely with the avocado puree and cheeses. The veggies and pickled onion add some nice and needed crunch to the sandwich. Because it's not dripping with grease, it feels vaguely healthy in comparison to the Megillah.
The fried pickles were a great choice - a nice portion size with a flavorful breading. The sauce (sriracha mayo? in-house fire sauce?) added a nice kick to the pretzels.
Service was good - but then again we were the only people in there until some hungover Penn students showed up.The sandwiches here are ok ... not great. The bread leaves a little to be desired and I found the meat to be a little watery. It'd be totally worth 5-7 bucks or so from a street truck, but with the sandwich, drink, and fries, my bill topped out at 15 bucks. Step down the next block (south) and grab yourself a lamb sandwich at the Greek restaurant.The brisket is pretty delicious, but the portions are tiny. I got half a pound of brisket for $11, expecting much more for that price. I ended up basically paying $11 for half a meal. I've heard their combinations are strange enough to ruin the tasty meat, but have yet to try them myself. People seem to have very different experiences based on what they order.
The service was nice enough. I was really excited for a new option around Penn, but I just don't think it's worth the price.Replace the sign with "Jake's Soda Bar"  and you'd better describe the real appeal of this place. 
I'm a soda junkie and this place has a delicious collection of high-quality sodas on draft that pretty much sets if apart from every other place nearby. The birch beer is a particular standout as is the "real sugar (tm)" cola. Couple that with the pretty decent tea and lemonade options and you're set for all the sugary/fizzy liquid deliciousness you could ask for. 
Alas the actual sandwiches for the "Sandwich Board" are only ok. The meat isn't bad.  I've had the turkey and brisket and both were good, though the "cheesesteak" is pretty underwhelming. Some of the sauces and toppings are more interesting, though the "avocado sauce" one sandwich had was so thin I had to search the sandwich to find it. 
The problem is, as some of the other reviews noted, the portions are pretty darn tiny for the price you pay. They should either add a small side to the sandwiches or cut a dollar or two off the prices, especially if they want to appeal to the collegiate clientele. Just not that worth it unless they start offering some kind of specials.Not a big fan. Got a sandwich to go and by the time I got home the bun was sorry and overall it was a disappointment. I will probably give them 1 more shot when I can eat at the store but with so many quality options around university city it won't be any time soon.