Sucks for delivery. My order was missing dressing and was cold. Wings are not very hot. Salads seemed fresh
Pros: Quick Delivery, fresh salad
Cons: Got the order wrong, kind of expensive for a takeout jointIf you never wanna gamble on good pizza,
Go Here! Excellent service & product--plus takeout for beer!The place is good but not great. I would only go there if I was close by nothing to go out of your way for. They're cheese steak was a little below average them what I'm used to but the pizza is not too bad, all and all can't go wrong with jakes but don't expect too muchMy girlfriend and I went to Jake "The Snake" Pizza last night and it was horrible. We only went because we were staying in Center City for the weekend and it closed late. The pizza tasted like a big cracker someone put bland chicken, onions, green peppers, and black olives on. Only a severely drunk college student could enjoy that pizza! we also got ten hot wings that tasted more like wings with a sweet garlic sauce. (What happened!) I asked the guy how much was a six pack of Yengs and he said 12 bucks, I laughed quite naturally but he was serious. We opted for the Ginger Ale lol. This is the worst pizza place in Philly, Hands Down!The best thing about a long night is walking outside to see a giant OPEN sign!   I yelped this location when we passed it going into the convention center, only to make sure it was open late night!  Score!  They stayed open til midnight!   We dragged our tired selves into a dimly lit pizza dive and found some great varieties of pizza by the slice.   As with any 'by the slice' venue, they heated up those super duper slices, and placed them in our to-go box.  We chowed on those slices like they were gourmet!  Kudos for their variety, late night hours, and proximity to our hotel and the convention center.Umm... Even great cities have bad food. Do not order spaghetti because you get flat noodles instead. Sucks! At least they had beer.We have about 6 neighborhood pizza joints to choose from, but Jakes is by far the BEST!  First of all, the customer service is AMAZING. I have the option of ordering on-line, picking it up or having it delivered. I was first introduced to Jake's when I was a pharma sales rep and had to have huge lunches for 25-50 people delivered to a hospital. It was always delivered on time and they always made me feel like a VIP. Now, I just enjoy that when I call the employees are very friendly and they have my info on file so I don't have to repeat my address, phone#, etc. 
The food is equally as wonderful! My favorite pizza is their mushroom. The mushrooms have got to be pre-marinated or sauteed because they are absolutely delicious. I also adore their Atkins Salad. It is a salad with fresh spring greens topped with chicken or beef cheesesteak. I prefer the chicken, and it may not be the healthiest, but I guarantee that it is certainly delicious!Awesome things: Friendly and fun staff who remembered me when I came in for the 3rd day in a row (in town for a conference); the filet mignon slice for lunch; the black and white milkshake.
Not as good: The cheesesteak isn't super great.  I actually can get a better one at Taste of Philly in my hometown (Colo. Springs).The pizza was passable, but not good. The crab cake salad had only one instead of the advertised two. The cashier did not hear my order for two slices of pizza and only put down the salad, drinks, and the bag of cheese curls. That's an upside: they carry UTZ products! However, I later went up and got a slice of cheesecake; it was still almost frozen. All in all, go elsewhere unless you really want pizza now.Great spot for pizza, fries, and sandwiches! I haven't had much else but the pizza is really delicious and ready in no time! Definitely one of my new go-to spots for casual pizza when I need to grab a quick dinner on the run. 
Plus they have outdoor seating and wifi!This place is amazing! I was stuck at the convention center for work with very little time for lunch. On a long shot, I looked for places that had delivery and found this. The girl on the phone was beyond friendly and even though there's no parking near where I was, she arranged for someone to meet me outside and deliver the most delicious mozzarella pizza fries and garlic bread. I can't say enough nice things about Jake's.If you like thick, doughy pizza that reminds you of the Elio's you had as a kid -- but for much more money, this is the place for you.  C'mon, we all know toppings are overrated -- it's all about the bread.  I ordered two slices of bready goodness and it came perfectly lukewarm -- just like school cafeteria pizza!  We all know you don't want to ruin the flavor of the bread by serving it hot, right?  At least they have beer so I can try to convince myself that coming here was worth it.Pizza by the slice was 'good', nothing more.   Safe choice, I'd try a sandwich instead next time, or be willing to split a whole pizza pie made to order.  Price was fair and the people were nice enough.Cute paper plates with kids drawings on them : 10 pts
Great looking pizza and friendly cashier: 30 pts
Dead cockroach on floor: -1.5 million pts
Two grimy highchairs I will not put my baby in: -10pts
= mommy not eating lunch.
sorry but I have a longstanding fear/repulsion of the cockroach.This is a great place for pizzas, Strombolis and salads. When ever I am in philly I eat here.Went here for a quick lunch the other day.
The plain pizza was fine (nice thin crust) but the BBQ chicken was not that good.  It wasn't heated up right and the chicken was rubbery.  The wait staff, although nice, got my order wrong so it was a pain in the butt.
If you are in the neighborhood and need of a quick slice, go. But don't go out of your way to this place.  I heard it was better a few years ago when Jake was still alive.
They do have beer here but at ridiculously high prices.You won't see this place on man vs food etc, but The philly was real good along with the pizza.  Tons of cheese wiz, great bread and onions.  You wont be disappointed and it's very reasonable.  The staff was friendly also.  Had the pizza tonight and absolutely awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!Wer in Philadelphia ist, der muss ein Philly Chease Steak essen, das ist
 ähnliche Pflicht wie in Wien mal beim Heurigen gewesen zu sein oder 
Weisswurst in Bayern. Nun ist es nicht ganz leicht den richtigen Laden 
dafür zu finden. Im Prinzip ist das Fastfood und den gibt es für 
Takeaway  aber diese Mischung zwischen Hotdog und Hamburger zerbröselt 
in der Hand, so dass ein Imbiss gefunden werden muss, in dem man eben 
auch sitzen kann. Das ist bei Jake's der Fall, dem Imbiss an der Ecke. 
Es herrscht chaotische, aber sympathische Stimmung. Hier könnte meine 
neue Fastfood-Geschmackserfahrung geboren werden. Dazu nehme ich erst 
einmal eine Diet-Coke, was ja immer wieder ein Widerspruch in sich ist: 
Man futtert das ungesündeste Zeug und trinkt dann besonders kalorienarme
 Cola, verrückt. Und dann kam er, trotz Imbiss an den kargen Tisch 
serviert, der Leckerbissen.naja, ich fand es nur laff. Hackfleisch
 wurde mit ein wenig Käse und milden Jalapenos gebraten, das dann kaum 
gewürzt, in zwei Hotdogbrötchen gepflanzt und fertig war das Sandwich. 
Ganz ehrlich, es war kein Erlebnis. Habe mit Salz und Ketchup 
nachgewürzt, was die Sauerei wiederum größer machte -nach Verzehr sah 
ich selber wie ein Cheese Steak aus. Das Fazit ist ernüchternd: Der 
Lokalkracher kann in Jake's Ausführung meine Geschmacksnerven nicht 
kitzeln. Ob es an Jakes oder dem Lokalen Fehlgeschmack liegt, das kann 
ich nicht beurteilen und werde es auch nicht mehr erfahren. Achso, und 
das noch: Dafür 10 US$ mit einer Diet Coke, das ist happig.Honestly this place is pretty dirty, but the food is actually good. I just eat the food and try not to think about the condition of the restaurant.Just pizza. Not good, but not terrible either. It looks like a lot better from the outside than it actually is.Great service. Friendly. I didn't have the pizza but the eggplant parmasean was great. The salad was great. The bread sticks were a bit dense and oily. Overall not a bad choice.I went in for a quick bite to eat, the cheese pizza was crisp and yummy. It was swelteringly hot in the place even though it's not even summer yet. I'd hate to know what it's like in there when it's actually hot outside. I was forced to eat outside where it was windy. Overall, it was just okay.Placed a big delivery order. No show, no call, no answer after 5 tries to reach out. Never got my food or a response. It's a bummer because this is a neighborhood spot. I suppose I shouldn't be surprised that none of my neighbors has ever said anything good about this place.Concierge at my hotel recommended Jake's and I'm glad he did.  Extremely fast delivery right to my room, an excellent pizza (I ordered Jake's Special) and huge salad.  Relieved to find such a good place when far from home.Bad pizza, simultaneously overpriced.  I live in the apartments above and order delivery from other places that are much further away.The ONLY reason why we stopped here was because our car broke down a block away, and we were starving.  I am glad there were here, but the food wasn't that great.  Maybe it was because I was in at that weird in between lunch and dinner time, but the pizza that I got was not that great.   Definitely seemed like it had been sitting there for awhile.  The staff was friendly, but there were so many of them just standing around.The pizza is great and it's always ready pretty quickly. The staff is friendly too. I only go here when I'm working nearby because they get my order wrong about half the time, usually meaning I either get slices I don't want and didn't order but got charged for, or they miss half my order. If they were better at getting orders right I would totally recommend them to people since the food's not the issue at all.I just moved back into the area and while I was unpacking, I was eating a ton of takeout.  Luckily, I found Jake's.
I ordered the spicy hot wings and the white pizza with riccota, spinach & broccoli.  The pizza was delicious - the perfect amount of toppings and it even tasted great cold - my barometer for a good pizza!  And while I am not a huge wing fan, I couldn't stop eating these wings - the wing sauce was the perfect amount of spicy, they were a great size with a good amount of meat and little fat.
Thank you, Jake's, I can officially say I have a local go-to pizza place.We were staying only a few blocks from this place so i decided to grab a slice of cheese pizza  and wash it down with a cold Red Stripe. Pizza was good, service was good, and the beer was good. I will definitely revisit this place when I come back to PhillyJake's Cheesesteak is not to be overlooked among the more "famous" cheesesteak places in town. This came on a sweet hoagie roll crammed full of shaved steak. Tender, with a little oil, but not runny  Just enough cheese,  It was ready in 5 minutes ordered at the counter at noon. This with a premium bottled iced tea came to $9 and change.As a fairly regular patron, I can appreciate when the staff remembers my order without asking. They are efficient and friendly, inquiring about what brings me in so often. I love to sit outside too when there is a breeze and people-watch. Their milkshakes are one of the best around, super thick and delicious, chocolate's my fav! Also, as a self proclaimed French fry conessueir, theirs are number 1 when asked for well done! I have an addiction and consume at least 3x/week! 
There are two things that detract my affinity. 1. The cleanliness. Even when there is no one in the restaurant, 70% of tables sit with crumbs on them ... Yuck! Most of the time I end up cleaning them off myself. 
2. The temp. I know for a fact they have AC but maybe they're just too cheap to turn it on? With this epic heat, you can be assured it's always stifling humid in thereGot a taste for a chicken Caesar salad? Well don't go here. The chicken was not seasoned. It was cut in thin slices. Weird cheese was added. The dressing wasn't the best. 
I also ordered fries. The were good. Can't mess that up. N the bread was good 
They were speedy and the driver was polite. Just no more salads for me. I'll passbeing forced to eat here due to close proximity to work and its hours..
the pizza is pretty bad and greasy.. the food is overpriced.. the place survices because of it being next door to a major urban hospital..This morning (11:00) I woke up after attending the Philadelphia Whiskey Fest and felt like David the Gnome was inside my head mining for semi precious metals. All I wanted was pizza and I wanted it immediately.
I ordered pick up and dragged myself six blocks to pick up a large pie with pepperoni and mushrooms. Took it home, laid on the couch and demolished the entire thing while watching The Office on demand. I felt like a fat F'er but its what had to happen.
The pizza was fine, nothing special and if this rating was just for the food it would probably be 2 stars but the staff there was really great. We lamented about the Eagles for about five minutes while I waited for my food  and they genuinely seemed like nice guys.
I'll be back soon to try the tomato pie.Jake's tomato pie is A+. Thick, olive oil infused crust, just a little bit of basil, and crushed tomato AND diced fresh tomato layered thick. Salads are generously sized, and delivery has always been right on time.The pizza is very GOOD and fresh the out side doesn't do it justice But the food is goodRecently ordered 14 pizzas and a large salad for a work holiday party. The person I ordered from was nice, informative and easy. The food arrived right on schedule, the delivery man carried the food up to the room for me and everyone loved it. I will definitely order from here again! Thank you!Friendly clerks, and not a bad place to grab a quick meal.  Pizza and salad were 2/5 stars. Also, this establishment is NOT wheelchair accessible.Why Jake's Pizza is awesome:
1) It's Italian Pizza, not Greek undercooked bullshit
2) Open Late--with delivery and take out beer
3) Nice amount of seating
4) Within a block of my new crib.
Seriously I love Jake's.  I got a chicken cheesesteak wrap and it was delicious.  So much so I might get it on a roll next time.  
You can also order online for pick up or take out, and not through delivery.com but their own site: www.bestpizzainphilly.netI had a plain steak and it was decent. Not the best steak I've had in Philly. But the pizzas looked really good so I would suggest getting them. The friend I went with ordered an Italian hoagie and she enjoyed it. Not great, but good customer service and decent food.It's surprising ... it's not the best pizza by the slice I've had. But for some reason they've got me hooked.
Perhaps it's the deep dish style special slices. Perhaps it's the .... no that's pretty much the only reason I order from them. 
It saddens me when I see day old slices in the display though - a major turn off. 
Calzones are decent.I am a frequent business traveler to Philadelphia. I love coming to Jake's to get some pizza to go or having it delivered.This place was aight. I came for a couple slices. The plain cheese was super greasy and crust was really thin...Felt like eating a damp napkin. The supreme was good though. The specialty slices are larger than plain and crust is thicker (how a real slice should be). They don't list slice prices. 1 plain, 1 supreme, and a soda was about $8. Free wifi, clean restaurant, ESPN on the flat screen, air conditioned. I'd recommend for a quick fix of a specialty slice if you're in the area.Yesterday (tues) I had 2 pieces of their pizza and it was delicious. But the girl that was there yesterday made the pizza hot and today the guy warmed them for less than 2 mins and it was awful. So if you go insist they warm it yo properlyWhile working a temp assignment in the neighborhood, I decided to go to Jake's on my lunch break and see what they had to offer.  At first it was hard to distinguish what the different types of pizza were, but I settled on the chicken parmesan pizza, and I was happy I did.  Prices weren't terrible, and I was able to find a seat within seconds of paying and getting my pizza.  Definitely a go-to if you're near the Broad/Arch side of the convention center and looking for a place within walking distance for lunch or dinner.I honestly don't understand how this place has any good reviews. The food was nothing to write home about. Reheated pizza. It was a dirty restaurant. All the tables had crums or trash on it. It wasn't even busy. They need to learn a thing or so about cleaning. Oh and the cooler that held all the drinks was broken so all the drinks were warm.... I won't even start on the bathrooms.Jake's veggie white pizza and tomato pies are unbelievably good!
The veggie white pizza - I haven't had it in months, and I don't remember what it looks like, but *damn*, it's good.
I never thought a tomato pie could be so scrumptious! The tomato sauce is thick and flavorful yet still moist, and the crust is golden crispy.
Pricey but worth it.OK, I am updating my review and giving Jake's an extra star due to the wonderful customer service we received.  The man behind the counter recognixed us from yelp and automatically knew to cut my little daughter's slice in half and gave her a generous side of black olives, gratis.
They also now (sometimes) carry milk.
The pizza that night, also, was fresh and wonderful.  try to get pies when they are just coming out of the oven - or order a whole pie (we get a small, which is still way too much for the 2 of us) and that way it is guaranteed to be oven-fresh.
Yay, Jake's.  Our neighborhood pizza spot keeps getting better.What choice have we got?  We live at Broad 'n Vine - and Jakes is 1 block away.
My little daughter LOVES it here and gets 1 slice with black olives.  
She also loves to look at "the Mummer on the wall" - they have a pretty colorful mural of Philly-stuff all over the walls.
I have tried the pizza - which when fresh - is pretty decent.  The pastas are not worth the money - I can make this at home.  The Chicken Chees-steaks and Chicken Parm sandwiches are both good - and large.  My dad & I split a chicken parm last time we were there and It was plenty.
Note to moms:  They do not carry MILK - so bring your own.I should have listened to the other reviews. Stopped in for a beer and a slice. Beer was warm and slice must have been left over from yesterday. No flavor and crust was hard as a rock.THEY HAVE MICE!!!! Need I say more??!! 
It was late so didn't have many choices. This place was not clean on the surface but ordered anyway because of proximity to my hotel. Ordered pizza and was sitting and waiting for the order to be done. Look over and what do I see? Mice running around like they own the place. It took everything out of me not to scream and make a scene. Totally gross based on cleanliness.Ordered a pizza via diningin.com. The pizza arrived luke warm, they used banana peppers rather than the jalapeno peppers that we ordered, and there were about 5 pieces of pepperoni on a large pizza. We will definitely NOT order from there again.I have been to Jake's many times. The pizza is pretty decent although incredibly overpriced. Today, I came in during the beginning of a Saturday lunch rush & decided to take a chance by ordering a tuna hoagie. BIG MISTAKE! Not only did it take TWENTY minutes for my hoagie to arrive, but it was probably the most slipshod, measly sandwich I have ever set eyes upon, let alone tasted. Over $10 for a "hoagie" plus chips & a coke. That better be one damn good hoagie considering they rival gourmet spots like Paesano's. 
Not only were they fully unprepared for their rush, neglecting me, who was up until today a recurring customer, but made absolutely no attempt to apologize for their grievous error. 
Don't waste your money!Whenever I go into a restaurant, I get in line and the same thing always happens. 
1. I squint at the menu because I've forgotten my glasses. 
2. While squinting and hoping that it makes a difference, I begin to panic as the line to the front gets shorter.
3. When it's my turn, I yell out the first thing that I recognize because I don't want to make the people behind me upset because I can't decide what I want. Suffice it to say I almost always end up getting the same thing. 
Their pizza slices are pretty decent depending on if they have one you like at the time of your visit. The thicker slices with multiple toppings are very filling and range from adequate to delicious depending on when you get it and how long they put it in the oven after you ask for it. Personally, their thin pepperoni pizza slice is a frequent choice. Their gyro salad was basically half a head of lettuce and gyro meat so insubstantial and thinly sliced that I'd be impressed if I wasn't pissed that I paid $8.00 for it. 
Employees are very friendly. They're less tasty as far as food goes when compared to Rex, but unlike Rex they don't have a set limit on how much you have to spend before you can use your card.I gotta say the place was a random find. Nobody referred me...but they should have. This place has it all and its gooooood!  The pizza s made fresh and the subs were fresh and yummy. 
Stop in here for dine in or carry out 
Prost!I've been here twice and oddly enough ordered jalapeño poppers. I enjoyed them a lot. The place is your average fried food and pizza shop.  Convenient location and quick to get food.Have you ever had an exceptionally terrible roast beef club sandwich?
- One that has bread so stale and dry that it cuts the roof of your mouth?
- One that has meat so old and flavorless that while you are eating, you start thinking about how a McDonald's cheeseburger seems appetizing?
- One that makes your jaw feel like you just finished a terrible workout that you will regret the next day?
- One that has such rubbery meat that you keep choking on it because your brain keeps trying to force you to swallow it reflexively after you've been chewing for ten minutes?
- One that is so sloppily made that you reach for the nearest utensil to help you eat (which turned out to be a spoon of all useless things)?
- One that makes you feel significant cognitive dissonance because you want to throw it away but that would mean admitting that you wasted money?
Have you had such an unappealing sandwich? Well, hopefully now you never have to. I hate you, Jake. You broke my mouth, diaphragm, intestines, and possibly my heart.
P. S. the horrid coleslaw that was included was just adding insult to injury. My friend vouches for the bottle of Cherry Coke that he purchased when he with me.Jakes has a great variety of pies, prices are very good, the atmosphere and décor is interesting, I would recommend this place for a slice or a whole pie. The best in that area for sure!Decided to order pizza for delivery at my hotel. I selected a Sicilian pizza , mozzarella and tomato salad and a slice of chocolate cake. The food arrived hot and fresh, the delivery person was friendly and the food was amazing. The pizza was hot with a great dough, just enough toppings , sauce and cheese. The salad was gigantic, easily enough for 2 and the chocolate cake was awesome as well. I will definitely be ordering from here again (and again).If your getting a pizza here don't get excited, I don't know how they rate for Philadelphia but as pizza I have had its ok, 3 star maybe (it was not bad, just not memorable). the wings however are to die for! I consider myself a bit of a wing connoisseur and attempt to eat them when ever i can, so I have eaten some wings in my day. these my friends are top notch.As a New York transplant, I'm very critical about my pizza. But even for someone with low standards, the pizza at Jakes really stinks. It's very doughy and there's just something not right about it. My room mate ordered a sub from there and was equally dissatisfied. Not cheap either!Didn't look like much but glad that we stopped. Order the cheesesteak with provolone and the Jakes special fries. Cheesesteak was delicious and the bread was soft and crispy. Meat was flavorful and was chopped up as opposed to strips of steak. 
Fries were awesome!  Fries with melted cheese and bacon and wiz on top. 
Get in my belly!!!!If you're looking for good delivery food, look elsewhere.  They showed up half an hour late.  The food barely passed as warm and to top it off, they forgot half of my order.  It seems eating there is a good experience, but delivery is definitely not an option.Tried the Primavera pie (Olive oil, garlic, mushrooms, artichokes, roasted red peppers, fresh tomato, and mozzarella cheese.)
The combination of the garlicky white pizza, the vinegary tang of the artichokes, and the sweetness of the roasted red peppers hits the spot. The dough itself has a nice bit of chew, though it could have been seasoned with a bit more salt. FYI - this is coming from someone who typically eschews salty food.
Perfect the next day in the oven - topped with some pepperoni from Hatville Deli in Reading Terminal Market.So far I have had a cheesesteak, pizza, and fries at this location. All three were above average, and good quality. The people inside are polite, and I would definitely recommend take out. However don't use the bathroom, it's very dirty down there.Got a solid cheesesteak here with bell peppers and onions. Tender steak, lots of cheese, nice bun. Seems like an old local standby type of place.
Not sure about the pizza, but i would guess the cheesesteaks are the better bet.It's not the best pizza in Philly by a long shot, and it's certainly not the cheapest, but Jake's is pretty consistently good for pizza. Their tomato pie, surprisingly, is an interesting and enjoyable slice--the sauce is flavorful and the chunks of plum tomatoes and basil are superb. I hate tomatoes, but somehow was happy to eat the big chunks on that pie.
Just don't get their wings (trust me, they'll just make you sad) or buy beer expecting a decent price ($12+ for a 6-pack of Yuengling? ...seriously?).Visiting Philly for a few days and looking for a good cheesesteak. Yes this is a pizza joint. But it was close to the hotel and it was raining so thought I'd give them a try. Considering this is not a Proper cheesesteak place I was pleasantly surprised. Although the meat was not plentiful it tasted decent. Their fries were nice and crispy. Service was great. There are better cheesesteak places but for what it is I would not pass it up in a pinch.I curse my stars whenever I have to go to this shithole. I hate this place from the bottom of my heart. I'm not gonna write a generic negative rant. I'm gonna make my case point by point. 
1) I have been to this restaurant about 4 or 5 times in the last year and every time they have gotten my order wrong; twice on one occasion. The recent one, that happened a few minutes ago was so bad that I downloaded yelp just so I can leave a review.
1 a) I ordered a sandwich to go. When I walked back to my office and opened the box, there was a huge slab of cheese in the sandwich. I especially asked for no cheese because I'm lactose intolerant.
1 b) I removed the cheese somehow and started eating. I had taken just two bites that I realized that there was no sauce in the sandwich. The menu clearly states tomato sauce an one of the ingredients.
1 c) When I went to return the sandwich and ask for a refund, instead of apologizing for screwing up my order, the lady gave me attitude about how I had eaten half the sandwich!! The long roll was cut into two halves and I had eaten two bites off of one half. the other half was still untouched. 
1 d) I was told that no cheese had been put in the sandwich. I politely invited the lady to come to desk and look in the garbage bin where two slabs of cheese could still be found from this sandwich.
1 e) Instead of admitting their mistake, the workers ignored me, treated me like shit and acted as if I had made a mistake.
2) The quality of the food sucks. The meat is old and smelly. The place smells like a dump.
3) I took my coworker here once and he threatened to stop talking to me if I took him here again.
I will eat a can full of nuclear waste before I put anything from this God forsaken hell hole into my mouth.Love their cheesesteaks, chicken fingers, wings, and their honeymustard. I eat there when ever I am downtown!Jake's is consistently our go-to joint for pizza and random goodies (fries, hoagies, heros, etc).
I had the eggplant parm hero .... pretty damn good! Slightly on the greasy side - but sometimes that is just what you need. I'll definitely be ordering that again.solid pizza place. i'm bummed they're not still offering the $5 lunch specials but i'll get over it. i love their white pizza and their plain slices are a-ok too. 
quick delivery when we order for work purposes but i always just pick up when it's for me. the staff is super nice and friendly as well.I've come here perhaps a handful of times since April '09, and I would have to rate the food as fairly mediocre.
It's a shame for two reasons --  because they are located nearby my house, and the people working the front counter there have always been friendly.
Pizza by the slice is okay, I suppose.  I ordered a whole pie for take-out once, and I ended up not eating the leftovers.  But then again I haven't really found pizza in Philadelphia I would call good-to-great.
The chicken parm grinder is okay, as is the meatball parm grinder.  I like the garlic bread sticks.  The food seems to be all made by Spanish workers, which is fine... but certainly not "authentic" by any stretch of the word.
Their bestpizzainphilly.com website has been down for a long time.  But, you can find their menu on some online menu ordering services.
They do sell beer, for both dining-in and take-out -- mainly basic domestics.  It is expensive, however.  The sale of beer also increases the homeless/panhandling population in/outside the store.  Hey man --- I'm not knocking people for enjoying beer.  I love it!  But homeless will park themselves at the outside tables and drink, all while panhandling for more beer money.  It's never made into an issue though, as the establishment seems to support (or at least not discourage) this.
TIP:  Check the price you are charged.  The prices on the menu and the board in-store seem to be slightly different.Why only 3 stars? I'm confused....
Pizza is great, Strombolis and calzones are even better. The wing sauce is amazing and should be used for dipping anything.Poor pizza and not worth the calories. Location dirty and pizza cardboard ish not New York style pizza.One thing I live by...pizza is like sex... even when it's bad it's good... Given that nugget of wisdom, I still stand by my assertion that this place has good pizza. I may be biased because this is our local go-to pizza place but I honestly have enjoyed all the pizza I have gotten from this place. Delivery is fast and the pizza is always hot. 
You can never go wrong with the the Sicilian Supreme (or deluxe or something like that.) My  husband also has a thing for their milkshakes, extra thick of course. Additionally, I always request my pizza well done and they always oblige. There is no worse offense than an underdone crust. 
Also check these guys out for pizza by the slice. Really solid cheesy, doughy goodness. Yes.Horrible don't go !!! Wait time was 30+ minutes And we got the wrong pizza. With the pizza sauce it was nonexistent.The place is kind of disorganized and a little run down, but didn't seem dirty. I got an old fashion cheese steak to go. It was better than the one I had at Geno's the next day (Although it was like $10). If you are staying close to this place I'd try it out, but I wouldn't go out of my way.The website is VERY poorly done. We ordered a pie that had no information whether it had sauce on it. Came to us super dry with no sauce. The other pizza is bland. The new owner's clearly cut cost with quality. All the other reviews are fake.. extremely disappointed for our first experience!They're not friendly, they're not good about explaining pricing, and their food is nothing special. You do get a platter full though, and it is fairly priced. 
A cool touch: the mural of the city painted over the walls. 
Jake's Pizza gets the job done.