OK, I saw that Jim's steaks been around since 1929 well looks like they use the same meat from then horrible. Steaks wear very dry gritty, fatty with the hint of crusty grill. The fries had no taste it was like eating a raw potato, the added WIZ still gave fries no taste, we also tried the Onion rings, minced onion no taste in batter or onion.
Now as far as price very pricey for terrible sandwich, place had the hint smells of beer and urine, the checkerboard look was old style and fake tin ceiling, chairs were metal with wood like appearance.
I will never go here again or tell anyone to visit ewwwwwwww, still will search for the best cheese steak.Not bad but why eat here when you can go to Steve's 2 blocks away and get the best steak in town?Jim's steaks is okay with me ANY day. You know what they have going for them, tables to sit and eat at, large pieces of onions for the steak, and a super-heaping amount of steak on your bun. Also, something very distinct about Jim's is the option to add eggs to your cheesesteak, very cool. I like this place, decent steak, whatever this places lacks in flavor, beauty or whatever, they make up in quantity, but not by much.I always come here. In my option this is the only legit cheesesteak spot in NE Philly. Friendly staff and a nice building. Fresh, fast, and cooked on the spot for you!
Real beef, real cheese, real good! Very clean open kitchen. If you're in NE Philly come by and see for yourself.Best steaks in Philly. Quality meat, cheese, and bread.Their cheese fries are really good although recently I noticed that they don't give you as much as they used to. My container of cheese fries was only half full. The steaks are pretty good but if you don't eat them there they get soggy because it is a little more greasy than other locations. Their onions if you get a cheese steak wit are barely chopped so I just tend to get a mushroom cheese steak. Overall a good steak but not my first choice.I enjoyed my experience. The people who worked there were welcoming and polite. My cheesesteak was nice hot and gooey, just the way I like it. Ill definitely revisit.Their location on south street has great food but the service was terrible the employees need on reality check on how to treat their customers if they're paying $10 for a cheesesteak that costs $1This is a great place for steaks and fries, there is never a long crazy stupid line the way the location on south street always has. There rolls are always fresh and the cheese wiz fries are awesome. Every time i have been in here its always been kept clean and there is always some one wiping down the tables. They have a atm machine right by the front door and they have bottled beer. 
Lots of parking out front and like i said there is never any long lines here.Any way that you like your cheesesteak this is a solid place to go. I like American cheese wit fried onions. I love that you get to watch them make it as well. This one is a lot roomier than the one on south street.I will never eat here again!  You should not either!  JUST CLOSE IT DOWN!!!!!
High prices low quality.
$9.00 bucks for an 8 inch cheese steak. I waited 20 minutes when there were only 3 other customers in the store. Apparently they cook in slo-mo. It took 4 employees 20 mins to ruin my meal, and only bite to ruin my appetite. My fried onion was burnt black, this is a very bad taste for anyone that has had the displeasure. The beef must have been 3rd world grade, because it tasted like grey( If you can taste a color). There was enough grease in the sandwich to lube my car. The store smells like dirty mop water and farts. The table was sticky and the tray they served me was wet with dirty dish water. I am supremely confident I could get a better cheese steak in.... England?. This steak/experience was so bad i won't eat any cheese steaks for months. Jim should be ashamed to have his name on this place. Jim should pay me to eat this garbage.
JUST CLOSE IT DOWN!!!!!Ah Jim's the one near my sisters house..... I was skeptical at first because it wasn't like the one on south street but they proved that Jim's is the undisputed king of PHILADELPHIA CHEESE STEAK.  Go get em!  
Pats and Gino's are nothing...okay pats is alright.All of you non-South Street Jim's haters are just wrong. Obviously it's not as good as the south street location, but then again, nothing is. The steaks at their other locations are still freakin awesome, super-unhealthy, and absolutely mind-numbingly good. Put some extra onions and mushrooms on that sandwich and its game over. I'd eat 15 of these a day if it were good for me. 
Jims. All. Day.You have to catch this place at the right time. If it's not too busy, then the food is a lot better. You want to get in there at a time when they can throw the meat on fresh, instead of having it sit there. But when you do get there at those right times, then this is my favorite place for steaks in Philly. 
Steaks are of the chopped variety. No Steak Um's here. You can get good ol' steak or chicken steaks. Various cheeses, including whiz (the best). The fries are serviceable, but I rarely get them. 
They're open really late on the weekends, so it's a perfect spot to stop on the way home from the bars. However, this isn't the prettiest place in the city. Get in, get your steaks and get out of dodge. 
Again, and I can't stress this enough; Do not eat here when the place is packed. Your steak will be dried out and way overcooked and you'll wonder why anyone goes here.I really love Jim's. I've grown up in the area and I dismiss the hype around Pats and Genos. I don't like overly greasy food and also dislike the 'steakums' style over at Steve's. This place has meaty, cheesey, authentic Philly steaks and delicious fries. I'd take a tourist here over the others for sure.Great steaks! Awesome portion for the price. Mushroom with fried onions hits the spot every time.I had an issue where the pricing I received was 30% higher than what was posted. After thinking about the excuse I was given, I reached out to the restaurant on facebook and after a week of waiting, I have gotten no response. I had a steal am egg sandwich. I ordered it at 1030, when that sandwich is supposed to be on special. Instead everything was put in to the system, a la carte. Do yourself a favor and go up the street, where the pricing reflects the board.I know everyone reading is asking the same question, so lets get right to the point!  Better than Gino's but not as good as Pat's.  South street location is preferred simply because it is busier and you will get a better hot sandwich.  All these places have the meat precooked and just throw it on the griddle prior to assembling.  The Roosevelt mall location just seems as if the meat has been sitting on the sidelines for too long.   Even the Wiz was thickened and chalk like.  The south street location is preferred but not worth the wait.  Double Wiz is the way to go!My favorite place to get cheesesteaks in Philly. They really load up on the meat and cheese. You won't be disappointed. Btw, Pats and Genos cheeseteaks are disgusting.  
The perfect cheesesteak:
-With fried onions
-(white) american cheese
-mayo
-add ketchup
Add a side of cheese fries to further tighten the arteries. hmmmWouldn't do it again. Cheese was not melted on cheese steak, meat was tasty but greasy.  Bread was fresh.  You stick to the floor.  Hoagie maker rung me up and counted out the change with his gloved hand, yuk.Haven't had a hoagie in a while, so we came here....... Delicious !!! Nice soft roll, fresh coldcuts and toppings! The hubster had a steak sandwich, which was satisfying , as usual.....Great cheesesteaks and French fries and the staff is super nice.  However, I wouldn't dare eat there.  The tables probably haven't been cleaned in 5 years.  When was the hot peppers and ketchup stand last touched? eek... flies everywhere! buzzzzzzkill.Jim's is so average. They charge as much as Steve's but the steaks taste like any corner pizza shop nothing special.I think the cheesesteaks here are pretty good. The prices are high (which is to be expected for a cheesesteak in Philly). Food is made to order, so it is very fresh. The fries are okay, but also overpriced. Overall good cheesesteaks, just overpriced.Hubby and I grabbed take out from Jim's a few nights ago. We were in the area and starving, and I'd realized we hadn't eaten Jim's in about 10 years. 
Jim's is a Philadelphia staple, but like all other cheesesteak joints, it can be polarizing. I personally have always liked my meat chopped, so I gravitate towards places like Jim's and other corner takeout places. My husband, on the other hand, prefers his meat sliced. 
After about a 15 minute wait, we took our cheesesteaks home. Man, this was every bit as delicious as I remembered. The onions were beautifully sauteed, the meat chopped so that some crispy bits could mix in (my favorite!), and the cheese (always provolone!!) was melty and plentiful. Even my sliced meat-loving husband said it was awesome.
I am going to have to make sure I don't wait another ten years before my next visit, because Jim's makes one fine cheesesteak.Great beef, cheese, and hot oilIts weird just how hard it is to find a decent cheesesteak in freakin' Philadelphia. EVERYONE makes one, and a lot of these places frustratingly assume that just because they put the word "Philly" in front of "cheesesteak," that people will just gobble it up; kinda like how if you put "organic" or "wedding" in the description for something, you can charge 3 times as much. Even more frustrating, is that their assumptions are correct. For gods sake, Pats and Ginos are national institutions, and they are two of the worst cheesesteaks you can buy. All that said, Jims is a "decent" cheesesteak. Its not mind blowing or anything, but the meat is good and the bun is soft. I got mine with fried onions, and I'm hoping they just forgot to put them on, because if there was a SINGLE piece of onion on there, then I sure as hell couldn't find it. Theres no steak and fries combo option, so you're gonna have to pony up close to $20 for a proper meal. I wouldn't go out of my way to get a Jims steak, but I'd burn down Pats or Ginos if it was in the way of Jims and I wanted a cheesesteak, so, theres that.Went here for a late night nite, and was pleasantly surprised. The cool was super cool, and helpful. For example, he listed all 100 types of fries he could
Whip up! Haha! 
Cheese steak came on a delicious bun, and steaming hot. This place lacks toppings, like a pepper bar and pickles. (Perhaps bums would hoard up on it???). I would probably visit again
Weird led color bulbs in fixtures inside.Philly local friends said this is the best philly cheesesteak in the city!
The steak is super juicy and although I had it with provolone, I preferred my bf's with the cheese whiz! 
It was yummy, but not quite what I had in mind..  I personally like cheesesteaks at the malls in Cali better..  (my personal opinion) heheThe absolute best steak in Philly. It's better then the South Street location too. Always fresh, and made right in front of you. Also, if you go to this location you'll avoid the tourists and annoying Jersey people that flock to South Street and don't know how to order. "I would like a cheesesteak please with American Cheese and no fried onions please and, uhm, can I please get mayonnaise on that too please?" Man I can't stand Jersey people. "American, witout, wit mayo" boom. That's how you order.You'll find Jim's on almost any top list and my recent visit certainly didn't disappoint.  Let's get right to it.  Onions!  I've never had the onions highlight the best part of the steak, but it's the first thing you notice when getting one.  The size of the cut up pieces is very generous and adds so much flavor to it.  As for the rest of it, the steak is amazing.  Great portion size and it's one of the best tasting steaks you'll have.  The roll is exactly the kind any top spot should have as well.  My only negative about this is the amount of whiz that was on it.  It could have used a bit more on the roll as it was lacking a bit.  That was the difference between a 4 star rating and a 5 star rating.This USED to be my fav place for a steak but I noticed something different about 2 years ago.. Then I found out that they now measure the amount of beef they use. Shenanigans!
Go back to the old ways Jim's!got a chicken cheese steak pretty juicy and tender. good. old favorite place.Good food but the Service sucks they could run the Business better like the one on south street I used to work there great customers but Poor customer service the cooks don't explain nothing to the server or cashier the one manager name is Anthony he's a big black 200 pound guy that lives in the storage room when Jim's close that's why he's there all the time please investigate these activitiesI've lived in Philly long enough to know better but I went to Jim's today in a pinch.
I used to really enjoy Jim's, not so much anymore.
The service at this particular location was terrible.
I was the only person in line and the wait was long, I placed my order and the guy making it asked me twice if I wanted onions, both times I said no. I didn't order it with onions. When he served it up he asked I wanted anything else on it. I said no, just the Provolone and Mushrooms I ordered. He had to take it back because he forgot the mushrooms.
Then came eating the steak.
I've always thought steak shops should marinate their meat, it would really ad to the flavor of a cheesesteak. And Jim's is no different. There steak is so bland and flavorless, it just has no character. I don't understand how the meat get's so wet either, the roll is just a soggy mess by the time you get to your table.
I guess I'll just stick to my local shop from now on.The first time I went to Philadelphia, which was this recent New Year's, my friend wanted to take me to Jim's on South St.  However, it was packed and the line was long and it was frickin' cold outside.  So, instead, we went across the street and ate at Copabanana.
Recently, my friends and I had been gambling at the Philadelphia Park.  Of course, afterwards, we were hungry.  Onwards to Jim's we went.  
I like the place...kinda like Johnny Rocket...in a way...with this retro decor.  
The staff were friendly...even in the late night.
Prior to this point, everyone said great things about Jim's...how they serve the best cheesesteaks.  So, I had my first bite and then the next and then the next and so on.
Well, it wasn't GREAT but it wasn't bad at all.  I guess I was put off on how greasy it was.  Isn't there such a thing as a greaseless cheesesteaks?!?!  
Ah well.  I'd definitely come back.  Maybe I'll try the chicken cheesesteak the next time.The store deserves 1 star on customer services and 4 stars on the chsk and 1 star on their french fries. They dont clean the tables as its all yucky. The place was busy and they only have 3 people working there: one cashier, one to cook steaks and one to do other things. They should have two cashiers  and 4 preparers  and one clean up person at all times to keep things moving smoothly as I have been in retail business for 30 years. They got my orders all messed up and serving me cold fries. I have seen better places that would meet one's expectations without any hassles. Granted, their chsk are very good but you cant run a business without considering other variables to make this place a 4 to 5 star place.  Would you want to sit down on a dirty sticky table? Would  you want to eat cold fries? Getting wrong orders and then making them do it again, wasting your time? Nah... Go to Silvo's Deli in Hatobro. Best ChSK anywhere, and cheaper! Better than any of those famous landmark chsk places in Philly.http://www.yelp.com/biz/silvios-deli-and-bakery-hatboroWe ate cheesesteak and fries at this Jim's and they were delicious. Meat is exceptional. We are from Colorado so always looking for a good cheesesteak when we are here in Philly. Owner and staff very friendly!  I'm picky about fries, and these were cooked to perfection. Highly recommend this Jim'sSteve's is right down the street, and worth the walk. Jim's is very greasy.Unsanitary! The way it was cooked and prepared wasn't really appetizing and the meats tasted watery!!! Talk about employee etiquette the one who was fixing the tables was just disagreeing and shaking his head on us for eating there! Like dude! You guys have chairs and tables for a reason!!!i had a tooth ache the day i tried their philly cheesesteak which was worth the pain!! i had pats and genos and hands down jims is more authentic and flavorful they add red and green peppers and sweet onions and is huge!! 2 people can share one! it was about $8 which i think is reasonable for the size.  Their fries is watever, you can add cheese on them which obviously makes them better.Best cheesesteak downtown that I've had.  Of the touristy places I prefer Jim's every time.  It's near other things so you don't have to take your out of town visitors on a journey just to see some neon lights and eat gross steaks.
The wait can be long at meal hours or late night, but who cares, it's part of the experience.
Always get cheese whiz, if you don't we can't be friends, just sayin.This use to be the go to spot for me when getting stakes, but I was recently turned off from it when I walked in there recently I smelled the worst smell ever. It smell like a public bathroom, I cannot eat anywhere that smells like a bathroom!There's always this great debate in Philly over who makes the better steak - Pat's or Geno's. Well buddy I know the answer - Neither. Jim's is better than both of them. While those 2 have sold out, they don't even chop up the meat anymore, Jim's has stayed true to the Philly cheesesteak spirit. The one in South Street always has a super long line, and their is always the parking issue. I'd suggest going to the one in the Northeast, it's off of Bustleton Pike, near where it intersects the Boulevard. Definitely a great place to take friends that visit Philly.I really like the Jim's Steaks on South Street and if you look, most of the positive reviews for this particular location near the Roosevelt Mall are actually intended for the South Street location.  
My boyfriend and I went to this Jim's steaks and will never return.  The service was slow, the employees unfriendly, the cheesesteaks were beyond greasy (We can appreciate grease, but this was disgusting!) and when our cheese fries came without cheese, the employee we asked about it seemed mad at us and argued that we didn't order cheese.  We nicely pointed out on the receipt that we did indeed ask and pay - for cheese.  In retaliation, he covered the fries in so much cheese, it was more akin to a cheesy potato soup.  
We both only ate half our cheesesteaks before getting sick, puking and throwing out the rest.  What a waste of $22!!!Consistently good steaks. Prices are a bit high, but they always do a good job here.
Chink's Steaks on Torresdale Avenue is still the best cheese steak i8n Philly.Best steaks in the north east and possibly the whole world. I just wish they deliveredBy far the best cheesteaks in town. Way better than Pats. I do prefer the one at south street.  Highly recomended. And you can still get a beer. The one at Bustleton ave dont sale beer any more.
I like wiz cheese fries. Chees onthe side.Heartbreakingly slow service followed by a run of the mill and ridiculously overpriced cheesesteak. The interior of this location looks pretty dirty and dated. I won't be going here again.Jim's Steaks is the real deal if you're looking for a good cheesesteak. I like the fact that it's slightly cheaper than Pat's and Geno's, it's indoors, it's warm, and this location has a parking lot! No ridiculous lines or bs etiquette.
Philly Cheese Steak - 1 wiz wid (wiz cheese w/ onions). It's prepared slightly different from the other places. At Jim's, they spread the wiz on the hoagie with a knife before the slab on the meat. At Pat's, they lather the wiz on top of the sandwich. It's a much neater and cleaner looking sandwich at Jim's. The steak is also prepped differently. At Jim's, they chop up the steak. After my first bite, the flavors and juices were flowing in my mouth. It's a very juicy sandwich but for my taste, I found it a tad bit salty. Other than the saltiness, still a great sandwich to devour.
Cheese Fries - Salty and the fries aren't as good as Pat's. The fries weren't as crispy but they have offer a better price for what they serve.
Service - Chef (ordering process) is great. Dude got down my order with the quickness. The lady at the register, OMG! Fuggedaboutit! She took forever with everything. My fries, beverages, and when it was time to figure out my change, my food was getting cold. I speak English just fine but she had me repeating everything multiple times!
Me: Hi, how you doin? Can I get an order of Cheese fries and two bottles of water?
Lady: You want cheese with your fries?
Me: Yes
Lady: How many would you like?
Me: 1 order of cheese fries and 2 bottles of water.
Lady: (After she places the cheese fries on my tray) Would you like anything to drink with that?
Me: Yes! 2 bottles of water!
She then starts to calculate my order without my 2 cheese steaks. Then it takes her another good minute to figure out the total of 2 cheese steaks with the cheese fries and water. I then give her cash, and now she takes another minute to count the coins for my change.
Verdict - Despite a real dumb lady who is incompetent of handling very basic register duties, Jim's can make a legit juicy, tasty, consistent cheese steak. I liked how the chef made the steaks on the spot unlike Pat's and Geno's whereas cooking loads of steaks in advance to cut down the wait time. With that said, there's a trade off. Do you want to wait slightly longer for your order to be nice and fresh plus juicy tender steaks? or your cheese steaks fast and that are more than likely to be dry and bland? It's a hit or miss at Pat's.
I personally prefer Jim's slightly over Pat's. I like the indoor seating. I hated freezing my butt off at Pat's. Jim's feels a lot warmer, cleaner and their menu is priced better than their competition. I like to enjoy my cheese steak comfortably and at Jim's, they offer that. Plus, and this is a big one, they accept credit cards!! I didn't realize that until after the lady gave back my change!CHEESESTEAK RATING: F-
WORST Cheesesteak ever.
Yuck! Taste like steak-ums from the freezer, filled with disgusting grease, and chopped so much it seems like the label would read Ingredients: Beef flavored Grease and Imitation MeatNot that I'm revealing a veil of secrecy here, but the basic ingredients of a cheese steak are pretty much flat top griddle fried thin sliced fresh beef, onions and cheese whiz on a fresh soft roll. 
That's what you get. And it's tasty.
Wash it down with a coke and belch happily afterward.This review is for the Jim's at the Roosevelt Mall, NOT Jim's on South Street. 
This place blows. It's a shame that people from out of town are misled into coming to this location. I remember when they opened this pit up several years back. I was like "Oh, cool, a Jim's in my neck of the woods". I was disillusioned rather quickly. DON'T GO HERE!!  There really should be an option for 0 stars, because this stinkhole deserves one. The service sucks( & you get a side of attitude w/ it!!) & so do the steaks. Gritty, fatty, tough meat served on a soggy, greasy roll. Absolutely awful. If you want Jim's, GO TO SOUTH STREET!! They've been making cheesesteaks down there on that grill forever, & that grill definitely imparts flavor to the meat. Bustleton Ave is South Streets forgotten stepchild. Really shouldn't be allowed to be called JIM'S.When you live in the West Coast, you know you're missing Jim's Steaks. I tried other cheese steak shops around here but nothing compares to Jim's. This will always be on my list of next stops when I visit Philly again.I've had both Pat's and Geno's and Jim's beats both of them.  I still don't understand the whiz thing, for me great steak on a great roll needs real cheese - Provolone. I've been to all three Jim's locations and have been very satisfied at all of them, but South Street still has the best atmosphere by far and is where I take out of town visitors.By far the best food in philly.  I eat a lot of cheesesteaks.  I went to some of the most well known cheesesteak places in philly.  But this one has great food. The customer service is awesome.  The girls there are friendly and always smiling.  The cooks are great and know how to cool some great food. Def come here for some good food!Went here to have my first go at a Philly Cheesteak. Disappointing is how I'd describe my experience here. 
The sandwich was dripping with fat and oil. The steak was not seasoned properly. It tasted very bland. And I could feel my arteries getting clogged with every single bite. Maybe it's not the restaurant. Maybe all cheesteaks are this way. Not getting one anytime again soon.Went here about a week ago the service was terrible the workers there were rude, especially the grill guy and they all looked miserable, and just looked like they hated their lives. Made my experience terrible. Plus they forgot to put cheese on my sandwich. I'll never come back. Steves for the win everyone.Okay, so I was out and about today with my mom and she had a craving for a cheesesteak, we originally went to this place that she used to eat at when she was growing up, but you couldn't pay me to eat anything out of there (they had slices of pizza out in the open on plates already, no thanks!). I figured why not gives Jim's a second chance. The steaks are small but you find them small at every other steak location nowadays. I simply had American cheese and fried onion with a little ketchup, it was so good, and I'm a person who doesn't likes steaks all that much. From now on I will be coming back to Jim's.Well, this was our "appetizer" meal before we went to Steve's. Yes, Steve's is much better, which is why it was our grand finale meal.
Ok, the staff was friendly. That's a plus. They don't serve beer at this location, anymore. It's been awhile since I've been here, but after some friendly conversation with the cashier, I learned the owner didn't want to shell out the cash to renew the liquor license. That's fine, I understand liquor licenses are costly.
I like the fact that they have actual tables for dining in. Yes, every table will be dirty, but I was expecting this. It's a cheesesteak place. I'm not looking for cleanliness or ambiance, I just want a damn steak sandwich. It was nice to sit down, at a table, with my gf.
The food. We ordered extra whiz with, and some cheese fries. I kinda like how they chop the onions in large pieces. I normally prefer diced, but I was ok with their style. They sure are stingy with cheese, which I knew, which is why I ordered extra. Yeah. Less cheese than most places standard whiz with. The actual steak was a little dry, had only a little flavor, but was edible.
I forgot to mention the cheese fries, yeah, they were forgettable, I've already forgotten about them.
Overall, this place is a step up from my local pizza place, and wawa. It's not worth a special trip. In this area you'll be better off with Steve's, or Chink's(Joe's).This place used to be official, although not as good as their south st location. Quality has definitely gone down and they are decent at best compared to others in the area like Steve's. I have since stopped going hereIt's ok. I was disappointed by pat's an geno's so I tried this place because of a food blogger. Jim's is definitely better then those 2 but I've honestly had better in Baltimore (Looney's). I was expecting the steak to be more tender but the mushrooms and onions were marinated well and really flavorful.Not a huge cheesesteak fan to begin with, especially with tourist traps like Pat and Geno's. As a matter of fact, the best cheesesteak I've had was from a Korean lunch truck. That aside however, I've driven by Jim's on South street many times and I must say, the aroma is fricking amazing. I never tried getting one because the line was always super long and I don't want to work that hard for a cheesesteak.
So it has been years that I've neglected Jim's on South street. One day however, I happen to be craving cheesteakrs and I happen to be around Cottman. I figure what the heck? Same store, no line, close to home, so I went in to try it. Holy shizzle, it's good! There's like a mountain of fried onions on the flat top, it's become a natural flavor bed for the fresh steaks to be cooked on. The meat here is juicy! They don't skim in the meat either, this place let me know you are a carnivore and proud of it. The bread is soft and acts as a pillow for all that meat and onion and cheese whiz. Hands down, it's my favorite place to go for steaks now. If you want good stuff but none of the hassles, come down to this location. You will arrive curious and leave satisfied.Worst pizza steak I've ever had. Steak was tasteless, they ran out of mozzarella and used two minuscule pieces of Provolone. Tiny amount of sauce sprinkled on top of the lousy stale roll. It wasn't even prepared the way a pizza steak should be prepared. One star for the onions - NEVER again!I'm from NYC and went to philly for a day with my gf.  We tried Jim's steaks and Geno's.  I can tell you without a doubt that Jim's is better.  Geno's was all stringy with fatty bits all over the meat.  Jim's had quality quality meat.1 word. awesome. Great service and great food. I will be eating again for sure. Quick service and perfect food and awesome communication. A++++++++++Note to owner, if you are going to have floors that require the use of a  5 gallon bottle of bleach to clean them, wait until the place closes to patrons. Bleaching the floors while people are eating definitely tells them to go away and never come back. There are so many other places to get a cheesesteak!Went here on 4/2/17 at around 9 p.m. and had a mushroom cheesesteak and cheesefries: 
The employees were a-holes, but the steak was excellent and the fries were nice and crispy. I'm used to dealing with a-holes, so I will return at some point.The cheesesteak was good, but it wasn't groundbreaking, "I'm going to tell people about this" level. It's grilled up fresh by order, comes out piping hot, layered with cheese whiz and whatever toppings you want (you can also order it with different cheeses). 
The interior of this place is a bit of a throwback, old school diner feel - it feels weird that it's in a strip mall. Staff were friendly, although there was a minor mess-up with our order. Not a big deal at all. If I were passing it, I'd stop in again, but I think for now I still need to up my cheesesteak portfolio and try other places.Well I was visiting from Virginia and wanted to try an authentic Philly cheese steak. My friend and I waited in a long line outside for about 30 mins and another 30 mins inside.  I was highly anticipating my first bite after getting my cheese steak loaded with mayo, provolone, onions and peppers. It looked soooooo good! However, NOTHING was seasoned. It was bland meat and even the onions and peppers couldn't make up for the flavorless, dry meat. My friend and I were highly disappointed. I was told that a different location is a lot better so I may try that one on my next visit.I went to a different location closer the the football stadium. They make amazing cheese steaks. They were fast considering the line was out the door and around the corner. I would definitely go again.This location of Jim's Steaks is actually better than the one on South Street.  They offer breakfast sandwiches here and a few other extras that the South Street location probably doesn't have the time (or space) to offer.
The eating area is flat and spacious and typical of a cheesteak/hoagie joint in the city.  I prefer Center City to the Northeast (any day!), but I actually prefer this branch of Jim's over the one on South (mostly because of the absence of the super-long line snaking out of the door).
And, folks, take it from a native Philadelphian like myself (third-generation): A true Philadelphian would never, ever order a cheesesteak with Cheese Whiz.  That's for tourists.  You either ask for American or provolone (cheddar is passable), with fried onions and ketchup.At of all the cheesesteak places in Philly this is the one I prefer to go to. I love going here after work because their open late and I don't get done till late. The cheese fries are delicious, I love the whiz. The cheesesteaks are delicious also. The steak is cut up the way I like it not all shredded up and not giant slabs either. I always get em with the provolone, so good. There's usually no line when I go and the workers are chill. The prices are good for the amount of food you get. You can also eat inside which I like because you can't do that at genos or pats.I love Jim's Steaks but this location for some reason serves a smaller version of the Cheesesteaks than the rest of the Jim's Steaks I've tried. When I complained about the size of the sandwich to the manager, he said ' you were probably really hungry and it just seemed smaller" Well in this economy that was a lame response and my list of favorite Cheesesteak places just seem smaller by one particular location. To top it off, they don't offer a ice, cold  pint carton of Artic Tea.  Jim's Steaks without Artic Ice Tea? C'mon dude!This place was really good. I don't know about the people that called it steak ums because that is completely false. We watched the guy make our cheesesteak and he clearly took real steak from a container and cooked it on the grill. I also like the fact that the grilled onions were caramelized very nicely. Good flavor and you can add many different toppings or condiments if you wish.
We went to Steve's two blocks away and walked out because the steak isn't chopped up and went here instead. I'm glad we made that decision.
I know everyone says it's so cliche to have to get a Cheese steak while in Philadelphia but I always want one when I do come.They do cheesesteaks - inexpensive and classic.
Nevermind the down-and-out surroundings, you're in the right place.
Just a friendly pointer from a former Cheez Whiz critic - don't hate! Provolone may be a prettier word, but its just watered-down Swiss. After finally trying my first Whiz-steak, I see why PA stands behind it.Three generations, soon to be four, have had the pleasure eating Jim's Steaks and Hoagies over the years.  I've had cheesesteaks from all over the world from Singapore to LA and no one can compare to these guys. Just last week I made a 6 hour round trip just to get my cheesesteak fix.  From the roll, to the fried onions that caramelize on the grill all day to the Whiz.....Jim's is hands down the best!This place is pretty dope but here are a few tips
1. Order pick up -  The wait here seems crazy !! Only day you'll find a spot is a cold Sunday.
2. CASH ONLY !
3. If your inside they have a few more seats upstairs.
4. Order extra Wiz on EVERYTHINGIt was solid, but the toppings are cold... canned or boiled mushroom thrown on top and not heated, etc. 
I found Ishkabibble's down the way muchhh better!The question usually comes down to: Geno's or Pat's?  Well, I am pleased to tell you that you can stop rattling your brain over such a moronic question.There's no need to buy into this feud between dueling "quality" cheese steak establishments. Screw which one's better. Does it really matter when neither of them make the best cheese steak in the city to begin with?
You all know where Jim's Steaks is and if you don't, just walk along South Street and look for a long-@ss line. People often ask me, "Is it worth the wait?" Well, let's see. Do you want your taste buds to scream in sweet, sweet (or savory, savory) ecstasy? I'm assuming you're on Yelp because you do. I suggest bringing along a Jim's vet to help you with the order. You need to be loud, confident, and on point. The cooks are actually really nice guys; show them respect and they will provide you with a delicious meal.
Geno's or Pat's? Geno's or Pat's? Avoid the petty competition and just go to Jim's.
Peace.The 1st thing I noticed and tasted was the mixed burned meat with freshly cooked meet. They tend to let the meet sit and burn. My girl friend asked for fried onions 3 times and they still attempted to serve the steak without onions. The beer was warm and the wait was way to long for such a short line. Oh! We wanted to ask a question and they  would give us stupid answers trying to anticipated what we were trying to ask. We never got an answer to our question. I think the worst thing was that as they were cooking our steaks some of the staff was eating Chinese takeout. Why?I was visiting from Miami,Florida and wanted to eat a good Philly cheese steak. I asked everyone I saw walking by where the best Philly cheese steak was. Most people said "Jims Steak's".So When I went there was a line to the exit. But most people said the line goes fast. 
It was true we were at the front door in less than ten minutes. when I got the cheese steak I went up stairs and ate the whole thing in 7 minutes! It was that good. After when I left I was thinking that that was so Delicious. So I went back and got another one.The Cheesesteaks were awesome, the size were huge. Only thing is that the places is in a weird neighborhood and there's no real place to seat an eat. Next time I go to Philly I will definitely try this place again.Was a visitor and this place was referenced many times. 
I tried the cheese steak and  I honestly wasn't impressed.
It seemed like the meat was watered down or something...
Was lacking flavor big time.. I never put salt or pepper on my food.
Other then that it was ok... I just felt I could get it anywhere else you know? 
Lots of history there and maybe at one point it use to be really good.Delicious cheese steaks!!  Extremely helpful people behind the counter :).  This was my first meal in Philly and it will not be forgotten.had a steak with provolone/onions/mushrooms.  while it was good, didn't have my jaw dropping.  Maybe it was the hype that everyone was telling me about, and the anticipation of the long line that always wrapped around the corner that i wanted it to be out of this world.  Would i come back, maybe.  but if i had a choice between jims and its neighbor across the street, i'd choose the neighbor that sells the gremlins. 
There is seating upstairs.  Cash only, and drinks are in cans or bottles.Not the nices establishment but they make a damn good cheese steak and it's worth the trip!Wow...I've never been to this 62nd st. location! Never even knew it was there. Anyway, the Jim's I usually go to (at 4th & South) is, in my opinion, the best cheesesteak in the city. No...it really is. Pat's is just like everyone else, and I've got way too many cold steaks from Geno's. They're both for tourists! Jim's has always given me a fresh roll, and a well-seasoned steak. The american cheese is extra tasty as well. The sandwich is rather non-greasy (it's probably the healthiest cheesesteak in the city too). But lets not get carried away here...it still a cheesesteak!  I definitely have to stop by this location next time (I assume this is the original location)?    And lastly, the one in Springfield is not up to par. The rolls are stale and/or soggy, and the steaks are just not the same. Keep it up Jim!My friends and I rode to Philadelphia after being advised that the party scene was great.Upon our arrival we realized that everything in Philadelphia closes early. We then went on a quest to find a great philly cheese steak. We were told that "Jim's" was the place to go. Of course when we got there it was closed. We begged to be let in for about 10 mins. The owner was nice enough to let us in. Let's just say the food was awesome. The customer service was great and the people were nice. I would recommend Jim's to everyone as they treated use like family. The only downside is that they didn't have any bbq sauce, but other than it it was great.Ok. We were in town from NYC for a couple nights and wanted to try one of the famed cheesesteaks. We've tried Pat's, and it was fine, so this time we decided to try Jim's. The sandwiches were 'OK'. Honestly, the meat just needed to be seasoned. Some salt would have really helped it out tremendously. Don't think we'd go back.Great cheesesteak! Cook really knows her stuff! Fresh ingredients and efficient process! Will come back again! FYI! It's a cash only place.The locals all know that this is THEE best cheese steak on the face of the planet.  Pat's and Geno's?? Pshhhhhhhhhh. get outta mah FACE!
I've been going to Jim's for the past 7 years or so, ever since my sister went to college in Philadelphia.  The bread is crusty, fluffy, and soft.  The steak meat is fresh, moist, and decadent.  The Cheese whiz is gooey, salty, melty and cheesy....... Pair this with a yoohoo and you will be in heaven!!!!
All I got left to say is:  You haven't had a real cheese steak til you had Jim's!!!As someone who doesn't eat a lot of meat, I still HAVE to come here whenever I'm in Philadelphia. The meat is cooked thoroughly and chopped pretty finely; the onions are grilled; and the cheese whiz (*get extra whiz!*) ties it all together. Also, the bread is fresh and chewy. 
Just a note: Know what you want before ordering, and have cash ready. Don't forget to get a Yuengling!Alright, so I just scrolled down the entire first page, only to find ratings no less then 4 stars. I guess im the only one that did not have a good Jim's Steaks experience.
All I remember is traveling by Amtrak to Philadelphia from New York, only to wait in a long line for a crappy, soggy, oily philly cheesteak (okay, maybe thats not all I came to Philly for). I think the worst part about it was the fact that they used CANNED mushrooms ! Double yuck.
I went to Pat's a few weeks ago, howere, with my mom and aunt, and I must say, I actually enjoyed their cheesteak much more. I don't know.. maybe Jim's Steak was just an unfortunate luck of the draw.Best Philly cheesesteak hands down!
Delicious, not greasy. 
With that being said its not in a great part of town. Couldn't keep me from coming back though.When in Philly, you must, must, must get a Philly cheesecake and I head that this place is one the best! Before you get to the door you can smell the amazingness outside. The line was out the door but it moved very fast. Loved the guy at the front that was taking orders, he has clearly been doing this for a while and was super fast with it. Know what you want before you get up there! It's a very small place and looks wise, it's nothing special at all but the the food didn't disappoint, very good! Great staff as well.GREAT! lots of meat and i like the way they chop up the meat...you can add mushrooms and onions if you want which make the cheesesteak taste so much better! Anyone that visits me here will definitely expect a visit to Jim's!Jim's cheesecteaks is still the best I've ever tasted! I will go out of my eay to get a cheesesteak and fries from Jim's on public transportation! I don't eat many cheesesteaks like I used to do but Jim's is still the best in my opinion. I used to live near the store so I could walk there anytime, but since I don't anymore I will still catch public transportation or UBER to get one. You gotta try it at least once. You  be will become addicted !I have to be fair. Jim's was only three stars. Their cheese steaks are great. I enjoyed mine but I had to wait in line for an hour. That means something. I simply can't give Jim's the treatment some feel it deserves.
1.) Dirty. For the most part you can tell they made an attempt to make the upstairs nice but with all their business I would think they would reinvest in their bathrooms and in places where the customer walk (like on the way to the up stairs which is through the kitchen and kind of gross). 
2.) No fries. I was craving double fried fries with this. It would have been a match made in heaven. But instead I got just a bag of chips and a canned soda. The soda selection was great though!
3.) My wife didn't like how they didn't seem to saute the mushrooms and I have to agree...I didn't even taste them. Also a little bit more mayo or cheese would have been nice.
The cheese stakes are good. But don't expect to be filled after standing in line so long, and don't expect to be blown away. Geno's and Pat's don't seem to do well either. I would recommended Delesandro's outside of the city in Roxborough!great place onions cooked nicely browned to perfection. ..steak nice and tender place looked nice and clean. ..meat was pink and fresh in a container  she was cooking
i got provolone...get salt and pepper makes it perfect.. provilone nicely melted awsome sandwich  
order at window where she is cooking...
not at register.If you haven't been to Jim's yet you are missing out! Best Philly cheesesteak hands downIf you like your cheesteak minced and greasy, this place is pretty good. The peppers were cold and probably a few days old. Got the cheesesteak with provolone, mushrooms, peppers, and onions. A good hearty mess but nothing to write home about. Walking distance from Society Hill made it convenient. The upstairs and downstairs seating is nicer in colder weather. Maybe should try Tony Luke's or Pat's.Its all about the chEEeEeeEEEse....whiz. 
Whenever I visit Philly, Jim's Steaks is an absolute must visit.  No questions, comments, or obstacle, go to Jim's to get a cheesesteak wid the whiz, mushrooms, onions, and peppppers!  You will not regret.I was recommended this location by a local, and it was pretty awesome. I mean, I guess cheesesteaks aren't normally my cup of tea, so I can't say it changed my life or anything, but my trip to Philly was definitely better having made a stop at Jim's.  The wait was about 30 minutest, and i'm assuming that it usually is.Listen... I don't give a CRAP about Pat's or Gino's. THIS is where it's AT, homies!
Driving through the ghetto to get here is just part of the charm but once you see those black tiles, you're home! This is a long, narrow building with basically just standing room to eat. That's ok because the cheesesteak is so worth it! 
I ordered mine with mushrooms, onions, and provolone. The bun was the perfect soft fluffiness that encased the juicy meat and accompaniments that I ordered with a nice melted provolone. Add a can (or bottle) of beer and you're all set! Can you get any better than this? I'm not so sure! And I really enjoyed watching them cook it as well. Of course I always add hot sauce to mine but to each his own! 
It's in your best interest to go off the beaten path and visit Jim's!I sat on a bus for 2 hours and then trekked through the rain for one reason: to enjoy a real Philly cheesesteak for the first time in my life.
Rather than taking a cab to Pat's and Geno's, our local tourist guide brought us to Jim's Steaks. Walking up to Jims (a mere 6 blocks that was more of a mere 20), it hits all of the right heart-thumping tourist traps.
- Line running out the door (even in the rain)
- Signed photos of celebs on the wall
- 4+ star review on Yelp
- Simple menu
- Loud man behind the counter barking for your order
"Uh oh," I thought as I crossed my fingers and ordered, "Cheesesteak with whiz and mushrooms, please." Hands flew as the man quickly opened a bun, slathered some cheese whiz on it, and flipped some cooked steak onto the roll before dumping a mountain of onions and then mushrooms atop the growing pile of deliciousness.
I paid for that sucker and sprinted upstairs to score a seat at a table. And that's where the beauty of it all began. I bit into the cheesesteak and a huge YUM hit me right in the kisser. Happiness consumed me on the spot, and I was the 2nd (out of the 6 of us) to finish their cheesesteak (losing only to Tim M, who to be fair, was /starving/). 
While I haven't had other Philly cheesesteaks IN Philly, I'm not sure if I'd be willing to risk trying another place. Jim's makes my taste buds dance, so why risk forcing them to be wallflowers at another mediocre place? 5 stars for Jim's!I second just about everything Brian J said, since well we were on the same visit...
South Street Jim's... skip it.  A waste of time. The line at the South Street location was probably 30-40 people long when we were there on a Monday.  And it wasn't moving at all.  Someone told us it wasn't touristy.  That person needs glasses.
So skip the south Street Jim's.  Come here instead.  It's a 10 minute drive from the South Street location (GPS recommended if you're not from the area!).  The same food is $1-3 less a sandwich at this less touristy location, so the cost of gas is offset even!  ...It seems like public transit even gets you less than a block away if you're in for a real deal adventure (it was via old school street car, though a new train line is being constructed there as well).
The food itself... I'm no expert on Philly cheesesteaks, so I don't know how much I can comment on that... But we were told by a few (including checking here on Yelp) that they had the best, and those people are probably right.  We had a few hours road trip to follow so we skipped the onions, but next time I really want onions on mine!
The staff was really nice.  I get the idea they've probably been around there awhile.Very overrated here.  We are out of towners and we had three Philly cheesesteaks on our stage and by far these were the worst.I do not understand the enthusiastic reviews of this establishment. A bad neighborhood combined with a greasy cheesesteak make for a totally forgettable experience. Extremely disappointing.well the meat was tasteless, the 'cook" forgot the wiz.  Not worth the visit...Jim's is on par with Pat's steaks in my mind. 
Jim's take on the cheesesteak is breaking the meat into small pieces which cooks differently and obviously faster. I find it a bit more moist than Pats. 
Great bread and the guys cooking are always entertaining.  
Second floor seating area for 25-35 with a view of South street for great people watching, and some standing room spots on the first floor for those on the go.Excellent! People are friendly and kind, always a pleasure. . Best cheesesteaks in Philadelphia!Good peppers and sharpe provolone. Standing in line outside and around the corner not so cool.Bland City. Recently relocated to Philly from NY, and naturally a good cheesesteak was something I've really been looking forward to. What a disappointment. At least the service was fast, efficient and friendly. That is always something I appreciate greatly. But the cheesesteaks themselves... Just no flavor whatsoever. The cheese was virtually a non-presence, either because they use too little or because whatever they're using lacks taste. The meat could have been virtually anything - I don't doubt the quality of it, but it was so lacking in flavor that it could easily have been replaced with any material of a similar texture. Additionally, I was kind of stunned to see the cook pour what I believe to have been water on a mound of sizzling steak... What??? Not sure why this was done. To degrease the grill? No idea, but try adding a bunch of water to any meat you're cooking, and the result is not going to be a flavor infusion. Dry and bland, my friends. I will need to look elsewhere for the cheesesteak experience I've been coveting.Forget Pat's and Gino....besides only tourist go to those places. Real Philly Locals go to Jim's! Awesome steaks, the steak they use is lean and just enough marbling to give it great flavor. I've been a fan for years. It's truly a great steak places hands down. This coming from an uber picky eating you can trust the streaks are good (and the hoagies)so it is a sketchy area and you have to pay cash, the cheese steaks are soooo worth it! At least you don't have to stand in an impossibly long line like the one on South St.After walking into the South Street location, we knew we had to leave.  The super long line, overabundance of Midwestern tourists and autographs of annoying people on the wall (i.e. Ann Heche) made me uncomfortable.  This didn't feel like the real thing.  
We knew Pat's and Geno's were tourist traps but didn't expect Jim's to be like that.  It was.  We needed to flee.  All I could hear in my head was "Innnnnnnn West Philadelphia, born and raised...." and I knew we needed to head towards the original Jim's.  We made a quick call (from the line at Jim's on South -- just in case) to make sure they were open (Labor Day) and indeed they were.  Let's roll. 
We made it to Jim's on 62nd without too much drama .  A few block parties caused interesting re-routes that gave us a taste of the neighborhood.  I don't know Philadelphia and I don't know you, but I felt safe enough.  Hell, after walking into Jim's I felt like I'd never need to leave!  
I knew as soon as we started chatting with the employees inside that this place was getting 5-stars.  Not an attitude to be found, they made our steak with mushrooms and whiz an event to be remembered with their suggestions and sweet smiles.  I'm all for ketchup, salt and pepper, by the way.  Just thinking about it again makes my mouth water.  The bread was top notch, not the least big soggy even after we transported part of one back to Annapolis (4 meals in one day can be tough for even ME to pull off).  
Philadelphia is a city full of rich history -- don't let the fact that this is Jim's original location and that they use the same grill that was installed in 1939 get lost on you.  This is the real deal.  Oh and the prices are lower than the South Street location.  So take that Anne Heche.    
Now I know why the Fresh Prince was begging and pleading with mom day after day not  to have to kick it in Bel-Air.  He must have known about Jim's.So it's spring break and one of my destinations is Philadelphia, home of the cheesesteak. Where do I go? I go to Jim's Steaks and believe me, they really don't f*** with you there. 
It's really about as good as it gets, giant hoagie roll loaded with some really fresh meat and grilled onions (had provolone, lettuce, tomato, mayonnaise on both tries and the first try included red peppers and mushrooms). When I say that it's loaded, I seriously mean LOADED. Not only that, it was juicy. Hot damn! My only gripe was that I felt the meat lacked a bit of salt, but hey, it's got the real beef flavor, so that makes up for everything.
I think it's pretty hard to imagine how anyone can go for seconds considering how massive these things are, but metabolism be damned: I was hungry enough to go for another. Also, my friend and I are notorious for having ridiculously high metabolisms and we already found them filling on the first try. Sadly enough, I ended up giving half to my buddy. Ah well.
When I went for seconds, I think the staff were pleased since my buddy and I were very non-local; imagine a Slovak guy and an Asian girl walking in there, having driven a car with an Illinois plate off to the 'hood in a city unfamiliar to us... that should tell you how much we stood out (sound like Chris B.?). However, they're friendly folks and as far as I recall, they constantly had people in there (It was around 4 PM when we got there). To note: The place was a bit of a hole-in-the-wall and there's also an ATM available.
To conclude, I have to say that this was the biggest highlight of my trip to Philadelphia.
N.B. Found this place via Google and Yelp. Had no desire to check out touristy places like Pat's or Geno's.Looking for the holy grail of cheesesteaks? Look no further than Jims steaks on N. 62nd street in West Philly.
I have been visiting Philadelphia since the mid 80s and there's none better than Jims. This isn't no tourist trap cheesesteak joint (thats Pats and Genos), this is the real deal. This is the original location that Jim started in 1939.  
Only the best ingredients are used here. Marinated top round beef, with you're choice of wiz, provone, or American cheese. If you're looking for an authentic Philly cheese steak its gotta have whiz! They also make their own hot sauce for you're steak, plus they offer "long hots" which adds another whole layer of flavor.  Its very small inside, just a counter and a few bar stools for seating. There's also a ATM there too, Incase you run short of cash and wanna take a few steaks home to put in your freezer!
You've tried the rest....now try the best in West Philly.  Jims on N. 62nd!Forget Pat's and Geno's.  Jim's is where it's at.  Loved the upstairs dining area.  Something about the steak that I liked more than the other two.  
http://www.nadsbakery.com/2010/05/day-3-philly-cheesesteak-wars-ritas.htmlNever the judge or a juror, just a foodie....actually 3 3/4 rating.... Yees, we're alive , this place is a shout out to brotherly love, now........drum roll please.........AND THE WINNER IS Jim's Steaks at this location particularly. We went to 6 different cheesesteak spots after riding 3.4 hours Pat's King of Steaks, Geno's Steaks, Steve's Prince of Steaks,Tony Luke's Steaks, George's in the Reading Market, and Jim's Steaks, to find a clear winner , and we have , this will help you greatly if you trust our experience. On the bread , meat, cheese and toppings, and overall experience scales 1-5, this place tops all categories at 4.3 ,juicy,very flavorful ,well potioned  ,huge meaty ,everything able to be tasted, grilled taste ,fresh ingredients ,good choices, get it and run with it environment....... stellar. I could pin point each subject and give it's pro's and cons.....not necessary because any deficiencies are well compensated for by the mmms and aaahs of the sandwich as a whole, ....you taste the grill...that simply means that the stuck on bottom of the grill,  makes a hot sandwich.....hot (top notch) and all components in your bread  get juiced in , it's not messy.... but it's is a mess, it's a mess how they have this long line around the block , that before you can even start looking at your watch you're at the door,...yes... it's a mess how they have you stand there watching them prepare everyone else's sandwich to perfection,  knowing your sandwich is next, to be executed, .....and no ....that call is not coming from the governor to pardon your crimes, then they start the murder ( of my sandwich) it's almost like in the movie Gladiator, when all these competitors get in this arena of cheesesteaks,  with their menial weapons, battling to just stay alive, when Jim's place has a cause ....... it is to keep the hopes of an iconic sandwich alive.......to overcome the 76ers flat lining  live in basketball,..... to make right the wrongs of the psychotic, booing Santa Claus fans in Philly,.......... and of course............. Will Smith. Cheesesteak is all they have left people,  they need a hero...... .. Jim's Steaks,... like the Gladiator he is,  and  you can almost imagine Jim standing on the counter yelling.............. are you not entertained.COME ON...
I was in Philly for one day...
I had time for just one cheesesteak, I looked at every list imaginable and that combined with YELP, led me here...
I headed straight from the airport to their original location on 62nd... 
Being a suburban white boy I was a little uncomfortable at dusk in this neighborhood...
What happened next was life changing...
Seriously, I'm having trouble concentrating, I've got cheesesteak on the mind...
For $7 bucks I got lunch and dinner wrapped in a tasty bun, delicious finely chopped steak, cheese wiz (but you can get provolone or american), mushrooms, peppers, onions...PHENOMENAL
One of the best food experiences of my life.
As good as it gets!I went there at 12:52 to get my first cheesesteak. My friends recommended this location and we drove for 30 minutes to get here. They were closed and the lady in the front had an attitude. We watched 3 guys walk out the instant second they "closed". An hour before closing, no one wanted to serve us. So disappointed. Never again!For some strange reason, I would always wind up at one these locations during my touring days. It's safe to say, I have a cheesesteak guardian angel somewhere.
There's nothing super remarkable about Jim's, and I think that's a good thing. It goes to show that divey, late-night cravings don't need to be so pretentious.Best cheesesteak I've had & great service too. The meat is super tender and tasty, the bread is crunchy on the outside and fluffy on the inside, and the onions made itCraved a cheesesteak for weeks prior to my trip to Philly.  Didn't know what to expect exactly but too much cant go wrong from cheese/meat/bread!  After a day if anticipation and a full day of being on our feet, the crew settled on Jims (great yelp reviews and not as touristy as pats or genos).  So tired, hungry and whiny, we got there greeted by a line.  I almost keeled over from despair and hunger.  The line went quicker than expected and it was pretty amazing to see why-ONE guy at the grill was making EVERYONE's cheesesteaks.  My provolone with was what the doctor ordered--simple meat, soft bread, melted cheese and carmelized onions.  Not super cheap ($9/person including a drink) but a fun and tasty experience.  Because of the volume of customers and the people who run it, you do feel it would be dire and extremely embarrassing to mess up while ordering.I am an out of towner, and the natives told me to check this place out.  When we drove up the line was around the building!  We were filled with anticipation.  I read the menu several times rehearsing what I was going to say so that I would pass for someone "in the know."  I failed... so oh well!  The cheesesteak won't fail me right....?  WRONG!  
At first bite, I thought what is the friggin hype?  Salt... where's the salt?  I salted my cheesesteak up...and thought, "bite number 2 here I come."  I was still left with, um... maybe my taste buds are dead!  So I cleared my pallet with some soda and thought, maybe its the size of the bite!  So, bite three... the biggest chomp I could take.  With a full mouth and steak falling out on both sides I ate, then I pondered, maybe it's me and I just don't get the steak!  
I do not deny that the place is good.  If people are willing to stand in line around the block, this joint is doing something right.  But, me...it wasn't my thing!  Give me sushi any day!Jerry's Subs makes a better Cheese Steak.. What is all the hype about it was butchered meat that was extremely dry with no flavor. Is it really hard to put some S&P before you cook something and the cheese is not melted they just stick it in your bread. The employees are rude most people that come to this place where from out of town you moron no one cares about your stupid "rules". And they only except cash really what kind of business are you running that doesn't allow you to pay with credit cards. Save your time don't wait in line for some crappy cheese steak and they don't even serve friesFar better that pats or genos will ever be....i stop jn here everytime I am in philly...the bestI had my very first cheesesteak with wiz here and I never turned back!  This place is amazing!!!  
I was told by a Philly native to eat here as it was the best cheesesteaks in town.  I was skeptical at first but when I got there, the aroma of the cheesesteaks was wafting at me from across the street.  There was a long line but it moves very quickly.  For anyone who is not a fan of wiz, they do have other selections as well.  
This sandwich was so moist and delicious and the bread was soft and chewy.  The wiz gave it just the perfect amount of saltiness but not so much that it was overwhelming.
My only complaint is that the sandwich is not as large as I hoped and I could probably eat 2 in one sitting.First time in Philadelphia, so this is my first true cheesesteak. Fabulous! The steak was sliced very thin. It was tender and juicy and flavorful and there was plenty of it. Got it with American cheese, onions, and peppers. Veggies were cooked just right: not mushy, not underdone. 
The establishment was clean. Downstairs was a little stuffy, probably because it was packed full of people waiting for their cheesesteak. Upstairs was nice. Not many tables, so this is probably not a good place for large groups. There's maybe thirty seats in the whole dining room.
The line was out the door and stayed out the door. 
The staff were all very friendly and knew their stuff. 
If I ever end up in Philadelphia again, I will definitely come back here!I always have a good time eating at Jim's.  The thrill of getting to watch your cheese steak gets make from start to finish is pretty fun. It's subway, but much more fun and steamy (from the stove).
It's a total tourist attraction, but hey, you need one in every city. Plus, where can you go to see Art Deco decoration now a day.A friend and I did a cross country trip and knew we had to try a Philly Cheese Steak. We went off reviews and honestly hours of operation. (We got there late.) But we both agreed that Jims lived up to it's reviews. Cost was decent and barely any wait at all. Solid pick and if you want to try a delish sandwich, I would eat at Jim's!First time back here in about 4 years. Great steaks second time around. Friendly cooks and fast service. The meat is cooked thoroughly and they even chop the onions smaller for you. I got a chz steak with American, wiz and pickles.Yum! Yum! YUMMMM
I got a chicken my boyfriend got steak. The best cheese steak from the friendliest guys! I loved watching them make the food also. & not much of a wait. I will definitely be returning on my next visit to Philly.Hands down my favorite cheesteak in the city. I have waited in lines 1 hour+ at 2:30am and its worth it every single time. Extra Whiz, Eztra Onions, YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPPOINTED. Disregard any negative reviews on here (As few as they are) take it from a South Philly native of 6 years that it doesn't get better than Jim's. Great product, price is the same as the rest of them, central location. What more could you ask for?A staple in Philadelphia. Their cheesesteaks are absolutely amazing. The one on 62nd isn't really a place to sit down and enjoy a meal. More like a spot to pick up your sandwich and enjoy at home. The service was great.Best steaks in philly! This place never lets me down. I like this location better than south street because they provide chicken steaks as wellYes, just yes. Good prices, and unbelievably delicious steaks. The steaks were perfect temperature and the sweet onions brought out perfect flavored, just as a good steak should be! Service was so pleasant and happy. Couldn't recommend it more! :)I think I liked Pat's better.
But I like how there's indoor seating, which is good for cold nights.Ahhh Jims... Jims is very close to my heart, been eating it since a little tyke. Ill take this jims over the other one any day, maybe im bias but oh well I digress... the steaks here are always fresh and they have some of the best hoagies the roast beef is outta sight. My steak of choice  comes with cheezewiz provolone hot peepers salt pepper ketchup & fried onions... now im home sickA lengthy review for Jim's is not needed. It's very simple: Jim's has the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia, but you'll need to wait quite awhile in line to salivate over the best cheesesteak that Philly has to offer.The cook in big portion that is why i do not giv full 5 stars. But the food is extremely niceAfter wanting to visit Philly for years and years to get my hands on an "authentic" Philly cheesteak, I was sorely disappointed.
Waited in line for 2 hours, the service was rude, and the cheesesteak itself was just so-so.  I have had way better outside of Philly.  I do have to say that the cheese whiz is better than the provalone, so get that if you still must go.There are plenty of places to get a cheese steak in Philly...but why go anywhere else when you can get the best? 
The best cheesesteak in Philly, hands down. Nobody comes even close. The touristy places are garbage, and Tony Luke's has franchised so much that it looks and tastes like my high school's wet cheesesteak at this point. Jim's has more than one location, and that's because they have a great product.
And do you know what? The staff here is awesome, too! I've never been made to feel so welcome at a food establishment that didn't do table service. Absolutely wonderful people, start to finish at this place.After living in philly for 5+ years I wouldn't go elsewhere for cheesesteak. Perfection here equals soft bread au jus, choice of cheese, lean beef, mushrooms or onions are optional.We went there after recommended by a friend. 
Area is very sketchy.  We made sure to lock the car door. 
Make to order and it took time to cook.  I was fifth on line and waited for 15 minutes before my turn to order.  
We ordered the mush steak ( add cheese ) and cheese whiz steak.  
They are packed with meat.  My husband liked the mush steak.  I would like mine with more cheese sauce.  It got a little dry after a few bites.  Meat was flavorful.  
Dont expect side dishes like french fries.  They do sell bags of chips.  
Cash only.  Open late as in 2 am.  Check store hours.    
Tight space. No seats.  
Probable will try something else next time.  Tried Geno's and Pat's before.  So far Pat is at first place, Geno 2nd and Jims 3rd.Absolute garbage location. Drove 2 hours each way to get a cheesesteak. Arrived at 1am. Door was already locked. Employee says "we're closed." That's odd/funny because your sign and Google both say you're open till 2. Learn how to run a business. TL;DR: Unreliable late night food spot(they'll close an hour early for no apparent reason). Good cheesesteaks, horrible customer service. Also its in a bad neighborhood.. Never again.I tried a cheese steak provolone cheese salt pepper ketchup mayo and it was gross and had a nasty after taste so try with cautionTaste: Better than Genos or Pats
Area is kinda scary [I felt like I was in the hood] and the only seating is the narrow booth area right up against the line.  
But if you want authentic down right just a plain-o good cheesteak THIS IS THE SPOT - its FREAKING good.Great spot for cheese steak! The line goes out the door and around the corner but do not worry, it moves really fast. The staff seems a little brash but that is the philly attitude, don't let it worry you. The cheesesteak you get here will be juicy and delicious. They have beer too :-)Established in 1930 something, you get the feeling not much has changed. Eating one philly cheese steak with cheese whiz(what they are famous for) while wrestling another pepper and mushroom one that was bursting at the seams with fill-ins, downing all this with some cold refreshing malt liquors I felt like I too would be bursting at the seams. And I could not be happier.I'm so happy I came here!! The cheesesteak was perfection. Everything was cooked well from the onions to the mushrooms and especially the meat!! The meat was so juicy. Also the staff were all very nice. I will definitely come back when I'm around Philly again!Can you say best steaks ever?! I've tried many places that sold cheese steaks but this place takes the cake! Walking into Jim's, i didn't know what to order. The staff took their time and broke it down to know what I wanted in my steak. They were not only professional but they treated you like family when you walk in. They made jokes and really get to know you.The line is long, and it's not as cheap as it used to be, but the food is good. The workers are known to be a little rough around the edges, but it's whatever. If you're in the area its definitely worth stopping in.