Delicious Thai food at an affordable price. Both the Tom Yum and the Tom Kha Gai are amazing, although the Tom Yum has a bit of a kick which might be too spicy for some. The Phad Thai and Drunken Noodle are great as well. The Red Curry was my favorite thing I tried. I will definitely be back to try more items!Great ambiance and I loved my curry dish. The staff there is also super attentive. While I enjoyed the cozy shop it's rather drafty in the winter. Next time I need to ask the staff for a seat  that help you avoid the cold air from outside.Friend and I came here for dinner one night at her recommendation and I was pleasantly surprised by everything. We split the red curry and a drunken noodle dish and both of them were spot on - I do wish they were bigger portions but with a drink plus dessert, I was definitely satisfied by the end. 
Service was very good, very friendly, and I felt very welcome at the restaurant. Apparently the art on the wall was actually shipped over from Thailand but that's just something I've heard. 
For dessert I would go with the fried ice cream.I am Thai and I went for the first time with a couple of my Thai friends who already had gone twice. We tried the chicken red curry and a few appetizers. They were all very awesome and all I can say is that so far everything here is very authentic. In addition to an enjoyable and friendly atmosphere, they very care about the service. The price here is very very reasonable given that the amount of food is quite like American portion.  They also offer a variety of fusion menu that we really like to try next time. We will definitely go again and surely this is my favorite Thai place. They are more than happy to take any comments to make their restaurants the best of the best Thai restaurant in town.   :)I've been to JJ Thai several times and I always leave full and satisfied! Most recently, my friend and I tried their green curry and their duck noodle soup. My soup came with a salad as a starter and the soup itself had a ton of meat in it which was wonderful! Very tasty broth, would definitely order again!Came here awhile back for lunch when I was craving Thai food.  Now I come with my husband every couple of weeks. Love the green curry, drunken noodles and pad Thai. Their salmon is also really good.  The tuna portion wasn't great, but it was tasty. Every time we leave, we are glad we went.This is by far my favorite Thai restaurant in Philly!  My husband and I come here a few times a month, and have tried almost everything on the menu. We love the Drunken Noodle, PraRam, and Pad Gra Paw. You can't go wrong with anything here-- it's all very good!Everything here is great, it's my go to take out place. My favorite is pad see ew, I could eat it in bulk for weeks.I eat here every day for lunch (no exaggeration). The soups and pad thai are beyond words to describe! The staff is supreme! Love, love, love it here!Tried to go to Smile Cafe around the corner, but they were closed on vacation that day, so we wandered a few steps (after a quick yelp search) and came into JJ Thai. It was very good. Their lunch specials are offered on the weekend, which was cool, and the food was delicious. Service was fast and friendly. The restaurant was a bit fancier than we planned for (Smile is much more casual) but no one seemed to mind that we were all fairly hungover and half-asleep. I'll remember this when I want to take a client for some delicious Thai in the future.We started out with a few appetizers money purse, duck ravioli and the steamed muscles. For our main course we ordered a 1/2 duck with curry and pineapple along with a pork dish with peanut source,also the crispy duck salad and shared among us. 
We enjoyed all the food and our going to make this a regular spot, Very clean....I go here all of the time. This is one of my favorite places for Thai food in center city! The staff are incredibly hospitable. I always get the drunken noodles and red curry which never disappoint!! The service is great whether you eat in or take out. Their kitchen is open late until 10 PM which is very convenient. The location is very convenient also. I'll be going here for as long I'm in Philly!We were looking for good green curry and we found it!! JJThai's green curry chicken was medium spiced and delicious! We started with their trio appetizer and I highly recommend the crispy duck salad. We also had the beef drunken noodles and if you are a noodle fan they won't disappoint!
It is a byob but if you forget, there is a little store where you can purchase cold cans of beer to accompany your dinner close by. Last but not least service was excellent!!well decorated and great attentive quick and pleasent service.We had  lunch today.order 4 different dishes everything's was tasty and delicious
chicken satay was very good  ,pad see ew was good too.drunken noodle dish was spot on with flavor altogether very satisfied with everything.will be back for sureNo complaints. Nice decor. BYOB which is excellent. Food was average, not the best I've had but not bad either.I haven't tried many Thai restaurants in the Philly area but this one surely didn't disappoint. The menu at first glance seems pretty pricey, especially for a Thai restaurant. However, you can definitely get a very reasonably priced meal here like I did, for example ordering beef pad see ew, which was only $12. The restaurant only has a few tables and offers a lively yet relaxing atmosphere. Plus the meals are on the larger side, which is always a good thing. 
The spring rolls were a solid starter. Although more expensive than the typical order, they come with 4 large spring rolls, so they're perfect for sharing. As for the meals themselves, they were filling and great. Not the most remarkable but like most other really good Thai spots, they were well above the average. Would definitely revisit, especially to take advantage of their lunch menu!Good, standard thai food nothing over the top. Limited number of choices on the menu and the staff much like the food was good nothing specialStopped by for a quick dinner. Green curry is really good, and you can tell material is fresh. A good Thai place in the city.I usually do not give 5 stars, but after 2 meals, JJ Thai is very close to that number. Maybe 4.5 or 4.75 would be appropriate but I would like to tell diners that this restaurant is a step above most good Thai eateries. A 4 star rating would not be fair. It is Thai with French technique and some French influence on the dishes, including some non-Thai Dishes. The presentation and the blend of flavors are wonderful.
Decor: simple, very clean and pleasing to the eye. Bathrooms are SPOTLESS.
Service: pleasant, informative, eager to please. One of the servers, Tipi (I think that is how it is spelled), engaged in conversation, was happy to explain the dishes. She was very graceful and very helpful.
Food: Everything we had was delicious.
 I especially liked the money pouches (crispy pastries filled with pork and shrimp).They were not mushy as some pouches are. They had a very tasty filling that had a nice meaty texture. They came with a spicy plum sauce. I had 3 orders of this tasty app. so far.
The mussels were fresh small mussels in a spicy sauce with lemongrass, chili and basil, onions, green and red peppers.
The duck ravioli were outstanding, meaty and served in a veal demi-glace. Terrific. The sauce was absolutely tasty. I ate the last drops of the sauce with a spoon. 
The shrimp and taro dumplings were better than most dumplings. They were firm, meaty and delicious. Came with a simple soy dipping sauce.
The creme brulee was very French and flavorful. 
There was nothing that I would complain about, especially the food.  JJ, the chef and owner, knows how to cook and is willing to go outside the box.
Some vegetarians have complained that there are not enough veggie dishes on the small menu. If you tell the servers, they will guide you to all the dishes that can be vegetarian and even suggest dishes not on the menu(fried rice). If you want very spicy, tell the servers.
For people living around 20th and Chestnut, be it Rittenhouse or Fitler Squares, take a short walk and enjoy a lunch or dinner. It is byob, so bring a wine or two.This place rocks! We ordered the lamb lollipops, French onion soup, pad thai, and drunken noodles. Everything was delicious and the staff was fast and friendly!Really good tasting food, and great service! An interesting twist on the traditional Thai cuisine given their fusion theme. Great for a date a night or with a small group. Would make another trip here for the Massaman Curry and the Shrimp Shu mai.Absolutely delicious. They were able to make a vegetarian pad thai without fish sauce that was great. My husband enjoyed the chicken pad thai. Also had the veg spring rolls and friend ice cream. With the great food, excellent service, and byob, this place is a home run!Boyfriend highly recommended this place, so of course we had to go. Bonus points for being a BYO, and the wine shop was just a few blocks away. I'm not usually impressed by Thai food, but this place was actually very good.
Duck ravioli 4/5. They're actually dumplings, which was a little disappointing because I was craving ravioli, but the filling was very tasty. A little light-handed on the truffle oil. Also you only get 3 so I don't think it was worth it.
Praram (crispy marinated pork loin) 5/5. At first I was a little skeptical of this dish because pork loin can easily be overcooked but this was delicious! Crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside, and the spicy peanut sauce was perfectly sweet and tangy.
Drunken noodles 5/5. One of my go-to's at any Thai place. The sauce was a little too sweet but they were generous with protein and veggies.
Service 5/5. The staff was so nice and attentive. 
There was a flaming dessert (fried ice cream?!) that unfortunately ran out by the time we finished our meal, so we will have to return again!Not only is the food at JJ Thai always amazing and my favorite Thai food in Philly, but the staff here are always the nicest, kindest, most considerate staff ever. After eating here a dozen or so times, I've never had an experience that wasn't perfect. I went in last night, and after forgetting my purse at our table, our waitress literally ran after us on the street to give it back to me!
The ambience of the restaurant is great for a quiet dinner or a small group byo. The food is always delicious, well portioned, and very well priced, whether you're getting a classic like pad see ew or green curry, or one of their meat entrees like the rack of lamb or duck.
If you want to leave happy, go to JJ Thai!PLEASE do yourself a favor and go here for dinner. As in, tonight. Don't waste a single day not knowing about this gem.  First, this is a completely different restaurant than the Thai place that was in this same location before recently.  Not just a new menu and spruced up decor, but completely different ownership and staff.  Second, this food is so amazing I have no hesitation in saying it is the best Thai restaurant in Philly right now (yes, even leaps and bounds better than that one I know you're all thinking about).  The food is not just delicious but the presentation is so nice.  And the menu is great because it has all of the Thai staples and is first and foremost an authentic Thai place, but then also has some other food that is more American (for example, roasted chicken or grilled salmon).  Which is good because you're going to want to keep going back to this place just about every day, which is probably more frequently than you can actually eat Pad Thai.  Third, the people are just so. darn. friendly. that I can't even take it.  I went there one night with two girl friends and asked to have my drunken noodles without lime leaf (I just personally don't love lime leaf).  Then, I went back a week or two later with my boyfriend and ordered something totally different - and the waiter actually remembered not only that I had been in there before with a different group, but also that I had asked for no lime leaf that time.  I didn't even mention it this second time, but she said with a friendly smile, to my total surprise, "Hmm, I don't think that dish has lime leaf, but I will check for you to be sure."  I kid you not, I would go back to this place if they served cardboard in the vague shape of food items for dinner, just because of the people.  But let me tell you - their food is amazing.  Finally, last but not least, this place is clearly run by a small team (if not family) of really dedicated staff.  They put their heart and soul into this place, and I am worried that people might not realize that this is zero percent related to the last restaurant that was in this spot.  Please help give them a chance to make a name for themselves. Why are you still reading? Go there now!Absolutely delicious and excellent service. They were able to make a vegetarian pad thai without fish sauce that was great. Also had the veg spring rolls and fried ice cream. Yum!Move over, Circles.
I have loved everything I've eaten thus far at JJ Thai. After two visits and and upcoming third, this under-the-radar spot in the hustle and bustle of Rittenhouse takes the cake for best Thai in Philly right now.
Pad thai is perfectly cooked and seasoned, and the pad see ew is nice and dark, just how I like it. Curry is flavorful and not too thin. The mussels are great to start, and dessert is simply too good to skip. Whether you get the mango and sticky rice, fried ice cream (it's served in flames!) or the affogatto, you will surely be pleased. 
You can always get a res (for now!) and they won't kick you out if you're lingering over your wine (it's BYOB). Prices are beyond reasonable and the decor is nice enough that it feels almost like an occasion spot. You should go.We went during lunchtime on a Saturday and we were seated immediately. The entrees came with a soup of the day or a green salad. I had the soup with the Pad Thai and I was not disappointed. It was savory and the lemon was a great kick. My recommendation would be to get it medium spicy, as the spiciness just lingers on your tongue without being too overwhelming. The service was great, servers were very friendly and quick. A great place if you want something right in between casual and fancy.So far, we've only got take out from JJ Thai. 
We've been highly satisfied with Green and Red Curry. 
This is our go-to Thai place. When I suggested an alternative to my spouse--I got THAT look.
Very reasonable prices for the quality. My spouse is sensitive to salt & JJ Thai successfully crafted her entree to cater to her needs.This is a great little BYOB. It's unassuming from the outside so we were skeptical for awhile since it seemed a bit pricey for Thai food and the menu was a bit confusing. It's less fusion and more Thai and French. However, we got over ourselves and are quite delighted we did!
The staff is excellent - nice, polite and prompt. We didn't know it was BYO so they waited while we dashed over to the state store for a bottle of wine and then chilled it for us. 
The decor is lovely once you are inside. One of the reasons we were skeptical was that it shares marketing space with a tarot card reader. Ignore that and go inside!
The food is tasty though I prefer their Thai food to their French food. The Tom Yum soup is an absolute must have! The broth is perfect and the ingredients fresh. Overall I would say things are spiced correctly - not too salty or heavy like many places - and the ingredients are fresh and appealing. Take wine or some beer and enjoy!Wonderful food and service. We travelled from NJ to come here after the chef and host moved to Philly. Mouthwatering dishes and reasonable prices.  BYOB as well!It's so awesome to have dinner in there. The service is so nice. I'll patronize this restaurant again :DWe found this place last minute on foot in search of something that was open on memorial weekend and we were completely satisfied.This is probably the tastiest/most refined Thai food I've ever eaten. My sister practically lives here and I completely understand why - their food is amazing. I ordered the crispy salmon and it was delicious. It was super crispy, tender inside, and a nice tangy sauce. It comes with a cup of soup, steamed rice, and sauteed spinach.
I'm so sad I'm just visiting otherwise I'd be here everyday. Their food is 10/10.I'm vegetarian and I wish they had more options. The place is really tiny and gets filled in quickly. I tried the green curry, the Thai iced tea and the hazelnut ice cream. The food was really good. I liked their dessert selection, they had tons of options.I've  been here many times since my previous review.  I have upgraded to 5 stars.  I have eaten almost everything on the menu and it is all great.  The people who work there are some on the nicest people on the planet.  I love giving them my business, they truly earn it.  Tonight the special soft shell crab with garlic sauce was the star of the show!  If they have it try it you are a soft shell fan, you won't be disappointed.This lovely little restaurant that plays great music loud enough to hear but not enough to stifle conversation was a true gem.  I was the first to arrive close to 6:30 and was able to watch a diverse neighborhood crowd slowly fill the place. My server guided me to chilean sea bass.  She was so right and the perfectly cooked fish was nestled on a bed of greens. Beautifully presented! Gratefully eaten. I ended my meal with the light creme brulee, again with a fibe presentation.  I will come again and tell others.Wow, JJ Thai Cusine makes a plate of drunken noodles worth dreaming about. The noodles themselves are so soft and fresh, and abnormally wide, like little blankets of comfort built to hold together the rest of the ingredients. Even though the beef was a little overcooked, the dish overall was so good that I still loved it.
While the drunken noodles were the clear star of the evening, I was also impressed by the decor and the other food we ordered was tasty as well (green papaya salad, green curry). As a final selling point, this place is BYOB! This is a great spot for a date or for a nice night out with friends.The place is new but the food is simply top-notch. Try their chef's specials, they are simply delicious with some delicacy and exquisiteness finished with a perfect touch of unique design for each dish. My recommendations are Roasted Chicken, Gang Pet Ped Yang duck and Australian Rack of Lamb. This restaurant will become your favorite, I guarantee!Thanks to other yelp reviews, we decided to check out JJ's. This place was AWESOME. The food was delicious and the service was wonderful. The restaurant was clean and comfortable. BYOB! Will definitely return here when visiting Philly.Great ambiance! Fast service and delicious food. Duck salad is amazing and so are the Drunken Noodles! Would definitely recommend. It's also BYO!!The food was extremely good, vegetables was fresh (not frozen like most of the restaurant ) and cooking perfectly.  The portion was little bet look small but test was amazing . Food was not too heavy or not too much spices .End of our meal the dessert fried ice cream was nicely coating and fried crispy.                                       And the best thing was service always amazing . Love the placeMy favorite Thai place in the area. It's a bit more expensive but well worth the boost in flavor. My go to is the red curry.JJ Thai is the best thai in Philadelphia.  The service is really friendly and always remembers my friends and I when we eat there!  The thai iced tea is amazing, and the soups are incredible.  My personal favorite is the carrot soup.  Not to mention the pad thai is perfectly cooked.
UPDATE: Massaman curry is fabulousFor everyone who misses Nan in west Philly there is now a French Thai restaurant in Philly. Give it a tryThe food is fantastic. The produce is so fresh & it feels a lot more healthy than most Thai spots. It's a clean mellow ambiance but I often do take out as well. I love the green curry, drunken noodles, & pad thai (its not greasy) In terms of apps I like the chicken sate and the spring rolls. The veggie dish is great for vegetarians. Great neighborhood spot.Perfect place for a more formal, romantic date. My friend ordered the green curry, while I chose the sauteed duck breast (medium-rare). The food was incredible - duck was cooked perfectly, and the potato au gratin that was paired with the main was tender and cheesy. Would love to come back so I can try their lunch specials!I was looking a lunch place and happened to walk by this place. It was empty inside but I decided to try it anyways because it looks nice and I like Thai. I got the Thai iced tea and drunken noodle. Their lunch specials came with salad or soup. And I must say the drunken noodle was so good! My friends got pad sieu and pad Thai and they were good. The people were also very nice and great service. I will definitely be back!We have been here twice and I would come here frequently if I lived closer. The staff is so friendly and attentive. They let you know if the sauces are spicy or not and make an amazing Thai Iced Tea. 
I've had the Drunken Noodles my wife has had the Grilled Chicken Som Tom a friend had the Duck Noodle Soup and another friend also had the Drunken Noodles. Every time we are there we leave stuffed the portions are perfect. Every meal we've had there has been delicious. 
If you are in the mood for Thai food and looking for a great place to stop I would HIGHLY recommend this restaurant.Great little Thai restaurant! Excellent food and very good service! I definitely go back!This is one of the best Thai food restaurants I've been to in Philadelphia. I had the pleasure of having Adam as a waiter, and he was beyond pleasant and very accommodating, as I'm a vegetarian. (I ordered the drunken noodles).
This lovely restaurant has been open for 7 months, and it has a classy and modern feel to it. I will definitely return when in the area again!Bog-standard Thai food and inflated prices.
The quality of food is no higher than your average Thai takeout but the prices certainly are.
Admittedly, most of our group ate classic Thai dishes like red/green curries and noodle dishes rather than their more distinctive dishes, but for these prices you'd expect more. Perhaps their original dishes are better value for money. If you're willing to splash out $29 on the rack of lamb - let me know how it is.
BYOB.First time here today. Service was great and the shrimp drunken noodle was delicious!My husband and I had a great time at JJ Thai. We ordered pad see ew and a pork/peanut sauce dish. Both were excellent. The portion sizes were good. The staff was very friendly and the atmosphere was nice. As a lover of Thai cuisine, I will definitely be returning.Had a great take-out meal from here this weekend. Particularly loved the Pad Thai, arguably the best in the neighborhood. Chicken had a good smokey taste and the sauce had the perfect tang. I called and asked for something specific that wasn't on the menu and they were very amenable to customizing my order. Food was ready to pick-up within 15 minutes. Pleasantly surprised by the inside decor - very upgraded from the last place. Clean, comfortable, nice music, and very friendly staff. Will certainly be trying more from here and dining in with BYO.Nice place and services. I had drunken noodle last time, the taste is ok, but the portion was petty good for their price. Love their mango and sticky rice dessert and Thai tea!Favorite Thai place in the area. The food is good and classic. I usually get the red curry, and the duck salad or something new. Worth a go!One of the good Thai places in Philadelphia. Very courteous people. Do accommodate all your reasonable adjustments to food prep. 
Lunch - Have been here twice, both times for lunch.Appetizers are definitely worth a try. Lettuce wrap and dumplings are a yes yes.
Not too spicy entrées and comes with really tasty salad. Drunken noodles are good but a bit oily, so you might wanna stick to other dishes.
Rice noodles with chicken were really good too.
Thai ice tea is alright too.
Overall - Definitely worth a try if you are in mood for Thai cuisine.I have eaten here about five times now and I can not get enough. This is definitely the best Thai food in philly and the staff are very courteous and attentive.It's only my second time eating here for lunch and I would have loved to have a local Thai place close to work, but i don't think JJ will be it. I got the drunken noodles that comes with a salad with a Thai peanut dressing. The salad was delicious on account of the fantastic dressing. The drunken noodle left much to be desired. The were four overcooked, not the freshest smelling shrimp. When I decided to focus my attention on the noodle, because there's so much flavor with the peppers and basil, I feel like there a stem to an herb in my mouth. It wasn't it turned out to be a piece of metal or tinsel. Who knows? You guys should pay closer attention. Foil and metal are very dangerous to consume.Came after being at a theater in the area. They opened at 5, and the waitress let us in a few minutes early. Since we were the first ones there, it was easy and quick to order, and the waiters had full attention on our water glasses. They don't just have thai food on the menu-- they have things for every palate, including meat options, veggies, fish and even escargot. I tried the escargot, which came with bread and a wonderfully flavorful pesto sauce, and the seared tuna salad, which was a mix up of many veggies, and came with mustard sauce and a soy salad sauce, not exactly sure what it was but it was good. The tuna was a small portion, but it went well with the mustard and the mixed salad, and the other sauce tied it all together! Definitely worth it.
My friend got the drunken noodles, which appeared to be a huge portion of chicken and noodles in a delicious sauce. He really enjoyed it as well. The restaurant was more upscale than I excepted, and we were really happy about the choice. Clean bathroom, friendly and quick staff, great experience!The food is good but not great and all the main dishes I've tried has been on the slightly sweet side.  The restaurant is a little loud due to the acoustics but the noise level is manageable.  They are great if you're a vegan (one of my friend who goes there is) since they can adjust quite a few entrees to make them vegan-friendly.Unforgettable customer service experience. No matter the reservation been made , if can't finish food eating in a hr and half then unable to service. The restaurant space so small, if have more then 9 people party is not recommend. Also, not recommend to friends and families.This place is reasonably priced, but it is a BYO. They aren't open on Mondays. I've been here maybe 3 times and haven't been disappointed yet. Their tofu and vegetable dish is delicious, and their pad Thai serving is quite healthy. I also got the grilled shrimp entree last night; I wish they served more vegetables with it to make it more filling. The service is always prompt because it's a small restaurant, and our water glasses are always filled in seconds!The first experience here with pad thai & pad see ew was so good that got me to come here second time. This time I got drunken noodles & mushroom soups. They were both really good. Definitely coming back for my thai fix.There's about 4 Thai restaurants within walking distance to my office.  Tried them all.  This one was best in my opinion and the largest and most flavorful drunken noodles which is my go to lunch meal when eating Thai.  Just wish they had Tom yum soup.  People that work here are nice.Great atmosphere; friendly and quick staff..!! Food came out pretty fast and tasted good. Although my green curry kind of tasted different? compared to other thai restaurants.This is my favorite Thai place in Philly.  The inside is really clean and has a nice ambiance with nice interior decor. Service is spectacular. I really love their drunken noodles.Good quality food and tastes amazing. Not your usual Thai food though. It's more of a fusion with French. I was surprised to see Filet Mignon on the menu. Ordered pad see ew which was so good and a short rib in curry sauce which was a shot in the dark but turned out great. The place was packed by 6 on a Sunday. We arrived early at 5:30 and were seated. We sat next to an awful family that were horrible to the staff and took up all the servers attention. Had to rush to finish our food to avoid the clientele.Cute Thai place. I like its nice ambiance. Seems like all the guests are enjoying their time dining here. The food is pretty good, although I think it's a little bit over priced.This is my favorite thai place in center city! Extremely fresh food. Have tried several things off the menu and the flavors and portions have always been on point. Highly recommend!Not Great - DOES NOT SERVE ANY ALCOHOL
- Arrived 45 min before close and they made it clear we needed to hurry 
- Last call for the kitchen is 30 min before close
- No alcohol, beer or wine but you can bring your own
- Pad Thai was very good
- Crispy duck salad was delicious
- Shrimp/mushroom soup wasn't very good
- Lamb lollipops were over cooked and tough. They refused to cook more for us. Told us we should've known to ask for temperature before they cooked them. Seemed very annoyed that we didn't want them.
- They do not have the traditional Thai Spice tray.Had lunch with a colleague and the food and service was very nice. The drunken noodle is definitely worth a try.Best Thai food in center city! And it's BYOB - what more could you ask for? Staff was friendly and attentive, literally didn't have to ask for a water refill at all they were just constantly filling it and the place was decently crowded. Awesome customer service and great recommendations for food. Definitely get the duck - it was delicious! And lettuce wraps were great as well, the sauce you'll want to pour all over the white rice that comes with your entree!To put it simply, JJ Thai is the best thai restaurant in Center City that I've been to. They give an upscale dining experience at an extremely reasonable price. They've got all the basics, like pad thai, which they do a great job at, as well as other more creative dishes that you might expect to find at a place worthy of taking your date or your parents. What's more, the food is very comforting - I could definitely eat here multiple days in a row, something I for sure can't say about other fancy places in the area, like Parc. Service is also wonderful - all the staff are very courteous and welcoming.Loved the green curry and drunken noodles and Thai ice tea! The seats are short in width so found it a little odd! But service and food are awesome! Will definitely be back here!Randomly stumbled upon this tasty little Thai place on a Saturday night.  Lucky we got there when we did (6ish). We got a table, and the couple that came in 2 minutes later were given an estimate of 7:30 based on all the reservations they had. Wife had a salmon dish that she said was good, not extraordinary.  I had the drunken noodles they were delicious.  FYI- this place is BYOB.The food was super yum, great service and nice atmosphere. It was the best decision to eat here.Drunken noodles and Green curry with shrimpThis is the best Thai restaurant in Philadelphia. 
I live a block away and probably eat here every 2 weeks: dine in and take out. 
This place blows me away every time. I'm a huge fan of Thai food and have tried virtually every one in the area. None come close in the following categories:
Ambiance - Nice and clean on the inside. Not too small, not too big. Adequate separation between tables allow you to enjoy meal without being on top of another table (rare for BYO restaurants)
BYO - No explanation needed. One thing to note is that they have high quality wine glasses. Rare for a good BYO restaurant. 
Service - The servers here are so friendly and helpful. It's a joy to eat here
Food Quality - Best for last: the food is fantastic. I usually opt for the Green Curry chicken or a specialty Salmon dish. I always start with the Chicken Satay with peanut sauce and finish with the creme brûlée (one of my the best creme brûlées I've had). 
Best of all is that cost is very reasonable. You have to try this place.