Great spot I've been coming here for years. Top 3 steaks in the city! Nothing has changed even after the name change. Try a chicken cheesesteak for something differentThere is not much to say about Joes or "Chinks" if your a long time local. It is a little more expensive than other local cheesesteaks, but you know what your paying for. The meat is much higher quality than most places. I have had plenty of Philly cheesesteaks. Genos, Pats, Tony Luke's, Jim's....... still prefer joes over any of those.So much hype the cheese steak was soso. The neighborhood is scary I saw two drug deals go down outside so don't come here at night. The establishment was cool strait out of the 1960's  felt like I was in a Rocky 1 movie. It's a cool place to people watch.Chink's is probably not the BEST cheese steak I've ever eaten (and I have eaten THOUSANDS) but it is certainly in the top five of all time. 
It is unique, somewhere between the Steve's (whole flat slice) and Jim's (chopped to death) presentation.  It works REALLY well, texture-wise.  Liscio's rolls were fresh and shiny, and the Wacky Wednesday deal of a large for six bucks was fortuitous. They usually have SOME kind of deal going though.. Meat was tasty and not gristly, the white American cheese melted like a dream (but short of the sauce that Steve's is.)  I got more meat than my son did, but both were acceptable portions.  Fried onions were 1/4 inch cubes, and caramelized beautifully.   Crinkle cut fries only get so good, but these were pipjng hot, and the Whiz that came on the side worked great on the sammy as well.  Lots of people on Yelp complained about the Whiz, but I could see it along with American as a great combo.Whiz is what Whiz is.
Possibly the REAL best thing here is the 1949 vibe.  This place is a time capsule, where only the prices have changed (and pretty minimally at that) over five decades.  Everything (including real fountain sodas) are made to order. Milkshakes (the half and half was very popular)  were killer.   Waitstaff is attentive and friendly as you are likely to find on the East Coast.  The accents tell you you;re not in Kansas, but the hospitality is sans atty-tude.  It really does transport you to another era,,
We got there 12:30 and were lucky to snag the last open booth.  Full of regulars, with good reason.  Parking is not easy, but there are plenty of side streets, keeping the walk down to an easy block or so.
It was well-worth the 20 minute ride from the Main Line to make this pilgrimage, and it certainly won't be a "one-and-done" experience.  I usually find some reason or other to venture up route 1 every month or so, and when I do, this will certainly be a set waypoint on my GPS.I'm sorry if you're offended and I can see your point, but damn this a good cheesesteak! 
My thoughts are all over the place with the little details I love about this place, so let me try to focus on the sandwich and go from there. The menu is pretty tight with how you can get your steak here. There is no whiz (thank god) and the Pizza steak, Steak Hoagie, etc...where not listed (although they do serve hoagies, so maybe if asked nicely you could get one if that's your thing). Next thing to know is that they don't disguise their meat by chopping it up into fine little bits. This is sliced baby, and it is good. The real stand outs for me were the most amazing roll and the fantastic sauteed onions. Both components are easily the best I've yet to have in my travels around the city and made for a delicious gooey mess by the end of the roll.
The place itself has a great vibe. It is tiny and I can imagine fills up during those prime times. Its 5 cozy booths with individual jukeboxes surround a little soda fountain! The place was staffed today with 4 (including the cook) twenty-something girls who rocked the place. They were having fun and totally added to the uniqueness of the place.
Steve's Prince of Steaks has been my favorite for a while, but Chink's has taken over thanks to the equally as good cheesesteak and the better than average atmosphere.Best Cheesesteak in Philly ! I tried a number of steak sandwiches and this place definitely has the best ! The cheese fries are amazing too ! Plus if you go on a Wednesday they have a special on large cheesesteaks !I went here when it was Chink's and the food was very good though the placed looked dated (something I actually like, though I know most don't.)
I have not been here deliberately since they changed the name to Joe's. I refuse to support those who buckle to political correctness.The best cheesesteak I've had in philly. There are a lot of things I love about this place. The 50's diner vibe, the ridiculous milkshakes and egg creams, the name, and of course the steaks. They are cooked to order, not an assembly line deal like Jim's or Pat's. This of course means they can give a lot more attention to the steak and it shows. The onions are perfectly caramelized, the flavorful steak chopped just enough, the roll is fresh and toasty, crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, and if you get american or provolone the cheese is actually melted properly and MIXED IN WITH THE MEAT; something that is crucial in my opinion if you are not going with wiz yet also something that is so often overlooked. The large steak is a full 12 inches I believe, and starts at just under 8 dollars which is already a great value. But Chinks has one more trick up their sleeve, their daily specials, which run from combo deals tuesday and thursday, to 6.50 large cheeseteaks all day on wednesdays, which is an incredible deal. Do yourselves the favor it is well worth the drive, especially considering it is a restaurant you can actually relax in, much different than the wait in long line get in n get out of certain OTHER "famous" places.The best cheese steak in Philly. Maybe the best cheese steak period. Anytime I even pass remotely by during a drive from Albany NY, I stop or make the detour to joes. Everything else there is also high quality. Clean inside and the service has always been good. If you want the best cheese steak, this is the only place you should go.First cheesesteak I've ever had, and though it was good it wasn't as amazing as I had anticipated. Nevertheless the place gets high points for the wonderful girls working there. They were all friendly!I had a cheesesteak on the gluten free bread and a strawberry milkshake.  The gluten free hoagie bread was really good texture.  Not crumbly like a lot of gluten free breads and it didn't break apart at the seam.  Also the shake was delicious and I loved the decor.  I would eat here again if I lived in Philadelphia.I've been a long time fan of Torresdale Avenue but love the vibe of the Girard scene.  But please someone,  anyone tell the cook in Fishtown location that the meat is supposed to be juicy and succulent. You're messing with a Philly instituion here. Sadly until I hear further I will have to go back Torresdale....not that that's bad it just out of the way.Awesomest!  ...best Cheesesteaks for sure;  this is worth a drive from New York to DC just to stop in here for a massively, beautiful work of Steak, Sauce 'n Cheese
The reason to take 95 rather than 295 ....  to enjoy Philly
highly recommendedToday March 21 is my Birthday and I saved today to make my first visit to Chinks
This is by far the best Cheesesteak Anywhere!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have one instruction for anyone reading this.... Go Here!!!!
seriously, this food is shockingly good! From the milkshake to the fries everything here is phemomenal....
My favorite birthday meal of all time!
I had to take a star from ishkabibbles and make it a 4 star
Chinks is the only 5 star steak place
5 star and triple monkey!Cozy little joint with those old school sodas and milkshakes. Cheesesteaks are great, and you have the option to order a regular sized cheesesteak, rather than something the size of your forearm (that is available, but it's not the standard). It's nice to be able to sit down inside at a cheesesteak place in the winter time. 
My friendly waitress talked me into an Apple Pie milkshake. It had a slice of pie blended into it. So epic. As good as my other favourites - Pat's and Tony Luke's, just different. Argue all you want about who's is better, I love the variety.I'll start by saying that over the years my friend and I have randomly taken off from North Jersey to Philly in search of a good authentic cheesesteak....and for many years we remained unsuccessful.....until Chink's.
Chinks is a small hole in the wall type place, but as many know these places can be the best cheat eats around.  The cheesesteaks, at a mere 6$ are GREAT.  The perfect greasy, cheesey and tasty fast cheap eat.  I have had many cheese steaks before but this is by far one of the better ones :)   Also, this place boasts an old time soda fountain that ranges from hand mixed flavored sodas to thick shakes and even really good egg creams, and all at good prices. Many places in my area and NYC also boast this sort of option however they make a big deal of it being "vintage" and specialty and they overprice but chinks is not like that...its not some trendy new soda fountain...its more of an oldskool authentic soda fountain experience, that combined with the cheese steak is well worth a trip back just to go to Chinks.   This place is now a must try on my small but growing personal lists of Philly venues. I can see why the locals view it as a classic Philly institution.  Thumbs up for chinks!Some local friends told us about this spot which is an alternative to the touristy cheesesteak spots around South St.  Found out they used to be called "Chink's" (can see why they had to change that.)  good food, good service, limited menu and like the fact that the interior didn't change too much.  Recommend if you happen to be in the area.The best cheesesteak i've had so far!!! Fantastic, fast and cheesy.  The staff were very friendly, we hit the area around 230pm on our way in from NY. We were staying in Philly and have heard a lot about this place.  Definitely recommend checking them out, the milkshakes are huge and filling.  Great value and service.Love the food best shakes and steaks around. This is their (chinks) Joe's original location. Don't forget to go to their new location off Girard Avenue.I've always been a fan of "chopped" cheesesteaks, and have never found a ribeye style steak that compared...until I had my first Chink's.  Oh man, this steak simply blew me away.  It was meticulously prepared for me to order, as I sat at the soda fountain counter with my black cherry soda.  Then when it came out, with a nice side of hot peppers, I was in marvel at the fine preparation.  When I saw the ribeye style, I was skeptical.  One bite and I was a believer.  Chubby's is my all time favorite, but darn it, Chink's immediately is up there in the top 3 cheesesteaks I've ever tasted.So visiting philly this should be in your agenda. 
I ordered the large cheesesteak. It was very good well cooked. Best part was the bread. Sometimes this can be forgotten about but joes did not forget the bread. One sad factor though is the mushrooms. I'm pretty sure they are canned and you can taste it. I think I will order without mushrooms next time but don't let this stop you. The cheesesteak is supreme and is worth the trip to north philly. 
Got a shamrock shake to top off the experience and well worth it. The shamrock shake was first class. 
The restaurant is a little small but fits the neighbor hood and thought the service was perfect. The ladies behind the counter took care of us.I loved the small diner feel however the cheesesteak was VERY BLAND. Thank God for the salt and pepper shakers at the table. Had the steak been seasoned I would have given the place at 4.5 (screen door was open and so there were flies)Chinks! The best cheesesteaks around. Can't even drive by without stopping because it smells soo good. I grew up with my parents taking me there and I'm still going there nowI seriously wake up at 7 AM thinking about these cheesesteaks-- Best cheesesteak I've ever had. Period. 
Choice of American, Wiz, or Provolone.
Great cheesefries, too. They are the crinkle fries with a side of wiz.
Steve's Prince of Steaks is second.Possibly the best cheesesteak in the whole city... Too bad about the name... A young Korean woman started a major protest about the name. The owner in response said, "It's not racist at all. In fact, it's named after my Grandfather who founded the place. They called him Chink.... cause of his Chinky eyes."You gotta at least try this place. After being a vegetarian for many years, I slowly added meat back in my diet. A friend who lives nearby says you have to try "Chinks". One bite and there was no turning back. I am convinced this is the best cheesesteak you'll find in Philly. Fries are just average; but they do make great egg - creams, shakes & fountain sodas.Wacky Wednesdays you can get a large cheesesteak for $6.50I drove a long distance to see if the cheese steaks were that good or just hype. The shop is in a mixture of businesses and homes so I had to park a block away. It was a nice day so no issue. 
When I stepped into Joe's it was a step back in time. That's a good thing. The old fashioned soda shop decor was awesome as was the waitresses. I went upstairs to the bathroom and I had a flashback. The wallpaper pattern was identical to the wallpaper in my dining room growing up in the 60's. 
The true test was the actual cheese steak. The roll was delicious not so much for the meat. Much more grisly than the S Philly steaks. Not a whole lot of taste. 
If you want to visit in a time warp then visit Joe's. Do not go for the steak.Disappointed. The meat was very greasy and not very flavorful. The onions were bland as well. The bread was good and probably the best part of the sandwich. There were 2 slices of provolone so it wasn't "cheesy" at all. 
The neighbor hood wasn't so great but I did expect that. 
Going to continue my quest for a great Philly Cheese Steak!Chinks (now known as Joe's) may be the best-kept secret in Northeast Philadelphia.
These are arguably some of the best cheesesteaks in the city. The meat is great quality and always cooked right with a perfect meat-to-cheese balance and the onions are cooked perfectly too. 
This is definitely a place where you want to eat in, as long as you aren't a large group. It has a great 40's diner vibe (because that's when they opened) and the servers are all really efficient and nice. 
Also, don't leave without getting a milkshake or ice cream soda. I always go for the cherry ice cream soda, and it never disappoints.
They have great specials too, including my favorite- $6.50 large cheesesteaks all day on Wednesdays.
The prices are really good and they do take credit cards.For  the better part of 20 years, I have been telling everyone who would listen that Ishkibibble's Eatery on South Street is the best cheesesteak I've ever had. I've been to other places I won't name here, but nothing came close to Ishkibble's.
A few months ago, I was told be a couple of friends to try out Chink's in the Northeast, and after been hounded repeatedly, I decided to give it a shot.
I knew when I walked into that place I was in for a treat, when I saw the texture of the meat and how it was cooked. Lo and behold, that steak was unlike anything I've EVER had. Incredible taste, and a nice size steak. For the price, it's a huge bargain. I walked out of that place feeling like I ripped THEM off!
I'll always love Ishkibble's, but I can no longer tell people they have my favorite cheesesteak. That crown now goes to Chinks!One of philly finest.  Well prepared steaks on the correct and flavorful rolls.  Prepare to wait about 45 minutes, but if you are familiar with Philly, this is not news.  Highly recommended, but definitely a place for carry out...very small establishment not met for dining in.Screw Pat's and Geno's! Joe's is the best by far! The fries are always crispy and I personally prefer larger chunks of meat in my cheesesteaks. The milkshakes are incredible also!Philly local and I was not impressed with the taste of this cheesesteak. It's underseasoned/bland, the bread is way too chewy.. Not a good chewy but the type you can still be chewing way after the meat is gone. They give you very little meat. Maybe this is a great cheese steak to the hipsters? My sister did enjoy her vegan cheesesteak but I will stick to Carmen's Cosmi's or Jim's... Sidebar:They do have good wiz sauce though.BANGIN'. This place has it all, especially if you're looking for something quick and easy. The food was fantastic, the girl who took our order was as sweet as can be, and the prices were great. It only made it better than they had a straight up pickle/pepper bar in the back!!Can't be beat; sandwiches are as good as any...anywhere...shakes are great and service is excellent, could use a wee bit more elbow room, but will happily give it up for the food !!Fantastic cheesesteaks in a quaint little shop. I usually drive a little out of the way when visiting my boyfriend's parents just to go here. Because its small, it can get a little packed at times. The milkshakes here are the best. I recommend trying their shake of the month, even though they might sound a little crazy at first, the flavors are never overwhelming, and they always manage to make it work. I've had the privilege of trying their cotton candy milkshake and their candy cane milkshake, both did not disappoint.Joe does an amazing steak. 
I ordered through UberEats. The ordering process was smooth, arrived on time, and surprising was still hot (5 miles away). 
My wife had a cheesesteak with fried onions and a vanilla milkshake. Plenty of tender ribeye, fresh Liscio's roll, and perfectly caramelized fried onions. I ordered the buffalo chicken fries and they were amazing. All of the elements complimented each other. 
Highly recommended!They have the best cheesesteaks I've ever had.  It makes me think back to when I thought Geno's had the best steaks.  Little did I know!  The most surprising thing is that the service rivals the quality of the product.  All the ladies are always very friendly and courteous.  Keep up the good work, Chinks!Great authentic Philly Cheesesteak.
Amazing shakes.
Really awesome choice when in North PhillyThis was the final meal on our trip.  It was pretty darn good.  A couple of things lacking but overall it was still awesome!  They have a Thursday special which is any large cheesesteak and a milkshake for $10.50.  I got a whiz with and a vanilla shake.
Cheesesteak-  They use really good meat here.  Its not all hacked up into pieces yet its not perfectly round slices of steak.  Kind of like a hybrid.  The meat was really good.  They load this thing up with a lot of onions too which I like.  The only thing I would change is the whiz.  It wasn't ooey and gooey...maybe it wasn't melted/heated enough???  Something was a little off with it.  The bread was good but a little too doughy.  Still a really good sandwich though.  If I ever go back, I'm going to order it with American cheese. (I read that American used to be the only way you could get a Chinks steak).
Milkshake-  Delicious!  Plain vanilla.  I believe they use Turkey Hill Ice Cream which is phenomenal.  Some of the best ice cream you can get!  You could taste the vanilla bean and it was blended perfectly so you could suck it through the straw without straining too hard.  A great milkshake!
Service-  The service was amazing!  The waitress was super friendly and very "easy on the eyes".  She got my buddy drink refills without asking and delivered us more napkins when she saw we had cheese running down our face...very attentive!
Out of 4 cheesesteaks on our trip, this would rank number 2 probably behind Steves Prince of Steaks.  I wouldn't recommend the whiz though.  Go with American and it would probably be a 5 star joint!  Total for 2 steaks, a Coke and a Milkshake was $22 and change.
3 stars for the food and an extra one for the service!Chink's still makes the best cheesesteak in Philly. And, since Philly is pretty much the only place you can get a great cheesesteak, that makes Chink's the best in the known universe. 
I'm fortunate to work in the neighborhood, so I'm a regular here. The food is always fabulous, and the girls who work there are friendly, beautiful, and always very attentive. 
Forget all the other cheesesteak places. If you want the best you have to go to northeast Philly and slide into a booth at Chink's Steaks.Wow..........Chinks Rocks...I live in Jersey and love the diner atmosphere...The steaks were to die for and the staff could not of been friendlier..I grew up in Parkwood in the  in the 60's and have never been here until today...News Alert.. I will be a regular from here on in...Keep up the good work and I miss the Northeast...Bonus the girls are eye candy as well...The steaks are good, albeit a little small, but it makes it easier to pair it with a malted which makes it all incredible. As a plus you get table service and a friendly and relaxed atmosphere which is quite different from most steak joints.I have lived in Philly most of my life and have always gone to Pat's, Geno's, Tony Luke's, and Jim's which has been my favorite. I just recently went to Joe's for the first time and I was blown away by the cheese steaks -- the rolls make all the difference -- fries and milkshakes. The staff was so nice and even took time to chat with us. Sorry, Jim's. Joe's may very well now be my favorite.When I venture into the city its usually in the south Philadelphia area. So for the longest time, my favorite cheesesteak joint was Philip's. A good friend of mine insisted that Joe's had the best. So we hit up the north Philadelphia region to check it out. Yeah, my new favorite cheesesteak spot!
I loved everything about this place. Let's list off a few of the things I loved:
1. The cheesesteak! It was perfect! Finally a place that puts a sufficient amount of cheez whiz! I loved that it's served on a piece of paper too. 
2. Cheese fries...crispy and perfect! 
3. They have milkshakes. Though I didn't get one, they looked amazing!
4. The place itself! Local joint with tons of character!
 I can't wait to go back!Drove down from Fox Chase last weekend and was well worth the drive.  The cheese steaks were big and very tasteful. The chocolate shakes fantastic and thick. Very nice inside like out of the past old booths and very clean. Went back the following weekend just to get shakes to take home. They got me hooked and happyForget about Ginos and any other philly cheese steak spots you hear about - this is the best philly cheese steak hoagie in Philly! Whenever I'm in Philly - this is my first stop. Compliment that sandwich w one of thier famous thick shakes....omg this place is so good. Come hungry and leave happy! The old school soda shop ambiance is so cool. Original juke box on each table. Great good and great vibe! Must try!At first I was offended by the name of the place, but I had to go after all the rave reviews. After I found out that it's not a derogatory name, but rather a tribute to the original owner, I calmed down and throughly enjoyed what is quickly vying for the best cheesesteak I've had in Philly. The meat is what does it. It's cut and cooked to perfection and plump full of flavor. Apparently the milkshakes are good too, and ginormous. Perhaps if I find someone to share it with next time, I'll update my review.
One star down for being difficult to get to. Nothing's really around the area. You just go there for the steakwhich... and believe me it's worth it.We went to Philadelphia from NY to just get the Philly cheese steak. After research we decided we will go to Joe's. Small place plenty people, oldish look, very busy. Every table has old coin music player but it is just for the show. They will cook your sandwich after they take your order. Fresh meat and they are cooking in front of you, so delicious. OHH you can't say Philly cheese steak when you are in the Philadelphia, it is only cheese steak.Best cheese steak in all of Philly, probably the world. Be sure to order extras to go, they hold up incredibly well in the refrigerator and for some reason heat up really well in the microwave without getting weird.Being from out of town and trying other cheesesteaks in Philly, I made my way out to Chink's:
I got a strawberry shake that people raved about, it was thick but I was surprised it wasn't that sweet. I waited a good 10min for my cheesesteak w/onions and american cuz the guy that ordered before me ordered like 10 to go, but I must say it was definitely worth the wait! The way I watch them cook the steaks was like watching bulgogi getting cooked on a korean bbq (minus the beef getting marinated) and when I tasted it had that same texture! and what impressed me as well was they left the bread sitting on the grill which provided the crispyness from the bread which brings a great combination with the meat. I ate the other half the next day and it still tasted amazing! This place definitely stands out of the rest and I will come back again and order many more!My mom asked five or six people in the family who makes the best steaks and they all said Chinks :)
Pretty good cheesesteak and I didnt think it was drippy or greasy - perfect! Thick shakes made with ice cream - yum. Very busy place. It's in a busy neighborhood. Parking is really not that bad. At most, you walk a couple blocks. The people who worked there weren't friendly but they weren't rude. They serve the food on paper so that is eco-friendly :) Small mom-and-pop place where they cook your steak next to the window for all to see. Old diner feel where you can sit at the tabletop bar. The sign on the wall advertising the food even looks1950s-ish. They have jukeboxes on every table but it looks like they dont let them play anymore.Nobody can hold a candle to Chink's.  Super friendly staff to go along with the best cheesesteak you will ever eat in your life.  If I decided to become fat, I'd eat a steak here at least five times a week.No Geno's or Pat's.. If u want a real Philly cheesesteak one of the best spots is Chink's! I only wished they cooked fries there too :(If you happen to be visiting Philadelphia and craving a true Philly Cheesesteak,  visit Joe's.  I highly recommend the cheesesteak with hot sausage that's not on the menu.Great steaks, but the shakes are average. They definitely take their time with your order. The steak is not paper thin and crumbled like most places in Philly, and the bread is a bit thick.Number one cheesesteaks in Philly. I've brought people from all over the city to my once called Chinks. My father grew up in the neighborhood hanging out there then I grew up there then my son went to school around the corner. The smell is fantastic. Everything is good,eating in is better because it gives u the experience.My family and I made it to Joe's Steaks (formerly Chink's) today for the first time ever.  After hearing about the great Chink's Steaks for so many years, I have to say I was NOT disappointed!  I ordered a cheese steak, American cheese, with fried onions.  It was DEE-LISH!!!  Truly.  And I just stuck with my regular Coca-cola, but my husband got a cherry soda, which I sampled.  It was so yummy.  Next time I go back I'll be trying the cherry soda with my cheese steak!We visited here on 8/1/14. This place is a JOINT! Old wooden booths, stools at the counter and a tin ceiling. I was impressed. Waitress was friendly and did a great job! Steak sandwich was awesome! I recommend this place!Great Neighborhood Cheese steak spot!!! Everyone I have brought here loves these cheese steaks and the Milkshakes. They have the best steaks in the city and on Wednesday there steaks are only six dollars. You see all the cops, city worker, and Peco workers coming in there so you know its good. I have a steak at least once a month.Chink's is small and maybe a bit out of the way, but the food is freshly made and the service is friendly. They have good cheesesteaks, good fries, and good drinks (including a variety of ice-cream sodas and flavored cokes). Go during off hours if you want to get a booth.Awesome place and good food. Had the cheesesteaks with mushroom cheese whiz (first time having cheese whiz) and the fries with old bay seasoning. It was awesome. The staff was on point and the place was comfortable. Barely got a sit even on a Sunday. Good place to eat in Philly.A visit to Chink's and the surrounding neighborhood gives you the feeling of visiting the Philadelphia of several decades ago (I imagine).  The restaurant has an authentic 1950's feel (I imagine), probably partly because it has been around since the late 40's.  
Chinks has a very small menu, offering cheesesteaks, burgers and sausages, and drinks including milkshakes, egg creams and chocolate and vanilla sodas. Ice cream is also available.  The staff is almost entirely cute, friendly 20 year old girls.  
The cheesesteak I had was very good, although I don't find cheesesteaks from different shops all that different from one another. The biggest difference here is that the meat is sliced rather than chopped.
Overall, I wouldn't normally go out of my way to go to Chick's, but I will be taking visitors here to give them that authentic Philly experience.Absolutely amazing cheesesteak, atmosphere and milkshakes. If you are a cheesesteak lover, don't miss thisOne lovely Saturday morning a large group of friends and I decided to start the day out with a round at Juniata, a la beer-a-hole. Things went smoothly but slowly, however, after 18, I still had plenty of time to make the reception of the wedding ceremony I had missed around hole 15 (don't frown at me, I was a friend's fourth string plus one). All was still well as the twelve of us began loading up the car caravan, when suddenly we heard a low rumbling. Much like a yawn, that belly talk spread through our crew like wildfire, and within seconds every one of us was jockeying to name drop the most slammin' local eateries we knew. 
After many strong guarantees from a day walker I know, Chinks won out (who listens to those stricken with gingervitis, you ask? apparently this guy). 
Cruised into the old school looking shop and started dropping orders: whiz with, provolone and extra hots, American with saltpepperketchupandhotsauce.... the combos went on like that for a minute. Started chowing down on mine as soon as it came and immediately loved it, so much so that the girl constantly calling to check my ETA didn't take a drop of the enjoyment away for me. Steaks aren't chopped (not my usual style), they come on a fairly good roll, and with a healthy slathering-o-cheese. That meaty meal was so satisfying that 75% of us decided to go in for round two... so good that I had to cover the receiver as I again fibbed about being minutes from home just so I could re-up. Yeah, I know, how rude of me, but you don't know all the facts; there was a strip club directly across the street for the other four fellows to go wait out our extended meal, so everyone was happy. 
Never did make the wedding, but at least I learned about another solid NE cheesesteak (she forgave me eventually).Full disclosure, I am in fact a publicist and am lucky enough to call Joe's Steaks + Soda Shop a client.
Not only is the quality of the meat superior and always perfectly cooked at Joe's- the sandwich is significantly less greasy than the competition. The best part? How they lightly toast the bread on the grill. And don't get me started on those delicious milkshakes......
Owner, Joe Groh is also the nicest man I have ever met. He truly cares about his product, staff and customers.
The name change was not an easy decision for him and it was done under careful consideration for the longevity of his business, family, staff, and a large portion of the population who are in fact ostracized by the name, 'Chink.' The fact that people still do not understand why operating under this name in 1949 is different than 2014 is flabbergasting. And they are probably Redskins fans.
I have witnessed first hand the verbal abuse, vandalism, and other abhorrent behavior that Joe has had to put up with over the last year and it breaks my heart. I do not know another small business owner who deserves to prosper more than this man.
I look forward to supporting Joe in his decision to change the name by eating a whole bunch of his delicious cheesesteaks - and cannot wait for his second location in Fishtown to open!
#ISupportJoeGrohComing from South Philadelphia and all is was kind of disappointing to find that THE best cheesesteak actually comes from the Northeast.
I was introduced to Chinks by my husband, a native of the other end of the city, and immediately fell in love with both the food and the environment. It reminds me of a Woolworth's-style luncheonette, fountain drink dispenser, stools,  malts and all. I don't think anywhere near me could match the malts and shakes, which are always perfect and the sandwiches are so good that it makes this little one want seconds. 
I like how the staff is a mix of family and local kids. It's how a neighborhood business should be: run by the neighborhood. They were also supposed to open another shop down by the piers but I'm hearing someone gave them a hard time because of their name...ain't America sweet.This would not be my first time coming to this establishment. I like the place but the service can be a little lite. The cheese steaks are really tender and juicy but in my opinion, could be more favored. The milkshakes are fantastic and there is variety. I would prefer "Max's cheese steaks" as my first choice,when it comes to steaks in Philadelphia! The service here at joe's need some work as I stated before. Mainly the speed and customer service aspect. For example, I asked for an glass of LEMON water and I received NO LEMON and I asked for more napkins and did not receive any until I was damn near done my meal. In conclusion, if your just looking for an quick meal for lunch or to hold you over during a road trip through philly then this place is for you.I actually never realized this place was there until a couple years back when there was that hoopla about its name being racist towards Chinese folks. My parents lived near Chink's and we thought it was hilarious (we're Chinese) and so we decided to show our support by getting some steaks there. Oh man it was awesome. The steaks were great (the best we had up 'til that point since my parents only recently moved to Philly) and the folks were real nice. So totally worth it!
THREE YEARS LATER: My dad still loves the place and goes there for lunch whenever he's in the area for work. Good job, people who campaigned against the name: you won Chink's a long term Chinese customer.My favorite cheesesteak! I've been going here since I was a kid definitely a must try. I recommend American with and a black & white milkshake.Joes is one of those places you don't just go for the food, but for the experience!
This location for Joes (They have one second location) is the local legend. They still have the same old seats, soda fountain bar, and in booth juke boxes (now for display only). They have all their old photos and awards on the walls, and have managed to keep that mom & pop feel simultaneously as a now hole-in-the-wall-feel. They have since updated to a TV on the wall, and sell t-shirts and hoodies with their logo proudly across the chest.
Around the neighborhood, everyone LOVES Joes. I've been living in the area for a few years now, and its novelty never seems to where off! They are famous for their Cheesesteaks & Shakes, but my absolute favorite are the buffalo chicken fries! This time of year, their Apple Pie Shake is to die for!
I would suggest this place to tourists, and those who are looking for a reasonably priced novelty experience. If the booths are too small here, or you don't like crowded spaces, I'd suggest checking out their new location in fishtown.Chink's makes the best of what Philadelphia is known for... Cheesesteaks. You here all about Pat's and Geno's but this little sandwich shop is the the underdog that wins in the end just like Rocky! No flashy neon here, just simple good food. 
Lets start with what's best their cheesesteaks, made to order so they're not sitting on a greasy flattop waiting for you to buy one. A fresh roll starts it off, then your cheese I prefer the whiz. And of course gotta go "wit" (fried onions) nothing better on a cheesesteak.
Next you always get some fries and no shock here they amazing. They are crisp no soggy fries at this joint.
Not only is this place a great sandwich place it's an old fashion soda fountain. They make hand made soda you want a vanilla cherry cola no problem, they take cola and add the vanilla and cherry syrup. Want an orange soda it's made to order. 
Their extra thick milkshakes take you back to the 1950's hand dipped and spun. And when I say thick, they are thick they put all other milkshakes to shame.
 Finally you gotta sit at the counter when you're there. You sit right in front of the soda fountain and its a nice time to get away from the rat race. Where else can you get a great quality cheesesteak and feel like you traveled back in time? Chink's Steaks that's where!4.5 Stars. Love Joes, for tourists wondering- this in my personal opinion is way better than Genos or Pats. I always get the chicken cheese steak and cheese fries. I can never finish because they are pretty big. I've also had the regular cheesesteak but I wasn't really a fan and preferred the chicken. I prefer the Torresdale location over the Girard location, although if you're hanging out in the Northern Lib area after a bar night, it's a great spot to grab a bite.If you want a great cheesesteak and Authentic milk shake, you'll LOVE Chink's!A bunch of my friends and my wife & I were in town from NY for a conference in North Philly. They wanted to have a cheese steak. While others in the group wanted to take the trek down to South Philly to Pat's & Geno's, I suggested Chink's since it wasn't too far from where we were staying (and I had been to both Pat's & Chink's). We split up and I went with another couple to Chink's.
Another reason is because it was a little chilly outside and where  Pat's & Geno's only have outside sidewalk tables, Chink's has indoor seating.
It is a small throwback eatery with several booths and a counter. The flattop grill is in the front window which you can watch them cook from the street.
Their steaks come sliced and they offer two sizes which is good if you can't eat a lot and don't want to spend a lot.
The steak and rolls were delicious. We ordered a Shamrock shake and learned what "Jimmie's" are.
If you want the hype then go to the other places. If you want to sit down and have a tasty steak that can hang with the best of them, some friendly characters and nostalgia then come here.
My choice for cheesesteaks anywhere north of the city.Drove from NYC in search of best cheesesteak. It was Memorial Day, so this one was the one location open from our list. The restaurant is cute, old and cozy. Service is great and staff is attentive. Now, the food: the shake was delicious and the fries were fresh and plentiful. We ordered a large one and shared it. It was enough. The sandwich itself ...hmm..mixed feelings. We each ordered small classic cheesesteak with provolone. The steak itself had no flavor. While the sandwich was fresh and a good size, we had to add some of the cheese we received with our fries, and peppers so we can get a decent sandwich. Overall, seems like wiz cheese cause is a better option as it adds the flavor that the steak desperately needs. Wouldn't make the drive again.Tried about a half dozen places in Philly.  Yuck!  The cheesesteak at Joe's is sliced and cooked perfectly.  It's tender and juicy. The onions are grilled to perfectiion.  My husband and I split a large with extra meat, half provolone and half Whiz.BEST damned cheesesteak we've EVER eaten!!!  The staff is friendly and awesome.  JUST GO HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!One of the three best cheese steaks in Phila and far closer to me than the others.Great steak shop! I'm holding off on a five star review because I thought the steak was too salty for my tastes but generally, my meal was very good. I got the lunch special of fries, milkshake and a cheesesteak. It was everything you want- no frills and grease.
I also really enjoyed the ambiance very much. It's a small vintage sandwich shop which was exactly what I wanted. I will certainly be back but maybe just ask for a steak that hasn't been salted yet.Some of my coworkers and I were in town for training and the president of our company had mentioned this place to try. Never in a million years would I have found this place by myself, so I was happy we were in a group. Very small, cozy feel to it and when I saw the sign for milkshakes, I was in heaven! I ordered the chicken philly with onions and the fries with a side of cheese. Oh, and a chocolate milkshake with real banana in it. Yep, happiest girl ever. The employees were so friendly and I'm sure they knew we were out of our element, but man, what a great place! I would make it a point to find it again.This is the best place ever. This is the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia. The candy corn milkshake is to die for. I bring everyone who comes in town to visit to eat there.Haven't had many cheesesteaks in my life but this one makes me wanna have more! It was a mandatory experience during our 1 day visit and this place was a delicious experience. The meat is not ground but consists of thinly sliced strips, which makes it even better. Yum! The staff was friendly and provided prompt service. The bathrooms were kind of dirty but at least they have one.I'd been eyeing this place on my commute for almost a year. They really spruced it up and made that corner look a lot cheerier and I like that they seemed to keep some of the "charm/kitch" of the previous diner's style. I guess I wanted to be blown away by the food and the experience and it was perfectly lovely, but probably not crave-able. I will return next time I don't want to drag my tourist visitors to Pat's.
Thumbs up for:
-The service. Our waitress was pleasant and attentive.
-PICKLE BAR!!
-Milkshake (a few options, including a seasonal flavor) was pretty dang good, as were the cheese fries -- perfectly crinkle cut.
Thumbs down for:
-The hot sausage sandwich with whiz. I don't know what I was expecting, but the sausage was flat, like a flat patty and overly whizzed. This is a hard feat, as I love cheese and lots of it, but this was just too much.
-Seemed slightly over priced for something that I usually buy out of a truck on most corners of the city.This place sucks an ass. Half of the staff just sits around while you wait 30 minutes for a cheesesteak. Go anywhere else. Seriously, don't waste your time. Go hungry. It's not worth it.This is the best cheesesteak in the city hands down.  And it has been for a long time.  Even before it was called joes.  Everything is on point about this place you can't go wrong.Cool spot on the corner of Frankford Avenue if you want a good cheesesteak fix. I went there with two other people snd were greeted with a nice welcome. It wss also awesome wr can sit down with iur beers from the Fishtown Fest outside. Our waitress was nice and willing to answer any questions we had about the menu.
The steaks are a bit pricey, and can reach close to double digits. I got a chicken cheesesteak and split buffalo chicken fries with my girlfriend. The sandwich was great since it was actual chicken breasts snd not that thin slab of chicken. Also I loved the buffalo chicken fries! You can also get some fixins at the pickle/pepper bar. I enjoyed my experience and hope to return.Let's put it this way they had a vegan option . It was decent , but when i think cheese steak,  i think greasy goodness , which this lacked. It is a hipster version of cheese steak. Serivce great, decor retro .... amazing pickles!!!!Had you previously asked me where's the best place to grab a cheesesteak my answer would have been another philly staple UNTIL I tried Joe's.. their cheesesteaks are great! Just the right amount of cheese to onions to wiz ratio.. you can't go wrong here! No wonder they say they perfected the philly steak!! A++The food was hot and made fast. The server Bree was great. She make sure to check in on us and refill our drinks. The atmosphere is good and the music a good too. This was a last min decision and turned out to be a good one. I would highly recommend this place. We will definitely be returning . Thanks to the staffGreat meal.  Server was super friendly and attentive ... and she was working the thankless New Year's Eve shift.  Had the cheesesteak with fries.   Wanted to order the Christmas Cookie shake but would probably have had a heart attack on the spot.  The next table over had one and were raving about it.So far my favourite cheesesteak place in Philly. Order the classic cheesesteak with whiz(!) and onions! The pickles bar also has a great selection. Get the old bay fries too. All in all great food especially for late nights. Place is clean and location perfect for post-drinks food!Amazing steaks but writing because fries are absurdly disappointing. Only thing bad about this. Needs to be fixed.Good sandwich, a little bit more than I wanted to pay but was in a crunch.  They don't include condiments in your bag when ordering to pickup, so make sure that you ask for them when you get\pay for your order.  The roll is supposed to 10 inches, I'm thinking 8.  The fries were ok too.  For a fountain soda, cheesesteak (nothing fancy), and fries, $16 and some change. Again, I'm thinking $12-$13.We already can't wait to go back! 
I am an avid Yelper and was unsure of the mixture of positive and negative comments about Joe's. However, we were in town to see a show at the Foundry and it was the best option for Cheesesteaks. It's a pretty small place but cute with plenty of space whether you are there to eat or place an order to go. Either way the service is extraordinarily fast. We were also addressed almost as soon as we walked in and that's a plus. 
I had the chicken cheese steak with American and the boyfriend had a cheesesteak with whiz. They were both amazing! We honestly considered going back after the concert for more. Two sizes of sandwiches offered at a great price as well as fries, hot dogs, hamburgers, soda and shakes. At the back they have a pickle bar you can visit while waiting for food and to dress up your sandwich. Seriously underrated. We loved it. Service wasn't very talkative but was friendly and fast.My favorite cheese steak in Philly! They use quality products and never disappoint. The cheese fries are also a must, if you are a cheese wiz fan theirs is  as good as it gets. They have a variety of milkshakes including a rotating special that is always good. The pickle/pepper bar in the back is a great added bonus. The service is always fast and friendly.Got the wizard cheesesteak w onions, one of the  best I've had.  Shakes are amazing and the staff is very friendly too.Perfect place for my cheesesteak needs! Love the environment, cute diner vibe, the staff always greets me right away and is friendly. I read other reviews saying it took forever, I've had opposite experience I've gone 3 times since opening and it's always quick! Tasty cheesesteaks, love the fries, perfect milkshakes. The only thing I would say is this is not a place if you're in the mood for a greasy sloppy cheesesteak (it's a philly thing). These cheesesteaks are organized, delicious and more traditional sandwiches. Will continue to do business with joes.This location is nowhere near as good as the original location on Torresdale Ave. The quality of the food might be almost as good at best but the service is a joke. I once waited in a line out the door for 20 minutes until suddenly an employee decided to reroute the whole line and started taking orders from the people at the back and moving in reverse order. I was not the only person miffed by this. Another time I had an employee reprimand me for "not listening" to my order. The restaurant was crowded and loud at that time and he could have simply handed me the sandwich without issue instead of taking his frustration out on me. I know the atmosphere of Fishtown is different from Northeast but this is not a tightly run ship and they could learn a thing or two from their colleagues at the original Joe's.I don't see what all the rage is about. Our waitress got my boyfriends order wrong and he said 3 times no onions on his chicken cheese steak. I ordered a regular steak with onions. He got a soda and I got a water. I know that sounds really hard to remember. The girl that wasn't our waitress looked super busy and was always smiling while the cooks looked pissed off. It wasn't packed or anything.  I've had better steaks from street vendors. Honestly. Besides their fries. I didn't enjoy it at all and I'm a pregnant lady, I'm always hungry. Save your money and go to a local pizzeria for a steak. ImoSolid. I can't speak for the cheesesteaks since I no longer eat beef, but my friend seemed to love his -- he enjoyed it more than other cheesesteaks he's had in Philly ( I can't remember if I took him to Steve's or what last time, possibly ishkabibbles )
My chicken cheesesteak was so good -- fresh cut pieces of chicken, fresh bread roll, good old cheese whiz, no complaints. I'd definitely get another here. 
I also got a root beer float which was delicious. Overall, a solid lunchThis place is right up the street from my house. Went in on a night with my Roomate that was relatively busy but not busy enough to wait 50 mins for a wiz with... The place is pretty cool, the server was very friendly and the steak was very good, especially the roll. I highly recommend this place but only for take out until they figure out how to function more efficiently.Googled best cheesesteak in Philly and came across this spot. Def would not have found it while doing the tourist things in downtown, but I wanted a place the locals go to, not a tourist spot. Hands down best cheesesteak of my life. Good fries and milkshakes too. We went on a Sunday afternoon around 2 and was able to get 2 tables for 5 of us (tables are small) and found a street parking spot right out front. Staff was friendly. Place decorated old school. It's clean and priced right. Food is amazing. I would eat there any time I'm back.Had to order a cheesesteak with provolone because they were out cheez whiz. But the sub was decent. I particularly like the bread that it comes with. They charge extra for lettuce and tomato but not for fried onions. I thought that was different. But they have a condiment station which has an assortment of other condiments. The staff was friendly and the sub came out pretty quickly.This is a definite place to stop on your way to the Island! Great everything, prices good, staff friendly!Darn good steaks cooked to order. Juicy, tender and great bread. Service was attentive and just right. We will be back.Food was delicious! Cheeseburger and chicken cheese steak were so good !!! The workers were very pleasant. Definitely will go back.Joe's is always a solid choice for cheesesteak. I've tried the beef and chicken cheesesteaks and both meats are perfectly cooked and juicy. ALWAYS GET THAT WHIZ WIT!!! These sandwiches are HUGE and packed! You can add pickles and peppers to your meal from a self-serve bar in the back! For philly cheesesteak prices, I would say this is more on the pricier side, but I prefer Joe's over Pat's or Geno's..quality is just better.
Lemme tell you about the milkshakes and floats.. they are a MUST! Forget about the calories and try one! They are HUGE! My go-to is the black and white. If you want to go slightly lighter, go for the soda floats. My personal fave is the orange soda with vanilla. 
Also, they have pretty decent cheese fries..and who doesn't love cheese fries?I use to love the original up Frankford Ave under the name no longer spoken. Steaks are still good, but wildly over priced. The new shop lacks the charm of the comfy confines. It's a tourist place to me, like going to 9th street.Listen, I live walking distance from Pat's and Geno's but I will gladly drive up to Joe's for a steak because it's SO MUCH better. So listen up visitors of our fine city, Joe's is a great place to go when you're in town.
Servers are always kind and and the food is made quick. Try a steak wit and cherry soda. A great pairing if you've never tried it.
Little hint - these sandwiches are pretty big so you're kids can share. :)Second best cheesesteak in Philadelphia. Systems are the only problem here, the sodas are incredible and so is the roll. Perfect mix of meat and cheese and great meat. Only place I would take a steak over this is john's but this place is a hundred times cleaner and in a much better location.
Overall I would recommend it you want an awesome Philly cheesesteak.Excellent cheesesteaks. Phenomenal. But why call it joes steaks and soda shop if all they have is a soda machine with coke products? I suggest craft sodas in a case next to the door. The theme would then be complete. Still 5 stars though.Leslie always gives the best customer service, and greets me with the biggest smile! This place is my weekly go-to. The food is great and the hours are convenient!
An important note: The nightshift cook is THE BEST! There's definitely a difference in the way the day shift cooks their cheesesteaks as opposed to the guy on nightshift. I can't explain it, but his are sooooooo much better that I make it a point to go after 4. 
Seriously, you'll thank me. :)I give it 2 stars solely for the cheesesteak. Their steaks are good, but that's about all you'll get here. I ordered a side of fries for $5 and literally got a bowl of frozen store bought crinkle fries (not even salted or anything). Ridiculous when you can get hand cut, better fries from a food cart for less. Other than that, the atmosphere is pretty sterile and soulless. All the staff is professionally trained (come from Applebee's, Friday's, etc) so if you wanna feel like you're in a chain restaurant, this is the place for you. It's actually a shame considering it's in the main drag of fish town, which it known for its unique culture and awesome food. 
Overall, mediocre and overpriced food with no enticing reason to sit inside. Plus no beer :(. Hit up a food cart insteadCheesesteak with provolone, onions, and a ton of toppings from the pickle bar was fantastic.  Milkshake was great and thick, and the service was friendly and fast.  For me, the bread is the key to a great steak, and this bread is perfect.  It's chewy, buttery and there's no soggy bread with this steak....critical.  Instead of trying to order a bunch of add-ons, they let you pile it on a la carte at the pickle bar, which scores extra points with me.  I'm not a philly native, and I like to bastardize my steak with pickles peppers and all sorts of other garbage...not ashamed.  
With the Fillmore nearby and all the great stops on Frankford Ave, this place is the perfect late-night stop when you need a cheesesteak and a milkshake to compete the night!The food was delicious and the portion size was awesome. My waitress was helpful and friendly. If you're in Fishtown area and looking for a place to relax and grab a great cheesesteak, fries and shake, this is the place to go. The price was right up my alley and the TV helped me keep up on sports.Amazing location, friendly staff, and delicious food! My cheesesteak had the ideal ratio of fresh bread, perfectly seasoned steak, gooey cheese, and caramelized onions. I'm not in Philly often but will make Joe's a priority when I visit again. Worth every calorie.Always good to stop by and grad quick cheesesteak, fries are good and not oily at all! The pickle station is awesome! Just nice casual spot for everyone!Good spot. Nice, but not mindblowing whiz wit'. Lots of condiment options (included pickled veggies). I'll revisit. Reasonable prices, good service. But still a few pet peeves: why not have unlimited refills on soda? Also, the frozen fries came out warm, and then rapidly dwindled to cold, unfortunately.Their cheesesteak with whiz cheese, sauted onions, and mayo was mindblowingly good. I even got a chicken cheesesteak and a chocolate pretzel milkshake to-go cause I had to try more. Service was great.. good location with lots of bars nearby.Been here 26 minutes, and haven't seen my chicken hit the grille. Small shop needs to take a page out of the chipotle handbook!
40 minutes no sandwich, FAIL. Too bad I was hopeful for the new addition to the neighborhood. Recommendation:  get something healthy at the Palm tree market across the street!Me and my boyfriend (who was born and raised in Philly) have just tried Joe's for the first time and we both agreed BEST CHEESESTEAK IN PHILLY!!!So wack. You could get a better cheese steak almost anywhere. I think i could make a better one with steak-ums. No exaggeration. Service was also not good. Rolls were not good. I cant wrap my mind around all these 5 star ratings. Makes me suspicious. There is just no way.The best cheese steak in Philly.  Bold statement, I know.Loooooove this place.  The owner, Joe Groh, is a class act, and cares deeply about providing the good people of Philly with timeless, high quality, delicious, cheap, comfort food.  Ugh!!  I love/hate that I live so far away... Love because I'm 60lb lighter than I would be, and Hate because NOBODY makes milkshakes like Joe's!Great customer service, very polite and quick. Fun decor. A phenomenal location. But in the city of cheese steaks is take more than being mediocre to get a good rating.Went there for a pretzel cheese steak and the waitress was so rude and the workers just stood around. I had to eat my food fast because they had the air conditioning on south pole so if u let your food sit it would be cold. Who wants to eat cold food? Will never visit that place again and it's a shame because there was only one other person there so I know they're not busyNothing special. Waited 30 minutes for 2 cheesesteaks and fries. The cheesesteaks were nothing to write home about,  just blah, condiment bar was not stocked and our birch beer tasted like cherry coke with added sugar. $33 for something I could have gotten in any pizza shop in the city for half the price and better. The only reason I give it 3 stars is because the sign outside brightens up the st.I love their cheesesteaks!! It's one of my favorite places in Philly and hands down my favorite in the fishtown/nolibs area. I am a sucker for whiz wit and it's always the perfect meat to cheese to roll ratio. The small is the perfect size for me, especially after a night of drinking. Their fries are also delish (crispy and crinkle-cut), especially dipped in cheez whiz. Also I highly recommend their Oreo milkshake. It gets crazy at night but it's worth the wait.This is a solid cheese steak served fast with a bunch of options for toppings.  It's also a BYO which I love.  Best deals are on Wednesdays when all cheese steaks are a few bucks off.  I've brought a bunch of people here and they are always impressed.  More expensive than a lot of the hole in the wall cheesesteak places but cheaper than the tourist traps so I think that's fair.
Minus 1 star for kicking out all the food trucks that used to be on the corner when the bars closed.Amazing steak and awesome service from Erin! Loved the entire experience.  I digg that joint and will be returning as soon as I can. I always say #diggitorleaveit and for Joe's I most definitely digg it tuff.I had Joe's for the first time today. The black and white milkshake is so good that I urge everyone to get a milkshake when they visit, it isn't sickeningly sweet and it's also not very thick, but that's how I like it. The cheesesteak is pretty good compared to others I've tried. The meat is cut into ribbons, and cooked nicely, and the cheese wiz and fried onions really add a nice flavor. My only caveat is that I wish the bread was a little crustier because it's a soft roll and the sandwich seems to squish together as you're trying to take a bite, but again that's just my opinion. Joe's a solid choice if you're indecisive!boy oh boy. I want to love this place, but waiting almost 45 minutes for a steak sandwich in a near empty restaurant is a real bummer. understandably they just opened, but the staff was in a total cluster fuck all just standing around very unorganized. Not sure if take-out will be a little easier, but for the cost you'd think it be a little better customer service.all the people were very nice && the food came
out quick. the pickle bar in the back stole my heart && the inhouse made pickles are to die for! but not literally--maybe just take most the container like i did for the car ride home.An acquaintance mentioned this was his favorite cheesesteak in philadelphia so I was looking forward to trying. I sometimes eat cheesesteaks for breakfast--they hold the #1 place in my heart for hangover curing purposes. I made sure I got myself extra hungover to test properly. The results? The bread I am not a fan of....was dry and too *bready*. The cheesesteak served was a poor representation of what is available in philly. The spot is cool and casual! I have tried another time since the first time and stand by my bread comment.Easily one of the best cheesesteaks in Philadelphia... pairs perfectly with their milkshakes.  I grew up going to their other location in Northeast Philly (formerly known as Chink's), and that was always my choice over the other NE Philly favorite Steve's Steaks .. 
This to me is as good as it gets.. I can't comment on their burgers, chick cheesesteaks, etc.. but if you're for a great steak done right, this is the place.Excellent Cheesesteak, just as good as Pat's, Jim's, or Geno's. Service was so friendly and helpful too and loved the atmosphere. Perfect location as well, highly recommend it!I stopped here before a concert at Johnny Brendas. Got a cheesesteak with whiz and onions. I thought it was one of the best cheesesteak's in Philly. To compare, I'm also a fan of Jim's, Sonny's, and Tony Luke's, but not so much Pat's, Geno's, or Steve's. The bread was really soft and fluffy, and the meat was thinly sliced and cut up, which is how I prefer it. It was very flavorful too. I normally go with American cheese but felt like trying whiz and it was very good too. Onions were diced small and cooked well.
They have a lot of other things on the menu, like chicken cheesesteaks, veggie cheesesteaks, burgers, sundaes and shakes (though the overwhelming smell of the restaurant was buffalo sauce). I would like to try the other items one day. It has a cute, retro diner atmosphere and they will serve you if you want to eat in. Prices were normal for a cheesesteak. Can't beat the convenient location and the delicious food!I will amend my post, as I was a little drunk and very hangry at the time I made it. I went at a very bad hour, roughly 1am. I kind of set myself up for failure. 
However, the service was still really bad. Two employees were sitting on the counter doing nothing and one was Snapchatting the giant crowd of people waiting for their cheesesteaks.
The cheesesteaks and cheese fries were pretty good. Definitely not worth the wait.I was in Philadelphia yesterday for business and wanted to try a real Philly cheesesteak. A federal judge there recommended Joe's because he thought they had the best. I was glad I followed his recommendation because the cheesesteak, fries, and milkshake were AMAZING!  The service was also great!  I will be back in Philadelphia next month, and will definitely be going to Joe's again if at all possible!Best cheese steak in Philly. Had a cheese steak with wiz, fried onions and a fried egg.  Amazing!  Can't wait to go back for another one.Best cheesesteak around. Pickle and pepper bar on point. Nice seating, great hours.The steaks are good and as a chicken cheesesteak fan I appreciate that the chicken is actually a breast chopped during cooking instead of chipped like other places.  But the service leaves a lot to be desired and I don't think it has anything to do with the servers themselves, but more with the very clear lack of system and process.  
My roommate works here as a cook and I stopped in last night at 11:30pm to pick him up when his shift ended at midnight, hoping to grab a bite to eat.  I sat at the counter and not a single person approached me to see if I needed a drink, food, etc.  The owner and manager have seen me once before but otherwise nobody knows me so they had no idea I was there for one of the employees, I was just a customer who was completely ignored for 35 minutes and that's unacceptable, especially at 11:30pm on a Saturday night when the place is more than half empty.
I'm really rooting for this place but someone needs to step up, set some procedures, and smooth out things.I love coming here. The food is always delicious. I really love the vegetarian cheesesteak, probably the best one I have ever gotten. I just wish that they sold a large size and a small size. Also, its very expensive. But of course I will come back. Definitely worth it.Came here to try their veggie cheesesteak and it was great, tasted just like a real one.  The milkshake was perfect and the prices were great. service was good tooDecent vegan cheesesteak. Great fries. Awesome staff. 
My cohort had a sausage sandwich that he enjoyed and a nice chill lunch was had by all. 
This is a spot that would remind you of an old school diner that is veg friendly and has an awesome pickle/pepper bar.excellent! steak was plump, not greasy. bread was super fresh and soft. so unlike many steak shops. staff was extremely courteous, even close to closing time!What can I say about Joe's, my favorite location in the franchise. They are the best I've ever had in my 23 years of life. Seals are always good, chicken or regular, cheese fries are to die for, would recommend them to anyone in the world. I know this is thrown around a lot but they are without doubt the BEST IN PHILLY! I was really excited to try this place because they offered a vegan cheesesteak option. Unfortunately they were out of the vegan meat AND mushrooms! I love mushrooms and am a vegetarian so that was highly disappointing. However, even just with cheese, onions, lettuce, and tomatoes, it was still a pretty good sandwich. I know it would've been glorious with the missing ingredients, though. At least they comped my sister's sandwich for the inconvenience, which was nice.The steak was delicious. Walked in and got a table right away. Our waitress was Erin. She was very helpful and polite. She knew the whole menu when we had questions. Definitely going to hit up Joes again soon!!AWESOME steak sandwich! The meat was tender and the roll was great! The place is a cross between old meets new. I loved my milkshake, triple thick! The only downside was the wait. It took me 20 minutes to get my sandwich, I know it's new so I'm sure they will fix that. I'll def be a customer. Our neighborhood needed a place like this. I want to try the Buffalo Fries next time:)For me, this place beats the more popular steak joints. The large steak (on the menu as 10", but I thought it was bigger) is filled with beautifully seasoned beef, your choice of cheese, and comes at a cheaper price than places like Pat's or Geno's. While I did not try any of their shake, I liked that they had staple flavors on top of seasonal creations. Definitely give this place a shot if you're in the Fishtown area.
*Gave 4 instead of 5 stars because service was rather slow.Here's what you need to know!!!!
I been eating here for a while so read carefully:
1) eat-in or take out: don't sit down at a table if you're not eating-in. (But you should eat in!) Cheesesteaks are best eaten fresh and hot, also enjoyed with a nice foundation drink or milkshake and the time to eat it slowly with company (I recommend Cookies and cream milkshake)
2) they are huge! The large cheesesteaks are 10 inches and a lot to eat. The bread is heavenly, crispy and fresh. 
3) small fries with cheesesteaks are enough for two people (get whiz on the side or try old bay)
4) service is great and prices are fair but...
5) best time to go is Wednesday early evening because there is a Wednesday discount on large cheesesteaks ($7.50) and it's not too crowded as it will be late at night when people leave the bars.
6) best cheesesteak in philly.
7) my go to (their classic) is a large with American with (perfectly fried) onions (and extra cheese)
8) pickle/pepper bar in the back where you can help yourself. I love the bell peppers to put on a few bites!
9) they are nice so take some time w a friend and sit in and enjoy yourself on a lazy afternoon.Way over priced and food is ok. $15 for 2 Milkshakes? Look at the pic of my $5 cheese dog. I will not be going back.Amazing cheesesteaks and awesome shakes! First stop in Philly was definitely a success.This review is for the buffalo chicken cheesesteak.
I came here with a friend because it's new, we're local, and wanted to check out the steaks. Having previously worked in a cheesesteak shop, I had high expectations for the fare. Unfortunately, I was a little disappointed with the buffalo chicken cheesesteak. I don't know if you could really even call it a "buffalo" sauce, because it was seriously lacking in flavor/spice. The cheese fries were just "ok" as well. I don't know if it's just a personal preference or what, but I don't think I'll be back anytime soon. 
I can't comment on their normal (steak) cheesesteaks, but if you're in the area and need to satisfy your cheesesteak craving in a pinch, this would suffice. However, I think your money/business would be better-utilized elsewhere.What a perfect spot to get your late night food on after a night of drinking.  I loved the simple menu, the 1950's feel and the friendly staff. Not wanting to eat a whole cheesesteak we had the cheese dogs! They were amazing. About twice the size that I thought they were going to be and priced only at $2.75. It was more of a meal than a snack. They have a pickle bar and a fixings bar which is always fun for pickle aficionados. Made for some fun people watching as mostly 20 somethings got their food on.  Noticed that it is BYOB which is definitely a plus if you are looking for a nice place to start your evening!This place is better than Pat's, Geno's, and Jim's. Not only are the cheesesteaks better, but the service is way better, not confusing when you order, not a cash only place, and the seating/ambiance is more enjoyable. I feel like this place is the most underrated cheesesteak joint in Philly.Best cheesesteak I've had in Philly so far, although I haven't been to Jim's yet. Get it with both provolone and wiz and it won't disappoint. Love the pickle and pepper bar.The one on Torresdale is our staple for cheesesteaks. The new one is just as good has amazing food and staff. The same custom milkshakes that change every month ( see my pic of the candy corn one) the best part is this one is open late night so I can stop in anytime. They cook in  the window and hand make the shakes. Try the buffalo chicken French fries. Hot and crispy with huge chunks of chicken on them. . Also that Stirling who works at this location. She is just amazingFirst time at Joe's last week.  Great cheesesteak.  Tasted it on both the the regular size roll and the small, I recommend the regular size.   Great quality steak, onion was also very flavorful and mixed in wonderfully with the whiz.  Fries were also good (not great) and they were NOT fresh cut as advertised on their website and in the restaurant.  
I love that Joe's is also a soda shop, they have a variety of homemade sodas other beverages, as well as all your favorite Coke products.  Had a salted caramel black & white shake, could not taste the caramel but overall the shake was very good.  
Also loved the atmosphere and the fact that this is one of the few major cheesesteak spots in the city that you can sit inside and have your table waited on.  Overall, I will definitely be back to Joe's.  I docked one star due to the false advertising of fresh cut fries.  Add fresh cut fries and I will 100% add a well deserved fifth star.
Edit: My Joe's Steak experience tonight (2/27) was so fantastic that the fifth star, naturally, had to be added.  This is one of the best sandwiches in Philly.  Don't skip it.