Went here with the homie Shannon. Had the vegan cheesesteak. It was good but it was a lot of bun. Fries and beers were on point, I had a cider of some sort.  They had a nice big list of beers on special. They have the menu up on chalkboard and was told they change their menu often, so will be going back in the future. We sat at a booth that had cool lights in the table that changed color. Parking is kind of tight but usually something on Frankford. Divey.I love johnny brendas but the door man is an asshole. Said he was gonna fuck me up while I was waiting for a ride out front after he wouldnt let me in. Got agressive. Pushed and threatened me right outside the door. Not the first time this guy got aggressive. Managment really needs to keep an eye on how he treats patronsPoor quality food overall.  We had a chicken caesar salad and a lamb pasta special and neither was acceptable for a restaurant.  The lamb pasta dish was a little cold too, like it had been sitting in the kitchen for a couple hours.  
Despite poor food, the location on the corner was good and the tables right on the street were nice to sit at.  
I would return here for beer and music but I'll never, ever, eat here again at any price.Great service in a vibrant atmosphere. This place is attitude free. Simple menu with a great selection of beers on tap & a full bar - there's Evan a pool table. The room is open an aromatic - smells of specialty cocktails & me u specials fill the air. Not the best spot for a "first date" - a bit too loud - but EXCELLENT when y'all know each other & wanna have a great time!I love this place. I have yet to come see a show here, but every time I come for drinks with a group of friends we have a great time. The atmosphere is cool and the drinks are good. 
Why the two stars? Unfortunately, every time, the experience with the service at the bar is very frustrating. 
I've obviously been to crowded bars, and I know it gets hectic and it can take a while to get the bartender's attention. At JB though, each time, I get the impression the girls behind the bar are purposely being rude. I've stood there trying to get their attention, while they reorganize the ketchup bottles behind the bar. 
From now on, my strategy is to send my boyfriend to the bar as it seems guys get the bartenders' attention more quickly. And I'll keep my tip until the attitude changes.It's a dive bar that has decent drinks and pool tables. There's some outdoor seating. It's a good stop when bar hopping and located right on girard avenue really close to the train station.I must say, I've become quite smitten with Johnny Brenda's.  I think the only place where I'm more likely to be found is in my own house.  And, ok, maybe my boyfriend's apartment.  Maybe.
I've mostly used Johnny Brenda's as a place to have a few beers while checking out a show.  The upstairs opened last fall and since then I've seen a good number of shows.  I haven't been disappointed by any of them.  The space is what I consider to be a perfect size for a show.  There isn't a place in front of the stage where you'd have a bad view, and it's a wonderfully intimate setting.
The beer selection is pretty fabulous (as you would expect from the people who also own Standard Tap), and it's also reasonably priced.  Both things I greatly appreciate.
The bar kind of has multiple personalities.  Downstairs has all the hallmarks of a local dive bar: the floors are linoleum, the tabletops are always sticky, and there are even a few neon lights.  I love it.
Then you go upstairs where the floors are all hardwood, the bar is well designed with accent lights everywhere, and there's even a partial third floor balcony overlooking the stage.  I love upstairs even more.
I also have to give my vote for Best Women's Bathroom to the 2nd floor of Johnny Brenda's.  There are more stalls than you could ever need, there are multiple mirrors (including a full length).  Also, the lighting, sinks, and fixtures are gorgeous.
Now I just need to get in on some of that brunch.  Man, do I love brunch.This used to be my favorite bar. 
Seriously... It was every-evening-after-work-sitting-at-the-bar-alone-with-a-book-and-eating-some -scrumdiddlyumptious-fried-shrimp-and-drinking-tasty-brew favorite. 
The food is still really good (though not 5 star good anymore), the drinks are still reasonably priced, and the staff is still nice. But since they added the upstairs, expanded into the building next door and added a brunch, they've become too busy/popular/trendy for their own good. 
It's still a really fun place to go, especially if you like crowded nightclubs filled to the brim with hipsters and indie-rocker wannabes. But I really miss the simple drunken joy of the old JB's.
Oh yeah, the modified Budweiser sign over the juke box made to say "dive bar"  no-longer applies.
EDIT (May 7, 2008):
I just went there last night and found out that the Yard's Philly Pale Ale is now $4.50... that requires me to take away a star. If the rest of Philly starts charging more than $3 for a Yard's, then I will give them their 3 stars back.
Maybe not. I doubt I'm going back (unless an awesome band plays a show there).I love this place! The food is so good from dinner to desert A+ the booths are cozy and with the windows open you can't ask for a better night. Service is right on, great selection of drinks.I have been here at least a hundred times for dinner and/or drinks over the past 5 years. I feel as though I have watched it fluctuate as far as it's food quality is concerned. It's a hit or miss, sometimes it's fantastic and other times, I'm let down. 
Because of dietary restrictions I feel the menu is quite limiting, wish there were more veg/vegan options, not a place I can frequent as much as I'd like but it definitely hits the spot when my stomach growls and I'm not feeling cooking and washing dishes!Great music venue. Food is fantastic and cheap! They don't have any bottled beer which is not good.Meh. This is a great bar to go and relax.....and thats about it. I used to drink there all the time, then realized that no one ever looked like they had fun. Everyone just went there to talk it seemed. 
The beer selection and prices were steller. Food was good, but very expensive.
A good bar to bring a date too, but don't expect her to be impressed.Decent venue, can see the stage week from most places , there is a balcony and bar upstairs to see down onto stage as well. The flow is stupid though, not much room to walk around and people are constantly pushing by to get to bar or bathrooms and spilling drinks in the process. Speaking of , I thought the price of said drinks was really high for what you get. So overall would go back but watch where I stand and maybe not visit the bar that often.Upon reading Kristin G's ROTD (and then abigail l's, per her recommendation), I feel the need to re-review JB's.
LOSE THE ATTITUDE, some of you. I hatehatehateHATE to order from the bar downstairs. 4 out of 5 times, I get the bitchy bartenders. One of them actually said to me "What do you want?" with a sigh, like I was bothering her. I want a g-d beer, that's what I want. 
And yes, there are some fantastic bartenders (one of them I think was in an acting class with me). A+ to you, nice bartenders, keep up the good work. 
I, like many others on Yelp, have worked in the food service industry. Yes, it kind of sucks, but TIPS PAY YOU. I won't tip you well if you don't treat me well.Sat outdoors this evening. Gregg was our waiter - amazing service with a smile. Our party of three had hangar steak, scallops, pesto eggplant, bread pudding, lemon chess tart, coffee. All delicious.i had a good cuban sandwich here but their beer list is more than a little annoying. I have a problem with this ipa/hops trend, that causes places like this to have maybe 2  or 3 non hoppy beers out of over 10! Everything else: ipa ipa hops hops. Even the saison I got was lightly spiced and heavily hopped, should have known as it was a victory. Oh well, not a place I'm going to go to for beer but they have great shows and solid food.JB's has a lot going for it, yet still comes across as an extremely annoying spot.  It's by far the best music venue in town, supporting local and big name artist in an intimate setting with pretty decent sound, yet you feel like a herd of cattle due to one badly designed aspect of the upstairs.  When you first walk into the top floor, there is an open area with an elongated bar stretched out to the right on the wall.  To get to the stage area, you have to pass through the huddled mass of irritated people attempting to grab a beer, throwing aside any sense of politeness out of the necessity to not waste an entire night wrangling to get a single drink.  The bar extends past a wall that divides the stage area, and the passageway between the two is barely big enough for an emaciated hipster.  Be prepared for awkward avoidance dancing in this bottleneck.  If you aren't forceful, you'll never get through.
The stage isn't that big, but like I said, very intimate for viewers and bands alike.  They can put on some pretty neat light shows when they feel randy, but it doesn't happen often. 
I'm pretty certain the food is freezer stored for long periods of time, because it barely has any taste.  It's not the worst bar food out there, but it's certainly not the best.  It's more useful as a booze absorber than a wakening of the taste buds.
There's not much you can do about the clientele you attract, especially when you live in a part of town that is being overrun by cookie cutter "I'm too lazy to care" socialites, but staffing your establishment with people that don't act like it's a burden to serve you might be a good start.
JB's will have a strong following because they are the best at what they offer, which isn't so much a testament to JB's as it is a lack of options for Philly.I really like this place.  The atmosphere inside has always been easy going cool.  I've found the staff to be nice, friendly, though maybe not overly service oriented.  But that's nice.  I've never been ignored and nor have I ever felt pressured or bothered.  I love that they support our local brewers, that's a nice touch.  The food has always been good and fairly interesting.  And now with the upstairs music venue, there's even more to like, if not love.  My only complaint with Johnny's is that it has become too popular and therefore too crowded.  But, poof, they've expanded, so that shouldn't be a problem anymore.  Can't wait to stop in and find out.visited this little watering hole on sunday 5/5/13....acually i just came acrossed it walking in the area...........very impressed.....cozy little dive bar, nice people, cute inside....antique-e....all pretty much original.....nice little dining area...pool table also......local and micro beers only....a nice change....sorry budweiser....i only had beers here but the food coming out looked real good.....the female manager was very nice and gave us the run down of the history of the bar,,,,lots of spanish music playing (for cinco de mayo)...i was just very impressed...had fun for the couple of hrs. i was there....they also had some seating outside and the svc. was quick but laid back.....my kind of place.........would i be back//....DEFINITLY!!!....................ps  clean toilets and no  TV's....a nice plus..as .i allways say .if you want to watch tv....stay homeGood cooking and Awesome shows, pretty down to earth type of people.
Prices is good, bathroom is clean.Are you a shittastic waitress with attitude?  Have you been fired from multiple waitressing jobs?  Apply for a job at Johnny Brenda's- apparently these are the prerequisites for hiring.  UGH!!!! 
So why three stars? 
a. It's close to my house
b. I like the feel and look of the place
c. A few bartenders are pretty awesome
d. The shows here are amazing, I wish I could review the upstairs separately. 
Now let's get down to why I hate it here: the dining area.  I'm not sure that I have ever had a good experience here in the four or so years I've been going but JB's proximity to my house has caused to me to continue trying.  This past Friday was the last straw.  I was hungry and meeting my husband for an after work beer.  It had been a while since we'd eaten here so the memories of shitty service were repressed and buried deep down in my brain.    A few of our friends met us and we were seated in a booth- much to my friend Kelly's dismay as she prefers to sit and eat at the bar, a mantra I will now follow.  
We sat and ordered a second round of drinks.  My husband ordered a second Kenzinger.  It came and he tasted it proclaiming it did not taste like a Kenzinger or it tasted like the lines were dirty.  A friend at the table tasted it and agreed.  When our waitress returned he let her know and she argued with him that Kenzinger tastes bad, asking had he ever had one before.  We explained that he ordered one at the lower bar and it tasted fine (and that he likes Kenzinger and maybe you shouldn't talk shit on a local beer that  you serve in your bar asshole)  but since this beer came from the upper bar that maybe the lines were dirty or something else was off.  She kept arguing with him even questioning if his first order had been a Lionshead and not a Kenzinger before she finally took it away and got him something different.   WHY ARGUE?!? What point are you proving here? Just shut the eff up and take it back.  Seriously it's like they train people to be shitty servers here.  
So on to the food- it was fine but hot damn if it's not expensive and lacking in portion size and taste for the prices.  The menu seems to have expanded lately, which makes me really happy save for the fact that the prices are a little ridiculous.  The sides board lists collard greens, brussels sprouts and spinach for $5.50 each.  What? I was half  tempted to order one just to see the portion size.  I opted for the vegetable focaccia.  It was good, with goat cheese, roasted peppers, eggplant and squash.  It was also a pretty big portion for $7.  I also ordered the smashed potatoes- very tasty.  I got pretty lucky with my crazy people dinner.  My husband had an $8 grilled cheese- nothing special and it was served with a tiny little portion of potato chips.  The menu is written on a chalk board so there are no explanations for any of the food.  I kind of hate this a lot.  I know it's better for the environment and it's easy to erase or add something from a board but I just hate that I am required to speak to the wait staff any more than necessary.  
Ok so to top off our awesome experience my friend ordered dessert to go.  She opted for the hazelnut cheesecake.  It came out in a large tin container along with the check.  We all marveled at it swimming around in the container.  It was, with no exaggeration smaller than a post-it note and it was $5.  We were all "hell no" and once the waitress returned we requested it be taken back and off of the bill.  Another argument ensued.  Wow.  The waitress "explained" that the cheesecake was very rich and so the portions were smaller.  My friend held her debit card next to the slice and showed the waitress how the debit card was larger than the slice.   I have no idea how you even get a slice of cheesecake to be that small, seriously, how does one cut a slice so small? Or was it made in a teeny tiny spring form pan? 
So in summation (sorry it was so long but I do love to bitch!) go here for a pint, upstairs for a show with gorgeous sound or food at the bar only unless you're in the mood for an argument.Johnny Brendas Score: 19
Burger Quality: 4
Bun: 5
Fries: 3
Extras:  3
Value: 4
2 Sentence Review: Solid burger and fries...better presentation then you expect, like Timberlake.  Funky vibe, so-so service and dark (bring girls that eat carrots).  
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)Being a huge fan of the Standard Tap, in Northern Lib I was very excited about moving to Fishtown down the street from their sister bar. While it is a compatible venue, there is definitely a different vibe with it's own ups and downs. The bar has an early to mid twenties hipster crowd mostly, but you see quite a variety of people in there. Like the tap, the beer is all micro brews, however they don't rotate their selection much. The kitchen is pretty good and now that they expanded the place, there is actually room to eat. If for one reason and one reason only you go to JB's; go to see a concert here. They have an incredible venue for music upstairs. If all you've seen is the downstairs you will most likely will not be very impressed. The biggest downfall of JB's is a few bad apples in the staff. Recently this had gotten better. I think someone finally realized that snubbing customers is bad for business. I used to literally order a round every time I saw the bartender. because they would disappear in to the back for a half hour at a time. Then, when they came back they would play with their cell phone for another ten minutes ignoring everyone at the bar. Like I said though. It seems like the past few months the bar as undergone a night and day change. I see a lot of new faces in the staff, so perhaps this is no longer an issue.
5 stars for the upstairs, three stars for the downstairs. All in all, 4 stars.Their craft beers are so good, I have never tasted such a good craft beer for a long time. However, their food size is so small and overpriced.This may be my favorite place to see a show, from the balcony, natch.  It's small and there is not a bad place to be.    I was hesitant to go because it's in FRIGGIN FISHTOWN but now that i see how close it is to the El, and that I don't have to wander too far all over the place, I will go back again and again.This place put Fishtown on the map for those who didn't grow up in the River Wards.  It's my "corner bar" and I couldn't ask for a better one. 
Pros: great, gritty feel inside; amazing upstairs music venue that showcases acts that usually would be in a much larger venue; food that is better than you'd expect to find in a bar BY FAR; servers will get to know you and remember your "usuals"; great variety of music; most nights it's not hard to find a table.
Cons: menu doesn't change a lot (which should only matter to those of us that go there 3 times a week!); some of the bartenders aren't super friendly and/or quick but they'll usually get replaced very quickly; can be very, very cold in there at times so bring a jacket and scarf you don't mind leaving on.I like to believe I live a rock'n'roll lifestyle. It's places like this that keep fueling this fantasy life. But I'll get to that later.
There is really great food here. And it is relatively cheap. Take, as case in point, my experience last night: I got a nice little sandwich and a beer before the show I went to see and it was only $10.80. Also, it arrived really fast, and the bartender that served it was really sweet. It honestly makes me wish I lived closer to go more often and get every damn thing on the constantly changing menu. 
Back to the rock lifestyle. This is a dope place to watch a show. The room isn't that large, so it's intimate, without being cramped. I've enjoyed shows on the main level as well as the balcony, and I must admit, I think the balcony makes me feel like I am at the back room at Max's Kansas City circa 1972. I am probably totally wrong about that, but this is my fantasy world, people. I'll just keep dreaming and rocking out.Let's just say this is the place I want to go to when I feel like not only relaxing but also drinking myself into a humble mess. The food is amazing, the drinks on tap superb. Whodda thunk that the once place I'd rather be chilling at when it comes to only food and beer would only be that of fishtowns finest.
The whole place is dimly lit, relaxing to those who want to just sink away into their seat and forget their nearby diners existence. It's so relaxed there you almost want to just light up a cigarette and start smoking sure that no one around you would even pay mind to the second hand smoke they're about to ingest. lol. The bands that play there are great, we enjoy just being able to go out and relax.
The food, wow. I had the fishtown stew and I just talking about it now leaves me craving it. The shrimp came out Jumbo and plenty. Mussels perfectly cooked, stew flavorly filling. 
I think I might just have to make a trip down to fishtown now.....
a must go.Considering I nearly passed out the first time I came here, everything was pretty good. Friendly bartenders and waitresses, nice crowd and ambiance, and quite a decent beer selection. Lovely menu, too. If you're not in a good mood when you walk through the door, you'll be in one within a few minutes of chilling out here.
I'll definitely have to come back and update this review when I'm a little more sober.Let me preface this by saying only that I LOVE THIS BAR.
With that said, I do not like the food here.  I used to love the sandwiches and shoestring fries, but now it seems that the ciabatta bread is way too dense and hard to balance the sandwich innards, which just get lost.  The fries are not as signature as they used to be.  The desserts were always a bit of a hit or miss for me, but when they had bread pudding a couple of years ago, I was a happy camper.  It was damn exquisite.
What I love here is the beer selection, always local and on draft, and the atmosphere.  Although it's not my favorite food on the planet, you can't fuck with a decent hummus plate to go with those Pale Ales.
And another thing - 3 bucks for a Lionshead?  Come on, man.  The stuff is piss-tastic at best.  I'll stick with whatever's in the 4-5 dolla range.
I still give the place 4 stars, based on just the good times I've had as soon as I've stepped through the door.  For me, Johnny Brenda's exudes the very essence of what a Philly beer bar should aspire to be.  They just need to work on that little detail...you know - the fucking food.This review is for JB's Brunch specifically. Though I'm sure my review of their bar/music scene would be positive as well. 
First off, our waitress was great. Totally sweet and attentive. Even when she corrected my pronunciation of the menu board's "Chiquilles"...I'm actually not even sure if I spelled that right. My dining buddy and I had the: 
oyster stew, whiskey donut, chiquilles, pork belly & grits, and a side of spinach. It sounds like a lot of food because it was a lot of food. I'm proud to say we held our own though. 
The oyster stew was very good, not too creamy. The whiskey donut was cute (yep) and you don't feel like they've robbed you of the middle hole like those thieves at Dunkin Donuts and every other donut establishment in the world. It truly tastes like whiskey, and that little munchkin donut hole tastes like a straight shot. It's a rather clever concept. Our brunch entrees were great, the pork belly dish being the better of the two. Chiquilles is like Hueveos rancheros with a ton of tortilla layers. Good day after drinking dish I'd say. 
I would definitely come back here for brunch. I like that their menu deviates from the traditional Benedict & french toast theme.Best sound in the city.  JB's sound techs and setup produce the best concert experience there is.  With multiple bars and a gallery overlook area, JB's is a premier concert destination.  Numerous local beers are on tap and rotate through.  They are all reasonably priced.  Super friendly bar staff.   Cheap concert tickets.  Great food served till 1 am.  I have yet to have have a bad experience here and I've been well over 20 times.  Highly recommended.I just love this bar. Always a chill environment, easy to have a conversation, and the juke box rocks. Good beer selection, which is always a top priority. Most selections are local, which is nice to see supported. Diverse crowd, off all ages. 
I've not eaten here, and it's cold right now so the outside area isn't relevant. I've heard the food is very good. Maybe sometime I'll try it.Regular visits for 2 years past 3 visits have been worse then the previous. Same menu for 10 months...worst meal I've had in a long time... To full of ur self Johnny.  Bye byeGreat bar and a great staff.  This place is a Philly Staple.  If you are in the area, you have to pop in and check it out.Johnny Brenda's has a small dive bar/concert space upstairs filled with...fog?  Not sure what that was but it wasn't cigarette smoke.
Show up early for your concert if you want a good spot on the mezzanine. I was up on my toes peeking between people all night. Good concert. Ok beer selection. Discovered that "local" beer doesn't necessarily mean "good" beer. 
I'd go back for a concert though. Such an intimate space.Johnny Brenda's is great but gotta say those two dudes who wouldn't lift me up so i could crowd surf during Purling Hiss were a bunch of prudes.JBs is the triple threat of Philadelphia. Great food. Great drinks. Great live music. All with a level of service you won't get anywhere else in the city.My grad school friend and I went there last night. It wasn't too crowded and there was a really cool pool table. The waitress was nice and the Catfish sandwich was delicious. My friend and I were raving about the delicious fries. I definitely would love to go back there!This is Fishtown's finest.  An absolutely gorgeous music venue upstairs, and a cool, cozy bar downstairs.  What else do you need?
Haven't been in there since, August?  But the hummus is absolutely wonderful, and the Mako kebabs were ridiculous.  Great selection of beers on tap.This place is quintessential Philadelphia to me- I have only been here once so far (my office moved in down the street), but many of my friends and co-workers love the music scene and late nights at this place. I came for lunch with a group of 10 people yesterday, we were seated quickly (there were maybe a dozen other patrons eating lunch inside and a handful more on their outdoor tables along Girard). They had a cool beer selection, which most of my group ordered (and arrived at the table within 5 minutes). 
Their food menu is small but diverse- hummus plate, fresh oysters, etc for appetizers, steak & blue cheese salad, fried haddock sandwich and burgers for menu items. At least half of my table got the fried haddock sandwich which they were in love with, although they said the ciabatta bread (a harder bread) was an odd pairing for the fried fish. I had one of their specials-salmon hash with fried eggs and toast-and holy moly was it good. The whole experience was extremely quick for a group our size. 
The decor inside is really just average and there didn't seem to be any sort of particular type of establishment they were trying to go for downstairs. The back of the menu had their music line up for the month, and they seem to be best known for that-but it's still a good place to grab lunch if you're in the area and looking for a hipster, no-nonsense place with great food.Stopped here before heading to the pier for a concert. Wasn't too bad. Our server was nice. The food was good. We liked the beet dip and the fish was good. Just wish portions were a little bigger for the price.One of the top 3 venues for live music in Philly, in terms of set up and acts they bring in.  Reasonably priced beers.  Love this place.Cool place to see a show. Had a bite to eat downstairs first. Food and beer were good. Service sucked.  Show was awesome.meh.  I really like johnny brendas and I kneeewww there was a reason that I hadn't sat at a table there in a long table - simply because it ALWAYS sucks.  
I couldn't avoid sitting at a booth there last week because I was with 5 of my good friends...sitting at the bar on a friday night when you all want to eat just doesn't work....to crowded and you really can't talk to each other.  Without getting into details (If you want some good ones read abigail "rabbit rabbit" l.'s review) service was very slow and generally not good(semi rude).  I'm not dissing all the waitresses there though, there are some good ones and the bartenders are pretty awesome...but somehow I always get stuck with the poor performing waitresses.  
You lose a star this time JB's!  sorry.  I still like your beers and your atmosphere, but you really need to step it up a little.  I'm not a hard person to please, I worked in food service for years so I totally understand its a hard job but its not that hard to stay pleasant 90% of the time and do a semi decent job.Great burgers/fries and I highly recommend the Victory Summer Love brew.  Cool, casual atmosphere.Shows - Fantastic space, intimate, decent sound.   There's room to sit back at the bar and watch or you can get up close - easy to enjoy a great show.
Drinks - Timely, local beer selection.  Decent prices.  Be sure to ask for a Bud Light Bottle; they love that.
Food - In a word, pricey.   It is plenty good, it's just expensive for what you get; you're paying a premium for the popularity of the joint.   Same basic menu as Standard Tap, and the fries are just as addictive.  Look for the seasonal specials, at least then you're getting something for the price.   Also, take advantage of the half priced raw bar at the early happy hour.Been to a few shows here. I like the upper floors more than the normal bar level, way too crowded on weekends. Cool looking place with a decent beer list. Cop that kinzenger cause I like piswater and I'm cheap.Perfect place. 
I went here on a friday.  It got packed and live music was really good. I think Philly is having some greats musicians here!
If you have a good taste of music, if you want to hear something original, this is your place.This place is really, really easy to forget. The only thing it has going for it is that it has a pretty choice jukebox. Well, I'm partial to jukeboxes with Dinosaur Jr. on them.
But, in other news, I've recently heard that this place has opened themselves up to having live local and national acts on the second floor courtesy of r5. I think the only reason that Sean wants to have shows there is so that the cash cow keeps getting bigger and he doesn't know where else to stick those bands that the local "tastemakers" haven't read about yet.
But no, I'm not bitter...As a habitue of JB's, I was rather surprised to see a crop of house cocktails on the menu this past Friday. So, I tried a couple. I haven't been as happy with the food since the previous chef had left (and they got rid of the beloved Cubano), but the new cocktails have captivated me once again. They all have wacky names that I can't remember (because I was drinking in the middle of the day), but there's one with celery as a flavor. Sounds disgusting, right? WRONG! It is incredible.  
Back to the food: the crispy chicken sandwich and hamburger have remained consistently good. They don't seem to offer as many menu options as they used to, when the old chef was around. They had their standards, plus several interesting  specials. Now, they have their standards, with fewer specials, which are often similar to each other. 
Nevertheless, they also have a great beer selection and some pretty damn good wines. I still love it there.Ever since I can remember I've LOVED coming to JB's for shows and their amazing burger/chicken sandwich.  I was there this weekend for my burger fix and was soo sad to see the drop-off in the food.  I'm not sure if it's the new chef - but the burger was waay drier and smaller than before.  A friend of mine got the meatball sandwich and felt the same way.  I was there with five other people who were really disappointed that the (normally amazing) chicken sandwich was taken off the menu.  Still love JB's but probably not as a dinner spot so much anymore.One of the best small indie venues I've been to.  Minus a star for the sketchy neighborhood.Best chicken sandwiches and great shows upstairsAwesome music scene, great Cubano sandwich, the rest of the fare and service are A-OK. Neither bad nor great, but i've yet to catch a show there which seems to be the real draw.As it turns out I ended up spending more time in this area due to work so I have now been a repeat visitor to Johnny Brendas for beer, shows and food several times, and thought I'd update my previous review.  
Both the beer and the musical show selection continue to be mighty good.  The upstairs is where I like to be for shows. Cool architecture,  nice candlelight atmosphere, windows you can peek out of the curtains through between bands and see what's happening on the street, pretty lights going through clouds of incense fog when the band is playing, and the cutest little bar that doesn't get crowded because it's not to sit at or hang out at, it's basically to buy your very good beer and step away.   On the downstairs floor of the show area, there is also a little lounge room with a photo booth to play in and some couches to plotz on, as well as a painting of some unidentified potato-shaped object on the wall. 
We also had pre-show dinner here in the seated dinner room away from the bar.  Lots of cool booths with colored lights built into the tables, and a couple booths in little bead-curtained niches that looked like an opium den.  The service was awright, especially considering it was jammed with hipsters and very noisy.  The food was OK.  I think I had ribs.  I will probably stick to sandwiches in the future though.  
This place is still a long drive from downtown and an even longer drive from west of Philly, where I'm usually coming from, and they could definitely use more and better parking near the Johnny Brenda's block which also has 2 or 3 other restaurants and bars around it now.  Still easier to find a close place here than at the North Star Bar, though.  Despite the long drive and parking hassles, this bar still has the best beer selection of any Philly music venue I've attended, and I'll probably keep dropping by a few times a year.Great spot to kick it with friends and catch a show. I've only been once, but plan to be back very soon. The downstairs has a long bar with a nice selection of reasonably priced craft beers, pool table, and comfortable seating arrangements. But from what I hear, the upstairs is what Johnny's is really known for. With acts like Jim James coming through, this place is absolutely worth checking out.I give 'em credit for a great variety of music, and the food's pretty good at the restaurant.  Having said that, the stage and floor are kinda awkward.  Worth a visit, I suppose, if there's a band there you're dying to see.JB's may seem like the birthplace for Philly hipsters, not counting Benjamin F., but it's a wonderful place for everyone. Ol' Ben would be a fixture here if a time portal opened.
I've had the full JB's experience:
- Ignite Philly (several times) upstairs - from the floor, from the balcony.
- Bands aplenty.
- Holding down the bar top for several hours on a busy Saturday night.
- Lunch with friends/dates, daytime drinking, brunch, etc. in the expansion dining area.
And I don't even live in Fishtown or N.Lib.
I think one of my favorite attributes about this place is versatility, as you can see from above. In the downstairs area, you can have any light level you want -- Semi-dim in the main bar area, bright window in the back dining area if you want to see your companion's face, or midnight in the garden of good and under the stairs.
There's outdoor seating on Girard, people watching by the barrel, awesome sculptured bike parking, and pool tables too. I don't even need to review the food and drink... one of my favorite burgers in town, but I try to get something different each time.Sitting close to the bartender with puppy-dog eyes doesn't get you a drink refill any faster than standing in the middle of Girard hoping to get a drink refill.   However,  you may discover that sitting at a remote table and being douchy to waitstaff gets you a new beer every half-hour.  It all depends who forgot to take their Monistat 7.   That being said, it's the default hipster jawn in the neighborhood and the gateway into the world of bizzaro that is Fishtown, which, over time, will make the unpredictable service at JB's seem like the most predictable thing in the entire neighborhood.Cool spot for a beer and show in Northern Liberties.  I haven't eaten here so I can't comment on the food but its a good small venue with a decent beer selection.  There are about 10 beers on draft with a focus mostly on local brews.  The pricing for beers is in the $3 to $6 range.  The bartenders were friendly and if it were closer to my house I could definitely see myself hanging out here more often.  There is some limited outdoor seating.
The venue itself is in the upstairs portion of the bar.  It's an intimate space with a small stage.  There is also a balcony area that overlooks the stage and has a small bar.  The sound is surprisingly very good for a bar-venue.  
Overall its a cool spot.  It attracts a decidedly hipster-ish crowd, but that is on par for a lot of bars in N. Liberties.Had lunch there.  Friendly, happy staff.  Got mushroom toast.  Heavenly.  Drank Jack's Cider on tap.  Pleasant visit.  Highly recommended.Server was fantastic. JR Burger was cooked med well, I asked for med rare. Fries were soggy. Portion sizes are way to small for the price.A staple of Fishtown, Johnny Brenda's recently gained extra fame by being featured in "Creed." The bar is located right on the intersection of Frankford Ave and Girard Ave, making it an easy spot to meet up with friends in the center of Fishtown's late night scene. It was one of the first bars in Philly that i'd ever been to, and is usually a first stop in our many Fishtown barhops within the last 4 years.
When you walk in (have your ID's out), the dim lights and graffiti decor make you feel like you're in a dive bar, but at the same time you'll realize that it's not a dive bar by any means. There's a pool table (the worst part of the entire bar), tables along the wall, booths in the back room with wait service, and a music venue upstairs with a cover. Depending on the bartender (there used to be a long haired guy who was a god among bartenders), you could have a long wait for a beer in the crowded bar. The entire pub is very loud too, but you'll get used to it after awhile.
The beer selection is all craft beer, which makes this spot more of a hipster venue rather than a cheap dive bar. The cheapest beer is the god-awful Philly brewed Kenzinger at $4, which was $3 a few years ago. They got a good selection of craft beers at $5-$6 a pop, which are probably better choices when beginning a night. 
The food is good, especially their fries and Johnny Brenda's Burger, which is NY State Sirloin with cheddar cheese and sauteed onions. It's $13, which I always feel is too high for even the most gourmet burger. Two years ago, my friend actually was so happy with his JB burger that he ordered another one right after. I don't recommend any human to order two adult sized burgers, and either did some higher power as a water main break forced us to evacuate Johnny Brenda's as he was half way through devouring his second burger. 
One of the biggest gripes I have with Johnny Brenda's is the pool table. This place gets *very* crowded after 10pm and there starts to be a lack of places to stand, especially when you're with a group. Yet there is always some group of people playing pool (who are equally annoyed that there are so many people ruining their game), who constantly tell anyone standing around the table, or accidentally are leaning on the table due to the overcrowding, to move. Some of the players say this in a friendly way, while some players would benefit from being hit by a speeding bus. Pool tables are for pool rooms, not the lobby of a faux dive bar.
In short, Johnny Brenda's is a solid spot in Fishtown to try at least once. It's one of the cooler places in the area to go with a group before venturing through the city.I am partial to gastropubs and restaurants with daily specials written on chalkboards, so the fact that Johnny Brenda's has both going for it speaks to my bias... But here are my takeaways after dinner here on a Sunday evening:
-Great draft beer selection. Absolutely no bottles on the premises, and server was very excited to explain beers.
-Yummy veggie burger made from lentils and roasted red peppers. It came with a house mayo sauce that was to die for - a more relishy manifestation of the sauce that comes on a Big Mac...
-Relaxed, divey atmosphere. Low lights, punk music playing not too loudly in the background. Pool table.
-Prices aren't cheap, but what you would expect from a gastropub. Meals are $10-12 a plate.I love this place. Its great both for food and for seeing bands or other events (i.e. Ignite Philly). The food is really tasty, for both dinner and dessert. We got a free dessert once because they had taken longer than usual for our order (which actually hadn't seemed that long to us). The atmosphere downstairs is great with big windows that can be opened in the summertime and big tables with slow flickering lights built into the table tops. Upstairs is very intimate with great visibility of the stage from either the floor or in the balcony. Altogether its also a really cool looking building. We can always manage to find parking, but its also not too far from the subway.All the waiters/waitresses I've ever had have always been extremely professional and polite. The bar gets slammed, but the bartenders are always doing their best to accommodate everyone. The menu is small, but the food I've tried has been good. Terrific venue and convenient to find. Don't know what I'd do without this place!The fries were amazing along with the malt vinegar aoilli dippin sauce. But Half of the fries were the size of my pinky toe. I still ate them all, but idk. Just use those for home fries. I need a good sized fry to hold and put in my mouthBlack Lips show! how can it be bad?  and it wasn't!
I like this place, it reminds me of all the "edgy-ness" the troc had in the 90's.  The staff see to not over think how "cool" they are or anything.  they focus on things where it counts, getting good bands, serving good food, and beer.
started off eating there... Edamame to start..then a falafel (cruchy pattys)...   to say it was good, is kinda funny... japanese & greek, but it worked.. it was good. service was good....
headed up stairs, now keep in mind your right there, the band is right there, not a big stage, but that is the coolest part, you can actually see your band.I went here for the first time on Saturday to see a show (Jukebox the Ghost).  Great small venue!  Along with Standard Tap (same owners, same decor), Johnny Brenda's is what I love about living in Northern Liberties.  Local crowd, locally grown food, great local beer selection (Victory, Yards, PBC, etc).
The show was fun and I will def go back.  Cover was only $10-$12 so I'm planning on going on a random night to checking out some new music.I've been eating burgers here for half of my life, literally.
They're a gift from God.As an eternal cynic, I WANTED to find SOMETHING wrong with Johnny Brenda's.  But this place is perfect.  I was most impressed by the friendly bartenders even during a hot, sweaty and slightly LOUD show.Well now, this is the second place I have come across today that I thought I already reviewed.  It's been a few months sense I stopped in.  I do remember my first time, though.  Came in for a show, though I don't remember the band.  Came early because we were hungry and I had a grumbling for some beer.  The beer selection is good here.  It is updated as needed.  Good local brews and micros from around the region.  The prices are pretty good, and I tend to run through a few brews every time I am there.
One thing that I like, but drives me crazy are the damn lights in the tables.  I always tend to sit at the same table, so that is my fault.  I do like them, but after a while they drive me crazy.  OK, I'll be honest, as I get drunk they distract me.  I normally cover them up with coasters and the condiments at the table. 
Moving on the the grub.  It is typical Philly bar food, not the best in the world, but pretty damn good.  I have had a bunch of their fair, and there is nothing that I would not get again.  Nothing over the top, all just right.  
The first floor is pretty large.  There is outside seating in the summer months.  Pool table in the first room, if you come in from the corner door.  Nice large bar, with some side bars, booths, high-top seating and some table in the back.  Chalkboards are throughout with the beer list and menu.  
The upstairs show area is pretty interesting.  A little lounge area with a bar on the stage level.  There is standing room on this level for shows. Then there is an upstairs area with another small bar (I think, its been a while sense I have been to a show here).  I do like the balcony area to see a show.  A little less crowded.
Over all I do like Johnny Brenda's.  I come here often when I am in the city.  I do recommend this bar/ restaurant.I just discovered that this place has the best veggie burger in Philadelphia (better than Sketch)!Johnny Brenda's was packed when we went on Saturday night. Some of my friends were in need of some food so we put our name in for a table and there was a 45 minute wait!
The menu isn't extensive, just a warning. They have about 5 choices for dinner options. My boyfriend and I asked to split a burger and fries and they actually brought it out on separate plates for us which I was super pleased about. The burger was pretty good and the fries were very salty (which I like). 
Johnny Brenda's is a cool hangout but it is definitely small inside so be prepared. The food was good, drinks weren't too strong, and overall we had a great time.Their drinks were reasonably priced. Pretty standard for a bar in Philly. My gin and ginger ale was $6 and for a double shot it was $8. The beers ranged from $3-7. After spending some time drinking, we got a table and some food. The burger was very good. It hit the spot and soaked up some of the alcohol. The fries were salty but I'm into that. My only complaint was that it was cramped inside but then again it was also a Saturday night. If you want your general beer and burger, this place is great.Johnny Brenda's is a nice little venue - 
I saw a band here on Friday night because my buddy said it was a great place to see musicians and I totally agree.  I will absolutely go back and will also be more prepared for the fuckery that is parking in NoLibs!awesome menu, changes nearly everyday! I love this place, atmosphere is great, not too far from home, the Hired help are down to earth and friendly! I LOVE JOHNNY BRENDA'SPretty average every time that I've been there, but I know a lot of people who love it here. Typically, when I am in the fishtown area, there are few other places I would usually go, but JB's isn't terrible. Beer and whatnot is plentiful and decent priced. Food is OK, but nothing out of this world. 
Lots of people and sometimes they have live music, which is pretty cool, but I usually get the feeling I'm not cool enough to be around and move along to some place a little more laid back.Okaaaayyyy you win, JB's.
I come here too often to still dislike it. I haven't sat at the bar in ages, and the waitstaff is usually really nice. 
Plus, they STILL have Dogfish Head's Chicory stout on tap, and that stuff is supposed to be out of season. Mmm.
Edit:
I have seen a few shows here. Just an update for those wondering.