Best pizza we've found in Fairmount. Other food (salads, fries, etc.) are decent too, but we really just go for the pizza. Never had a problem with orders or service either.I LOVE John's Place.
That's probably a bit of an outlandish statement to make about a business before ever actually having visited it, but oh well. Oh. Well.
I have ordered their delivery far too many times lately. Yeeees, there are other great places in the area for delivery, but I'm hooked on a couple things in particular at John's:
1) New York Pizza. The honey mustard base with the grilled chicken and bacon just makes for one excellent pie. Goodness.
2) Fried Mac and Cheese. They're like mozzarella sticks, but... with mac and cheese inside. They are lovely. You'll get six of 'em.
I also like their traditional pizza, Italian hoagie, cheesesteak and chicken salad. Their chicken salad isn't one of my top chicken salads, but it'll do in a chicken salad crunch, so that makes them good in my books.
So, yes, try John's Place. They're open early. They deliver fast. They won't kill your wallet. They're just great. I love them so much.yummy yummy food and i love the people there..normal diner prices but you'll still find some cheap stuff too, 5 stars cause the food is yummy..Their breakfast is garbage. Well, except for their grits. The potatoes were undercooked and tasteless and their scrapple was nausea inducing. Skip breakfast here because it just isn't worth it.I just moved down the street from this BYOB and they immediately made me feel like part of the family. Breakfast is served all day and never disappoints. Beverly, the lady who works the counter on the weekend mornings, is the sweetest and always provides nice conversation while you wait for your food. Debbie, the matriarch of this establishment, is always smiling and catching up with her customers even when the counter is mobbed with some of the younger patrons. They are releasing a new menu soon. I can't wait to see what they going to offer.Placed an order for takeout. Food was ready when I got there and was delicious when I got home. Have eaten here several times and it never disappoints.This is by far the best pizza in the area! Tonight was my first time trying John's Place and it did not disappoint.  I have been getting frustrated by the lack of costumer service at other local pizza places in Fairmount, and decided to give this place a try. 
We ordered 1 large cheese pizza, fries, and a grilled chicken salad. The pizza was fantastic, not too salty, with crunchy thin crust. The fries were hot and delicious. As for the grilled chicken salad it was phenomenal. I ordered a large and it will definitely last me for at least 2 meals, it's impossible to finish in one sitting. It came with a roll which is always great to dip in the balsamic dressing which I ordered on the side... Is that weird?
Anyways... I can't finish this review without mentioning the fabulous customer service that I received from the phone call to the
pickup. With that being said, thanks Yelp for not leading me astray.Awesome homemade food menus. Breakfast and Llunch specials. Nice and kind waitresses. Cheap prices. Best food ever for this price. John's place have never disappointed my friends and me.Except to have typical American food here. When you walk in it feels like a normal pizza store you go to. I looked at the menu and the prices are relatively good for the area. The service was basic but a little more friendlier. The lady who works behind the counter is very nice and takes care of you if you have a question. I decided to eat in, knowing that I had no more classes for the day and that I had to take the train home, I ate in. I ordered chicken parm with spaghetti. When I cut into the chicken I excepted it to be alittle hard because at other pizza joint places they cooked the chicken hard. But considering that this is just a pizza place, it was pretty good. The chicken was moist tender but little bland. Most of the flavor came from the sauce and it was pretty good. The spaghetti was easy to bite into. It wasn't hard or overcooked it was good. I'm aware that most pizza shop products are frozen, but this place compared to other shops Ive been to, the difference is huge.  Let's be honest most people give pizza shops a low rating but this place is not like other shops. That's why I'm giving this place 4/5 stars.I don't understand the good reviews. This is some of the worst pizza I've had. School lunch quality. Tasteless sauce. Crust like cardboard. No redeeming value.John's has consistently good food, reliable delivery, and by far the friendliest service in the neighborhood.  I actually prefer to order over the phone because they're so nice. They remember your name and are very willing to customize orders. I highly recommend their pepperoni stromboli and any of their entree salads (you will get a lot more fresh vegetables than most pizza places). If you're feeling indulgent (or hungover) go for the mega fries. They use good quality dressing for their salads, and their lemon cake is pretty awesome as well. I have also eaten inside - the upstairs is a nice, renovated space where you can BYOB (and they'll provide wine glasses).  Main point - you will be pleased with the service and the food. I've been ordering from them for about 2 years and haven't been disappointed yet.We ordered their pizza and fried chicken combo yesterday, and have to say that that's the best delivery pizza we've ever had in town. The food is not very salty and too tasty so me and my hubby finished one whole pizza! The fried chicken is delicious too and we love it.I came across this restaurant on GrubHub and decided to try it out after seeing reviews on Yelp.  I was going to order online, but I wanted to customize it and decided to call in my order.  Most places have a minimum for delivery, $10.00 (the amount that displayed on the Grub Hub site).... thats fine, I have no problem with that.  However when I gave her my Art Museum address, I heard her relay it to someone else who said, tell her it'll be 45 minutes (again thats fine) ...then was put on hold.  She came back and then said  the minimum was $20.00 and is that ok?  No its not........completely absurd and not to mention pretty sleazy to try to make a few couple bucks on a delivery.  Sidenote: our business orders out every day so you just missed more than a few bucks, but ah who cares right?24 dollars for 4 pieces of bacon 3 hotcakes and homefries that taste like cardboard like seriously they are so easy to cook completely forgot food so I paid 4 extra dollars for the extra space in the platter I guess well never ordering from here again damn shame cause the hotcakes weren't bad but everything else and the price ill just wait for the papi store to open at 10 and spend 6 dollars for a hotcakes platter with sausages bacon and eggs lol over priced and the can't even get it right thank god for the papiStopped in to get a slice in between work and night class. Ordered the Buffalo Chicken slice-- pretty flavorful, yummy crust. Nothing fancy, but it hit the spot. 
But what really impressed me about this place was the customer service. The woman behind the counter was so nice! The slice totaled $3.50, and I only had $3 in cash or a card. She took the cash was fine and forgave the difference. She was also just generally really nice in offering different condiments for the pizza. 
It was refreshing to encounter such considerate service. I'll definitely be back for more pizza-- and with extra cash, to top!I love this place! The food is great and being byob is also a plus. The real reason I love it is because of the staff. Everyone is always very friendly, especially Beverley. She always makes me smile! She's super friendly and always nice to talk with. If you don't go for the food, at least go to enjoy her company.Prices are cheap, service is standard, food is easy, nothing fancy here. If you're looking for something to eat there's a lot to choose from- it's kind of like a deli and diner rolled into one. I think a breakfast sandwich is under $3- can't beat it.Always welcoming whether you order over the phone or pick up your order. They have the friendliest staff in the Spring Garden neighborhood of Pizza joints. Good pizza and reasonable prices. Always service with a smile! They have a large dining area and do breakfast lunch and dinner along with the obvious take out.I called just to order food this morning extremely rude and I hate yelling. Yelling and talking over me like you should never be that rude over the phone you work at a breakfast shop.THE friendliest restaurant staff in the entire city. You wouldn't know it from it's modest outside appearance but they also turn out some fantastic food. The pizzas are different than some of the other east-coast styles I've had here and that's a good thing. They use good ingredients and are very well priced. The sandwiches have fresh ingredients as well. I typically pick up their veggie cheeseburger special which is a large veggie burger (with your choice of toppings), a side order of either coleslaw, pasta salad, or potato salad, and a VERY generous portion of fries all for around just $7. The only complaint is that they can get a little overwhelmed during the lunch rush and it is sometimes difficult to even get through to their phone to place an order for pick up but that's only because their food is in such high demand around here. One of my favorites, here.Don't believe the good reviews because they must have been made by friends or employees. It took them an hour to deliver a pizza so needless to say it was ice cold. The pizza was as stale as week old bread. The toppings were virtually non existent. After all if you are charging $15 for a pizza I think there should be more than 12 pieces of pepperoni on it. Words can not describe how bad this pizza is. There is no way these are made fresh and I will never order from there again.I love this place! This is perhaps the best pizza place in Fairmount for me at least! Not only that but the lady who takes the order is the nicest lady, they also have me a puppy calendar one time when I ordered for delivery, I hung it up a my desk at work and it was a hit! Not only do they have great pizza but the wraps are delicious as well and the fries are always crispy!!! Love this place!Ordered a cheese steak with pepperoni and a large pizza w/mushrooms and sausage.  The cheese steak and pepperoni were good.  The pizza on the other hand was marginal at best.  The mushrooms were canned and the sausage was frozen.  I came here because of the prior reviews and was completely underwhelmed.  The people may be super friendly but the food was sub-par.Hands down my favorite pizza place in the city. Although I don't think I've ever actually had pizza from there. It wouldn't matter if the food blew, the owner and her daughter are two of the kindest people I've ever met. Luckily, the food doesn't suck! Last time I went in and they basically forced me to eat a sample of their sweet potato fries with honey mustard. I usually hate sweet potato fries. They changed my mind.
My only complaint would be that it is closed on the most random of times.John's Place has some of the best pizza in the neighborhood. Its not super greasy and they seem to use fresh ingredients. Their salads are also very good and huge. 
The main reason I choose to go to John's Place instead of the other neighborhood places is because the mother and daughters who run the front of the place are so very nice. I always leave thinking about how great they are and how they are always in a good mood. 
The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because the other food I've had there has been just okay, but if you are going for pizza, consider this a five star recommendation.Johns. BYOB. Breakfast all day. Good steak, solid pizza. MUCH better than city pizza and better priced.
This establishments best selling point by far is the genuine and awesome customer service. The servers and cashiers are always upbeat, and happy to cater to any requests you have.
You are missing the mark if you dont check them out at least once.Amazing food, great staff! If I could give more than 5 stars, this place would get it! Very warm and inviting place with lots of seating. Definitely recommend and definitely coming back!My favorite cheap delivery place!!! They have the BEST old bay cheese fries... i add mozz and cheese wiz to them but they are awesome!  The delivery people usually get lost but they call and are always really sweet.  Now their are for sure better places out their, but for the price... this place is top in it's category.  I'll update when I've eaten more food types but so far everything has been good :)I've tried several other pizza places with delivery downtown and John's Place leaves the others far behind. from their signature gourmet pizzas and great grinders to their super strombolis, this place totally rocks! I try to eat here at least once a  week when I'm in town.VERY nice family owned place.  Great pizza.  Definitely recommend for some food.  The owner was there and she is like your friends mom that everyone calls mom.  I really like it here.The best! It's an unpretentious place with warm, friendly service.I ordered pizza with onions and it came , hot, oozing, dripping cheese over a perfect thin crust. The onions were caramelized ever so lightly. I wanted more but restrained myself. You will not be disappointed.The delivery was very late so the food wasn't very hot. I was nomore than 10 mins away from this place in a car. The food wasn't that pleasant either and the communication was poor from the business. I contacted a yelp live agent who closed the chat on me. I won't be ordering from John's Place again and I am not sure if I'll use yelp delivery again.I work across the street from Johns and give the stars for the food. While good, breakfast is pricey but the service is what dissapoints. No longer eat in and order when I'm am just craving breakfast only because of the  woman behind the counter. Not the sweet owner or her daughters. The brown skinned woman who is just nasty in my opinion. Nasty when you call and worse when you come in to pick up. I believe in Customer Service. After all, we the PAYING ustomers, pay the bills and the salaries. No customers = no business. Went in today and she complained about a man calling to check on his order by saying, "we have the order...I wish he would stop calling". Not only was it too early in the morning to have to listen to that but I am your customer!!!!! Show respect, ask me how can you assist, and kill the attitude. People will call about their food! Ummmmm....you're answering the phone in a restaurant. I hope the owners read this and understand that people don't have to spend their money there. You may get a few good reviews here and there but the people and the service is what keeps the business. When you're spending your money, you deserve more than what this employee chooses to offer as customer service.I just walked out of there because as hungry as I am, (and my stomach hurts) I cannot take the attitude any more. No matter how nice I am to the lady behind the counter she is MEAN.  She gave me attitude for trying to pay for my food - I mean, really? I told her, without swearing or raiding my voice, to cancel the order and why, and she turned her back on me as I was speaking. I notice anyone of color who comes in seems to be taken care of.
The food is okay but overpriced,  and I will not be back despite the lack of alternatives in the immediate area. Life is too short for this crap.place is solid.. i've had them deliver a bunch of times, everything's always good, and i really don't have any complaints. gets the job done as a good bar food takeout spot. 
pizza's solid, apps are solid. breakfast sandwiches are dope too. think they killed a whole clan of miss piggies to stuff this much bacon onto one bagel... but i'm definitely not complaining . 
cool option ordering right from yelp... the hookup is realNot bad.  A homey little place for pizza and sandwiches. Beverly, the sassy waitress will bring you your order and a sunny smile.
The Red veggie pie (no sauce) was delicious and at $8.50 for a small was perfect for 2 of us to share.
Once time for lunch I had a tasty tuna melt. 
The dining room can get very crowded (and loud) at lunch time so come right at or before 12 noon to get a seat.
Oh - and that home-made Lemon Crunch cake looked mighty tempting.  Maybe next time...This place opens at 7:00 am so I wanted breakfast so I ordered.
1  Medium Traditional Pizza with 1 Topping  $ 9.50
1  Egg, Ham, Onion and Tomato Sandwich  $ 5.60
The medium pizza was good. Good Cheese, but very little sauce. The crust was crisp and it was an average pizza. For 9.50 there are better options as this pizza had almost no sauce so it couldn't be reheated without it becoming dry cheese bread. 
The sandwich was exactly what you would expect. It was a bit dry, the roll was good but I wasn't thrilled with it. Maybe if it came with some hot sauce or some type of sauce it would be a lot better. 
The delivery took about an hour, but I ordered a pizza at 7am so I expected it.This food is not edible, just through $50 a way just got a delivery everything was cold The Veal I Believe is microwave frozen dinner , I don't know where people would think this is a good place to eat at or have delivered everything was cold and not even worth eating spaghetti I believe they just poured a can of tomato sauce on overcooked noodles , very disappointingMy boyfriend and I were walking around looking for a little spot to grab lunch when we found this place. It's on the small side and very casual but definitely a good find. The cheesesteaks were really good (the best in Philly according to my bf, it was his first time visiting). I agree though that the cheesesteaks at John's are some of the best I've had. We sat in to eat lunch and the staff were very friendly and personable the entire time. We really enjoyed our lunch there and would go back again.Good pizza if you're looking for something quick and reasonably priced. I wouldn't say I crave John's Place, but it's good enough that I keep going back every now and then. Hoagies are good but nothing to write home about. I've been there a few times and the staff is always very friendly and accommodating.I'm really digging their pizza. And their french fries were cooked perfectly. There is nothing worse than limp french fries. Their fries were crispy with a little salt added. The pizza had a perfect cheese to sauce ratio. It was a little oily, but not to the point where oil was dripping off the end of the slice. 
The lady that took our order was nice, and laughed at the jokes my coworker made about me. But it was all in good spirit. 
What made the visit best was the fact that they had air conditioning.  Esp since it is close to 90° outside. Their pizza is better than some of the close competition pizza places nearby. Will be back again.I'm originally from the pacific coast of Ecuador, so it's safe to say I love seafood.  Stay with me here.  This is the best cheesesteak I've ever had.  When my parents moved to Philadelphia some 15 years ago, American culture baffled me quite honestly.  Traditions and foods that were all over the place.  One of the things I never understood was the craze around cheesesteaks, but now I get it.  Just add some ketchup, thanks.GrubHub and John's get me fed during the early morning hours.  They open at seven, and delivery can take a minute, but the food is always hot and comes as ordered.  The service I've encountered has always been polite and friendly.Simply amazing food and we went there for our anniversary and they treated us like we were gold. If you do not want to go to this restaurant to eat then you obviously are missing out on something. The service was exceptional the staff was very accommodating and everyone was so nice. Thank you very much and we will see you again soon. Frank and BerniceIf there was a zero star option this place would deserve it . Ordered a big delivery order and wow what a mistake . Didn't expect it to be great or even good, but Microwaved was a surprise. The chicken parm tasted exactly like the frozen dinner you get in the supermarket . The spaghetti was noodles with some cheap jar sauce thrown on top . I really don't see how this place has any good reviews .. Are ppl so used to shitty food that places like this actually get a pass ? I can't see how .. STAY AWAY at all cost .. Food is literally garbage since we basically threw everything away ..Pretty solid food, and definitely a lot of food for how much you're paying. I ordered a small pizza that definitely could have fed me and the two kids I was babysitting, and the cheese was abundant enough for 2 young, cheese-crazed children!
I also ordered the chicken wings (instead of the buffalo wings), and I received 4 fried chicken wings, very greasy, with thick breading and oil oozing out of the dish. The hot chocolates were made out of mix, and was very watery in the first 40 sips and then ended the drink with a glop of chocolate mix. 
Finally, the service was a little off; the woman at the front desk where you give your takeout order is extremely friendly, but my waitress was slow, a bit rude when she didn't hear what I said the first time, and forgot to give us straws/waters/ napkins.Haven't been to the shop yet, but have ordered delivery several times and they are really quick,the drivers are great and courteous.  The food is good, pizza is above average, and the fries are good, haven't gotten farther than that yet.  I'll keep ordering from John's for sure, easy,good and quick, take-out trifecta!Absolutely incredible pizza like nothing else you have ever had.  I went with the new York pizza which is a bacon chicken pizza with honey mustard.  Sounds weird but honestly like nothing you have ever tasted.  Go with the small pie more then enough for yourself I choked down a medium and I say choke because 6 slices in I was too full to finish but I wasn't going to let the pizza go to waste.  Debbie was so awesome one of the nicest people you will ever meet.  The genuine kind of nice.  You don't see many people like her still around.  Back to the food though the pizza was perfect and came out super fast not more then 15 minutes to wait for a sausage sub and a medium pizza.  Eat here you honestly won't regret it and go with the new York pizza.My favorite pizza place in the city. I just got a cheesesteak for the first time, so I'm looking forward to seeing what this will be like.Pretty good neighborhood pizza joint. Been there a few times with  no complaints. Price is a little higher than I would like but I chalk that up to being across from a TV station. I'm sure they all have money to spend. Honestly, the only thing that threw me off was the friendliness of the staff. I get freaked out when people are nice to me, and these people are really nice. Like, why are they smiling when they give me my food, did they do something to it? Well, being paranoid has its perks too I guess.I normally don't for this kind of food, but dam it is good.
A must go to place in Spring Garden. Sit-in or take-out enjoy!I received a salad with no salad dressing. It took the order an hour to get here so I didn't want to wait another hour for the salad dressing to be delivered. I contacted Eat 24 and all they did was send me a coupon to use at this restaurant again. I wouldn't order again from a restaurant that forgot have my order.I give John's Place 5 stars...so glad this restaurant is in my neighborhood. I frequently have their pizza and chicken cheesesteaks delivered...always hot, speedy service, very good taste. For a "traditional" hot breakfast, this is a hidden gem. Service is consistently  good, food is great....omelets are especially good...all at reasonable prices. It is  BYO, and there is a pleasant dining area upstairs. Sad to say, they are closed on Sundays.I am mackin' down on a Grilled Chicken Ranchero wrap and sweet potato fries right now and they are delicious!  The chicken actually tastes fresh and the marinade is really tasty.  The salads are ample, and if you order the shrimp one it has like 50 pieces of huge shrimp on it.  I'm sad they use canned mushrooms on their pizza, that's a huge pet peeve of mine, but if I wanted pizza I'd just go to Colosseo or City View.Grilled chicken wraps are my weakness. I selfishly find myself rating local delivery joints based on their selection of chicken wraps/sandwiches, because they're my signature Krissy-dish.
John's Place is my favorite delivery place in the entire neighborhood. It's a pleasant experience from the beginning phone call. The owner is extremely nice, and she's always willing to adjust my order to my sometimes strange requests, and never judges me for asking for an extra side of honey mustard sauce!
Their chicken wraps are SO good. The tortilla is light, so it doesn't add unnecessary thickness (or carbs) to the wrap, taking away from the goodness of the ingredients packed inside. I usually order the chicken and broccoli wrap, which also has bits of feta mixed in. Or, the honey mustard chicken wrap -- stuffed with huge chunks of chicken, honey mustard, smoked bacon, and Swiss. YES, PLEASE! Their chicken is not gristly or greasy, but fresh and plentiful. My peeve is ground up, gristly, and over-salted chicken. Woof. 
My friends usually order the pizza or strombolis, which have always been very flavorful in both toppings and crust. They also offer sweet potato fries, which are still somewhat rare for delivery places. But yes, they are delightful. And yes, you should order them with honey mustard sauce. 
I selfishly wish they were open on Sundays, especially after writing this review and craving their glorious wraps. Too bad it's Sunday.The entrance looked like a hole in wall but it opens to a large modern dining room with cozy areas. The food is good but it is basic diner. I would like to see some Hipster items added to menu like coconut milk, peanut butter, spinach, smoked salmon, "natural" or organic items. But for the price it is great and friendly.Best place on the block, hands down. And yes, they are super nice, but in a good way. I just wish they were open on Sundays, and past 9 the other nights.
By the way, the chicken fajita pizza kicks ass.We walked here from around the corner and the woman behind the counter, as tired as she admitted, was super pleasant. I grabbed a me ue and asked where to sit. She said anywhere and so we ventured up to the sizable seating area.
After deciding what to eat I went back to the counter where the woman was juuuuust getting ready to come take our order. Saving her the trip, the order was placed and back to my seat I went.
3 minutes later the food was out (see pictures) and it was devoured, quickly.  What an awesome find. If you want an alternative option breakfast other D&D, lunch or an early dinner, this is the place. 
Delish!!! Keep up the great service.I love the pizzaaa evry pizzza test best.  French fries nooo dosnt taste like nothings  to me.  Chicken   realy hood..again im in love whit them pizza.. 4 star only for  chese french friesJust ordered for delivery, for now 3 stars. The cheeseburger was pretty "packed down" - squished. The meat was kind of hard. The jalapeño poppers were good- personally more jalapeño would've been better. Delivery came fast!Friendly little place off Broad and Spring Garden.  Friendly staff delivers reasonably priced pizza/diner fare.  They claim this is "The Place Where Good Friends Meet!".  I imagine if I lived nearby I would frequent John's Place.  The name itself invites imagines of a local establishment.  You can hardly tell what they serve at "John's Place" unless you happen to be in the know.
The pizza slice was well portioned and the staff was more than happy to welcome a new face.  Would suggest to anyone in the area.Went in for breakfast on a Saturday morning - had higher hopes for this place based on the yelp reviews but was woefully unimpressed by it all. The food tastes like your family made it - not in a homey, comforting, nostalgic way, but more like on a day when they couldn't care less about making you food - bland, leftover, sparse and mushy while skimping on quantities and ingredients. The pancake definitely had an aftertaste of something chlorine-like, the coffee was weak, service was slow. Wouldn't go again. Two stars for decent prices and maybe location as the only breakfast place that isn't Dunkin Donuts on that strip of Spring Garden.This is a great spot for a quick sit-down lunch.  I've never had to wait to be seated and it doesn't take long for the food to arrive.  I prefer the veggie hoogies over their veggie pizza.Great breakfast food and COFFEE....I used to order from here on grub hub almost every morning(penny pinching)!! I just went last morning for a coffee in the breakfast hours. and to my excitement it was as good as my grub hub days!!Yelp, you done me right yet again.  We were in Philly for a job interview and were just randomly driving around downtown to get a feel for the area.  But then we got hungry and wanted to find a good local spot.  Quick Yelp search brought us here.  And what a great send-off.  I got a meatball hoagie which was delicious.  Tasty meatballs smothered in marinara and melty cheese.  Wifey got a cheesesteak with mushrooms which she said was divine.  The lady taking our order was super nice...in fact she tried to talk us into moving there.  It was a great sendoff.We ordered a large plain pizza and mega fries early in the morning. This place is half a mile away from where I live, and I wouldn't expect them to be busy with orders at such an early time. I didn't think this order could go wrong but boy it did. 
First, this took a whole hour. Really? It's literally a 15 minute walk away, and it took a whole hour for our food to get ready and delivered by car. When the food actually came, the cheese on the pizza was already becoming plastic-like, and there's barely any sauce on it. Couldn't even eat more than a slice. Boyfriend who can usually a whole pizza on his own couldn't either. Then the mega fries, we barely saw any bacon and it was just a ton of mozzarella with mediocre fries. I love mega fries but this one was the worst I've ever had. 
I spent way more than I had to for such an order and I definitely wouldn't order from here again, given the quality of this food and the surprisingly late delivery. I gave 2 stars because the people were pleasant when we called asking where our food was, and the delivery man was really nice, but otherwise this was a complete miss.Great breakfast! Service is always friendly and attentive. I recently ordered Chicken Parmesan dinner, salad, and garlic bread for 15 people. Delivery was prompt, meal was delicious! Their home made salad dressings are excellent! This is a family run business, serving delicious food, providing fast, friendly service....all great for very reasonable prices. I frequently have their pizza and cheese steaks delivered...also well prepared, delicious. So glad John's Place is in my neighborhood.Nice people, solid pizza. $2 a slice and they are HUGE. Very convenient to Spring Garden subway station and one of the cheaper options in Fairmount/Spring Garden area.Great food but delivery takes a long time (longer than expected 45-60 mins) when ordered through Seamless. And they overlooked the request for no onions on 2 different items out of 2 items ordered. That is such a buzzkill.It's nice to see places like this can survive in the hyper foodie market we have going on in Philly.  Not that there's anything wrong with amazing, artful, trendy food, but sometimes you need a slice of pizza, a stromboli, wings, old bay fries, etc.  This place does all of those foods really well, and the service is top notch.  These folks go out of their way to be pleasant and accommodate customers.  Check out their daily lunch and dinner specials too for a little price break.Pretty good breakfast Sammy at a good price. The service is quick and the food is made to order. Roll was a little stale but other than that it's a good option for a quick breakfast.I cannot attest to their table service, as I've only gotten delivery. However, every experience has been wonderful!
The driver always arrives before the low end of the estimated delivery time. The driver is always very courteous, even when clearly they've come a long way in cold weather. The food has been consistently excellent (and as hot as if it just came out of the oven). They have the second best pizza I've had in Philly (the top goes to NYPD, but I'm a New York transplant so nobody else had a shot). They have an excellent cheesesteak, not up to a Jim's, but close and they deliver. The bread is fresh, the meat is good (though the chicken was a little bland -- I added a little hot sauce and it was perfect), the cheese is ample. If you're ordering delivery, you can ask for Grilled Onions (or Fried Onions, as I guess they call them here) since it's not an option on any of the automated websites. They did it for me, no questions asked. 
The best thing so far is that my vegetarian girlfriend actually loved her veggie burger! Too many places use a mushy, flavorless patty that expands as you eat it, making you have mouthfuls of bread because the burger has just moved away. This veggie burger was EXCELLENT. 
We look forward to continued ordering from John's Place, and maybe some day with nice weather we'll even make the trek just to see what the in house environment is.I got the cheesesteak.  Solid all around place. wasn't horrible finding parking and plenty of seating inside. award winning pizza and the 3 other people that came in all got something different. Cheesesteak and ice tea, $11.90.This place is a sorry excuse for  a take out place. Number one rule in business, the customer is always right. now when a customer calls to explain to you that their order was not correct, regardless if i ordered from Grubhub, don't blame them, there were simple instructions, all they had to do was read them.. i was told because Grubhub did not charge me for those items they were not going to put it on there. A simple phone call should have been made to me the customer, asking if i would like to add this on, and i would have paid the difference in cash or put it on my card. is that so difficult to do?I've eaten here and taken out before. Both experiences were good. They have the usual pizzeria offerings. Everything is good and is cheaper than most places on Spring Garden which is great! Definitely good for a work lunch.The definition of "hit-or-miss".  On a random night you can get a really good pizza.  Don't ask about the other nights.
Old Man John doesn't seem too keen on keeping this place open much longer, and it shows.
I figured since John's is known for their breakfasts, I'd stop in and get a cup of coffee around 7am.  The miserable woman behind the counter pretended to not know what coffee was, then gave in and actually brewed some (open for breakfast, but not coffee apparently).
I received my coffee in a waxed large Coke cup with a soda lid, presumably so I could drink it with a straw.  Not too sure how those cups do with hot liquids, Johnny.  
Hopefully the college kids can keep you open, I won't help.  Best pizza of 2011 doesn't count for d*ck.Got some quick takeout using the Yelp Eat24 app, which I never used before (more of a Seamless guy myself). Easy enough to navigate, and waited just 10 minutes and my food was ready.
The philly cheesesteak pizza was damn good. The crust was very crispy, hot, and they definitely don't skimp on toppings. The "small" pizza was very sizable and more than enough for one person with a big appetite. I also tried the buffalo chicken sandwich, which is also massive. The chicken was fresh and came in huge chunks and the buffalo sauce with blue cheese dressing was unbelievably tasty. The lady at the counter was super friendly and even joked around with me for using the app to order takeout. She seemed to know everyone that came into the restaurant, which gave the joint a very familiar feel.  
Great place for a quick meal in the Fairmount area. The offerings are pretty unique and the service is always very friendly. It's definitely a neighborhood favorite and I'll be back again.I LOVE JOHN'S PLACE! Great food and good customer service. I also enjoy the cheesesteaks and french fries. When I have out of town guest I am sure to stop here.Terrible Delivery Service. It's not the restaurants fault and the food was fine but the delivery man directed me where to find him 1/2 block away from my apartment. He refused to get out of his car and I ended up paying for a delivery service that made me the delivery man. I should have tipped myself.I ordered the grilled chicken rancho on a wrap.
It came without provolone cheese which the order has as an ingredient.
The order was supposed to come with chips.
The chips were missing as well.
This was the first time that I have ever ordered from this place. When I called to make them aware of the mishap the manager got me confused with another customer who had called and complained previously. They stated that I'm always complaining when the order comes. HOWEVER THIS WAS MY FIRST TIME EVER ORDERING HERE SMH.
I made him aware of that. The manager seem to not care and didn't apologize at all. So the moral of the story is JOHN's PLACE DOESN'T CARE ABOUT THIER CUSTOMERS AND WILL NOT GIVE YOU WHAT YOU PAID FOR .
Sadly I would've just accepted an apology. 
Hey John's you owe me money.