My favorite breakfast sandwiches. Can't beat the price and quality. Cash only but there is an ATM in front of the location. They also have some great sandwiches for lunch. Love their roast pork. Very early hours to cater the working class for breakfast. Get there quick because they close at 3pm and are closed on Sundays.Johnnys hot it's pretty good there's nothing that's really bad there everything is pretty decent but the sausage is probably the bestThe best hot sausage around! Always good food and fresh rolls. Only giving 3 stars because of the customer service. I have to say the girls are very rude. When I go to the window the ask "what do you want" and I always feel rushed at the window. I understand it can be busy, but it's a hot dog stand. It's happened on numerous occasions and I continue to go back. But I must admit it eats me upQuick service and delicious, flavorful sausages made to order for a few bucks.  I'd rather eat here than other places that I've been that charge three or four times the amount for entrees.This place is great I recommend trying the cheeseburger with bacon. I recommend getting there early they close early during the week and even earlier on the weekends and closed on Sundays. Totally worth it. Everybody recommend the pork roll with cheese but it's a little salty, the bacon cheeseburger is definitely the best and they know me by name by now.The hot sausage/fish cake combo is outstanding, I have it with pepper hash, onions, relish, dark mustard. A true Philly classic and a tribute to the original Levy's hot dog/fish cake combo.Stopped in for the fist time today after a recommendation. I got the roast pork with spinach and it was great. They told me i had to come back for the hot sausage. I figured why wait. I ordered one and they did not disappoint. So after 2 sandwiches I'm off for a nap, full and happy.Hot sausage fish cake combo on steak roll with spicy mustard and pepper hash. That's livin'. Wish they were open nights and Sundays.Just had my first hot sausage here last week and it was amazing. There is usually a crowd here especially on a nice sunny day in spring but it moves fast. Cant wait to go back and try their breakfast sandwich.This place is awesome and adds to the unique makeup of this little pocket of Fishtown that I have come to adore. Food is ordered and served from the window, you can sit at a bench alongside the building looking at Penn Treaty park or stand at a stainless steel table and scarf down your meal. 
I primarily go to Johnny's for 3 things, breakfast sandwiches, chicken cheese steaks, or regular cheese steaks. Their fries are the crinkle cut variety and decent. 
The big plus with this place is that they are VERY inexpensive. I'm sure their lower than average overhead has something to do with this. 
A special treat is an Arctic Splash Iced Tea that seems to be a Fishtown thing. It takes me back to being a kid. 
I totally recommend Johnny's for a quick and tasty bite.Back at my per diem job for the week so we picked up lunch from here. Had the fishcake with an order of hot fries. Out of this world for the type of food you're getting. Can't wait to try the combo with the sausage.Back again. No matter where else I go I still crave Johnny's cheese steaks the most. Their cheese fries are pretty excellent as well, as is their fish cake combo. Something about a paper carton of iced tea makes the experience complete.
I cant say enough about their hot sausage, egg and cheese. Every time I eat one it reminds me of making them home with my dad, only Johnnhy's hot sausages are better than the ones I use.
Service is FAST!If i could eat here everyday i would. Been going here ever since i started working in the neighborhod ( which has changed in the last 10 yrs or so) 20 yrs ago . I started going to the original spot and i always remember a line waiting ( well worth the wait) . The neighborhood has changed but not Johnny Hot,s  . Still as good as the first time i ate there.Johnny's Hots is a childhood food staple for the Lewis Family. My father God rest his wonderful soul, he would take us when were children to the original spot right by the docks of the water and we would have the BEST hot sausage fully loaded toppings and enjoy the flavors of this incredible sandwich. Then we have done the same with our children and I know the tradition will carry on as long as Johnny's is doing business.Best hot sausage that I've ever had ! It's a must do for anyone looking for real Philly food !Hands down best egg and cheese (I get sharp and fried onions) I have ever had. I don't know if it's the quality of the roll (great), the sharp cheese (excellent) or the flavor of the grill that makes this sandwich so good, but I get it fairly often and it never disappoints. I love that they don't write down orders here, it gives such authenticity and novelty. Johnny is a real man who is really going to make your food, or one of the wonderful ladies that work there will. It's just Johnny and a bunch of babes and they work like a seamless team. The classic order here is the egg and hot sausage. I've never gotten it, but I've heard it ordered countless times. I'm going to guess that their cheesesteak is great, also never tried it. I don't really think you can go wrong here, one of those small menus where everything is good.I went there for breakfast and was not impressed. I ordered a pork roll egg and cheese, it was ok. I was excited when reading the reviews and finally thought I found a good breakfast place in Philly.  It was not terrible. They offer toppings such as spinach and broccoli rabe which is a nice addition for your sandwich. I would probably go back, but I still hope to find that perfect breakfast sandwich spot in Philly!Red Hot was sloppy good!  Food stands are always fun and while traveling its always great to get a little local flavor.This little Hot Sausage stand, sells the best hot sausage sandwich period! They have a little kick to them so if your a wuss these aren't for you! Also their spicy fries will leave tears in your eyes because they are really hot! I can't drive by this place without stopping. There is always a line but the workers are fast I've never waited more then 5 minutes for my hot sausage and fries! Same great quality for years. Hopefully they don't ever close, if anything they should expand.I love Johnny hots!   Best hot sausage and breakfast sandwiches in the city.  Everyone is real nice and it's fast!  I will always come here for a quick bite!Good sausage, fresh rolls, pretty good prices how could you go wrong? This is a drive up, grab a sandy and roll type of place. I like the hot sausage with kraut and fried onions (specify fried onions otherwise you get a bunch of thickly chopped raw white onions in your kraut). This place is a contractor favorite so at lunch time be prepared to muscle in for a sausage. Their breakfast sandwiches seems pretty popular as well. If you're down there at the casino or the rock gym and you lost all your rent money or scaled a 5.10 bouldering problem and want a spicy pick me up or a reward for all your hard work head over you won't be disappointed(at least until the heartburn sets in...) It's worth it.Best breakfast sandwich's period.  Bacon , egg, and cheese or try the hot sausage, egg,and cheese.  Best hot sausages (Hot's) around.  Excellent Roast Pork, spicy fries with cheese.  And surprisingly he has an excellent cheessteak.  (not better than Dalessandro's but dam good)t  Tough to beat and I am Philly born and raised!Favorite restaurant ever! In fact it's not a real restaurant but the food is just as good I just wish it were a little closer. I used to get the same thing all the time but I introduced my girlfriend to the place and I've tried new things since. The pork roll everyone talks about us salty but good.These reviews honestly must be from johnnys friends, I mean be serious....he doesn't even know how to cook a damn egg, the fries r never down right, it's just become an assembly line of turning out bad sandwiches time and time again and he knows it, but people keep buying the crap.Considering the limitations of a takeout place that doesn't have indoor seating, Johnny Hot's offers a great product, for an amazing price, with unbelievable fast service. Recommended for breakfast and lunch. It's great to take your sausage to the park across the street and enjoy.Each time I've eaten there, I've had a smile afterwards! The roast pork with broccoli  rabe was super tasty! Even their plain hots on a roll are awesome. Today, I had a hot-fishcake combo with kraut & mustard - I have a new addiction! You walk up, order and are back about your business within minutes. If you stand at a counter to eat, some good people watching to do.It doesn't get any better than a hot sausage and fishcake sandwich. Who knew that this was such a delectable pairing of meats? (is fish a meat?) Additionally, Johnny's is right next to Penn Treaty Park so you can enjoy your sandwich while taking in the gentle aromas of the Delaware!
My only concern is that I didn't choose the right condiment. I got cocktail sauce which was pretty good, but I'm anxious to try different combinations. 
I bet this place would do a killing if it were open late, but sadly it is only open for breakfast and lunch.Best hot sausage, egg and cheese sandwich in the world. Also, the most underrated cheesesteaks as well. My favorite in the city. Try their wacky fish sandwich (I forget the name); it's really unique and deliciousThis is my favorite lunch spot in the area.  It's quick, fresh, delicious and priced right.  The hot sausage and roast pork sandwich are my favorites.I've been coming here since the father owned it and it was across the street. The food is awesome the hot sausage sandwich is so proper they open early and closer early so keep that in mind. Steak egg and cheese is really good and the long hots are nice and spicyGood food, quick service and very reasonable. Stopped in for a bite before hitting the Casino with my girlfriend. Had a steak and some fries and I was all set ! Very good! There are no tables so, you gotta either take it with you or they have built in counters you can rest your food on. They close at 3:00 so get there early !My experience at Johnny Hots: I pull up to a tiny little stand off Delaware ave. It's populate with a bunch of guys standing around, mostly cops and construction workers, and a few people who have walked over from nearby. The menu has several sandwich options, but everyone seems to be ordering cheesesteaks and "the combo." I ordered the combo, a hot sausage topped with fishcakes on a white roll. I also got onions, long hots, and spicy mustard. My sandwich came out lightening fast, it was waiting for me even before I could put my change in my wallet.
The sandwich was good, and I scarfed it down pretty quickly. I didn't love the combination of sausage and fish cakes. The fish cakes have an okay taste, and the texture of scrapple. I did like the sausage, but nothing was amazing here.
Bottom Line: It's a good place, but not amazing. If I remember correctly, the hours are only breakfast and lunch during the week, and that makes it hard to eat here. The whole operation is really quick in and out, and it's proximity to 95 could make it a good stop if you needed to grab something before hopping on.Johnny's is a fun stop with a great drive up feel.  Try the Egg and Cheese and Hots (sausage) with fryed onions, for breakfast, it's a eye opener! 
Their Coffee is pretty bad for a Truck Stop type place but the grub is good stuff !I've tried this place twice after my boyfriends incessant praise of it.
I hate it.
The first time, I got hot sausage, long hot peppers, and egg on a long roll. It was gross.
The second time, I tried something a little more my style, eggs with roasted reds and provolone. It came on a round roll. I took one bite and made a face. I thought, "why do I just taste egg yolk?" I looked and realized the eggs were FRIED* and broken. That's the way they do them, apparently. I couldn't stand more than two bites. The rolls aren't even good.
*I capitalized fried so you would know...fried, fried. Dripping with grease.Love Johhnys. Best Broccoli Rabe around since my Dad's. I put it on everything. Go for the breakfast hot-egg-cheese. A classic. For lunch, its all good....steaks, pork, and the meatballs!! Love Johnny Hots!Have to try there hot sausage with just sauce its out of this world. No one does hot sausage like Johnny Hots. Even there sausage, egg and cheese on long roll are good to.I got the sausage and fish cake combo with the Arctic Ice Tea. The sausage was one of the best I've ever had...very flavorful, nice spicy kick to it. The bun was also perfect..nice chew to it and not soggy at all. The fish cake was probably my least favorite part...it was kind of mushy and had the texture of a falafel. But, I can see why they include it in the combo...it's probably used to ease the spice of the sausage.Five days later, complicating my regular hot combo fixation, it has come to my attention through a shameful repetition of "lemme get one more bite," about six times, that Johnny's Hots makes quite the good cheese steak. Quite.Great place to stop for a quick breakfast sandwich and coffee on the way to work. I always swing by when I;m working over that way.One of my favorite go to spots every time I have guests in from out of town. The hot sausage here is as good as it gets, and on the rare occasions I try something else on their menu, it's also been amazing. If you live in Philly, and don't know this place, you should question your whole existence.This is a long standing Crave location.  Can't get this food anywhere but here.  The Philly Combo, a hot dog or hot sausage with a fried fish cake stuffed in the roll is a must-have!  Folks, it seems so simple, but believe me when I tell you you cannot make this at home.  It won't taste the same.Best Pork Roll, Egg & Cheese sandwich you will ever eat. A regional gem for authentic Philly eats.  
I'll be back for a visit soon and I think about these sandwiches prior.  You cannot get Taylor ham everywhere and people non-natives have no idea what they are missing.A very kind gentle man. Told me Johnnys is Open.. I can now resume my love for the BEST Hot Sausage in Philly..It is rare that I am amazed, but wow is this place good! I would compare this to the first time you have sex, smoke crack or win the lottery. I had the hot sausage/Fishcake with onions, hash and spicy mustard. It was instant euphoria. I almost wish I never came here because I will never be able to eat another hot sausage from anywhere else again. Like a dope fiend loves the needle, I fell in love today.
#JOHNNYHOTTSADDICTHave been here before and have had great Cheese Steaks. Went today and was given a roll with a slab of meat between it. Not chopped and just folded over. When I asked when they stopped chopping the steak, I was told "I don't know what he does. He does it different everyday." I told her I could make this at home with Steak-ums. Out $7.75 and will never return.Disclaimer: Johnny's Hots was my first 'true' Philly cheesesteak experience as an out-of-towner... came across it online since it got 2006 Philly Best Cheesesteak award so thought it was a good place to start. Yeah I get that tourists and locals have different preferences when it comes to food (especially local specialty foods like cheesesteak) so I won't claim to know what's good and what's not.
Weekday around 1pm, drove up to this corner concrete building and it felt more of like a super small drive-in without the actual "drive-thru".  The private lot can hold about 4 cars, otherwise it's street parking. Benches line the side of the building & unappealing concrete wall, or you'll have to perch yourself on the numerous SRO counters.
For $6 straight, got the cheesesteak with everything on it.  The meat was decent, but didn't realize it had so much ketchup/mayo and jalapeno.  The sauces from the footlong dripped everywhere as I took each bite. Took maybe two minutes from time of order so service was ok.
While eating, a steady number of locals seem to come and go... so it definitely appeals to many ppl. It's too bad half my friends who had the same order ended up with upset stomachs later that night... I was fine though.
Food: 3/5
Decor: 2/5
Service: 3/5
Value: 4.5/5Stopped in again for lunch Friday. Hot sausage was good as always. Tried the fries for the first time. Probably some of the best I had. They were typical frozen crinkle cut but very flavorful! Not sure what oil try fried in but they were tasty! Counter girls very friendly as well. I'll be back.So, so delicious.
I had a pork roll sandwich from Johnny's the other day and it was really excellent. It was a pretty big sandwich for around four bucks. The pork roll was sliced thinly, which I hadn't seen before but really really liked. It was perfectly griddled with a little of that wonderful porky caramelization that I always look for, the roll was fresh and the cheese perfectly melted. 
Service was really quick, but not rude or rushed like many similar establishments. All of the employees I encountered were very pleasant and seemed very happy. It's my understanding that this is family-owned and operated as well, which is a huge plus for me. Someone told me recently that the chicken cheesesteak is excellent there as well, so I'll have to try that next time.Decided to try this place out for lunch today. Best hot sausage sandwich I've ever had, with some pepper hash and fried onions! Found myself a new lunch spot in Fishtown!This place has the best hot sausages.
We got to Johnny Hots around 10:30 in the morning and first ordered a famous Johnny Hots breakfast egg sausage on a roll.  Big mistake.  It was an ordinary breakfast roll sandwich.  Luckily I felt disappointed and decided to order the "Infamous" Johnny's Hots sausage.  No disappointment there.  World's greatest.
I first heard of Johnny's Hot through Hollyeats dot com.  He rated the cheesesteak with 5 grease stains.  I, myself, thought otherwise.  The cheesesteak was just OK for me.
If you ever get a chance to try the sausage, do it.Great hot sausages and hot dogs. Rolls are amazing. Love the hot sausage with cooked onions and ketchup!
Great staff.Steak, egg and cheese sandwich or a cheesesteak, all I've ever ordered.  My amigo swears by the hot sausage, but my stomach won't allow to me eat any hot sausage.  
Great for a quick bite to eat, you'll have your food prepared fresh in under 5 minutes.An old favorite from breakfast to lunch , always great food quick service a staple on Delaware ave. Can't go wrong with anything miss not stopping there.From white chilli to underated cheese steaks, don't forget to combo . Stop by don't blink you will miss it .A Real Philly Landmark...I know there are a few good cheesesteak's made in Philly make a quick stop over at Johnny' Hots and picked up up a cheesesteak with Wiz and American cheese with longhots.  The sandwich was cooked to perfection the cheese' were melted nicely and the roll was fresh and perfect for this type of sandwich. So from this are or not it's a place you must stop for lunch or breakfast. And if you don't know what an Italian long hot is have them added to your order, spicy hot pepper roasted in oil.  Try one on your breakfast sandwich.I travel up to Philly every year for vacation & I normally don't arrive until late but this year I knew I would be arriving early and I wanted a decent breakfast. I checked yelp and this place kept popping up so I figured I'd give it a try. This is one of those blink and you'll miss it kind of spots but it is worth the search! This place is a no frills, order at the window, eat standing up spot that is absolutely delicious! The sausages are amazing and they definitely own up to the name. If the straight off the grill sizzle doesn't get you than the spicy flavor of the hot sausages will. The sausages are pretty big and considering what you pay for them they are a bargain. Parking is sparse but even if you have to park around the block Johnny's Hots is worth it!Can anyone tell me if Johnnys has closed for good.. there telephone number has been discontinuedmmm one of my favorite places to eat, everytime I go towards Philly before 330 I make it a point to stop in for my favorite bacon cheeseburger.  Mike cb,kGood cheese steak sandwich and great prices.The service was fast and friendly. If you are looking for a tourist trap, look elsewhere. This is true food from true people.My husband is in love and it's not with me. He's moved onto another. Her name is Johnny Hots. If you see him , tell him we miss him but we understand. Those sandwiches are good.Few years ago i had a big project in fishtown, and stumbled on this place.  Spent a few months grabbing breakfast and lunch here, and it is one of my favorites now.   occasionally, I'll go out of the way just to grab something usually a cheesesteak w/sharp prov. Awsome place, clean, good staff,  just all around well run place!!!I love this place. Food, service, location....outstanding. It's a wonderful place, operated by cool people who make awesome sandwiches. It's definitely not to be missed.
Observation: Orders are usually completed in the order they were placed. If you order and there are other people standing around waiting who have all obviously ordered before you - why hover at the pick up window expecting the next sandwich to be yours?  
Frickin' wackadoos.For the record - Rhon d. wrote that I rated Johnny's cheesesteak Five Grease Stains.  Not totally accurate. While I said, and maintain, it is "one of the best in the city," Johnny's received it's coveted Five Grease Stains for its overall excellence.
Egads. I've posted to Yelp.Your home fries are like playing basketball with Jesus good. Life changing experience. You guys are the best!!!!!!When these early birds are heading outta town at the crack of dawn, our breakfast ideas usually involve a quickie stop at Johnny's Hots for some sandwiches to go. Hot sausages and fishcakes on a roll, first thing in the morning? Uh huh! Wooo hoooo, we're on vacation! We do as we please, see? 
As I'm not a Philly native, the fishcake-hot sausage sandwich was a new and curious combination for me. Well, we're ole buds by now and Johnny's Hots is where I get them. The thought of this breakfast of champions can send hankerings running amok. If I lived closer, it'd be a regular thing, I betcha. A real habit.
I love the snap of the spicy sausage as it sends the creamy fishcake mushing out of its crisp-ish casing with every bite. Safely and securely housed on a hefty roll with pepper hash, brown mustard, and onions; this delicious concoction is flavor melding at its finest. The hot sausage fishcake combo is one of my favorite things to eat in all of Philadelp-i-a, and oddly I seem to get down with em most as we're leaving the city for a spell. I like to leave on a good note, I guess.Freshest sandwiches around.  Rolls never stale - made to order with quality ingredients. Fast service.  Cash only.  Scrapple egg and cheese on a long roll will start your day right.Had the hot sausage with fried onions and long hots and it was outstanding.  $5 total and good enough to fill you up.  Place just feels like Philly.This has become a staple of my diet since I moved back to Fishtown. I know it's probably not good for my summer body that I'm still working on (life long progress) but this is a good addiction. The hots are absolutely the best for breakfast or lunch and top that off with the spicy horseradish sauce, you will be in heaven! If you want to be more daring then get it with the fish cake!
Fries are always crispy and the home fries is out of this world! The staff, I can't say enough, love them!!! So friendly, makes me smile and I love that they get to know you.I think the hot sausage fish cake combo is still kicking around my stomach from a week ago.
While Philly is known for the cheese steak and roast pork sandwich, the wiser choice is hunting down Johnny Hots, where you can not only get the above, but get atleast the fish cake sandwich....adding the hot sausage will only make it better.
My life changed on Monday when i was taken to Johnny Hots.  Let it change yours too.Have been here before and have had great Cheese Steaks. Went today and was given a roll with a slab of meat between it. Not chopped and just folded over. When I asked when they stopped chopping the steak, I was told "I don't know what he does. He does it different everyday." I told her I could make this at home with Steak-ums. Out $7.75 and will never return.Absolutely the best sandwiches in Philly! Johnny's has been around a long time. It's a fave spot of truck drivers, laborers, union workers  and business people. The hot sausage is the best according to my husband. ( I don't eat hot sausage) He loves the hot sausage, egg and cheese. My son eats hot sausage with pepper hash.
I love the fish cake sandwich with pepper hash! The fish cake has a soft filling and is deep fried to a nice crunchy exterior. It is delicious! 
What is pepper hash you ask? Well it's a Philly thing! It's chopped peppers, onions in a light vinegar sauce similar to cole slaw but without mayo. It gives the sandwich that little extra kick.
Johnnys also does an award winning cheese steak, hot dogs and some other things. They have fountain sodas and tastykakes too.The Hot Combo - one of the best sandwiches in the city - a smoked hot sausage with a fishcake smashed on top with fried onions and mustard. 
Just man up and get it. You're welcome.Been by this pace 100 times but just popped in for a quick lunch and I mean quick. Ordered the hot sausage with onion and pepper relish delivered in under a minute and was fantastic. Next need to try the fish cake and sausage. Under 8 bucks for lunch!!!Solid spot with arguably the best hot sausage in the city that totally gets ruined with their antiquated sharp breakfast cutoff. On this one, even McDonald's has gotten the memo. Having a food truck in the family for three generations now, we stopped this garbage 15 years ago. Maybe you sell out of home fries, who cares. Maybe you don't offer the full menu. But to not throw two eggs on the grill for a customer who wants an hot sausage egg and cheese because it's 11:01 instead of 10:59 sparks the kind of Michael Douglas Falling Down rage that has ruined many breakfasts.  I'm sure grill real estate is so precious as to have to reject customers and send them to one of your other competitors which they've done multiple times in my case. Exhausting. It's not like they close at ten at night... they're done at two or three I. The afternoon!  Get rid of your lunch / breakfast cutoffs and you're a five star spot. Or keep chasing customers away cause you're so busy I guess. Your choice.Sausage always good, but I hate a day old rollSo I saw an article the other day about how Johnny's Hots had PA's best hot dog and I just had to come try it myself. I've driven by and walked by this place tons of times whenever I'm heading to Penn Treaty but never stopped by until now.
I went during breakfast hours so I got grabbed hot dog with ketchup and relish and also a scrapple egg and cheese because I can't pass up any scrapple opportunities. I wasn't disappointed! Scrapple was crispy on the outside and perfect amount of softness on the inside. The hot dog was pretty good too - especially the bun!!! Was it the best in PA? Not to me, but it certainly ain't bad!
I'm definitely coming back to try a hot sausage and a cheesesteak paired with an artic splash!Every time I go running along Delaware Ave, I have to seriously fight the urge to give up and get a hot combo at Johnny's Hots. The sausage is bursting with flavor and is spicy like a sausage should be. The bun is fresh and is full-bodied enough to withstand all the umph from the sausage. The fish cake on top doesn't look like much, but its salty goodness really drives the whole thing home. One might feel out of place standing in line here if they are not a trucker or other blue collar worker, but this is some real high quality stuff, and they shouldn't get to have ALL the fun.
You may have a desire to get a cheesesteak here after seeing that Philly Mag rated it the best in the city in 2010. Do not do this unless you enjoy the feeling of disappointment. If you're going to be on Delaware/Columbus anyway, might as well head south and make a stop at John's Roast Pork.This place is almost never open and its location is horrible but the sausage sandwiches are a treat. The hot combo is a lovely version of the Philly surf and turf (a smushed fish cake and a hot sausage on a roll). The mild flavor and creaminess of the fish cake mellows the piquancy of the hot sausage, and the bread is chewy but not too chewy. 
The free toppings include "pepper hash," a coleslaw-like melange of shredded (mild) peppers and cabbage, which I find adds a pleasant crunch and touch of acidity. I also like long hot peppers and broccoli rabe on my sandwich, and you can (and should) get provolone on everything.
In sum: if you're in the area around lunch time, get a hot combo with pepper hash, pickles, mustard, and long hots, a drink, and go to Penn Treaty Park to sit by the old power plant and watch barges part the unctuous ripples of the Delaware River.Good spot - ran into it and it's hidden in Fishtown area. Hot dog was good and made to order.Always hits the spot! Love getting breakfast sandwiches from here for me and my coworkersGreat food, nice staff and Johnny's always a great host! My favorite quick fast n in a hurry place!