The best soon-dubu in the city!  This place is tucked away and once you walk in, it's like you've stepped into a Korean home.  Very welcoming, warm and inviting.
It's very vegetarian friendly!  The soft tofu is stewed and put into the dol sot pots which each and every stew feels like it's custom made for you. 
You can select from beef, seafood or mixed meats (seafood & beef), mushroom, and just plain.  They can adjust the spice as needed too.  I always get the extra hot with the hot temperature, can't beat it.  The rice also comes in a dol-sot which is great if you leave it in for a while, it burns the rice into a nice crispy shell.  DROOL.
Just thinking about this place makes my mouth salivate!  
If you're not into tofu, they also offer korean bbq meats (cooked in the back), with other soup/stew items.
Love this place!!!The best ten dollar lunch in America, hands down. Banchan city, crack that egg into your volcano like five pepper pork soft tofu and go crazy. The parking lot scares me, but the place is the best. Go there. Staff not so much miserable as maybe not fluent? I dunno, I always figure it's because I'm a round eye.We drive out of town to Philadelphia just to eat here. We have been here many times over the past 5 years. I can only say that the tofu soup (and everything else)  here always tastes so good. They always get the spiciness right, and we have never had a complaint here! This is a must-try in Philadelphia if you're a fan of Korean food.For what it is I think it's fantastic. The menu is very limited.
The service: 4/5
The service was fair but I wouldn't necessarily say it was incredible. I didn't experience anything special with their service but most importantly I didn't have any complains.
The food: 3/5
Due to the size of the menu, your selections are very limited. I wasn't a fan of any of the apps except for the korean pancake. The kimchi and side dishes I thought were pretty fair. The soft tofu there I thought was pretty good especially for $10. But on top of that the level of spiciness you can request is awesome! The protein in the soft tofu I think are lacking and it's very subtle. You'd forget what you had ordered because their would be only one or two pieces. 
The atmosphere: 5/5 
The interior design of the restaurant is fantastic. It gave a more authentic korean dining experience. 
The tofu house is a cute establishment and a great quiet spot to take a date or a small group of friends out to. I have gone back multiple times and enjoyed myself each time.Good food!!! Parking lot!!! Ok service. Limited English staff so it's a point and nod kinda place.My favorite place to get soft tofu and the seafood pancake! My dad doesn't like tofu so he gets the barbecue beef which he claims to be delicious! 
My family and friends all like coming here for gatherings. The decor reminds me of an Ancient Korean drama with its wooden benches, calligraphy and masks hanging on the walls. The waiters and waitresses are dressed in korean outfits too. It's pretty cute! My parents also like that they are able to communicate with some of the waitresses who also speak chinese.I love this place!  The side dishes come out fast, and they are very fresh.  The service is good too.  For the amount of food you get, you can't beat the price.  $10 for the most yummy tofu stew.This place has become one of my favorites! I am always here with friends and its so close to a few of our houses so its perfect. I've even brought the family over to try it and they enjoyed it very much. I've tried many things on their menu and most are very good but my go-to-favorite is my Kimchi Beef, medium spicy. So delicious and worth the money. A must try for anyone looking to try something new whether you like it spicy or not, since you tell them how you want it. I rarely give five stars but this place deserves it - wonderful staff as well, always polite and a pleasure to be back.If you like soon do bu (soft tofu soup with meat), I highly recommend this place. I couldn't give it 5 stars because there was not enough meat. I got the seafood tofu and there was like 2 shrimps and 2 clams in the entire soup. Soon do bu was only $10 for any kind (maybe that's why there wasn't much meat?). Broth is delicious. I recommend cracking the raw egg and mixing it  into the broth. 
I also got the galbi, it was really flavorful!Came on a Tuesday evening with some friends. Place was pretty empty. As always, we ordered the soon dubu which is a must if you come here. The tofu is so silky and soft. We ordered the seafood soon dubu. There was barely any seafood (two shrimps, two oysters, two mussels). We also ordered the jap chae, the kalbi, Beef dolsot, and the seafood pancake. I would return for the soon dubu, everything else was okay.Soon doo boo is really good but don't order anything else..
their portions are super small, and pricey~
p.s. alright yelp...time to filter this one too right?I can't believe I haven't wrote a review yet. I've been going here faithfully for over 6 years. The soft tofu has never let me down! I get it spicy and crack in the egg while boiling. I love spooning off the burnt rice from the hot rice bowl. Waitresses are always very polite and replace side dishes if you eat them (love the spicy cucumbers, radish and soy beans) I will always continue to come hereThis is a place for tofu soup. If you haven't tried it, this is the place to start. It equals the best in NYC (I have not been to Korea...) Sizzling hot and delicious. If you like soup, do not miss this place.
For under $10 a bowl, served with piping hot rice and pan chan (small side dishes the Koreans serve with most meals) it is an amazing value. My wife and I order two bowls and take home half of one most times. For $25 including tip you can have a dinner unrivaled anywhere. Plus this place is BYOB with no corkage fee.
The atmosphere here is quite sophisticated. The restaurant is decorated with primitive Korean farm implements -- most look like they belong in a museum. It is quite beautiful, yet very relaxed. What else at these prices.
They have Korean BBQ too, but I have not found these dishes up to the other places in the Korean section of North Philadelphia (see Seo Ra Bol)Finding this gem was seriously fate. Moving away from a place where all kinds of Asian food, including Korean food, were so easily accessible, I never expected to be 10 minutes away from such a heart warming meal! Hot steamy tofu soup...I love you so much! 
The soup itself is very flavorful; one of my friends from home even thought it was better than what we could find in California! Per usual, the assortment of banchan was equally gratifying. Spicy kimchi, pickled cucumbers, bean sprout salad, pickled daikon, seaweed salad, oh my! I love it all. I've also tried their Japchae on two occasions. While I'd still order it again, its slightly too oily for my taste but I'll take what I can get in the Philly suburbs!
I do wish their parking lot was bigger or maybe better structured but that won't stop me from coming back. I will visit this place time and time again because it helps transport me back home and who doesn't like a hot bowl of soup for those cold winter nights? :)Delicious!!!
Although kind of a long distance away from the city, it was well worth it. Located near all the korean businesses is this tofu house. Outside is not that appealing, but indoors looks very korean styled and old fashion. The staff was very attentive and we got our food fairly quick. Since it is known as a tofu house, I of course got the tofu dish. I got the seafood one which had shrimp and a good spice. The side dishes were pretty yummy, it was great with the tofu dish. I probably would come back here for more tofu dishes, although far... 15 minutes or so is paris baguette and h-mart. Highly recommended!Their tofu soup is the best.  They matched Tofu House in California, if not better.  The soup is very tasty and has the right flavoring.  However, their BBQ beef is not so good, a little too sweet.Everything about Jong Ka Jib Soft Tofu rulez. Seriously.
Getting a bowl of pipping hot soft tofu, chalk full of at least 5 different types of mushrooms, and colored a bright, crimson red (...you know for 5 stars) is a real mouth opener, eye opener, smile inducer. 
You'll be so happy after eating here that you'll probably want to move to Korea...so much so that it wouldn't matter which one.This restaurant is my korean favorite one. 
I usually order the beef BBQ and the soft tofu soup.I guess I should write a review after coming here like half dozen times. Soondoobu is real good here. I mean that's their specialty. I even had it in LA and it is comparable if not a little better.  All the other dishes though, they all pretty much suck, although my dad always gets this platter with various vegetables that you put some sauce in...i dont know. If you like tofu, or spicy things, you should def give this place a try. The other reviews here are pretty informative, just adding my 2 cents.Soft tofu jigae. Awesomeness and with great rice.very authenticthe seafood soft tofu bowl was really tasty although I wish it had more seafood...i would skip the bbq chicken though at it was pretty plain tasting.....would be great on a cold rainy dayI never was into Korean soft tofu much until I frequented this place. Inexpensive, simple 4 or 5 main  selections, levels of spiciness. Simply perfect.Best Korean eats in Philly.  Period.  
Good(s):
Awesome soondubu.  Perfectly seasoned. Plus you get hot stone rice.
Hot Stone Bibimbap w/ mountain sprouts/greens - unlike what you can get anywhere else.  
Bang for the buck - 5/5 stars for great value
Bad(s):
The drive to get there
Every trip to Elkins Park H-Mart will be accompanied with a stop for soondubu here.You wouldn't know it from driving by, but this truly is as good as it gets.  It's the perfect setting to eat the most delicious Korean food you'll ever have.  Shortly after you're seated, you'll be brought hot tea or barley water (depending on the weather) and shortly after that they'll bring out several small dishes full of delicious things to munch on while you wait for the food you ordered.  I would recommend getting the soft tofu soup, which comes out boiling in a cauldron.  It also comes with a cauldron of white rice.  The best part is eating the rice that gets crispy along the sides of the dish that it comes out in.  The soup is so good that as soon as I'm not stuffed after eating it, I want more. You may not think that you like Korean soft tofu soup, or even soft tofu for that matter - but you haven't tried it at Jong Ka Jib!Everything good they say about this place is true, so saying anything else about it would be redundant.  Other than to say that their mul and bibim naeng myeon are the best I've ever had.
Also, you don't *need* a car to get there.  From Center City you can take the 47 bus and walk about 5 blocks, or the Broad Street Line to Fern Rock then take the 70 bus, which drops you right at the corner across from the restaurant.  Also, the Melrose Park regional rail line is close by.One of my favorite Korean restaurants in the area.  I have a friend that has to go once a week to get his Soondubu (soft tofu soup) fix on.
The place is famous for its soon dubu, and soon dubu is one of my favorite Korean dishes that does not involve meat. They give you alot of choices for what to put in the stew, I almost always get everything which is: Tofu, Beef, Shrimp, Clam, Oyster.  The stew is very very hot when it comes out and you have to put the raw egg in when it first comes out. The taste is indescribable because it is good.   They give you a choice of how spicy you want it, I always get the very spicy.  The side dishes (ban chan) is always good and they give you alot.  Also if you want a appetizer I would recommend the BBQ squid which is marinated in gochujang (korean chili paste) it gives it a sweet and spicy kick and also the hae mool pajun (seafood korean pancake).  I also love at the end how you can put the tea into your rice bowl and get a the crispy rice since the rice is served in a hot clay pot.  
Just writing this review has made me hungry and wanting me to go back to eat their soon dubu.  I would recommend this place to anyone.my favorite tofu place, gosh the hot spicy soon dubu is to die for! they have private parking, so it is great and generous with their serving of side dishes. I have brought guests here and they all love this place! Great pricing with heavenly food!best soft tofu in town. hands down. no competition. totally worth the drive from center city, every time.... if you're into that kind of thing that is.Probably the best soondubu I've had in Philly and that's saying something, considering that there doesn't seem to be many good Korean places around my hometown unlike the DC Metro or Bay Area. Tofu comes to you in a stone pot and as for the quality, it is definitely probably the best I've had in Philly. Tofu is soft, soup is adequately flavored, and temperature of the soup is sufficient for all intents and purposes. The LA Galbi meat was also something that was ordered and I will say that the meat here is pretty good. Marinated well, not undercooked or overcooked, and pretty tasty. As there is a dearth of Korean places around Philly, prices here tend to be higher than what is normally expected so do keep that in mind were you to come here. Still, I would say it's worth a try at least.I go to this place every few months. Now, I've had soondubu (spicy tofu soup) in places in NJ/NY/LA, and Seoul, SK...and this place is on par with Seoul. Nuff said! While the price has gone up since I started going to this place 6 years ago ($6-$10), it's still affordable compared to other places in Philly, NYC, NJ. You get all the bancheon you like, the soup, rice in a stone bowl, and egg, and good service. The decor is also very pleasant. Don't waste your time going to other places for soondubu. This place has the others beaten by a long shot.i visit this tasty, 9 dollar soon doob spot every time i go home.  no, seriously. every.  time.  
best soon doob ive ever had (with the exception of my momma's, of course)!  and quick too!  they come in a variety of flavors (kimchi, beef, mushroom, etc) as well as varying degrees of spiciness.  the meal comes with great panchan, a raw egg (to be added into your soon doob mid-boil), and a stone pot of rice which is later turned into noo-rung-ji with warm boh-ree-cha (barley tea).
the waiters/waitresses are so cute in the traditional korean garb and pretty much leave you to your delicious tofu unless you need something, then you can either flag them down or push the button on the side of the table.  ive eaten and sat there talking with my fellow soon doob loving friend for hours before, and they dont mind.
ALSO: you can call in your order ahead of time, so that it's nice and piping hot right when you get there to eat.I have to agree this cute place earns it's top rating.
Even though the Soon Du Bu was really good, the thing we couldn't stop eating and nearly licked the plate over was a spicy chicken veggie stir fry called Dak Kal Bi.  Holy frijoles batman, what a delicious fiery exotic blend of complex layered flavors with a bit of sweetness - my mouth is watering just thinking about it!  
When they brought us each a giant stone bowl of rice I thought, "yea like I will eat this huge bowl of rice" - well guess what, I did and wished I had more, the way the rice gets crispy in the bowl is sooo good.
Some side dishes were yummy; most notably the marinated tofu & peppers, spicy zucchini and some kind of smoky bean sprouts, others less so.  
We had a sort of embarrassing oops.  We had ordered the mushroom Soon Du Bu and I whined until hubby rolled his eyes and agreed to order it with a spiciness of only "3" (there have been waaaay too many times we ordered things in Asian restaurants "very spicy" that ended up being inedible to me, I mean, I like spicy but not "oh my gawd my mouth is on fire, my tongue is numb, my eyeballs are blood red" spicy like him!).  
But when we got the dish I reluctantly agreed we should have gotten it spicier.   Somehow they picked up our body language and asked what was wrong - we told them we wished we had gotten it hotter.  Thirty seconds later a woman came bustling over and indicated she could make it hotter for us and we happily nodded yes.  We waited and waited for it to come back, wondering what was taking so long - surely they just had to throw a few more spices in?  The dish came back no spicier but it was scalding hot - all I can imagine is some overworked chef in the back being asked to heat up even hotter a dish that had already been served to us literally still boiling - eep!
When the bill came - $23 for a groaning table full of tea and food - we almost felt guilty - so much goodness for so little money.five stars for their soon doo boo.  soon doo boo is a spicy silken tofu stew served in a mini stone pot.  the soup is meant to be eaten spicy so it will taste bland if you order it mild.  for me, their soon doo boo stands out because of the broth.  it is full of complex flavors other than red chili peppers.  
i loved that the rice was served in a stone pot as well.  when you finish your meal, you will notice a layer of roasted rice at the bottom of the pot.  you can ask for hot water to be poured into your rice pot for an after-meal palette cleanser.
the restaurant is clean and has a traditional feel to it.  the servers left us alone but we were able to use the call buttons on the table for service.
overall, excellent soon doo boo!!I can find myself here at least once a week even in the summer for their soft tofu or soondubu. I brought my boyfriend here for his first soondubu, and he's now hooked. They have a scale on how spicy you like your tofu to be (1-nonspicy to 5-very spicy), and the portions are generous. I'm always walking out of the door with a full and satisfied tummy. 
After ordering they serve you five side dishes, that compliment the meal perfectly. Instead of trying to flag your server down, there is a button on the table that you ring if you need them. They also bring you a pitcher of water or tea--depending on which on you have--so you don't have to constantly ask for refills. Although I never tried the Korean pancake yet, I always want to order it because it looks so yummy, and its huge. 
Parking is available on the side (where the door is), and on the street, even arriving around peak dinner time on a Saturday, parking was not a problem.
This is my favorite Korean restaurant in Philly, and I HIGHLY recommend it.Been here multiple times over the last 2 years.
Seems as if tofu isn't quite as good as it was when I started coming here.  Not sure if it's actually changed, or our tasting of it.I've been to this place since I was a child. The first owner did an amazing job and this restaurant was famous in the Korean community - everyone who loved soon dubu knew this place was their go-to. However, owners changed somewhere along the way and the quality of the soondubu went down drastically. The flavors changed, there was less tofu, less seafood in the haemul soon dubu, and the somethin flavor was off.
Last year I gave it another try on a cold day and I was pleasantly surprised that the restaurant was really good again! They put in the right amount of spice (4 out of 5), it was a bit sparse on the seafood again, but plenty of tofu. I went a few more times after that, and the last couple visits I noticed the quality go down again.
I just went again with my [Korean] parents and was so disappointed that I don't think I will be coming here again for awhile. My dad got the clam soon dubu (level 2 spice) and it was ALRIGHT but maybe because it wasn't spicy. My mom ordered the doenjang soon dubu and it was just salty. There was no flavor and no substance I thought I was tasting super concentrated ocean water with soft tofu. My mom couldn't take more than 2 spoons because of how ridiculously salty the was. I ordered the haemul soondubu as usual (level 4 spice), and the seafood was sparse masked by a ton of tofu while the flavor was also a little off. Also, due to kitchen renovations the rice was not served in dolsot (stone pots) which was a huge part of my soon dubu experience.
To top off the decrease in quality of the food, we asked [multiple times] for plastic containers to bring home the leftovers but was told that those containers were only for take out customers. Instead, we were given these small foam containers that were could easily get crushed. We asked for one more plastic bag just to pack our leftovers separately but they insisted on only one bag per customer even though there were 3 people with 3 separate orders. Clearly the economy is hitting them hard and the quality of food and customer service is sinking with it.omg, best soondubu jjigae in the philly area! i love spicy food and spicy soondubu is the best kind. i usually get kimchi soondubu ah-joo mep-gae (the spiciest) and pretty much sweat through the entire bowl. the spiciest option is slightly on the too spicy side but i don't care. tastes soooooo good. the fact that they also serve the bap/rice in those dol-sot bowls and you can have noo-roon-ji is awesome too. their service is pretty good. can get somewhat slow when it gets crowded but they're usually over quick with the push of the button.I would come here every night of the winter if I could.
The perfect pick me up: the seafood soon dubu.
I'm indian, and I love asian cuisine, but sometimes it can be a little bland for me. But #5 very spicy was the perfect level of spicy -- not enough to make me cough and gag, just heat heat heat and flavor. I've never been so satisfied.The soondubu is excellent.  The rest of their food is only average.  I have ordered the bulgogi, kalbi, spicy squid and pajeon and have not been impressed.  The service is also not the best...especially if you are not Korean.So as a native New Yorker, I will always claim everything is better in New York. That said, this is easily the best soondubu spot in the North East. Nothing in New York can compare. The one in Fort Lee, NJ comes close but still falls short.
Of course the caveat to all this is that you have to like tofu soup to begin with. If you do, this is totally your jam. I haven't been here in years but came after a trip to Atlantic City this past Christmas and was not disappointed. 
My favorite combination here has always been the seafood soondubu and the pork kalbi. The beef kalbi is only okay, but the pork kalbi is perfectly spiced and finger licking good. I like it spicy so I go for a level 5 spice level on my soondubu and it is ridiculously good. I promise you that no other spot gives you more tofu. I highly recommend this spot.
It's only not getting a 5 because it's so far away. You need to open more locations!I do not visit this place nearly enough...I could eat here everyday n not get bored with the tofu mushroom stew extra extra spicy....this place leaves my tongue in shock for days...mmm solid soondubu! the place is very spacious and parking was easy.
we ordered the seafood pancake which was crispy and a nice filling appetizer to complement the two bowls of tofu soup and banchan. i ordered my usual fave soondubu which is the combination (seafood + beef) and requested it on the very spicy side per the spice range which was actually spicy enough for me for once! there was a good balance of flavor to complement the heavy spicy level which can sometimes neutralize your taste buds and make the soup taste too bland. once the perfect boiling soup cooled down (much much much later in the meal) it was borderline too salty but still delicious. the banchan were all really good, too!
good service and cute ambiance, too. can't wait to come back and try some other things. this is definitely going to be my go-to soodubu spot!My favorite spot. I love their cucumber side dish and bibimbap the mooost! I'm a regular here so they always see me with diff peopleThis place is my go to restaurant. We have been a regular for over 10 years. The soft tofu Is the best in the country. The pancake was GREAT. Would recommend to any1Really good food and great atmosphere.  They even have a handy bell on the table.  Their menu is small but everything is really good!  I prefer smaller menus where everything on the menu is good.  Location is Ok but the service is good.  I've been here several times and will keep going back!  I can easily recommend this restaurant!Let me tell you how magical this "Korean soft tofu soup" is.
Before I discovered Jong Ka Jib Soft Tofu Restaurant I was mean-spirited, 85 lbs overweight, unemployed, major drug/alcohol problem, and I had a goiter on my neck the size of a donkey.  Women hated me.  All of them.
However when I took my first bite of "Korean soft tofu soup", my goiter shimmered and turned into a gold coin and I quickly began to shed the extra weight (and my drug/alcohol problem).  
Since then, I've gotten a job at WalMart!  And women wearing hoop earrings are basically like lining up out the door to have sex with me.
This soup is totally life-changing.  Year of the Dragon, baby!In terms of the decor and food, this is a great place to try out Korean style tofu soup. But each tofu soup is 10 dollars disregard which kind you get, is a little expensive ( but Korean food is always overpriced in my opinion). It's not located in best part of the city but its worth the drive. The people here are nice, but they can't understand English well. One incident happened was there was a fight between two tables but the owner didn't take care of it and everyone of the staff was just standing to watch the two tables arguing back and forth. I didn't like that but the food was good.Jong Ka Jib has the best soft tofu in Philadelphia. What I really like about this place is the decor, which brings me closer to Korea and ancient time. The decoration is simple and classic. The place feels cool inside in term of temperature because it is build slightly below the ground level. And the food is perfect for winter time, because it will make you sweat!
The food is amazing here if you order their soft tofu. It comes with the tofu soup, rice and side dishes, which are amazing. (Don't be shy to ask for more if you want more kimchi, cucumber or bean spout).  I've tried pretty much all the different soft tofu on the menu. I recommend ordering soft tofu and nothing else, because on the flip side menu, there is not much to order. The food is just ok and quite pricey. If I have to recommend, I would say the bibimbap in hot stone pot.  Everything else is not really worth it, although I have friends who really dig the BBQ squid. Also if you order soft tofu, the spiciness is important, you have to at least go number 2 in term of spiciness or the soft tofu won't taste as good. One of my favorite is the mushroom soft tofu.I'm comparing this to Soon doo boo in Los Angeles, and I can confidently say it's just as good. The ban chan is a bit salty, and service is lacking, but to find comfort food this far away from home is a blessing. The drive from South philly is a bit far, and the neighborhood at night is a bit interesting.OK, I have to tell you a secret. I've never been very into Korean food. Don't get me wrong, I love Asian food... love, love, LOVE it. But Korean was always down towards the bottom of my list of things that are yummy. Until this place. For real. I am now converted to the church of Korean flavors. Here's the story.
So I'm feeling terrible one night, really really terrible. I've got a stuffed up nose, I'm super hungry, I'm bloated and its that girly time of the month. And the only thing I want in the whole wide world is just a nice big bowl of warm spicy soup. So I go onto Yelp, and I check out my bookmarks for saved places in my hood. I speed-read a few reviews for this place and convince my husband we need to go here ASAP. 
And like Audrey Horne, I get what I want.
I ordered the mushroom soft tofu (beo seot soon du bu) and my husband ordered spicy chicken & vegetable (dak gal bi). Both medium spice and both so freaking amazing. My soup is spicy, it's comforting, its downright perfect. It was exactly what I was looking for.
But before your food is ready, they bring out 5 different banchan: Kimchi, marinated bean sprouts, spicy cucumber slices, adzuki beans, burdock and jalapenos (I think) marinated in sesame oil and soy sauce? Not sure, but they were all tasty. But the best part is they bring you some weirdly awesome hot tea that I can't get enough of. I haven't figured out if it's Boricha (barley tea) or Hyeonmicha (rice tea). So weird and soooo good.
Preventing a few faux pas:
1) That egg they give you is raw, and it's meant to go in your soup.
2) The weird little box attached to your table? That's a call button for the staff.
3) Don't be dumb. That soup is boiling in there, so DON'T touch the caldron-bowl. Use the plate underneath.
4) Do you mix some of the pitcher of tea with your leftover crispy rice or not? I still haven't figured that one out.
5) This place is totally not for kids. Delicate wall hangings? Boiling hot stoneware? A call button on the table to play with? A raw egg just sitting there, waiting to be used as a weapon? Yeah. Not for kids, but perfect for us adults.Once again in my quest to satiate my appetite I find myself literally in the middle of nowhere eating some of the most delicious soon du bu in recent memory. Not that my experience with this deliciously hearty tofu soup is worth mentioning but it's very tasty here!! Accompanying the soups are a slew of comdiments ranging from kim chee to bean sprouts- pickled vegetables never tasted so good..Spiciness level can be adjusted from wimp to bad ass (I was on the wimpy side and found it perfectly spiced). Sevice was the only thing that left much to be desired for. I'm guessing they had no idea what I was saying, but multiple requests for water were unheard or ignored... At any rate if you find yourself meandering even remotely close to 66th ave- head on by!!!I was super impressed with how friendly and attentive service was during my most recent visit. The food is still as good as I remembered it to be. We tried something new this time - the spicy marinated chicken with veggies. It was a stew like dish made with bone-in dark meat chicken, potatoes, peppers, onions, and carrots. Honestly when I saw it on the menu, it did not appeal to me. I'm so glad my boyfriend ordered it because it was soo good! I also love that I can bring my vegan friends here - there are plenty of vegan/vegetarian options. This is definitely my favorite Korean restaurant in Philly.I am in soft tofu heaven.
Every Yelper who adores this place is now joined by me ... am a total FAN.
Been waiting to go here and was deterred by snow storms on 2 occasions!
Went with dear friends and 2 of us had the soondubu jiigae with oyster ... this was a foodie's steamy, creamy, spicy and bubbly mini hot tub of utter savory deliciousness.  Pair that with the rice in the stoneware that is so hot that it begins to crisp on the sides and then you let that bathe in the soondubu ... ahhhhh.
Service is fast and the food comes out quickly too.  
The little banchan dishes were a wonderful start as well.
Will absolutely be back here !!!!I think I'm a lot less familiar with Korean food than some of the other Yelpers that have reviewed this place. Most of the menu is variations of their specialty dish, a soup/stew called sun du bu.  It's got a red broth and lots of tofu as well some meat or something else, depending on the variety you order.  The soup is literally boiling when it arrives at your table, and depending on how you order it, it's pretty hot in the other way, also.  You are provided with a raw egg to crack into the soup if you wish.  You also get a pot of rice, a variety of tiny side dishes and a drink that I understand is essentially iced tea made with buckwheat instead of tea.
My three companions and I really enjoyed this place.  The one problem we had was that one of our friends is a strict vegetarian and it was difficult for us to determine which things on the menu were truly vegetarian, partly because of the limited English of the servers.  She doesn't want meatless soup if it is made with beef broth, for example. It was pretty clear that we weren't going to be able to communicate that to our waitress, so she got the pancake with scallions.  
I'll be back, especially on a cold day!Off the beaten path but worth a trip. Short ribs were excellent as was the jap chae, squid and scallion pancake, and bibimbap.Love the seafood pancake!! The grilled squid is also very delicious. I've had various dishes here and none have disappointed me yet. The service is not as great as you'd like it to be but they get the job done. Definitely recommend this place for great Korean cuisine.I'm not really a fan of soft tofu because I think it is very bland and boring. I love meat! On my most recent trip (because others wanted to go) I got the seafood version. I got full by eating the side kimchi, rice and tofu. It's not really my style but it is alright for what it is.i love this place! i like korean food a lot, but find that restaurants are generally a hit or a miss. the spicy level is perfect, and i love the soft tofu soup.Nice to have this place within walking distance of my house. I've only eaten here a handful of times a but the experience was mostly positive.Last time we arrived about 8 on a Sat. night. Place was packed. We were seated within 10 minutes. Mostly Korean clientele.Owners very welcoming and friendly.
Good deal for $10. Their soon dubu tends to be on the bland side sometimes.First time i got the seafood spice level 3. Actually enjoyed the banchan much better. The kim-chi- beef spice level 3 lacked real kim chi or beef flavor. Tried my friend's seafood spice level 4.. Now we're talking! Next time. The service and owners are great. Definitely some great things about this place and I will definitely return.Love the banchan, the raw egg you get to add to your soup, the whole presentation...the rice in the stone pot...crunchy..add water they provide to get all the good bits.Buzzer on table for service a nice touch.in short, the best tasting food i've ever had for $10.
Place is very authentic, would be good for groups to share different menu choices. Seriously, 99.5% Asians in there except for my white ass.
food was excellent. i need to look for tofu soup in chicago.
thanks yelp, would not have gone here otherwise. i plugged the addy into my GPS and when i pulled up close i was like WTF this place is out of business, there is no way there is a good restaurant on this residential block! but then there it was!the tofu soup was ok. id say on the higher scale especially around philly but ive had better (bcd in la and ny).  after reading all the great reviews i was actually a little disappointed. the side dishes were bland but the rice was amazing. Comes in the stone bowls and some how made the soup taste better. to bad the waiter forgot to bring it out with the meal.  id go back just for the rice.I'm obsessed with soondubu. Seriously obsessed. I've searched the world for it and this is definitely in the top 3...to include restaurants in Korea!  If I'm within 1 hour of this place, I make the detour here and schedule anything else around it so I can have a meal here.  
The spicy soup comes out boiling. I love the rice in the stone bowl with the norangi (crunchy burnt rice). The sides are all awesome, love the cucumber kimchi and bean sprouts. I love breaking the raw egg and eating it half way through when the yolks are still buttery and smoothi. It's 3 and 4 are the perfect spicy for me. There's always a lot of born and raised in Korea ahjummas and ahjussis (older Koreans) eating here so you know it's good.
Man I'm so hungry for Jong Ka Jib soondubu now!!!lovely little authentic korean restaurant, everything on their menu is pretty great but i go whenever i get cravings for their spicy soft tofu in a clay pot, it's to die for!so soo yummy! simple yet delicious. I've never been to a tofu house before but this was a good first experience. The ambiance is very traditional but nice. The menu is selective but seemingly authentic to the cuisine. You can choose up to 5 levels of spiciness for your soup, but plain mild still has an amazing taste. 
The parking lot is small, but there is street parking surrounding the area also. Prices are ok for what it actually is, but honestly its delish and a nice fulfilling treat no matter what you order. I also love all of the small side dishes which come with any Korean meal.
Also, there arent any desserts which i am a fan of, but its ok.Really nice. The first thing to notice is the old world woodwork throughout the interior, tables and seating. The real decor and uniforms of the staff, take you to Korea.
The tofu soup was very good. I ordered level 3 heat on advise from a Korean friend but I could have gone higher.
My wife had the vegetables platter that was also very good.
A great experience and very reasonable prices.My girlfriend and I went to Jong Ka Jib on our first date because I love spicy food. Overall the food is great, but it can get really busy, even in the weekdays. The food is great, and so is the service.
Also, if you're around the area check out Paris Baguette next to 7 Eleven!My favorite spot for soon doobu jigae!  The service is quick, food is served piping hot ...  Definitely a cheap and cheerful place.
And the rice is served in those hot pot lava bowls resulting in crunchy, browned rice on the bottom.  Yum.Have been coming here for several years and there is no better soft tofu house in the region.
The price has gone up slightly but the food is consistently amazing.
The soon do boo is a soft, boiling hot bowl of soft silky tofu with your choice of veggie and meat, spiced from 1-5.  It always comes with a giant bowl of hot rice and a raw egg for you to put in the boiling tofu when you first get it.
The bonchon dishes here are numerous, you usually get a set of 6 for two persons, if you have 4 people you should get two sets of 6 bonchon side dishes.
Their other dishes are consistently good also.  I love the pa jeon (korean pancake) with scallions and squid.
The service is fast paced and more leaned towards "asian" style of service, meaning you shouldn't be shy to ask for things if someone doesn't fill your water or tea. They have a special little button that dings for service when you press it.
The tofu dishes are $10, with leftovers if you have a normal appetite, but a hungry person can probably finish a tofu themselves.
Parking is free in the lot in the front of the restaurant, although it can get tight at times, I recommend backing your car into the spot if possible.One of the best korean tofu I've ever had and it's cheap!  This is just as good as any of the other Korean restaurants in Los Angeles.  All the little side dishes are really good too.  I ordered the beef bulgogi and that wasn't very good, but it is not what they are known for.  The food is served quickly and the staff is friendly.Third time coming here and they don't disappoint. I love getting the Kimchi Tofu Stew, and love al their little side dishes that come with it. Very authentic Korean tasting and definitely earn my 5 stars. :)Not bad.  The quality of the tofu soup is pretty good, and the side dishes are decent.
As of July 2014, the tofu soup is $10, which is pricier than what I expected for a dish like that.
This place is better than other "standard" korean restaurants i've been to, but not amazing by any means.  The price isn't a great deal but I will continue to come here for "cheaper" korean food cravings.  Unfortunately it's about 25 minutes from Center City.
Service here is, unfortunately, typical korean style and they don't check on you ever. Get used to it though, it's just the culture.  Ring the bell if you need something.
It's also hard to find unless you're looking for it.  Highly recommend using google maps, as it seems to be in the middle of a neighborhood.Tofu house is one of my favorite go-to spots. The food quality is always consistent. I love their mushroom soondubu and beef ribs. Those are my two favorites!
 I also like the scallion pancake! The scallion pancake can be a bit greasy but very filling! I usually only get it when I go with the group because it would be too much for two people to share long with soondubu and the beef ribs. 
The side dishes they serve are also very good, I love their cucumbers! The staff are fairly friendly and if you need their attention you can just press the button on the table. 
They have recently upped the prices but overall its still one of my favorite Korean spots in Philly!I've been coming here since they opened up in the 90's and they have the best consistent soft tofu stew. Always great service with a big smile, and priced just right. If you want to try Korean for the first time come here, you will come back again and again.BEST FIND EVERR
At least for me and my Korean food cravings :) I'd contend that it's one of the best places for Korean food in Philadelphia, but there's a lot more to this restaurant that makes it definitely deserving of 5-stars!
For starters, I say it's the best "find" ever because it is a good distance north of the city and you'd probably need to drive there. Since I don't have a car, I would never have known about it if it hadn't been for friends who HIGHLY recommended it (for good reason, I discovered!). However, they do have a parking lot, so at least that's off your list of worries. 
The inside of the restaurant is spacious and pristine, giving off a casual ambiance with a touch of traditional Korean elements. Hence, it can accommodate small groups fairly easily. For example, on my first visit, I think I came with a group of 6-7 and we all fit comfortably around a table, and could have probably seated just as many more on the adjacent table.
And now, the menu! As the name of the establishment suggests, its specialty is the soft tofu (soon doo boo) and it is SUCH a great deal at $10 for their different kinds! Kimchi soft tofu, seafood soft tofu, clam soft tofu, beef soft tofu, etc... yum! And they do it legit too - providing you with a raw egg that you crack into the stone pot of hot soup. Oh, and before I forget to mention, you can also adjust the level of spiciness when you order (if you don't specify, they will just give you the average spicy level, I believe). If you're not in the mood for soon doo boo, they do have other Korean food options on the menu. Admittedly, I typically gravitate immediately to the soft tofu whenever I visit, but I've tried the dak galbi once, which was also delicious and fairly generous in its portions.
Speaking of portion sizes, the restaurant is famous for their amazing side dishes that they refill if you ask when you finish (can't imagine how many plates they have to wash!). With the side dishes and the rice that comes with your main meal, it's a lot of food in my opinion. So basically, go hungry :)
And a final adorable touch is that they typically give you a little mint candy with the check, which gives the feast the proper conclusion that it deserves. Definitely a meal worth every cent in my book!I know nothing about Soon Doo Bu except that I love it now.
My only Korean food experience to date was Bulgogi and Kimchee.  Glad that I've now had the real stuff, it's delicious!Wow!
To date, I would say this is the best tofu soup I have ever had--and I was born in korea!
It is hot and delicious, and the price is just so reasonable.  The steamy rice that comes in the hot pot adds a nice touch!  Ever since I was little,  wanted to burn the rice in the hot pot a little bit and dig it with my spoon to get the crunchy texture.
I always get the medium spicy soondoobu, and my sister gets the extra-hot.  We always rave about this place afterwards, and take 2 more servings to go for home! (We do not have a car and live too far away).  
The only thumbs down I can think of is the side dishes--I've had better, and they use too much of the go-chu-ga-ru.. the spicy red flakes.  
However, A couple of the side dishes are great and we always ask for more!
Definitely try out this place if you appreciate good korean food!A treasure in the wasteland of north Philly. An oasis of really good food.
The soft mushroom veg tofu was even better than the pork soft tofu. The ribs were good, but probably not worth $17. Stick with the soft tofu which is all around $10. Worth the trip from downtown or wherever you live!Wow this place is amazing and authentic !  Even recommend going alone so you don't have to share the yummy sidesThis is one of my favorite restaurants, hands down.  I'm in an orgasmic trance for the entire time I'm there.  I usually just get a hotpot; I'm not super into spicy, but I like spice that has a lot of flavor.  You order the hotpots based on the amount of spicy you'd like it, 1-5, I find 3 is almost perfect (I've had 4, its just a little too much for me.)
Every time I go there are different little kimchi and other pickled salads.  The staff is attentive, and all you have to do is ring for them and they come to your table.  Their English is not usually all that good, which is fine, and it used to be that I'd be the only Anglo at the restaurant when I'd go, but the secret seems to have gotten out that this place is so amazing - if you're at all adventurous, just go.GREAT food. The tofu sundubu are delicious. They're all $10 regardless of which flavor and comes with rice in a stone bowl. I had the mushroom, kimchi, and bean paste varieties and they were all flavorful. Not much selection in the banchan but what they have is well done. They rotate the banchan offered so it's always a surprise each time you come here. Their kimchi is not very spicy, which suits my wimpy tastebuds fine! This place is also good to take your parents if they are uninitiated to Korean food, as the food quality is good and the decor is traditional and done well. My mom got the bibimbap both times she came here and both times it was delicious and hearty. Docked a star because the servers are space cadets and they passively rush you to finish your meal and get you out the door asap.