My go to neighborhood spot. I've only ever gotten takeout or delivery, but the food is wonderful and very reasonably priced and the staff is great! I really enjoy the wet burrito when I'm feeling something a little bit fancier than my standard burrito.all the taco's are gluten free, as are the tostadas and salads. they deliver fast and promptly, cash only. the food is always fresh and warm, the only place to order Mexican from. Nothing super fancy, but every day delicious.This place was a delicious surprise. We went here before a concert at the electric factory. I was hesitant because it didn't look like much, but I trusted the reviews on here. Once we ordered, the food was prepared within our view. I got crispy tacos and my husband got a burrito, and we split chips and salsa. The food was clearly fresh, and it was delicious. They also had no trouble with our special requests. I wish I could go there more oftenHoly authentic deliciousness. Yelp came through steering me toward this gem of a hole in the wall for lunch the other day. 
Unfortunately I can only comment on their chorizo tacos but other menu updates are soon to follow. I called in my order and as other yelpers have noted, the service trends on the slower side. 3 tacos took about 20 minutes all said and done but there was a lot of other customers including a bunch of cops which made me feel a little safer considering this isn't the nicest part of town.
Ok the chorizo is up there with some of the best I've had. Not too greasy but tons of flavor and with their medium salsa verde (not that spicy) and a squeeze of lime you can't go wrong. $7 for 3 of them which almost filled me up. Next time I will need to see what their guacamole is all about. There is some seating inside but be prepared to watch TV in spanish. Be back soon!My personal favorite Mexican take-out in all of Philadelphia.  Located in a less than memorable area of Philadelphia, the restaurant isn't much to look at but remember that you're going there to eat- not to hang out.  Getting your food is quick & painless and the preferred method of eating is take-out.  Great for anyone short on money but looking for quality & quantity food.IF YOU LIKE BURRITOS, GO TO JOSE'S.
IF YOU LIKE TACOS, GO TO JOSE'S.
I personally enjoy tacos. I also enjoy burritos. Therefore, I go to Jose's. Why? Because Mr. Jose has the best burrito I've ever eaten in the city. Specifically, it's the hot (spicy) pork carnitas burrito. I've also enjoyed some delicious fish taco's from Mr. Jose. They are amazing. It is authentic. They offer Jarritos in many different flavors. I enjoy grabbing a couple burritos with my lady, getting them to go, and then pick a nice spot to eat them. Read my review. Read everyone else's review. Look at the star ranking. Go order a burrito.
By the way: I do not own Jose's - but I wish I did so that I could eat burritos frequently throughout the day. I also do not know if the owner, or anyone employed at or directly affliliated with Jose's is actually named Jose.Best Mexican in Philly, hands down.  Small hole in the wall place with only a few tables, but the food is outstanding.  Everything I've ever tried here has been superb, but the tacos remain my favorite...all of them!Just enjoyed a spicy chicken burrito and my friend got the steak tacos and they were both amazing. Great quality food and a whole lot of it. Fair prices and friendly staff, definitely recommend this place! It's places like these that make you love good mexican foodJosé es tu papá !! No one does mexican like Jose. Forget about tex-mex or "fancy" mexican food. This is the real deal ! Authentic, savory mexican food. The chimichangas are out of this world. I've also had the crispy tacos, quesadillas, carnitas tacos, guacamole...all great food ! repeat after me....José es tu papá !!I finally ate here yesterday. The store is located in a pretty shady area of Spring Garden. You definitely have to watch yourself here after dark. Even in the day time there are plenty of random people milling about. The store itself is pretty no frills. No fancy decor, no fancy menus, etc. Seats and chairs and some latin music playing in the background.
I ordered a chorizo torta and a cheese gordita with some horchata to wash it down. The lady asked me if I wanted fresh jalapenos and I said yes.  The gordita came out first with a side of pico de gallo and some random lettuce. The gordita itself was pretty good although I might have prefered a thinner crust. The cheese tasted like it was the queso fresco and was hot and bubbly and stringy. The pico de gallo wasn't bad, but wasn't real noteworthy either.
The torta came out next. It was fairly decent in size. They grilled the bread which not all places seem to remember to do.  The hot mexican sausage/chorizo and refried beans contrasted nicely with the cool sour cream and tomatoes. And the fresh jalapenos had my eyes watering, my nose running, and my mouth burning after two minutes.
 The two negatives I had to say were that they didn't offer chips and salsa before the meal(3.00 for an order) and the horchata was pretty bland. Normally horchata should taste of cinnamon pretty strongly and have a sweetness to it that was lacking.
All in all a pretty good experience.  I'll probably be back another time during the daylight hours.I moved here from Arizona and spent several years just going without the Mexican food that I learned to love in Arizona.  Just when I thought I coudn't take it anymore, I found Jose's and they delivered with authentic, delicious food - and Mexican Soda!!!!! (which I had been craving).  Two big thumbs up for Jose's - so glad I found you!its right off of 10th and SGarden...it was a clean shop, a few tables...got our order to go...got beef fajitas (12.95) for the hubby and 3 (carne asada @7.00) for me, came in corn tortillas, some sour cream and lettuce..got 2 little cups of guac (1.00 each)...a side of pico (1.00) and a side of xtra hot sauce (.50)..side of black beans & rice (4.00).I felt so nickeled and dimed..geesh!...but the food was "OK to good"...the guac was amazing!...i wished that the beef  was more seasoned..i hear that the pork is better...kinda pricy for a hole in the wall (all the side items)..but Ill go back...The food is awesome and having another delivery option in the neighborhood is clutch.YUM!
environment - 2 stars
food - 4 stars 
price - 5 stars (worth every penny)
service - 4 stars
hours - 2 stars (I wish they were open Friday and Saturday late nights)
If you want to be impressed with the way a place looks, this is not the place for you. But if you want yummy, cheap Mexican food, you should check it out! I'm glad I did. I brought my mom here and even though she's a snob, she loved the food.
I have heard rumors that they weren't clean, but I have seen the guys prepare food and they are VERY sanitary. I have never gotten the impression that anything I have ever received there wasn't clean. 
Basically, you get what you paid for and you leave feeling satisfied.I have to say, I was expecting a little more from Jose's. It's a little taco window right by the viaduct that screams authentic Mexican food. This feeling is only reaffirmed when you walk inside, seeing a Hispanic family. They reminded me of Bob's Burgers- the mom doing dishes, the dad cooking meat, the son chowing down on a quesadilla with music blaring from his headphones... needless to say, everything was adding to the experience, including the cops who came in and had lunch at the table next to us.
My boyfriend and I split a carnitas burrito, carne asada tacos, guacamole, and a horchata. The burrito was by far the best, and is probably the only thing I would order again. The carne asada was tough and under-seasoned, but also came out covered in lettuce and cheddar cheese that was obviously from a bag. Where was the cilantro and onions that normally sit atop taqueria tacos?!? The guac was good, but the horchata was grainy and hard to finish. Nothing was expensive, but it wasn't cheap either.
Maybe my hopes were just too high for Jose's. I thought it would be the taco window of my dreams, but it's just another okay, cash-only taco joint.I've been known to get cravings for very specific foods, much like a woman with child does, and I ALMOST always scratch the itch.  Tonight I had a HANKERING for carnitas, so i YELPed tacos and Jose's popped up near the top of the list.  Right down the street, great!  I called my order in for pick up because it was 8:15 and they close at 9.  "15- 25 minutes," the cordial gentlemen on the phone says, with only a slight latin american accent.  I show up exactly 25 minutes later and they're just about ready, I'm told 3 minutes.  The place looks a little dumpy but in a charming "has character" sorta way.  Not dirty, just oldish and out dated... I grab a mexican coke, (made with real sugar as opposed to high fructose corn syrup, like american coke), and crack it while I wait.  Tacos come up on time and smell amazing even through the labeled styrofoam containers (I got an order of steak tacos as well just to contrast, being that it was my first time there).  I got in my car and couldn't wait, I DUG IN to the carnitas as if I hadn't eatin in days.  DAMMMMN these were good.  not much too them just some queso fresco, lettuce, a salsa verde on the side and a squeeze of lime but the pork was tender AND crispy and piping hot.  The tortillas were hot and soft.  They did it right.  The steak were done right too, cooked well done but still juicy enough and cut to the right size so your not gnawing off a bite of a tough strip when you take a bite of your taco (you taco lovers out there know what I'm talking about here...). A great diamond in the rough... reason it's not a 5 star review... not cheap, for 3 fairly small tacos, it's 7 bucks.  I'd say it's def worth it, given the quality of the product, but it was a little bit of a shock considering the location and format of the establishment.  That said, I'll be back for sure, next time I get a craving... 
Happy eating,
DanBoo's job sent her to Tokyo for a week which meant the place was all to myself and the cats, cue Risky Business socks slide. I'd planned a week of shenanigans that were really closer to Home Alone than Risky Business but I digress. 
With boo out of the house I was able to partake in one of my favorite pastimes, watching the Flyers pregame, Flyers game, then Flyers postgame while indulging in one of my 3 favorite meals (wings, hoagies, burritos). The game was a Thursday and the previous 4 days since boo had left were filled with enough craft beer and fried foods to take down Kenny Powers so out of my three options a burrito at least resembled a healthy meal. 
I'd had Jose's before but really didn't remember it so I figured I'd give them another shot. I called my order in from the office and got ready to leave, but juuuuust as I'm getting up that one coworker that can't have a convo less than 20 mins stops by. As they talked all I kept thinking was my burrito innards were eating they're way through the tortilla as it sat under a heating lamp. Convo ends and I jet. I head downs Arch St. and bang a left at 10th. As I cross over Callowhill and look under the bridge I see a literal hobo. Then I look to the left and see two vagrants drinking brown bagged beer, they look at me and I tried to convey with my body language and eyes that I'm speed walking due to my burrito, not because I'm scared, we'll never know if that was communicated. 
Upon arrival at 6:15 the place is full. Two table sitting eating about eight people in line for take out. My order consisted of a chicken mole burrito and 3 crispy beef tacos. It was $11, I paid and scurried back to my place on 12th. I sit down just in time for pregame and started on the crispy tacos. Unfortunately they were pretty underwhelming. They were sort of like the rolled up tacos at 711 but I'm not one to kill headliner because of a shotty opening act. Around the time the game started I began on the burrito. Mmmm, more smokey than sweet with a chipotles in adobo flavor that warms the soul. The salsa with it was excellent but when I added Franks Red Hot, ish got real. 
It was the perfect amount of food, I was full without being stuffed and the burrito totally made up for the crispy tacos. I may get a little more creative the next time I go.If traveling to Tijuana just to grab a burrito isn't your style, you'll be happy to know you can get both the authentic taste and same slight fear for your life by visiting Philly's own Jose's Tacos.
Located on a deserted strip of 10th Street, next to the train tracks, Jose's crumbling structure is the definition of "hole in the wall". But don't be put off by the facade, for inside lies the best cheap Mexican food in Philly. It's simple and delicious. The grilled fish burrito is as good as any I've had in Cali or Mexico. 
Fish you say? Yes, fish, you can thank me later. 
The staff is pleasant and everything is made to order. If you live outside the delivery area just ask nicely and tip well, they can be convinced. In a city with lots of good upscale Mexican, Jose's is a shining hole on a hill to those craving a cheap and cheerful burrito.I've been back a few times and am happier each time I go. So I don't love the burrito, oh well. The carnitas are the best tacos around. Guac is also fresh and the perfect texture and consistency. Hours are a bit unpredictable, so you might call before trekking over to no man's land for a great cheap meal. PS--ambiance is lacking, so take out might be the better way to go.Donde esta mi f'ing tacos carnitas mutha-f@&cka?
fallback to carne asada since they are always out of carnitas... grrrr
Come on Jose, give me what I crave!I'm not crazy about this place. The food was so so and the guy was looking at me like I landed form Mars....(and I'm actually from Venus)
I was hoping for some real quality experience but was greatly disappointed. This place has some good reviews. Maybe it wasn't just their day....My first time at Jose's was quite the experience, and I recall it fondly! Two friends and I were in town for a show (Los Campesinos!, October 2011) at Union Transfer, right around the corner. We parked in the lot behind UT, and sat for a few moments, realizing that we were several hours early for the show, and quite hungry. After checking out several options in the area via online reviews, we decided to jump out and ask the two security officers who were working the parking lot that evening. We were curious about Jose's, as it was the closest, and also quite highly rated. One guard said it was very bad, the other said it was very good. How helpful of them. Anyways, we decided to give it a shot, and once we realized that it was the house-like building with the burned-out sign swinging in the breeze, we made for it.
To be perfectly honest, we weren't sure what to expect, so the fact that Jose's is practically someone's kitchen area was slightly shocking. We made our orders, and got some sodas and juice from the cooler, then sat down at a table to wait. As it was still several hours to showtime, the place wasn't as packed as it can be in the hour right before UT's doors swing open. Our food was delivered quickly, in sizable portions for the amount we would pay before we left.
We enjoyed our assortment of burritos, quesadillas and other choices, accompanied by our Boing! and Mexican Cokes, myself incredibly surprised how authentic the food was (I have traveled to Mexico in the past). Filling, and cost-effective.
In the year and change since that first time, I have returned now and then, bringing friends, or coming alone. It doesn't matter. The food is still incredible, and I'm quite used to the fact that the folks who run it live in the apartment behind the cooler of drinks. Don't be shocked when the kids come out, and they're cooked something for dinner, it's happened a few times that I've been there.For me, it gets very frustrating deciding what to eat before a show at the Union Transfer because... well, to be frank, I'm a glutton and need a sizable amount of food to pre-game with but would prefer something that isn't dripping with grease. I asked a friend for a recommendation and he pointed me toward the shady shack that is Jose's.
Now the restaurant isn't exactly the prettiest but I don't mind the shady ex/interior as long as the food delivers. Well, holy crud, did this place deliver. The fish tacos were out of this world, especially when I poured Mexican hot sauce all over it. The fish was flaky, juicy, and perfectly seasoned; a wonderful compliment to the delicious mango soda I grabbed from the fridge. I followed up with a steak burrito that wasn't too bad but I would've appreciated more steak. There was way more rice in it than I would've expected, but I liked that it wasn't dripping with grease or laden with that icky sweat that is all too familiar with quick-stop taco joints. You can tell the everything is made fresh to order. The staff was super friendly, attentive to our needs, and quick to offer recommendations. I will certainly be going back to try out their other dishes (especially the pork) but I am absolutely sold on just the fish tacos. It's cheap and right around the corner from the UT..... make this your pre-concert spot for sure.Excellent value; consistently delicious. Jose's burritos are excellent, they have great lunch specials which all include rice and beans, and the staff is quick and super-friendly. It's worth going out of your way for if you want great food and don't want to spend a lot.Quesadillas. Lots and lots and lots of chicken, steak, deep fried pork and chorizo quesadillas. Filled with guac, sour cream, cheese, and lots and lots of pico de gallo.
That is all.I have a thing for tacos, and was overly pumped to try Jose's due to the purportedly low price. 
I ordered a carnitas taco platter to-go: comes with rice, beans, sauce, guac, tortillas on the side. Everything tasted great! The meat was a little dry, but flavor-wise was on point, and all the accompaniments went nicely. Not impressed with take-out portion size. Granted, with take-out meals, the amount of food is often dictated by the size of the standard styrofoam takeout container. I daresay theirs are too small, because I shelled $8.64 for the taco platter and felt like I overpaid. There may have been an 1/8th cup of beans, 1/3 cup rice, a sprinkling of lettuce and a mere daub of guac. Not sure that was worth almost $4 extra. Kinda made me sad to look at, really. Next time I will forego the "platter" idea unless I'm eating in house. I'm almost positive that a plate would've been fuller.My absolute favorite burritos in the city. 
I used to live down the street and fell in love. I even went so frequently that the employees knew my preference of salsa. (mild!)
Everything I've had on the menu is delicious, reasonably priced, and (most importantly) authentic. 
If you're ever craving easy Mexican, Jose's is your go-to!
The only downside is it's cash only, but for me it's always worth a quick trip the nearest ATM.Where did THIS place come from? Jose's is tucked away on a corner where you would never notice it in typical day to day life here. I didn't! From the outside, you could almost miss this tiny corner restaurant even when looking for it. Inside, there are a couple of tables to sit and eat and a TV playing on top of the drinks cooler. When you place your order, they pull out the very fresh looking ingredients right there and make your food for you. Nothing looked old, second-rate, or pre-made and just sitting around. The only thing I'd question is their choice of cheese. The staff behind the counter were friendly and helpful when I had questions about the food. The veggie burrito I ordered was massive and delicious. I also ordered chips and guacamole and was surprised to see that they did not skimp on the guacamole and included a sizeable portion with the chips. Prices are competitive and the food was very good. I will be coming back here regularly whenever I get a chance.I've been ordering burritos from this place for a LONG time.  I must say the food is great.  The location is sketchy, don't even think for a second it isn't, but the food makes it 100% worth it.  Do not let the location keep you from going to this place.  The guys are great the food is spot on, you will walk away FULL!
Its rare to go to a place 10-15x a year for 3 years and have the food be consistently great!The guac and salsa are phenomenal.  The caritias burritos - phenomenal.  I am a huge fan of this place.  Everything I have tried at this place is on point; shrimp burrito, chicken torta, carne asada burrito, veggie quesadilla.  Be sure to get the Boing guava or mango drink.  The people who work at Jose's are very friendly and it is nice to see the whole family there helping each other.  The only problem I have, as stated by another Yelper, is sometimes they are not opened during their business hours.  We went once and found the doors locked, henceforth we call beforehand to ensure we are not making the trip to find they are closed.-Heavy on the rice.
-Not enough guac.
-Not enough steak.
-But... I didn't want beans in my burrito. Why did you put them in anyway?
-Nice, soft, fresh tortilla.
-These babies come GRANDE.
All in all, meh... Not making the trek out there again. If only Philadelphia had an [Boston-based] Anna's Taqueria...This place delivers delicous mexican....what more could you ask for??
maybe if they were open 7 days a week...Went here for a quick dinner with some friends. Was surprised about how good the food was here. Simple place, relatively cheap prices, friendly people. Will definitely be back.One word... YUMMA. Im particular about my Mexican food being that I am both Mexican and from Arizona. This fact by no means makes me an expert, Im just letting you know what I compare Jose's to. I had the crispy beef tacos (aka flautas, rolled tacos) and chicken quesadilla. The beef tacos were soooooooo good. The chicken quesadilla was in a wonderfully soft flour tortilla with just enough cheese and chicken. Good stuff. We did delivery and it took about 1.5 hours... So that was the bad part. But the food was SO worth it.Just moved to this neighborhood and couldn't wait to eat here after reading the reviews!
Crunchy tacos & enchilada platter were both fantastic. Guacamole wasn't the best I've had, but I'm also not a big fan of cilantro. The chips that came with the guac were really good. This is definitely my new favorite Mexican spot.
Walking there from my apartment was kind of sketchy; they're open until 9 but I'm not sure I would go there after dark.Jose's is by far my favorite Mexican place in the city.  Strangely enough, I'd been living a mere four blocks from it for two years, walking by it quite often, before I actually bought food from there.
The food is clean, fresh, and delicious.  The cooks and owners are prompt, friendly, and incredibly hospitable.
As others have said, Jose's is cash-only.  They offer delicious Mexican sodas, as well as amazing desserts.  The flan is definitely worth a try; though it's more egg-y than caramel-y, it's still delicious.
Something you should know: the map on their menu is not their delivery range map!  They deliver way, way farther than the map says.  If you'd like to order delivery from them, it's worth calling and asking if they deliver to your block -- chances are that they do!I don't know which one of my friends discovered Joes's but I would have never in a million years gone there on my own.  Joes's is sort of a scary looking place with a scary neon sign in a scary part of town but for some reason its almost always crowded...though its not very big at all I think it only has five tables in it.
This isn't the most amazing mexican food, but its cheap fresh and I have a lot of fond memories eating there with some of my most favorite people.  Their gauc and salsa is very good with fresh made chips!  Another one my favs is their soda in glass bottles - which is one of my favorite things in life.  I always stick with the chicken or vegetarian platter which is something you can't go wrong with...its always almost too much food for me to finish.
Its not the best looking place, but its worth a try sometime if you're hungry and around 10th and spring garden and want to eat for under ten dollars.  Cash Only!!Love Jose's, lived in SF and it reminds me of the traditional Taquerias there. Great Burritos and tacos. 
Tip for delivery - ask for sauce in separate container when ordering chips and salsa, comes with great poco de gallo but if not separated it can make the chips soggy.Jose's has a bit of a cult-like following, which I've never understood.  I live in the neighborhood, so I've ended up getting burritos from here at least a dozen times over the years.  They've always been moderately sized and suitably flavorful, but certainly never anything that I'd go out of my way to get,  I've tried their quesadillas and tacos as well, and they were perfectly average.  On the plus side, the staff is very friendly and service is quick.  I also really like the shack-in-the-wilderness space.  If you're in the neighborhood, a visit to Jose's isn't likely to disappoint, but El Jarocho remains my top pick for casual Mexican food in Philly.Being from Southern California, I'm pretty picky about Mexican food.  The tacos here are excellent, highly recommended.  The guacamole and chips are good, but it's kind of expensive for the size of the guac.Jose's is my go to spot when I need a burrito fix - even though it means getting in the car and driving there from Fishtown.  I consider it a take-out place.  They have a few tables, but I prefer my living room decor.  
I've been going there for years and the food is always consistent and always good.  I've only had the burritos and the chicken and ginger soup, so I can't speak to the other things on the menu.  I get the grilled chicken burrito which has a nice grilly flavor.  The Mr. gets the grilled veggie burrito which has an assortment of grilled peppers, onions and I'm not sure whet else.  I've tried the shrimp one too which was excellent, but I always come back for the chicken.  I like that they load it up for you without gouging you on each addition (guac, sour cream, mixed salsa).  The burritos are around $6.50 with tax fully loaded and I usually can't quite finish it.Best place to eat before seeing a show at UT, always delicious and fresh AND CHEAP. Cash only though. I do agree that the family reminds me of Bob's Burgers, mom doing prep work, dad is grilling, daughter is skipping around, son has his beats headphones on, but the Latino version of course. I also like to listen in on the couple while they argue, and they almost always have on telenovelas. (:I tried searching for the best burrito in Philadelphia and decided to give this place a try because of all the reviews.
 I must say I was slightly disappointed considering all of the great reviews this place received. The Burrito wasn't bad and it's better than the other fast food burrito chains like Chipotle or Qdoba, its just that it didn't have anything really special that separated it from average to good. 
The ingredients were tasty but the tortilla didn't taste that fresh, then again maybe its because I went there at 2pm.Jose's is cheap, delicious, and gives you a ton food. The wet burrito was one of the best burritos I've ever had, so filling with a great red spicy sauce on top. Tasted the chicken tacos and special nachos which were also authentic and delicious. Will be going back/ordering out a lot!I got chips and guac, veggie burrito, my husband got steak fajitas and we shared a veggie quesadilla.  We ordered it to go, which I normally would not do for fajitas, but that's what my husband wanted.  The fajitas were still piping hot when I got home (Old City), although my burrito was a little cold (it *was* the coldest day in several years).  The veggie burrito was delicious, the veggie quesadilla was superb and my husband thought the steak fajitas were "really good" but thought the quesadilla was "top notch."   The guac was right on, and the chips are like you expect from a resturant and not from a bag.  
I think it was excellent.  The price was right, and its a tiny hole in the wall that actually serves up some seriously good mexican food. 
n.b.  the hot salsa is actually hot.  Had about a five minute burn after the burrito.   And its smoky.The food here is wasn't bad - I got delivery, and in my experience that's usually not as good as dining at the restaurant. However the delivery time was waaaayyyy to long - they said 40 minutes and it took about 70 minutes. And I'm not very far from the restaurant! There was a $15 limit (before tax) for delivery and it was cash only, so that was kind of inconvenient. They had good queso for the chips and dip, but it was $4 and you only got a really small amount of cheese dip. I got the quesadilla and it was good but nothing crazy. I would probably try somewhere else before I ordered from here again.This is an unsuspectingly great, little Mexican eatery in a totally unassuming location. I had the grilled fish tacos which were extremely tasty. The fish was well seasoned and cooked perfectly and the corn tortillas were warm and soft. My boyfriend got the grilled chicken burrito, which was also delicious. They also have the best corn tamale in the city and great horchata. Service was fast and friendly. Prices are cheap but make sure to bring cash!I like Mexican food a lot, so I'm naturally going to gravitate toward a place that is rumored to have the best burritos in town.  Because of Jose's weird location and hours, I hadn't made it out there until recently.  To be fair, the advertised hours are reasonable, but I went around 1pm on a Saturday before and found the place closed up tight.
Jose's is a tiny place with a great deal of character.  Four small tables fill the space not occupied by the kitchen.  Meanwhile, a TV in the corner of the room blares Telemundo (or another Spanish TV station. I'll admit I'm quite ignorant in this department).  The service was a bit weird with some confusion whether we should order at the counter or wait for someone to come over.  Jose's doesn't really focus on service or decor, so I won't either.
Really, the reason to come here is the food.  Jose's also serves up Mexican Coke and Pepsi, which is made with real cane sugar.  I couldn't taste much of a difference though.  I ordered a chicken burrito, and it was well made and stuffed with fresh ingredients.  On the downside, the meat was a bit dry.  Also, the burrito came served alone, and I wished I had a bit of rice or a small salad to spruce my meal.  I was with Ethan and Jonny and they both seemed to enjoy their meals.
Normally I would have been very happy with Jose's, but Que Chula has raised my standards for great, cheap Mexican food.  Full disclosure: Jonny R prefers Jose's.  Overall, it was a good meal, especially for under $10.  Ethan and I rounded out our meals with homemade chocolate chip cookies ($.60) and that brought the whole experience up a notch.
Bottom Line: Jose's is good and has some exceptional lunch specials at $5 and $6.  You might like Jose's a lot and I believe it's worth a least one try.  If nothing else, this place serves up authenticity in many ways.Located in a somewhat "sketchy" section south of Spring Garden, Jose's Tacos offers some phenomenal food.  The chips were low quality (think dollar store) but the quacamole was amazing.
Their "mild" salsa isn't your normal offering, but the huge chunks of tomato and ample cilantro meshed well with tamatilo sauce.  Worked well as a salsa and as a compliment to the chicken and fish tacos.
Definetely recommend this place but the ambiance is nothing spectacular.Great great great fish taco. Food is fresh and delicious and the family is nice. Restaurant is teeny tiny and def not that "eat in" friendly but so what, take your tacos home and stuff them in your face without shame or judgement from others.I love their tacos: chicken tinga, carnitas, carne asada. I could do with a little more meat- sometimes the lettuce overwhelms. The tomatillo salsa is fantastic; I could practically drink it. Speaking of drinking, they also have Jarritos sodas and Coke with real sugar. My friend got the tamales and gave them the thumbs up. The spice level here isn't very spicy- don't be afraid to order something other than mild.
The staff are really nice! It usually takes 15-20 minutes for food to come (same for take-out orders), but it's well worth it. Kick back, browse the soda case, and watch some Telemundo in the mean time.
Cash only and not the nicest-looking neighborhood. It gets super hot in there in the summer. I think the air conditioner is only for looks.If you want fresh Mexican you can't go wrong with jose's. Steak soft shell tacos and a side of chips and salsa is the perfect lunch. Or go with a chimichanga or wet burrito and ur stomach will be stuffed!As a native Arizonan, I have to say I was almost embarrassed for Joses Tacos when i saw what they put in my to go box and called chicken tacos. I actually couldn't eat them because the chicken was bright pink inside. A spatter of sad soggy iceberg lettuce was thrown on top, along with the weird white sauce with no flavor as mentioned in other posts. The corn tortillas were cold and soggy. After one bite I threw it out. Oh, and it took about 25 minutes to make these pieces of sh*t. 
Sad to hear it used to be good. Moving on, go to Taco Riendo. Has been and always will be legit.Wow. Just wow...simply wow. Wonder tacos, wonder service, wonder price.
It's just like being in Mexico. 
Hell, even the cops from next door eat here. A sure sign of quality.This place is dabomb.com! I love their chicken tacos and also steak. They also have Jarrito's soda which I highly recommend. I've been meaning to try something else on the menu but I am very satisfied with the tacos.At first glance Jose's looks less than impressive. Luckily, in this case, one should not judge a book by its cover. 
Jose's has by far, the best burrito in the city. Super authentic and full of flavor. I usually get the carne asada burrito. Packed full of Mexican rice, black beans, correctly prepared steak (not tough or fatty at all), lettuce and their signature guacamole, which by the way is amazing.
Service is fast and their staff is very friendly and polite.
Everything is very fresh and very filling. 1 burrito=2 meals. Add in a pork tamale and call it a day.muy bueno- best mexican in the city. little joint.. looks like a hole-in-the-wall but does not disappoint. i dont think they take credit cards, so bring cash.Best authentic, homemade burritos I've had in Philly!
Very small, nondescript place in a desolate part of town.
The reason for taking a star off is 
1. They're sometimes closed in the middle of the day with no warning. (i've learned to just call ahead)
2. Their guacamole has been inconsistent. (The first time i went it was so amazing and creamy. i didn't know guac could even reach that level of superb quality . Second time it was great, just not living up to my super high expectations)
I have to try more of their menu but the burritos are spicy and yummy. My favorite part is that they mix in the hot sauce with their rice, making each bite the same spice level, unlike qdoba/currito who just put it in one corner. I guess it's just the benefit of fresh, homemade burritos!My cousin and brother have been talking about this place that they call "Tacos y Burritos" for years. They claimed it was better than chipotle's which I found hard to believe. I was curious though because my cousin is pretty much Chipotle's #1 fan. When I finally got a chance to try it it lived up to the hype 100%. yes. it is a little hole in the wall-y and in a shady corner off spring garden but the food and service is top notch and the place is very clean. If it wasn't so far this place would be in regular rotation.I live in the mecca of tacos in Philly. What made me go to Jose's? My girlfriend still lives in North Philly and thus does not have nearly as many options. I've eaten at Taco Riendo two or three times before and was not impressed. I had heard about Jose's from a couple of Philly natives who swear by it. I figured I would give it a try after my shift was over not too far away.
I really like the hole-in-the-wall, dead zone aspect of Jose's. It's located on 10th & Buttonwood near Electric Factory, Starlight Ballroom, and the new Union Transfer. I think they get a lot of pre-concert business, because we went in on a Saturday night at 7pm and were the only people there during the thirty minutes we sat there, ordered, and ate.
I went with a carne asada burrito and my girlfriend had a chorizo burrito. It took a couple of bites before we both came to appreciate its taste. I must say that for the price, I expected more than a Chipotle Mexican Grill-sized burrito. It was very good and the ingredients were certainly more authentic than Chipotle's or the majority of your traditional Tex-Mex joints, but it was lacking in the size and ultimately the kick that I was looking for.
I would go back but it wouldn't be a first choice. The next time I go I am going to try tacos but for now, I am going to stay with Veracruzana and Los Gallos for my Mexican fixes.CASH ONLY!
Walked here before going to a show at the Electric Factory. It is almost completely unnoticeable if the words BURRITOS wasn't on the side of the building. From the outside, it looks like you are going into someones apartment, then when you walk in, you think you walked in the wrong door, but...this is Jose's Tacos.
I ordered my normal burrito from any Mexican restaurant. A steak burrito with everything on it as well as an order of guac with chips. The guac was very smooth and tasted very fresh. I enjoyed it thoroughly. However, when it came to my burrito, I have had better. It wasn't bad at all, but it wasn't something I would crawl back to either. The portion size was perfect for $7 and everything was fresh.
Would I go back to Jose's Tacos? Yes.
Would I try another Mexican restaurant in Philadelphia first? Yes.
PS, I Love You. They also let me charge my phone in the kitchen area, which was extremely needed, so the staff is very nice.Jose's is the epitome of hole in the wall charm.  I went on a blazing hot day, and while they only have some fans to cool you off, I think there was something quite nice about melting into my chair with a mole chicken burrito and coconut water.  The people working there are sweet and friendly, plus the food is delicious and filling.  My favorite part is it's tucked away vibe - a homey feel for those of us who appreciate the nooks and crannies Philly has to offer.From the outside it looks like you might be able to buy drugs here, but it's a quaint spot with a very nice staff and Mexican shows on the 13 inch television. It's clean, never crowded, and cheap. The food is authentic and delicious, it's my favorite Mexican in the city, also makes a great lunch spot.SO GOOD. And cheap too! The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is that it can take them a little while to make your food, even when it's not busy. But then again, I guess I'd rather them take their time to make good food than throw things together carelessly.Was looking for a quick bite to eat prior to Love City roller derby's opening match at their new venue on Spring Garden.  Jose's hit the spot.  Service was friendly and fast.  People are right; the chips are sub-par compared to other homemade chips in Mexican restaurants around the city, but the guac was delicious ($4).  I ordered chinga tacos (spicy pulled chicken).  Only 6 bucks for three.  The chicken was moist and delicious.  The tacos did get somewhat messy because the chicken was so moist, and I prefer crunchy cabbage rather than the iceberg lettuce they used, but still solid tacos.  When asked they said they welcome BYOB beer or wine.  Looks like a great place to stop prior to roller derby or a show at the Union Transfer.From the outside, Jose's looks like a sketchy restaurant and even inside the "restaurant" is nothing great... but, the food is cheap and delicious!
They only have 3 tables and Jose's is more of a delivery place. But for the price and amount of food, you can't really beat it.
From my experience, the food is better when you dine in as opposed to ordering it. But either way, it's good.I think every neighborhood has it's go-to Mexican spot.  This happens to be mine.
Everything is excellent about this place.  The staff greets you with a warm smile when you walk in and are always courteous.  The food is top-notch.  I can't think of one bad thing I've ever had here.
What takes this place to the next level are the drinks in there.  I'm going to get a little wierd and spend more time reviewing the drink selection than the food here.  Drinking soda out of a glass bottle is a rarity now.  I just can't get enough of it.  More places need this blast from the past.  There's also a great selection of drinks from south of the border.  Now if only Japanese restaurants in Philly could get some of those wacky Japanese sodas here I would be happy.  Mitsuya Cider... yes please!I have always been a big fan of hole in the wall places and Jose's Tacos definitely fits that description. Despite the decor, my order of spicy chicken tostados was excellent. The dish came out with 3 tostados, covered with a thin layer of guac, sour cream, spicy chicken, salsa, shredded cheese and shredded lettuce for $6. I liked this place because they don't load their stuff with alot of goopy cheese. Everything was put together in the perfect amount. The staff was also friendly which is always a big plus!Kind of a hole-in-the-wall but if you get past the fact that it's kind of in a poor location (i live about 2 blocks away and i get sketched out by the walk to jose's), you will defintely enjoy their food. pretty small inside with a few tables but the staff is pretty chill and more importantly, makes pretty good food. i haven't had everything on their menu but their burritos and tacos are pretty good. Everything on their menu is cheap. one downside is that they put too much rice in their burritos but its seems a lot of places go heavy with the rice these days (NOT my preference, just saying that other places go rice heavy too).Something has been going on with this place lately. It's become a serious 50/50 crapshoot as to whether this place is going to be open when I stop by. At first I thought maybe it had something to do with the December holidays and that they had gone on vacation. But that stopped seeming like the reason when December rolled over into January and January rolled over into February. Then I thought, maybe they've decided to close on Mondays and Tuesdays because they're open on weekends? Well, I just stopped by on a Friday afternoon, definitely a time that they should be open and they're closed. What gives man, I just want some delicious burritos for lunch/dinner! Please, somebody, anybody, post a sign somewhere, anywhere with Jose's "new" hours so I can know when to stop by!I was told about Joses by a friend of who moved in near it. We ordered take out from there and to be honest I wasn't very impressed. I think it had to do with what I ordered. I went back months later and got some of the most mind blowing tacos I've ever had. If you want good authentic tacos then come here. Just like everyone says you need to get Chips and guacamole. Also make sure you get everything on the tacos with spicy hot sauce.All in all, probably my favorite tacqueria in the city.  Good hearty stuff, semi-easy parking.  'Nuff said.NO ONE GO HERE, EVERYONE STEER CLEAR!
....Sh.... are they gone? Good. See, the thing is: this place is delicious. A super-affordable diamond in the rough. And the atmosphere is exactly what you'd expect from a mom and pop shop. A little rough around the edges, a freezing cold bathroom, a little kid running around eating bites of dishes mom hands him. It even took a little longer than I expected considering we were the only three people in the building that didn't work there....
But then I had a bite of the grilled fish taco and I forgot almost everything else.
This grilled fish gets the job done in the most delicious way possible. We split the guac, a hearty serving of smooth and creamy avocado glory. Valentino hot sauce flows freely on every table, and it's kind of an unspoken (well, no one spoke to us) "BYOB" so just like.... play it cool, and you're fine to bring your own dranks. Which is what we did. I also got a carnitas taco (which I loved) and a steak taco (which was a-ok, but nothing to write home about. Slathered in hot sauce -- DELISH.)
Grab some tacos before a show at Union Transfer, try to focus on the fish, and don't look around too much at your surroundings, and you'll be set.This place is awesome, the food is great and it is truly "authentic". They deliver too which is an added bonus. I highly recommend!This place is temporarily closed. Went last night around 7 something PM and they were closed. There is a sign on the front of the establishment that says a restaurant name that I forgot, but it says it's "coming soon". Pretty disappointing because the food here seems great and decently priced. I'm hoping that whatever new management gets this place keeps high standards for their food.Discovered this place from a colleague and saw it on yelp.  I'm a huge fan of mexican food and always looking for new places to discover. This is a hole in the wall, cheap, Authentic Mexican Food :)  Remember Cash Only!  Can eat in, but take out and they deliver!!!! 
Ambiance: so if i was driving by this place I would never go in just on a whim, its on the corner with green neon lights. Saying that though inside is clean.  no fancy decor, just a couple of tables.  
Staff/Service: friendly, service is good.
Food:  now to the best part... 
appetizers- got the guacamole and chips which also come with a salsa that is a mixture of a pica de gallo and salsa verde kind of salsa.  .  The guacamole is creamy and fresh. I wont say its the best ive ever had, but I finished it and i enjoyed each bite. ;)  the salsa was very good!  
entrees:  I got the carnita tacos w cilantro and onions w/ salsa verde.  the meat was cooked right and it was pretty good.  i do prefer al pastor over carnitas, but they did not have that on their menu.  my husband got the spicy chicken burrito, wet style.  he really enjoyed his burrito, and i had a bite and it was quite delicious.  the sauce on the burrito was very good.  the chipotle salsa had a kick to it but wasnt a huge fan of it.  
i enjoyed my dinner, and would come again.  It is a great place for cheap authentic mexican food!  Next time I will try some dessert.Carnitas tacos were the highlight of my meal.  The meat was crispy and moist.  Also had a fish taco and a "tinga" taco, spicy pulled chicken.  All the tacos were topped with shredded iceberg lettuce and some sour cream.  This worked on the chicken and pork, but gave the sour cream gave the fish tacos an unpleasant flavor.  The fish was also not as fresh as it could have been.  I ordered all tacos "hot" but the only one that was more than slightly spicy was the carnitas.  The tinga could have been spicier.  Adding some salsa verde remedied this situation.
Chips, guacamole and salsa verde tided us over while we waited for our meal.  The salsa was on point, nicely spicy but not too much so.  Guac was tasty and satisfying and chips were fine.
Looking forward to going back and trying some more menu items.Great Lunch under $8. They make almost everything fresh right there! Awesome Quesdilla.. fresh(steamy), flavors were on the spot and zero or low oil. Hot Salsa is top notch. There are lot of traditional Mexican food on the menu.
Totally worth going there for a next time! 
Cash only! Less seating space! (who cares) 
But Food is great!Jose's Tacos might not seem like much on the outside, but it is truly a marvelous place!
The food is amazing - very fresh and definitely cooked with love to perfection. This is a marvelous place for lunch with a small group (no more than four). It is a very small place but the menu is extensive and the inside has a homey feel.
Also, if you get the chance, introduce yourself to Jose cooking behind the counter. He is incredibly friendly!You can find Joses by going behind the Spaghetti Warehouse. It is a small BYOB taqueria.  The staff is friendly and makes really tasty food. I recommend you go to Joses and see for your self.