Don't do it. Sometimes southern food or 'meat and threes' do not quite remind you or Gramma or have corn bread the way mama used to make it. THAT could be forgiven. The food was late and honestly quite bad in general. The portion size was huge which was much appreciated. Maybe the extra million strings of fiber was included in the yams to ensure I got enough fiber in my diet today, I have no clue, but the yams were inedible. The mac and cheese was some weird combination of velveta and absolutely terrible southern mac and cheese that was very oily and salty yet void of any other flavor. The smothered pork chops looked great until I realized that the tricky cooks managed to give me bones in the shape of a chop that only had choice morsels of unchewable meat and fat attached. I would tell you about the cornbread, but they must have decided to cut me a break because it was not included in the delivery as promised. 
I gave all the way up on this food. It will not go in the refrigerator for future consideration. The ginormous amount of food has been lovingly and tightly packaged for my friends at the sanitation department on trash day.This establishment has fallen off terribly. I don't know if it's because there's been a change in cooks or what, but their food has now become mediocre soul food. Nothing to write home about.Unnecessarily long waiting times for food.  I ordered breakfast. Two egg and bacon sandwiches, homefries with eggs on the side.  It nearly took 25 minutes.  When I tasted the home fries, the only ingredient was salt.  No pepper or onions added.  Very nasty taste.  Disgusting customer service, disgusting food and inconsiderate waiting time.  This spot will never get another dime from me.The food is hit or miss. The mac and cheese is good and the cornbread, as for everything else.. quality of food is not that great. I only go here as a last resort for lunch. The great thing they have going for them is the cakes they sell in the refrigerated section. They're all great! However, I realized they were from Denise's bakery. If you do choose to stop by here I would definitely recommend trying one of the cakes.My best friend told me about Just To Serve You Restaurant, so since I was craving for a little soul food I gave them a try. I decided to place my order through Grubhub. I order the Fried Chicken Platter. It came with a side of Baked Mac & Cheese, Sweet Potatoes & Corn Bread. 
1. The delivery was on time & my order was hot !!
2. The portions were huge !!!
3. My Meal was okay. The fried chicken was good. I was happy that it wasn't over seasoned, nor over cooked. The corn bread & Sweet potatoes were decent. I added a little brown sugar & cinnamon to my Sweet potatoes to make them more to my liking. The baked Mac & cheese was okay, I was hoping for a little more. Who doesn't love a good Mac & Cheese. 
4. I did order around 5:15 pm, knowing they close @ 7 pm on a Sundays. Overall It was okay. I can see myself ordering from here again, maybe go for the Chicken Fettuccine Alfredo.. 3.5 Stars !!!Amazing food! HORRIBLE ass customer service. I called to place and order and the girl literally asked me to repeat it 7 times then she put me on hold and never came back. I called back and another girl answered, apologized and took my order again. Then she said it'll be 45-1hr and I'm like what, for a pick up. So I said ok, then I called back to cancel bc we were already in the area and that was too long of a wait. Of course, NO ONE answered. I called 3 times and they kept ignoring my call. Since I was so close by, I walked in and told them that I was trying to call to cancel and no one answered. They were so nonchalant. Then I told them that an hour was too long. They didn't care. It was like 3 girls and 1 guy at the cash register. They all looked at my like I had 7 heads. It's so frustrating that our people can't run a business and do it professionally with great customer service. This situation is so typical. Good food, not a care about pleasing their customer. So frustrating. This just happened tonight. I'm hungry af and annoyed af!This is my third time eating here and the food is really good. The first two times I had the soul food platter. One catfish and the other fried chicken. I've had collard greens, yams, and Mac and cheese. Which have all been good. (SN: last time my Mac wasn't as good it tasted old and like it was scraped from the bottom of the pan). However, I had the breakfast today which I posted a picture of and its really good. I have had the cakes and strawberry lemonade which are amazing. I'll definite be back to try something else. Customer service isn't bad and my wait times have varied from 20 minutes to one hour. Which I don't mind because I like fresh food. I also call ahead and place my order for pick up. Overall I like this place.
Sn: in my photo of the chicken Alfredo it is really good just not enough Chicken for me personally. So next time I would ask for extra. And it comes with a side of cornbread.Soul food done well. Large portions at reasonable prices. The wide menu makes it hard to decide on what to order. A quick piece of advice, order at least a half hour in advance. The wait can be lengthy at times.I love this place , over the years  I have fought with the girls at the counter, one time I didn't like my chicken, I have ordered delivery from far places and they came. I have ordered for my Squad. This restaurant is like my boo!! Lol All time comfort food spot. When I come here and order the best Mac and cheese in the world and 3 chocolate chip cookies and a pound cake, that means im stressed. After there Mac and cheese, I can move on with life!!!!! . Really though!! This is my spot!!! Food delicious. Customer service great most of the time.I've had good and bad experiences with this place. My biggest complaint would be how long it takes for delivery. I waited 2 hours for two platters. They should work on that. If you don't mind the wait go for itI called the restaurant to check the status of my meal after it was about 15 minutes past the ETA. They just told me it was out with the driver but did not provide an ETA. They were very short. The driver got there a half hour later. The food was terrible. Everything was too salty. It was hard to eat. I was very displeased.This is my first time here and the chicken/shrimp Alfredo is everything. They give you a good portion and the food is tasty with big shrimp. I will be back. I also accepted peppers, onions and old bay when they asked if I wanted to add it.I gave this place two stars in hopes that they will improve their customer service and wait times. The food is great and everything I've ever ordered has been delicious. I just don't understand why it takes so long. I would recommend calling ahead but attempting to do so can leave you with a headache. I usually receive an attitude over the phone, they have run out of most everything, or they just don't bother to pick up the phone and take my order in the first place.Went there yesterday i ordered 3 platers 2 chicken breasts platers 1 bbq chicken breast the girl at the counter was not friendly messed up my order i had to wait another 30minutes the mash potatoes was cold and nasty my chicken breasts was not done all the way and To salty.any other time the food is good must been who was working that day no love in the food.I have been to this soul food establishment several times off and on for a few years. I have been to both location. I really try to patronize the neighborhood soul food restaurants, even if I'm dissatisfied - I'll give them another chance. However I visited the Girard ave location Friday night 2-10-17. I ordered a chicken breast platter with potato salad & string beans. Well the chicken breast was so big and thick it wasn't completely done & toooooo salty!!!! The string beans were mushy & potato salad was just ok. Now this was my first visit back to them in about a year or so -- I couldn't believe that this fried chicken was the same and toooo salty!!! I really don't like wasting money,but i did tonight. Oh yeah I had the strawberry lemonade, what a waste of $2.00 - altogether I spent about $19.00. I guess you know I will not be back. I hope they read this review and just improve there food.I love this place. I moved here from the south a few years ago and this is the only spot I've found that tastes like home. So far I've had mac and cheese, greens, potato salad, meatloaf, chicken alfredo, and strawberry shortcake and enjoyed them all. The cornbread is really good too! My friend and I love this place. The portions are always really hefty too because I always have leftovers. I've only ordered takeout so my opinion is only on the quality of food, not dining services. With delivery, my food always arrives hot and early. 
Please consider adding fried okra to your side menu!Just to Serve you is a family establishment located in West Philly. This is one of my sometimes desired soul food restaurants in the city. The portions are a good size and you can get two meals out of one. The food is normally good, at times it can be greasy but still edible. The mac and cheese, turkey wings and potato salad are my favorites but the turkey chops are way too small.  The female owner needs to work on her attitude then maybe her staff will follow suit; I'm just saying. Oh, what's up with the merchandise being sold. It's a restaurant not a retail store. Too much going on in that tiny space. Focus on the food, good customer service and preparing meals within thirty minutes or less. Overall, I enjoy this place and you will too.Food is good i always order from here but today was a very bad experience I ordered my food at 6:00p.m and did not receive it until after 8p.m it was over a two hour wait. When i called store i had to call over 7 times to get through and speak with someone.. the person i spoke with was polite but over 2 hours for delivery is just outrageous.I have been to the 5th Street establishment several times and the food has always been excellent. This time I went to Girard Ave location and was very disappointed. I was craving the fried wings...however these tasted awful. They were over greasy and not sure if they were fried in old grease but they did not taste anywhere as good as the 5th Street site. My mash potatoes weren't mashed...still had whole potatoes. And the chicken was salty. Very disappointed. I will stick to the 5th Street location. Broke my heart cause I really love their food. Never been disappointed before.I went to an event where Just to Serve you catered the event. The food was AMAZING! The macaroni and cheese was some of the best I ever had!!!! The string beans were crunchy and seasoned very well. The baked chicken was seasoned and crispy!!!!! I highly recommend this restaurant!!!I wish I could give this -100%....received what was suppose to be a fried Turkey chop sandwich...however it was more like a wet mess...we I asked to fix the order I waa greeted with an attitude. My Turkey wing gravy was lumpy and salty....bbq chicken Ugh!!!!
Never again....I got the Alfredo, and while it was a HUGE portion, the sauce had very little viscosity and was almost watery.... tasted cheap. But it still tasted good, I wouldn't try it again though I'd prefer to get something else. BUT, the peach cobbler?! Boyyyy, tasted so good make you want to slap yo...Good food, both breakfast and dinner options. Give this place a try.This place is a favorite of one of my co-workers and came highly recommended. It's a bit far from my place but luckily they deliver. Got the ribs, mac and cheese, and yams and I must say they were all phenomenal. I got a small and the thing must weigh 10 lbs. The corn bread was probably the best I've had from a soul food place. Delivery charge was a bit high, but then again it was a pretty far drive for them. If you're in the area, you won't be disappointed.I have had food from this place and I absolutely loved it!! Brought food for the whole family for dinner and they raved about it. The woman that helped me, was very friendly and had a great personality.  I was so sad when I moved out the area because where I live now in the Northeast Philly restaurant I haven't been able to find another place as good.  But the good thing is they deliver to my job and so I realized I was in the mood for a good home cooked meal tonight and ordered food for the family tonight :-) I don't mind waiting 45 minutes for it to be delivered to my job for me to carry home because I live too far and they don't deliver to my area...I wish they did.  Overall I always recommend people to go to this place.food used to be good 10yrs ago,  my husband and i decided to give them another shot because the very last time we ate there it was horrible, potato salad uncooked, salmon mushy, presentation sloppy. then we ordered a tray of cornbread which  they had 3 days to prepare and when my husband went to pick it up they told him it was cooked somewhere else and he had to ride there to get it. a 35 min. drive
 needless to say that ride never to place and that was the last and final chance for just to serve you. i'll give my $$to the chinese before they get another red cent. i threw them a pity star cuz  they returned the $  but the servive and food are truly -1.Would give 0 stars if possible.. fell waaay off!! Bad customer service. Use to frequent this eatery. Person taking orders could use a little training in customer service. Turkey meatloaf look like a brick of dog food with can gravy in top. Will not go back. Waste if money and long wait times.I've been eating from just2serve you for a few years now. They deliver in my area where most places wouldn't. The food is always hot, fresh and delicious. The delivery takes a while but the hostesses are polite and always lets you know how long it may be, but it's worth the wait. I enjoy the homemade lemonade and fresh deserts. It was only once or twice that I wasn't happy, but it was cool I still called againReally good soul food. A little salty for my liking but many people have told me my taste buds are soul-less.  It takes a very long time to get your food.  Every time I've ordered food and they've said "30 minutes" it's taken more like an hour.  Regardless, the flavors are awesome and and well worth the wait.  The reason why I give this place 4, instead of 3 stars is because they have Denise's cakes there.  I am able to kill 2 birds with one (fat butt) stone.  Yes, I agree, they could be more friendly.  I feel like an establishment that has that much clientele should be a little more friendly to the people that wait to eat their food. I'm not going to take it from them, it's a supply and demand world. 
A brief highlight of the food I've eaten here ;
fried whiting
yams
mac and cheese
collard greens
bbq wings
No complaintsBig servings, good price, decent service, but it was all too, too sweet.  
The entire platter tasted like dessert from the BBQ chicken, sure sauce can be sweet but this was diabetic coma sweet with hardly any tang, the greens were sweet as can be, no hint of vinegar.  The yams just tasted like a box of brown sugar, and the corn bread was like the sweetest cupcake I have ever had.  The mac and cheese was nothing to write home about.Just to serve is good place to go for soul food. I love it only had one problem last year I had egg shells in my
Potato salad. Live to far to go back. I gave them another play and wasn't disappionted.So big ups from meDon't do it .. I ordered from this place frequently until one day they sent the wrong order after calling back to speak to someone about the mix up they left me on hold for 30min after explaining the issue.. me being pregnant and irritated by then I drive up to the store to get treated with the same nasty attitude I got while on the phone by this time I'm embarrassed I ever spent my money here .. I give them back all the food they gave me and explained to them that I will no longer be ordering from here and I would like a refund because what they sent me was not what I usually order. I asked for a manger they said someone will call me .. I never received a call after standing in the store for 40min and they still refused to give me my money back.. I've never been treated so rudely by a place of business that frequently spent money with ..This is my third time eating here and the food is really good. The first two times I had the soul food platter. One catfish and the other fried chicken. I've had collard greens, yams, and Mac and cheese. Which have all been good. (SN: last time my Mac wasn't as good it tasted old and like it was scraped from the bottom of the pan). However, I had the breakfast today which I posted a picture of and its really good. I have had the cakes and strawberry lemonade which are amazing. I'll definite be back to try something else. Customer service isn't bad and my wait times have varied from 20 minutes to one hour. Which I don't mind because I like fresh food. I also call ahead and place my order for pick up. Overall I like this place.
Sn: in my photo of the chicken Alfredo it is really good just not enough Chicken for me personally. So next time I would ask for extra.This restaurant has fell-off tremendously. They lack professional customer service and are vey, very bad on timing. I work with GrubHub and waited over an hour for a customer's order. They didn't even offer anything to make up for the time wasted for me or the customer. I'm surprised they are still in business being as though their food isn't as good as it used to be. Dear Just To Serve You Proprietors/Managers, PLEASE HIRE MORE PROFESSIONAL STAFF AND COOKS!! Thank you.
Sincerely,
AN ANGRY CUSTOMER/DELIVERY DRIVER.Great food. Bad attitudes. Slow service. If thus family owned business wants to grow they should learn how to smile and be friendly to their customers. But if you are hungry the food will make up for the distasteful staff.I finally ordered from this small business after almost a year of going back and forth. I have to say for the most part I was not disappointed. The service was great. The girl in the front was nice and did not mind me asking questions. I ordered two platters of wings with sides over the phone. When she told me the price, I was slightly surprised. But it was okay. When I arrived to the store to pick up my food I ended up waiting about another 15 minutes. They were a little busy, so it's understandable. I was happy to see it was clean and didn't smell like old grease. Some small businesses tend to have that old food smell. So that was a big plus for me. Even though people came in and out, it was relatively quiet. When my food was ready and she passed me the bag, I quickly realized where all my money went. Talk about BIG portions. We ate off those platters for three days! I was NOT disappointed. Let me talk about food quality. There's not much you can say about American 'soul food' when it's made well. The food was very good overall. Nothing too complex. The fried wings, mac n cheese, and greens were very flavorful and good. The yams I was not too keen on. They were slightly dry and had a lot of strings in them. I had to fix them when I got home. After that, they were okay. Overall, I was satisfied and would definitely go back to try some other dishes.The customer so bad. Worker is so mad, when i ask how long the order will be ready. People waiting for food. Not see your attituade.I had the fried whiting w/yams & collard greens....everything was FRESH and presented well. The flavor was GREAT!!!! 
I'm not a BIG FAN of soul food restaurants because most establishments  tend to over season,over salt , over cook, OH and over REHEAT the food too much for me. I was definitely impressed with the  quality and quantity of my meal. 
My reason for giving a 3rating .....the WAIT .....was FUCKING ridiculous and the CUSTOMER SERVICE....PLEASE, don't exist at this location. I did walk-in on the weekend during lunchtime which I now know is their highest volume so in the FUTURE I will call in advance.The building is a HOLE in the WALL,to my understanding they've been there for some time now ,they need to renovate, its not a good look for NEW customers. So my recommendation is to try this place on a weekday ,place your order at the beginning of business hours and don't look for a Greeting and a Smiling face from the order takers. EnjoyVery good food the only thing is delivery may take a lil long but maybe that's because I'm looking forward to more and hope they keep up the good work.Its ok...I had a whiting fish platter with broccoli and mac. The mac&&cheese was good but SUPER GREASY... n I know butter makes everything better but that definitely was too much butter in the broccoli!!! N I'm not one of those skinny girls who exercise after every meal no I can eat a horse, cow and house n not gain a pound however I could feel my arteries clogging as I ate my food. On the upside of things u get large portions. Wouldn't go back n the food is definitely overratedBest Soul Food In The City , Service Is Just A Lil Slow But Overall Great Experience (BBQ Jerk Chicken Amazing)I use to enjoy food from this place but just like so many other businesses, there's no consistency. Some days you'll get nice pieces of fish, others you may get a few ok pieces with a bunch of scraps. The platters are about $13. To some that may not be much but I'm not paying $13 for scraps.Once again I placed my order through Grubhub. I order a Large Chicken Alfredo with a Strawberry Lemonade. My order arrived faster then the estimated time given to me. My order was hot & the portions were Huge !!! The Chicken Alfredo has a Cajun flare to it, a little spicy but delicious. I was a bit disappointed to found out that the restaurant ran out of Strawberry Lemonade but I was issues a refund.  
4 Stars ****
 (Next Time, I hope they have plenty of Strawberry Lemonade)   :DComfort food!!! Great fried catfish, homestyle Mac and cheese delicious cabbage.
I highly recommend this restaurant for a good sized homestyle meal.Food is pretty good. I've been there 3 times. Each time I get fried chicken mac and cheese and potatoes salad. Each time my food was very good.  Waiting time was the worst. I may have waited 45 minutes or so, probably more. Next time I will call ahead.i read the post. and i'm all about supporting black owned businesses!!! "but the reality of it is the food has deteriorated over the years and that is fact not fiction, i'm not the only one who says it i'm just being honest. and that's part of owning a black business or any business. taking negative feedback and turning it around to improve. i don't say things to hurt i jus speak in truth and i'm not even a person who writes or reads reviews, however the service was not good and the food has taken a dip as far as taste is concerned. sorry i stand by my truthI'm not impressed with this slow, over priced soul food. Staff is sometimes friendly it just depends on who is working that day.Chicken and waffles? Great. Customer service? HORRIBLE. Every time I call to place an order or go in this Daria Morgendorffer of West Philly answers the phone or is at the counter. Dry & miserable AF. She has the energy of a hair brush & she's jacked up my order on more than one occasion. My food is usually good, nice portions but getting to it is always a sad experience knowing that young sad bitter girl is at the counter or answering the phone. I literally just hung up on her since she wanted to pretend she didn't understand the words chicken & waffles & place order. Maybe she needs a coffee drip? I don't know but she just turns me off from the place. Too bad.Their turkey winds are not tender but their shrimp alfredo is ALL THAT ! Fresh and delicious!! Will come back for moreWell...I can't say enough about the mac & cheese. It's the best I have ever had. Everything I get from there is great. The corn bread is awesome as well. Ugh!  I want some now!I love this place..
Soon when I hit philly from VA I get doordash to get my meal..
Love their wings.. hell everything..
Best oxtails..
We need more soulfood places vs Chinese stores..
Love this is a community restaurant..Soooo, I was working late the other night and when I got home, my non-cooking hubby looks at me all puppy dog eyed and says, "What are we gonna eat?" I was soo tired and didn't feel like cooking. 
I called around to find out a local spot (I'm new in the area) that had either good soul food or cooked seafood that was still open at 9:00 on a Wednesday. Well, my big sis suggested Just To Serve You. She says "it's a bit small, but the food is good and so is the service." Hubby and I called ahead to order our meal and when  we arrived, everything was ready. 
We ordered fried catfish, mac-n-cheese, and green beans. The catfish platter also came with steak fries and was only $6!!!!! (without the mac or beans) The fish was as big as my head...and I have a big head!! Fast forward to an hour after we received/ate our meals at home and hubby and I are darn near comatose on the couch...relishing in the memory of such a great meal. Everything was soooooo good, and it takes a lot for me to say that ('specially if it aint true..) since I grew up eating soul food. 
So, I'm giving J.T.S.Y. five stars for great grub, and great/speedy service. Yes, it's a small place. I suggest take out, but there are chairs if you choose to dine in. Try it out. Yes, you'll enjoy it. No, you may be not able to function or stay awake afterwards...Just a warning.I have a bittersweet feeling about this place. I love the breakfast options . I've had the catfish, seafood cakes & whiting with grits ....all were amazing ! Their cornbread is so yummy and moist that I always get two. A bit on the pricier side but they pack their containers so it's worth it. 
This place definitely needs a renovation but maybe not because look where their located. Also, the customer service is horrible. It would be nice to have a well spoken, polite person take orders over the phone and show some customer servicing skills. The wait time is a bit absurd but it well worth it. It's just not your typical in & out breakfast spot; even if you ordered in advance. I recommend calling 25 min ahead of time for sure ! 
This is a black owned business and I want to see it do amazing things! If they can improve their appearance just a bit and add customer service; people would flock here and they would extend their customer base.I ordered a fried Chicken Breast platter w/ yams, Mac & cheese and cabbage! Amazing! Delivery was normal at 45 minutes. I will definitely order again. So much food that I can make 2 plates!Very good food. My team ordered and I picked up a total of 12 platters. Everyone loved what they got. The place was clean and did not smell like greasy food or a hugh mix of food. I appreciate that! The young lady was very nice. We are planning to order from them again.Good food, but I feel they need improvement in customer service and timeliness! I was told my food would be ready within a half hour. I arrived in 30 minutes and had to wait another 30 for my food to be done. They weren't apologetic at all.Best soul food in the city!! Chicken alfredo, potatoe salad, fish, roast beef, yams and green...ALL THAT!!this is the 1st time i ordered from here and the meal was just so-so. i had fried wings, garlic mashed potatoes, & greens. the wings were great, too big, but great. the garlic potatoes were ok, a bit runny, and the greens were good. they just needed to be cut up more. overall, it wasn't worth the price i paid. i may get the wings again as a pick-up order - delivery is $3.00. delivery time was good for a saturday nite. i may try a different side next time if i decide to go back.Falling off...worst food I ever had . The lady that took my order had a bad attitude. The food had a horrible taste like frozen food. Try to support but never again  30 dollars wasted . I sould have went out a gave that money to  the homeless . They need to train there people how to treat there customers and get better cooks . Without the people there will be no store .Had J.T.S.Y cater my holiday office party this year...couldn't have been happier.  Would have been five stars, but they don't take credit cards over the phone (it's a hike from where I work and live) and if I would have sent one of my co-workers down there late at night in that neighborhood, they would have asked me was I crazy.  Anyway, the food was awesome and the portions could have fed double the people that were there...maybe triple.  Thanks Nate, you'll certainly get repeat business from us!Fantastic food, but you have to go through hell to get it.  They've forgotten entire entrees.  No apology.  They've been out of many side dishes but I still get charged the extra fee. 
  Tonight they were out of shepard pie. Didn't call to see if we wanted something else.  I only found out through GrubHub.  GrubHub couldn't contact them so they canceled the order. 
  Then I get a call from the restaurant saying my order is ready, but I have to pay an additional $7 delivery fee.   I thought they were just going to deliver what they had for free as a gesture to make up for screwing up.  ha ha. 
   They called me back 20 minutes late (90 minutes since I ordered) and ask me where the money is from GrubHub.   Since they already charge $5 for delivery and then they wanted another $7 on top of that, I just canceled the whole thing. 
     It's just not worth it.Please do not order food from this place! I ordered 3 platters from here and every single one was horrible. I should have cancelled my order when I entered the restaurant because all of the food didn't look fresh. The mac and cheese that was displayed was burned throughout and I had to ask them to get me some that wasn't. The employee went to the kitchen to get me a new batch which was still burnt! The candied yams should be listed on the menu as candied hair because that's exactly what it tasted like. I had to pull out string after string with each bite. The texture was like clumpy matted hair. No exaggeration! The absolute worst part of my meal was the greens. Every single bite had a crunch to it in between the leaves like little stones or rocks and I had to stop eating immediately because I'd realized that it was no way that those greens had ever seen any running water. Absolutely FILTHY and UNSANITARY!!!! Not to mention the others who ate the platters felt horribly that same night into the next day! Please don't put your health at risk.This was the best choice for catering my office party. I had a great blend of different tastes. All the food was great. Delivered hot , set up and on time. Prices were reasonable and serving sizes was great! They aimed to please and they did well.You'd think as high as there prices are the food would be a lot better. Not my first or second choice but the deserts are okokay, i would have given this place a full 4 stars...here is why i dont.  My first time there, i had the short ribs pretty good.  Took forever though.  Sides were banging greens and mac(not baked but still good) husky portions.  Second time i went back for breakfast, cheese eggs turkey bacon and home fries(banging), still waited like an hour for my food.  Went back again on a weekday, food was not the same, maybe a different cook? but not as good.  Found that everytime i went the food was cooked differently and it was either hit or miss, when its good it really good and when its not its overpriced and horrible.  I do like the fact its black owned and not some fly by night korean owned joint.  
my advice when dealing with this place? dont go in the middle of the week, expect them not to answer the phone when ordering.  Big portions though and when its good its really worth it.  Sorry service is not consistent and neither is the food.Terrible customer service. My husband and I went for lunch. We placed our order and waited for about an hour before inquiring about how much longer before our platters were done. The young lady who took our order stated she didn't know how much longer our food would be because the cooks refused to answer her when she inquired about our order. This is a classic example of why it's difficult to patronize African American businesses.Amazing soulfood! My wife and I cant get enough of it. Its like thanksgiving whenever u want it. 
I've had pretty much everything they have to offer. The fried tilapia is the best I've had. Thats usually my go to, but the meatloaf and roast beef are good too.
Sometimes the macoroni and cheese is a little salty, but still as good as your mama can make it! 
Their wait times are very long. I'd advise calling in, and not going to pick up for about 45 mins to and hour. Their customer service is not really good either. They seem to answer the phones only when they feel like it sometimes. Good thing the food is really good.The food is very very good...the service is what is lacking (at times).
The mac & cheese is...let's say, I would bathe in it!  The homemade iced tea is delish.  They have expanded their menu beyond tradtional soul food and that is a bit daunting to me.  It take a long time to get your order, and they don't apologize for it.  Sooo, if they tell you twenty minutes, plan for 40.  They do have tables and a tv going to pass the time.I called and placed an order for a rib platter with Mac and cheese and greens. The mac and cheese was salty, the greens were okay and that little piece of rib with 3 bones just pissed me off for $12.50. I don't know what's up with these soul food spots getting cheap with that food. I gotta find a better spot.I really dislike when people write poor reviews based on one aspect or one experience with an eatery. My sentiments about Just To Serve you are compiled from 4 years of experience ordering from them. In a nutshell, I have never loved an establishment's food and genuinely hated their business practices more than this place. 
I used to get food delivered from them until the fateful day that it took them 2.5 hours to deliver .10 (one tenth) of a mile to my office. When I called to inquire about the delay I was informed "sometimes we get orders downtown first." That makes so much sense....
Not to be deterred I decided to start picking up my order. Not once ever was my food prepared in the time range they provided which could be anywhere from 30 to 90 minutes. The whopper was today when I was told my order would be ready in 30 minutes. Forty minutes later I arrived to an unapologetic cashier who informed me she was "just about to call you" to tell me they didn't have the ingredients for my order available. Why would you call me to tell me that 40 minutes after I ordered, 10 minutes after when you told my order would be ready by and 15 minutes before my work lunch hour would be up? Inconsiderate, horrible customer service. I wonder if it's because the neighborhood holds them to no expectation in terms of service just as long as it's hot and delicious.
I went on hiatus from ordering here after I ordered a catering job from them in November. Not to disappoint, I showed up to pick up my order and low and behold... Guess what? It wasn't ready!!!!! The joy! The glee! The comfort in knowing someone would reliably fail you as usual. 12 days they had my catering order prior to my pick up and even with 17280 some minutes to prepare my entire catering sized large order was still 45 minutes late.
Their food is good. It's absolutely not worth the pathetic business practices one has to endure. If you have an absolute hankering then deal with them at your own risk. Bonus: they carry the best baked goods from Denise's Bakery so you can always have some cake while you wait the extra 45 minutes for your order. The baked goods are about the sweetest thing in there since the staff always seems to be more unhappy with their jobs than you are.I visited Just to Serve (JTSY) you 2 Sundays ago for the 1st time and am declaring this the best soul food in W. Philly. Me & my mom went back last Sunday and ordered by phone before we went to pick it up. By the time we got there 1/2 hr later the food wasn't ready. It wasn't ready until about 15 minutes later (45 mins total since phone call). We weren't completely upset because we knew we were going to enjoy the food. BUT... I checked my bag before leaving and to my dismay they had given us the WRONG ORDER!  Someone else was given our food that left the restaurant ahead of us. The staff never apologized for the mixup, never offered us anything in return, but told us we could wait if we wanted the food because the other customer called & was coming back with our food or we could reorder our meal. There's no way we were going to accept food that someone had taken home since that's unsanitary (even if it wasn't touched) and no way we wanted to wait 30-45 minutes longer! While JTSY's food is phenomenal, the girls at the front are lacking in polite customer service which made me & my mom ditch the order, get a refund, and go to another soul food spot that day. 
I suggest you all provide training in customer service for your front counter staff because no matter how amazing the food, people want service with a smile no matter how stressful the work is. I'm not trying to "rag" on the restaurant but offering advice to make your business even more successful. I'm proud to have a prosperous Black-owned business in the neighborhood. But in any business, you are privileged to have a customer and not the other way around. I left them an email that I would be posting this on Yelp.com as well. Please work on the customer service issue. Maybe there's another solution- like changing procedures to assure double/triple checking orders like the fast food places do; adding additional staff who only greet & take orders; working in teams with an order taker/runner so 1 person isn't stuck doing everything; or adding additional kitchen staff. I will be back eventually but you lost a customer last week because of staff negligence.Was around when this place first opened and it's gone extremely downhill since then. Recipes have changed for the worse but proces continued to soar upwards. Wait time is entirely too long for the amount of staff. Delivery takes hours and you get cold food that the restaurant doesnt seem to care about. Customer service isnt the best and the food is mediocre. Don't waste you money or time in my opinion..Wish I could give them a zero.... my turkey wings are pink... I called the girl didn't even care. I told her I couldn't bring it back because I dnt get off wrk until 11.... she said well we close at 9... NEVER AGAIN....Been here a few times before and they were pretty good. I recently went a few days ago and they gave me chicken that was fried days ago and reheated smh. Soggy as hell barely crispy. Got a side of potato salad that was going bad. I don't want sides thats expiring in the next few hours. The yams and mac and cheese were good. This is why i like to check my food. If i'm paying full price i expect all my damn food FRESHGreat food! Kinda pricey. Service is okay....
Nothing major.  The cashiers don't smile, it's kinda sorta like you owe them something.  The food is a bit expensive but since it's a small black business I support.  I would support more if the service was better.This is my go to place when I dont feel like cooking. Love the whiting, Mac cheese, red bliss potatoes and cornbread. My daughter has gotten the mussels and they were huge. One thing I will say if you don't like spice (hot) you may want to let them know to hold the heat bc they put heat on everything.The food is good except for the fish..i picked up a whitting fish platter today and the fish looked like strips I have never seen fish shaped like this ...it did have 6 of them...it almost looked like the end of the fish ...so I would say where is the rest...so need less to say with pick up and delivery check your food before you leave with it cause this was unacceptable...I placed a order on Grubhub, fried fish, green beans and macaroni tuna salad. I waited about one hour for my food outside in the car. Go back inside to pick it up. And the restaurant cancel my order because they didn't have macaroni tuna Smh now I have to wait another hour for food. Nope never again. Customers service sucks and nasty attitudes. Don't waste your money and time with this place. Top taste here I comeWhere do I begin?? Great atmosphere and excellent food. As a vegetarian, many offers for us and the food is fresh!! I enjoyed the Macaroni and Cheese, Sweet potatoes and spinach.  Most occasions I get the vegetables fried rice! Staff is friendly and helpful.  Happy EatsThe customer service at this place is horrible! I tried calling 4 times in one day-no answer. Finally someone answered the phone and threw me on hold for so long i just hung up. I guess i will have to take my chances and just go there to get the answer to my question! A damn shame!