The hotpot and bbq here is just as good as the one In northeast. If you live in south Philly or close by I would recommend coming here for their yummy food and also their new drink raspberry Hennessey islandThis was my first in-door dining experience since the pandemic. I'm originally from LA and was truly missing KBBQ. This hit the spot and made me feel at home, and safe! Staff wore gloves, masks, and face shields. The place is actually quite large and there was plenty of space between tables as well as clear protective barriers separating the tables. The only thing that I wish I had noticed was the sauce bar. I only noticed it towards the end of my meal, and by that time I was too full. They had fruit and lychee jello too. Definitely will be going back as it's only walking distance from me. Staff was really nice.great place for kbbq. reasonably priced, especially for lunch. $20 all you can eat, although there're a few things like short ribs that you can't get. but given that it's $10 cheaper i'm not complaining
i really liked the food. the kpot pork belly, bulgogi and short ribs were great. definitely helped satisfy the KBBQ craving.
two complaints: 1. it's very likely that you will be brought the wrong food so make sure you ask and know what the food should look like. We got the normal pork belly and kpot pork belly mixed up a few times (the kpot pork belly is way better), and were brought random other dishes we didn't order, and had a few things missing until we asked about it. 
2. the drinks are absolutely terrible. i got the watermelon marg. it tasted like straight syrup on shots of bad tequila.For all you Hot Pot and Korean BBQ lovers, this location is the perfect spot. It is big with plenty of space, however, not very convenient location wise. 
The place is BUSY so make sure to call and reserve ahead. They also prefer that your entire party is present, otherwise they may make you wait. If you don't have a reservation, the wait is 1-1.5hrs. 
The Hot Pot and Kbbq deal is on point, so I would recommend that. For hot pot, it's your typical standard concept. The Tom Yum and the Szcheuan Spicy was excellent. Both broths were not too spicy or mouth numbing in my opinion but very good. The broth wasn't too oily either which made it that much better.
KBBQ was delicious as well. Definitely get the angus beef, brisket, short ribs, and pork belly. 
The only thing downside was that the service was a little bit slow. It was a busy night for the restaurant, but my friends and I came around 9PM, so the service should have been a bit quicker. The ambiance is loud and busy as well, but definitely a great joint for all you hot pot lovers!Went to celebrate my boyfriend's bday. Neither of us had been to a Korean BBQ restaurant b4. We had both the all you can eat BBQ and the Hot pot. We quickly realized we were overwhelmed with choices. And therefore ordered dAmn near every meat/seafood/vegetable available. Everything was great though and it was a fun way to dine and celebrate. The sauce bar also has about 20 options to mix and match so be prepared to be overwhelmed again. But i followed some of the suggested sauce charts and it was good. Will definitely be back with more people.It was a nice hot pot. Wasn't a fan of the plastic utensils but overall, I had a good experienceFood and service was amazing and for an all u can eat it's priced fairly well about $40 with tip I'm happy!Besides the greeter who seated me, it seems no one here knows anything about customer service. The wait staff was weird and seemed out of place like they didn't know what they were doing. No one came by to ask us if we wanted refills or if we wanted to place any more orders of meat/sides. 
Speaking of the food: it was disappointing. Meat was too thin and the pork belly was all fat. In terms of safety (per covid-19): not great. They still have an open self-serve area for fruit and sauces?????? The sauces are left in an open area and with spoons in them...which probably 1000000 people are touching. Well, I mean there's a hand sanitizer station near the area but no one there to ensure that every person who is going up to get fruit/sauces sanitizes their hand. Which, I can attest that no one did bc I was sitting right in front of the open self serve station. Lost my appetite after seeing about 10 people touching the same spoons to then go back to their table and use their hands to make lettuce wraps. 
TLDR; eat at your own risk. 
I recently got a Korean bbq grill so I think I'm just going to stick to eating at home at this point.Umm, K Pot, where have you been all my life and why have I not discovered you until now??? This place is AWESOME. Seriously, everyone should go at least once in their life. And why not once, twice, make it a habit to eat here whenever you can, because it's seriously good eats, great value, fun ambiance, friendly service, the list goes on! I was feeling a Korean bbq kick while visiting DC and then found this place on Yelp. Score and shoutout to Yelpers for helping me find this place! Food, service, it's all phenomenal. Also super clean and love that everyone gets their own individual hot pot plate. I've always been a fan of hot pot and this place has endless choices. You basically can order whatever you want from their endless menu and just eat what you order so nothing goes to waste. My favorite is the beef bulgogi, Korean short rib, jumbo shrimp (so big), fish roe balls, fried tofu skins, I could really just go on and on. The servers are super nice about letting you try it all. It's a killer deal too. I came here two weeks in a row and the fatty in me is not ashamed that I already want to go back.Great service, great atmosphere, great drinks, and great food. I had a blast with my friends and had a blast without completely breaking my wallet.So, I think we figured it out.  Sit on the middle to left side when walking in but not om the right.  The right sides grills do not seem to get hot enough.  I've heard this from lots of friends who either have really amazing experiences or poor experiences.  
And last, the Tom Yum Broth and BBQ is seriously magical.  The service has always been pretty consistent as for the quality of ingredients.  
Hope they figure out how to fix the grills on the right side.Woooow this place is sooo worth it - bang for your buck. My friends and I did both hot pot and Kbbq and for what we paid I feel like we got more than enough in both quantity and quality. The kbbq was SO delicious and hotpot options were awesome. 
Special shoutout to our server AJ, who took very good care of us ;) 
Also they are taking a lot of covid precautions, including abundant usage of gloves for the customers, etc. 
Come support this business!Great food, great service, great atmosphere! I had a wonderful experience and they had a awesome and safe setup for my dining experience. I definitely plan to come back!The barbecue made noises, and a drop of hot oil slowly slid down the lines of the plump meat, which was intoxicating.  Sniffing and smelling slowly, the greedy worms are quickly aroused.  Finally couldn't help it, regardless of the hot, one bite is a big bite.Came here yesterday to celebrate my friend birthday party with at least 10 people, we brought our own custom made 8" cake for the birthday girl and so that we can share the cake afterwards. We gave the cake to Kpot workers and specifically told them to save it for our table and bring the cake out at the end (because Kpot has the tradition of coming out with their mascot bear if someone celebrating a birthday).
10 minutes right before we ask for the check/bill, we asked our waiter to bring out the cake, it took them awhile and then our waiter asked me to come up to the front to talk with the manager. Apparently Kpot 'new staff' gave our custom made cake to another customer and that customer took the cake home with them!! So now we are cakeless and the manager only offered to take off the cost of the cake to our bill and give the birthday girl tiny cupcake in exchange. 
For us, it was about the experience and the custom made cake that was supposed to be the highlight of the birthday, not about the money or whatever cost of the cake was, we have no problem paying for the bills!
It took 3 people to complained to the manager on how unacceptable that was and so the manager added 10% off to the bills- again we don't care about the bills but at this point all of us just want to leave the place so we accepted. 
In the end the birthday girl got 0.5" tiny cupcake in exchange for what supposed to be 8" custom made cake. We all know 0.5" and 8" is a BIG difference! The rest of us didn't even get to eat any cake cause of course what can you share with 0.5" cupcake!! 
I don't think we will be coming back to celebrate anyone birthday here.
And for anyone who will be coming to celebrate birthday, just don't bring your own cake to avoid disappointment!Good first impressions! My first time to K Pot in Philly! What is there more to love than a restaurant that combines Hot Pot and KBBQ!? Came here with a bunch of friends who had already ate here before, and first impressions were great!
Food/Drinks
- In regards to the quality of the food, I would it's pretty good for an AYCE place. You first pick whether you want Hot Pot, KBBQ, or both. Afterwards, you choose from a menu of all the ingredients you want (and the broth if you decide for Hot Pot. If you want my honest opinion, doing both Hot Pot + KBBQ is great, but you lose track on what you order for which and you'll start mixing the meats (though it probably doesn't matter). They have a full bar, and obviously a soju selection, which is great. I ordered a long island ice tea for fun, which was good and strong, though nothing special. As with most Korean places, the Soju mixes were good (1 pitcher can give 3/4 people 2-3 shots). Finally, they do have a sauce bar for you to make your own sauces!
Service/Environment
- Pretty hippy place. It has a huge parking lot in front so don't worry about parking. I was in a group of 6, and as we were ordering our food, they actually started coming out, haha. Server was attentive and wasn't overbearing, which was great! As with all Asian restaurants, you can grab other servers very easily and they might be able to help you out even though he/she might not be your server.
Rating: 8.5/10
Pros: Decent quality, great restaurant with parking, Hot Pot + KBBQ
Cons: Can be very busyWe have been to the KPOT in Franklin Mills countless times and we have never had a single bad thing to say about that location. But tonight coming here for the first time was the worst dining out experience we've ever had. We came as a party of 12 and we wanted to be understanding because KPOT is usually busy, no matter which location it is. When we sat down, we had to wait a while before anyone came to ask us for our drinks. Then our waitress, Jacqueline came and we told her we just all want water. It took a while for her to come out with our waters and when she came out and handed us our waters from the end of the table to pass down. All of them had ice except 1. The cup was completely warm to the touch and we figured she forgot to put ice in that one. We handed her the cup back and asked her "can we have some ice in this one?" and instead of a simple "sure", she said "it probably melted" and shook her head and took the water back. If the ice melted, that's fine, we just wanted to add ice. We asked in the nicest way we possibly could and we got attitude in return for no reason. When we ordered our meats and veggies for our bbq and hot pot, Jacqueline barely typed in anything on her tablet. She would stand there listening to our orders and nod her head. We gave her the benefit of the doubt and figured she probably will remember what we ordered. But no. Our soups came soon after but it took a while before any of our meats and veggies came. When they did come, it was all of our bbq meats. There was nothing for the hot pot. So all of our hot pot pots sat there boiling for 20 min before we got anything to put in them. And when we did get our orders, half the stuff we asked for was missing. So we sat there waiting for them. During this wait, we did ask her for some extra napkins, which never came. And also, the iceless water that she took away, she never brought back. We had to wave down another waiter to ask for water. 30 min passed and we still did not get some veggies and hot pot meats we asked for so we asked her for them again and she asked us if we are "sure the other side of the table didn't get them?" We said "yes, we did not get anything yet" and then proceeded to wait again. And after a while, we called her over and said "we are still waiting the veggies and meats we ordered from the beginning" and she says with attitude "is that not it over there?" And points to the other side of the table. I said "no it is not. We are still waiting on napkins and you also never brought back the water for us" and she proceeds to rudely ask us if we need to "take some time" because I guess her point was we are getting worked up at her? And I said "no I just want to receive the things we've been asking you for." She then walks away and comes back and slams the cup of water on the table and walks away. Then all of a sudden, all of our meats that we have asked her for the past hour starts to come. We asked for 3 plates of the Kobe beef and instead 6 plates get brought out and when we tell the guy waiter that we did not ask for this much meat, she comes out, takes the plate and proceeds to slam the plate on the table. Then she comes around the table and grabs the dirty dishes and THROWS them in the bins near the kitchen, making a huge crash sound that the whole restaurant heard. (The whole time we were there, no one ever came to gather our dirty dishes, but after she got upset, then she comes and grabs the closest dishes she could reach for and throws them like that). This is absolutely unacceptable. If you're going to have such an attitude problem, then don't work in the customer service business. Every time we pointed out something that was missing, she would question us if we are sure or have some kind of excuse like "it probably melted."  Not once, did she ever apologize when we asked her for something she forgot. But instead visibly throws a tantrum and slams and throws plates around. We aren't the type of people to start confrontations so after she started slamming stuff around, we did not say or ask her for anything else. At this point, we just wanted to finish our food and leave. During this whole time, we still never got napkins or the veggies. This location really needs to work on customer service because from other reviews, we aren't the only ones who've had an experience like this. If you're looking for hot pot and BBQ, I recommend going to the other location. We will never be back here, not after being treated like that.I always try to eat within 45 - 60 min post workout and so after leaving it, I noticed the K-Pot across the way.
 My wait time was quick because I dined alone and this was technically my 1st visit although I left early having visited before. 
The atmosphere was great, loud, populated despite the pandemic but fun, food and drink suspends people's concerns for matters that seemingly will work themselves out.
 Im not accustomed to dining w/a mini stove on the table to cook my own food on so it was different. I've been vegan for 10 weeks now and their vegan choices like in many restaurants were limited so I selected a bowl of rice w/the tomato soup. I added the vegetables, mushrooms and noodles and waited until done.
 All was well until the check arrived. 
Dinner's total was $37.38 for a bowl of noodle soup that I fixed myself? And they offer no carry out bags, i.e. You can't take the food that you paid for, home with you -  No exceptions 
I spoke w/my host and then her manager explaining that I hadn't finished the meal and felt I was being robbed of what I didn't finish. 
Diners are being punished by excess cost and wasted food you pay for but can't take home? It doesn't make sense and is unacceptable.
Aside from the fun, festive and family atmosphere here, the only thing  you're  paying for is the on table dining experience .
The host here don't  make  enough as it is and now this situation?
There s/be an  "All-You-Can-Eat" exception. A bowl of tomato  soup and vegetables w/a stove on top is a high price to pay to be told, "No" for what you technically paid for and own?
I won't be returningTried this place with a party of 16 (!) and had a great time. We did the combo BBQ and hot pot. The servers were patient and informative since it was everyone's first time at K-Pot and some of our party was their first time doing Korean food at all. 
The food came out quickly and was very tasty. The meats are the highlight but I found getting a lot of veggies (mushrooms & bok choy especially) rounded out the meal well. 
The price is amazing for the amount of food you get. And the drink prices are cheap for Philly too. The bar/cocktail menu wasn't spectacular but also we weren't expecting that to be the focus. 
100% will return.Love a good hot pot. This south Philly location is finally open! 
We tried this place before at the location near the Philadelphia mills mall. I prefer that spot (even though it's older and the interior doesn't look as appealing)  because the service at that location is better. 
Price is fair and they have lots of options. It's not a go-to spot, but if it's around and we have the taste for it, we'll stop in.I've always had a good experience here! Been here a handful of times & everything has always been good. Had an anniversary there & birthday. They're very accommodating & service was great! Place is open & big. Very clean & staff is friendly. I absolutely love hot pot/ Korean bbq, so it's nice to find a place that has both & isn't far. I recommend the Szechuan broth soup for hot pot if you like spicy. It's so good! My kids love it there!Came here on a busy Friday night! Was super concerned there would be a long wait since we got there around 7pm but it was only a 15 min wait!
I've had AYCE Korean bbq before but never had a combo of ayce hot pot AND Korean bbq! For $30 that's not bad for both! 
Since me and my 3 friends had different preferences to our both it was nice we all got our own for hot pot! I got the seasame pork broth. I added garlic, cilantro and green onions to my broth. They have a little salad bar for sauces which is super fun! We started off with hot pot things like mussels, veggie, shrimp dumplings, pork belly. Very delicious. Then for bbq got garlic pork belly, shrimp, bulgogi and veggies. We did cook everything ourselves which makes it a fun experience! I also like how they brought out a small portion of meats at a time so you can gauge how full you are. The only thing that was a negative was the quality of meat. I felt the pork belly was just thin and not what I expect compared to the other Korean bbq places I've been to. Overall though great experience can't wait to come back and try other things!i love k pot and has been my favorite place for awhile now. i used to go to the franklin mills location religiously despite living 40 mins away so when they opened up a location in south philly, it was exciting because it's a lot closer BUT i had a problem the last few times i went and it left me feeling pretty disappointed. im a regular so the franklin mills location even knows me by name. and im a generous tipper so that's never been an issue. but mannnnnnn the last times i've been here i left a very minimum tip cause the service was terrible! i don't know his name but he's a shorter asian guy with curly hair. i've had him serve my table twice and each time he looks like he hates being there. i get it. sometimes we have bad days but he makes it fully known that he's in one by slamming our plates on the table, barely checking up on us and it felt like it was an inconvenience to even ask anything from him. i have the impression they have expanded from the franklin mills location because i see the same manager but man do you guys need to retrain because i've been going to this place for over a year and never had i EVER had this terrible service. i like the place only because it's closer but if i go back and i get terrible service again, im gonna suck it up and just go back to my franklin mills location. there should be no excuse why you have to be rude especially working with the public. maybe find a different job if you're that miserable because no one is forcing you to work there.We came here on a Saturday afternoon for a late lunch with the recommendation of a family member. My husband and I were in town for a short time so we wanted to try something both new and local. 
The restaurant is located in a shopping center with ample parking- very convenient! Since it was a late lunch we didn't have trouble getting seated but I could foresee it filling up quickly in the evenings. We opted for the grill + soup menu so we were seated at a table that was capable of both. 
We were very much intrigued by the all-you-can-eat concept of this Korean barbecue spot. Most kbbq restaurants we visit either offer a la carte or a course menu so this was a new experience for us. We were impressed by the high-quality meat offerings like Kobe beef as well as more unique cuts like beef tongue as well. All were very much delicious! My cousin was with us who only eats seafood and they had decent offerings for his restrictions as well. 
I opted for the tom yum soup and it was absolutely delicious. My husband got the pork broth and was more than happy with his choice. We loved the sauce bar and the different options they provided. I also appreciate the availability of gloves to don prior to handling any of the sauce ladels. At the sauce bar is also a solid offering of fruit. We didn't partake this time but certainly appreciated the option. 
It did feel overwhelming at some points during the meal as there was just so much food on the table. If it's your first time there, it may be wise to bring along someone who's had some experience at K-Pot. All in all, it was a one of a kind experience for us. We can't wait to stop in again the next time we visit family in Philly.For what this place has to offer--food, atmosphere, service-- it should really be in the heart of the city. It being so far away from the city makes it a gem. I've only seen places do either hotpot or Korean BBQ never both. Not to mention their drinks were pretty good. I'd say this is a nice date/hangout with a large group kind of spot. 
Def recommendThis is my second time coming back here. I cannot deny that their food is tasty, but how they handle a bug incident makes me not want to come back anymore.
I was enjoying my hotpot with vegetable, and when I reached the bottom of the bowl, I saw a bug. I only took 1 photo because my husband asked me to before I showed the bowl to the waiter. The waiter disposed of the bug so quickly and notified the manager. The manager offered nothing besides changing my hot pot soup and a free drink. I guess they did do something to rectify the situation, but I don't know how they think 1 free drink is gonna do it for this big bug in my food .
Watch your vegetable guys if you eat here.I've been here twice for the hotpot. The service is really good as the waitress made timely rounds even though the place was packed. 
I had the Szechuan Spicy and Kpot special soup bases. The Szechuan Spicy could be a little spicier but both were excellent. The banchan were small portions. They have a wide range of selections from Kobe beef slices to vegetables and seafood. The cooked appetizers weren't anything special, just your run of the mill spicy rice cakes, popcorn chicken, etc. The sauce bar had a lot of options as well. They had fruits and sago next to the sauce bar for self serve desserts.The Kbbq was great! Robust meat and seafood selection. Choose from multiple selections of beef, pork, chicken, salmon, tuna, shrimp, mussels, squids, and vegetables.  All meat was fresh.  Sauce/salad bar was well kept and clean. Patrons are required to use gloves and hand sanitizer. Dinner is $27 for just Kbbq and for $30 you get both Kbbq and hot pot. Definitely would recommend. Look forward to coming back!I went here yesterday with my brother and s/o. We love it as per usual! I would say they were pretty good lunch prices (19.99/ adult). Our server, Muhammad, was so helpful and kind! The food was great and i would definitely go here again!I have been to their other location and was glad to find this place in south Philly.
This location was spacious and very clean. Plenty of parking spaces as well. We got there around 3:30 pm and could order dinner.
 We love Korean BBQ so only ordered dinner BBQ. Should have added hot pot as well. As side dish we could get rice, Japchae, popcorn chicken and spicy sticky rice. Japchae was ok. They also have a wide selection of sauces and you could make your own as well.
Our favorites were premium Ribeye steak, K pot pork belly and k pot short ribs. Thinly sliced brisket was good as well. It took long time to cook vegetables. The server was very attentive and prompt. It didn't take much time for the orders to come. 
Overall great dining experience.Had dinner with friends at K-Pot last Friday. This was our first time eating at this location, and we didn't realize how popular it was. There was a 30-minute wait for a party of 4, and it was barely 7:30pm.
After we were seated, our server came by to take our orders for our AYCE hot pot and KBBQ food selections. Service was fast and our server checked on us several times to make sure we had all the food we needed. Everything looked fresh, tasted fresh and was delicious.
During the night, both my husband and I got sick, my husband more than me. The problem only exacerbated the next morning. Between the two of us, we popped 14 pieces of Pepto. We then find out from our two friends that they also got severely sick.
It was not like we undercooked anything. If anything, we overboiled and over-grilled, not intentionally of course. But something was definitely bad.Wait time was minimal( 15 minutes)
Service was EXCELLENT.
Food was absolutely delicious. First time going there. The waitress was great explaining everything. My friend and I had the BBQ and hot pot.  If you don't like spicy then stay away from the BBQ.  Looking forward to going back for my birthday 
Nice selection of beer, win and mixed drinks. This place is huge, noise level a bit loud but you get so engulfed by the food you don't really notice the noise
Deffinekry  worth the trip and price. Just remember to bring your appetite 
I just wonder what they do with all the food orderedThis one is packed, located in south philly area, the inside is decorated super nice and is really big and spacious. Waiters were extremely fast and attentive. This one has a super nice vibe and when I say big, I mean like the space here is big. High ceilings, nice decor, got a big tv in the middle, this is an upgrade in kbbq that philly needed. Also parking is amazing cause it's located near a shop rite and Ross. Big spacesI've been going to the Northeast location regularly and was excited to try this location as a friend had recommended it. During our visit, I got Korean BBQ instead of hotpot at lunch time but they were charging dinner prices ($28.99) the whole week due to holidays. The place is actually pretty spacious and our waiter was very attentive. The portions that they give you are small so you have to keep reordering if you want more. I do like this location better as they seem to have better side dishes than the other location. However, they need to do something about their bathrooms, it smells TERRIBLE like sewage. Hold your breath while you're going in! (Seriously) As for parking, there is plenty as it's located in a shopping plaza.My only complaint is I couldn't eat more. The staff was excellent, very attentive to the table, and helpful in every way we asked. 
The food is delicious, that spicy does not play about being spicy. It was a heat that could burn your tongue or throat depending on what you got. The sauce bar was a learning curve just because of taste pallets but it's like chemistry making your own sauce.
Beef bulgoli, spicy chicken bulgoli, spicy salmon, spicy tuna were all 5/5.
Sauce tip: (drizzle on the uncooked meat)
Soy
Sesame oil
Garlic
Salt
Pepper
Little sugar
Sweet and sourThis place is one of the best hot pot and kbbq I've ever had! So many options to choose from!Had an amazing time in kpot. Jimmy was super helpful and patient. Had a team dinner and he was very attentive and friendly. I will be coming back to kpot and looking forward to being served by Jimmy.This place was UNBELIEVABLY AMAZING wow. My parents and I had both the hot pot and Korean bbq all you can eat. The service was great!! Everyone was so knowledgeable and very attentive. Everything was so fresh and delicious!!! The atmosphere was club like with K Pop playing. Definitely great for gatherings. They have a sauce bar as well! With tons of different ways to make a sauce to your liking. I'll definitely be back and will be bringing my friends!Great place to hangout with friends with covid precautions. Food was yummy and service was good. Would come back againAs A Worker & A Customer Its very Delicious here all you can eat Hotpot & Barbecue the services are really nice and helpfulVery nice establishment with reasonable pricing for their all you can eat hotpot and bbq. Even better you can get both for only a little bit more than solo.
The place is aesthetically pleasing and the place supports up to 6 people but if you want the booths only 4.
Everyone gets to choose their stock and have their own little hot pot. It's a nice practice considering COVID and the place does well with social distancing and mask regulations. Even gloves for when you choose your sauces.
There is a wide variety of things to choose from and the meat is nice and fresh! The soup I got was their Szechuan one but it was lacking in flavor and spiciness. My friends got Korean seafood and tomato and those were pretty flavorful.
All in all a pretty good place. Hit or miss with the soup base, but the ingredients are pretty good. Would def come back again!First time there . Decided to choose hotpot. You have an extensive menu to choose from. I recommend the place if you want a lot of broth with choice meats and veggies. It's a nice experience. There is a sauce bar (garlic, chili sauce, oyster sauce, etc) so you can definitely make your broth to your taste. They offered fresh fruits and two kinds of refreshing Asian desserts too. Check it out . My server was polite, answered all my questions and checked on me periodically. Overall it was a good experience and good food.For a newly opened location, this place does indeed some improvements. It is understandable that since it is a new location that it will take some time for the staff to get the hang of things. Although I am not too knowledgeable about the COVID-19 protocols in philly, this place do ensure some safety measures.  
Sauce and fruit stations are being kept open to customers as before but they provide disposable gloves for customers to use. It is also enforced that all customers have their mask on unless they are seated at their tables. 
As for the food, it is much the same as other locations flavor wise. Not every cut of meats can be the same, but if something doesn't look I would let the staff know and they would easily bring me a different plate. 
Your paying 1 price to eat for 2 hours....so don't expect 5 star Michelin grade service or food. That being said this place is great and amazing and definitely worth coming back for.  Looking forward to coming back!AMAZING FOOD!! 
FOR ALL OF YOU HOT POT AND KBBQ LOVERS THIS PLACE IS THE GO TO PLACE IN SOUTH PHILLY!!!!! 
A new Korean bbq hotpot spot in south Philly!! We went for lunch specials for the bbq only and it was $18.99 each person. Its pretty affordable!! All the bbq food we got was amazing and well seasoned, everything was so clean. They had so much selections on their sauce aisle.. 
Tien our server was super friendly, she made sure we had everything and had an amazing time. She was super patient with us. I Haven't gotten such an amazing customer service like hers everywhere for a while which was a plussssss. :)))) 
Definitely would go back especially for a party!!! Love everything about it!!! 
COME SUPPORT THIS BUSINESS Y'ALL!!WE CAME AT 7:05 ON SUNDAY 03/28!!!!!!!
Bad service! We already reserved a table for 5 people but they didn't allow us to. They told us to wait for 30 mins to get in. We waited for more than 45 minutes and it turned out that we had to wait for another 30 mins but "not sure". The receptionists were not friendly and they did not know how to serve customers- bad attitude!!!!! Please respect your customers' time!!! We pay to be treated like a piece of craft??? 
No second time coming here! Bad experienceUnderwhelmed by the hot pot broths. But we loved the bbq portion. Fresh meats. Large selection. Would highly recommendHello hello! 3 months later, I came back to give it another try. This time, we opted in for KBBQ AND HOT POT. Best of both worlds baybeeee. Also got a bottle of peach soju & a pitcher of yogurt soju, yum.
Definitely improved!! Service was excellent by Tien. She was friendly & very attentive! Loved her energy & vibe. The food was sooo good. The pork was no longer mushy like before(during soft opening). The marinades taste better. One thing that can still be improved is Tom Yum broth. I'm Thai & that was notttt Tom Yum. Although it was herby, it was way too sweet. Nonetheless, still YUM!
I recommend~Our server was great and attentive. We had to wait a little (completely understandable because it was Father's Day) but once we were seated, service was fast. It was extremely tasty and the place itself is very spacious. Can't wait to come back!If you and your group of friends are hungry and can eat a lot, then this restaurant is worth it. For the price of just $30 per person to do both hotpot and kbbq (all you can eat) you'll walk out satisfied. The food produce is fresh, you get to cook the food to your personal preference, 2 hours to eat which is more than enough time. The service is great and the interior of the building is spacious which can hold big parties and is well lit. If you're a fan of kpop, you get to enjoy the music while eating. In addition, there is a large sauce bar which has a vast variety of different sauces. The bar is slightly limited, but it is a restaurant bar so that's expected of, but the quality of the drinks tastes great and is at affordable prices. Definitely recommended!Went here a couple of weeks ago and the restaurant was packed. I've been to the one in NE Philly (Franklin Mills) and that one wasn't bad, so we figured we'd try this location out since it's a log closer... 
Would I go to this specific location again, NO.  KBBQ is a whole experience, I want to enjoy the food I'm eating.. That sadly wasn't the case at this location. 
Cons:
1. The bonchons were gross (sad, because I love eating sides with my lettuce wraps)
2. The grill sucked (it's a weird electric grill under the grill plate.. so it doesn't actually get hot enough to cook the meat to the best bbq quality. (Total bummer)
3. The side orders (veggies) were really small portions and the tteokbokki wasn't good
4. The dip/seasoning section didn't look that great or presentable. (looked dirty and unmanned)
5. Service was so-so, but honestly that's sorta expected during a busy night
Pro:
1. The kpot special pork belly tasted good
Honestly, this location isn't worth the money. The one at Franklin Mills isn't all that great either. I would rather drive up to the location in NJ. It's the best one taste wise, ambiance and has ice cream desserts (not just weird jello, fruit or sago)!The staff and service was wonderful. They have the most bang for your buck available. With a huge menu and unlimited orders you can't go wrong. The hot pot is the best in the Philadelphia area! Would recommend this to everybody. Bring your friends and family!!!!Ventured to the South Philly location for a small birthday dinner (party of 8). My wife absolutely loved the atmosphere due to the constant Kpop music blasting everywhere. Our party was luckily seated in one of the more quiet areas. Since it gets rather loud near the front, I'm glad we were able to get seated away from the commotion. Just making a trip to the sauce bar let me experience how difficult it would've been to just make simple conversation without talking louder or repeating myself. 
We all opted for the hot pot and bbq option. The food comes out pretty quickly, but some of the portion sizes are really small so keep that in mind. I know it's a AYCE, but constantly flagging down your waiter/waitress to reorder your favorite items gets tedious. I do appreciate the attentiveness of the staff to constantly replace the grill. 
Can't wait for the Delaware location to open near Christiana Mall!First time eating inside after almost a year! Here, they offer hot pot, Korean BBQ, or you can get both for just additional $3. Appetizers and banchan (Korean side dishes) are included. The whole table has to get the same thing. We got KBBQ only. There's a make your own sauce & dessert bar. All the pork dishes was kinda mushy after cooking it. We also tried their octopus & pork belly. I pretty much ordered everything spicy. The only two we liked were short ribs and brisket, those were our faves! Dessert wasn't good, there was no sago & it was watery. 3 stars for food but bumped up to 4 for service. Seems like there's a lot of people inside, I'm not sure if they're limiting capacity or not. My friend said hot pot is good. I'll be back to try it next time!
I forgot our servers name but she's Asian with blonde hair I think. Excellent service! Thank you :)
PS: it's in a plaza, tons of parking. You will be smelly afterwards, but oh soo worth it.This is a spot that me and my best friend have been going to meet up and have dinner every-time I'm in town. The wait is long on the weekend so be prepared for a small party it can be about 20-50 min wait which isn't great or terrible for an all you can eat place. Service here is great and the waiter and waitresses are very attentive making sure you're good. The sauce station is still open but you must wear gloves they provide when you're using it. I personally don't think it's a big deal. I mean your food is still coming from a kitchen that is an open area cooked or raw. If you're so scared of it don't use the sauce or just stay home. They have hand sanitizer everywhere and a very clean bathroom. The cooked apps are okay, it's not amazing but it's decent. The cuts of meats are pretty decent. Only complain is the thin cut pork belly for the hotpot that was pretty fatty. But everything else was good! For the price and the variety of food you get it's definitely worth it. Pro tip to avoid stomach ache always make sure the hot pot is boiling before you eat the food :) and always ask for a separate pair of chopsticks for your raw and uncooked food!I was there a week ago with a group of my friends and Jill took care of us!!! She was genuinely so nice and attentive to our table! We had a lot of fun and great conversations with her! Thank you so much!Easily one of the best places to go for hot pot and KBBQ. You can't beat the price and the food is amazing. My partner and I came on a Friday night and it wasn't too busy. The service was great and quick. Definitely be back next time I'm in PhillyGetting seated was easy, nothing to complain about there. Service is great and food comes out fast. Sauce bar is there and they provide gloves for customers to use. Hot pot, they have a pork sesame soup which is special to south philly KPOT compared to franklin Mills KPOT. On the BBQ side everything is the same to Franklin Mills.Hubby and I first time here and we were not disappointed. We had the k-pot all you can bbq and enjoyed everything. We preferred the meats and veggies over the seafood. The pork belly and short ribs were our favorite.   We will come back for sure.Restaurants should strive for consistency. K-pot
Broth and meat and shellfish selection are always consistent on quality and flavor.
I would highly recommend this locationThis place has terrific and efficient service. A very large variety of food to select from with reasonable prices. The bartenders are very cute and the drinks never disappoint.  And not to mention it's all you can eat.So our first grill didn't work but luckily the staff is very accommodating and helped us move and gave us some extra time to order after close as well- service is great! As for the meats, we loved the brisket and short ribs. Ribs are marinated if that makes a difference for you. There is also a variety of sauces you can make yourself to customize. It ended up being about 35 per person for AYCE. We ate about 80 portions between 4 guys and were stuffed. 
Overall the quality of food is solid and was a good experience with friends. Except for the small hiccup with our first grill, the service was good as well.Our Labor Day vacation ended up with the worst dine-in experience ever. We usually go to the other location at Franklin Mills Circle and never ever had one bad experience. Today, because we were closer to this area. We decided to go to Kpot-South Philly thinking they would be the same as the other location. I have never experienced anything such unprofessional and unpleasant when dining at a restaurant. We had to experience our waitress Jacqueline slamming dishes on our tables, throwing dishes loudly in the buss tub near by and creating such an unpleasant experience, which all started, I believe, when we asked for more ice for the warm cup of water. Instead of getting an apology or just a "sure! I'll get you some ice", we got a head shook, attitude and tantrum for the rest of the time there. You bet I'm not coming back here because I know those dirty dishes will end up landing on my face instead of the buss tub.We went with a group of 6 of us and the restaurant was packed.  With the restaurant at full capacity on the weekend, the grills did not heat up.  It took 20 minutes to heat up the grill and 15 minutes just to cook shrimp.  The grills were literally simmering our meats at a very low temp.  The group of us who went stayed for more than 2 hours and most of us filled up on appetizers since the grill would not grill.  When we told the server, she informed us that the owner was told multiple times of the issue, but the nothing has been done.
We went to KPOT 2 other times besides this time and both times before were amazing.  Of course, both times were when covid restrictions were in place so the restaurant was only a 1/4 full.  In our opinion, there is an electrical issue. This needs to be fixed as soon as possible.  We ordered lots of soju and cocktails and spent more than $300.  The grills should be working.
Service was slow.  We were not getting refills and it was extremely hard to flag down our server to order more of anything.  Hosts have always been the worst of the experience all 3 times but the side dishes and sauce bar have always been well kept.  My recommendation would be go on the weekdays and not on the weekends. If it's packed, leave.  You wont be able to grill more than a steak per person in a hour.This would have been a great review if it wasn't for our impolite and rude waitress. We were a party of 5 arriving at 330pm on a Sunday. There was a 15 min wait which is not horrible. We ordered a bottle of wine and our server only brought us 2 wine glass. She said they are out of glasses which is really hard to believe since there is an entire dedicated bar area. She didn't even bother to bring us substitute glass cups or anything. We had to flag another wait staff down and he managed to bring us another glass without a problem since it was only 3 of us drinking anyways. I considered us nice guests, not demanding and always saying thank you. She was probably having a bad day but despite that, Korean bbq and hotpot is about the entire experience. From the very beginning she did not explained things in detailed. She had an attitude and even my friends was commenting on her attitude. If you are having a bad day, then please do your customers and the business a favor and just take a short break especially if they are overwhelmed with work. My partner came to the establishment numerous times and said all the times he came, their server was very friendly! Some of my friends highly recommended it and said the same thing about staff being very friendly. But maybe that's because it was in the beginning of the business and now that business has grown, customer service experience has decline. 
The food was delicious. Some of the orders were wrong and came out late but it wasnt too horrible. I'm not sure if I would come back since there are many other Korean bbq and hotpot in the city that provides more intimate setting and better service. We still left her a 18% to despite bad service. I rather take my money and spend it on something more memorable.We will definitely return because we loved our first experience at K Pot. We were there to celebrate my niece's birthday. It was a total of 5 of us for dinner on a Saturday night, we thought the wait was going to be long but we were sat at a table right away. We had the bbq and soup option for the whole table. 
Not only were the soups delicious, they were also fun to make. By the time we got to the bbq we were almost full. When we left for the night, we could barely walk because we were so full and content. Overall great experience.From a price, quality, quantity and service perspective = value, this is without a doubt 5 stars. 
For unlimited meal, the price point is attractive and you'll be hard pressed to find better in Philly. The large selection of meats also made the value compelling. Service was prompt. Venue can accommodate large groups. Drinks are affordable enough to get drunk if you want but that might be difficult considering all the food you'll be eating. 
Highly recommended if you're hungry.So glad K-Pot opened a location in Philly, this location is super spacious, and each table are decently spaced out. Meat was fresh and tasted great as always. Entire restaurant staff are very friendly and you could feel their positive attitude even under the masks. Overall, a great experience and fulfilling meal.Came in on a Thursday night around 6:45 for dinner and there was no wait! We were seated immediately and our waitress Tien was phenomenal!! I wasn't expecting the best service since at most AYCE places, it's more about getting your bang for your buck but not always the most attentive service but not this place. Tien kept coming around to change our bbq grill trays and clearing our used plates. I highly recommend coming here. All of their drinks were delicious. I may or may not have had 3 martinis by the end of the night :)  my fave was their lychee martini. Two thumbs up. Keep up the good work K Pot!This jawn bussin. 
This place is absolutely amazing, it may be pricey but it's worth your time. There's so much food to choose from and it comes out super fast ! It's an experience you never experienced while eating Korean food. Totally recommend coming here after a long day. Make sure to bring your family along for the experience !Nice polite waitress, service was good and so was the food. 
Like most AYCE, there is a 2 hour table limit but you can eat a lot in that time. My party of 4 did hotpot and bbq combo as its worth it. Individual soup bases and many different soup flavors. 
We enjoyed our meal and best part is with a group of 4 or more, if someone in your party comes on the day of their bday they eat free.The service here was amazing! We were seated right away during Sunday dinner. The inside is also really big. Compared to the other location by Franklin Mills, the taste of the food was very similar. I love that the pork blood for the hotpot was softer than the other location. However, the spicy pork belly was a little overwhelming due to the texture of the marinade. The sago dessert wasn't as sweet as the other location but it was still refreshing. Other than that, everything tasted the same as the other Kpot which was great. So glad to have a south Philly location now!I came here tonight with my wife, son and his roommate.  We ordered just the bbq.  We got the kalbi, steak, garlic shrimp, garlic chicken, spicy pork butt and spicy pork belly.  The garlic shrimp and chicken was meh.  The kalbi was decent but fatty.  The steak was steak.  But the spicy pork was really good.  Service was good and the banchan was okay.
For the money, you can get the meat sweats.  But for the price for dinner and the fact that I really only thoroughly enjoyed the pork, this place is okay but pricey for what you get.The food here is amazing. Don't let the bad reviews change your mind about this place. Most bad reviews are about "mean" waiters and waitresses but at my experience there they were nothing but helpful. It was my first time doing KBBQ and hotpot and the lovely waitress taught us how to properly cook the food. The reason you're going to a restaurant is to eat good food. Even if the waiter might have had an off day that day please note that most of us aren't in a great mood anyways because of the pandemic but we still have to go to work and deal with people telling us what to do and that's the last thing we want to deal with. If the food is good just eat your food and leave. Amazing experience for me none the less