I have been here prob 5 times in past 6 months. I don't know what people are talking about when they say its a cheap eat. As a fan of indian/paki food i can say that the quality here is OK, and while the place looks and feels like a dive, the prices are not THAT cheap. A platter and drink will cost you $12-14. That's how much you pay for entrees at most indian/paki/turkish/ME places in Philly. The stick kebabs are VERY GOOD but aside from that, rest of food is bland. I tried standard barbecue boneless chicken and beef platters and they were bland. The Biryani is good. But other curry dishes including spinach and chick peas were either way too OILY or spicy. Also, another annoying thing is that when the owner is not there, the guys-esp the short one-are very inefficient-food comes out way too slow. Even when not busy, i have always waited atleast 20 mins. Its not the grill time, its how they process the order. Watch them next time at counter. YES, i have had a hair in my salad too. They apologized and were sorry about it.
About the whole dive thing...Comon, how much does it cost to replace 12 tables with chairs and put down a new Vinyl floor? The owners can and should do better. The place has a grimey 'be careful what you touch' feel to it. As one of the reviewers said...i am not looking for white table cloth service, but atleast it should be clean. There is no romanticism in dirty. Honestly, i think the real reason this place is busy is because of its parking lot. If you havent tried Wah-ji-Wah up the block Do SO. Their food is usually good. 
Bottom line: Go for the stick kebab or Biryani. And bring some hand sanitizer.My experiences with Kabobeesh have been similar to my experiences with Taco Bell: either I have a delicious meal that leaves me completely satisfied or I have explosive diarrhea that leaves me completely dehydrated.  I've stopped eating Taco Bell but am always willing to take a chance with Kabobeesh--it's that tastyThe Chicken Tiki Masala was very greasy the Thursday I went. Also the service was poor.This is a great place.  The food is delicious and plentiful.  The people there are very nice.  Plus they have their own parking lot.This place is pretty cute I guess.  It looks like a retro diner and is pretty small.  My boyfriend and I went here for dinner on a Monday night and it was packed and extremely busy.  
We ordered off the daily menu (the chicken curry) and also the tandoori chicken off the kabobs.  Both came with a small salad, a side of a vegetable dish (not much choice here; there was only lentils or eggplant&potatoes but it probably varies depending on what they felt like making that day), a large portion of naan, and rice.  They took about 15-20 minutes for them to prepare it, which sucked but at the same time it's understandable because there were only two people working there.  They pack everything into one of those styrofoam to-go containers if you order it to go so you don't really get that much of the vegetables or the salad..so mostly it's just rice and the protein that you chose.  
I do have to give them props for having vegetarian dishes that are cheaper than the meat dishes ($7 compared to around $10) and having a variety of meat dishes (lamb, beef, chicken, etc).  
They use charcoal to grill the kabobs! Yummy.  Also the naan portion is really generous and isn't soggy, etc.  Will definitely be back in the future!  Definitely worth a try.I went yesterday with my friends, the food is very tasty. We eat outside, nice environment. The chicken karahi is superb and delicious. ...simply it's awesome.......Pakistani joints like this seem to be relatively few to come by, but Kabobeesh does things properly. Chicken tikkas along with naans (Tip: get the mint chutney as well) are fantastic and well worth your time! I can't wait to try the other gravies they serve up, if only I can get out of the habit of ordering the Tikkas each time!Love Kabobeesh! Not fancy inside by any means, it's an old repurposed diner, but the food is great, and you get a whole lot if you order a meal. Everything's no-frills but the taste. Highly recommend the Resham beef and the chicken kabobs.Moved to Philly for school in March. Tried it and had the best food. Although waiting is alot as it's made fresh but its totally worth it. If you get a meal and you are a student you will get free canned soda!! Over all one of the best desi food in town!Amazing gastronomic experience 
We ordered beef kabab, chicken charkha, Tandoori chicken, chicken Tikka kabab, great chicken karahi & To die for Lamb karahi
This place is truly a GEM in Philly 
Staff was super friendly & so was the owner 
Overall great family experienceMy mouth is watering just thinking about the chicken kebab plate and crispy fresh naan. Everything  I've ordered here has been delicious.The lamb kabob was alright and the naan was fine, but the rest of the meal at Kabobeesh was so oily that it was almost inedible. Our order of haleem came with a thick pool of yellowish grease floating on top that stubbornly resisted being stirred in. The two sides that came with the kabob meal-- an off-tasting spinach dish and slimy stewed chickpeas-- were also drowning in grease. On the inside the samosas were dry, and on the outside they were lacquered with stale fryer oil.  
Kabobeesh is not cheap. All of the plates are around 11 or 12 bucks.  $12 will buy you two better meals at any halal cart or grocery in University City or West Philly.Excellence in desi food redefined... best chicken karahi I have had in Pakistan and USA...great kebabs... must order lamb kebabs and kheer... great pani puri... awesome service... friendly people... highly recommended!!Came here for lunch and thought it was okay. Got a chicken roll and it was decent. Certainly not the best, but not bad. Mango lassi was average. Wanted to be wowed by this place but wasn't.i have been here once... ambiance leaves something to be desired. but flavor, now THATS where its at!! 
came by for some takeout (its not really an eat-in type joint), and let my friend order for me. He is a seasoned kabobeesh-ian.  we got a whole chicken, chickpeas, and naan.  the naan is SOOOOOO good!  the chickpeas were awesome and i put everything all together and it was amazing. 
sauces: my BF and friends like the really really hot sauce.  i like the minty green colored sauce. no clue what they are called. but yummy. 
i dont tolerate spicy very well and this was the perfect amount of spiciness and flavor that was delicious. great takeout. 3.5 stars (technically). 
staff was super friendly and talkative, they also had some kind of food out that you could try. i think it was fried eggplant.? it was really good also.Best indo paki in Philly. Nan is off the chain. Makes tiffin look like high grade dog food. If u can't eat spicy food FALLBACK!!!Clean, fast, and fresh food. I am usually anti buffet style. This set up however, I can be ok with. I picked up food for lunch for my boyfriend and I. You order what kind of kabob you want and then pick sides. They cook the kabobs fresh (I ordered chicken for my BF who said it was good). And then once your meat is done, they put your rice, naan, and sides on a plate or to go bag. I thought the vegetable sides were flavorful, maybe a tad oily. This is why I don't normally like buffets since oily food is a common theme. This was worth checking out though. I drove past a newer location that opened in N Philly too which is exciting! Just to clarify, this isn't a serve yourself buffet. You can just see the side dishes in buffet style before you order them.It's 2 AM and I'm craving for some chicken from Kabobeesh. Ahhhh, everything was so good. I would definitely recommend getting the chicken WITH bone; it makes it so tender and flavorful. The sides of curry vegetables were good but not spectacular. But, the naan is drool-worthy.
The decor was a little lacking, but that's how I like my cheap eatery atmospheres, a little dirty, a little tacky. 
Damn, I wish it were closer to where I lived--and were open at 2 in the morning.
So, go for me--at the very least just to try!Always good food.  It's small and clean but the flavor is big and good.  This is one of the few places I come too when in Philly for Kabobs.  Parking lot is a bit small so it's a little hard to get in at times.High notes:  the naan is rad, and the baklava was delish. Also, the customer service was great.
Low notes:  the chicken kabob was tasty but salty, and the sides were just swimming in oil.  
Bottom line: I could be convinced to try it again, though with so many other fine establishments in University City, I would probably go elsewhere.The experience was just ok, first food menu availbility of items was not there like chargha, the taste wise not extra ordinary. Not value for money just like every other restaurant.I am vegetarian and I love coming to Kabobeesh!!!!! Can you believe it? It's just that good. It is spicy and flavorful and I always get the same thing: veggie platter. The naan is also huge, buttery, and delicious (fresh out of the oven). 
They are packed on Friday & Saturday nights but thank goodness they are open until 11pm.Great food. Only thing is that some of the veggies (chickpeas especially) are a little greasy, but overall it's pretty good. Service is great. Be prepared to wait awhile for your food though, especially if it's rush hour for them. The chutney is really good!I finally made time to stop in here for a late lunch.  My boyfriend and I split a platter of curry chicken which came on the bone in broth.  It also came with nan, rice, and two sides - we got chickpeas and veggies.  The chicken fell right off the bone and the curry flavor was pleasantly mild.  Everything was quite tasty and not incredibly spicy (I can be a wimp) and the platter was big enough for the both of us.  Thoroughly enjoable.  We also ordered sides of vegetable samosas which were a little disappointing.  The outside was a too tough and doughy - I like them crispier - and the inside was uniformly mushy and a bit too pungent.  We also split a mango lassi because we were feeling decadent.
It was pretty busy so we didn't get our food right away, and the lassi and one of the samosas finally arrived when we were almost done eating the platter.  The slightly unkempt diner decor is charming in its own way, but I was disappointed to be eating off styrofoam.  The giant tv is easy to avoid by sitting on the other side if it's not your thing.  I might have appreciated it more if something other than the news was on.  
I probably won't eat in often, if again, but I saved a menu for my take-out drawer.  It really isn't THAT cheap, but the portions are definitely splitable if you have a little something extra.  However, I'll stick with one of the Indian buffets down the street for overall dining experience and value (if you can catch them for lunch).This is a hole in the wall place, that serves really good Pakistani food. I got a Lamb kebab and chicken curry. The kebab was good but the portion is very small and it comes with a lot of rice. Their freshly made Naan is a must try.Food was very tasteful and portion size was exceptional. We did have to wait what felt like forever for it to be ready though...Best mutton Karahi in town. Service is so slow you should 2-3 hours in advance. Serving are hugeThis is great authentic Indian food!
We went there at the suggestion of our (Indian) friend in search of good kabobs. Man did we find what we were looking for!  The food was amazing and so cheap!  Great portions, and the naan!!  All of it was amazing. We will definitely be going back. I would recommend the boneless chicken kabobs and you have to try the chickpeas!Came here for a quick bite, ample parking space available for customers which is a rarity in philly city, had the kabob meal it was well cooked,spicy and tasty , would recommend if you are in a hurry near the city and hungry for a quick bite!Real hard time following directions, clearly stated no lettuce tomato or onions, but I guess it's very hard for you guys to follow directions smdh.I would give this place 3.5 stars. I came here with a friend and was pretty pleased with my experience. I ordered the lamb curry platter and he ordered the special, the chicken tikka masala platter. The food was ready almost instantly, and while at first I was surprised by the price ($11-13), it came with an enormous amount of food. A bowl of curry, a standard dinner-plate-sized tandoori nan, a side salad, a side dish, rice, and a free drink if you're a student (either mango juice or a soda--the mango juice seems small but it's pretty thick and absolutely delicious). Still thought it was overpriced though, given everything except the curry could not have cost that much.
Both curries were very good and eating them sent me back to my summer in India. The meat were fall-off-the-bone tender and juicy and very spicy! I thought the dal was just okay, and preferred my friend's eggplant side. The service was very helpful, and the environment was casual, comfortable, and very clean. I walked back home and was involuntarily sent into a very satisfying, two-hour-long food coma. Next time I'll have to try the kabobs!The cashier Samir was very knowledgable and attentive. It didn't hurt that he had super cool hair. Best Pakistani food in all of PA!!wowowow the service at this place (and the food too) blew me away!! 
I came here with a group of friends for a BYO. We were a decent sized party (maybe 7-8 people?) but we found a table waiting for us, having made a reservation ahead of time. The owner let us all grab complimentary drinks. After we each ordered and our plates were being prepared, each of us got a few small samples of extra sides that we were encouraged to try, for free. I thought the service was super accommodating (we stayed a little after the official closing time as well). 
The food spoke for itself too. I got the fried fish (which was tilapia), which was served, like the rest of the food, in huge portions. The bread was super soft and tasty, the fish was crunchy and nicely flavored, and the sides perfectly complemented the rest of the meal.
I will definitely, definitely come back here again and encourage others to come as well. This place isn't fancy by any means, but it's well worth a visit.So gooood! the kabobs are delicoius. My favorite is beef resham platter on a typical day. When we would go with a big group, we ordered a chicken karaihi which is soo good. Try their kashimi tea. It's delicious. Probably the best south asian/pakistani/indian restaurant in Philadelphia as most are gross.My friends and I were recommended to this hidden restaurant by a local.
Ambiance: 
From the outside, you would probably never think twice about going inside. It seriously looks like a trailer. Inside, the decor is very old fashion but does not have a cultural feel to it. 
Food:
Small Chicken Karahi- $24.00
My friend recommended this item because it is the "authentic" meal. The cashier said it would be ready in 30 minutes because everything is freshly prepared and cooked, but we only waited a total of 15 minutes.
This was phenomenally unique- it was great blend of spices and flavor.  
The fresh Oven-Baked Naan was warm and perfectly toasted. 
Overall: This was a fabulous cultural experience. The food was delicious.Food was ok. Long wait. After trying this place for the first time, I find myself loyal to Samson Kebab House.my friends and I have been wanting to try this place since it opened, so, we went on Saturday afternoon for a late lunch. it was crowded at 2pm! This restaurant is located inside an old  50's diner, which is really cool.
You go up to counter to order- my friend was disapointed you can only get certain items on certain days and her original dish (cauliflower and Potaoes) was not available on Sat so she ordered Kabob meal, which came with two veggie sides (today was spianch-potatoes and Chana Masala (chick peas), basmati rice, salad and a whole loaf of naan! I got the vegetarian platter which was the Spinach-potatoes, Chana Masala, Basmati rice, whole loaf of Naan. i also ordered a Veggie samosa - which was pre-cooked and reheated in the microwave - that was so-so. I also didn't particularly care for the added spice in Samosa - never have had one sooooo spicey before! 
All in all, it was tasty, filling meal and we will come back with more friends.The tandoori chicken is the best!  So yummy and the portions are quite generous.  DELICIOUS!Omg. The best Kati roll/paratha rolls I have ever had in my entire life. Service is slow so I recommend calling ahead and doing takeout but this place still get five starts because it's so damn good. My go to is the chicken paratha roll. Green sauce also really good!!One of my fav restaurants ever...best kebabs out there...so fresh tooo...
Try the Lamb Chops, Quail or the Beef Kebab. They pick up the fresh skewer from the fridge and throw it on the grill...can't beat that....
Also for a spicy kick, try the Chicken or Goat Karahi. It takes 30minutes notice to prepare this dish and is a great share dish...The kabobs are AMAZING!!
This is NOT the place to go to if you're looking for a place with great decor and ambiance. You only come here for the food... and it's well worth it. 
The portions are huge and all of the meat is so flavorful. Kabobeesh is definitely worth checking out...The kabobs  were great. Lamb was very tender and grilled  to perfection. The lamb kabobs  are probably  the best items on the menu. If you're  looking  for catering I'm sure the owner would give you a good deal since the kabobs were relatively  inexpensive. The ambiance  and atmosphere  is not the most inviting  though. Good food for takeout and share with friends in front  of a TV  screen.Chicken Karahi is beyond delicious! It's always juicy, you can taste and see shreds of fresh ginger. Naans are always fresh and hot. Kebabs are always juicy and yummyKabobeesh is delicious.  The nan is so good, not at all greasy.  They have all the raw kabobs on skewers in the deli case, so you see exactly what you're getting, which is a lot of food.
I had the fish curry which is only available on Mondays.  It was a big portion and came with lots of rice, side dishes (chick pea stuff and squash - both so good), and bread.  Definitely enough to share and only $10.
My sister had a salty lassi - weird but sort of good.
Go here it's the best!Good aunthentic food at a reasonable price... Plus a mango lassi that is just the right amount of mango vs yogurt. This is our new favorite place!On my recent trip to discover Philly, Yelp reviews convinced me to visit this old diner-trailer-restaurantish thingie like place.
Once you walk in you expect to see a some South Asian mobster sitting in the corner smoking a beedi (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beedi) and planning his next kidnapping but thank God that wasnt the case. The closest thing was watching a mobster on an old TV that was playing some bollywood movie with some mobster dude dancing around the city -- and let me tell you, he had the moves.
I went in there on a Friday night with a large group so we ordered quite a bit. We ordered Resham kababs, Biryani, Channa Masala, Chapli Kabab and Chicken Tikka Masala. We also had the green chutney and Naans. 
I thought the Chapli Kababs were better than Resham Kababs. Resham Kababs were kinda bland for me. Some in the group really enjoyed the Chicken Tikka Masala and how spicy it was. I thought it was spicy and "different" and really "oily". 
I also heard compliments on Biryani (which I didnt try). Chickpeas (or Channa Masala) was perfect. The service was slow because they were getting busier and busier as we were waiting and waiting. Naan were fresh and just perfect.
Other than the slow service and the ambiance, the food was pretty solid. I will probably return to this place on my next trip to Philly.Love it. I go to Kabobessh atleast once a week and sometimes more than once. Best Pakistani food I've ever had. I lived in Houston for a while and none of the restaurants their compares to the taste and the quality of the food at Kabobeesh. Try the Chicken Karahi and you will fall in love. Everything I've ordered from Kabobeesh has been great.Chicken resham roll is the way to go for me. $6 for a delectable chicken kabob meat on homemade roti with a zingy spicy green sauce and some veggies. It's a large, filling contraption. I also like their lamb kebob rolls and their platters that come with some excellent veggie sides. 
Over the last year or so Kabobeesh has really become one of our go-to places in West Philly/University City. I've introduced a bunch of my co-workers to it, and they absolutely love it now. My partner and I go tend to make it there once a week whenever we're over at her apartment in West Philly. I love the diner-y feel of it and the ability to sit outdoors and bask in the sun while devouring halal goodness. 
The place gets really busy around mealtimes, especially on weekends. Lots of families and such. Be warned. (But it's worth it!).If you compare kabobeesh to other late night spots its probably deserving of 5 stars but I usually come here during the day when I am craving Indian inspired food.  Their kabobs are delicious.  I have tried both resham chicken and beef and lamb however they do come out dry and some sort of sauce would take it next level.  The only major hang up I had was that they microwaved the biriyani which they hadn't made when I ordered and was preparig it while I was waiting at the counter.  Not the way I want to be served chicken biriyani.  Chicken karahi is good as well but for the amount and the price you pay its worth it only as a dine in option with friends.  Definitely a late night spot for me but lacks in some areas compared to their competitors.I've been in Philly for 2 years and I've been on the hunt for Halal food and don't know why I've never tried this place. I got the Lamb Kabob platter on a hot Ramadan night so I was starving. 
The lamb kabob was by far the best part of the dish. It was AMAZING chard on the outside and moist and tender on the inside. And well worth the $12. 
The rice and veggie sides however were very bland. I've never had pakistani or Indian rice this bland EVER. 
The samosas are very flavorful and delicious! lots of filling and great flavor and spice.
Don't let the price of the baklava fool you. Although the size was huge and for $1.50 sounded greta but it tastes old and store bought. 
Overall this place is not fancy or anything but the food is good and for authentic HALAL food well worth the price!I recently took some friends here who had their heart set on "falafel" but it was no where on the menu. What I thought was a mediterranean assortment was cleverly disguised by an "indian/pakistani" cuisine. 
I had the lamb kabob pierced by a metal skewer next to others that were strategically presented in a raw state inside a refrigerated display case. My hunch was that the food was displayed in this fashion to maintain the authenticity of the establishment's prized "genuine" indian cuisine. There was also a heated buffet that only those behind the counter could access. Food didn't take very long to prepare.
The best part of our meal was the round flatbread made fresh from a contraption operated by a man who took rounds of dough balls that were flattened and placed inside a well of a hot plate which cooked them through. 
The chickpeas and spinach with potatos that usually come with entree meals were on the hot and spicy side, but can be generally relieved with that amazing bread. Didn't try the desserts but I suspect that they weren't a big hit because I didn't see one person opt for any of the sweet treats.  As a side note, if you have a student I.D., you are entitled to one 12 oz. can of soda. 
So, if you want an authentic Indian meal with a humble setting and reasonable prices- then this place could be right for you. Would not recommend to a novice, but in case you are, prepare your palattes.Been coming here for a few years. My favorite place ever! Hands down the BEST paki food in philly! I live in the NE too bad they dont deliver that far... I would eat here everyday! Trust me you will love this place!The food is consistently of good quality and the service is always great. I would definitely recommend Kabobeesh if you're looking for a great meal.I have so many mixed feelings on this place, but in the end, they still earn a solid 3 stars.
Yes, they are difficult to deal with, yes they like to yell at you over the phone, yes they will occasionally be upset if you're using a credit card, and yes, sometimes some of their food isn't as fresh as it could be, but with the low prices they are charging, the paucity of the clientele they serve, and the difficulty of finding a good Pakistani restaurant anywhere (not just in Philly) they have been around long enough and dished out more than enough hot bbq and kabobs to make up for their short comings.
Keep in mind this isn't your average run of the mill lunch or dinner place. It's more of a shack type spot and while it's usually pretty clean, it may not be the right joint for you if you aren't down to eat at picnic tables and listen to Pakistani/Indian cable TV. 
They have great sides, great bbq, and just, well, pretty much great everything down to the sauces, samosas and drinks, as long as it's hot and fresh.  
I recommend pretty much anything off of the grill and the prices are all pretty even so if you come back more than once, try a few different things on the menu and you'll always still get the right quantity. And, if you don't finish your food, I will. 
This is our version of Tony Luke's. Enjoy.I've been here twice with friends who are obsessed with it and I genuinely wanted to like this place. It's very diner-y and not aesthetically pleasing indoors but it has outdoor benches outside which is nice. Service is fine. There is parking. My rating comes from the food itself... it's just not great. I've gotten the chicken tandoori platter and a paratha wrap. The sides for the chicken tandoori were very subpar. Iceberg lettuce mix, chickpeas, and a few other options, none of which looked or tasted good. The chicken itself was okay at best. Too much rice, and it was oily. The second time I came here I got sick after eating the food. 2/5Halal meat always taste better than the regular frozen/grocery shop meat. No Whole Foods or Wegmans can beat it. Period. 
Having said that, my friend and I wanted to try out this place and experience it first hand on how "special" they are. I follow Foursquare(https://foursquare.com) and Yelp for reviews and I know the Chicken Karahi is their specialty. Since the Chicken Karahi is cooked and served fresh, you would need to call the restaurant early...like 30 mins early, before you actually reach the restaurant. So, we called them up, ordered 1 Full portion of Chicken Karahi with 2 Butter Naan - it was 6:00PM and we reached close to 6:30. Asked them about my phone call order and I've been told to wait another ~10 minutes. 
Well, okay! I grabbed a bottle of soda and sat down with 2 Chicken Samosas. And boy were they good! Ten minutes into prelude and the glorious Chicken Karahi arrives in with the KARAHI (or wok) itself!! Grabbed the naans, the plates, the spoon, fork and dived into the kadai chicken...head first...almost. The flavor of freshly ground pepper, chopped onions, jalapenos and the chicken was overwhelming, in a good way obviously. I have had Chicken Karahi before but this, by far, was the best one. The chicken pieces were succulent and full of flavor from the spices. I ditched the spoon, fork and knife because I felt I wasn't doing justice to one of the best Chicken Karahi recipes - yep, I used my hands to eat! 
The Butter Naans: I swear those naans were just too good to be true. Best. Naans. Ever. Soft, delicious naan smeared with butter with the right amount of crisp on the skin just made my day. Wrapped up my awesome dinner with Kheer, which was equally amazing as the others. 
Ever since, I went there three times...for the same Chicken Karahi. Hah! I think I will go there again this week and try something different. Happy Eating!I just simply love this place.
Have been here over a dozen times.  Most of the times, I just get the resham beef platter.  On rare occasions, I've ordered the chapli kabob.
Best time to visit is late night - after a long day of studying in the library.
Here's a secret, and i'm not sure if we get this treatment cause we are repeat customers; but, going there late, you can usually ask them to replace the salad in the platter with any other veg dish AND ask for some extra gravy on your rice (free of charge).
Their salad is probably the worst part of their food.
Their Naan is simply the best I've ever had.
Students get a free can of soda with their platter.  Can't beat that deal.
If you are looking for a healthy or 'great' tasting meal, I doubt this is the place to go.
But, it does the job for late night desi food cravings on a budget.This place is a diamond in the ruff.  The staff is always friendly.  The food is consistently delicious.  There's always parking in their lot.  The price is reasonable considering the portions you get.  Truly one of my favorite restaurants in all of Philadelphia.  Oh, if you're a student you get a free can of soda.Good authentic food. Do try. They have their own parking which is a big plus. Food is a bit oily by modern standards but otherwise it's very good.I've been wanting to try this place for quite some time now. As an Indian, I know Pakistani food is A-mazing. Their meats and spice mixes are exquisite. I have to say that this place did not disappoint.Very value for money. We ordered chicken kebabs, lamb kebabs, chicken biryani and lamb curry. Try different kebabs in your visit, you don't have to make a meal, ala carte skewers are good tasting options. Biryani was amazing, the spices were perfectly blended. They serve a veg dish with their meals which did not look too appealing to me. I ordered chapli kebab but they were out of beef which they told me about much towards the end of my meal. They did compensate by giving me chicken sheekh kebab on the house. Meal size is very big. It comes with naan, meat, rice and a side of vegetables. I'm giving one less star because they were out of a lot of things at just 1:30 pm.
Will definitely go back to try the much recommended chapli kebab.If you're looking for a Kabob, please try this place.  We tried the Lamb Kabob and lamb Chop Kabob but one of the best we have ever had.  The meat is Hallal , the place is clean, and the cashier was very kind.  We changed our order couple of times since we could not make up our mind, but he was very kind anyways.  Looks like a hang out for the locals and the Cab drivers (they know the best places to eat)..And after reading other reviews, I have to ask... what's with all these local college students raving about the food. When did 21 year old white college girls suddenly become connoisseurs of middle eastern food? It strikes me as the typical desire that young women have, to appear grown-up and sophisticated, and in this case... to have international palettes. But the truth is, they're only a few years removed from high-school cafeteria food. 
It's the pretentiousness of the gourmand in training. When all the Penn girls have graduated to nice homes and nicer restaurants, they can swap stories during their "girls night out" about the college places that were so good and authentic... and about the swarthy Arab guy behind the counter that checked them out... adding some spice that wasn't on the menu.
I'm all for fantasies, but I just can't come up with any myself to see beyond the obvious problems here. The place is crowded, dirty, has poor service, and poor attitude. And zero ambiance, unless you count dirty, crowded, and confusing as ambiance. Some might. Some might see crowded and dirty and think, "Arabian nights"... I don't know. There's no accounting for fantasies in a young girls mind.
The food is fine, but I've had equivalent from falafel vendors in New York. Enough said.I have had dinner here quite a few times and they serve the most delicious Non vegetarian food in university city. My favorite is the Chicken Kadai, takes around 25-30 mins but the wait is all worth it. The dish is good enough for 2-3 peopleI enjoyed an awesome meal, split with a friend, recently at Kabobeesh! This local jaunt appears to have been constructed inside an antique mobile home - complete with silver metal walls all around.
The food was delicious, and very authentic, served by people who can barely speak English. 
We shared one meal and a couple small-bite appetizers. This was perfect and we both left feeling satisfied for not too much cash. 
Though I'm not running back today, I would definitely return here.I hope the owners are reading this. I have been coming to this place for years and it has always been the best in town in terms of kabobs and Indian/Pakistani food. However, the last few times I have been there things have gotten progressively worse. I believe the owners son or young relative is running the kitchen and the nice man with the mustache is no longer at the counter. The food has gone way down hill. I had roti today that was uneatable. Kabobs were not great and portions smaller then usual. Lady at counter had no idea what she was doing and I sat there for 5 minutes while she Windexed the tables. They need to get their game in order or they will loose businesses including mine.We love Kabobeesh! Our favorite is the tandoori chicken dinner, which includes a piece of their delicious fresh-cooked nan, their buttery rice, and two of their spicy, saucy sides. It's really reasonably priced and totally delicious. A romantic restaurant this ain't-- I wouldn't take my parents here because they would probably think it was unsanitary. We've been going there for three years, though, and have never once gotten sick. They just don't put that much effort into decoration. The staff has always been friendly to us as well. I'd also recommend the veggie roll, which uses their vegetable patties that are basically the insides of a samosa fried up. Sooo delicious and cheap!First of all, the solid two points on here are merely just for the quality of food. I'm not one to ever review, but was just so disappointed by the $22 I spent here for getting kiddies meal that I had to write a review.
Ordered side orders of tandoori chicken, lamb chops and beef tikka but still left hungry. More like hangry. The quantity of food is so little, I get that it's "side order" but if they are charging $7 for each dish Id consider to get more than 3 pieces of beef boti and lamb chops. After asking the owner  to come over and look, his response was basically too bad and continues to tell my friend and I that he never heard that his quantity was ever an issue. Despite how good the food was, the attitude of the owner and his inability to understand our perspective is enough to keep me away.
Will save my appetite and money for a place that appreciates it more than how we just got treated.I ordered chicken biriani and it was the worst I've ever had. Unfortunately I was hungry and ate some of it. The rest went in the trash. It was old, no flavor just heat and it made me sick for 3 days! 
Never again and watch out and make sure the food is fresh! 
Never againKabobeesh is Philly's best known Pakistani restaurant.  Located in an old diner in University City, this is a popular place with Penn students as well as Pakistanis.  And why is this so?  Because the food is very good, the service friendly, and the prices extremely fair.  I recently enjoyed the Beef Resham platter here.  Resham is an Urdu word meaning 'silky' and this is a smooth dish.  For starters I ordered a Chicken samosa and a veggie cutlet.  However they did not turn out to be starters as they came after my entrée.  Oh well .... everyone is so friendly here it is easy to forgive this mistake and it worked out for the best as I could take them home to eat later.  Desert was Ras Malai.  If you don't know this desert, it is a tasty cheese and cream concoction. Kabobeesh is a good place to know about when hanging in University City.One of my favorite places to order out from in Philly. The lamb kebab is perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfect temperature. It drips with goodness and melts in your mouth and yes I am getting horny thinking about it. The chicken samosas are the neat crispy triangular kind, not the crumbling overstuffed monstrosities that Americans are used to. Portions are generous as well. Could not recommend more.Went here for lunch today and honestly some of the best food I've ever had! The portion sizes are huge, especially for the price! We will definitely be back very soon!The veggie roll/wrap that I ordered was just delicious. Its bang for the bucks.....very flavorful and filling. Good choices and decently prices. They also threw in a couple of other dishes for free with my order. Will definitely be a regular here.Food is served from a hot bar, not made to order. I tried three vegetable dishes, which were strangely oily and all tasted the same. Prices were high for a place that serves food on styrofoam with plastic utensils. An employee started sweeping right next to where I sat eating, then brought a huge bag of garbage out the front door. Not too classy.my favorite pakistani place these days. The fresh cooked items are the best especially the kababs, karahi, charga etc. The ready to go items are ok if you are in a hurry but usually made of 1/3rd oil.Nasty place with terrible food. Mix that with a bunch of desis who bring their crazy kids every where. I would never go back there again. I am a desi myself but this was one of the worst experience of my life.I was there and they had roaches traveling on the floor. I was very disappointed. 
No doubt the food is good but very dirty place.I go there with my freinds all the time, till I was at the bathroom and saw the guy that makes the bread leaving without washing his hand, I did confront the guy in front, and he did yell at him, but that doesn't mean he will clean his hand next time, the food is good but if it's going to get me sick, I don't want it.Well, despite the long gray hair baked into my naan, this place was pretty great. 
Gonna have to downgrade the rating based on that one. 
The Boyfriend and I had a lovely time chomping on the delicious rice, chick peas, and resham while playing Jeopardy with the other patrons. Seems like the regulars have been playing for a while and could easily won over the actual participants. Service was a little slow, but friendly. I'd definitely give it another try.So this might just be the best tasting Indian food joint in the city: Hands Down. Their chicken karahi is magical and too good to resist. The interior and decor is not that appealing so not an ideal place for a fancy dinner but the food is great. 
They have a wide variety of kabobs from lamb chicken beef and also pretty decent tandoori chicken. Furthermore, their naans are huge and they have these veggie wraps to cater to the vegetarian stragglers who have tagged along with meat eaters.
NOTE: Bring cash with you...Food is great.  I had lamb chops.  They were cooked as most Indian places cook meat - welllllllllllllll dooooooooooooooooooonnnnnnneeeeee.  But they were properly marinated in yogurt, were juicy and retained plenty flavor.
Wife had the tandori chicken and said it was pretty much the best she'd had.  Perfectly marinated and very juicy.
Looking in the kitchen, all Indian.  The people preparing the food being the from the place the food comes from is a huge plus as they know what it should be like.  
Very surreal experience as the place in like a 1940's diner type converted rail car.  Like the old school diners which are somehow disappearing.
The service was confusing and completely inefficient as some others have said.  That's why I give three stars.  It was very confusing ordering.  But, again, the food was great so we'll be back.