First time trying Ethiopian food and it was excellent! Staff was friendly and attentive without being overbearing. The food came quickly and was delicious.  Definitely coming back to try something else.This review is strictly for the coffee, as I have not tried the food yet.
Dear fellow yelpers, 
It is such a joyous occasion for me to write to you today. After months of searching and searching, I have finally found the best coffee in the University city, Rittenhouse, Penn Center area. Kaffa coffee is one of those rare things in life where mere words can not articulate the experience. If you want the perfect blend of smooth delicate notes, with the perfect nutty accent, this is your cup of coffee. At under $2 for a "bucket"of coffee this is my new go to spot. The owner is super chill, but loves to talk about coffee. After a long day, or before; you owe it to yourself to try this coffee.I would like to give this place more stars, because the food I was finally able to order was delicious, but when I went the last time, I tried ordering four different things before they finally had something available! This was a little frustrating because I was really looking forward to trying the doro tibs, but they were out. Then I tried to order the shiro wat, and they were out. Then I tried to order the tofu wat, but... you get the idea.
The misir wat that I actually did end up trying was perfectly spiced and very filling, the injera light and spongy and delicious, but it's still not really what I had wanted to get. The service was also VERY slow, although the cafe itself is pretty cute and they had some delicious looking pastries in the case.I was in school in Washington, DC when I developed my taste for Ethiopian cuisine. I had not been impressed with the offerings that were available in Philadelphia's restaurants. In fact, when I needed to satisfy a craving for injira and doro wat, I would actually travel to DC or NY . I am finally happy to say that I only have to travel thru West Philly to get my grub on. The injira was warm, fresh and perfectly done and the entrees were excellent. We had Doro tibs  and the vegetarian combo. The meat was at delicious and cooked to a perfect tenderness. The veggies were seasoned just right. We did not order " spicy" and it had just enough kick. So glad we found this place!The quality of the food is very obviously high. This is the cleanest ethiopian joint in the area for sure, and they even have smoothies, lattes and teas, and even a full bar and beers. I've finally made it to Kaffa, and I'm glad to have been able to try a few of my favorites in a new spot. 
The kitfo rare came out in a very finely ground texture, with a spice that rises on your tongue and goes really well with the lentils and injera. The injera here is less fluffy and more hearty than other places, but the sourness is something that I love about this type. The shared platter of kitfo, yebeg (lamb) tibs and sides was an excess amount of food for two people. The sambusa at the beginning was hot and much more flavorful than I've had in the past. 
Everything here had a healthier, lighter feel to it. I can tell that the ingredients they use are better for me than some butter-heavy dishes in other places nearby, but still it has the same hearty spicy flavor for the lamb, same mitmita of the kitfo, and same awesome gomen and mesir wot. I'll be back soon for the lamb, sambusa, and to try their doro wot and smoothies!N and I made an unplanned visit to Kaffa Crossing as we were planning to go to Marrakesh Express which was closed. We ordered Pita plate and lamb tibs with rice. The place was pretty clean except that the white tablecloth had a big yellow stain that grossed us a little bit.
They brought pita plate in a good time but they took a loooong time to bring lamb. N went to answer a phone call while I entertained myself with a man sitting next to me who was quizzing kids on all kinds of trivia facts. finally our meal arrived which was worth the wait as they food tasted very fresh was pretty flavorful. N thought it was a little bland but I enjoyed it a lot.Delicious. We moved to west Philly a couple of weeks ago, and have been binging on all of the delicious Ethiopian fare. This is far and away the best we've encountered so far. Yum.Some of the best Ethiopian food in the city- if you like Ethiopian food (sounds obvious but you'd be surprised.) Take friends & share a large plate of stuff with injera & don't be afraid to try the kitfo- its DELICIOUS.What a sweet little place. I haven't even tried the food yet but my roommates have said great things.. This is just a few blocks from our place so its conveniently located and a good place to do work or study. Its also much less crowded than the other cafes in the area so you can actually get a seat and an outlet.  =)
 I'm not sure if they usually play music but I came early on a weekend so it was pretty quiet. Only a few other tables were occupied with lap tops and coffee mugs. The interior is warmly decorated with Ethiopian art, dark wood with cherry red and light yellow paint schemes. (and I love a place with details like art glass transoms and tin coffered ceilings!) 
The best part of my experience was the woman behind the counter. I was short a dollar in paying for my coffee and ginger cherry biscotti but when I told her just to take the biscotti off, she insisted I take it. "I buy" she said. I wanted to hug her. What a wonderful gesture on a rainy Sunday morning!
I'll definitely be back soon.The food and environment are great. This is my favorite place to study. But their coffee leaves a lot to be desired. Come here to eat or study, not to caffeinate.For my first experience with Ethiopian food, it wasn't too bad! I ordered from the vegetarian menu: cabbage and carrots with Ethiopian spices. It was very good and super filling. In fact I still had a good portion left by the time I was done. Next time I think I'll try the vegetarian sampler plate.My pretty blond friend who works at Kaffa would always bring me some surprise platter on an injera. It is a cozy environment where you can have an afternoon in peace to study, read, do work or just get some coffee and eat with you hands. Work from local painters hang on the wall and are for sale, along with a handful of fair-trade African goods. It is BYOB, but get some ginger beer instead.First time having Ethiopian food! Disclaimer: I am not a fan of injera - the spongy flatbread that's actually sourdough-risen and made out of teff flour (thanks Wikipedia). The texture is a little too soft and spongy for me; that and the sourness is not really my thang...HOWEVER, anything tastes good when you have super delicious lamb (doro wot). Far and beyond the best part of my meal. For a table of 4 girls, we ordered the hummus platter (feta cheese, olives, hummus, olive oil, $7), yebeg tib (chicken, $12.25), doro wot (lamb, $15), shiro wat (chickpeas, $9). Final came out to ~$12ish per person after tax and tip. Service was great but you had to ask for them to come over (but when they did, they took care of everything). Wash your hands before you start, ask for lots of napkins, refill your water, and don't forget to go up to the cashier to pay - they won't bring out the check. Kaffa Crossing is past 44th and Chestnut which is a little farther than I usually like to wander but I came here for a 6 PM dinner and finished by 7:30 when it was still light out and walked back as a group. It was fine, but definitely not in Kansas anymore.Man, we had one baddddddd experience here a couple weeks ago. 
Came here on a Friday night and there was only one person working the front of the house. Started off fine, as he took our orders and filled up our water glasses. Unfortunately, we wouldn't hear anything from him again for nearly an hour. No refills, no 'sorry, we're shorthanded and your food will be a little while longer', no 'can I get you some bread while you wait', or anything like that. Just straight ignored us or was in the back of the restaurant (probably cooking since we wouldn't see him for stretches of time). Finally someone in our party asked if our food would be ready soon, to which he assured us it would... and it didn't come out for about another twenty minutes.
With half of our table enduring headaches and ready to keel over from lack of sustenance, the food was quickly inhaled with a flurry of injera flying in all directions. We got the lamb, beef tibs, hummus platter, and ful to share. Both of the meat dishes were very chewy (I think I worked off more calories trying to digest them than were actually in the food), but well seasoned and sauced. The ful was good, the hummus was very good, and the injera was exactly what it should be. 
Our waiter never came back to check on us or to see if our food was all hot and what we ordered, and we basically had to chase him down later to pay for our meal. Amidst our endless wait, we saw other tables full of famished people hoping their food would arrive before midnight.
Thank goodness the food was (mostly) good, or this would have been my first 1 star review. That said, I sure as hell won't be back to find out if this experience was a fluke.Absolutely delicious. I got a vegetarian combo to go. Friendly staff and very fast turn around time. The meal was well packaged and plenty of food with the classic combination of dishes (spinach, cabbage and potato, spicy red lentils, mild yellow lentils) and two large pieces of injera. Strong recommendation for tasty Ethiopian cuisine!My go to place for Ethiopian ... They even know my order when they see me. I usually go for the lamb tibs, collared greens and lentils. I have never been disappointed. Friendly service and tasty food each and every time.Kaffa has great smoothies, mini-snacks, authentic Ethiopian coffee. Their food is pretty good.Chill atmosphere, attentive service, and most importantly-- great food!
Came here with a friend on a Friday night. The place wasn't empty but was still quiet enough that we were seated immediately and could comfortably carry on a conversation. We started off with the Sambusas as an appetizer, which came out piping hot and delicious (although a bit small for our hungry stomachs). For an entree I decided to try something new (I'll be the first to admit that I eat way too much meat for my own good) and order the Vegetarian Platter. It was an enormous amount of delicious food, even for my large appetite, and left me feeling stuffed (and it was veggies!). To be honest, I didn't know exactly what was in most of what I was eating, but it was great especially with the fluffy injera we were provided. My friend got one of the chicken dishes, which she enjoyed very much as well; having had home-cooked Ethiopian before, she gave a thumbs-up to the authenticity of the cuisine.
The waitress was great, attentive but not intrusive. She even gave us a basket of extra injera, which was much appreciated since things can get messy without utensils! Prices were very very reasonable for the amount of food we got; the total came out to about $15 per person, which was great considering that we got an appetizer and enough entree that my companion had a full doggy bag to bring home. And as for me-- let's just say the food was so great that I couldn't leave it for later!My very first time eating Ethiopian food. 
And I was not disappointed. Everything the had  a good spicy flavor. 
The chicken was tender and tasted fresh.
Everything had a lot of flavor 
I'm not crazy about the bread, maybe I'm just not use to the texture is very strange and I'd imagine they be warm and not so cold.
Also very cheap and filling.
This something to eat with a group.
I'll def be backKaffa Crossing was my first Ethiopian experience and the food was delicious!  A girlfriend and I shared the vegetarian platter and added a side of eggplant.  It was more than enough for two once you couple the platter with the Injera - this crazy amazing spongy pancaky bread that you use to scoop up all other delightfulness served.  The service was definitely lacking as we sat at the table for a good fifteen minutes before we even saw anyone to give us menus.  However, the delicious food, the prices, and the fact that it's a BYO will keep me coming back for more!We went there yesterday and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The restaurant is not in the nicest of Philly neighborhoods, but don't let that deter you.  Kaffa is a vibrant yellow inside and very clean and open.  The service, while not quick, was attentive.  The food took a little while, but it was piping hot and fresh when it came out, so I cannot complain.   My boys, both age 12, were adopted from Ethiopia in 2009 and they are the ultimate critics.  We got the sambusa, vegetarian combo, shiro wat (a must have), yebeg tibs (lamb), and doro wat (chicken).  Everything was excellent.  We always like shiro wat and theirs was very good.  The yebeg tibs were a favorite and even enough to tempt me (a vegetarian) for a bite.  Sometimes Ethiopian food can feel like a staple (lentils, meat, etc.) all with the same spice...not the case here.  Every dish had great unique flavor, but complimentary so you could scoop up a parts of different dishes.  We got our food traditional family style and was surprised most of the other customers did not do the same.  I make a few Ethiopian dishes at home and they were kind enough to sell me a few bags of injera to take home!  We will definitely return.Great Ethiopian Food. Great place for vegan and vegetarian take out.  Had meat options for our friends as well.  We did take out and was very satisfied with the flavor and quality of the food.  Recommend for those seeking ethnic food options.I like this place a lot, especially as a little neighborhood spot. The coffee is amazing. In fact, I never have a problem with the cafe portion of Kaffa. And the staff are generally very pleasant. My biggest problem: inconsistency in the food. I have had amazing food here and also really sub-par food. I will definitely continue to frequent this place but I hope that the food will be more consistent. This could be the best Ethiopian restaruant in West Philly but if they keep serving food that says "they wont know any better" they'll end up loosing good business.Came for dinner with a party of four on a Saturday, 6:30 pm. Another reviewer mentioned it didn't seem like "the safest area," but I know the area well and can say that it's about as safe as most areas of University City. It's a small place but has plenty of seating: about five tables for four and many tables for two that could easily be pushed together. 
Food was ok- I ordered the Ethiopian vegetarian combo ($11). It consisted of a large piece of injera, two piles of stewed yellow split peas, one pile of cabbage, one pile of a cooked leafy green that reminded me of collard greens, and one pile of romaine lettuce with very sour dressing. The flavor was pretty bland, with too heavy of a sour overtone. It was especially disappointing because I normally love Ethiopian food!
Service was slow throughout the evening because there was only one server working.I had a hankering for Ethiopian food, and I heard West Philly is the place to go for authentic fare of that cuisine. I came here recently with a few girls I was in a Wharton group project with last semester - our collective grievances with that class were indeed a unifying force, and partially explains why we continued meeting up long after our last assignment was turned in...
Anyway, Kaffa Crossing is on Chestnut between 44th and 45th, but it feels quite a ways away from even the westernmost tip of Penn's campus. I like the name; it is whimsical and romantic. The interior is modest and clean, though fairly spartan; softer lighting and light music would do wonders to create a more café-esque mood, but alas! As they seem to have wi-fi, I could totally see myself grabbing lunch and a coffee here to do some work away, physically and spiritually, from the overly commercial eateries offered on campus (Au Bon Pain, anyone?).
We ordered sambusas to start - and if you think it sounds like "samosa," points for you! It is indeed like a samosa, but with a lighter, flakier outer shell. I called it a "curry-filled wonton," which I'd say is a pretty good description! These were heavenly pillows of fried goodness :)
For my entrée, I got an individual portion of the vegetarian combo. (I would have shared with the rest of the table, but I felt like I was coming down with something, so I culinarily quarantined myself for the evening.) The food itself was a little underwhelming. I've never had a fully vegetarian Ethiopian meal, so it's probably unfair to compare with my past experiences, but I thought there could be more spice and, well, energy, if that makes sense. Still, I was full and satisfied, and the coffee I got was excellent! Apparently, they are fair trade, too.
If you are craving something off the beaten path, and you maintain your enthusiasm for hipstery things even when no one is looking, this might be the place for you :)Came to this place after wanting to try Ethiopian cuisine for a long time. It was pretty empty when we came in but you can see they have quite some fan base. The person taking the order took time to explain the dishes. We ordered the veg platter, side of shiro wot, chicken doro tibs and injera. Injera is like Indian dosa. Vegetarian dishes here were a little bland for my taste but I think it's normal with Ethiopian food. Doro tibs were really really good and a highlight of the meal. Order spicy, you won't be disappointed. Portion sizes were huge. 4 of us could not finish 2 full dishes. 
It did take server almost 15-20 mins to bring our check when we were done. We finally had to go to the counter and pay. I will definitely come back to try beef and lamb tibs.I love Kaffa Crossing because it's the best in two worlds: they have wonderful Ethiopian menu - lots of Vegetarian options . We came for lunch on a saturday and I had Ethiopian Vegetarian Combo - ellow split peas, spiced split lentils, collard greens, string beans & carrots and salad. Yum! my friend had Spicey Doro Tibs (chicken). Prices are reasonable. Kaffa Crossing is also a coffeehouse where they serve fair trade Ethiopian coffee and yummy pastries. They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. I think Kaffa Crossing is as good as the full-fledge Ethiopian restaurants on Baltimore Ave and thereabout.This place had a cute coffeehouse format, very different than most of the other Ethiopian restaurants, but was still quite spacious. It had wonderful hardwood floors that would have been perfect for a salsa night with the tables removed. Ok, I digress. The menu was not extremely extensive. On the other hand, the price was a bit more than other Ethiopian places. 
When the food came out, I barely contained myself long enough to say grace before pouncing on the HUMONGOUS plate. I would say that the portions are about 30% - 50% larger than at Abyssinia's and maybe 200% larger than at Dahlak's. No, I am not being hyperbolic. 
The food generally was quite delicious; the lamb and other ingredients seemed very fresh. Kaffa Crossing's Gomen (collard greens) is probably the best of any Ethiopian restaurant in the city. 
The only really disappointment I had at Kaffa was the injera (spongy sourdough pancake that you eat everything). Although the injera that came on the separate plate was okay, the injera that lined the plate underneath the food was dry. My knowledgeable companion, who comes to Kaffa quite often, stated that the injera is not always consistent - sometimes dry, but usually okay in her opinion. 
All in all, a great dining experience. It's a bit more expensive (read a dollar or two), but you are getting more also. Thanks to this post, now I have a horrible almost uncontrollable craving for Ethiopian food. Good thing I'm not even close to being in Philly.My 1st time eating Ethiopian food and I wasn't disappointed.  The food was absolutely delish! Still wish I ordered the large pumpkin chai smoothie instead of the small.This is my second time having Ethiopian food, the first time being back in Columbus, OH. I was a bit wary, as my first Ethiopian food experience was not so great, but this was truly a great experience!
For people not familiar with Ethiopian food, it is served in a "family style" with the platters of meats and veggies served on a large plate on top of injera, the namesake Ethiopian flatbread. No utensils--you use your hands to eat everything, and extra injera is provided to scoop up the platter portions.
From a personal standpoint, I like my injera to be mild (slightly spongy, only slightly sour, and not too sticky). Kaffa Crossing's injera fit this description perfectly. Ethiopian food can occasionally have the reputation of being extremely spicy, but the spice level here was completely manageable (and mild options are available for those who are concerned). The atmosphere on a Friday night was clean, quiet, and low-key. It was truly relaxing. As a group of 4, we ordered about 5 platters, which was more than enough food (we were all stuffed!). The bill came out to be about $18/person pre-tax/tip. 
Overall, if you are looking for a new food experience, definitely check this place out! Highly recommended.I tried this place out for lunch and I was surprised to see so many grad students hanging out here on a Sunday afternoon.  It's not in the best part of town but it is nice and clean inside with lots of tables and chairs.  There is a cashier counter and glass case in the middle of the restaurant where you can order to grab and go.  There are typical cafe fare and plenty of coffee.  I didn't try these things and went right to ordering Ethiopian food after I sat down (there is waiter service).  It's like Almaz in that a husband and wife couple run the place but I have to say that the food is definitely different.  The lamb entree is very flavorful but it's not stew-like, it's very dry.  It is sauteed with plenty of bell peppers and onions.  They give you plenty of "bread" and the veggie platter is enough to share between 2 people.  They ask you how spicy you want your food and I asked for spicy and it was perfect.  I didn't like their potato/cabbage/carrot concoction (which is my favorite at Almaz) because it was soggy and not very flavorful.  The other parts of the platter were very good though and overall, I thought the food was very good.  This place is cheaper than Almaz but I'm guessing it's because of the real estate and surrounding area.  If I'm ever in W. Philly, I'll definitely go here again.I love this place! I just moved to this neighborhood and I've been coming here every day. The coffee is really good, actually, which I wasn't expecting from an Ethiopian joint, so I stop here for my morning coffee. Food is also really great -- I go for the vegetarian combo and the breakfast options, all super delicious. You can ask them to make more or less spicy for you. It's always quiet here so it's great for me to study. A small local business worth supporting!This is easily one of my favorite places in the city. Despite not being the biggest fan of Ethiopian food, I love their kitfo. They also brew a great cup of coffee, and the people that work there are some of the nicest you'll ever meet.  I normally come alone for the kitfo or to have a cup of joe and get some writing done, but it's also a good place for groups, meetings, dates and the like. 
It's really just a wonderful, warm and inviting place.Place was busy on a weeknight with a huge cross section of different folks. Food was intense and truly a treat for my tastebuds. They have a bar of you would like a drink and the service was fine. Only downside was a huge package of Injera sitting on the next table so you automatically know they buy it. But I'd definitely still do back!!After waiting for 45 minutes, I was finally acknowledged by a member of the waitstaff.  I had originally wanted to order food, but after seeing how long it took to be acknowledged by a server, I shuddered to think of how long it would take to have food delivered to the table, so I switched up my plans, and had a cup of coffee (which was actually very good).  I went elsewhere for my dinner.Oh, fellow Yelpers, you've let me down. I had a hankering for good Ethiopian and the reviews of this place made me expect, apparently, too much.
First off, there's the location. It's hard to get over. I'm street savvy and not overly scared of watching my own back, but there's no getting over just how unpleasant this part of West Philly's ghetto really is. At 3pm on a weekday, it was already full of bums, crackheads, shady guys making comments, and more trash than I could wade through.
Seriously, the location is a dump. I wouldn't go here alone, even during the day, and I sure as hell wouldn't come here at night, even with company. So that's par for the course. (Also, I digress: if you're the grungy or dreadlocked type of hipster, or just down with a more street crowd, you might not get the sort of looks I did. It's not like I walked out here decked out like a prepster, but I definitely got extra flack for being a whitey-white girl being where she shouldn't be.)
The cafe itself is also very, very dingy. Paint peeling, rickety furniture, cracks in the flooring, more than a handful of free-roaming flies, etc. It was, I suppose, a little more "earthy" and a little less "homey" than I expected, in that regard. A glance behind the coffee bar at least told me that hygiene was definitely being maintained back there--can't speak for back in the kitchen, which is behind a solid door in the back.
The lady behind the counter was very nice and spoke very limited English, which is usually, to me, a sign of good things to come. I have a good bit of travel under my belt and language barriers don't phase me. My beau and I got iced coffee, which was ok (I still like Almaz's better) and ordered a hummus platter to start, as well as yebeg tibs (spicy) and kitfo (medium rare).
The hummus platter was generous, with decent hummus (probably not home-made), tons of extremely tasty green olives, and store-bought thick multigrain pita. Not exhilirating, but alright.
The meat dishes came served together on a large platter, on top of injera, with a tiny portion of collard greens, a mild crumbled white cheese (think Feta in looks but cottage cheese in terms of taste), and yellow lentils--these added sides were no more than maybe 3 Tbsp each, though the tibs and kitfo portions were almost too generous. There was also an extra plate of injera on the side--definitely more than plenty, so don't even think about ordering extra. ;)
All the sides were delicious, so I was sad the portions were so small. I did enjoy my partner's tibs, though I found it a little underwhelming and very greasy. My kitfo was floating in chili oil and, while tasty, had come raw rather than medium rare. (I loves me some still-mooing cow, but I also like to trust a place and don't generally get raw red meat items on a first visit, unless highly recommended.) That was fine, but how they managed to make raw ground beef heavy rather than light/refreshing, I don't know.
My favorite part was the injera. I found it a little less sourdough-y/tangy than Almaz's (not better or worse, just different) but the texture was perfect.
We dropped just under $50 with tip for those two iced coffees (which neither of us finished: rare for two ex-baristas), the appetizer, and two mains. It was too much, in my opinion, for the quality of food.
Worst part, I had to stop by the pharmacy on the way home for a bunch of antacids because the kitfo just started riling my stomach up. I don't know if it was a freshness issue (it tasted fine--but was very highly spiced, so I might have been off on that count) or just all the chili oil everything was floating in. It took a half pack of extra-strength Rolaids before I felt alright, and it took me out of commission for the rest of the day.
The service was friendly and not pushy; the atmosphere was laid-back. But the location was extremely iffy, and nothing about the experience makes me want to make another trip back to see if it was the kitfo's fault or my stomach's. Sorry Kaffa; I'll be sticking to Almaz from now on.Not sure why this has 4 stars. I'd hate to try out an Ethiopian restaurant in Philly with anything less than 4 because this place was shoddy. The service was crap because the cook was the host and server and the food lacked the level of spice you'd expect from a quality Ethiopian joint. I wish this place was better because by yelp, it's tops in the Philly area. I probably won't be back. 
And don't get the hummus.I love the vibe in this place.  so cozy and layed back.  The food is great, and they have both sit down homemade meals, as well as ready to go, preprepared snacks/meals.  The owners are so friendly and nice, just really good people.
The place is set up like a coffee house, and though very different than a typical Ethiopian restaurant, it works really nice.  Great place to hang out with friends and linger after a meal to drink some delicious Ethiopian coffee or tea.  
They have a lot of organic selections, which is always a plus.
Street parking is always easy here, but the place is tiny from the outside and easy to not see if you have never been here.  If you are heading east, down chesnut street, they will be on your left hand side.I got to go on a date with Blake F., Erin F., and Felicia D. this week.
I'm new to Ethiopian food, but my compatriots are not. We got the veggie sample platter with a few extras, and Felicia and I split the lamb tibs. I was stuffed halfway through the meal, and we had left overs.
The food was good, though the lamb was a little gristly. I really don't know if this is how it usually is or not, though. 
Guess how much our bill was. GUESS! Really, really inexpensive. That's how much. 
It's a shame I don't live near by anymore.My girlfriend and I wanted to camp out at a coffee shop for a few hours to do work and stumbled across Kaffa Crossing. As lovers of Ethiopian cuisine, and haters of crowded midtown Starbuck(s), the quaint West-Philly cafe seemed like a perfect option.
Not only does Kaffa Crossing make great coffee, but they serve perhaps the best Ethiopian food we've had in Philly. The spicy beef tibs and veggie combo were on point, and I can't say that I've had better injera outside of D.C. Plus Kaffa is a great place to do work!
For a quick coffee or a full-on Ethiopian feast, this place gets the job done, and does it well.This place is as good as it gets - equally as good as Abyssinia and better than Dhalak or Ethio cafe. The injera is always fresh and the veggie combo is fantastic. Good portions. Its BYO too and has great coffee and more reliable internet than most coffee shops in west Philadelphia.It was awesome to finally try ethiopian food with my favorite ethiopian friend. The place is really cute and the owners are so nice it hurts... I was even fed, which apparently is a traditional custom. Let me specify, it was the friend that fed me, not the owners.
We had the fitfit, the ethiopian vegetarian combination platter, the kitfo, and plenty of injera. Way too much food for just two girls. Everything was great, particularly the yellow split peas and the collard greens. The kitfo was good, but a little too spiced for me. The texture of the injera is beyond dreamy, sourdough-y and fluffy! We also had plenty of some very nicely spiced tea. Best one ever.
All in all, Kaffa Crossings was an incredible change from the food I normally eat.I am always looking for good Ethiopian food as I lived in DC, and have sampled some of the best over there. Kaffa has met expectations, however, not the best in Philadelphia for me. Good vegetarian options and good service (although sometimes too slow).First thing I craved when I arrived in this "big city" was Ethiopian! Understand that I come from Norfolk, Virginia where their idea of exotic is take out Chinese food (which is on every corner btw). Did a quick search and tried to find something easy to get to by foot and public transport. This one popped up and I wasn't sure at first whether they would meet expectations. I mean... they're a cafe. Even when you walk in you're not very reassured because it's like you're walking into a Starbucks... and they don't serve meals!
Anyways, when I was handed a menu I was reassured and I saw the familiar items of tibs and wot! I have been here several times now and I do like their lamb and beef a lot. Chicken is ok, but I like the others better! The okra wot was slightly tangy which made it fun to eat. All the vegetables from chickpeas to lentils were fantastic. They also had a decent list of smoothies that seemed delicious as well. Bring your friend who have never tried Ethiopian food before! Remember... no utensils!Amazing, delicious food! I got the Derek Tibs (beef) with spiced lentils and collard greens. The people working there were extremely sweet and patient with us. They were also extremely accommodating of my friend's gluten-free needs; she just ordered a regular entree (note: the meat entrees come with the main meat and then two vegetarian sides) but instead of having it with the injera (bread), she had it over rice. It was also not too busy at all on a Thursday night. Highly recommend!This is a family style restaurant. The server doesn't do a great job of explaining that. All the dishes that you order are served on a single injera intended to be shared by the whole the table. 
The food in general was great. We tried the lamb preparation and the eggplant preparation which were great. The other sides served with the injera were a little bland.
Nevertheless, it's a great place if you are looking to try something new.Kaffa is still far and away the best place to get a coffee in ucity.  
I've finally tried their ethiopian food, and it's delicious.
The whole atmosphere here is relaxed, fabulous, and moves at a "no rush" pace.  People from all walks of life come in here- ethiopian american families, students, spanish tutors and study groups, and old leftists book circles all stop by.  
Don't expect this to be like a starbucks.My first time at an Ethiopian restaurant and I enjoyed it very much! Friends of ours who have had many meals here were excited to bring us since we're usually up for any type of food. We love food!  We had a really good time with great food  and great customer service.  
My favorite was the spiced lentils and collard greens. Truly, everything was tasty. I could eat their injira at every meal. The coconut chai smoothie was DEElicious.
The place was clean and our server left us wanting for nothing. We had a very positive experience and the food was super yummy! 
I will definitely be going back!I give Kaffa Crossing five stars the service here is amazing. The Ethiopian food here is authentic and portions here are big and worth every cent. Kaffa is an amazing cafe that is a mix of everything Ethiopian restaurant, snack shack, smoothie bar, and coffee shop. I would recommend trying Kaffa out.Wow, this place is great! I was pretty much willing to write off Ethiopian food after giving Abyssinia and Dahlak several tries. Kaffa is way better. The food is perfectly seasoned, fresh, and prepared with care. If you like beans for breakfast, which I do, the Ful Special is incredibly delicious. It is a warm bowl of ful topped with a very spicy sauce and some cooling yogurt, served with injera. The other menu items are good too, at least the vegetarian ones I tried. The collards are garlicky and fresh, and the okra is great too. The Ful Special is the best thing I tried - I could eat that every day of my life.I like the food here. This is one of the better Ethiopian restaurants in Philly. I ordered the vegetarian combo which is very filling for 1 person. The fitfit appetizer is also very good. The food is very flavorful and tastes better than at most other Philly Ethiopian restaurants. My only suggestion for improvement would be adding a bit of depth to their menu. That said, I'll definitely come back!I've only had Ethiopian food a handful of times before, but I didn't find Kaffa Crossing to be particularly good. I wasn't feeling hungry enough for lamb or beef, so I ended up ordering the tofu wot. The injera was good, but I wasn't impressed with the tofu. The sauce had a hint of spice but was otherwise bland and kind of tomato-y. The service was mediocre and nothing special as well.
I don't know if I'd return for the food, but their coffee and drinks menu looked amazing (Peppermint patty hot chocolate? Raspberry swirl latte? Totally my kinda stuff) - I'd go back to try those!Delicious and inexpensive. I just had the best tibs for lunch. I can't believe I've driven past this restaurant so many times without trying it. It is now my favorite Ethiopian restaurant in the city. So incredibly delicious!Delicious coffee, comfortable, clean atmosphere, free wi-fi. Ordered Yebeg Tibs and sambusa. The lamb was rubbery and inedible. The sambusa was ok. The service was spotty at best.
Id definitely come back for coffee and wi-fi. However, not for the food.Kaffa is a bit deeper west than I usually travel, but glad I did. Unlike most cafes which are kind of informal and hipster, Kaffa has got a very nostalgic coffee house feel to it. The coffee is served with a saucer and spoon rather than just a mug, and the people visiting give it a sort of small-town meeting-house feel.
As for the food itself, it's hard to be a fair critic because I don't eat Ethiopian much, but I found it enjoyable. The appetizer I ordered was basically shreds of injera soaked in spice and was very tasty. As for the main meal, I found it slightly less enjoyable than the appetizer, but still tasty. I forget exactly what I ordered, but it came out on a big plate covered in injera, with a large spread of sauce in the middle. (To be honest I didn't think the presentation was very good, almost reminding me of an unpainted canvas-- something felt missing.) The sauce was only mildly spicy and flavorful, which was disappointing, but it was spicy enough to pass and the injera itself had a slightly acidic flavor that was very tasty. And as for the coffee, it pleased as expected, with a signature acidic aftertaste.Came here for a BYOB group dinner with 25 people and the restaurant was very accommodating. Though located in an area without much going on at night (besides Penn), I think it's a great little secret. 
The restaurant, I believe, is run by Ethiopians, so the food is pretty authentic from what I know. The meat dishes come served on a bread plate type thing (something like a dosa or a roti), and you use it to eat your meal. I ordered the Doro Tibs, which were chicken cubes cooked in a spicy sauce, and I thought it was very flavorful. 
It was too bad that I couldn't pay more attention to the food since I was mingling so much, but I look forward to coming here again and trying some more of their dishes. Another plus is that it's really affordable - only down side is that it's out of the way.Update:  Ok, there was handsoap the last time I went.  Every time I go and there is actually handsoap in the bathroom, I'll increase my rating by one star.I enjoyed both a delicious coffee and a delicious smoothie here and got a bunch of work done at this lively and cozy cafe/restaurant.This place is great!  The vegetarian platter is delicious and gives you a variety of things.  It's also at a good price, around $8 if I remember correctly.  If you go with another person who likes to eat the same kind of things, order two different dishes, and they'll put them all together on one plate laid over the injera (ethiopian bread).  Then you can have an even bigger variety!  The chicken here is really good.  I ask them to make it spicy, but in my opinion it still could be a little more spicy (I like things really hot though).  
        Service has been good the two times I've gone here.  The staff is very friendly.  The only reason I don't give it a fifth star is because the flavor isn't quite up to match the incredible Ethiopian food I used to eat in Memphis, which was also much more spicy.  My other complaint would have to be parking, as there isn't a lot.  You have to find your own on the street, which could be a problem sometimes.   I will definitely come back though next time I'm in the University City area.The service is not the best but the food is awesome.  Vegetarian combo is the best bet for fellow herbivores.As a student that frequents coffee shops all around West Philly to study/get my caffeine fix/eat, I can honestly say that Kaffa Crossing is the best on all accounts. The menu is surprisingly large and is literally the best Ethiopian food in the city. They have a bakery that, while smaller than Metropolitan nearby, is much cheaper and equally as good. The place itself is a great mix of neighborhood locals and students, old and young, and the decor is comfy, Ethiopian-themed, and inviting. 
It has, hands down, the BEST COFFEE in West Philadelphia; literally perfect! Plus, the fresh fruit smoothies are just that; real fruit blended with soy milk. The sheer diversity and quality of the food and drink offered here is unbelievable.
Bottom line, this place somehow has it all: a great byo for you and friends and a wifi cafe for when you need to catch up on some reading.If you want a laid-back peaceful haven in West Philadelphia, this is the place to go. A high ceiling and large fans give the small location an airy atmosphere, and the Ethiopian art scattered here and there with joyful African music playing quietly in the background gives the customer a home-like, out-of-Philadelphia experience . Free WiFi enables patrons to get work done, all while feasting on delicious, healthy, and filling food. And if you need a caffienated pick-up, the coffee and cappucino are out this world!Space:
Clean, neat, fresh, colorful, enjoyable
Food:
Tasty, came out fast, good for Gluten Free & Vegetarians 
Service:
Attentive, pleasant, helpfulSlightly longer wait than I preferred, but the doro tibs was delicious and they were very accommodating for my friend's dietary needs.  Huge portions, kind service.  I can't wait to go back.This place has been on my "to try" list for a while so I finally got around to it!  The man working here was friendly and patient with us. I like that this place has a good laid back feel. Apparently their stuff is fair trade which I fully support. The menu is straightforward and it says what you'll get in case it's your first time. I think the prices could be cheaper but that's ok. The food was good. It's not my favorite Ethiopian place in the neighborhood but it's good enough.As a first timer, this was a great introduction to Ethiopian food. I had the vegetarian combo (cabbage, lentils, salad, and collard greens) and was easily satisfied. The Mango smoothie was also a delight. My friend had the Tibs (beef, cabbage, and lentils) and was also very pleased. Also a great space to get work done during the day.Delicious, best Ethiopian food I've had in Philadelphia. I especially recommend the eggplant dish and the tofu dish which were not overly spicy in the way that some of the beam dishes were. Will come here again as soon as I have the opportunity.I went here based on a Phillyblog recommendation, and oh man, this is my favorite restaurant so far.  That might not be saying much, since I've only eaten here and at the New Delhi buffet, but I'm confident Kaffa Crossing will remain at the top of my favorite restaurants list.  I shared two appetizers (some kind of samosa-ish thing and a roll-up injera with tofu...something) and the veggie platter with my boyfriend.  We thought it might not be enough, because we were told the platter is for one (not two), but it definitely was.  Cheap, cozy, cute, great.This is a really good Ethiopian spot for Philadelphia. The food tastes fresh and bright. I wish that they had a meat combo platter because I am a lazy orderer. There is a veggie combo platter, which is tasty, but I wish the unhealthy, overweight meat eaters could work a little less and just point and grunt at a number and be treated to a plethora of well-seasoned carnage. The service can be a bit slow because it seems that the server is also cooking...but that also means if she recommends a dish it will be delicious.
Wash your hands, prep yourself for some down time and enjoy.This place has the most flavorful Ethiopian food that Ive found in Philly. Prices are reasonable, and there is a full bar. Service can be pretty slow though, but I always leave here happy.Kaffa Crossing was my first experience with Ethiopian food. Despite the trek from campus, I'd say it was worth it. For those who haven't had Ethiopian food before, the meal consists of a stew of sorts, wot (similar to an Indian balti) served atop an (enormous) crepe/pancake. Unfortunately for me, I didn't factor my gluten intolerance into the mix when deciding to get Ethiopian, making my sampling of the sourdough, spongy injera  bread limited.
I ordered the soup of the day, which was fresh and delicious, albeit mildly spiced vegetable. My friends and I split the tofu wot, the eggplant wot, and the yellow split pea (kik aletcha) wot. To me, the kik aletcha was the blandest of the three, the other two tasty, yet lacking sufficient spice. If i return, I will definitely ask for more spice, and will probably also order a meat dish to see how it compares.
Service and ambiance-wise, our waitress was extremely friendly and helpful, and the cafe in general had a comfy, warm atmosphere. Oddly enough, the only dessert to my knowledge was biscotti, an odd choice for an Ethiopian restaurant.
The food here is good, although spice lovers, make sure to ask for heightened spiciness! As for me, I may return; the only thing hampering me is the virtual uselessness of the injera given my gluten intolerance. Everyone else, eat away!I came here for lunch with some friends and we were all quite pleased with both the food and service.  We split the tibs (very nicely flavored and tender), kitfo (fresh and tender; we got it rare), and veggie platter.  The standout veggie dishes were the eggplant and collard greens.   They were nicely sauteed and flavored with garlic.  They went well with the injera, which was soft and spongy.  I love the coffeehouse vibe and the fact that they have an awesome raspberry swirl latte.  This is the place for good Ethiopian food in the city - plus, you can get a latte or smoothie to go.  One of these days, I will drag myself up and here to get the breakfast.The pancake-like stuff tastes a little bit sour. Very interesting. Decoration is warm and cozy.Best spot for coffee, expresso.  It's a plus that it's Fair Trade and they're all about it- they love talking about Ethiopia and the Fair Trade movement.  Free WiFi, which is very fast. Great ethiopian food if you want.
"Best in Class":  West Philly neighborhood coffehouse.I have only gotten Ethiopian food from three different restaurants, including Kaffa Crossing, so I am not going to claim that I am an expert on Ethiopian cuisine. What separates Kaffa Crossing from other Ethiopian places I've gone to is the selection of beverages. I ordered the Ecstasy, which is a chocolate, banana, raisin, and soy smoothie. Needless to say, it made me ecstatic. Good thing I haven't had a withdrawal, but I definitely will go again to try other beverages.
As for the food, I tried the vegetarian platter, which was served with injera. I added a side of eggplant because I love eggplants, but honestly the platter was more than enough to fill up one hungry person's stomach. I love it!
I took one star off because service is on the slow side and the neighborhood is a little sketchy, but otherwise the food and beverage were good enough to make me want to come back.Kaffa Crossing is a very special place. A gem, even. They serve incredible Ethiopian coffee, nutty and satisfying. Which is a great start to a lunch here, though be warned - come hungry!!
My boyfriend and I always go for a double vegetarian platter. There is nothing in the world quite like the split lentils (misir wot). 
The cabbage and carrots (tikel gomen) are perfectly soft and a sweet contrast from the  spicy blend used on the lentils; berbere is the name of this divine Ethiopian staple.  The split yellow peas (kik aletcha wot) are comforting and simple. This platter is served with a light vinegar salad of romaine, tomato, cucumber and jalapeños!
The injera is always fresh, spongy and generously provided. This teff based "bread" will change your life. 
Wash your hands well prior to eating! There's something very invigorating about sharing a plate of food (with someone you like a lot, as it is an intimate experience) and using your hands. If you're feeling adventurous and love your tastebuds, this place will please you!
Service is excellent. Very friendly and attentive without interrupting. They seem to show up only when you need them. It does take a good while to receive your food, so don't try to squeeze this into your day if you're busy. The food itself will keep your belly happy for hours! I'm happier every time I make it back here. Simple food done well.By far The best Ethiopian place I've been to in Philly!
better than Dahlak, Ethio Cafe, and Abyssnia, 
- Had the fastest service I've experienced in a Philadelphian Ethiopian restaurant. Waitress was very sweet and quick with refilling water and bringing more injera. 
- We had kitfo, collard greens, and some other beef entree (I forget) for 2 people. Honestly I dont think we needed to order the collard greens because we were stuffed to capacity without finishing everything. Portions are huge and super cheap. Our total for 3 things was about $26.
- gave plenty of little sides, and the entrees were so mouth-watering/heaven
- free wifi, clean restaurant
will definitely be back again.
the only downside is they're not open on Sundays.Love this place. My mom is ethiopian so injera is something that I grew up with. This place has great food and atmosphere the only down fall is the waiting time which is usually pretty long at least for me, but for the rest it's great and most of it has wifi so you can work and/or study!!!! Love it!!!Best Ethiopian food I've had in Philly! Kaffa's got lots of awesome veg options (like their raw mock-tuna salad and the only existing "tofu wat" in the city, if not the whole U.S.), plus lots if stuff for egg-and-meat-eaters. They're also a full service coffee/tea/smoothie bar--all fair trade! And the food is cheap: $8.50 for a 5-dish veg combo with extra injera!A great place for a truly excellent cup of coffee in an informal and multicultural environment.  After all, Ethiopia is the home of Coffee; it was first discovered and developed as a beverage there.
The food is great too, but it's a bit hit and miss for more than light fare.  Also, service is Ethiopian style which is not "in your face".  Prepare to spend a while.  
More like a good authentic (coffee doesn't get more connected to the source than this) cup of coffee and a light meal on a sunny Sunday afternoon or something and you will love it!!!