Ordered from Kanella Grill because I was craving something healthy (greek salad) and hearty (chicken kebab) that could last me a couple of nights while my partner is out of town. Although you have the option of getting chicken ON the salad, I opted for the kebab platter so I could try the hummus, pita, and chips (fries) - and I also assumed the portion of chicken would be larger on the platter. 
First, the food - all was very good. The salad had clearly NOT been sitting around, but was freshly composed & lightly dressed, with a large piece of delicious feta on top. The kebab was good, but nothing to write home about. Chips were (as others have said) really well seasoned & delicious. 
Delivery (through Caviar) was quick! Another plus. 
The 3 stars is mostly for the portion sizes - I do not have a huge appetite, this order was essentially 2 meals (kebab & salad), and will barely stretch to feed me twice. Half a pita came with the platter, and only a couple of tablespoons of hummus, along with ~6 pieces of chicken. For the price, I would have expected more, and there are plenty of places in Philly to get large(r) portions of decent mediterranean food at a reasonable price.Kanella Grill and Kanella South used to be my two favorite restaurants in the city - so much so that we arranged to have our wedding reception at Kanella South through a brunch buyout of the entire restaurant, to be held in May 2018, after months of searching for the perfect space as we are not typical "wedding people."  We placed a deposit of $1,200 in October to reserve the date.  In January following the holidays we made reservations to eat dinner there and to get in the mood for the final lead up to the wedding.  I received a hasty voicemail only hours before our reservation stating that they couldn't honor our reservation because the restaurant is temporarily closed, and, as an aside, as they reopen we would be the first phone call they make regarding our buyout.  Naturally with the wedding only a few months away, we began to investigate alternatives and requested our deposit back.  That voicemail was the last I heard from them despite several emails and attempts to get my deposit back.  The space is up for rent - and still no communication or apology from Kanella.  It was only through filing a dispute with my credit card company that I finally received my deposit back.  They never even offered to transfer our buyout to their other location.  (That wouldn't have worked for our guest count, but they had an opportunity to try to keep their money.)  I have seen from Open Table that other guests have shown up for reservations that were made after the restaurant closed.  I firmly believe that had we not had the buyout arranged we would not have even received the aforementioned phone call.  Needless to say, we will never patronize Kanella again, and I would especially caution anyone considering doing a larger group event there (we've seen a number of rehearsal dinners and other special occasions).I came here with a large group for my birthday party.  They require you to have six or more people and to do the tasting menu in order to make a reservation.  Let me tell you... Completely worth the reasonable $30 per person amount.  It was great not having to worry about ordering and they just start bringing out food.  We had a great time, loved the food, and we all still talk about how it was a great dinner.  Thank you kanella!Too pricy with such small amount of food.. I had a to go order the kebab sandwich was too small not worth the money. I could get a huge pate for the same price.Authentic Mediterranean flavors, similar to Greek food with some Middle Eastern spices. Portions were very generous, we (four) had the watermelon and Greek salads, grilled octopus, three kinds of kebab, and spanakopita (best I've ever had in or out of Greece), and it was a little too much (we tried our best to finish, though!). The space is tiny. Staff was friendly if perhaps stretched a bit thin.This restaurant recently opened. We tried it out for lunch. We each ordered the gyro which was pretty good and of decent size. I think it is a great place to enjoy lunch with friends. The servers were attentive and friendly. However, I think they need to rethink their pricing. It was somewhat expensive. Other than that, I would go back again for lunch.I'm delighted to find such excellent fresh food with really fine quality olive oil. The service was as good as the food. 
My Lebanese traditional heart was delight to enjoy such outstanding Greek cuisine.Food was delicious and the staff attentive and accommodating to our boys, ages 3 and 2. It would be 5 stars if not for the fact that they were out of gyro meat and pork, 2 staples of a Greek grill. The food and service were good enough to give a second chance though. A 5th star is possible.Amazing staff, so friendly and professional. This was my first Greek restaurant, but I think I chose the right place for my first experience of Greek dishes. Would like to return soon.Simple menu!?! Nope - great tasting food and incredibly kind service! And the food - YUM!Such a great BYOB spot! The food is super fresh and authentic. The owner/manager is also very friendly and makes sure you have a great experience!My wife and I frequently​ go here, the food is always great, and service is outstanding every time. Highly recommend any of their specials!This is one of the best kept secrets in Washington Square West. Inexpensive, fresh food, expertly prepared, in a BYOB format. The space is spare but appealing. Service is excellent. Check it out.Cute little spot to grab a healthy meal. They are a byo and cash only some come ready. A limited menu is offered but I feel like it's nice that they are able to highlight their favorite dishes. They feature kebabs (pork, chicken, or a homemade sausage). You can either just get the kebabs with some pita or you can get the platter. The platter is only a couple bucks more and come with some more sides. It is well worth it. Everything tastes fresh and the service is friendly and helpful when it comes to describing the Greek-like dishes. Will probably go back!5 stars for the food, 4 stars for the service!!! 
This place was packed when we walked in but luckily we had a reservation so we were seated promptly upon arrival. Our table was excited to see octopus on the menu, but unfortunately they ran out for the night. We also were intrigued by the cucumber mint juice but they also ran out of that :/ 
The items we were able to try though, were amazing! I love Mediterranean food, and Kanella did not let me down. Our table got:
- Dip sampler: trio dip with pita. Honestly not sure what dips we had since they change frequently and were not listed on the menu but they were all delicious. One was a yogurt, one was a mashed potato-like dip, and the last one seemed like an eggplant/feta combination (the best!!)
- Domaldes: stuffed grape leaves (best I've ever had)
- Lamb Kofta platter: came with rice, hummus, pita, tomato/cucumber salad and tahini sauce (pro tip: get the rice, it was so so good)
- Falafel sandwich: good! Nothing too special
All in all, despite a slow service and not being to try a couple items that ran out, we were VERY happy with the food that we did get to try. This place also gets points for being a BYOB establishment. 
Def recommend!!Finally went to this spot which I've been eying for years!  Service was spectacular! We were a little disappointed they were out of their mixers for drinks but we still enjoyed our food!  I tried the falafel from my friend's plate and it was amazing! I had the spinach dish and it was delicious too and I finished it all!  The Greek salad is unlike any other Greek Salad I've ever had! My husband had the chicken platter which was good but a little drier than we would have expected.  Our friends had the mixed platter and they enjoyed it.  We'll be going back again!I really enjoy Mediterranean and Mid Eastern food and I was pleased when Kanella Grill opened back up near my daughter's apartment. The new, smaller menu looked really great and the place is always packed whenever we walk or drive by. People also love Kanella Grill on Yelp.
The space is very nice, simple and with Mediterranean old world charm. Our server was friendly and attentive and sold us on a couple of items. We ordered fairly basic dishes with a grilled goat cheese appetizer, an eggplant salad, the lamb kebab platter, chicken shawarma platter and pork sausage and chicken kebab platter.
The cheese was very good and also the eggplant salad. The eggplant had a nice garlic flavoring but I wish it also had that grilled taste I was looking for. The lamb kebab was probably the best entrée and the lamb was grilled nicely and it was also very tender. The chicken shawarma was not bad but not memorable, a bit bland. The hummus also good but not great. The pita bread was hot and fresh and excellent but a small portion. The vegetables and salad seemed a little heavy handed on the vinegar and acid content. We were all a little disappointed as we were expecting more, especially with all the great reviews. 
Kanella Grill, at least for us was only an average to good experience but not a great one. 3 Yelp stars. Kanella Grill is also cash only and on the pricey side.Yikes, what happened Kanella.  I really liked the food in the past and figured I'd give it a shot again by ordering a chicken kebab platter to go.  For $14, it simply was not worth it.  There was hardly any chicken, and it was overcooked.  The fries tasted well seasoned, but were soggy.  Seriously Kanella, what happened?
Update: by the way, I received a message indicating that Kanella had changed at this location and gone more casual - that's obvious.  But it's still the same owner and you would expect the quality level to at least be worthy of the Kanella name. I'm not expecting fancy food, but for $14 you should at least have more than three, dried pieces of chicken.This is the best restaurant in Philly. Simple dishes, packed with flavor and love. What made our experience even better was being waited on by Lori Anne. She is such a sweetheart, down to earth and very attentive. Great place!This place is a casual place to grab some high quality and tasty food. Everything about the place is simple, but good - from the decor to menu selection. Everything tasted fresh and was well seasoned. The staff was nice and helped us pick platters so that we could try out a lot of different foods at once.
We were stuffed on one appetizer and two entrees for two people and the price was great since we were able to bring our own wine. We'll definitely be back!Kanella Grill was amazing from start to finish- from the ambiance, to the staff, and of course, the food. The dining room was filled with Greek music, smiling faces and satisfied customers. We ordered the chicken kebab, sardine platter, apricot juice, cucumber mint and kanella drink, a side of halloumi and a side of hot sauce. Every single dish was incredible. The dishes were fresh, flavorful, authentic, and clearly cooked with love. While it is always great to have a delicious meal, even a delicious meal can be tainted by bad service. This is not the case here. Our server, LA, was so helpful. She was friendly and chatty, but not too chatty, and helped guide us through the whole experience. To end the meal, we got the baklava, which is hands down the best baklava I have ever had. Our lunch would not have been as memorable had it not been for all the help of our server, LA. So, thank you LA, Kanella Grill, chef Dom and chef-owner Konstantinos for making my Saturday afternoon one to remember!Kanella is located on the corner of 10th and Spruce, so it's hard finding parking there. We usually just park at the Hospital's parking lot on 8th and Delancey and walk over. The food there is delicious! The pita bread, hummus and oils given in the beginning are great starters. Their lamb and was perfectly cooked and did not taste gamey at all! The restaurant has such a nice rustic ambiance that would make a romantic dinner date for couples. The crowd was very diverse in age, so that tells you people of all ages loves the food!1. We think the food here is great.  2.  We had a really terrible experience with the staff.  I had a group of 8 that we were trying to find a place for on a Saturday night.  I called around a few places and no one had seating.  When I called Kanella Grill, the person said they could seat us.  I left my name and number.  When we arrived, we were seated at a table.  Then we were told in no uncertain terms that we had to leave. The staff had mistakenly given our table to a different group of 8, and the table we were seated at had a different reservation. The staff was obviously disorganized and the manager never came out to apologize or attempt to explain.  Very unprofessional!!!Kanella Grill is a small cozy place on the corner of 10th and spruce. We stopped by with a large group on Tuesday evening and were able to get a table without an issue. They have different kebob and platters to choose from. I had the classic gyro. I wanted it without sauce, but it's their house policy that no changes can be made to the order, which was slightly frustrating because I just wiped the sauce off with a napkin when I got it. Food was average. My friend had the haloumi which they thought was a little salty. On the plus side, it's a BYOB!This is a great place. The food is standard Greek - Mediterranean but the quality and taste is way better than most other local places at this price point. It is remarkably inexpensive, and the small cozy crowded interior makes it feel like having a meal in a small restaurant in Greece. It's BYOB which is another added benefit. Where else can you have a meal for two people for 40 bucks including tax and tip? For us it is a perfect everyday or weeknight out, but nice enough for a weekend evening also.A group of us ordered take out from work.  The food was delicious, but over priced.  For a 'big' greek salad with chicken kabob ($14) , there was two pieces of chicken, no side pita and very little to be called 'big.'  Also, for a take out salad the dressing was already applied and some pieces of lettuce became soggy.  As a hospital employee that orders out a lot with co-workers the prices aren't competitive with other options in the area. The greek food we usually get from the greek festival on 8th street is larger portions and less expensive with the same great taste. I understand as a BYOB you feel you can upcharge due to allowing customers to bring their own alcohol.  But has hospital employees that are just picking up I feel it should be discounted.Good Greek spot with reasonable prices and portions but it was missing that wow factor I was hoping for.
The grilled octopus appetizer was delicious, fresh and tender with a slight grilled citrus taste. Yumm!
The meats were okay - we tried the mixed kebab, lamb, and fish of the day (swordfish) and nothing really stood out. The pork was more on the dry side and the lamb and fish were too bland for my liking. The sides however were delicious. If you get a platter it comes with a fresh salad, hummus, pita and the option of rice or fries. Overall a decent spot for kebabs but if you're looking for some really tasty, flavorful kebabs, check out Isot Mediterranean Cuisine.
Reservations were also confusing because we called and they said they don't take reservations, only walk ins but when we arrived they said they do. We ended up having to wait for over 30 mins for our table.Our second time here. Don't confuse this with the higher end and more diverse menu of Kanella South (the older of the two). This is much more casual, with a smaller but still delicious menu. It's BYOB, unlike it's parent. The food is excellent with reasonably sized servings on the platter. Daily specials (today was grilled sardines as an app, with Baramundi kabob platter as dinner) and friendly service. Overall, a very nice place to catch a quick dinner with the spouseHorrible place!! Rip off. Joined friends for dinner-- waiters didn't acknowledge us at all then hit us with the prix fixe price when we leave. Repeat, they did not acknowledge us, offer us any additional food (like an entree) , fill our water, skimp on dessert.
Our friend put down 150$ as a "deposit" (wtf) and then was told he'd get it back on his card in a couple days. Unreal! 
Avoid!!Lovely simple Mediterranean option for a light lunch.
I opted for the $12 falafel sandwich platter, which was really flavorful and just the right size. I asked for extra tahini sauce coz that's how I roll. Loved the tomato/feta salad.  My sis asked for a gyro and don't even even even ask to not get fries, it comes on top of a gyro as per the chef's preference. Don't like fries? You won't get a refund and I recommend just picking them off instead of complaining to the server.
I asked for an iced tea, which came with thyme.  I liked it but it was a bit strong for my sister, who said it was like falling down and getting a mouthful of herbs. Yah OK, sis.
Conveniently located near the PATCO station on 9th & 10th and Locust.Menu is uncomplicated and the food is simply prepared, good food without being fussy. We got the daily selection of dips, which was delicious and almost a meal in itself. Very reasonably priced, especially for the location in center city, Philadelphia. Our meal there was a much better value than the one we had for twice the price the night before at a well-known, high-end restaurant. Busy place and popular with large groups, so you may want a reservation. Service was a bit funky, but not enough to be a serious issue -- plus the proprietor was attentive to us and other guests. And, yes, it is bring your own wine and beer.Best Greek restaurant in Philadelphia!  
Food is delicious and the prices are very reasonable for the quality of food.  Brunch options are really good too and the waitstaff has only ever been great any time I was there.I've been consistently impressed with the quality of food at the old Kanella and the current one in Old City. Unfortunately my latest visit to Kanella Grill made me question whether this current iteration of Kanella is related to the other two.
I was assured by the waitress that the lamb kebab is cooked medium, but it came out way overdone with dried and burnt marks on 1/2 of the kebab. I brought this up to waitress who agreed with me but nothing was done.
The spanakopita came out soggy and flat, without any of the crispiness from the fillo dough that you would except.
Maybe they had an off day, but I will likely stick to Kanella in old city for now.I always order too much food at Kanella, but I never have any leftovers because I eat everything on the plate. The kebabs are wonderfully seasoned, the hummus and falafel are fresh and delicious, and the vegetable dishes are unique and flavorful in unexpected ways.They accept credit card now. Wonderful restaurant. Distinctive blue and white checkered tablecloths and stone floors. Overall, it's really cozy and feels like you're dining in a small cafe. Solid service, and the food flies out of the kitchen. Menu items can either be served in a pita or on a platter. We tried their barramundi special and mixed kebab platters. Protein came on a skewer; served with pita, hummus, pickled vegetables, cucumber tomato salad, and choice of rice or potato wedges. Try the soumada (almond milk drink) for dessert, it's super sweet and delicious. Will be back whenever craving a fresh meal with lots of variety.This place is never a disappointment. Highly recommend the fish specials ! Dining in is always great, but take out is also amazing. Also, there tasting menu for $35 a person is tons of food and a great way to sample the menu!The grill platter is a great way to taste everything. 
The grilled octopus and beans was a great starter
They have some great tea tooGood tasting. Mediterranean food with a variety of brunch options to choose from. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable while prices are reasonable.This place so amazing! The food was outstanding and the service was top notch! Went in for lunch and Laura Ann was very knowledgeable and attentive.  I would give it 100 stars if I could!Amazing service and atmosphere. Small menu but great options for everyone. Love the outdoor seating. Inexpensive and high quality food. Just a fun place to eat!Love the atmosphere here - with the blue/white checkered tablecloth and Greek music playing in the background, it really transports you to Greece. 
We ordered the grilled halloumi as a side to start off (yes, you can order it as an appetizer even though it's not on the menu! you're welcome). Just two thick slices of halloumi with perfect grill marks served with a wedge of lemon - super decadent, creamy, and a perfect start to the meal. 
I really wanted to try the sardine platter mentioned by many Yelpers, but their fish supplier guy doesn't come until later in the afternoon, so I ordered the pork kebab platter instead. The platter was so beautifully presented, with sides that complemented it perfectly - the slight acidity of the tomato salad, the creamy hummus, fluffy rice, and the crunch of the pickled vegetables. 
For dessert, we had the other thing on the menu that wasn't the baklava (the name of that dessert was kinda long) - it was basically a milk custard with a filo pastry topping served warm, and it was pretty delicious. 
All in all, a great meal in a cheerfully-set up place. I'd say prices are a tad on the steep side, with the platters setting you back $14-16, but the atmosphere and good service makes up for it if you're looking for a nice but casual sit-down place.Excellent food. Excellent service. We were able to eat outside on a beautiful night.  We got 5 appetizers, incl the trio of hummuses, which were excellent.  Entrees were all skewer dishes with rice and vegetable.  All was good, and the rice was well seasoned.I came her for lunch with a local friend, at her recommendation. Kanella Grill is a cozy neighborhood restaurant that feels like a little piece of Greece. 
We were quickly brought water and told, in quick but great detail, about the day's specials. While the watermelon salad sounded interesting, the waiter won us both over with the description of the rabbit salad, which we each ordered. I added a kafta sandwich to this and finished with baclava. 
First, the salad. I haven't had rabbit in a while and generally find it to be overly gamey unless prepared just right. Well, Kanella did it just right and accentuated it with a pleasantly sharp dressing and fresh veggies. The salad was quite a nice size as well, so I was preparing myself to make room for the lamb kofta sandwich that would soon arrive. 
The flaky pita was piled with lamb, tomatoes, and peppers. It was huge! At one point, I just cut it in half to make it easier to eat. I also had the limonada, which was a nice, spicier lemonade that had hints of ginger (and maybe turmeric but maybe I made that up).
The one ding was the baklava, which was strangely hard. I mean...like, really, truly hard--almost as if it had been frozen. I was pressing into it with my fork and am not exaggerating when I say that it took a lot of force to cut through it. That said, it was good baklava and wasn't overly pistachioey. 
The service was very friendly and efficient. I'm glad my friend introduced me to this place!I was surprised and happy to see that the old Kanella space is still in the family. 
Partner and I hit this place up around opening time on a Saturday. It was a little unclear to us whether the place was actually open - there were no lights on and we didn't spot anyone working inside, so we lingered outside for a while before approaching and entering the restaurant. 
Mint tea, soumada, special almond appetizer thing, gyro, sardine platter. All delicious, all reasonably priced. 
I would love to come back again sometime soon to try more of the delicious things they have there!Went to Kanella's as it is right around the corner from where my folks live. 
Lamb Shawarma was heavenly.
Falaffel platter was everything a boy could dream about. I usually take leftovers home, but was unable to put down my fork once it started. Went home and was forced to take a 3hour nap because I was overcome with joy.
Our waiter Eric was a delight and super professional. 
My 65 year old parents who find something to complain about in every situation, adored everything about the place.
Will definitely be returning soon.Please note that this review reflects only on the food and cost, not the ambiance or the service.
In my opinion, I think that the caliber of a culinary establishment depends on a multiple of criteria, from each dish's design, taste, as well as the overall ambiance of the restaurant, and the justifiable cost for this experience. When it comes to Kanella Grill, I think the taste is definitely decent, but the cost does not reflect the quality nor the quantity of the food. I came here during lunch for takeout and was intrigued by the daily special, the Asian Sea Bass platter. I realized that it was a bit pricier than its land-animal counterparts, about $20, but I figured that since they don't have the picturesque sardines at this place, maybe I could try the sea bass instead. Since I was also hungry, I decided to add an extra skewer of the lamb kebob. With a total (lunch) price of $33, I was hoping to enjoy a meal fit for a king, however that was definitely not the case. The sea bass, don't get me wrong, was very tender and juicy and placed artfully against a grilled lemon slice (even in takeout mode), but there were only two pieces, smaller than the area of a credit card. The lamb, which was an additional $11, came in 4-5 bite size pieces... The other components of the platter included a small portion of hummus, raw carrots and celery (non-flavored) and some tahini sauce and a thick, lukewarm pita.
I was very disappointed by my experience here and I had hoped to try some of the other dishes to give this place a shot, but with how much everything costs, I don't think I'll stop by anytime soon.
Food: 3-4 stars
Price: 1 starI love this place! I frequent for lunch often as my store is around the corner. Food is always amazing and the staff super pleasant. 
They even hand delivered my ice tea after I forgot it with my order.Have been there twice. Great both times. The baba ghanouj special appetizer was the stuff dreams are made of. One of us can't eat onions and on both occasions the waitstaff helped identify good options and the chef created a special onion-free salad for the platters. Generous portions of halloumi and shawarma for platters with delicious veges and good rice. An additional sardine would have been welcome on the grilled sardine platter. The galaktoboureko makes you wonder why you would ever want anything else for dessert. BYOB. Cash only. No rez.Thrilled that chef decided to reopen his old spot with this street food menu. Just fantastic - service and food. You can't go wrong at either of his places. Best Cypriot chef/ restaurants in the region!!Cute little restaurant with spacious seating. This restaurant was brought to my attention due to a specific craving for halloumi and the halloumi pita definitely delivered! The lemonade was spiced with thyme, which was different, but good. Wait staff was courteous and efficient. Would definitely come back to try a few other appetizers and their dessert menu.This place is simply insane. BYO and they do a prefix dinner for $30 a person that is a feast of epic proportions. For 3 people we didn't have enough room on the table for all of the food. Delicious food with amazing service. Can't wait to check out their "South" location. A goldmine that you MUST try.So delicious, fresh and satisfying! We enjoyed a platter with bass fish. The fish was so tender and the platter came with a rice pilaf, Greek salad, hummus and pita. Also tried a special type of grilled Greek cheese which melted in my mouth. Service was very enthusiastic and welcome.I have had a few delicious and very reasonably priced dinners at Kanella Grill. But when I ordered takeout for six people, giving them sufficient advance notice, the food was terribly disappointing: small platters, tough meat, unappealing presentation.  If the staff is just too busy to produce the same quality of food for takeout as they do for dining there, why didn't they just warn me?Food was good but the service was so much better. I appreciate the attentiveness and BYO at this location. The pita was so flavorful and the white fluffy dessert is a MUST "Greek flan."TLDR; If you like greek food, are craving something relatively light, and want to bring your own booze, Kanella is for you. I probably wouldn't go back on my own, but wouldn't mind tagging along with someone. 
I can't testify as to how authentic the food is at kanella, but  everyone at the table was happy with their dishes -- a lamb kebab + and falafel combo platter. The kebab only had 3-4 pieces of meat, which seems kinda skimpy, but once you finish the whole plate, which includes pickled veggies, a fresh salad, hummus, fries and some pita, you are pretty full. 
I didn't take advantage of the BYO, but I saw many people that did. Simple and airy decor, and loved the blue gingham tableclothes.
I recommend the galatapoureko if you're a fan of eggy desserts or baklava!
Service was nice and friendly! No complaints.Nightmare.  Cancelled our reservation a few days before a Friday, claimed they were calling to confirm but had no missed calls/voicemails from them and in fact were clearly calling a wrong number despite having the correct number on file.  Will not return to either locationthere are a ton of great mediterranean and greek restaurants in philly but this one has to be my top 3. Everything is extremely fresh. i highly recommend the dips and octopus. great portions. we ended up not having to order a main meal.
great for a special event or occasion.Old Kanella is back! I was so excited to check Kanella 3.0 out and it did not disappoint. The menu is more casual (and limited) than New Kanella (2.0), but the place is still byob(!!), and cash only (like 1.0). 
The lamb shawarma was unlike any shawarma I've ever had- super tender flavorful meat...the platter was great and almost too much food (but I reached that point where it's embarrassing to pack it up, so I manned up and ate the whole thing). Everything was so fresh and flavorful and I loved the variety: Rice, tomato salad, hummus, pita, pickled veggies, meat, and tahini dressing!
We sat outside for some great people watching (including the chef on a moped asking us how everything was). Service was attentive even outside. My friend loved the complimentary olives and our "chips" (fries) and tzanziki came out quickly. (Wish there was a bit more dip in there though). We got out of there for about $20 each with tax and tip so not bad!
I feel like I've been eating a lot of kebabs lately (Sansom Kebab, Apricot Stone) and this was definitely the best. Welcome back Kanella! Now if you could just bring that brunch back...We ordered the off the menu family style option. You basically get everything. It was delicious! This place is definitely underrated. Service was more than excellent and very accommodating!Not impressed at all. I was expecting more authentic Greek food and it definitely wasn't. I ordered the spanakopita and still baffled as to why I had a giant scoop of sour cream on the plate with it. We wanted to order the dips but none of them were Mediterranean in thought or flavor. Tastes were ok but definitely not impressive.Went there Sunday for their Rotissere special. OH MY GOD. Pork shoulder and lamb belly slow roasted over coals. One of the best things I ate this year. I hope this is a regular special.My partner and I recently had dinner here. We were SO excited for its return to 10th and Spruce. We live in the neighborhood, so having this corner empty was upsetting. Now that it's back we couldn't wait to try! For starters, we had the hummus and pita - basic, but delicious. For our entrees we both had the chicken kabob platter. I got a side of chips, while my partner had the rice. Both were good sized portions and came with hummus and pita. The service was quick and attentive and the vibe on a Friday night was upbeat and casual. We will certainly be back!We really loved this place.  The food was always delicious and fresh, however, recently they decided to pad their profits and switched their chicken dishes from organic white meat chicken to dark meat chicken.  Bad move!  It changed the entire quality of the meal. When I asked why they changed (knowing full well why), I was told that the owner wanted to 'mix things up'.  Why would anyone mess with a successful formula that was working so well.  The place is always packed.  Well, my wife and I will be the first customers to not return to Kanella's until they return to serving quality food again. I wish them luck because I am sure we will not be the last to desert this place.  Bad move.I'm so happy they opened. Everything is exquisite. 
I don't like that they don't take credit cards. And that they charge for the hot sauce.This place is legit.  I needed a new spot that was casual, byob, healthy, and under $100 (on a debt diet) and this place totally fit the bill!  The food was excellent and the service was also great.  You know when you ask your server for salt and they always forget to bring it?  Our server actually remembered.  Skillz.  We had 1 appetizer, like 5 extra orders of pita because I love me some carbs, a salad, and 2 entrees for $50 I think.  My only issue was that the food runner just put down the plates and didn't ask if we needed anything else..since our server brought his A game we were covered.  I recommend this place!Simple tasty food, prepared fresh. Yum yum yum.  The kanella platter is just so juicy, we tried both the pork and chicken and I wanted to lick my skewer. Try the dip platter of the day.  I will be back to try those beautiful deserts.  The service is very good!Great lamb shawarma hummus and everything else. Sardines very smokey meatballs delish. Everything is homemade.This place is amazing for Middle Eastern/Greek food! Really good shwarma sandwich with well-spiced lamb meat.Really good restaurant. 
Sometimes you don't remember the food you had but you remember the feeling you had when you think about the restaurant. This is one of those places (in a good way). We came during a summer evening and I remember feeling content and full and we had a nice stroll in the neighborhood. Even though I don't remember the food I would recommend it.After the closing of Hummus Grill Center City, I was looking for new restaurants to get my shawarma and falafel fix. Before Kanella Grill, I enjoyed Effie's and Greek Lady (over in West Philly), as well as Hummus West Philly. Although we didn't bring anything this time, we were happy to see that Kanella was a cozy BYO with a lively atmosphere. We elected to sit outside given the beautiful fall weather.
We got the lamb shawarma platter and the falafel platter; both were delicious with a variety of sides (hummus, cauliflower, pita bread, rice or potato wedges, tomatoes). I got a nice helping of shawarma, which was tender and juicy. 
We also received excellent service, our waiter was friendly and relaxed.
Consider Kanella for Greek/Mediterranean cuisine in a relaxed atmosphere when you are in the mood! Cash only.Came here for lunch with a group of friends from work. I was nervous about what I would eat because I have not tried a lot of Greek food.  We started with hummus and pita and chips (fries) for appetizers. For entrees we had the gyro, the chicken kabob pita and a Halloumi pita. All were very good and large portions that no one left hungry. The service was excellent as well. Definitely a great place for lunch!We came to this restaurant for a group event.
First good sign: 3 celebrity chefs also here for lunch 
Second good sign: high yelp ratings 
Decor simple and filled with light, menu laid out with no pages but lots of options. One of our party was celiac and the owner was very aware of the gluten in every dish. Food ingredients were fresh and the dishes were bursting with flavor. 
For the price and value, definitely a 5 star.So delicious meat, a Greek salad, all platter was just yummy. Try their cucumber juice with lime! Thank you! Now we are waiting for sardines.Good good, filling and delicious. The place is laid back and great for group dinners. If you have a weakness for baklava, this is a must try!!!A Greek corner restaurant with an open, laid back vibe with blue and white interior. The atmosphere is great for a casual dine in. We ordered the Halloumi pita platter (comes with Greek salad, fries and Greek yogurt), spanakopita platter (comes with hummus and Greek salad) and mint iced tea. Everything was delicious except the hummus. I recommend putting the Greek yogurt on the halloumi for a flavorful taste. Since there was no ketchup available, we got hot sauce for the fries. The mint iced tea was refreshing since it was so humid out. The service was great and we enjoyed our time there.This BYOB place was a quick select when I was searching for a place with a price point that wasnt pocket burning! I had to decide on Mediterranean breaking away from regular Pub and steak tradition we friends are accustomed to 
Kanella grill was homely and the service was top notch. I was impressed by how they handled the orders and the food was in great portions!
We did go for the platters and the extra sweet baklava was a great finish!
Go with a bottle of Alamo Cabernet and I gaurantee you a world of flavors :)
Thanks Guys! Ill be back soonI expect to wait a while to get seated in a busy restaurant but we were promptly greeted by George the head server that made every effort to get us a table. Once seated we decided to go with the $35 mezze which was absolutely outstanding. At the end of our meal we were treated to a complimentary baklava for our wait before we were seated. The best service i had ever recieved!!!Wow! Kanella moved to an expanded restaurant on Front St and then reopened this "Grill" up with a smaller menu, consisting of kebab platters, small plates, and gyros. This place is best for brunch, lunch, or a small dinner. I had the falafel sandwich and the flavors were bright and delicious. The pita was filled with crisp falafel and this wonderful tomato salad. The only complaint was the wrapping of the pita with a thin wax paper. As soon as I picked the sandwich up it fell apart in my hands. Maybe switch to thicker paper? foil?
Regardless I will be back to try the platters and more small plates!The best Mediterranean food I've had in Philly so far! I loved the chicken kebab plate and the potato salad was amazing! I usually don't like potato salad but you have to try theirs, so good!! It was nicely decorated with friendly staff and very reasonably priced. I look forward to going back.Ugh, I really wanted to love this place for dinner as I'm a fan of Mediterranean food. Sadly, although the food was good and reasonably priced, the loud din and slow service on a Wednesday evening ruined the experience. To add insult to injury, they added a 20% service charge as we were a group of six. Leaves me questioning if service would have been better if the waitstaff hadn't been guaranteed a gratuity.