Kanella Grill and Kanella South used to be my two favorite restaurants in the city - so much so that we arranged to have our wedding reception at Kanella South through a brunch buyout of the entire restaurant, to be held in May 2018, after months of searching for the perfect space as we are not typical "wedding people."  We placed a deposit of $1,200 in October to reserve the date.  In January following the holidays we made reservations to eat dinner there and to get in the mood for the final lead up to the wedding.  I received a hasty voicemail only hours before our reservation stating that they couldn't honor our reservation because the restaurant is temporarily closed, and, as an aside, as they reopen we would be the first phone call they make regarding our buyout.  Naturally with the wedding only a few months away, we began to investigate alternatives and requested our deposit back.  That voicemail was the last I heard from them despite several emails and attempts to get my deposit back.  The space is up for rent - and still no communication or apology from Kanella.  It was only through filing a dispute with my credit card company that I finally received my deposit back.  They never even offered to transfer our buyout to their other location.  (That wouldn't have worked for our guest count, but they had an opportunity to try to keep their money.)  I have seen from Open Table that other guests have shown up for reservations that were made after the restaurant closed.  I firmly believe that had we not had the buyout arranged we would not have even received the aforementioned phone call.  Needless to say, we will never patronize Kanella Grill again, and I would especially caution anyone considering doing a larger group event there (we've seen a number of rehearsal dinners and other special occasions).The hummus dips are fantastic. The yogurt kebab's and rice had too many onions for my liking. The drinks were great. I would def come back for the dips. They are healthy and tasty.With all the great food choices in Philly, my husband and I were totally let down by Kanella South.  
Dip trio - they let us swap out the sardine dip with hummus because we are vegetarians.  The hummus was a let down, the consistency wasn't smooth and something was just missing.  The feta dip was good, and we weren't really fans of the fava bean dip.  Some of the warmed up pita bread that came with this app was burnt.  
Halloumi Cheese appetizer was ok but a pretty small portion.  
The bureki filled with feta was actually our favorite app of the night.  The honey and beets were a nice touch.
We shared the mushroom pie made of phyllo dough (can't remember the name) and the dish was a bit bland.  The mushrooms were seasoned well but everything else wasn't.  
The beers were tried were awful.
I think Philly has a ton of amazing food options available, I would definitely skip this one.Happy hour from 5-7 with great seasonal drink special and discounted draft beer/wines. Bar tender was super friendly and great to have casual conversation with. Had a reservation after sitting at the bar for happy hour - waiter was very entertaining and informative. Friendly staff in all aspects. And the food was fantastic! Everything we had hoped for!
Definitely would return and can't wait for the re-opening of 10th/Spruce location!Kanella has been one of my favorite restaurants for a while. I naturally went into their new locations with high expectations. Almost always I'm let down but I must admit the new Kanella out performed the previous location on all dimensions. 
The ambiance, space, service and most of all food blew me away. I'm am truly happy that they not only preserved this gem but improved upon it. 
Well done Kanella. I will be back often.This is one of my favorite restaurants, and I was so disappointed to show up for our reservation and find it closed. We were going there to celebrate my husband's 50th birthday. Next time I'll call them instead of trusting OpenTable!Had breakfast there. Started within iced mint tea that was PERFECT and had the eggs poached in tomato sauce with peppers. First time I've had this dish and fell in love with it!Food was good but was unfortunate enough to have to witness a despicable display of anger from the owner/chef. At the front server's station he confronted a female server, yelled at her, slapped the counter hard and loud enough that drinks shook and conversation stopped. He then shoved the server and grabbed her by the arm and tried to drag her outside. Extremely disturbing and disgusting. There are plenty of great restaurants in Philly where you can get great food without the misogyny and violence against women.I came here with my friends and by far this is one of my favorite places for drinks and dinner! I did not know the old kanella but I can not imagine it being better than now! Everything is outstanding here. Staff is Very friendly and great ambiance! We were greeted by the GM at the door and didn't have a reservation so we were offered to sit by the bar and wait for a table. After a few mins we decided to get our food at the bar because of how welcome and cozy we felt there. The bartender Andre was really great and took care of us, making sure everything was perfect, food and drinks.The drink menu is unique and one of a kind. The Persephone, daphne and Cypriot are a must! They also have a great variety of wines.You can not just have 1 drink. Plus they go perfectly with the variations of the plates. The mantis, octopus, keftedes, bureki, the dips were perfect portions and delicious! Finger licking! We got a bunch of small plates and shared and it was perfect! 
Desserts: The trio, baklava and the chocolate cake are as delicious too. We can not wait to go back again! This is a Gem that everyone MUST discover! Keep it up Kanella and staff! Great job.Amazing chef!  Delicious delicious delicious.  We had a sumptuous rabbit leg with a delightful blend of spices on top of yellow split peas and kale. The poissin, an incredibly succulent small chicken, was perfectly cooked with tasty side dishes (how does yogurt get to taste so good?!)  The gala cake for dessert is out of this world.  The new restaurant is gorgeous. The grill and wood oven are impressive. (And I loved the tile and wallpaper in the bathrooms!)   Best wishes for much success!I'm very happy that this place opened so close to my house!  So far, I've gone both during the week and on the weekend and never had a problem getting a table or from getting great service.  Through two visits and between the people I've gone with, I've had a chance to try a good portion of the menu and I have, honestly, not had one bad thing.  I've always wondered why some restaurants couldn't survive in this location but I firmly believe Kanella will not have this problem.I loved the old location...had two or three great times there. 
This place is all show. I would only return if someone else was paying (and writing it off) and I was not hungry so that I could just not eat any crappy stuff.
Disappointed. Equal disappointment to the closing of Koozeedoo.Aside from a few minor missteps (cold, stale bread basket...bitter-tasting saganaki appetizer), Kanella has officially left the farm and is now playing (and succeeding) in the major leagues.  Leaving its cozy, intimate spot on 10th & Spruce, it is now a sexy, handsome restaurant in Queen Village.  Service remains exemplary (if not even better) and the classic dishes remain very well executed--grilled octopus, lamb dumplings, and the branzino.  I have no doubt that Kanella will continue to exceed expectations in their new home.  And I look forward to ordering their galaktoboureko at each return because it is like a legal drug.Food was excellent.  Wine a little overpriced, especially for brunch.This place is awesome. It has a very nice layout and right when you walk in you can smell the wood from the grill. There is not one bad thing i can say about what we ordered. I got the lamb chops and my wife got the stuffed eggplant. The chops were cooked perfectly and so good. They have a great wine selection also. We will be going back to kanella, for sureThe humus and the octopus appetizers were very good++. Unfortunately the three grilled medium size sardines were not up to the same level. They were soggy, mushy. Otherwise our lamb neck and duck breast entrées were excellent. We shared a great dessert, the pistachio cake with a side of very good gelato. We tried to Greek cocktails both excellent with unpronounceable names. The Prosecco cocktail was top shelf as well.
Service was very good, agreeable in every way. We will return to try the many interesting items on their menu.I was very excited to visit Kanella since I live in the neighborhood. There was a lot of high talks about Kanella and I left being impressed. The restaurant is beautiful. Beautiful bar and dining room. The service was superb. Our waiter George was very knowledgable about the food/specials and wines/cocktails. Even the chef owner came out to greet us and welcomed us. I started off with the manti dumplings and then I had the whole fish and it was perfectly cooked. George even deboned the fish for me and it had no bones! It went really well with the lemon oil that they provided. Cannot wait to come back and experience more of what Kanella has to offer!One of my top 5 Philly restaurants.  The falafel is bangin'.  Ballast Point Lager...nice. Decor inside and staff are spot on. Pretty kid friendly too!Been huge fans since he opened on Spruce St.   Third time at South. Truly fantastic meal as always. Our server was a true gentleman and went out of his way to accommodate us. 
Two issues that make me give it one star:
- runner/busser/expeditor walks by grabs my near empty cocktail away from table and asks if I'd like another. I explained I wasn't finished with the one in her hand. So wrong...yet happens at some of the finest places..
- the hummus/mushrooms came with 3 wedges of grilled pita. Seriously? The hummus/shrooms were plentyful, but not the pita!! Then before we even had a chance to ask for more pita, a runner walks by and asks if we'd like more - and we said yes. But they charged us $2 we noticed on the check. Didn't say a word, but we thought that was unnecessary and lame!!
- the grilled pita wasn't as good as the last many times. It was stiff, cold and unseasoned.Since the new Kanella is in my hood, I waited eagerly and anxiously (it took over a year to finish) for it to open. I got invited to a lovely soft opening, with reasonable apps and drinks. But now, have to say that I'm a bit disappointed with a few things. Service is too fast--plates and silverware were whisked away before we had finished first course. Not enough pita to go with the dips, and when we asked for more, we were told we would be charged... $3 for another small offering of cold pita--yow! The food is excellent but too fussy with too many ingredients. Because prices are so high (glasses of wine from $10-$16, a vegan entree $21) I will not be returning very soon.Amazing food always! We've come here several times and the food is high-quality, the staff is friendly, and it's an elegant and cool atmosphere. They really do a great job!Food, service, ambiance has been consistently fantastic. Highly recommend for foodies, date night or a group get-together !We went to the new location after reading lots of positive reviews.  It was relatively quiet when we arrived but got progressively noisier as more folks arrived.  The portions were ample, in fact too large.  I'd recommend not ordering an appetizer unless that is going to be your whole meal.  I ordered the dips which were very good and my husband ordered the grilled sardines which were delicious.  We should have stopped there but I ordered the sirloin kabob. The mean was not well trimmed and were huge chunks.  My husband ordered the spanakopita which he liked.  I was surprised that there was no salt or pepper on the table and when I asked for an iced tea, there were no sweeteners available.  All in all I think the food was OK but it is out of the way for us and I don't think we will go there again.  We recently visited the Kanella Grill at the old location and that was good.Just...what!!! This place has crazy amazing good food. I mean, Kanella offered some of the best food back when it was in CC East, but holy cow I didn't think it would get even better once it moved closer to the river! Also, the new spot is GORGEOUS. So so sooo impressed.Enjoyed everything about eating here last night. Large portion and delicious dips. They even gave me extra pita to finish the dip. I ordered a small salad with feta, tomato, cucumber, and romaine. It was seasoned well and was rich in flavor.  The main dish I ate was Branzino. The fish was a medium size, but with the salad before it I had plenty of food. The fish was grilled and came with a small side of spinach and olive oil leak. Thanks to the staff for a great meal. I will go there again.Sweet baby Jesus, this is good food. Service is fantastic and the place is so nice. Great experience.Service: check!
Food: Excellent! We scrubbed our plates dry in a matter of minutes! And this was with my Roman partner. We ordered the lamb merquez and the Zorba burger! The lamb merquez breakfast was eggscellent with perfectly poached eggs, pita to scrub the sauce up with, and sausages that were tender and juicy. Zorba burger was huge, a bit on the dry side, but tasty overall. Potato crips were nice and big and the cabbage slaw was crunchy and well-seasoned. The zatsiki sauce was a hit! 
Ambience: okay! Grab a seat outside. Indoor is good as well.
Bathrooms clean? Check!
Prices: Reasonable
Portion size: Just right...not too overwhelming not too underwhelming.
Would love to go for dinner. Apparently this is more a dinner place though the brunch and lunch are just as good. Service was excellent! Worth travelling across Philly for this.  Partner and I were very satisfied.I will say that I still wish the old Kanella was open. But, this new incarnation has so much potential. Once that wood burning grill/ rotisserie is utilized to its fullest capacity I think the food will be unreal. The food is still fantastic but doesn't seem to fit the atmosphere anymore. Bartenders are friendly and knowledgable and it's reasonably priced overall. Definite 5 star potential.I'm not going provide a lot of details, but this place is wonderful! The service was excellent! The food was amazing, fresh and delicious! I can't wait to go back!I can't say enough good things about Kanella South.  The staff was all amazing. Friendly, knowledgeable, and passionate about the food. We sat at the chefs counter (definitely request to sit here) and it was such a delight watching them prep the meals and learning more about the menu from them. We especially loved Chuck who was the chef at the chef's counter. He made our night!  And EVERYTHING was delicious but we especially loved the lamb and bulgur stew and the poached honey pear. Absolutely heavenly.  Don't miss out on this wonderful gem!Absolutely delicious. I've spent years and years traveling and living in the mediterranean and this is far and away the best mediterranean food i've had in Philly - in fact, in America. The food, the drinks, and the service was wonderful. The owner and chef came over to chat with us, making the whole experience even better and more intimate. Really highly recommend.Great drinks, food, and atmosphere. The four of us shared apps - hummus, daily dips, octopus, lamb dumplings, and lamb flatbread. All ridiculously good. Entrees were the branzino, rabbit leg, and butternut squash salad. Yum. Will definitely be back.We arrived early so took a seat at the bar to wait for the others in our party. The drinks were delicious and the bartender was wonderful. Thanks, Johnny!  The brunch/lunch menu was a bit limited, but all of the food was terrific. The service was fantastic. Will definitely go back and want to try the dinner menu too!Surprisingly, tonight was my first night visiting any of the Kanella locations in Philly. I came with Boyfriend after a lazy Sunday of lounging around, and even though we did not have a reservation, we were able to snag a prime table on their front patio. Which worked out exceedingly well because not only did we have a prime spot for people and dog watching, we were also able to take advantage of their happy hour (on a Sunday!!). 
We order the trio of dips and the happy hour hummus to start. Each dip was absolutely delicious and paired perfectly with the charred, warm pita. Our waitress offered to bring more pita, but we were already starting to feel full, so we opted to wait for our entrees. Boyfriend got the rock bass, and I got one of this evening's specials, the wood oven roasted guinea fowl. The rock bass definitely beat out the fowl in my opinion, but both dishes exceeded our expectations. They served the fowl with a bright salad and big wedge of lemon which really lightened up the dish. The bass was served with crispy skin on, over a beautiful bed of tri-color cauliflower with capers and pine nuts. I will definitely be ordering it again. For dessert, we got the loukoumades and the baklava. Both were served with a delicious orange, honey syrup. Although both desserts were very sweet, the ouzo we ordered definitely cut that sweetness, making for a perfect end to a perfect meal.Had a lovely dinner in Kanella's open kitchen dining room with friends last night & truly enjoyed the experience. Really a 4 1/2 star experience.
Started with some excellent cocktails, with our absolute hands down favorite being the retsina and tsiporo (white brandy) concoction. I'm sorry I can't remember the name but it's listed on their menu as an award winner so you can't miss it.
Began our meal by sharing four appetizers: a comforting and flavorful trio of dips with pita, a vibrant rusk salad, lamb dumplings and kale and cheese filled pastries. Our least favorite were the lamb dumplings, more of a textural issue than one of flavor.
For entrees, the star of the evening was the grilled whole branzino (don't fret, wait staff will filet it for you) with the shredded lamb special coming in a close second. The nice part about the menu was that there were many options that looked appealing so there's a lot of incentive to make a return visit. Favorite dessert for me was the warm chocolate date cake served with vanilla ice cream, my companions also loved their pistachio creme brulee.
Staff was kind, chatty and sometimes a bit scattered but perfect for this kind of neighborhood experience. We can't wait to return.This place is  off by itself on Front Street, this place has much to offer. Excellent menu and prices, good service, very pleasant Ambiance. Looking forward to a return visitAmazing food!! Chef is super cool, very informative. Service is friendly. Food is really delicious. Best Mediterranean food in town by far.Kanella is still good but it's not the value that it was when it was a BYO. I dined at the old location regularly but I probably wouldn't come back for dinner. The wine pours could have been more generous and there's no point in paying for a bottle of wine as it actually costs more (unless you are getting terrible wine pours)...Let me start by saying I never go to a restaurant within the first six months of its opening.  I like to wait until the restaurant is firing on all cylinders and has their act together. Kanella doesn't need six months to work out the bugs, because it is amazing already.  The service was flawless and the food was incredible. 
Each dish that came out was unique in both flavor and presentation, and utterly delicious!  We had the octopus, the meatballs, the dumplings, the eggplant salad followed by trout, rabbit, and pork shoulder.  Everything was cooked to perfection and so exoticly flavorful.  The four of us are pretty serious foodies, and we found ourselves constantly asking each other "what is that flavor? or "what is that combination of spices?"
The desserts were outstanding as well!
All in all, I would say run, don't walk to Kanella...because as soon as it gets reviewed it, will be very hard to get a table.Recommended by our airbnb host, otherwise might never have considered Greek for breakfast. It works. We have the Cyprus breakfast and the lamb. Both were terrific. Great service. Friendly vibe.Greek Salad!  Octopus!  Grilled Branzino!  Goat Stew!  Amazing chef!  Delicious food!  I'm a veteran of the old place on 10th st.  This isn't as good... IT'S BETTER!  Go!  Now!A superb restaurant, Kanella is home to delicious food, a brilliant and gorgeous wait staff, and an excellent bar. Every bite is full of flavor, and there's so much to love-- starting with the cuttlefish (bring it back!), the lamb with eggplant, whole fish, wonderful dips, a brilliant flatbread... And oh, the Cypriot, one of the best cocktails ever invented. I rarely am satisfied going to the same restaurant over and over but Kanella is always on my mind- and every time I go back, I'm never disappointed.Service was good but, besides the dips, the food was poorly executed.  Entrees were all over cooked. Strange to charge extra for pita at a relatively high end Greek restaurant. Overall pretty disappointingGreat cocktails, grilled whole fish, octopus, lamb meatballs. My wife likes the seafood stew. Should have gotten the lamb dumplings. The saganaki is freakin out of this world.
BUT HE NEEDS TO REPLACE THE STROBING LED LIGHTBULBS IN THE DINING ROOM THEY DRIVE ME NUTS.One of our favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. As always the food was outstanding, the portions generous, and the atmosphere very appealing.  Another great experience.Absolutely revamped, has a giant bar + chef's bar at the kitchen. I tried the octopus, Greek tortellini and trout with lobster -- all very delicious, cooked to perfection. I recommend everyone of those dishes.I went here to celebrate with my family who was visiting from out of town and we decided to try this restaurant, as it recently opened in our neighborhood.  I had never been to their other location, but had heard some great things.  
We had a few appetizers including hummus and the flatbread.  I can't have hummus, but those with me said it was some of the best they have had.  The flatbread with ground lamb and beets was incredible! 
We had one problem with one of our main dishes.  We explained the problem to the waiter and a man who I am guessing is an owner.  He came over, talked it over with us, offered something else, did not charge us, tasted the dish we were not thrilled with, and agreed.  He apologized to us (am I still in Philly?!), and even brought us a free dessert.  This is some of the best costumer service that I have ever had here, and the food was spectacular.  I will DEFINITELY be back.  So far I have tasted their village salad, the flatbread, and the pork shoulder and I am going to have a hard time ordering anything else because they were so delicious!Great authentic Greek food, not your avg American Greek restaurant that serves bland classic Greek. They have specials (highly encourage to go for them) and a good menu that should please every palate.Excellent atmosphere, food, and service!! Highly recommended. What a gem in Queen Village! Had the saganki, lamb dumplings, keftedes, and grilled octopus which were all perfectly seasoned and cooked. Our waitress paid close attention to pointing out the seasoning and prep which was greatly appreciated. 
It was only two of us so we shared the whole grilled branzino wrapped in grape leaves which was amazing! A light herb, lemon oil prep and simply grilled- not to mention our bus boy was a master at filleting and deboning it for us! 
Truly a treat and will come back for their brunch which is starting soon! Don't miss an authentic Greek meal and check it out soon.I'm giving 3 stars for the good service but I was pretty disappointed with my New Year's Eve meal yesterday. We had a party of 6 reservation was at 9:30.
A pre fixe menu for $70 wasn't bad but the they ran out of one of the entree options. The lamb shoulder was what I wanted ended up having to settle for the only other meat option was the roasted chicken. 
I ordered a soda it was flat but the ginger ale wasn't not sure why that was. And also the dessert option that I wanted also ran out. 
Next time don't go late maybe they will have all the options available but ended up paying $100 for chicken and salad and a flat soda.Sets the standard of Greek (Cypriot) cuisine here in Philly.  Braised lamb shoulder and whole fish are just a two entrees we have enjoyed for dinner. Kanella South's brunch is a treat and I think overlooked here in QV,  Cocktails are top notch and we have enjoyed strolling over and just enjoying a cocktail or two at their bar.  Service can be spotty but they are earnest.Loved the new location! This is definitely one of the best decorated restaurants in Philly right now. The bar is gorgeous and the main dining space feels open and modern.
Food was excellent. Highlights were the grilled octopus and their roasted lamb special.
Service was great too. Sadly I have to deduct a star because there was a $3 upcharge for extra pita for their dips of the day.  Really? For the amount of money you are going to spend at this place they should be showering me in all the extra pita I want.Very impressive, elevated Cypriot/Mediterranean cuisine in a modern setting that pays homage to rustic roots.  Many of the dishes are done in the wood burning oven or over the wood grill to excellent effect.  Many choices on the menu, good service, small but smart and eclectic wine list. Recommend the grilled sardines, and the special grilled meat of the day, cured pork belly, wood grilled and served over giant white beans and kale inflected with just a hint of cinnamon.  All five of our dishes were winners (we both had the pork belly).  Two starters, two entrees, two great desserts and four glasses of wine $150 before tip.  Highly recommended, will go again.What a fabulous restaurant experience.  We had high expectations going in and they were exceded. Everything from the Cypriot wine to the appetizers to the mains course was excellant.  The service was paced correctly it never lagged nor did we fell rushed. Congratulations to the whole team there.Just as good as the original Kanella but now you can get drinks. Unfortunately the location is not as convenient but the food is amazing. The Cyprus Breakfast is one of the best dishes ever (no really, it was on the Food Channel show "best thing i ever ate") and the Shakshouka is incredibly good.
Definitely make a trip here if you're in the area.Had a great dinner Christmas Eve. Parking is a challenge because this is a residential neighborhood. And it does get loud but the place is beautiful with all the windows. Service started off on the wrong foot as they brought out 2 of our appetizers before my wife got her drink and our bottle of wine. It was corrected and the owner was very observant and came right over to ask if there was a problem and apologized. All the food was great we started with Octopus with giant beans, Armenian Lamb dumplings and the nights special Skate Wing. I had the Goat stew and my wife the night's special calf's head in a pastry bowl. It has been a long time since we had a dinner out that all of the food was consistently great from the bread to dessert.New location (and now no longer BYO) but still my favorite restaurant in the city. For dinner or brunch, Kanella never disappoints. 
I've raved about it in my review for its original location, so for now, I'll just recommend a few of my favorite dishes (although it might be impossible to go wrong here):
Brunch: Shakshouka, Cyprus breakfast, mahlowa, and the French press coffee.
Dinner: the grilled whole fish (whatever it happens to be that day), the pork shoulder rotisserie, and the rabbit leg. 
Dessert: The galaktopoureko. After any meal. Every time.I had one of the best meals ever at Kanella. The atmosphere is wonderful with an open kitchen and fire blazing. Very comfortable setting. Interesting drinks as well - unique, good.
The octopus was perfection. Simple, delicious and tender - difficult to achieve. Had to have the haloumi cheese as it's the national cheese of Cyprus. Can't go wrong there. I had the grilled fish which was very well prepared w/ nice sides resulting in every morsel being consumed. Finally - the lemon and Greek yogurt w/ thyme sauce seemed dubious as a desert, but I decided to give it a try and was not disappointed. Worth going for the desert alone.I had reservations for tonight but it was closed when I showed up, leaving me to scramble to find last minute dinner reservations for my out of town guests on a Friday night. I just looked them up online and saw they were shut down for tax reasons 8 days ago! That means they had 8 days to call me to cancel my reservation! But they didn't. So rude.Dinner was amazing. Highlights include lamb dumplings, sardines and tomato salad, octopus, and the branzino. Service was friendly, too.This is a place I bring my parents...true Mediterranean blood. The dishes are authentic and innovative. And everything is executed to perfection. I'm personally just a bigger fan of the gorgeous place they had in Washington Square when it was a BYOB it felt less industrial. A place you bring family to enjoy a truly warm meal. Now it feels a bit more sanitary in terms of environment. The food is still fantastic. 
Personally I love everything on the menu. The branzino is exceptional.This restaurant was superb, from the mixed drinks to every bite of the food! I will be going back and bringing more friends and family.This place never disappoints. The owners are so kind and generous. The food is always delicious. The decor is beautiful. My favorite is everything.Wonderful food and service!  Enjoyed everything about the evening.  Food was not only delicious but also interesting flavors.  One of my favorite restaurants in Phillywe went out for a brunch. a different flavor of eggs and brunch menu that we enjoyed. Ambience is decent. not too crowded for a sunday but music was a bit too loudAbsolutely incredible. The foods from scratch, its authentic & very decently priced. Server was a doll!Best meal I've ever had.  Lamp dumplings,  dips of the day, lamb kobobs, whole fish!!!!!!   Very good flavor!Only a couple of blocks away and one of the best restaurants in Philly, what could be better.  Great food and great service!This place is totally awesome! The service was very friendly and quick. I had to stop writing this review to eat a delicious galaktoboureko. For dinner, I had for appetizers: the octopus, the the dips of the day, the hummus, the zucchini fritters, the eggplant salad, the manti, and the kofta kabob for dinner. Everything was very good. I would definitely recommend this place. I will definitely come back.Chef Costantinos is not only good cook but he is also a very good host, very nice to talk to. 
Food is superb. All local tastes with a small touch from the Chef.
You will not be disappointed.Waited 45 minutes for a table when we had an 815 reservation (were seated at 9). Then we're not compensated for a thing as well as me being charged $22 for a shot of glenlevet (because they had no normal glenlevet and the bartender decided not to mention it was $22 a shot)...the old Kanella was much better and will not be coming here again anytime soon.Went here for my birthday. I used to frequent they're old location, but had yet to check this one out. Just as I figured, Everything was SO GOOD. The highlights, I must say, were the grilled octopus and the galaktoboureko (it's a dessert - I didn't know what it was either, but trust me it's amazing). We also got the veal dumplings, hummus, lamb shank, and whole Branzino. All were fabulous. Definitely a must if you're in the area.I had a wonderful experience at Kanella. I made reservations ahead of time and was seated right away. Our server was so knowledgeable and funny. In fact, I noticed that back of house staff was so well coordinated that everyone looked like they were in sync. 
I was telling my friend that it had been a really long since I had eaten food so delicious and so authentic. Each dish brought a wonderful combination of flavors. I had the Kofta dish and my friend the trout. My favorite way of eating fish is having it whole and it was nice to see that the trout was a whole fish and not a filet. The head chef came out to speak to us twice. He mentioned that the Loukoumades was something that he ate every sunday as a kid. I left Kanella feeling happy to have gotten the chance to eat at this Philly gem. Highly recommended!The hummus with mushrooms and pine nuts appetizer is not merely the best hummus (and I've tried a lot of hummus) i've ever had but the best appetizer I've ever had, and maybe the best dish of anything I've ever had. Every course was phenomenal, beautifully prepared and presented. Oh, and did I mention the cocktails? I couldn't stop at just one Scheherazade  (featuring tequila, pomegranate juice, and other ingredients I could neither spell nor pronounce, especially after the second one). I love Mediterranean food, but this is the best I've had. It's actually Greek -Cypriot. I told our waiter that if the food on Cyprus is as good as this, II'd move there.Dinner was great, server was very slow. the appetizers were incredibly delicious and worth going there with a group and ordering all of them. the Houmous, Zucchini fritters, octopus and lamb dumplings were what we had ordered and were all fantastic. i wanted to order the rest of the apps. the Village salad & grilled eggplant salad are bright and fresh, really tasty. the main offerings were tough to choose from and all sounded really great. i had the special whole branzino, in a place like this i figure the fish offering must be outstanding and i wasn't disappointed. my wife's quail was equally great. can't wait to return to sample the rest of the menu. desserts, loukoumades, galatapoureko, and the nut trio were what we ordered and was a great ending to the meal.This space is welcoming and open. The staff is friendly and very sweet. We love to come here for Brunch on the weekend. I love the unusual wine list...The Hungarian White's are very nice! One of the best restaurants in philly. AND their Bar is very cozy for Friends to meet up and to hang out...All in all a nice spot.We had a great experience at Kanella! It was tastefully decorated and the food was fabulous. The daily dips (beet, bean and potato) were great and as a new vegan, the stuffed eggplant suited my needs perfectly. Although it was huge, so was the flavor! We can't wait to return.A great addition to the neighborhood and the Mediterranean/Middle Eastern food options in Philly.  Dinner for two on a recent Sunday, booked earlier that day.  The main room is quite loud, with two-top tables very close together.  I really disliked the lighting -- although our table seemed especially brightly lit, and the two tables next to ours did not get blinded.  Our server was knowledgeable and I appreciated her suggestions.  We ordered three starters (hummus, haloumi, meatballs), a salad (chopped vegetables) and an entree (whole fish, branzino).  We also had a bottle of sparking water and one cocktail.  Our bill came to $110, all in.  The menu is comparable to Zahav's, but we found the dishes not as creatively conceived and certainly not as well executed.  Haloumi was the weak link; it was soggy and barely warm.  The hummus and the salad were just okay.  The fish and the meatballs, however, were outstanding.  I loved the grape leaves "skin" on the fish.  But I did bristle at its price tag of $31.  Overall, we enjoyed our dinner.  I look forward to having brunch -- it was our very favorite in the city at the old location and I have high hopes for the new location as well.Make a list of your favorite things to do for 30 minutes on a Saturday evening. If that list doesn't include standing around and waiting for your table to open up, with the occasional update that it'll be "soon", AFTER YOU MADE A RESERVATION, then this is probably not the restaurant for you. When we finally got seated (after another table fortuitously opened up..the one designated for our reservation was still "wrapping up"), we were told that we had to order everything (from appetizers to main courses) at once to "help the kitchen." Also, the branzino fish filet still had many fish bones ...These waiters are extremely attentive and service was great. We ordered the hummus, veal dumplings, and grilled octopus for starters and they were all great! The octopus was the best and it was a great portion. For dinner we ordered the lamb shank and branzIno which were both daily specials and both sensational (we shared). The whole experience was great and the price was reasonable considering what you get. I would recommend it to anyone looking for great Greek!