Bakery itself doesn't look impressive but don't be deceived- bread (particularly the challah) is scrumptious. Cookies and cheesecake are also delicious. They have many sugar free options as well. Highly recommend.The best rye bread you will find! They have seeded and not, as well as marbled. Delicious. and they cut it right in front of you. They have a lot of other breads that look fantastic, and a bunch of baked goods. Apple and blueberry turnovers are amazing as well. 
My grandmother used to get her rye bread here and it was always a thing of mystery... until I got myself there. Awesome place, definitely check it out.The woman behind the counter was a little rude and the cookies were very stale. VERY.
The challah bread was good - but kind of expensive I think....Over $5 for a medium sized loaf....My review is for the pastries at Kaplan's.  Whatever you do, do NOT buy the eclairs or biscotti.  I was in a pinch and needed to pick up some pastries for afternoon coffee.  The eclairs were filled with hyper-sugary buttercream frosting.  What?  I was really disheartened to be serving my guests a slightly stale and crispy version of an inverted grocery-store cupcake.  The biscotti was stale indeed, but lacked any flavor other than what I can describe as "floury".  The last thing that I purchased that was a saving grace was the poppy seed babka, which, of course, we all agreed that my grandmother's was better.
I hate giving bad reviews, but the pastries here just aren't up to snuff.  I'll definitely be back to try their rye bread and egg bagels, though.A cute little bakery I stopped in to get bread the other day.  Nice service, and tasted great!Originally I was expecting a dine-in and to-go situation so I had planned on getting an everything bagel with lox spread and nothing more. Unfortunately the only cream cheese they can do for a single bagel is plain. In a moment of panic, I ended up getting a half dozen everything bagels and a tub of lox spread to go. Both were FANTASTIC. 
Besides my misunderstanding of the format of the bakery, the place smells delicious, the wall is lined with breads (I plan on getting a challah bread and a rye bread ASAP), and there were a lot of pastries to choose from. Looking forward to going back!Good prices, basic baked goods that your grandma can get down with. Love the challah rolls and little slices of cake on the counter.If you want some solid, unpretentious breakfast Kaplan's is the place to go. More commonly known as the place that makes Liberty Lands smell like delicious baking bread, Kaplan's covers your baked good needs from toasted house made bagels to mouthwatering danishes and knishes. The owners look they have been a part of the bakery for decades and fit the feel of the place perfectly- no nonsense old women who seem like they have a gruff exterior but clearly have loving interiors if they can craft such magical goodness in the bakery.Best rye bread in the world! We just moved into the neighborhood and was delighted to re-discover this bakery. When I first moved to Philly in 1976 I was introduced tot the rye bread by my local corner store. I moved away years ago and frankly forgot about the delicious rye bread - but now I can eat it everyday! Perfectly chewy/crisp crust and wonderfully moist inside...the best for sandwiches and toast. The challah is also wonderful...just finished some French toast I made with it...and the bagels are great, too! On top of all this deliciousness the people who work in the store couldn't be nicer! If you're in the area be sure to drop in!Fantastic bagel! It was just so good. I'm so picky about breakfast food. Being used to NY bagels also doesn't help. But the bagel here was great! Soft, fresh, perfect. Will be going back soon...like first thing tomorrow morning haha.I've been here on numerous occasions and definitely plan to go back for a long time.  The rye bread is pretty good, although it can fall apart on sandwiches after a few days (I guess that's what happens when you get decent fresh bread).  The problem is, the small rye is way too small for sandwiches.  I wish they just made the length of the bread shorter, but kept the overall slice size the same on the various breads.  The challahs are decent and the bagels are okay.  I wish I knew what was baked on site vs. off-site.  I see a delivery truck bringing in food in the mornings, so they definitely don't bake everything on site.  One major complaint I have is that I have definitely seen one of the employees go outside for a smoke and then come back in without washing her hands or using gloves.  Not good.Like many have said, the rye bread is crazy good, sweets and prepared spreads are good, bagels are decent by NYC standards (which means outstanding for Philly). One thing I'm not as impressed by is the knishes.. they seem really salty and dry to me. But they are cheap and hit the spot if you're in a certain mood. 
The atmosphere is great too. As someone who grew up in a place where Jewish food was still pretty exotic, seeing a construction worker roll in and shout "lemme have a coffee and a hamantashen" just makes my day.It's a dump. But what a lovely dump! 10 years ago it was a horrible neighborhood but now it's oh so hot. Great rye bread, great pumpernickel. Good bagels. Super cheap! It's been there forever. It's like going back in time . Your Bubbie will be proud of you!Kaplan's doesn't do a lot, but they do their thing very well. Rye bread, challah, knishes, all served up with the sort of report you'd expect from a real neighborhood Jewish bakery.
I've heard that Kaplan's is a glatt kosher bakery; you may want to check on that, as I can't say for sure.
Aside from that, you're looking at a pretty selection of cookies and sweets. As I'm writing this, it's around Purim time (springtime holiday on the Jewish calendar), so make sure you pick up some humentaschen, these triangular, fruit-filled cookies, which are supposed to represent the triangular hat of a character in the Purim story -- a guy named Hamen, who was sort of a jerk (and that, I believe, is why we eat his hat.)Love this place. The bagels, cream cheese and everything else are delicious -- and cheap. They sell Russian-style black bread. It's always staffed with tough, wisecracking ladies who clearly love working together. Never leave me, Kaplan's New Model.They're breads, knishes, and spreads are really good but the bagels aren't anything too exciting. They aren't chewy they are just dry and dense.Cute Jewish bakery on the corner. Its a small bakery with loads of delicious baked goods along with different kinds of bread. What a selection of cookies by the way!Most of the things in this bakery are just average. However there is one reason that I stop here every time I go through Northern Liberties and that is for the rye bread. It may be one of the best rye's in the city.Ok so. Idk if they even actually make any bread or bagels here. I'd be hard pressed to believe it if anyone told me they do. The place smells like old yeast and bread. It's so full of stuff that it's hard to believe if any of it's near fresh. I'm so spoiled from eating the awesome made fresh daily stuff at Kettle Black just a couple blocks away on 2nd.I was in a pinch to get kosher bagels, so I bought a dozen despite the less-than-appealing storefront. The bagels were not fresh (was there at the open) and I'm not even sure they are baked on site.My girlfriend and I get a Challah every Friday for Shabbat, we are so happy we discovered this place.  Until we found it we got supermarket Challah, but nothing beats a freshly baked delicious Challah from Kaplan's and the prices by size are very reasonable.  I highly recomend it for any baked goods.While my neighborhood sprouts overpriced modern row homes the way a young teen sprouts pimples on their face, Kaplan is still holding court at 3rd and Poplar and keeping it real. Thank god.  I will cherish and hold dear any neighborhood mainstay that reminds what this neighborhood was and what it will be.  Folks, let's hang on to this one.
No, it's not fancy or sleek or hipster-y in the least.  It's got grit, it's legit and it puts out some damn fine baked goods. The ryes, the challahs, the pumpernickels- good grief - get yourself some. If you're a new transplant due to said new construction in the 'hood, do yourself a favor and patronize the joint already? For those not neighborhood adjacent, get yourself a little treat to take to Liberty lands or some bagels (with cream cheese) to go.Don't judge a book by its cover. Everything bagels are amazing, so is the challah bread. Everything is super reasonably priced. Need to try the rye!I was glad to find a place in the city with good knishes. But after talking to the people working there and looking at the knishes.. it begged me to ask the question. Do they make the knishes there.. the answer is no. The Knishes are imported from Lipkin's Bakery in Northeast Philly. Hard to sneak that past this Jewish boy from the Northeast. Mind you I have no problem with them being imported in.. but if you think that this place called a bakery is making then here.. think again. Everyone was nice at the store. I will go back again... assuming I could find a parking spot.I've been here on numerous occasions and definitely plan to go back for a long time.  The rye bread is pretty good, although it can fall apart on sandwiches after a few days (I guess that's what happens when you get decent fresh bread).  The problem is, the small rye is way too small for sandwiches.  I wish they just made the length of the bread shorter, but kept the overall slice size the same on the various breads.  The challahs are decent and the bagels are okay.  I wish I knew what was baked on site vs. off-site.  I see a delivery truck bringing in food in the mornings, so they definitely don't bake everything on site.  One major complaint I have is that I have definitely seen one of the employees go outside for a smoke and then come back in without washing her hands or using gloves.  Not good.I haven't tried many of the breads but in my opinion I would only come here for the pastries. The bagels were just ok but the pastries and cookies were on point! The only thing that really stinks is their hours. They are hardly ever open when I'm passing by.Very good cookies, even better bagels. Really friendly service and a good place to grab a quick bite.I'm not sure how this place rated so high.  I work three blocks away and because they are so close we have multiple times picked up pastry for our morning meetings.  Unfortunately very time the pastry experience is quite different,  don't get me wrong they make pretty decent stuff.  You would just have to make sure you purchase it hot from the oven as I don think I have ever had anything fresh.  What a waste and it looks like it could use a good cleaning.When is the bread fresh?  Stopped last Saturday around 8, bread shelves well stocked.  Bought rye & pumpernickel loaf, rye was not fresh at least day old and pumpernickel was not fresh either.Such a cute bakery. Staff is so friendly and helpful and the bagels were SOOOOO GOOD! I got half a dozen bagels and everyone enjoyed there's with cream cheese! 
Highly recommend if you live in this area to make this your bakery!  YUM!It's been a long time since I had their rye bread, but I delivered 100,000s of loafs throughout the city and Jersey growing up.   This was no small bakery - it was the largest Jewish bread bakery in the city.  The corner store was just a side line.  The rye bread was hands down the best in the area - and some of the best in the country.  The bakery was (maybe still is) owned by the same family as Gold Medal Bakery.  
I also delivered huge numbers of challah throughout the area - the plain and raisan challah was also the best in the city. People use to line up and buy arms full on every Jewish holiday.  
I don't live in Philly any longer, but still crave the bread.  I'm sure the supermarket bakeries have made a huge dent in Kaplan's business - but hopefully they'll be around for another 50 years.  
Also, the bagels use to be as good as any in the country - NYC included.  Real Jewish egg bagels - none of the water bagels that are all over the place today.This is an old fashioned bakery that celebrated their 100 year anniversary last year. The rye bread is the best I've ever had. It comes in several sizes, is sliced while you wait and freezes well. The pumpernickel and challah breads are also delicious. The cookies and pastries are yummy. The bagels are good too. Everything in here is good! 
They supply lots of stores and restaurants and have for years. The people are nice. We love talking to the ladies when we go which is about once a month!
You can usually find parking by the park. If possible go a a weekday.The bread is excellent. The counter staff is rude. The last two times the counter person has been curt and dismissive. If you can overlook the poor service, go for it.After settling into the new home, I was in the mood for some bagels and for some odd reason, I could not find anything near me that had them. There are a lot of cafes around so a bit disappointing. Anyways, I was able to find Kaplan's by doing a quick Yelp search. While they're not that close, they're the closest that I was able to find. 
I drove over there on an early weekend morning and there were a few customers already. Because of Covid, they're only allowing two customers inside at a time. Anything that a typical bakery has, so does Kaplan's and I was very tempted but managed to stay focused. 
I ordered a couple bagels - wheat, poppy seed, and sesame seed. Wow! Every single one was delicious and had the perfect texture. While I've eliminated bread from my diet again...not permanently, just for awhile...I'm glad to have found this small bakery. When I start to introduce breads into my diet again, this will be my first stop!Bad service. Bagel solid, no cream cheese though.. big disappointment. Only keurig coffee. Not good.If you haven't stopped by Kaplan's for their Jewish Rye, you shouldn't. More for me. Kaplan's has been a staple in the Philly area for a long time! My grandmother used to frequent this joint 50 years back! Maybe not this location, but you get the vibes. 
They have it all. From fresh rye bread, bakery sweets, and coffee too. Everything smelled so fresh and the joint only allowed two customers in at a time. Very safe given the Covid-Times. Recommend calling for tour order a day in advance as they make their specialty rye breads to order only. 
What we snagged:
-Large Jewish Rye. So damn good and so fresh. It was gone in a day...
-Various danishes 
-Various cookies. 
All came to sub $30. Can't beat the price. We'll be back to share this rye with many friends and family. Again, don't go here. More for me.The bread and bagels are delicious, and my 8 year old is a big fan of the pizza knishes - but if you really want to try something that will knock your socks off give a square of their classic coffee cake a try. Quite possibly the best coffee cake I've ever had. Delicious.I enjoyed the nice lady who greeted me when I walked in. Place smelled good. I had coffee and black and white. I'd go back to try the baked goodsI have to agree with a couple of the other reviewers: the rye bread is out of this world. 
If you have no other reason for stopping at Kaplan's, do it for the rye. Oh, and the cranberry muffins are quite possibly the best I've ever tasted. They're moist with a slight hint of lemon, and not overly sweet. Muffin snobs, rejoice! Kaplan's are delicious!
The pumpkin bread is tasty, too. So tasty, in fact, that I only got a couple bites of it before my boyfriend scarfed it down himself. (Insert some fist shaking here. Grrr!)
So, folks ... Muffins and rye bread! You want! Skip Sunday brunch and do it up at home, courtesy of Kaplan's.Woke this AM in Norris Square alongside my partner, who eschews early morning bites. Hungry for some good sticky buns, I pondered rationalising a 90-minute drive to Ocean City for some made by MALLONS - my favourite, but decided instead to locally find some, which Kaplan's offered. I got a sticky bun, a blueberry Danish, and an apple strudel. I found the sticky bun to be not very sticky, sweet, or moist; I consequently won't get another from Kaplan's. The strudel was moist and tasty; I'd get it again. The Danish, however, was the best - sweet and moist; I recommend it (and the strudel) to others. Kaplan's also offers bagels (among other treats and breads), which I've yet to try.Don't let the appearance of this place fool you! It's not quite eye appealing, but once you walk in you'll see that this Jewish Bakery has a great selection of breads, pastries, and fresh bagels... and what's a bagel without cream cheese?
My personal favorites include the whole wheat or French toast bagels paired with the lox or cinnamon toast cream cheese. I would also suggest getting the raspberry crumb cake. It is amazing!
Prices are very reasonable and service is fast and easy which is an added bonus. 
Do take note that they have a $10 minimum for cards!I wish I could give 10 stars to this place! The most wonderful staff and GREAT treats added onto that. Amazing. I want to order one of everything every time I go in!Every time I visit Kaplan's I always eave satisfied. Everything is always fresh and delicious!!!Excellent bakery! We just found this bakery, best bagels, knishes and rye bread in Philly!I love this place. It's a little Jewish bakery on the side of a corner. You walk in, and there's a small counter with lots of scrumptious food items. I always stop here because they have the best rye bread. The danishes are amazing, and they feel like they weigh 5 lbs. The people here are also extremely helpful and nice. I would definitely check it out if you're near by.I love this old school Jewish bakery! Every single time I walk my dog, I can smell the the fresh baked bagels/ breads and the fermentation of yeast. The bagels are a perfectly soft and chewy with a light crisp. Perfect for reheating since it not overly baked!  Desserts, breads and cream cheeses are amazing as well. Never disappointed!I need to get back to Kaplan's in hopes of adding some stars to this rating, but this is my initial review. Went in right at opening during the work week to grab a bagel and coffee on my way to class. The cons really stood out - the baked goods didn't look fresh at all nor did they even look like they were made in-house. The coffee I ordered? It was a K-cup from a Keurig machine. That was the worst part of all. It's a shame because the bagel...was perfect. Toasted lightly, perfect amount of cream cheese, crunchy on the outside and chewy inside. I was shocked as it was one of the best I've had in the city. The bagel was the redeeming item here and the reason I'll have to come in again...and not judge this book by its' cover. Staff were also friendly. Aside from the Keurig thing - get a real coffee machine, please!I should have known not to trust a kosher bakery open on saturday. They didn't know what was parve or not and as someone with a dairy allergy, this meant I could eat almost nothing. Also the cream cheese on the bagel my partner got is like the kind you might get in a little container at 7/11. Aimed at goys, from what I could see.Haven't been to a legitimate bakery in a while, so I'm happy that this place is on my route now! I've tried some onion loaves, as well as a few desserts. Classic. So many options. They also sell eggs, cream cheese, drinks, etc if you want to complete your breakfast or dessert. Last time I was there, I was eyeing the chocolate chip loaf, so I hope that's everything I want it to be! I get my groceries from the Acme, but any baked goods should come from here.I just knew this place was going to be good, from the first time I rode my bike outside past Kaplan's and could smell what was cooking on the inside. 
This is another one of those places that isn't fancy, and not even pretty for that matter; but Kaplan's keeps the overhead low which keeps the prices reasonable.
Finally I made it into the place and had one of the most delicious cheesecake danishes in my life. The ladies inside were so sweet that I even felt compelled to tip them; and I rarely feel compelled to tip at a behind-the-counter service joint. 
And that, my friends, is the textbook definition of a 5-star, Woohoo!, rating for me.Total bummer. Everything I bought today was a letdown. The cinnamon buns were dry and stale. The bread fell apart while I was eating my sandwich. My order was also pricey: $15 for a loaf of bread, four mini cinnamon buns, cream cheese, and a cupcake. The cupcake was a gift, so I'm hoping it was fresher than the rest of the stuff I bought.I am originally from Philadelphia I live now in Florida and every time I come back home to visit I have to make a stop and pick up bread. They freshly made all kinds of bread and desserts as well.This is the perfect cute bakery set right by Liberty Lands. We love coming here after the park to grab a snack :)
Pros
- reasonable prices 
- the pizza knish is one of my favorites! Tastes just like a hot pocket
- the ladies here are super sweet. Sometimes they give my toddler a cookie for free :)
- muffins are moist and delicious (not overly sweet)
- they participate in Too Good to Go and offer quite hefty bags of goods so nothing goes to waste 
Cons
- wish they had a menu posted somewhere. Sometimes I don't know what the options are just from looking at the pastry