My fiance and I went to Kick Axe with another couple during their soft opening, and weren't sure what to expect.  Our instructors, Dakota and Brandon, were extremely helpful and patient with us, as this was our first axe throwing experience.  We really enjoyed our experience and will return!Ginger and Jason ruled our weekend!! 
You guys were AMAZING, thanks for an awesome Sunday FUNday! 
Such a great afternoon all together. Jason at the bar was great tolerating us all afternoon as we went down the beer list. Ginger absolutely killed it as our axe master. AXEceptional staff all around! Very well ran and such a beautiful location.I've been to several axe throwing spots and while they're all great and special in their own way, this is hands down the nicest ace throwing facility I've ever been in hands down! Fun, interesting decor, great food (try the white truffle brisket sandwich) and a genuinely warm, friendly staff. If you're ever in Old City this place is definitely worth stopping in. And...I met two professional axe throwers here!!! A guy named "Bird Dog" and the other was "Joey 2 Pies."My first time throwing Axes and it was so much fun. Gram was a great instructor and made the whole experience easy and fun! I came for work, but will definitely be back with friends.Stumbled upon this gem on our way to get ice cream. Um, yeah kids, let's throw some axes! Fun for the whole family! Kids ages 8+ can participate. We have twin 11yr olds and we all had some good old family fun throwing axes! I'm giving it 5 stars for the look of the place, staff, instructor and just sheer fun! We did not eat or have a drink, so can't speak to that. I will say, had the rate been a little lower we may have added some food and drink to our experience.I planned a trip to Kick Axe with my Wife for her Birthday as part of a day of Philly Fun. We arrived for our reservation and everyone was super nice and friendly. Our Axe safety specialist April was great, she was firm about the rules, but committed to everyone having a good time. 
Here's my only gripe: my wife and I were by ourselves and we were mixed with another group of 6. The other group was nice and we all took turns and played several games. But there were plenty of other throwing galleries available and I could help think that my wife and I only got a 1/4 of the time throwing axes (which is the point) for the full price we paid.  I understand that one group should share a lane, but we didn't know them. Meanwhile there was a woman by herself with an instructor in the next lane . 
Anyway highly recommend for groups of friends, not so much for dates. But the facility was clean and a nice lodge-like lounge area.The aesthetics of this place, OH MY GOSH. I waited almost a week to stir up the greatest, most detailed review because it is totally deserving of one!
We reserved a session for 7:30 on a Sunday for 4 people. $35/pp for one hour. 
Two of the people hadn't arrived yet, so my boyfriend and I went up to the counter and a nice young man asked us what time our reservation was for. Because our full party wasn't there, he asked us to read and sign the waivers that were next to him on iPads. Pretty simple. 
We waited for the rest of the party in their "lounge" area, which has a bar with an okay selection of beers. There were also a few card games lying around. The furniture was very eye-catching and definitely well-maintained and clean. 
Once everyone signed their waivers, it was time to throw! The young man at the counter walked us to our booth and introduced us to our instructor. His name was Jaden and he gets 2 thumbs up!!! Thank you for being patient with us and giving us your undivided attention for a full hour. 
Jaden was thorough and gave us tips on how to improve our throws; he told us what was/wasn't allowed and made the entire experience so much fun. He kept score for us and changed up the point system to make it easier for us to rack up points. Jaden made us laugh a lot with his cheesy lines. I felt like like he was part of our group and we loved having him as our instructor. He stated that Kick Axe will soon be having leagues for anyone who is interested. 
Please remember to wear closed toe shoes and bring a debit card for the bar if you're buying drinks. It's a cash-less facility so no cash is accepted. 
I know a lot of these axe throwing places are BYOB but you will not regret coming here. It's gorgeous on the inside and the employees working here really care about the people that walk through their doors, and it shows. Thanks for a great night!Ginger was the best host!! She was super engaged and hyped everyone up. Definitely recommend for team building!!I came here during their pre-opening promotional week, and my group had a great time! Our instructor Isaac was very friendly and really kept us on track. As someone who used to work at a somewhat similar place, I have very high standards
My main complaint is that we didn't get to throw very much! With a group of 8 people sharing two lanes, we only got in 5-10 rotations (where we each throw 3 times per rotation) before our time was up. I believe we were told the maximum for our group would have been 12 - I can't imagine how little throwing time we would have with another 4 people on our lanes. There is probably an optimal group size to come here with, small enough that you get to throw a lot, but large enough that you don't get merged with another group.
This is a great place for a fun evening with friends, especially because of the lodge-style lobby where you can hang out before and after your throwing time. However, if you are really looking to perfect your zombie apocalypse skills, I'd look for a place with more hands-on instruction and less lane-sharingGreat addition to Old City. Even if you come just to have a drink it's a great place.Came here on a Tuesday night for a work event. I've been to other axe throwing places but this is the fanciest looking one. They also really channel the whole lumberjack theme with fake dead animals everywhere  (at least I think they are fake).
For the work part of this event, we had the area right by the front windows. The music was low enough for us to hear people presenting. There was a big TV set up for our presentation. And the food was good. 
Flatbread, sliders, pretzels, wings, churros with chocolate dip, and their cookies. Oh man their cookies!  They were the size of two regular cookies, soft on the inside and middle and goozing with chocolate. The one item everyone wanted to take home. If they opened a cookie shop I would go to it.
We had Daniel and Devon as our Axe Pros. They were friendly, informative, supportive, and really tried to fix my form when I was struggling.  I would recommend them if you can request your axe pros!
I would recommend doing this as a team building activity. Get people relaxed and enjoying talking about something other than work. And the food is good!Despite being awful at this in the beginning (apparently there was a learning curve for me) I truly enjoyed this experience. Stella was my axe pro and he kept it light hearted while giving me advice on how to throw better. The ambiance was unexpectedly sophisticated creating an atmosphere perfectly balanced for anyone. There's only beer and wine which may be disappointing at first but let's you keep your sense while hulking big metal objects.Ginger made our experience awesome!!  She even let us all signs the wooden target board and let the bachelor of our bachelor party take it home with him!!We had an awesome event here tonight. The staff is awesome - Ginger was a great coach and she was super funny. The facility is top notch - loves the decor.We had just gotten to Philly and stumbled upon kick axe throwing which we thought would be cool to checkout. Never done axe throwing before, we did the 30 minutes session walk in for a group of 3 people and we thought that was the perfect amount of time needed for us. 
Atmosphere: 5 stars - super clean and aesthetically pleasing bar and lounge area with board games, also fun axe puns on the walls 
Service: 5 stars - really friendly and attentive staff that just want you to have a good time 
Axe throwing: 5 stars- kind of scary at first, but once you get the hang of it, it was soo fun and thrilling to throw an axe especially when it lands in the stump. I believe the lady who guided us through the whole time was named Audrey and she was amazing, so energetic and enthusiastic. 
Thank you for the most enjoyable axe throwing experience here (:Make sure you ask for an instructor besides Dave or David. Every other instructor there is more than willing to help you with technique instead of just obviously watching you struggle. Definitely a great time as long as you have a supportive and positive instructor.Went here on Friday night with a date and joined another party of two. Our host was Molly and she was very welcoming and informative. I've been axe throwing before and this place is awesome. The decor is so cool- you don't feel like you're in Philly but more like the Poconos. The music was also solid! I'll definitely be back.30 min for $25, totally worth it!! Lyell made the entire experience super fun and helped my group interact with another for a really good session.We had a great time.  Jonah was a great instructor for newbies like us!  Chris lows the bar as well!!  Will return. Fun timeThis place succccccks! Especially if u get Will. He sucks the life out of people and acts like you are trying to win a competition and need safety goggles or something. God forbid u walk u for the rope. Bury the Hatchet has always been fun. We didn't even want to finish our round here. The only reason we did is because we were with family visiting from out of town.We stumbled across this place and had an Awesome time. So much better than expected. Gram was awesome and he was super helpful and friendly.This was the coolest axe throwing place I've ever been! The decorations were great and our Axe Pro, Daniel was amazing!!!!Well... what can I say... except... this is novel. A bar where you throw sharp steel axes at a target. Of course this is after you sign a very lengthy liability release. 
Nonetheless, they have done a very nice job restoring a building that has been dormant and decaying for years. 
The front lounge is comfortable and beautifully restored. Seating is comfortable. 
Further back are the axe throwing bins or pits. Participants are given a quick lesson on axe throwing by a staff person. (Staff are in each bin)
Then you get to throw the axe. 
What fun!! 
It's kinda like a boardwalk arcade where you pitch balls at a target only you throw axes.... and you drink at the same time. 
All I can say is... have fun and don't stand close behind the person throwing the axe.First time Axe Throwing and I can tell you this is one for the ages! You don't want to be that person that's scared or hesitant about this activity! It's so much fun!!!! I went with a good friend and we had a blast. 
First 5-10 minutes you receive instruction and safety guidelines from an Axe Professional. We had the privilege of having SINGER! If you want to have lots of fun, cut loose responsibly, she's your woman! Highly recommend her. 
You'll get hooked, once you get the hang of it. You won't want to stop.I came here with my family, and had a great time!  It was lots of fun, and nice atmosphere.  The only reason I gave it 4 out of 5 stars, is because they charged us 20% gratuity and that didn't cover our attendant.  I think they should have explained that.Safety is prime and this place does it the best with the settings and the staff! With that said, what an ambience! Loved every aspect of the decor and the styling.
Great for office gatherings or a group of like minded friends! 
Destress one-O-one 
Kudos team keep up the quality and ill come back for moreGinger and Felix just made my night! Fantastic atmosphere/ employees, very impressed with the soft opening. Felix grabbed two of of my friends off the sidewalk and talked them into coming back. After getting me, we walked over and he invited us in, making us have a great time from the second we walked in the door. Ginger coached us all through what to do and let us choose teams. We had a great time and I can't wait to go back!!The experience of a lifetime, thanks to our host Damien!I was visiting from the west coast and decided to throw axes during my trip. I seriously couldn't have picked a better place! Food was delicious, drinks and customer service was on point, and the vibe was a perfect mix of a cozy, laid back cabin decorated with eclectic and decorative pieces everywhere you looked. But what really made the experience for me was my host Damien- make sure you ask for him! He was so knowledgeable, vibrant and personable. He gave my friend and I incredible pointers which had the group thinking we had thrown axes before. We felt like pros!! If you want to have a great night on the town and impress your friends with your axe throwing skills, Damien is the way to go! Make sure you request him in advance if you can :)My fiancée and I are visiting Philly this weekend. Today we walked all over the city looking at all of the historical stuff. As we were walking we stumbled upon Kick Axe Throwing.  In our excitement we walked in, off the street, checked out the joint, and all I wanted to do was spend $25 for a half hour to throw an axe, and probably spend more money on buying drinks for me and my future wife. Let me tell you I have never experienced anything like I got from the young lady at the counter. I wanted to spend money and do all of the things and all she did was discourage me dropping coin. "It's more fun in groups" "it's best if there is competition". Didn't care about groups and don't mind competing against myself. Then she said, we could come back at 4:30...we were not coming back...we left...disappointed.  Could have been fun...instead I'm writing this review!I've been axe throwing before in Vegas and this place is SO MUCH COOLER. Great atmosphere with interesting decor, great beer for decent prices and incredibly fun and helpful "axe-pros" to show your the ropes and keep score. Our pro Daniel made our friend's bachelorette party an absolute blast! Thanks Daniel!!!This place was amazing! We walked past and it caught our eye. We were greeted by a friendly staff and got a chance to watch the people throwing before it was our turn. JADEN was our range person and he was amazing, very knowledgeable and incredibly friendly and made sure that we got the right coaching to get us sticking the axes. This place is definitely a great place to have a party or just spend a fun evening!Daniel was an awesome axe pro! Super knowledgeable and friendly and made it a great time. 
GetthatcoffeeSo one of the best axe throwing places I've been to. Is a beauty bar also. It is more like a speak easy with axe throwing in the back. April was our goat and she was fantastic! We had food while throwing, pretzel dogs and nachos. Food was way better then I expected. April was super interactive with us and adults and teenagers both had fun. Will definitely go back during the week when it's cheaperDamien, our "Axe Coach" was awesome! We couldn't have had a better guide! We loved him and the experience. The games we played were fun, we received good tips for better throwing, the food was good, and the ambiance was super cool. I would definitely go back. This was fun! I went with a friend this time, but next time I'm taking my mom :OEverything including the food, service, variety of games and ambience at this establishment is top notch. 
Our instructor, Connor, was the best too! 
Our group had a fun time learning from him. He was incredibly patient with my unteachable boyfriend who finally ended up a pro by the time our session came to a close! Thank God!Family night was amazing at Kick Axe Throwing!! The atmosphere was fantastic, great place to hang out for a couple drinks and eats! We sat in front of the fireplace playing Jenga until out Axe throwing session started. Everyone who worked at Kick Axe was professional and friendly! Our axe throwing coach Connor was AWESOME, he was so helpful and made our experience so much fun!!! I highly recommend Kick Axe Throwing! Great environment the atmosphere is so cool the event even better!!! Such a great experience!!!Conner was awesome!! This was one of the most fun night I've had in Philly! If you're in town, this place is a great time and I highly recommend!This was our first time axe throwing and we had a blast! Thought it would be difficult and tiring but we enjoyed throwing from beginning to end. The different games were great and kept a fun competitive edge to the throwing. Jaden was very helpful and humorous. We both got a "RINGER" and eternal glory! Ron was a wonderful presence at check-in and the customer service really made our whole experience here just that much more amazing. 
As a grad student, I suggest that the company considers having a college night with student discounts! I already can't wait to go back!Daniel our axe master was great!!! Such a fun time, he really made the night fun, especially since we didn't know our whole group. Great fun!This place was an experience! The staff were super helpful in teaching us how to do everything but made it a fun learning experience. The hour flies by cause, time flies when you're having fun. They also have a bar where you can grab drinks, me and my party really enjoyed ourselves and the  different types of axe games available were a cool twist to them.Wow!! Kick axe throwing is such an awesome addition to old city!! Having been to both urban axes and bury the hatchet as well, I would recommend Kick axe throwing to friends in Philly.
I came here for the soft opening and was truly impressed with the axe masters. Tony from the Brooklyn location led our group while Wave, who will be working at the Philly location shadowed. Both axe masters were super polite and encouraging. Tony gave great tips and by the end me and my partner were hitting bullseyes like we were pros!
The atmosphere here is fun! It's well decorated and has some bumping music. There is also a kitchen and bar here, so unlike other axe places, no need to BYOB. 
The staff is super polite and hyped about axe throwing. If you go for a "ringer" on the bullseye, they all cheer for you. Everyone made sure we were having a good time which was nice and I could tell the staff were having a good time too. This is a fun place!! 
Disclaimer: we only had 4 people in our group so we got to throw a lot, but unlike other axe throwing places in philly, this place has no minimum number of players required, so if you have only a two-some, you could potentially be paired with only one other couple, although not a guarantee. 
I recommend trying out Kick Axe Throwing- I'll be back soon!Ginger was a great instructor that showed not only technical skills but provided a level of confidence needed to succeed. The decor and vibe was on point as well. I would highly recommend Kick Axe and Ginger!Took family and friends to KAT and had Daniel as our Axe instructor. Great fun - and the highlight of Thanksgiving for our boys. Dan did a great job. 
PhilI personally like the vibe. It has elegant and nice environment. I did not try the axe throwing thing, not really my thing, but seems fun. LolNever beenWe had a great time here!  ThDaniel was awesome!   E ambiance is amazing. Love the decor!  It's such a fun environment-.  axe throwing in my life before now, but I'll definitely be back again with more friends! And I will be requesting Daniel again!! He was laid back, personable, and fun!We had an great time today throwing with Andy!!
The venue was so clean and all the Covid protocols were appreciated.  Our first time ever trying this and Andy was fun and a great instructor.  We will definitely go backI came here for my boyfriend's birthday back in December and it was so fun! This place has such a nice vibe. It was a little awkward at first to have someone standing there with you the whole time, especially if you're going with you and one other person, but you get used to it. I think it might be a better group activity, but we had a blast. It's kind of wild how they can serve you alcohol while you're throwing axes but I'm not complaining!Went there for a date night. Check in was great and we had time so we ordered a drink. When asking about different drinks the bar tender was just straight up rude and acted like we were wasting his time. Then when I ordered my drink I asked for a rum that was on the bar. I was told "No that is no good."  When I said "I know what it is. I have some at home"  He said "fine. Don't complain if you don't like it".  That just went along with the eye rolling and demeanor. 
When we were in our lane I ordered another drink. After 15 minutes and others having received their drinks I asked the same bartender as he was walking by "Sorry but just checking on my drink?"  He stopped, acted completely put out and said "oh well I was here earlier and asked 4 times if somebody ordered a drink". God forbid not hearing because it was loud and I was, well, throwing an axe. When the drink was delivered the next guy said "well. This is the second time this drink was delivered here."  REALLY!?!  Thanks for the sarcasm when you are doing your job. 
HORRIBLE bar staff. 
Our lane staff, however, was a complete opposite. She was awesome.Ginger was an incredible host.
Thank you so much for the hospitality and providing such a fun experience. Thank you for making our birthday celebration incredible. Cheers to more ace throwing!!!I really enjoyed my birthday experience for the 2nd year in a row. I really miss the french fries but am grateful that you are still open. I felt comfortable with the safety precautions that have been put in place. Andy was AWESOME .  My children (young adults) joined me for the first time and have already shared the fun experience with their friends. Looking forward to returning soon to break up the routine of work and home during the pandemic.This place is adorable, first and foremost. The aesthetic is very hipster; Buffalo plaid and craft beer kinda feel. Very cozy sitting areas with a fireplace and couches. Cute little stuffed, mounted animals on the wall, very cabin-esque homey setting.We came in on impulse when we found a parking spot right in front of the place. Saturday night & the place wasn't too crowded, maybe a 5min wait, just enough to get drinks. Axe throwing was soooo much fun, it was a first for both husband & myself. Daniel was great with his instructions. He was very personable & fun, helping us both with form through the whole visit. I would definitely recommend a trip if you're looking for something new to try.Went there for a date night. Check in was great and we had time so we ordered a drink. When asking about different drinks the bar tender was just straight up rude and acted like we were wasting his time. Then when I ordered my drink I asked for a rum that was on the bar. I was told "No that is no good."  When I said "I know what it is. I have some at home"  He said "fine. Don't complain if you don't like it".  That just went along with the eye rolling and demeanor. 
When we were in our lane I ordered another drink. After 15 minutes and others having received their drinks I asked the same bartender as he was walking by "Sorry but just checking on my drink?"  He stopped, acted completely put out and said "oh well I was here earlier and asked 4 times if somebody ordered a drink". God forbid not hearing because it was loud and I was, well, throwing an axe. When the drink was delivered the next guy said "well. This is the second time this drink was delivered here."  REALLY!?!  Thanks for the sarcasm when you are doing your job. 
HORRIBLE bar staff. 
Our lane staff, however, was a complete opposite. She was awesome 
UPDATE:
The manager reached out ALMOST immediately to get details of the night and set out to make it right, which was done very quickly and MUCH appreciated. They truly care about the customers experience and I will surely be going back. 
Updating to 5 stars based to the awesome response from management.Back in the Before Times, I came here as part of a group of three. We walked in and were given a spot immediately. 
We were paired with a fantastic instructor and a couple for our spot. The instructor was patient and helped all of us--most of whom had never done axe throwing before--get the hang of it. He even had a few few competitive games for us! All in all, a fantastic experience.
A great little bonus was that we could leave tips via Venmo! Super convenient and way easier than digging for cash.My friends and I passed by and decided to take a look inside. As we walked in, we were just amazed and impressed by the decor and ambiance of the place. I'll let the photos do the talking here. We decided to do the $25 walk-in for 30 minutes of axe throwinf. Our Axe Pro was super friendly and made the experience even more fun. My friends and I had such a great time that we want to go again soon. We felt energized and joyful after the experience. I would recommend giving it a try. You won't regret it!Daniel Mauchly was Kick Axe! Great job instructing and kept it fun the whole time! We will be back!This was the best!! I loved this birthday party and it is great for all ages. We were helped by Conner and he taught us very well. I loved this and will definitely be returning!! Go Kick Axe ThrowingWe decided to take our teenage kids here on a whim and I'm so glad we did. First of all, this place is decorated to the nines. It's so cool and cozy and makes you want to stay and have a drink. Unfortunately the bar is closed due to covid restrictions but hopefully that will change soon. You also get your own coach who teaches you how to throw. We were lucky enough to have Molly and she was sweet and patient and knowledgeable and really good at her job. The kids loved it (it's awesome to find an activity where your teens want to hang with you). They make it a super fun but safe experience. I cannot wait to go back with the kids and with our friends, especially when it's fully opened. Not a typical target in a warehouse- it's city decor and a really cool vibe and staff.I came here with my ex(still good friends) and stopped by to see what it was like...Pleasantly surprised!!! I did ok, but it's very stress relieving, and a bit of a workout...Nicky (hope I spelled it right) was great! She was very patient and informative; I will definitely come back!My team was doing our kick off event and like to do a group activity. Close to our office this seemed like a great idea and I loved everything about it. We visited on a Wednesday late afternoon.
Location, great, right on Market near Old City. When you first walk in, sign your waiver and then we got a wrist band. The way I've described the decor is Canadian Hipster and everyone should just fall in love. Also, try to spot all the woodland creatures! It's fun, it's spunky, it's cool and the layout is really nice. The bar itself is smaller but plenty of tables to hang out at or lounge on the couches. 
My team went into the back area and had a private throwing party. We had 3 instructions who each gave great direction and did their best on giving advice on how to chuck that axe. Everyone seemed to really have a fun time, the music wasn't too loud, the beers on tap and bottle were delicious and I will definitely be back for more.We had such a great time here. Our instructor Dakota was awesome. He was fun and very helpful. Would definitely go back.Great (first time) experience throwing at Kick Axe. It was safe and enjoyable, with dedicated targets for your group. Shout out to our Pro Andy! Andy walked us through the rules and best practices for throwing, and got us sticking in no time. No bar or food service right now due to COVID, but that is something to look forward to. I'd recommend this place to anyone interested, even first timers.First time axe throwing! At first i was super nervous but Conner made me feel super safe and gave great pointers. End up having such an amazing time!!! Recommend 100%!!! Ask for Conner he's the best!!!Ginger was a fantastic coach and guide throughout the night! I came in not really knowing what to expect but it was such a simple process from the very beginning. Ginger had us playing multiple games throughout the night and made it so much fun for everyone in the party! Would highly recommend her as a coach!This was my first time attending this establishment. I was very very impressed with the axe professionals, but the services from the waiters and bartenders were complete garbage. I have gotten better services from high schools at a country club. The bartender was rude and so inconsiderate. I hope I don't see that bartender again or I will walk out of this placeI can't believe how much this place has changed. I understand COVID has affected the world but the laziness going on when I visited recently was over the top. The stalls looked horrible with wood chips all over the place and awful targets. The men's room was filthy so I don't even want to know what the ladies looked like. The clear amount of apathy among the staff this past Saturday was clear. With all of the other locations around Philadelphia that have axe throwing people should think twice before visiting.I came here to celebrate my birthday, try something new and break up my normal routine of work and home. This is a relaxed fun setting. Card  required for payment which was fine. 
Because this was new and I was a walk-in I had  the shortie session of half hour. 
Upon being buzzed  to go to the range I met NIKKI. 
She explained the rules which took a bit  to register for me because I was scared. Lol
She was very patient  and pleasant. She took her time and assisted with helping me with my posture, body positioning and aim. I took me a bit to put it nicely. She remained patient  and understanding and made  this a fun, safe new experience and stress  reliever for my birthday. 
THANK YOU NIKKI!!!
Looking forward to seeing you again.Wow!! What a blast!! Our host Stella was the best!!! He made our first experience a memorable one!! We laughed so much. He was just a pleasure!!  Can't wait to go back!!!Great atmosphere. I personally love the vibe here it's very cool and night club esc. Very comfy couch seating in a lofty fashion.What a fun experience! Highly recommend to all locals and tourists!!
Bar/Drinks (5/5): With a $5 Citywide special and other cheap beers and drinks it is a steal. Citywide was Wild Turkey and a PBR tallboy. Amazing service and deal!
Axe throwing (5/5): Our axe throw pro was lively and vibed well with our group. We all had ample time to throw and he was perfectly constructive and instructive. The time flew by but we played multiple games which was a blast! 
Cost (4/5): More pricey than the other place we looked at but overall was cost effective enough for us to hold an event there. 
TL;DR: Highly recommend and would go back in a heartbeat.My first time ever axe throwing was here, I was nervous but the staff put me at ease. They are very covid safe, especially with cleaning and social distancing! The space is cool, the vibes are awesome, and the music is all throwbacks. The only thing I wish they had open right now was food and drinks(they do not due to covid), otherwise all good. I can't wait to go again!This was our first axe throwing experience. It was so super fun!!! 
I recommend making reservations ahead of time if you have a big group and are committed to a certain time. They did have a lot of time slots available though and they are able to run a lot of groups simultaneously. 
When you buy tickets in advance, there's an awful and expensive service fee. I hate service fees. I docked a star for that. It's the cost of doing business and they are making enough money that they shouldn't be harming us for that. 
When you arrive you check in at the desk and sign your waivers. They put a wrist band on you, match you up with a host and send you on your way. The host goes over the rules with you and you do some practice before starting the real deal. 
I didn't realize we would be talked through all different games for each of the different rounds. That was fun. He also made adjustments as we went along to meet the needs of our team members. 
There were six of us in our group and it was fun and we all got a decent amount of turns. I think the more people you have, the less you probably get to actually throw axes because you are rotating through so frequently. 
I got a cosmo and it was HORRIBLE. I would recommend getting your drinks before or after or getting beer if that's tour thing. Mixing cocktails is definitely not the goal here. Lol. 
The atmosphere is fun and it has a dark, hipster sort of feel toot. 
They do not accept cash with the exception of tipping your bartenders and host. 
You get about 75 minutes and it goes by soooo quickly!!! 
We were going to order food but honestly it would have been difficult to eat anything more than one little app just because so much is going on and you're paying attention to your friends and taking turns, etc. So we went out to eat afterwards. I wouldn't recommend planning to do any sort of dinner and axe throwing plan because there's not really enough time and it's less than ideal trying to eat that way. 
It's located in old city. There's lots of parking available and lots of bars and restaurants nearby to make a night of it. 
The bathrooms were clean! 
Don't be intimidated if you've never done axe throwing before. The hosts are really good at helping you out and giving you strategies if needed. It's not scary at all. It's fun and it's a great team activity! I highly recommend!!!!This was my first time axe throwing - I thought it would be a fun date idea. It was a really great time, the interior is well laid out, the axes and boards were all well maintained, and the instruction was effective.
There's a great ambiance to the place - Greenwich village meets lumberjack, and the drink options seem great (I don't drink or I would have tried them)
My instructor was Cara - she was really good at getting some healthy competition going and helped break the ice a bit with my date. I would recommend getting her as your guide if you can - very nice, polite, and encouraging.
10/10 would throw sharp objects again.JOSH was absolutely awesome with instruction and so fun with axe games! Would recommend 100%Ginger was THE best instructor!  What a blast!  The Delta Calley VB girls beat up on their moms a bit but it was super funGood time went with my boyfriend and his 16 year old son for his birthday instructor was greatThis place is absolutely awesome. The bartender working was so hilarious which made for great conversation. You can tell that so much time and energy went into every detail of the place. The indoor fireplaces, flannel, lighting and axes make for a unique ambiance. Will definitely be back.A group of five us went for the latest time available on a Sunday night (7:30) and had Axe Pro Jonah (who was nice enough to not hate me after I accidentally called him Josh multiple times). Jonah was absolutely wonderful and attentive and made sure we didn't do anything stupid, and ran us through everything thoroughly. He didn't bat an eye when we gave him incredibly bizarre nicknames instead of real names, too, god bless him. The room is set up in lanes similar to bowling which is fun, and we had plenty of space to sit back and watch as other members in our party threw away. It was a blast - would definitely recommend and will definitely be back next year!Had a great time at Kick Axe on Saturday.  Bartenders Sean and Chris were great an accommodating (extensive XFL knowledge) and Axe Master April was engaging and funny.
This is a more upscale, premium axe throwing experience with food and beverage available for purchase as opposed to the BYO places.  Will definitely go again!This place is awesome! Great atmosphere and good ppl. Thanks to Connor for teaching our team how to throw an axe! We had a great time