amazing food. both fish dishes i got were amazing. the plantains were excellent as well. however, the service............ was quite frustrating. but the food made it worth itI had a great experience at this restaurant. I haven't had West African food but am now a fan. The lamb, chicken, and fish were all delicious. If you are feeling adventurous, definitely try this place.Friendly, authentic, hot and spicy. We have started with the roasted plantain as an apetizer (YAY), ginger juice, and we had a Yassa fish/chicken as a main dish. Meals are delicious, geneorous, priced reasonably. Wish we could have tasted the whole menu!!!This past Saturday was the first time I had eaten at this place. I have been wanting to eat here for a long time because I've heard so many good things about the food. Well..... the food was delicious!! There was a 15-25 min wait but it was  well worth it. My bill only came to $32.00 and that was  with 2 meals (for me and my mommy) , a side order of plantains, and 2 drinks. We both can't wait to go again!I didn't try many african places but certainly had better, and more value, experience than this. Tried almost everything on the dinner menu. Food taste was OK, not bad at all but nothing extraordinary except for the portion size which was massive. The ginger drink,more like ginger smoothie, everyone talked about did not appeal much to me and wish it had slightly less ginger in it. Service is not that good either as we are served in chipped plates by careless waitress. Overall, would I recommend this place to any one else? Not sure, but if you do decide to go here, don't get your hopes too high.Food is excellent, and very cheap for the quality and quantity! And, the waitress was the politest, sweetest one ever. As the other reviewer had said, the Yassa fish is phenomenal. Be careful, meals are really big. Share!One of my absolute favorite places in University City, and one of the only few places that serve whole fish (at an amazing price too!) yes, the service may be slow sometimes but they're really nice about it, and the food just keeps drawing me back here. 
It is a BYO and conveniently located next to a liquor store, so do take advantage of that! The half a dozen times I've been here, I almost exclusively order the grilled tilapia, which comes with a side (I'd recommend the plantains or the vegetables for a lighter touch). The portions are HUGE (even for the sides), and the fish comes delightfully crisped up with a fresh spicy salsa-like topping. 
A definite gem in University City and so far, I haven't found anywhere else that surpasses it's grilled tilapia.Fair price and good food. Fresh water fish is not tasted good, but I love lamb and chicken, sweet potato fries is the best. But they don't like credit card, they like cash.Love this place!! So Delicious! Came with four friends so I was able to try multiple dishes. The fish was my favorite, followed by the lamb. The service is a little slow but the food is worth the wait.Disgusted with their take out service. Apparently, if you order something that is sold out, no attempt is made to notify you that it is out. As a result, you come to pick your food excited to finally try African food for the first time along with all the co-workers you convince to buy in and give it a try as well but you leave with nothing at all because nothing remotely popular is still available. What? no Yassa of any sort, no lamb of any sort, not even simple curry? Really? Are they even well equipped to handle lunch service? Why bother picking up the phone at that point if inventory is so low?First can you say amazing? No you can't because the food is in your mouth and feel like this is heaven I've finally made it. The seasoning is on point or pot much not to little. It's juicy and rarest and all a round great. The fiber drink has now become my favorite and I'll be on a search in Cali for it. Its not too sweet and not too spicy. The couscous reminds me of achake (hope o spelled it right) but I think I like this better. Oh and don't get me started on the prices! They're seriously the best I've seen for African food. 
Seriously though the food is THE BEST African food over tasted. This is going to become a staple when I come back to Philly definitely glad I came here during my little trip from Cali. If you're in Philly or just visiting go to this place!!!This review is long over due! I am welcomed like family anytime I walk in! My favorite Senegalese Restaurant! Well ran, delicious food, and friendly, warm service. My favorite dish is the grilled tilapia with sweet plantains, jolof rice, and sweet potato fries. Sorel or ginger juice also delicious! This family ran restaurant will always have a special place in my heart. One of the first places I ate when I moved to Philly in 2005! I will always return!First let me just say this, will never be going back to sit down BUT I might get to go, the food was seasoned well and cooked really well, prices are good and as for the restaurant is Oktl;dr - food is AMAZING. Good portion sizes and fantastic flavors. A definite must try. Service is subpar and makes eating here a painful experience, and expect to spend over an hour and a half here to order and eat. BYOB, Cash only. 
The food here is excellent. The half chicken is really delicious, and the fish is awesome (though hard to eat with the scales). I would choose these over the lamb or the shrimp. I personally think the fried rice is great, and the sweet potato fries are the best ones I've ever had. A lot of flavors I'm not used to, and I really love them! The onions are AMAZING. Prices have risen since my last visit, but still reasonable for the amount of food, which is a lot. 
However, service is where Kilimandjaro loses. The woman who works at the front kinda waves you off, and it takes a long time for her to fill up your drinks (or really even bring you drinks) - you have to go up every time you need something; don't expect her to come over and check in on you. The food also takes really, really long. Like 30-50 minutes for your food to arrive after ordering, but it also takes like 20 minutes to even get your order down. So be aggressive about ordering. 
One time, the restaurant got sooo smoky that my eyes couldn't stop watering. It was literal hell. 
However, it's hard to come prepared to order fast. It seems like, at any given time, 75% of their menu isn't available. Really disappointing, especially since it's really an investment of time for me to come over here. It's also cash only, so be prepared.This place is a hidden gem. I had my doubts. The ginger yaye and goye were so good (beverages). The shopping center, the actual restaurant looked underwhelming. The customer service is not best. The menu doesn't have a ton of options but i an tell you that every dish i saw come out looked and smelled amazing. when our food came out it was delicious and portions were big. we stuffed ourselves and got to go boxes. they only accept cash, no cards. There is a ATM in the convenience store next door. I've been wanting to go back ever since the last time i went eve just to get the ginger beverages. i recommend eating here if you want to get off the beaten path and try something different.Kilimandjaro is a bit of a hole in the wall, but the decor is very nice inside.
I believe it is Senegalese cuisine, and the flavors are awesome.
Start with ginger juice or the other fruit juice - very addicting.
Must try the meat patty appetizer, whole fish, and the lamb chops. Plantains are delicious as a side.
Don't be afraid to try this place! A true hidden gem in University City.Oh. My. God. I have never had fried fish this good. The sautéed onions they put on top of it is he best part. It taste like the onion sauce has lime or vinegar in it. And the ginger juice is a must! The broken rice side completes my meal.The waitress messed up our order.  There were some flies in the restaurant.  Service wasn't great.  But, the food is absolutely delicious, so I don't care.
Definitely not for a light meal: beef patties, fried whole fish, lamb dishes are all great.  Great BYOB.The most delicious tilapia you'll ever have in your life! Every time I bring a friend who's never been here before, their mind gets blown by the tilapia. The fried rice and fried plantains are also awesome. Staff is friendly and it's a cozy restaurant. And it's super reasonable. I always leave super satisfied when I leave. It's one of my favorite restaurants in Philly!This food is off the hook! Which means its ridiculously delicious!  I go there at least once a month. They have great things on the menu and the food is savory and full of flavor. I enjoy a ginger juice with every meal and love trying the different foods my favorite is the fried fish and grilled dinner meals with red rice. 
The only issue is its a small place so make sure you call ahead of time for party over 6 they rearrange the seating for you.Awesome food, awesome service, tilapia fish is the best and loved the kitchen made ginger juice....best place for first time African foodThis is my favorite place to eat hands down. I live in New York but I can travel 2 hours to get to Philly just for this. If there is one place I recommend for the best food it is this one. I wish I can give it more stars. The best tasting food I ever had is here.
The ginger yaye is like no other. I have never had anything so refreshing and with so much gingery flavor to it. The Yassa chicken was phenomenal and the fish I had is probably what I will always get for the rest of my life.
Very very delicious food.Had a great time at the West African/Senegalese restaurant called Kilimanjaro's... The food has an authentic, exquisite taste of African cuisine and the atmosphere is quaint and spacious, Even though it's located between 44th and 45th and Chestnut in a swanky strip plaza next to a Smoke Shop and a Fine Wine & Spirits store in Philadelphia, But it is a cool oasis, hideaway of epic proportions in terms of food wise, As a ethnic, gourmet "foodie" you'll love this place and the menu contains delicious dishes, Everything from Lamb Shanks to Grilled Fish served with vegetables on a bed of white rice, Brown rice and rice pilaf/couscous, etc... The Menu varies. This spot is exceptionally the place to be to enjoy some tasty West African cuisine with some great Bissap, Ginger, Ginger/Mango juice, etc.. To die for, Indeed!!!! So If your ever in the West Philadelphia area, Then stop on over to Kilimandjaro's!!!So I was very excited to try this place out as it came highly recommended by a friend. I tried to order several items on the menu which I was told were not available.... I kind of had a blank stare because it was around 5 p.m in the afternoon and I began to wonder what the dinner service would look like..... 
After being unsuccessful at picking items directly off the menu I started to use Pictures from Yelp to point out what I wanted to try.... Turns out they didn't have it. I ended up settling on a chicken dish with brown fried rice apparently they did not have the red rice...
I found the food to be rather salty! While I liked the flavor of the rice it was too salty to enjoy. The chicken was a little on the tough side and tasted as though it had been pre-made. The portion size was also off as it was not even the side of a quarter chicken. The meal was not balanced as there were bit no vegetables, a slice of tomato and a slice of cucumber. Also I would have appreciated some gravy.
Well the question is, will I return? I think not. I would not drive from New York City for this, I would rather opt for a local option. I really had wanted to try the red rice but alas something are not meant to be. Also I didn't like that they only had tilapia fish.
A shout out to the lady who took the order, she was very patient and helpful as I navigated through a menu which did not reflect what was truly available. She is the reason for two stars instead of one.I had the fish and it was incredibly flavorful, even though it wasn't fillet the bones were easy to remove. My kids enjoyed the lamb though that portion was waaaay smaller than the fish. I also had the fruit cocktail it was good like a ginger juice topped with strawberry syrup, i'm glad i only ordered one. All in all delicious ..Byob (with liquor store on the same strip of shops!) and the food is so so good. Head -on tilapia and the chicken were favorites with our group of 6. The decor is sort of thrown together, but the great food makes up for it in spades.The food here was great but the bad service, dirty tables, close seating, and extremely loud crowds (both dine-in guests and folks getting take out) makes for a bad restaurant experience.Come for the lamb chops and stay for the incredible fried rice. Don't expect to come here and eat and leave in 30 mins as they like to take their sweet time making your food but it's always worth the wait. This place is also great for takeout since you don't have to wait for them to cook up all the delicious food you're ordering. My favorite dish is the lamb chops over salad while my wife prefers the chicken dibi with couscous. Been here plenty of times with different people and everything that they have ordered has been delicious. These folks do magical things with onions and the spices are incredible. One of the hidden gems of West Philly in a shabby looking strip mall. Cash only.The best fish fry I have ever had in the US. Topped with spicy onions and marinated to perfection, the fried fish is a must try. The restaurant has a very good vibe and the staff are friendly.This is my first time eating at an African restaurant, and the flavors of the incredibly cheap meal I got really blew me away. I should note that this was lunch, so dinner may be pricier (and the menu looked very different). 
+ Chicken and rice dish - $9 -  combination of seasonings and caramelized onions were the dominant flavors and were an incredible complement to the perfectly cooked bone-on chicken and bed of short grain rice. Savory, a tad bit of sweet from the onions, and the scent wafting from the restaurant pretty much said it all. I would really like to know how they achieved that level of flavor and how the onions were cooked, because that really made the dish. 
+ Ginger and mango juice - Also incredible. Probably one of the most ginger-y drinks I've had.
For me, the $9 entree alone was enough for 2 meals. Definitely worth the walk from university area, and I will be back to try their other dishes (including the fish I've read so much about).
Cash only!This place is absolutely amazing! The staff are so kind, courteous, and just overall amazing. Food is priced well. This is a gem in west philly. Sketchy at first, but completely worth it! One suggestion is the Tilapia. Hands down amazing!After reading some great reviews, I finally made it here tonight!  Food was amazing, definitely reminded me of my mother's cooking.  Love that our waitress was so helpful in recommending anything she thought we would love and spoke French with other patrons coming into the restaurant for dinner!  The spicy sauce served with the beef patties is definitely tasty but super spicy!!!!  The patties were delish!  I highly recomend it...definitely expected different, wait was not long at all - we were in and out within an hour and some.I am not very familiar with African food and was not sure what to expect, but this was fantastic! Delicious!  The tilapia was a whole fish perfectly cooked, tasty and crispy. The chicken Senegalese was half a chicken with a great sauce and was just FAB.  The Yassa chicken was cut up chicken in a delicious stew with a slightly spicy onion sauce and was equally great, the swarma was delicious with great filling (although it was a bit strange being in a tortilla shell).
As other reviewer's have stated, the exterior of this place belies what is inside. It doesn't look like much from the outside but inside it is homey and comfortable in rich colors comfortable seats although small. Service was fine, no complaints in contrast to some commenters here - very friendly pleasant and prompt (this isn't fast food!). 
Just to be clear, five stars does not mean this is a five-star restaurant, only that it perfectly delivers on what it promises.  We will definitely be back, and already looking forward!Food is good, have been twice but go only when you have nothing planned afterwards.  Service is sloooooow and often can't accommodate even a dinner for two if they already have a semi-large party.  People are really nice though.I love you Kilimanjaro. You are so chill and unassuming. That's what I admire most about you... And your awesome food too. 
I haven't been to Kilimandjaro in a while. I've been going for a few years now and it never gets old. I've only had their fish dishes. Plantains are perfection and the red sauce over my rice--- mm mm good. It's as good as the Ghanaian food I ate while I was there. Writing this review is making me want some now. Good God Kilimanjaro!!I wish I could give this place five stars, as the fish was seriously ah-mazing. Like so amazing that a friend who usually eats vegetarian decided to try some. 
It came topped with some sautéed onions with the most delicious sauce (not sure sauce is right word here) that paired perfectly with the tilapia. This was the best fish I have ever had. 
The fried rice, on the other hand, was a little disappointing. The veggies reminded me of the $1 frozen mixed veggies in every grocery store and was overly salty. However, there are other sides that you can choose from, so I would recommend something else with the fish! (Can you tell I really liked the fish?) 
It's not the best place for vegetarians, as all entrees were some kind of meat or seafood. The menu isn't large, but the portion sizes were. 
The bad... service was incredibly slow. The place was about half full when we first got there, but we still waited a good 10 minutes for our orders to be taken. It also took nearly 45 more minutes before our food came. It's not so much that we had to wait for the food - good food does take awhile to prepare! - but that they were also constantly churning out delivery orders. 
I will probably come back for the fish.Was really excited to try the lamb Dibi since I usually have to drive to NYC to get it. The restaurant was pretty much empty when we got there,  but the waitress just stood there and looked at us. After I said something about it to my husband loud enough so that she can hear she finally came. She took our orders and when the food came the lamb dibi was mediocre. We still ate the food, but when it was time to pay she told us we can only pay in cash. This was upsetting because there was no signage that stated that they only took cash and we only had credit cards so we have to go next door and get cash from the ATM. It's an OK restaurant, but I definitely won't be visiting again whenever I go to Philly.This place is for real. The food and  service are over the top. The price can't be beat and the portions are large.This is one of my stand byes.GET THE GRILLED TILAPIA and FRIED PLANTAINS. No questions. You won't regret it. Best eating experience I've ever had in university city.Amazing food! The grilled chicken was tender and tasty.  The fish was good, as well.  I would stay away from the lamb, it was fatty and not a lot of meat.  Well priced, too! 
Service was slow, so be prepared.Get the grilled fish, it's amazing! Moist, succulent and spicy tilapia is served with your choice of a side. I had the salad, which was good and simple. The restaurant is located on a strip mall and I was a little skeptical about this but the food was good and the staff were pretty friendly. Try the bissap drink, which is good but a little sweeter than at other places I've tried.Food is AMAZING!!!  Perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The service on the other hand?  Well, when you ask for a glass of water three times and never receive it and thirty minutes later you're still waiting for an appetizer that'a been ordered but then they suddenly don't have it, it's s a bit disappointing to say the least.Yassa poulet is the best I order it every time and can't get enough. It's on the lunch menu but they will always make it for dinner. Restaurant owners and staff are incredibly kind and care about their food. If you've never tried Senegalese food defiantly give it a try its really likable. Also a convenient byo because it's right next to the liquor store. Favorite restaurant in university city.I live in Kilamandjaro. I've been eating there since 2008 and I haven't stopped. I go there so much the owners can recognize my voice over the phone. I even had my graduation dinner there! 
My favorite dish is the Fish Yassa. It's so good I could eat the seasoned onions by itself. If you want appetizers definitely get the beef patties or plantain. The grilled chicken and Dibi chicken is good too. Great spot for a date night or just hanging out with friends. It's also a BYOB. People of all races enjoy their food & if you try it I can guarantee you'll find something you like.This was my first time at a Senegalese restaurant and I will definitely be back! The food was delicious. I had the sea bass with sauteed veggies. I also got a side of plantains. The fish was seasoned and cooked beautifully. Veggies and plantains were good too. The ambiance is very intimate. We made reservations because the seating is a little tight. The service was friendly. And there is a parking lot in the strip that restaurant is located in. I parked on the street because I wasn't sure...but there were a few spots available in the parking lot. All and all, I will definitely be back! Thank you!!Very good. Not as amazed as the rest of the world is but still good food nonetheless. The tilapia IS actually very tasty. The dibi chicken is also good. 
We had rice side (meh), sautéed green beans (also meh) and plantain (very nice).
I feel like everything could have used one small dash of salt then it would've been perfect. Also, I tend to like saucier dishes so u was kinda sad the dishes weren't in a sauce like usual west African dishes. BUT I will say this was dinner time and the lunch menu was not available - even tho the lunch menu was much more expansive. (Which is a disappointment that there were so many dishes we simply couldn't even try). 
Overall a pretty decent place. My girlfriend loved everything- so maybe I'm just picky.
NEXT TIME: Must try the RED SNAPPER ($18)  - the family beside me was RAVING about it even tho they first had the tilapia first. And honestly it looked incredible.Simply AMAZING! Funny cause as I write this review I'm here in the restaurant waiting for my order! GO TRY IT!!!!!I love this place!!! The food is fantastic! Any time you visit any African restaurant, and it's consistently filled with Africans, then you know you're getting the real deal! Their jellof rice is absolutely stellar! As many west Africans will tell you, bad jellof rice is the absolute pits, so I'm glad Kilimandjaro does it so well. Actually, I expected nothing less since Senegal is the birthplace of this special dish. Everything I've had hear has been delicious. The service here is also very much on point. The staff is always so pleasant, and you get the feeling that they really appreciate you being there. I usually stop by when feel a strong craving for some Nigerian food, and can't make it back home to NY for some home cooking. Kilimandjaro never disappoints! 5 stars!!!Fish, fish, fish! Wish I knew the secret to how they cook it. Good sized portion enough to share between 2 people, comes with a side of salad. Didn't try the lamb but one of our friends had it and it was just Ok. The fried plantains were pretty good as well as the bissap.Came here for the first time a few years ago and had a rice dish that I couldn't care less for. But I was craving some African food a few days ago and I decided to give it another shot. This time I was sold!
I tried the grilled fish with vegetables and plantains. It was so good I came back the very next day for another. The fish was crispy outside, flaky inside, and seasoned to the bone! The fish is covered with sautéed onions in a tasty sauce that I could not get enough of. The plantains were sweet morsels that complimented the fish. 
The service is friendly enough but they seem preoccupied with personal conversations. Like others have noted, the wait can be rather long but is definitely worth it.I have never been to Senegal. but have eaten homemade Senegalese meals. This place makes stuff like your mom would if she were an EXCELLENT home cook. Spices and sauces are exotic, but not unfamiliar. A must try app is the meat patties (still shining with oil from the deep fryer, HOT and spicy. The Grilled Tilapia I had appeared whole (including the head) and was quite succulent, but not particularly filling. Fortunately, my wife's half Senegalese chicken was more than she could eat, so with the help of my huge order of red fried rice, I went home full. Daughter was not so adventuresome, so beef Brochette suited her just fine (along with a huge order of plantains.) 
Service was very friendly and English is spoken well (though French is appreciated.) When we went the TV was on to a soccer game, and lots of local French-speaking Africans were cheering on their respective teams.
This is no doubt the kind of experience you would have a continent away, right in a convenient West-Phila strip shopping center (with free parking.) It's small, so try a slightly off-hour, Service takes the amount of time cooked to order takes, so order a delicious Ginger Juice and be patient. You will be rewarded.I honestly have no idea what kind of cuisine this place falls under but it is good.  I had the Chicken Senegal (I think) and had some of the Tilapia.  Note both dishes are huge in portion.  It's a good size chicken and the whole tilapia.  The sides it came with were pretty good as well.
Definitely worth trying if you're in the mood for something different.  This will hit the spot.I visited last evening after a recommendation by friend and reading the very good reviews.  I've always loved Senegalese food/people/culture.  I LOVE this restaurant...small, authentic Wolof vibes, playing popular contemporary West Afri sounds.  The servers were pleasant and listened well.  Being vegetarian, they were more than accommodating.  I was stuffed at end of meal.  The friend with me was stuffed, too. This will definitely be a restaurant that I will visit again for the food, people and vibes!Dined here this evening and the food was absolutely delicious!! I had the lamb chops with a side salad. I also had plantains and bissap. The service was pretty good and our server was friendly. My companion had the sautéed shrimp with a side of Senegalese rice and peas. Very good selection as well. The only drawback I would have to say is that the place is rather tiny so there may be a considerable wait to be seated. I will definitely return despite that fact however and I will share my experience in hopes that others support this African dining gem.I love it here! Everything is amazingly flavorful and healthy! I wish they had a buffet! I wish they had a chef's trading menu because I'd eat whatever comes out of that kitchen!The food here is really one of a kind, especially for someone who did not have a lot of African food style food...The shrimp appetizer is great. For most dishes, the way the meat is cooked and served gives you a feeling of the African wilderness: the Poisson(fish) and poultry are char/grill as a full body and tastes amazing.
Their African style juice is also very special and highly recommended. 
One star off for the service though. I requested ketchup three times and the waitress, obviously too busy managing the whole place forgets my sauce every single time!Very interesting cuisine. Sincere staff and flavorful dishes. We had the fish sauce gumbo and mafe with plantain side. Definitely can give it a try.I came here for the first time for a lunch date with my husband. Everything was delicious! Super impressed by the quality and value! We got the grilled tilapia from dinner menu with sweet potatoe fries on the side, chicken yassa from lunch menu and fried rice. Soooo good! Will definitely come back for more!This meal was the highlight of my trip to Philly. 
I can't speak for everything on their menu, but I highly highly highly recommend the marinated and grilled tilapia.  For $12 during dinner, you can a whole tilapia and a generous portion of whatever side you want.  The tilapia was cooked perfectly with some caramelization on the skin, and the steamed vegetables as well as the plantains had the right amount of bite to them.  Absolutely delicious.
I wish we knew it was BYOB before we came.  Can this place get any better?  Sweet staff, cozy place, amazing food, happy food baby.I wanted to like this place, and I did, although not as much as I wanted to. We got four dishes for $47 and it fed six adults, with leftovers, so the price was right. 
The food was good. I've had better West African, however. The lamb was kind of tough, the mafe was good, the yassa was...not the best, although good. I'm not a huge fan of the fish dish, theboudienne, so I'll recuse myself on that. The ginger drink was good but too sweet.
Still, the food is quality and the prices are low. I don't know the neighborhood, so I can't compare it to its competitors, but if a place like this existed in Princeton I would eat here all the time. I imagine Philadelphia has more options.Amazing food, please drop what you're doing and go to this restaurant!!!  Yuma, my friends and I really enjoyed the conversation with you.  Let us know when you come to Los Angeles!!I found out about Kilimandjaro online a few months ago. Last week I was thinking of places for my 21st birthday dinner; I wanted it to be relatively close to Penn's campus and nice but not expensive to the point of inconveniencing people. I remembered Kilimandjaro and decided to go with them because of all the great reviews. 
The morning before the dinner I went to the restaurant to make sure they could accomodate my party at the time I had planned. When I saw how small it was I got a little nervous, but they were fine with my party of 12 (it actually turned out to be only 10).
The dinner was last night, and it was unforgettably amazing!! After pondering the menu for a while, we decided to go with the buffet (fish, lamb, chicken, salad, rice, plantains and drinks for $15 per person). They only take cash, so 3 of us ended up walking to the CVS on Locust. When we got back, everything was on the table. All the food was delicious. None of us was particularly skilled at cutting a fish but we managed and it was quite tasty. I could only try one of the drinks though, the bissap, because the other two had pineapple and I'm allergic. Our server was very careful to make sure I knew the bissap from the iced tea (they look very much alike).
Overall, we had a wonderful time. Everyone kept asking how I found this place; only one person in our group had been before. The food and ambiance were perfect, and the servers were extremely helpful and efficient.One of my favorite new places in Philly. Up there with Cafe con Chocolate. The focus is on great food, not pretension. Very nice server and warm atmosphere.I've been here three times and I have never been disappointed. So far the Yassa with shrimp is my favorite.My favorite restaurant. Period. I've had most of their menu items but my favorites are their lamb chops and boneless chicken kabob.  The flavors are unique even among other comparable Senegalese restaurants.Love the food! The ginger drink was so delicious! That was my first time their and enjoyed myself. Will  return... plus it's BYOBTotally fun.  Great food.  Friendly service.  As authentic as can be ( I think).   Yassa fish and ginger juice are my new fav food combo
Don't forget to ask for the house hot sauce!!!
( it's a strip mall ethnic restaurant so don't think white tablecloth but think finger licking good and family friendly.  )I have been here thrice before, but this review will cover my most recent trip.
Based on the presentation, taste and quality of the food alone, this restaurant is amazing. However, there are some other logistical details that unfortunately keep my mouse hovering at the four star mark online. First, the venue is small and so beware of trying to find a table during peak dinner hours. Additionally, I didn't see any table that would seat more than 6 people, so unfortunately not a place to bring your entire extended family. At the same time, the waitstaff were very accommodating in allowing our group of three to pull up another chair at a clearly two person table. The menu is outdated and in fact, the waitress apologized to say that about 3-4 items aren't even made anymore. As a result, there are a sparse number of offerings made at dinner. This time I ordered Sauce Feuille with lamb and it was probably the second most delicious item I've had there, although I was a little nonplussed to find fish bones in the sauce. Ranked number one, in case you're wondering, is the rich peanut butter curry or Mafe. My companions ordered the Yassa fish and the whole fish. They were blown out of the water (pun intended). I'm also a fan of the presentation of their side orders such as their rice which comes as a beautiful compact sphere on your plate. Other sides are served in long, undulating, horizontal bowls. Another plus is how hot the food is when it is brought out and that for a small-medium sized person like myself, your entree is easily 2.5 meals.
This is a great affordable restaurant for a small group of people that offers unique and wholly satisfying dishes. A final note is that they don't accept credit cards! Don't say we didn't warn you.I can't begin to describe how delicious the food is here! I've had everything on the menu...multiple times! The Dibi lamb and the grilled fish is my favorite! 
The food is great but the service is slow so don't go if you're on a time schedule. You will not be disappointed trying anything on the menu. It's very small and hot inside but  it's a small price to pay for great Senegalese food.The fried snapper was really good. The plantains were really good. The fried rice was very good and it also tasted like chinese fried rice with smaller grained rice.
I liked the place. It's in a small strip mall with minimal parking. Try to get there earlier to avoid a wait.Loveeeeeee. I have had the chicken and it is delicious, I have had the meat pie and it is delicious; but nothing to me is better than the lamb with the onions and sauce on the rice. It's is delicious. (When i get the name of it ill update my review) I am Nigerian and I am a lot of times dissatisfied with the African cuisine in Philly.
This Senegalese place is a stable for me and my friend and me and my boyfriend. We sometimes come for take out and sometimes just to have nice loud talks about politics. 
Someday il try the fish I heard it's actually better than the lamb. But for right now I'm sticking to my favorite.
4 small but important things CASH ONLY and the furniture needs updating, the place is tight and customer service depends on the day and customers.The Senegalese was dry no flavor, dibi chicken and lamb dry still no flavor, the Tilapia was the only thing that had any flavor. Small portions, the hot pepper sauce was not even hot this restaurant has all the hype and nothing to back it up with I didn't my food at all. If you want good west African food go to  Boabab on woodland Ave.Kilimandjaro Restaurant is just simply inconsistent and quality of food is unpredictable.  One day they will make your food fresh.  The next visit it is not fresh at all .The fish was not fresh when I last ordered and they put a rotted tip brown   lettuce on my to go side salad. Also each time the food taste different. I normally write reviews on restaurant's not by my first experience but by going more than twice . If the resturant is just awful the first time then I never return. Iam tired of repeatedly telling them my food is not up to standard. I live in the area so it was a close option for me to walk to, but I will not return to Kilimandjaro Restaurant again.Wow, what a great place.   Nothing fancy here, but the food is perfectly prepared, perfectly spiced and DELICIOUS.  That wait staff are gracious and efficient.   We were in a large group and we received great service and felt right at home.   I can't wait to go back again.first time try african food..everything good, service good, and the juice is very impressive!I was yesterday at youma restaurant  Baltimore both locations was very good but love youma moreMy favorite Senegalese restaurant Le Bercail closed down. WAH. So I decided to try here. This food was good, but not as good. And their customer 'service' leaves much to be desired - a problem we also had at Le Bercail. We all chalk it up to 'cultural differences', but my guess is that's why Ke Bercail closed- because their food was transcendental, but the service really brought out the French in them.
I probably would've given this place 4 stars if I didn't have better senegalese elsewhere. 
Ive dropped in 2x because they are right next to the wine and spirits. they do not have a take out menu. This would cost them about $2 to get a bunch of them, photocopies of the regular menu would be fine. This is the signpost to show they really do not care that much about customer service.
So I call and ask if they are online anywhere so i can see a menu. I could not understand what she said after a few repeats, so i asked what was popular and she gave me a 'how should i know, depends..' answer.
So i found them on menu pages and made another call back. When i ordered the Senegalese chicken she said 'with what?', i said 'i dont understand' she repeated 'with what?'. Again i said i didnt understand. She then growled 'it comes with a side'. I said 'oh ok i didnt know that, it doesnt say that on this listing' (and later saw that it doesnt say it on the menu either). so i picked couscous, and chicken roti with vermicelli as a side. She didnt ask my name or tell me how long it would take. I tried to order a shrimp dish, but they were out of all shrimp.
so i show up after about 25 mins and say 'i ordered chicken roti and some other chicken dish...' and she looks at me like i'm an idiot. i say, well i the person on the phone didnt give me an order number, or ask my name. "that was me" she says,.... well, ok, then you must know my order. she says it will be 'right up'.
i wait on a chair in the corner under the big screen tv showing sports, and rap music over the speakers. there are some cute, crooked pictures, and nice colors. small but quaint. Definitely unpretentious (like your soda comes in the can). 2 kids, presumably the owners or someone that works there, were running in and out of the tables the whole time. Maybe everyone there knew them, seemed like people did all know each other. if i was dining in, this would have annoyed me. 
after 1o mins - i told them i would wait outside.
The chicken dishes were the same, i didnt know what to order (and i dont like lamb). i could not tell the difference between the 'roti' chicken and the 'senegalese' chicken. Both were tender, and juicy and had a lot of meat. I couldve used more sauce, and more grease/oil. The other restaurant i loved smothered the meats with sauce- which was useful because they too had very bland sides. 
Im sure its just 'how they do it', but to me the sides were useless and we did throw them away after trying to eat them. You can see from the pic, the couscous is literally just superdry couscous with nothing on it and they give YOU the bouillon cube to crumble on it. Umm, no...i would like you to prepare the food!! The vermicelli also was not cooked with flavorings but had a dollop of the same onion sauce that was on the chicken, and that saved some of it. 
It ended up being about an hour for our 2 dishes. The place did have about 4 tables of people. 
The total was $25, a deal really, but according to the menu both dishes were $10.. so i don't know where the other $5 came from. But they did not seem like they would be receptive to my questioning so i didnt even ask.
I know customs are different, and american's version of customer service is very different. Senegal is part French, and it shows. They are not very friendly with nonregulars and dont seem to care about repeat visitors or if you are happy. 
just not a good vibe, but decent food.Excellent west African cuisine.Senegales or Guenie ( I believe Fulani).
If you like Carribean food you will like it.The owners used to run a Restaurant around Drexel that closed down called Fatu& Fama or something like it years ago.I was in a cab that was driven by a guy from Gunea and when I mentioned to him about how good that restaurant was he told me they have open another one so detour to Kilimanjaro :) ordered over the phone some fish with rice. Lady over the phone quickly took my order but didn't give me any selection.Was a little bummed that I got a fried trout with bones ( preferred fillet fish) All I all food tastes fresh and delicious.Restaurant is tiny but clean and cozy.
Food is excellent but customer service needs some work.Can't attribute it to "cultural difference" because I have been to many places including Africa.The girl working the counter seem to have incorporated the attitudes of some of unsavory females of the area and there was a dude working there wearing a white wife beater . WTF:)
All in all , I would still get a take out but won't dine in.Great food!  The grilled pork kebab were perfectly done and delicious.  The red snapper was also outstanding. They served up a nice thick red snapper which was enjoyed!  Very reasonably priced. Saturday night and the place was BUSY!I absolutely love this place. Consistently great food for a great price! BYOB and the wine and spirits is next door. Try the grilled Talapia with the pickled onions. The plaintains are good when they're sweet and the spicy rice is great!