When the bartender is on her phone picking her fantasy football team and not making drinks - bar fail. You can't have a business run by hipsters, it's just not a realistic model. There are about 100 better places to go here in the city, so skip this one.Lazy Friday night looking for something to eat turned into an unexpectedly pleasant dinner at Kings Oak.  Granted I wasn't too too keen on this as we approached the front door (tons of construction, street repair going right out front of the place). Construction fencing and mud (from the rainy night) covered some of the approach to the front door.  But lo and behold, the inside of Kings Oak is quite nice.  Warm woods and almost a dining room style room greets you on one side, a long bar and high tops on the other.  When we sat down at our table, that's when I noticed the large outdoor seating area.   Dinner unfurled into a great tasting meal.  I enjoyed the fried shrimp appetizer with a small house salad.  My friend ordered the steak with mash potatoes and brussel sprouts that looked absolutely divine. Our waiter was awesome and very attentive.. helped us with the various pumpkin infused beers and specialty drinks to pick from.   
All and all, I want to come back to this place.  Looks like a great spot for casual dates, or eating out in a group.  I want to try this all you can eat seafood day they have... so I want to give it a try sometime soon!Me and my fiancé went last night for the All You Can Eat Seafood on Thursdays.  The restaurant itself was nice and the feel of it was really good.  The selection of food you can chose from was a nice picking.  It was $35 pp since we came and got seated before 9pm because it is $30 after 9pm.  The food was delicious and they give you a salad before you start which is included as well.  We really enjoyed ourselves until the check came.  I felt like we were over charged due to a 20% gratuity they already include on your check.  I one did not like that because it was only two of us on the bill.  I feel it is not fair to the clients because our server really didn't do the best. until we had our second round of food.  SO in all reality we spent like 55.00 pp than 35 per person.  I think the 20% should be hatched on when their are more than 4 or 5 people at the table.  I personally would not give someone a $20.00 tip unless they were extra awesome and went way above what was expected of them.  All the waiters and waitresses do is  just ask what you are having next and someone else brings out the food.  The manager should really look into that because now I do not know if I would go back for that specific promotion they have.The waiter told us that the place was closing down soon... thank goodness. I've been here for brunch and for dinner. The ONLY god thing about King's Oak is that it is right next to a construction site and it is always empty. However, it is NOT a hidden gem of any sort. I had the same waiter twice both times I went, and he was super aloof. He had no idea what was going on around him it felt like. He didn't know anything about the menu, forgot our order (BOTH times I went!!), took about 30 minutes to get us our drinks (even though we were his only table!). Both times I went, they forgot to give us utensils, and when I asked, I got a good old eye roll from the staff (someone else came out to serve the food). They basically only have burgers on the dinner menu now, which sucked for a vegetarian like me because literally the only option I had was to ask for a grilled cheese (which was pretty decent actually). Anyway, like I said earlier, I was informed this place was closing down, a favor to the rest of the world.
PS - if you check in on Yelp, you get 10% off your meal!I love this place!  It's my favorite brunch spot.  Our waitress, Natalie, is extremely personable and friendly, and has exceptional customer service skills.  She made our dining experience worthwhile even though the restaurant didn't have some items on the menu.  I would definitely visit again and ask for Natalie!  She rocks!!!!!!!!I hesitate to put up a review because this is my secret brunch spot, but I feel like the world should know how awesome this place is. The location is hard to find due to construction in the surrounding area, but it's right outside the piazza attached to the North Shore Beach Club. They have a pretty large indoor and outdoor area that is perfect for brunching. If you have a large group you'll be seated inside. The staff is extremely friendly and accommodating and knows how to handle large boozy brunch crews ($25 pitchers that poor about 8 mimosas). I brought a group of 15 people and they made it work and were extremely attentive. Also another bonus - the food is delicious. No one had any complaints. This is one of my go-to brunch spots. Great for large groups!My boyfriend and I went to Kings Oak a few weeks ago with another couple for drinks and dinner - we heard good things and the menu seemed great. I made a reservation on OpenTable and was thrilled to see that it was 1,000 points! Go during the week for this reason - it is definitely worth it.
On Thursdays, they have happy hour all night, so drinks and appetizers were on special which was awesome. The mac n cheese, nachos, and cheese steak dumplings were delicious. For my entree, I got the salmon BLT, which was good too. We sat in this very cute outdoor area that was perfect for a summer night. The inside ambience looked fun, too.
My only issues with Kings Oak were as follows:
-The beer we ordered was on HH special for $4, but they were out of it. The waitress recommended another beer, which we ordered, but that was not on special and never mentioned, so we were charged $7 for those. If you're going to put an outdated menu on the table, honor the HH prices for the new beers.
-Instead of checking us in when we arrived, the host cancelled our reservation from OpenTable. I didn't realize until the next day, and I had to contact their support team which was a little annoying, especially because the reservation was 1,000 points.
I wouldn't let either of those issues deter me from coming back; I will just be more cognizant in the future.I am a seafood lover I go anywhere there's seafood. I came on seafood night Tuesday's. When they 1st started this it was snow crabs and mussels OMG the best I ever had! But the last time I was there thus yr. I didn't any of the seafood but the snow crabs. Please get that great cook back who slaid the mussels! Please!!I would like to thank my awesome waiter name dion for a great experience and great option on choices of food . This was me and my husband first experience and it won't be the last. 
Thanks.... the ParkersCame here for brunch at their new spot by North Shore. The menu looked good but once our food came out (30 minutes later) most of the dishes looked like they were off the kids' menu. Whatever "filet mignon" they're using in a bunch of options on the menu is comparable to steak-ums. Doubtful that I'll be back for anything other than their wing night on Mondays. It's a bummer because this place has a lot of potential.Our waitress was nice. Being there with my friends made our stay nice, but the food was not that great regarding FLAVOR! It was about 15 of us so we practically tried the whole menu, and let me just say that the bottles of SALT & PEPPER shakers were constantly being passed around because everything tastes bland. The only thing we agreed that tasted good was the Pot Pie. The veggies were not seasoned at all-just cooked on a plate, Mac and Cheese very dry--not cheesy(just elbow macaroni and dry crumbled cheese). I could go on and on but I wouldn't recommend coming here to eat, just drinks.Great for brunch, nothing is better than a pitcher of mimosas.  On a recent visit the kitchen was very slow and disorganized, 2 of our 4 diners waited an additional 15 minutes to receive their food.  The server and manager were great, they offered to comp some drinks before we even had the chance to complain about waiting for our meals.  There are some interesting flavors for brunch (all the variations on eggs benedict are great).  Don't order the biscuit and gravy if you're hungry, it's tiny.I love this place. Their food is phenomenal and the atmosphere outside is perfect! Their bloody mary's are AMAZING!The food was just ok.  It's nothing to jump up and go visit, I was expecting so much more.After visiting King's Oak, I was most certainly impressed. I had gone to the old location a couple of times in the past and it was never anything to write home about. I recall it being very "bro-y" and loud. This time, things were much different. I had showed up with 3 others Sunday around dinner time and we were promptly seated in their GLORIOUS outdoor place by, who we later found out, was their GM Matt who gave us the low-down in regards to the menus and restaurant week options. We were then greeted by a pleasant server and at the time, the only server in the whole restaurant. We still needed some more time but we had decided on the white sangria pitcher. Let me tell you, it was incredible! Between the service of Matt and our server, we had our food and drinks in a timely manner and everything was delicious. My boyfriend and I split a pound of honey sriracha wings and each got the spicy chicken sandwich. I don't have a single complaint about either. Absolutely delicious. Our two friends did the restaurant week, 3 course option and of course we tried a bit of everything they had as well. The mussels were UNREAL! I will definitely be back to get some of those for myself. All in all, it was an extremely pleasant experience and Matt, the GM, had come out before we had left to leave just to assure that we were satisfied with our experience. Small things like that are what really make the difference for me. We will be returning to Kings Oak time and time again.If you're in the piazza area, check out this spot. We went on a Saturday night, not too crowded. They were able to seat us outside. We ordered drinks and some food. 
The truffle fries are delicious!!! The dumplings and wings are average. Basically they have your regular bar food but it's a good place to come sit outside in the nice weather and chill with your friends. Drinks are regular philly price.Kings Oak Sunday brunch menu, much like communism, looked better on paper than in practice. Everything was so off that Kings Oak makes "lesser" restaurants (i.e. Applebees) appear gastronomic geniuses by comparison.  I'll start with the GOOD:   1) EVERYTHING, from service to the kitchen was so inept/sub par that we had fun laughing about it (but we still had to pay). Our server promptly asked us if we wanted some "drinkskis" which ended up coming 10-15 minutes later at the same time as our brunchski! Was she very busy? If she was she, and we, weren't aware. After we got our drinkskis & brunchskis, we had to ask for silverwareskis- and napkins that weren't a pile of tiny cocktail napkins. I got a finger licking chicken biscuit breakfast sandwich. Not sure if the chicken was breaded or not because it came looking/tasting (over) grilled covered with fried bits from the bottom of the fryer, bacon, sausage, a fried egg, yesterday's gravy, & a biscuit that tasted like they let the apprentice cook it because he saw it on YouTube once. After we barely touched our food, I was completely taken aback when the hostess asked if she could clear our plates- & took ALL of our drinks as well, including fresh refills & a half-full adult beverage! Oh well, I guess I shouldn't have expected too much from an establishment that thinks it a good idea to put a burger in a drink.Cool spot for like a happy hours. I absolutely love the atmosphere! The kitchen closed way earlier than I expected and the drinks are a bit pricy but all in all a good time.It was ok. My girlfriend and I ordered sliders and a salad and the good was tasty but not superb. There were only two waitstaff for the Sunday evening before memorial day--no one greeted us at the door for a good minute or two--but they were still pretty on top of their game.Came to the all you can eat seafood Thursday's and they ran out of mussels, the servers are unorganized, & they don't have a good variety of spirits. The manager did work with me on the bill but I am still not satisfied with tonight's visit and I will not be back.I got here  on a weird morning. Tried to sit in the dining area and it was full so I ended up at the bar. It was eerily quiet because the management couldn't get the tvs to work. I thought it was a bad omen until Mike the bartender/server started greeted me.  Nice guy, he was the perfect amount of attentive and informative. The fried chicken biscuit was rich and tasty.  It reminded me of Eggs Benedict. If you want to sit in the dining area (which had a 10% discount you can access when you check in) you should make a reservation.Came for drinks. Had a splendid time. Was in on a Saturday before Memorial Day, kinda empty but it nice to have the place sorta to ourselves. Service was great.This review is based solely on last nights experience, as we had been to the old location and had a mediocre meal.
We went for the $5 burger night, and I must say the burger may have been one of the best I've ever had! The burger comes with tomato and (shredded) lettuce, then you can upgrade to fried egg, bacon, pickles and anything else your heart desires.  We went pretty bare bones and just added a fried egg and it was perfect!  The fries were awesome as well!
I wish they had a better happy hour, and better beer selection!Came in here with my boyfriend after being displeased with another restaurant and def had a great time. Food was great and drinks weren't too bad. I ordered a pineapple and watermelon creamsicle and he had two coronas. The atmosphere was nice and the staff were super friendly. I gave this place 4 stars only because we waited about 30 mins for our food to come... But overall great place, would def come again.Looking for a new Brunch experience for my group, I made reservations as I went to their old location once and had a good experience so I was eager to see what the new location was like. 
Before we even set foot in the place, I needed to adjust our reservations. They were very accommodating and friendly. While I waited for my party to arrive, I was graciously entertained by Victor at the bar. He did something that I have yet to see any other bartender do - actually shake a patrons hand. You won me! We bonded over our experience at North Shore's private pool parties. 
Our server, Angela, was a complete sweetheart and very attentive. The food was amazing! i ordered the Omelette and a side of French Toast, others ordered Bennys, Finger Lickin Chicken Biscuit, Sides exclusively, and a few other items. All of our food came out at the same time and it was hot - not just warm but fresh off the grill hot! We topped our order off with a $25 Pitcher of Bellinis. 
Not sure what this place is like during the week but I can guarantee we'll be back again for Brunch. Thanks Victor and Angela for making this a wonderful experience.Calling all foodies!  Ok, so my wife and I went here last night and the food was amazing!  I highly recommend this place...nice work Kings Oak.  We'll be back soon.Love this place!  The bartenders are very social and know their stuff alcohol wise. It really is always a good time. Jenny is friendly and engaging- no one feels left out. Fantastic spot for happy hoursI have enjoyed meals at Kings Oak in the past but my last time there was anything but. There was a Tuesday night seafood special with $5.00 margaritas. The food looked and tasted like it was from a bad cafeteria and the drinks were a ripoff.  
Come on kings oak... Your better than that.New location. Great food. 
Haven't been here for a year but highly impressed with their new and improved menu. The new location is bigger and also flaunts an outdoor space that would be great for warm weather. 
We got the eggs Benedict and fontina flat bread with a side of bacon and a pitcher of mimosa. Highly recommend this place if you want a full belly and a bit tipsy.I don't really know what to think about the new location !!! I think I was so used to going to the old venue and loved it so much that their new spot is kind of underwhelming for me!! Been there a number of times since they moved and every time I have been there it has been pretty empty which is kind of disappointing to be honest considering the crowd they used to pull in at the old location !! The service and food are still great though !!!I've been to kings oak a few times now. Food is good but the service was better. Grace was one of the best servers I have ever had. She was polite and extremely helpful. She remembered our group and made us feel very welcome. Amanda is also an excellent bartender.Amazing Brunch! Belllini pitcher was on point! I tried the Chicken with bacon, egg, and gravy on a biscuit. It was amazing.Truly great service, food, and atmosphere. This is now a regular brunch spot.I love this place! It has been my go to brunch spot! Can't beat $20 pitchers of bloody Mary's or mimosa! The new location is nice and they are always fast with bringing our order. We always split the bruschetta eggs Benedict meal (forget what is really called it's something like that) and the parfait. Love it here and will always come back!I'm giving this place for stars because of the food and ambience. I walked in an it was kind of dark but the place was very nice. I was impressed with the outdoor patio which I'm sure I'll do next time I visit. I decided to go on a Tuesday so that I could take advantage of the all-you-can-eat seafood night which is $30 per person and well worth it. The food was amazing. I had everything from crabs,shrimp, muscles , fish tacos ,clams ,fries and a salad and of course a Margarita to wash it down. Grace our waitress informed us we cld only have one plate at a time which was no big deal cause we weren't in a rush. I started out with the mussells which came in a deelishous cream sauce  but they do have red as well. We ordered a round of Margaritas with sugar on the rim in honor of Cinco De Mayo! Everything came out an was going great! Had to ask for lime for my Margaritas thgh. So we ordered another round of drinks only this time they came out with Salt . So we're waiting on Grace to bring out next round of food which resulted in us waiting 10-15 between each serving. So now I'm force to drink this salty drink which I cldnt do ..yuck! So I informed grace she gave me the wrong drink and she took it away. So my girlfriend asked her why the delay with the food an she told us everything is made to order ..ok no problem but if that's the case take our order for the next round when you deliver an order so that we are not sitting here waiting to eat. So when Grace decides to come check on us I ask her if my drink was coming an she said I drank it. I said No it was more than half full an I told you it had salt on it. So why wouldn't you bring me another drink. What's so hard abt that! She gets huffy with her responses an then send over the manager Matt. Matt was awesome he apologized an sat with us an asked what he could do to make things right. He removed our entire drink order. That was awesome! So that's why I gave 4 stars good food and nice place, so I'm not gonna let that incident keep me from coming back.Went for drinks Friday... Bartender made one of the best whiskey sours I've had in quite some time.. And love the truffle fries.. YumAmbiance: Their new location is at North shore. I like the couches in the corner that you can reserve for games with your friends. But honestly, the TVs are kind of small for a "sports bar" if you're trying to watch the game. The bar is okay .. I honestly liked the old location a little better! 
Food:
I got their French Onion soup which I hate hate hate to say.. but it was really bad. It was mostly just salty, had no depth of flavor at all. It didn't have that sweetness that slowly cooked down onions have. It almost tasted like.. canned campbells French onion soup with melted cheese .. sad to say sorry. 
My friends seemed to enjoy their Chicken Pot Pie, and I had some fried pickle spears which were fried well
Overall I wouldn't call this place THE destination. It's A destination. Somewhere you can get together with your friends, grab a drink or two and hang out. Drinks are OK priced. I got a golden monkey for $7Came here on a Sunday night for their AYCE eat wings for 10 bucks (with endless fries). The quality is what you would expect from a deal like this - thawed fries and ok wings. Four flavors - Thai chili, honey sriracha, BBQ, and buffalo - served from buffet style warmers. Inconsistently warm as well as inconsistently sauced, which didn't endear it to me. But it's a great value deal, which is normally my most important parameter in food; I'm just not crazy about wings in general, hence the three stars. Other things: standard-y sports bar, with lots of TVs and such. They have a cool outdoor patio/pool setup, which I've seen hopping during warmer months. 
Nov 2015 - they currently have the misfortune of having their entire storefront blocked by a giant construction barrier along their street.Brunch is spectacular here. The mimosas pitchers are well mixed - my concern was that it would be more OJ than *other* ingredients but no, these are delicious.  Brunch is hearty and there are many delightful and unique benedict offerings. The other brunch options vary from traditional breakfast fare to fancy options like fruity pebbles french toast. It's a great mix! Outdoor seating under the pergola is perfect in the spring and summer. Please come here. You will wonder why you waited so long and calculate when you can come back.
Quick tip - parking across the street. Just go.New location beats the old by a king shot. Shockingly good bar food - beats the pants if some of the other local spots.  Bar service was pretty quick even when crowded.This place is awesome! They have great food and a pretty nice variety of craft beers. My boyfriend and I love trying out new places especially ones with 1000 points on open table. We have been here for dinner several times and it has yet to disappoint. I'd recommend this to anyone looking for a relaxing night out at a reasonable price. The only reason I gave it 4 stars was due to the parking. It's an unpaved parking lot and when it rains it gets very muddy.Some friends of mine and I decided to meet at Kings Oak for a low-key Friday night outing; a few drinks... some food, then to bed nice and early.  We're gettin' old.  We selected Kings Oak as our venue.
We were seated in an awkward booth/table.  As a party of 5, one of us was kind of hanging off the end, but we're a low key group.  We made it work.  The beers were lovely.  We ordered food... way too much food, and most of it was also ok.  Not the best thing I've ever ate... but it sure got the job done.  I asked for the Salmon BLT hold the bacon... but then my friend wanted the bacon.  We asked if they could just give it to him... but it came out on my plate on top of part of my salad... which negated my motivating factors for not eating bacon- i don't eat meat.  I was kind of grossed out, but i just kind of slid it onto my friends plate and didn't make a big deal about it.
The truffle fries were amazing.  Definitely worth a shout out as the highlight of my meal.  
The oddest part was at the end of our dining experience.  We had 5 people paying... and we gave 1 person the cash... and she paid a minimal balance with her card.  Because the total on her card, our waiter reminded us to tip him on the full value- not what we charged on the card.  We're 30 year old grown adults who have never stiffed a server before.  We bathe daily, and conduct ourselves with a degree of refinement that I should hope doesn't scream 'I'll screw you on a tip'.  We've been tipping successfully for YEARS.  
After a fine meal with ok service, that sort of sunk the ship.  We all left kind of shaking our heads.  Of course we left him a fine tip.. but that was the plan all along.  
I don't think we'll be back anytime soon.  There are just too many other cooler places with good food, good service, and that don't treat me like a child.It's a Sunday afternoon and some friends from out of town are up to visit and we all think to ourselves, "I could go for a beer and some food". So, being new to the Northern Liberties, neighborhood, I wasn't completely familiar with all of the restaurants around me. I've been to the Piazza more times than I can count and always walked past Kings Oak because it gave off a "sports bar" vibe and didn't really seem appealing. Well, I decided, why not. 
My friends and I went to their new location actually outside the Piazza, adjacent to the adorable dog park and North Shore pool club. The place was pretty empty which was nice and we were immediately seated outside. Our server was very nice, patient, and made some great recommendations. However, a very large party came in and demanded all of her attention. In that interim, the general manager, Matt came up to the plate to give us a hand. His manners, professionalism, and overall skill were nothing to be reckoned with. 
Our food came out incredible and promptly as well as our pitcher of Sangria. While our server was tied up, Matt ensured our satisfaction was up to par. What a fantastic experience from a sports bar, who would have thought? I will definitely make a return visit! Thanks again Kings Oak staff!I would never come to this place ever again! Valentines day weekend my girlfriend and I came for some good food and drinks. As soon as we arrived we seated ourselves at the bar. It took about 5 minutes before the Bartender tended to us which was absolutely fine.(*Note) It was only 5 other people at the bar, not to mention the bar wasn't busy nor packed at all. When  the Bartender finally decides to come over he picked up a hand full of napkins and tossed them at my girlfriend and I,  and then stated that was his magic trick! Now I'm a person with a big sense of humor and I love magic tricks, but if u ask me what he did was disrespectful and rude. Also before even arriving to the restaurant,  my girlfriend called  to see what time they'd be closing. No one even gave us or I'm pretty sure anyone a heads up informing us that the restaurant would be  blocked  off due to construction. It was like an obstacle course trying to find the entrance. Smh... Btw the bartender's name was (KYLE)The worst experience EVER!!!! My husband and I checked this place out for the first time today (all you can eat seafood on Tuesday nights) and we sat 2 HOURS and was only served twice. The servings were very small and the shrimp were cold. When we tried to place the third round order we waited 30 minutes and no one still served us. I finally asked to speak with management who apologized and said the kitchen was extremely overwhelmed. Smh. Not sure how you don't staff a restaurant properly on a night like this when you are advertising all you can eat seafood.  The table next to us was experiencing the same problem. Not a good place to eat at all. If you are thinking of going - CHANGE YOUR MIND!  Keep your hard earned money in your pocket.This place is also listed under Monarch Philly. 
They opened 5 days ago and they ARE NOT READY!!!! Staff is confused, the place is literally hidden under a fence+ broken sidewalks. 
Our MIMOAS were served in a blue BUD LIGHT pitcher.  And out champagne glasses....plastic!!!Out-freakin-standing. I booked a party of 15 people here for my boyfriend's birthday brunch last Saturday. Having never been here before, I wasn't sure what to expect space-wise, but they had more than enough room to accommodate our rowdy group. 
Before I get to the food/drinks, I need to mention that these 5 stars come from really really ridiculously great service. Half of our party arrived late, and everyone at the hostesses desk was so forgiving and easy going. Our waitress was also a BOSS. We had one rowdy member that was good-naturedly harassing her and she took it like a champ. 
Pitchers of mimosas were strong and free flowin, just like I like em. Food-wise, everybody got something different, and I heard no complaints. I sampled the cheesesteak wontons, 2 eggs scrambled with cheese, and the BLT slider. 
I really have nothing bad to say about this place and I will for sure be back.Fantastic. Great atmosphere, and the Bellini pitchers are on point. Great alternative to mimosas at brunch. Service is great, and everyone was super pleased with their meals. I had a breakfast burrito (great -- though it would benefit from some avocado). I would definitely recommend to friends.Kings Oak became one of my favorite brunch spots after their reopening this summer. Great Bloody Mary options and quick service. The bartenders are very friendly and even made a specialty drink not on their menu for my boyfriend! 
The outdoor section is adorable and their convenient location next to North Shore makes the atmosphere very lively.This place is delicious!  All you can eat seafood night was amazing!  Best server is Dion!! Never missed a beat and we were a tough crowd!! 
2 kids were happy as can be and the husband, who can eat a cow and is never full, was a content man after stuffing his belly with the Fish Tacos, red and white mussels, he ate all his popcorn shrimp and his Alaskan crab legs. 
I had the crab legs, peeled shrimp and popcorn shrimp and couldn't eat another thing if I tried!  Although you have to order one dish at a time, Dion was on top of the ordering and it came out one after the other!
Highly recommended!My boyfriend and I had an awful breakfast experience here on Sunday. We arrived at 11:30 am to a practically empty restaurant. The hostess never properly greeted us or smiled. She abruptly asked if we had reservations (um no? Your restaurant is empty and there are only two of us). Her attitude and general unpleasantness turned us off from the start. For some reason, she sat us at a high top table directly in back of another couple. The tables were so close I felt like I was sitting on top of the girl in back of me! Our chairs were so uncomfortably close that my boyfriend and I ended up picking up our table and inching it over a little. Mind you, this restaurant had a majority of empty tables and she chose to seat us practically in someone's lap! 
I was not in the mood for anything too outrageous so I went with your standard 2 eggs over medium, wheat toast, and pork bacon. I have had their pork bacon once before and knew exactly what to expect... a THICK, delicious slab of bacon. It was actually one of the reasons we decided to go to King's Oak. However, my order came out with your standard run of the mill bacon. It looked NOTHING like it had before. A lady at the table next to me had the exact bacon that I had previously remembered and another side of bacon came out later in the meal that looked exactly like I had before. I asked the waitress about my bacon and she claimed that "mine was cooked more." This was clearly an excuse for "we gave you the wrong type of bacon and we are too lazy to fix it." Not only was it unlike the other sides of bacon in appearance, mine came with 3 slices (of mediocre bacon) whereas their side had 1 piece. Clearly this was NOT the same bacon and not the one I had asked for. Additionally, my side of wheat toast came out as white which they did replace but not before my eggs went cold. I know that asking for "over medium" eggs is specific, but the point is that I don't want extremely runny egg yolks. I unfortunately received just that....goopy, runny egg yolks. I was so frustrated by them messing up the most SIMPLE order on the menu that I didn't bother to send them back. My boyfriend went with the Smoked Salmon eggs Benedict and was less than impressed. His dish was average at best. 
I will not be returning to Kings Oak. I previously had a very lackluster happy hour experience there as well. I could have made a much better breakfast at home!Being a local business owner, I've been to kings oak numerous times, going back to their soft opening comedy night. Probably make my way there for atleast a beer twice a month and have sampled a good part of the menu. I've never had a problem, til today. Our group got split up finishing some corn hole at the piazza, we walk up, 3 guy 3 girls, security tells us guys have to wait. 15 minutes later the rest of our group shows up 4 guys 5 girls and the girls walk in, security tells the guys they can go in. I ask why we didn't get in with the ladies we came with, security gets in my face and says, "you got a problem we can do this, we're a private security company we don't care". Seriously walked away insulted, I only expect that at clubs at night, aggressive security on a beautiful Sunday afternoon ruins everything. I feel bad about leaving this review based off this one bad experience, especially for a neighbor, but this needs to be fixed.Worst service for brunch I've had in Philly. Food came out at separate times and had to wait 10 minutes for it all to be here. Was excited to then dig in and realized there was a hair in my eggs and the steak was cold.
No apologies for the wait or rough service from anyone...
If your looking for a good brunch spot in No Libs, would recommend never coming to Kings Oak.Surprisingly delicious pizza, and although the service can be a bit on the clumsy side, their friendliness more than makes up for it.  I have eaten at King's Oak a few times and shall return again.Significant other and I were looking for a place to catch the UCLA/UVA game after a long day of sightseeing in Philly. We were also trying to stay out of the main part of the city, as we happened to make the massive mistake of trying to visit during the Made in America music festival. Kings Oak totally fit the bill!
The place was pretty deserted at 5.30 PM on a Saturday evening. It is right across the street from a new pool / day club, which as las vegas residents, made us chuckle. We can't seem to get away! 
The host was very helpful and kind in helping us to change one of the televisions to the needed channel. Bartender (Dave? Mike?) was very friendly and chatty and helped select some delicious beer options. 
Overall, great little bar with TVs for sports and delicious beer options.This place has the best specials in the area, if not the city! 3hr happy hour with cheap drinks & food, AYCE wing night, AYCE seafood night, etc... they have something going on every night of the week! And sat/sun BRUNCH?! Pitchers of Mimosas or Bloody's for $20?! The menu options are delicious, the staff is friendly & the new location next to North Shore is a huge step up from the piazza. Kings Oak never lets me down.I was really looking forward to coming to kings oak for brunch. The menu looks so delicious. Well the food was very good but that's about it. The service was pathetic. It wasn't that busy when we arrived. Our server Grace took about 15-20 minutes just to get our drinks. The orange juice was bad (as in old) and our coffee was cold. She told she was brewing a fresh pot, which took about a half an hour. The second cup of coffee was also cold and Grace thought it was appropriate to argue with me. Like I would make that up! She was not apologetic in the least. And when we handed her the bill she smirked without saying thank you or anything!! I'm not sure if she thinks because she works at a trendy place that behavior is acceptable but I will not be returning. EVER!I have been to Kings Oak many times in the past and had a few minor questionable incidents (wait for food and quality of food mostly) but overall enjoyed it. I kept coming and would always bring a pretty large group of family and/or friends. It is walkable from where I live and I appreciate the environment/atmosphere. 
Unfortunately, I had the worst dining experience here on Friday and decided I will not be coming back ever again. It took almost 20 minutes for our drinks to arrive, the food (only ordered apps) an hour. It was not very crowded either. There was not one apology or explanation for the wait. I was with 3 people. I had wine which was fine. The other 2 people I was with ordered Bud Lights, which were completely flat. There was no head on the beer, no bubbles, and almost gave off a chlorine type after taste. One person ordered another to see if it was our imagination and the waitress came back with 2 beers, though the other person did not order one. One of the two beers was flat and one was good. We thought maybe the tap was changed and that it would be OK to drink from here on out. We ordered 2 more and they were both completely flat again, no bubbles, no head, and tasted bad. We are not complainers but between the wait for the food and multiple (5) bad beers, both people asked to switch out for different beer - a pumpkin cider and a Hogarden. The waitress took the full beers, grunted , and seemed annoyed. Not one apology, which would have went a very long way with us. She came back with 2 ciders (that is not what we ordered) and she rudely said, "hopefully this is better for you." We didn't want to complain again and the waitress didn't really come around much so we drank the beers though one was the wrong beer. The food was terrible. I am not a picky eater or drinker in the least bit. The muscles had absolutely no sauce. They were completely dry, looked like a few dabs of sauce were maybe put on with a sponge. I've never seen or tasted muscles like that in my life. They were fishy, salty, and dry. We ate maybe 5 and the the waitress asked if we were done. We said "yes" and she never asked if there was an issue with them like I expected her to. The shrimp were blan but with a fishy taste, which were also awful. The wings and truffle fries were good. That was the only acceptable part of the meal. I regretted not saying something at the restaurant but didn't want to spoil the night and we figured we would cut our losses. We had the rest of the weekend ahead of us and didn't need to start on the wrong foot. 
When the check came, we ended up being charged for the 2 returned Bud Lights and the 2 ciders, which is absolutely ridiculous. We paid over $80 for 2 glasses of of wine, flat beers, beer we didn't order and a few horrible apps.  I am shocked there was literally not one apology or maybe a free drink thrown in. Being charged for returned beer and ones we did not order amazed me. 
Oh, and the construction outside is a huge eyesore. I stepped on a rock and actually bruised my foot. That is my fault and you can't really help construction, especially in a place being built up, but it doesn't help considering the experience we had. 
I wonder if this restaurant is going under. They aren't open every day like they used to be and it really seemed like no one cared from the wait staff to the cooks.Awesome staff! Forgot the new guy's name who sat us at table 20 tonight. But his energy is awesome, a great edition to an AWESOME STAFF! DION SIMPLY FANTASTIC AND PHENOMENAL!  The construction sucks and kick rocks! But King Oaks is well worth climbing through the rough!! For STELLAR DIAMOND SERVICE, FOOD, DRINKS AND AMBIANCE! !!Had a great experience nice atmosphere and great service!!! Good food!!! The huervos ranchero was amazing !!!!Went to Kings Oak for the first time last night specifically to try their all you can eat seafood. This is my new favorite spot..love the location (although current street construction makes it a bit difficult to find), the decor, the service (spectacular - Dion was the best) and the food and drinks. Had the peach long island iced tea, snow crabs, popcorn shrimp, fries, and salad. Everything was delicious and our server kept the goodies coming. 
Looking forward to trying their regular menu next.In town for the weekend with a lot of family and a one and a half year old we needed a place to eat a good brunch and accommodate our crazy family and friends. Our close friends recommended this place saying "they have a awesome French toast with cannoli on it!" Which of coarse won us all over! We called and made a reservation for 10 and were excited to check out this place. 
All sat and ready to eat, our server gets our waters and drinks very fast. Took orders very smoothly and checked on us at the right times. Great job! 
We ordered a French toast and fruit cup for my daughter, who was being good but also being loud at some points... The guests around us didn't seem to mind, there was a 2 1/2 walking around and ended up playing dolls with my daughter, it was cute... Anyway, fruit cup is really good! Most of the time you expect melons and grapes maybe oranges, but here you get watermelon, blueberrys, strawberries it's awesome my daughter loved it all! 
My wife got "The Holy Cannoli - Challah Bread Stuffed with House Made Cannoli Filling, 
Whipped Cream & Melba sauce, Berry Compote topped with Maple Syrup and a Mini Cannoli" which looked amazing and as her and the table agreed, was really good. I didn't try it because I wasn't that hungry, and saving the room I had for the "Finger Lickin' Fried Chicken Biscuit - Buttermilk Fried Chicken with Bacon and a Fried Egg on a Buttermilk Biscuit with Country Sausage Gravy" which was huge! The fried chicken was cooked perfectly and the crust was nice and crunchy, the biscuit was nice and soft, and the gravy so yum! Fried egg was a tad over cooked on the bottom and made the yolk barely runny. Happens, or maybe it was meant to not be runny, I wasn't asked how I wanted it cooked, so I didn't really have expectations for cook temp. Anyway I ate it all but the second biscuit I was too stuffed! 
Def eat here! It's nice, service and food are great. The patio area is clean and awesome to sit in on a perfect day like today was, the overhead tree branches provide ample coverage from the sun.We went for late night foods.
Got there at 11:40 even though the kitchen closed at midnight and got fast great service at the bar.
Their salmon BLT is pretty good!  The food is pretty standard and well-made.  The price point can be a little high for some of the options but they were reasonable for such a nice and comfortable environment.  It was definitely worth a try.Yelp mobile check-in and get 10% off for dine in!
The Bloody Mary here is not terrific - there was way too much horseradish, not enough tobasco, and not enough tomato. It tasted like watered down pitcher of horseradish which gave it an extremely bitter aftertaste for me.  On the bright side, it is $25 for a pitcher (at least on Saturday early afternoon) which  comes with 6 glasses.  My girlfriend just got a mimosa for $5 which she seemed to have very much enjoyed given that she had 3 of those suckers.
The side of Canadian bacon was a just a hilarious disappointment.  As Ben Stiller would say, they were Canadian bacons for ants.  It was three morsels of ham, each about 2 inches in diameter - all of which were overcooked and dried.
The cheesesteak dumplings were delicious, except for the dryness of the filling. It came with 5 small pieces put on a plate drizzled with sriracha ketchup, which thy could have given more of.  But I'm sure they'd be more than happy to if we had asked. And it also came with a mini tub of cheese whiz.  A small tub of melted provolone cheese would have been banging.
The egg omlette I got with bacon was pretty standard, Short an simple.  The omlette itself is $8 and is a $1 each for each additional filing you want.  It comes with home fries and white/wheat toast.
The service was very nice, but got very slow towards the end for some reason, even though the place had emptied out.The new location has a cozy, laid back atmosphere. It allows you to relax from the minute you walk in with a fireplace and couches. The bartender was really attentive and made us feel welcome. It's a good place to watch a football game or grab drinks with friends. They have 3 huge tvs above the bar and many others in the main room. The mixed drinks are pretty good also. I had one with vodka, vanilla liquor, and ginger ale which was refreshing. I'll have to go back to try another.Had a great salmon burger. Came here to enjoy some good eats and St. Patty's day debauchery. Haven't been disappointed.Great atmosphere!!! Great food!!  Friendly staff. Really like this place. DJ on Saturday nights. Give it a try.I gotta say, this place kinda rocks...! I came here for a saturday morning brunch with a big group and we were all super impressed by the menu. Literally everything looked so good! It was hard to make up my mind -- I ended up going with the Breakfast Burrito though and was glad I did, soo good. Their Eggs Benedict selection is amazing too, they have like 8 different kinds! I tried my friends "Benny Franklin", which is basically a cheesesteak-style eggs bene -- AMAZING. I kinda wish I had gotten it, but again, my burrito was bomb. They had some hilarious and tasty-sounding drinks too, my favorite being the Slam Pig and the Pancakes & Bacon shot lol...creative and delicious! The service was super awesome and the manager was very sweet and attentive to our big group. Next time I'm in Philly I'll be back!Food good, staff friendly, and calamari is great.Oh Kings Oak... I had heard so many mixed reviews about you, but I'm so glad I tried you for myself!
My roomie and I came on Build Your Own Burger night, and that is what we both did. It was a Wednesday around 7:30pm, and the place was pretty empty. The food still took a while to come, but boy was it worth the wait! I'm not picky about how my meat is cooked at all, I tend to just order medium and enjoy whatever I get, but I must say this burger was cooked perfectly. It was tender and juicy and delicious, and a good size, as our waitress promised. The sweet potato fries were drizzled with a light caramel and there was a cinnamon sauce for dipping them. I wasn't expecting my sweet potato fries to taste like dessert, but they were amazing! When I wasn't feeling all the sweetness, I just dipped them in ketchup, and weirdly enough, the caramel and ketchup combo was surprisingly tasty. 
The place itself was very nice. We were sitting by a window and it was still warm despite the cold outside. The booth was comfortable, and they played good music. This may not seem like a big deal, but I was also very impressed with the lighting - dim enough to be cozy, but still bright enough to see.
Our waitress was very nice and very attentive. She didn't write down our orders, which were complicated (at least I think they were because we built our own burgers). The only thing she missed was my bacon, which is not a big deal because all things considered she did an excellent job. I wasn't going to say anything, but my roomie brought it up in case they charged me for bacon I didn't get. Not only did our waitress bring me extra bacon, they took it off the bill, which was above and beyond what I expected. 
We got dessert to go, and I haven't had a chance to eat it yet but it looks and smells amazing and I have no doubt it will be. They put the ice cream in a separate container for us so it wouldn't melt on the way home and so we could store the ice cream in the freezer and the dessert in the fridge, which was incredible forethought on their part. They were out of flourless chocolate cake, which was a bummer, but we did come late and I'm sure I'll really love the chocolate lava cake they recommended.
And now I'll stop because I wrote a novel on this place. Tl;dr: I'll definitely be back for another Build Your Own Burger night!So we've been to this place for all you can eat crabs on a Tuesday night, not bad.  This past Memorial Day we were walking around the area and decided to sit and eat here, it was about 7 when we sat down.  We did not get our food until after 8pm.  When I went in to ask about it, I asked the bartender if I could speak with the manager on duty.  She said oh can I ask why, I said we don't want to complain but we've been waiting an hour for our food & we have two small kids with us.  She said oh I'm sorry she's in the kitchen trying to deal with the back up, let me get her.  The manager came out about 10 min's later and basically acted like she could care less.  She tried to tell me the ticket only came in 20 min's before we got our food.  Which is still long considering we got salads & sliders but as a parent I was checking my watch to make sure we weren't keeping the kids out late so I know exactly what time we ordered at.  Our server may have been super busy & not entered our food when she took the order but to have the manager act the way she did and to basically argue with us, that was beyond rude and unprofessional!  I worked in the industry for many years, i was not being rude we were just trying to find out what was going on with our food.  I have never been talked to or treated the way we were that night by that manager.  Oh she did offer us a free dessert, wow thanks!  Then we got our bill, paid and left.  When I got home and read the bill we had been charged for two items we never order or received so now I find out on top of all of this we paid $15 more then we should have...I am beyond disgusted with this place!This is my favorite brunch spot (and to put this in perspective, I live within a block and a half of both Green Eggs and Honey's). For brunch, the drink specials can't be beat... $2 for a mimosa/bloody mary/bellini or $12 for a pitcher! If you are really hungry - get the breakfast burger, it is AMAZING! I also get the huevos rancheros a lot and it is a delicious dish. Great spot to hang out for a while, taking advantage of the mimosa pitchers. Sometimes pretty busy but never a wait like a lot of the other NoLibs brunch spots get. Very accommodating to large groups (even without a reservation) and good for the family as well. 
As far as the dinner menu, I liked it a LOT better before the "revamped" menu. The pizza was great but they took out the ovens. The new menu is maybe a bit "stuffier" than it should be based on the bar/restaurant, but the sliders are tasty, specialty martinis are DELICIOUS and they have some great drink and dinner specials throughout the week. Its a good spot to watch a game, too... lots of TVs and they always seem to have some sort of special during the sporting events. And I have found that they are usually willing to change the channel on one of TVs if there is something different that you want to be watching. Overall, I love this place!Had my wife's 30th b-day party at Kings Oak and was extremely impressed with the venue, food, and service. We rented the back room which opened up to the patio where a section of tables were roped off for guests. It was a beautiful night and there were plenty of people milling around the Piazza, giving the party a very upbeat feel. Food (light appetizers) proved to be exactly what I had in mind, and the staff was great about ensuring that nothing ran out for guests. Bartender taking care of the party was great and was more than happy (and capable) to handle unique drink requests.I have dined at Kings Oak quite a few times now. Each time there have been great specials, including all you can eat wings and all you can eat crab nights! The ambiance is great to catch up with friends and relax outdoors on a nice night. Great food and great service. Can't wait to go back!Is it possible to truly hate a restaurant? I mean, yes, duh. But this is one of the very few places that I hate and has not given me food poisoning (like Cuba libre).
Everything about this place is just plain bad. Wait, I guess I like the outdoor seating and the decor is decent or something... But everything else, bad. 
Service? Bad. I saw our server like, twice. Once to grab our order, the other to get our money. I used to be a server for 14 years and I know your job is hard but at least be apologetic if you disappear for awhile! Tipping isn't compulsory. You don't deserve a tip; you earn it.  
Food? Bad. Mussels were really dirty and I got a mouthful of crap with almost every bite. The broth itself was bland too. I ended up eating much less than half of the dish. My BFF made faces during her entire meal and they were not pretty ones either and she's really pretty so you know it is serious. Not one of us in the group of 6 finished our food nor did we ask to take it home. Not like we could have anyway... Our server never came back.Lots of TVs, and a great beer selection.  There's a nice mix of regular tables and high-tops of different sizes to accommodate different groups.
It was pretty dead on Saturday night of memorial day weekend. Not sure of the average weekend night.
Thai wings were delicious. We ended up getting a second order and sharing them again with dinner! Ask for them extra-crispy though.  Hummus app was good to share- on the larger size. Burger slider was delicious too. 
We didn't have enough to really rate this place as a 3 or 5 star, but I would definitely try it again.The sliders and small plates are fantastic! Great, friendly service, good place to watch the game!5 Reasons you should do King Oaks on a Saturday night:
1. $5 Vodka drinks from 10-12 pm aka late happy hour.
2. AMAZING DJ rocking old school Tupac all the way to Beyonce
3. Food is served until late, and there is plenty of seating
4. No matter the weather, you can always find a group of drunken dancers in skanky outfits her. READ: Be ready to mingle singles...and buy drinks boys.
5. Bartenders are super friendly...which NEVER happens.
Drinks, Dancing and Drunks....why would you not come here?I went for the tail end of brunch.  It is clearly geared more to a social gathering than for an individual but as I am a local business owner I just went because it was convenient.  
I had the burger, ordered medium rare.  It arrived almost well done with both the burger and the roll showing and tasting charred.  I was on a lunch break and the service was already slow so I didn't want to return it to the kitchen and have it remade.  I showed the error to the server when she eventually came by to check on me, more than halfway through the burger.  I don't know what I was expecting but I generally assume that if a customer complains like I did, a manager will come by and try to rectify, either by offering to remake it, a discount or a future consideration or something.  I got nothing except the complete check.
I will say that if the burger had not been burnt it would have been a tasty one.  Too bad.
I suppose that since they are so convenient I will return eventually but I don't have high hopes.Crossing spring garden ( going north) can be hit or miss. Brunch here saturday was a mixed bag. We had stellar service , a variety of boozy bev's for the cheap and some not so awesome food,
The 4.00 bloodys and mimosas ( or if you are a big time boozer get a pitcher for 15.00) won me over and the weather made the outdoor seating seem like the most perfect idea.
Disappointment sunk in when my salmon BLT arrived with only 2 small pieces of bacon and a slightly overcooked salmon sandwiched between a semi stale ciabatta roll. Needless to say i did not like my brunch choice. My dining companion loved his wings and omelet i obviously made the wrong choice. I would probably come back for drinks and lots of them.Wow. Just wow. Let me share my experience -
We sat down to grab a quick bite to eat. I have been here before when it just opened and was not impressed. I figured I would give it another shot. 
We were seated promptly and the waitress was nice enough. My wife and
I ordered beer but the menu was inaccurate and the server didn't know if they had specific beers in bottle, draft or at all. We weren't requesting anything crazy either - a Guinness and a Hop Devil. Not a difficult order. We ordered alternate beers but she eventually came out with our original order - the Guinness (in a can rather than draft as stated on the menu) and a Hop Devil. Ok. Semi irritating, but fine. 
We order food from a fairly non-descript menu. I had to inquire whether the "Chicken Cutlet" was a platter or and sandwich. It's all listed under entrees. Whatever. We order.
About 15 minutes pass and she comes out to tell us they don't have any more cheesesteaks (my wife order). Ok. Enough. Cancelled our order and asked for the check to pay for our drinks. She brings the check but waits at least 10 more minutes to come back to pick up the payment. Aggravating. 
Sorry King's Oak, I wanted to give you a second chance, but you blew it.Not impressed with the food. Had to add salt in order to force the food down. Just came in from out of town and this was the first place I came across and excited to eat but disappointed with wings and fried zucchini..Overall, I enjoyed it.  Came on a Friday night for birthday dinner and drinks with girlfriends.  This is a prime location in the Piazza for outdoor seating.  It was a bit muggy and drizzly so we decided to eat inside.  Thankfully, it wasn't busy at all so we were able to pick a great table in the back. I LOVED the atmosphere for a Friday night out with friends. 
Now for the food = nothing amazing, but pretty good:
The brick oven pizzas could have been better.  They were a little bland and not crispy enough.  The cheesesteak rolls had great flavor, but the portion was really small, even for an appetizer.  I ordered the buffalo shrimp they were great, perfectly cooked and the sauce was good. The fries were some of the best I've had.  We even got another order for the table to share, once we tasted them. My girlfriend had the mussels and thought they were good.  
Drinks were good.  They didn't have a cocktail menu available though, so we had to just order what we wanted.  Our waitress was great (!!!) and suggested a pineapple martini which we loved. She also offered to take pics and was great about helping with the cake if we needed and brought out plates.
The music was good, they even had a dj and we enjoyed it!  All in all, great place would definitely go back.  Honestly, the food could be better. But I will be back to try brunch.Great place to drink, but I would not eat there unless you where will into your drinking time.  
Ate there last night, and everything was under seasoned and worse under cooked.  I mean almost raw!!!1st time here was on a Monday night-  loved everything about the place! 
Nice yet casual. Good music yet sports games on the tv's. Very friendly, efficient staff. 
We were fortunate enough to be there on all-you-can-eat wing night ($5). Wings were in a selection of flavors- ALL Delicious!. We also ordered the cheesesteak dumplings which we loved- yet looked completely different than the picture of them posted on here-? And we split a huge order of the supreme pizza fries! Yum! Next we're going back to try the pizza ! Looks wonderful.
The only reason for the missing star is the difficult parking. It was a Monday & it was still pretty tough to find a spot even willing to walk a great distance..We dined here this past Memorial Day - arrive quarter to 7pm (3 adults, 2 kids).  The place was not busy - almost all of the outside tables were open so we decided to stay here to sit outside.  We ordered noodles for the kids to come first and a calamari app for the table - both were good - might have taken just a little long to come out but not overly noticeable.  For entrees one adult ordered the all-you-can-eat wings, one ordered 2 sliders and the zucchini app and the third ordered the tuna app and a salad (it was all supposed to come out together).  After awhile, the tuna arrived.  It has been completely consumed and still no other food had been brought out.  We waited over 30 minutes (none of this was special order or anything - appetizers!!!) for the rest of the food to come out.  We finally went in to ask what the deal was and the bartender was apologetic saying that they were behind and the manager was helping in the kitchen.  It was odd because there were hardly any tables there!!  So the food finally comes out - and the guy who got the 'all you can eat wings' had waited over 50 minutes since arriving to get his FIRST batch of wings.  At this point, the kids were starting to lose it but having just received our food, we were in for it.  The manager finally came out and told us that we were mistaken and we hadn't waited very long for our food.  Not very professional.  Our waitress (who was nice and helpful although she avoided our table for that 30 minutes of non-food) offered to get us a dessert so we said ok.  Even that then took time to come out so we just said forget it.  We paid the bill in a hurry and later noticed that even that was wrong!!  We were charged for 3 sliders and that is not what was ordered or delivered.
On top of the experience - the food is entirely sub-par.  It was all very reminiscent of food you'd get at a TGIFridays or something - overcooked, under flavored, felt like it had just been microwaved and sent out.
I'm not planning on returning - I wish we had just waited for an open outdoor table at El Camino!!!!I'm so happy that Kings Oak came to the Piazza. I was really looking for something different and I think I've found it in Kings Oak. I've been there 3 or 4 times and it just keeps getting better. If I would have to suggest a few things of the menu I would pick the Lobster Mac and Cheese, Lobster Quesadilla (I like Lobster), Thai Chili Shrimp, and any of the brick oven Pizzas. They only have one beer on draft for now, but the server assured me that they'll be adding another full bar soon. I was there for their hurricane Irene party and I have to say, it HAD to be the best party in the city. The DJ stayed on all night, drinks kept flowing, and the electric never went out! Kings Oak, you complete my Piazza ;)So the hostess called us before we arrived to let us know that we could not dine for over an hour. Also, if we had any extra guests they may or may not accommodate them. When we arrived, we asked for a booth and they refused. It was Sunday brunch so I was trying to be understanding. But it honestly was ridiculous because the restaurant was empty. 
My server was incredibly sweet and diligent. The food and drinks were delicious. Their menu is heavy with eggs Benedict. Overall, the server compensated for the hostess.The most racially charged atmosphere i have experienced.  When my friend and her husband were denied service, I asked to speak with a Manager.  We were advised that the Manager didn't want to speak with me and she wanted "us" all to leave.  Totally unacceptable.  The Manager said her name was Michelle.  Never visit this place if you have brown skin.  The entire staff needs diversity training.Decent place with indoor and outdoor seating in the Piazza. Went here on a Sunday evening and were seated at a table outside. Ordered some specialty drinks which were good (a limeade and spiked lemonade), 1 lb BBQ wings and 2 sliders (burger and pulled pork). The portions were small which was understandable since the prices were pretty low. Service and atmosphere was fine especially since it was during the 2nd street Festival (at this point it was already dying down).
Would definitely come back hopefully for brunch since the reviews speak highly of it.My entourage and I went on Monday, all you can eat wing night.  Good thing we only paid $8 for the all you can eat, the wings were small and almost tasted like they had been sitting there all day.  I have had much better wings at City View.  Anyway, I did get the oyster po bo slider which was great----just one bite though.
I had been there for all you can eat crab night too, so I guess I should have not expected stellar food, but the service was pleasant.I made a reservation on Open Table yesterday. We arrived on time. The restaurant had a large number of open tables both inside and outside. We were told dismissively by the hostess that she was unsure if she could accommodate us and would not be able to seat us outside because we were a party of two. 
It then took several minutes for our waiter to take our drink order. Our drinks arrived and my girlfriend requested a glass for her beer. That took at least 10 minutes to arrive. We were here at least 20-25 minutes before anyone took our food order. 
We ordered the cannoli French toast, the fries chicken and biscuit, and a side of bacon. The bacon was almost inedibly fatty and chewy. The biscuit was undercooked. The potatoes were flavorless. The egg was overcooked. And the fried chicken was bland and soggy. 
The cannoli French toast was ok, probably the best of the bad options we received. 
Our waiter came to clear our plates, each of which was at least half full. He did not ask us if there were any problems with the food. 
We will not be returning to this restaurant.I was here recently during happy hour and enjoyed sitting outside on their patio.  Service was pretty speedy and friendly.  Beer list was nice.
We had sliders and appetizers, and all were tasty.  However, I am glad the sliders were half price for happy hour, or I would have felt that I had drastically overpaid for a small portion of food.Went in sat outside food was great chicken cutlet sandwich was outstanding.  Rest of the group had great meals as well.  Food was priced well and tasted great.  Service on the other hand was terrible.  I don't entirely blame the server (it seemed she was running the entire outdoor area), but it was really bad.  I ordered a burger to find out 10 minutes later (before we even received our drinks) that they were all out.  Only ended up getting 1 round of drinks because it took so long to get them.  At the end we were waiting for our check for what seemed like more than 30 minutes to have a hostess come over and tell us she was "in the middle of something." not sure what, but someone eventually brought the bill.  She never returned to take our card.  A complete fiasco.  I would go back for the food, but hopefully they get some more staff...I have been a couple times and never was disappointed with the food or service here.  It's a good spot for young professionals to happy hour outside or a casual date inside.  The hummus was very tasty and the tuna tartar was what it is supposed to be, nothing fancy here.  If you're going for half priced apps during happy hour, make sure you ask which ones are actually half off.  Also, if you are driving and plan on leaving your car in the lot next door overnight...don't...it will be towed.Just like many places in this area its a great date place and the people are freindly and the staff is helpfull.I really want to like this place.  The location they have can't be beat.  It's in a prime corner between the Piazza and Liberties Walk.  Both the inside and outside are spacious and have many tables.  
I visited for the first time this past Friday night.  We were easily able to get one of the many 6 tops outside - score.  Once seated our friendly waitress came over and took our order for 2 drinks (our other friends hadn't yet arrived).  
We waited for one bottled beer and one glass of wine to arrive for - no joke - at least 30 minutes.  Our waitress stopped by once to tell us our drinks were on their way.  She took drink orders from the rest of our party who just arrived and then took our food order for snacks - only one order of sliders and one pizza.
About 20 minutes later the rest of the drinks arrived, along with the sliders.  Then we waited another 20-30 minutes and finally the pizza arrived, but it was cold.   There was no explaination given as to why the food came with the unfortunate timing.
After waiting some more we decided to go inside and chase our waitress down (literally) to pay the check.  We gave her our credit card and waited another 10-15 minutes for her to come back after running it.
Needless to say, her tip wasn't very good.  The pizza was actually really good though, despite it being served cold.  Too bad their service is so subpar and airheaded - I would like to try their pizza again, but not sure when I will have that much spare time on my hands again.I'm gonna make this a FAST one.
TOP 3 REASONS NOT TO EAT HERE 
- you'll ask for a drink, they won't bring it, they'll charge you for it.
- you'll mention you're allergic to mushrooms, they'll bring you a omelet with mushrooms in it. You'll finally get it without the mushrooms, but they'll leave out other ingredients this time.
- your server won't come back to check on you, you'll be thirsty or in our case - silverware-less/waiting forever for the bill/DEAD.
The restaurant was empty - so there was really NO reason for the bad service. It's whatever, we won't be back.
long story short - kings oak SUCKS.di parma pizza is DELICIOUS!!!!!  nom nom nom!!!!!
and outdoor seating!This place is amazing.  The Chef here really knows what she's doing.  
Food is to die for.  If you ever have a chance, check it out.  You might see me there one day :)Worst place to eat food took over hour and a half and than was given to us girls cold. Not warm cold. Five girls from the city trying to have a nice meal and catch up. We rather have eaten McDonald's that nightWe were here for the Superbowl, so this may or not be representative of a normal night at King's Oak. Tons of TVs, and lots of places to sit and watch any sporting event. The draft list is pretty good - Yards Brawler, Dogfish Head 60 Min IPA, Lagunitas IPA, etc. While we did the wing buffet - I would order these a la carte. BBQ and Thai Chili were my favorite. Our server was very friendly, but there were some longer stretches where we didn't see her at all. Considering it was Superbowl Sunday, I'm sure it would be better on a different night. 
The bathroom attendants were kind of a weird feature. It's a small bar in the Piazza - not McFadden's, so I felt they were a little unnecessary.The food would have been two stars but a $15 pitcher of bellini (which came out to a whooping ten glasses) really saved the meal.
I ordered huevos rancheros and was underwhelmed. The tortillas were hard and charred crispy not fried to perfection crispy. The meal came with two pieces of hard and in parts bitter tortillas sitting on some black bean puree each topped with a poached egg about a tablespoon or guac and a teaspoon of salsa. Coming from southern California, I always expect huevos rancheros to be a mess of guac and salsa with some eggs barely discernible under the pile of condiments the mere sight of which half cures a hangover. I was sad to see these little flavorless and needlessly neat impostors.
We also had biscuits and gravy, and french toast. Nothing to write home about in both cases. I felt like I should have just walked down to Midtown II instead of spent 25 dollars on taxis for this boring fare. For center city folk, it's not worth the trip. Though I guess if you lived in the apartment complex above, it's not a bad option.Food here is a hit or miss. Service is ok, but the waitresses are not educated enough about ingredients and the food in general.  They also lose a star for having so many TV sets.Kings Oak is a pretty cool, chill spot at the Piazza with a killer beer list.  Any establishment with Lagunitas IPA on draft is ok in my book!
I didn't get to try a lot of the food,but what I did have was pretty solid.  The sweet potato fries were delicious.  For dinner I ordered three different sliders and they were good as well, my favorite being the crab cake.  Maybe I'm cheap, but I did however find $5 a bit excessive for a slider the size of a half dollar piece.  You can get a foot long for that much yo.nice place in a good location.  the outdoor space is great and good for people watching.  food is okay.  nothing amazing but good.  service was solid.  the problem we had was happy hour.  they were out of a number of the beers that were on special?  we also went because of the 1/2 price sliders and other drink specials.  when we got the bill, the items on happy hour special came up as full price??  we brought it to our servers attention and she corrected half the happy hour item prices but not all of them.  we had to ask a 2nd time to have all the items that were listed as "happy hour specials" to be corrected.  the bill was finally correct after two attempts.  decent place with loads of potential.  i hope they fix the pricing issues and make the food a little better.  overall a decent place.  good choice if you're hanging out in the piazza and want to sit outside.I am definitely a fan of this place after my friends have taken me here several times. You cannot beat the the specials on Mondays. All you can eat wings for 5 dollars or buy a pitcher of Coors Light or Yeungling Lager for 5 bucks and get all you can eat wings. The choice in sauce is Buffalo, BBQ, and Thai Chili which is my favorite.
Don't forget on Tuesdays they have all you can eat Snow Crab Legs and Dungeon Crabs for $22.50 which also comes with an endless mountain of fries. We also ordered the cheesesteak dumpling which was pretty good but the mussels in red sauce could have been better.
Look for my pictures in the gallery DNP.i am not a huge fan of sweets, especially dessert, but i do love love love!! fried oreos and the eagles! Although I've been going to Northern Libs for quite some time now, it just never occurred to me to try out king's oak, from the outside it looks like an overpriced pub, but be surprised! I am a huge beer drinker, and although  they don't have many selections of beer they do carry one of my favorites which is "Dogfish Head" but they only have 60 minute IPA on tap. Also, after i think around 4 P.M. when they switch over to their dinner menu they serve fried oreos! The first time i had it, it was delish but the second time, i feel like they could have done better. Also, they have multiple tv's all throughout the bar and they constantly play football so if your in the area and want to grab a drink with a few friends and watch the games, King's Oak is definitely a good spot! Ive had their mussels in red sauce, mussels in (i believe) white wine, their pizzas, their cheesesteak and a few other things and  they were all very delicious. The only thing i think i wasn't too fond of was the fact that they charged me extra for sriracha. ( i thought that was a bit cheap on their part). I mean c'mon this isnt a mcdonald's in the ghetto.. you shouldn't be charging for condiments!This is a solid place.
It's kind of a yuppie sports bar.  It's got some interesting specials.  Monday nights are 5 dollars for a pitcher of lager that comes with all you can eat wings.  So that could make your tuesday mornings a bit painful.  
I've sat at the bar every time I've been here and the bartenders were great.  
The beer list is lacking, but I think that's by design.  Because, you know, it's a sports bar.  Nobody wants to drink microbrews while watching giant men wearing spandex tackle the crap out of each other.  It's just not right.The bartender gave my bank card to the wrong patron. By the time I asked for my check, both the bartender had left (her shift was over) and the patron with my card had left. I had to frantically call my bank to cancel my card, and now I have to wait 7 business days just to get a new one. And I had to spend a half hour on the phone with my bank to get this straightened out, which is a waste of my time.
All the while, I won't have access to an ATM machine, which is a major inconvenience. And I'll be forced to go to a bank and carry an amount of money greater than I'm comfortable carrying until I receive my new card. Additionally, I'll have to update my credit card information for various services linked to my card (e.g. E-ZPass).
The bartender working at the time the mistake was uncovered had to clean up the mess left by the careless bartender. Why the patron who received the wrong card did not look at it and recognize that it was not his card, I won't ever know.
I was charged for both the patron's $50 bill and my $11 bill. Supposedly, the bar voided both transactions, but we will see in a few days if this has to be handled with an affidavit with my bank because the voided transactions did not go through, which will be a further waste of my time. My only compensation for this huge mistake was the bar covering my measly $11 bill.
The one bartender should be fired, but she'll probably only receive a slap on the wrist instead. I won't be back at this establishment for a long time.Hmm. Realistically I could've given this place 4 stars...but I won't. 
When we first came in, we were told it was a wait even though the place was basically empty. Fine, so the hostess directs us to a seating area that was completely filthy. It appeared that there had been some type of happy hour party...empty glasses and plates...crumbs...just yuck. From what I could see it had been there for a while. I was just confused as to if that is indeed a waiting area why there isn't someone who regularly cleans it. When we got to our table I had to request the waiter wipe it down because there were guess what? More crumbs. Seriously who the hell is cleaning this half ass? I'd hate to see the bathrooms if this is what the public space looks like.
So that's where that star went. The food was pretty good. We had the lobster quesadillas, hot wings, sweet potato fries, calamari and french onion soup. Was anything stand out? Not really, but still tasty. I liked the sweet (almost icing) dip that came with the fries. 
We ordered sweet revenge cocktails and I also had the Texas tea. My friends thought it would be disgusting because it has tabasco in it, but it was actually quite pleasant if you're like me and enjoy a spicy/sweet combination. The only downfall was that hot sauce doesn't smell so great in a drink. Sweet revenge was good...but I mean I can buy it at wine & spirits. I'm pretty sure it tasted like it was poured straight out the bottle. But I could be wrong. 
Would I come back here? Maybe, just to confirm my initial thoughts.. Would it be my first choice in the piazza? Definitely not.went here for brunch.  
pros:  very nice and patient server, server went out of her way to make sure i could have a vegan meal threaded together from other menu sides/options, loved the brunch drink special - they were not cheap with the refils and were very attentive to our alcohol needs. 
cons:  very boring american/ bar menu, really nothing vegan at the pre fixe - had to throw something together, overall the place lacks personality. 
regardless i enjoyed my time at kings oak, i enjoyed my experience, i would def go there for brunch again!AVOID AVOID AVOID.  Yet another soulless Piazza yuppie trap.  Food is ok, not great.  Atmosphere is terrible, even for a sports bar.  What kind of sports bar with 20 tv's refuses to put on the flyers game?  Worse, they turned it on, then turned it off and refused to go back...  Beer list is ok if you compare it to a tgi fridays, but pretty terrible if you compare it to anything else in the neighborhood. Beers are at least 20% more expensive than at say, el camino right across the street.
I can't wait for Bart Blatstein to jack up their rent so they go the way of the last 2 failed restaurants at this location.... the third time was definitely not the charm in this case.Holy shit. All you can eat crab legs for $22 and some change. You aren't gonna find anything like that in No Libs. Just left the place and I'm stuffed. 
King's Oak looks a little fancy from the outside, but it's nothing but real people in there that are down to have a good time and eat some awesome food. 
P.S. - Their whiskey sours are delicious.We went here for brunch because it was dead and we thought the menu sounded pretty good. We were sat right away, but it took the waitress over five minutes to come over and acknowledge us (it was really dead there.). As she came over she said " oh you're not getting food right just drinks?" as we're holding food menus. I told her we were getting food and she said oh, she said you were just getting drinks. The only thing we said to the hostess was" table for two, please!" This wasn't a big deal, probably just a miscommunication, but it definitely foreshadowed our experience. We ordered drinks and I got the french toast while my boyfriend got scrambled eggs with home fries and toast. 
First of all, my mimosa was not the $2 that it said on the menu on the window, it was $4. But, whatever that's fine. My boyfriends eggs came out and it had a hair....right...on..top of the eggs. Like, in plain view and they still sent it out. His potatoes tasted like they had been cooked the day before and was put under a heat lamp. He liked them, but I thought they were subpar. My boyfriend loves hot sauce and asked for some for his eggs. They said they don't have hot sauce, only srirachi. That's not terrible, but for him, he loses respect for a place that doesn't have hot sauce haha. The toast was also just white bread. They didn't give him any options, and I think that's really lame for brunch.
 My french toast was....okay. The berry "compote" in addition to a melba sauce? (which confuses me, because a melba is a *strained* puree of raspberries and red currants, and a compote is like fruits stewed in a syrup...how do you have both?) What they give you is just a bunch of blended raspberries with the seeds still in there. NOT strained. Plus, it didn't taste like there were any other ingredients besides raspberries. It hurt to eat, and really made the french toast suck. I had to scrape it off. It was also covered in syrup when it came out and it was soggy. I, personally, like the option of putting on my own syrup. It makes french toast mushy if you put it on before hand and let it sit! 
It was so hard to eat it when I longingly gazed at all of the other, better brunches right across the street. I was still able to eat the french toast, but I was really disappointed with the food there. Our waitress was nice, as was the hostess. I think they are overpriced with their beers, and their food was not good. I definitely won't go back there for food.Spent a lovely evening at Kings Oak this past Friday night. This was our first time eating at Kings Oak.
We sat outside of Kings Oak, since it was a beautiful night.
We arrived around 6:30, and were informed of the specials.
Both food and drinks were available for specials.
We ordered the mussels in white sauce for the price of $5.00, which was half off the price.
We also ordered the classic margherita pizza and Caesar salad.
The mussels were very good! The pizza dough was a bit uncooked for us, but it still had a great taste.
 The salad was a salad. We both enjoyed a glass of red wine, and the atmosphere of the piazza.
I defiantly will be returning to the Kings Oak.Great place to watch sports and grab a few beers with friends. The inside is roomy with long tables to fit large groups. There are numerous tvs on each wall. The outside is even better with a large number of tables centered around the entrance to the Piazza. I didn't eat here so can't comment on the food but they had a nice beer selection as well as pitchers of Flying Fish for 10 dollars. Many people sitting by us were eating their brick-oven pizza which the waitress said King's Oak is known for. Will definitely try it next time I come.This place is what it is, and does it well for the most part.  After reading many reviews on here, I was worried about poor service and lackluster food.  I was however greeted with the opposite.  My girlfriend and I tried this place (via Living Social) on a Tuesday night before went to a Flyers game.  The place was rather quiet and empty (which usually scares me).  We were promptly greeted and asked if we had a preference to where we sat, which is always a plus.
The host/waitress graciously took our orders and was actually helpful in my selection of a beer to try.  The happy hour (4-7 M-F) is an incredible deal.  Half priced sliders (about 5 to choose from), $5 apps, $5 drafts, $4 house wine glasses and $4 mixed drinks.  This alone will have me coming back, especially on a Friday night when I can let loose a little more.
We started with cheesesteak dumplings and fried calamari.  The calamari was great.  Nice and crispy, but not overcooked.  The sauce on it made it though.  The cheesesteak dumplings were a little more average.  It was cooked fine, but the siracha ketchup wasn't spicy enough for me.  This was pretty much the only miss here.  I ordered a Monarch burger and my girlfriend tried 3 sliders (burger, bbq pork, buffalo chicken).  My girlfriend enjoyed all of hers, especially the bbq pork slider with coleslaw.  I can usually judge a place solely on their ability to execute a burger.  This was the crowning achievement for me.  The burger was superbly flavored and cooked to perfect (ordered medium).  Juices were just dripping out.  The bacon was crispy and I enjoyed the russian dressing as opposed to my normal bbq or ketchup topping.
I'll be back here for sure.This place has great food, great dj, and a cool vibe. The one downside to this place is the ignorant blk female bartender that continues drive people away!The quality of the food here is just middle of the road, it's not bad but it's not really that good either.  The great thing about this place though is that they have awesome drink and food specials almost everyday.  They have a crab leg special on Tuesday nights which I have been to a couple of times.  A few of the crab legs were so cold they were almost like frozen which kind of sucked but the other ones were fine.  They have a cool late night happy hour on weekends and their regular happy hour during the week is pretty good too.  Definitely worth checking out if you are one of those people who enjoy a lot of food and value quantity more than quality.  Not that the quality is bad, but there is definitely much better but not for the price that you can get it for here.  Overall, not bad and I'd come back again periodically.Sitting outside a wide-open plaza, sippin on bloodys, eating eggs and bacon, getting a tan, peepin on the yoga chicks doin they thang...ain't bad for a summer Saturday.Awesome selection of sliders. Filet Mignon sliders? Especially awesome. The buns are super-yummy. The fried onions are well-done. The steak is great. However, I'm not sure the 1.5 oz of meat slider is worth $6. 
Nice selection of beers. Relatively nice bartenders. I ordered 3 beers, a salad, and 3 sliders and my total ... $48. Good but not worth it.Been to Kings Oak twice since it opened--once for happy hour/dinner and once for brunch.  Happy hour specials were great--discount apps and drinks.  The only complaint I had was that the portion size of the marinara given with the calamari was too small.  When we asked for more, they charged us for it--not a huge deal, but kind of annoying.  Everyone in our group liked their dinner entrees.  Service was fast and friendly.  
We also took a group of 6 family members for brunch on the weekend.  The menu was a bit pricey for breakfast $9-11, but everyone enjoyed what they ordered.  Again, service was great.
I am sure I will be back to Kings Oak soon!I had received a gift certificate to this place so gave it a try for brunch. The hostess and  server were very friendly and attentive but the food was mediocre at best. Probably the worst tofu scramble I've ever had. My friend had a salmon sandwich and she said it was "fine". Unfortunately another ho- hum restaurant in the Piazza. Much better brunch at Honeys only a few blocks away.went for happy hour. almost missed the specials but the selection was nothing memorable. 
we had the cheese steak dumplings and thai wings. both were delicious. but again, i could take or leave it. its a fine place to go when you want somewhere to go. and the sliders sound tasty but were a little pricey. next time i will be prepared to try them.It's a nice place for groups and the DJ was cool.  But the drinks were watered down IMO.Decided to explore dining options in the NoLib / Piazza area and chose Kings Oak. On the night we went it was a great choice. Great food, atmosphere and most importantly friendly attentive, but not overbearing, service which is so often lacking in Philly. From the host, to the server to the runner all were friendly and attentive.  Some recent menu changes that were not reflected on the posted menu such as the deletion of the suckling pig but done to change things around than anything lacking. Appetizers were fresh and tasty with a friend having tuna tar-tare and myself the caprese salad. Mains were an assortment of sliders and a steak.  The sliders were good with the only observation that the crab cake was to finely minced but which is necessary for a serving on a slider bun otherwise it would be three of four chunks.   Stake was flavorful and done to request.  The brussel sprouts side were excellent. Will be returning!AVOID- I made a 10 person reservation for a Saturday night for my boyfriend's birthday.  I had someone call on Friday to confirm that we were still coming.  When all 10 of us showed up the place was "closed for maintenance" and they apparently didn't think it was necessary to contact people on their reservation list to let them know they were shutting down for the night.
When I called to speak with a manager about why no one had contacted us, she told me that they didn't have a reservation for me- which is an outright lie because someone had called to confirm the reservation the day before we were coming.  She was rude, hostile, and after I explained why I was upset told me "I don't know what you want me to say- I had to work late on Friday night so it's not my fault."
There are too many other restaurants in Philly- don't waste your time or money on this place and their amateur staff.A friend invited me out for Happy Hour on Monday .(March 4, 2013). All you can eat wings all night for $8 and half price appetizers including sliders.. The turkey burger slider was a truly unique experience as it had cranberry jelly as the spread.. It was delicious and an unexpected surprise as we apparently didn't read the menu (3mins til Happy Hour was over). I loved the hamburger sliders also. The Terayaki or Thai wings were just okay.. reminded me of sesame chicken but not as sweet but the buffalo wings - yum not too crispy or too meaty or small. The highlight of the evening was the beer. I tried Franziskaner and it was delish, loved it and will look for it to have in my private stock. I will go again that's for sure.. Oh and our server was personable and attentive - she was great! The gentleman who brought the food from the kitchen was also on-point.. so as I said, I'll be back!Was there with a group of people Saturday from 5 to around 8:30pm. Expensive beers ($1-2 bucks more than at comparable bars for the same), horrible service. Seem to care more about security than service. Frequently sat there for 15-20 minutes with empty glasses without anyone stopping by, took forever for drinks to come after ordering. When we were finished waited 15 minutes to ask for the check, and only by getting the attention of a barback. Took another 20 for the check to come, then 15 minutes for them to come pick it up. As awful as service gets, unfortunately. 
Great location with good tv's for watching sports, a nice big space, but horrible service and a weird identity. It seems to want to be an upscale bar and a sports bar at the same time. Needs a lot of work.Went here with people from work an.it's not bad. The place had a decent bottle and draft selection. You do not have to break the bank there since it has cheap brews to expensive craft beer. The food is your basic bar food and nothing to write home about. The burger was okay and I did like the herb Russian mayo dressing. If you want a laid back hangout with good brews, then come here.Very overpriced food that is not to good! Me and my boyfriend went there for brunch, waited 1 hour for our food and were the only ones in the place. Finally got our food and it was thrown onto 1 plate. Fresh fruit ontop of hot homefries, eggs half cooked and half runny. They did not bring out the right meat we ordered. I only ate a piece of toast bc I was so mad. Then we ordered mozzerella and tomatos to share, that came out with our food and there was 3 slices of tomato and 3 slices of mozzerella (with no seasoning) for 9 bucks!! My total bill was 71 dollars!! I have no problem paying for a meal I enjoy, I explained my frustrations to the waittess who was pleasent but she really didn't seem to care! I was so annoyed when I left! And they were not busy! The couple next to us also waited an hour for their food and asked for the check for there drinks bc they were going to leave but there food arrived as soon as they asked to cancel the order. Don't waste your time or money!Not at all crowded for Sunday brunch the way I would have expected. The food is nothing to rave about but got the job done. I enjoyed the endless bellini that comes with brunch.I actually like this place but the service has been terrible the last 2 times I was there and the food sub-par at best.  They have a cool and tasty smore pizza and good beers.First off, I have to preface my 5 star rating with the rating is biased due to the location.  In the NO-LIBS area, Kings Oak is the once consistent bar that you can walk into at anytime and find what you're expecting.  Good bar service, Guinness on tap, a table or spot at the bar always available, and in the summer, a great outside seating area to hang out and waste away the afternoon.  The food is good, but not worthy of coming out to for just the taste.  It's bar food done very well.  In an area of the city where everyone is trying to stand out and be different in every way possible, this is the normal American pub experience done right.  It gets 5 stars because it delivers exactly what you are expecting and there are no disappointments.  This is what your local neighborhood pub should be, I just wished I lived within walking distance to grab an easy drink here more often!What a phenomenal experience!  I wanted to throw a surprise party for my husband during brunch and I emailed the restaurant to see if they could handle a party of about 30 people.  The manager, Michelle, had me come out to see the space and make sure it made sense for our group.  There was no charge for making such a large reservation and Michelle stayed in touch with me for the month up to the party making sure that everything was perfect on party day.  When more people RSVPed than I anticipated Michelle did everything she could to ensure that we had enough space and were comfortable.  We had our own dedicated server who was absolutely phenomenal and kept the mimosa and bloody mary pitchers coming all morning long.  No one's glass was ever empty!  The food came out quickly and it was delicious.  So incredibly well priced.  With food, alcohol, tip, and tax it came out to about $23/pp.  You can't beat that anywhere!  We will definitely be back for brunch again and I'd recommend this to anyone looking for a space for a larger get together.The place is a little sterile, etc. in the style of most of the Piazza there, and a lot of the food is pretty standard, but I have to give this place snaps for their "sliders". They are fantastic, especially the steak and egg. I can't stop thinking about it.ive been here twice. only because they were both beautiful days and i wanted to sit outside. both were sundays. the service is all smiles and we never waited long for anything. the food is just ok. i love to drink the bubbly on a sunday afternoon and there is only one sickenly sweet option that i couldnt choke down. they have a crazy mimosa/bloody mary deal on sundays. $20 for for like 4 hrs of drinking. i havent tried it, but that just seems insane. i have no idea what it is like inside when weather doesnt permit outside seating, and to tell the truth, ill probably never find out. it isnt awesome enough to get me to go to the piazza for anything else but sunshine. dont love/dont hate. it served its purpose.Since the (cold) pizza from last time was promising, I decided to give them another chance this week.  
Went on a Thursday around 10:30 PM, party of two.  We searched around for a hostess, and waited about 5 minutes, but there was none.  Went to the bar and asked the bartender if we could sit outside, he said yes.  
Waited at the table for another 10 minutes and went back inside to ask for a waitress.  I found a waitress inside and she informed me I would have to see a hostess for seating.  The bartender and her then had a conversation about this and I asked if I could just give my order at the bar.  I ordered 2 drinks and one pizza and informed them I was here to give them a second chance since I liked their pizza so much but the last time I was here the service was ASTOUNDINGLY bad. 
Went back outside, and sat down.  We were the only table seated outside.  Later a waitress comes over and asks where our waitress is (how would we know?) and then told us our waitress was missing and she would be our new server. 
One pizza, in the restaurant that was 90% empty, took a puzzingly long time to arrive, and again, when it arrived, it was mostly cold.  We looked across the street to El Camino where every table was full, inside and out, and people were mobbed around the entrance waiting, and made the connection between the good service there and the emptiness of Kings Oak and the bad service there.  Get a clue KO.
No more chances.  Why do these people suck so bad?I've gone to Kings Oak a couple of times. Once during the Of Monster's and Men concert and last Friday for Happy Hour. My overall experiences have been positive. The only downside is their limited menu. It's not really a place to go if you want a nice meal, but if you are looking for elevated bar food, then this place is great. They have some tremendous specials throughout the day and during happy hour. PBR drafts are always $2. They have $3 Jim Beam shots served with a pickle. Wings are only $50 a wing and they are pretty big. During HH, their pitchers of cocktails are half off, house wine is $5, and there is a discount on their sliders (sorry, can't remember the exact price). I've sat outside both times I went and service was great and they were very on top of things. Kings Oak is a great place to gather with friends, have some cocktails, and enjoy the Piazza.wow. great deals on thursday nights! the pizzas are incredible and i liked the crowd at the bar (during a phillie's game there were several well-dressed good lookin gentlemen). i talked to many of the staff and they were ALL SO NICE. how rare is that? it was a great experience and i will be sure to come back. gotta try those mussels!Went to King's Oak with friends before driving back to Boston. We were in a bit of a rush, but still had time for brunchy brunch. 
Pros:
- Cheap mimosa ($4)
- Creative menu items (froot loop encrusted french toast? YES)
- Sizeable portions (I hate leaving brunch feeling like I'll still want lunch)
- Quac AND salsa with the huevos rancheros (meal was totally delicious all around)
Cons:
- They forgot about our mimosas for awhile
- Potatoes in the home fries were kinda big, coulda stood to be chopped a little smaller for more crunchiness
That's it. Seriously, the brunch was off the chain and I would go back in a heartbeat if it wasn't a 6-hour drive.Great food and service. The environment inside is a chill one, and its very lively while sitting and enjoying some food.Revisited.  Just to prove a point, I went at about the same time of day and ordered the same thing.  The one key difference was that the crowd there today was not as rowdy.  This time around, everything was cooked properly and served in a timely fashion.  This time around my medium rare burger was medium rare and the charring worked in the burger's favor to create a tasty morsel.  Now I feel better about going there (unless it's crowded).While the location and space are great, every time I come, I'm always a little underwhelmed. It's a good meeting place for weekend brunch since you're likely to find a table in the gigantic space. The menu is average... but the drinks are terrible. They draw you in with fantastic specials but serve you pitchers of barely-drinkable mimosas. I'd still come for dinner and drinks, but I'll skip brunch from now on.King's Oak is struggling.  Not in popularity, they're always busy and that's great... but my last two experiences have been unpleasant, both related to service, which is a shame.
Last time we were seated outside and my server brought over our first two beers and some mussels.  A few minutes later, she came by and we ordered some more food and two more beers.  35 minutes later neither had arrived.  We decided to bail, called her over and asked for the check, and she had no idea we were waiting for food.  The computer had crashed, and the orders got messed up.  Ok, I can understand that... but that doesn't explain not coming by to ask how we're doing, or to inquire about our empty glasses and plate for the last 35 minutes.
I went again last night and after getting a table waited a long time for a beer... only to be told they were now out of that brand.  We instead ordered a bottle... and that also took 10 minutes, despite it being a bottle and having now been there for 20 minutes.  We ordered a pizza... only to be told there aren't any pizzas tonight (a quarter of the menu).  We ordered some short rib sliders... only to be told they don't have those either.  Some notice about items not on the menu would be nice when we're seated so we can make decisions based on what's available, instead of ordering things we want only to be told repeatedly they don't have them.  We ate, we got the check... and we waited for 15 minutes with no food or drinks just waiting for our server to take the check with our credit card.  15 minutes of being ignored is a long time when you've only had two appetizers and one beer and you just want to pay and leave.  In the end I gave up, got change in cash from the bartender and left that instead.
Again... the food is good.  The mussels are still great (though there's a new chef so disregard my previous review's "in any beer you like" comment), and the pizza I had last visit was really delicious (with goat cheese bechamel and prosciutto), the cheese streak dumplings are fun, and the thai chili shrimp (and I think wings) are fabulous. 
But the service my last two visits put me in no hurry to go back.This place has come a long way from a year ago when it opened and didn't really have its act together. The one thing they have going for them is the specials during the week otherwise I would't really come here for just a regular full course dinner. The one page menu contains nothing out of the usual but never-the-less tasty snacks. 
We came on a thursday night for the eagles game and got a beer tower ($22) for an equivalent of 9 coronas. not bad and had the sweet potato fries with maple syrup. YUM! the service was good but the tv placement was a little poor for optimum football viewing but its ok, Im over it. 
The monday night $8 all you can eat wings might be the only time i come back otherwise this is just another sports bar for me.This place is disgusting.  My boyfriend and I stopped in for a quick dinner tonight.  I ordered the fish and chips.   This dish came out in about 30 minutes.  It was about a pound of soggy fries and one big piece of frozen fish that had been fried.  The flesh had a translucent appearance, rather than white and flaky.   This meal was so gross.   The waitress never came back to ask us how things were going, so I am leaving this review here.   
 I will never eat here again.