Good food and they give you plenty of it.  The pepper steak and mac&cheese way above average.I had the opportunity on two occasions to visit and I must say the food is the truth! The flavors are a sensual pleasure for your taste buds. I enjoyed the snapper which by the way was absolutely more than I expected. Seasoned well and is accompanied by a tantalizing special sauce, my sides include rice with peas and candy yams, sooo good!!!!! Today I step out of my comfort zone and tried the Rasta Pasta ummm ummm ummm!!!! The perfect blend of jerk chicken breast with pronged shrimp! The cabbage is steamed to perfection. My friend and I will be tasting the entire menu. So if your EVER in the area you must do your stomach a favor and swing by Kingston 11 for some real yard cuisine!!!!!Unbelievable awesome food great service Mac &. Cheese was delicious honey jerked wings where amazing give it A+ definitely will be going backI'm a West Indian American and I've been having issues finding Jamaican spots that still cook food with Jamaicans in mind. The food is being prepared to cater to African Americans it's not authentic at all. Not flavorful. Hardly seasoned. No spice. The food was very cold when we got home. I only live about 5 minutes away from this restaurant and the food was lukewarm by the time I ate it. I ordered oxtails they were hard! Oxtails take time to become tender. These were obviously rushed. There was no menu in the restaurant or price list so you don't know how much things cost they just give you a total and I guess you just have to go with that. I won't be back.I swear Kingston 11  is da best very satisfied with everything I get to eat from they best Jamaicans outThis platter is very good and has nice amount of kick to it. This is a large platter and you'll receive a day worth of food for a price you can't argue with.Best oxtails I've had thus far! Gravy is very tasty and they provide a lot. Okay back the oxtails, they were juicy, meat falling off bone, seasoned very well. Rice and beans were tasty as well. Only issue is that when I went, they were out of large containers, but they gave a lot that day. I will definitely be a returning customer!I have been to Kingston 11 a few times now and the food is great but good luck trying to order. They are constantly running out of food especially the mac and cheese. I also have placed a few orders on ubereats and it's always canceled. The owner is incredibly nice but that doesn't matter much when you don't get your food.This place is hit or miss. I've visited 3 times & the food lacks consistency. When it's good, it's good but when it's bad, it's horrible. Nonetheless, the staff is pretty nice. Also, they are overpriced for such a lack in consistency.Back again, my daughter & i... Today we got 4 large jerk chicken platters with plenty of rice and peas, cabbage, yams & 5 YES, 5 SIDE orders of Mac N Cheese!  The owner is LOVELY & SMILES as soon as you come in!  My daughter is moving around the corner & I really need to get on a diet but HOW? HOW can i with KINGSTON 11 so close?  Needless to say, food was PLENTIFUL & GR8 AGAIN!!!This place has fallen off terribly! I enjoyed the food when the place first opened.  I don't know who's in the kitchen cooking now.  Last meal I ordered was stewed chicken with cabbage and rice and peas.  Cabbage used to be delicious, now it's overcooked and salty. I don't even taste the hint of ginger in there anymore.  Stewed chicken is blah and rice is overcooked. I don't know if they've decided to appeal to American palates or what. If so, they should call it "Americanized Jamaican Food".  I've given them more than three chances.  I'm not going back anymore.BEST JAMAICAN FOOD IN THE CITY; I had the red snapper with rice and peas, and cabbage! I also came with a few other Individuals who had ordered the honey jerk wings, macaroni and cheese, and cabbage. The Flavors Are Outrageous! That Lady Needs A Grammy lol!I'm from the Caribbean and sometimes I get moody and my homesick and my husband tries to make me feel better by bringing me food from different Caribbean restaurants in the area. Today we tried this place and I have to admit the stewed chicken (and my husband, of course) helped raise my spirits. 
This place is unassuming but once you're inside, there's jamaican music videos playing on the television. The service is relatively quick and the staff friendly. They do not skimp on the amount they give you...hefty portion sizes (I like to think of myself as a bottomless pit and I had to refrigerate my box to attack the rest tomorrow). I got some macaroni pie, stewed chicken and rice and beans. The rice and beans were just ok, made better by the stewed chicken gravy. I loved the macaroni and the stewed chicken and would recommend. I also decided to try the strawberry crunch cake...because it was right their on their counter and bright pink (I'm basically a child and couldn't resist). Was a lot more moist than I was expecting, the mild crunch comes from something on top (that reminded me of fruity pebbles)...a large slice also. 
My husband tried the macaroni, yams and honey jerk wings. He's still talking about those yams hours later and his wings looked so juicy I had to steal a bite. I have to say, didn't really taste like jerk to me (just a note if that's what you're looking for) but they were certainly very sweet and satisfying. I'd also recommend those. 
All in all, I'm happy we found this place and am excited to try some other things on the menu.Hello, so I went back to Kingston 11  yesterday & again, it 'DID NOT DISSAPPOINT!!!'  This time, my brother and I went while my daughter stayed back & sent me with her order... I had told my brother about the food & his sneaky 'so & so' had the nerve to come without me... The owner waited on us & remembered my daughter & I  and now my brother whom she nicknamed 'trouble'... She not only is BEAUTIFUL with a VERY PLEASANT ATTITUDE, her food IS DELICIOUS & SHE DOESN'T SKIMP ON QUALITY OR QUANTITY!!!... How can I lose weight if I keep coming back?... How bout I don't eat all week & just come here for that DELICIOUS PLATTER!!!I wish I had shown my food before I devoured it but anyway, IT WAS DELICIOUS!!! My daughter and I was in the neighborhood and smelled something INCREDIBLE!!! I saw smoke(coming from the outside grills) & we went inside and ordered.  I ordered a small Jerk Chicken with Cabbage and Rice with Beans.  My daughter had the small Jerk Chicken, Yams and Rice with Beans. When I say, it was PLENTIFUL & SEASONED VERY WELL, I MEAN IT!!! Can't imagine the medium or large, they'll feed a family!! Customer Service was great and the place was nice and clean(we ate in)!!! I had never heard of it or saw the place but will DEFINITELY come back!!!This restaurant  just opened and is trying  to make money quickly.  The Curry Chicken is salty,  the fried chicken is very dry,  and the honey jerked chicken taste just like Barbeque  chicken as they use a sauce instead of jerk powder.  The best thing is the mac and cheese and even that is wet and needs to be baked alittle more.  They do not sell mini platters as most Jamaican  restaurants  do,  if you want your side to be mac and cheese  you must order a large platter and even then you still receive a very small amount of food.  If you visit the restaurant and try to ask for just mac and cheese they will say they don't have any because they want you to purchase a platter.  I was warned but gave them the benefit of the doubt and wasted alot of money,  there are other Jamaican restaurants in Southwest that have good food and give alot.  Please do not waste your money.  If I could give no stars I would.I'm giving four stars for the curry crab. It was amazing!! The jerk salmon was tasty but I put some of the curry sauce from the crabs on it and it tasted even better. The stewed chicken wasn't as tender, but the sauce was still really good. The Mac n' cheese had a nice flavor too. I didn't like the flavor of the rice and peas that much and the greens were way too salty. I'm definitely coming back for the seafood dishes!I ordered Large Oxtails, cabbage and Mac. Honey jerk wings, cabbage, and mac. Jerk Salmon mac n cabbge and jerk lamb chops mac n yams. The food was great except for the cabbage. Very bland. I ordered over the pbone and showed up 40 min later for pick up. i get there and there is a line outside because of Covid they only allow 5 inside at once. I wait my turn. go inside and ask foe my order which was made. while inside waiting for my order like 8 more people make they way inside so now there are 13 people in this tight space not all of them are wearing masks. i was very disappointed for them not following Covid guidelines.  Food waa great minus the cabbage and service was not so great. On the fence about going back.I don't even know where to begin. This place is absolutely amazing. I am so glad that I followed my instincts from seeing their post on Instagram and trying them out. Everything I have gotten here has been fresh and been delicious. I have had the sticky jerk wings, pepper steak and jerk salmon. The mac and cheese is heaven. There may be a wait sometimes but its definitely worth it. This place is also excellent and big on customer service and it shows through the employees and the food. I travel almost 40 mins to come here but it is so worth it. Give them a try you won't be disappointedWhen I tell you they food is the bomb a must try. I think I've had everything on the menu n I have yet to be disappointed ...The employees are great very clean spot .. All around 5Very expensive...very inconsistent....small portions..........strangely rude.....very greasy oxtails and rice...major heartburnThe IG food pics looked delicious and I love Jamacian food so I had to check this place out. Very small place so not many people can fit inside. I waited in line for about 30mins or more before being waited on ‍. However, the staff were nice. I ordered oxtails, mac&cheese,cabbage. Nice portions. Welp, the oxtails were tough as nails . I'm used to them falling of the bone. The cabbage needed more seasoning, and the Mac & cheese was not good at all. I will not be visiting this establishment again ‍Hole in the wall place but amazing food.  Tried jerk chicken, oxtail and the goat, all were amazing.  Go with the cabbage, and beans and rice for sides.  Can't go wrong hereKingston 11 is one of the best authentic Jamaican food restaurants they sell out quick so come early to get there fresh delicious food. Quality food with fresh ingredients.Omg is where I'm going start.
I saw them on my IG feed and had to try the Mac and cheese, and the sticky jerk wings and yams. 
This place won't and I seriously mean it won't disappoint. The sticky wings was delicious. And under all the sweet goodness was jerk seasoning on the Jerk Chicken.
The mac and cheese is the best I've tasted in any restaurant before and I have been to many. They need to keep that coming.
The yams was good fresh not canned and I have to say I will be back this week again.This is my favorite jamaican spot! The portions are huge, the vibe is friendly, and the food is always perfect! I found them on instagram @kingston11_philly. They are open until they sell out! So when everyone is closed you don't have to settle for junk.I went because I heard this place was good, and mostly because of the food advertisements on their Instagram page. I'm not really use to Jamaican food, so this was an exciting time to try something different. I wanted to keep it safe, and ordered the jerked chicken with a side of Mac and greens. They only allow five people in at a time because of COVID, and wait time wasn't long today ( Saturday ) only 10 minutes. I got home, ready to DIG IN, and the portion sizes were amazing. But the taste isn't worth the hype nor price. Literally most of the 5 star reviews you'll find on google or here are from people who really don't cook at home. The jerked chicken tasted like oven baked chicken, a tad bit burnt, with spice. And the sauce is like a sweet barbecue sauce. Nothing really exciting. Sadly, they hardly gave ANY sauce on my wings. And the Mac was just pasta and a bunch of cheese just globbed together (see images) The greens- were too salty. My opinion- save your $16 and go to the market and buy exactly what they served for better quality. At least you won't be disappointed. I ate one wing out of hunger lol, but the rest are heading to the trash after I finish typing this review. Waste of money.I have been to this new spot three times and each time I get something very delicious!!! I've had the curry chicken, cabbage, rice and peas, fried red snapper, honey jerk wings, and curry shrimp... ok so I'm greedy haha but everything is so delicious!!! Oh almost forgot the MAC N CHEESE is AMAZING!! Worth the Wait, I went once before and it wasn't ready, made sure they had it tonight and it was awesome!! I left a few pics of my favs!!! Call ahead and make sure they have Mac n cheese :)Very good food but the popular dishes like geek fried chicken and jerk lasagna are Always sold out or if you go early it's not available yet so it's a guessing gameI decided to go to this place after seeing their profile on Instagram. The food looks good. However, every time I call they are out of oxtails. Which is so disappointing. So I ordered something else every time. My first platter was the jerk salmon and it was good. My second order was the curry chicken with Mac & collard greens which was nasty. The platter ended up in the trash, waste of money. I don't think I will be ordering again.This spot has been serving consistently delicious food every time I go. They have great COVID19 procedures in place and easily switched to an all take out format upon the original closure in March/April. Recently I got a huge spread for my sisters birthday and EVERYONE absolutely LOVED the food. I don't think anyone had a bad thing to say, nor could they rank their favorites. I'll list out everything we got, but just no that there isn't a bad option. 
Mac and Cheese
Oxtails 
Jerk chicken 
Curry chicken
Curry shrimp
Jerk chicken lasagna 
Peas and rice 
Cabbage
Greens 
Jerk salmon 
Yams
Rasta pasta with chicken 
Should have taken a video so you could get the full effect but honestly this was the best spread for a mini covid birthday celebration. Highly, highly recommend!!I didnt have the chance to taste the food yet but one  thing i can say is they tell you come in to order food they will not take orders over the phone even if you want to pay with your card. Then when you get to the place the line maddd long like i dont understand i called to order so i dont have to wait on the line with 10 ppl in front of me in a small place where i can barley get in to wait online. This places need to to better on that i tried going on a friday around 730pm so just a heads up. 2 stars for now until i  can try the food and they have a better way to get food faster i would 2 1/2 rating but cant we shall see if i can taste the food soon i wont stand on a long line though after that i will update my review againLawd Have Mercy!!!!!!!! That's how I have to start this review. My grandma and I drove 40 mins to try Kingston 11 today. When I say the food was AH-MA-ZING, I mean it! 
My oxtails, rice, peas and cabbage is one of the best entrees I have tasted in a long time(and I have eaten my share of oxtails, rice & peas)! The flavor of the oxtails was soulful along with the well-seasoned cabbage. My grandma said her oxtails, mac n cheese, and collard greens were fantastic.
Now, I wish I left with a few more platters for the week. 
No worries, cuz just like The Terminator, "I'll be back!"Traveling from North Jersey, I heard the food was good from a friend and saw comments on Instagram and decided to try. There was a long line in front that I couldn't believe was for the restaurant so the food must be good. The wait was very long as I did not pre-order ahead of my arrival. I was on line for about an hour but once inside I was able to make my selection along with my friend. The staff was very kind and apologetic about the long wait. The food was great!!!! Very tasty and well seasoned, I will definitely return.If I could I would give zero stars called to tried to place order and was told I had to come in person to order.  Once I reach location they told me they were sold out horrible way to do businessI do NOT do reviews but after I had the food I just had to say something. I ordered the Jerk Salmon with Baked Mac and WHEW CHILE LET ME TELL YOU. The salmon was fresh and the Mac was seasoned well with just enough cheese. After 2 weeks of trying to get a platter of this yummy goodness I am satisfied. I felt discouraged when they were sold out of everything I wanted but after trying the food I understand it's just that D*mn good !I ordered through Uber eats. My peppersteak platter was $15.75 and i ordered a $4.50 side of this macaroni and cheese that's raved about on Instagram. I wanted to try this place and I was sharing the food with my niece so I didn't concern myself with the price thinking there would be more than enough food. The food wasn't bad at all, but if you're going to charge so much for a platter I think you should specify the size of the platter. Had I known I would receive a small platter I certainly would've reconsidered!excellent food, excellent service , one of the if not the best resturants in Philly hand downI was very excited to try this place, especially as I'd been stalking their food Instagram account for over 4 months now. Ordered almost $50 worth of food from here on Uber eats. Was given confirmation that the order went through and was scheduled to deliver between 6:45-7:15. At 7:15 exactly, they cancelled the order after having it be confirmed it for 2 hours. I tried calling back multiple times but got no response + a busy line on occasion, even though I called within store hours. Disappointed especially because I have been looking forward to trying this place for a while. Will not be ordering from here again.If I could give zero stars I would. I arrived today at 4:10pm and it is 5:10pm and I still not placed my food order. After walking inside then being asked to go back outside. Poor organization, on how this is ran and clearly they treat regulars. Clearly my $60 is not needed.  They keep requesting to have anyone who has ordered to come inside. Meanwhile there phone is off the hook. It looks like it is being ran by kids. Very disappointed and I will not be returning. I will also warn others to not get tricked by the Instagram ad. Once you arrive, please be advised there will no acknowledgement until all online orders are taken care of. In addition, they will not have all of the food advertised available. Which is common at a carribean restaurant.The restaurant was supposed to be open at 11:30am. We got there about 11:45 and the restaurant appeared to be closed. My girlfriend , after seeing the Instagram posts , was not leaving without getting a platter, so she kept knocking on the door and peering in until someone came and unlocked the door. 
The restaurant is small, very clean and you can see the cook cooking .... I love that . I'm assuming they got off to a late start because most of the menu items were not available for purchase ... which was a bummer. The only thing ready at that time were oxtails, which we ordered. The platter was huge and the food (oxtails, cabbage, rice and beans) were delicious. We also purchased the largest slice of strawberry cake I've ever seen and that was delicious. 
I would consider coming back, but I would arrive MUCH later in the day, just to give them the opportunity to have more dishes prepared. 
I've heard people complain about the pricing , I will say they are slightly more expensive than other restaurants but I didn't think the pricing was unreasonable 
In summary my rating is a solid 3.5, but coming to a business after their posted opening hours and the doors are still locked, then not being able to order anything from the menu except oxtails (although delicious) because nothing else was ready was disappointing.It says it opens at 1230. Didn't open until 1:15 and didn't have chicken. Told us on Tuesday to come back Thursday and yet again no chicken.The restaurant was supposed to be open at 11:30am. We got there about 11:45 and the restaurant appeared. My girlfriend , after seeing the Instagram posts , was not leaving without getting a platter, so she kept knocking on the door and peering in until someone came and unlocked the door. 
The restaurant is small, very clean and you can see the cook cooking .... I love that . I'm assuming they got off to a late start because most of the menu items were not available for purchase ... which was a bummer. The only thing ready at that time were oxtails, which we ordered. The platter was huge and the food (oxtails, cabbage, rice and beans) were delicious. We also purchased the largest slice of strawberry cake I've ever seen and that was also delicious. 
I would come back, but much later in the day, just to give them the opportunity to have more dishes prepared and to give myself the opportunity to try more dishes. 
I've heard people complain about the pricing , I will say they are slightly more expensive than other restaurants but I thought the pricing was reasonableSo today I finally had the opportunity to try this place that's all the talk on social media. I was utterly disappointed. I got a medium stewed chicken. There was no brown sauce and barely any chicken. The greens I ordered were okay but I've had better. It's definitely not authentic Jamaican stewed chicken. The flavor was NOT there. Taste like ketchup. My hubby got the Mac & cheese and his pasta was overcooked and falling apart. Needless to say I won't be going back.Finally got a chance to check out this take out joint.  My boyfriend  and I purchased a platter each.  I order jerk salmon and it was pretty good.  However, my cabbage was too salty for me to eat.  My boyfriend ordered stewed chicken, cabbage and Mac n cheese.  The salt overshadowed the natural flavor of the cabbage, Mac n cheese, and chicken.  Also, the chicken tasted it was cooked the day before.    A lil disappointed.Ahhhhh another restaurant that played me by delicious instagram posts. I've been drooling at their food online for some time now. My friend and I realized that they're now on Ubereats and felt like it was our time to try them out. This is a 2.5 rating but ya know yelp doesn't do half stars and I couldn't push it to 3. The menu on Ubereats is limited, he wanted oxtails and they weren't listed. He went with the honey jerk wings that look really good on instagram. The prices are a bit steep, I wanted to try the jerk salmon but not willing to pay $25 for the platter so we decided to share one. I got sides and he'd have the chicken and rice. Our order was honey jerk wings rice and peas and cabbage (these are sides included, there is an up charge for Mac which is ridiculous) $15.85 an order of Mac and cheese $4.50 plantains $4. We ordered at 7:30p, this is important because with restaurants like this one ordering late is risky as they run out of things. I think we were victim to this, the food seemed like they scrapped the end of the pans for our platter. 
The bad: Rice and peas TERRIBLE the short grain rice was undercooked and starchy there were THREE peas (beans) total so I'm thinking we just got white rice. Mac and cheese not horrible but very bare minimum we actually added cheese to make it taste better. The plantains did NOT arrive they were left out although we paid for them.
The Good: the cabbage was PHENOMENAL, so delicious and the best thing we got, I wanted more. Like I'd order a pan of this stuff, so good. My friend liked the wings a lot, there were 4 in the platter and he cleaned the bones.
Overall it was an overpriced underwhelming meal. If I try this place again I'd go in person and early. Maybe prices are different in store too. I wouldn't recommend this place until I try it again. We were extremely disappointed.When I tell you they food is the bomb a must try. I think I've had everything on the menu n I have yet to be disappointed  ..The honey jerk wings are a must and the jerk salmon so good.. The employees are nice n it's very clean all around 5The food is tasty and you get a lot, but taste is not consistent.  Tonight was my 3rd time going there.  I'm a huge jerk chicken fan.  The 1st time (1 month ago) it was definitely on point.  Mac n cheese & cabbage was delicious. 2nd time couple weeks ago it was just ok.   I'm not a fan of sweet oxtail.   Tonight is my 3rd time.  Jerk chicken and stew chicken salty and dried out. Cook too long or sitting too long.  Mac n cheese salty as well.  The staff is very friendly and welcoming.  However service is very slow.   I called 45 minutes before arriving and still waited outside 10 mins, then 20 more minutes inside.  The meal inconsistency is not worth the wait. I would give them another chance and try other items on the menu if the wait wasn't so long.  With that being said, I will not go back.Been checking this spot out for a month planning my 30 min drive. The food looks amazing online and the reviews were good. I saw them on Instagram. I got the jerk salmon, Mac and cheese, and cabbage.  
I got home ripped the top off the platter. I immediately notice after one bite the food was super salty. I took a few more bites but it was Like so salty I could not eat it. I had to drink plenty of water. I was disappointed and I spent $22 on the platter. Everything was salty. Like wow. 
It was fresh and cooked perfectly but too much seasoning can ruin a dish. 
Sorry to say I will not be returning.Very poor customer service. How do you not know the wait time to place an order. All they kept saying is I don't want to give you a time. Food doesn't look that good to have poor customer service.One thing I would like to point out before reviewing the food is how nice the workers are at the front. Kingston11 is a booming business esp with the recent review and its only right they got bombarded from walk-ins to phone orders. Nevertheless, the two people upfront were very courteous even when customers were giving them attitudes about the wait time. So kudos to them.
Process: Initially, i thought it's best to call and order to avoid the lines but I think they just recently change the process. You can call to order and they'll give you an order number but your food wont be prepared until you get there and pay. In a way, you cannot avoid wait time. For my first time here, I ordered oxtail but they ran out so I opt for Jerk Chicken with rice and beans and my two sides were cabbage and yams. Once your food is ready they will open the platter to let you see and making sure thats the correct order (smart). I honestly like everything I had starting from the cabbage to the rice and the jerk chicken. Chicken was crispy and flavorful, you can smell and taste the smokiness. My friend ordered honey jerk wings with mac and cheese and I only tried the mac and it was moist-could be a little more cheesy for my taste. It's been a while since I have a good, solid Jamaican food, so this was def fulfilling. The only reason this place was missing a star is bc in my platter I found 2 strands of hair. Good thing I found it toward the end, if not it would have messed up my mood. But things happen.
Will I come back? Yes, for then oxtails.My first time was amazing. I had oxtails, sweet potatoes and macaroni and cheese. I was very pleased. This place can get busy. The first time I went it was maybe two hours after they opened. If you go later in the day it can be hectic. I hope to go again, just gotta beat the crowd. 
Food is good...so I understand the crowd.My dear Kingston 11 Philly, how I adore you!
The jerk chicken is fire, the pepper steak is fire, oxtail is fire, jerk salmon is fire, the bourbon turkey wings (special menu item) is fire! 
I have yet to taste something here I don't like. My family hails from Antigua and they know the food is the real deal just from the PICTURES ALONE!!!! This is the best Jamaican local joint in Philly and I may even push it further to say the best on the east coast. 
TO FELLOW CUSTOMERS - This is a VERY popular location. You need to call in your order 30 minutes ahead of time or try to reach out via IG. This is not a location you can just pop into and hope your food choice will be available. Be smart and order ahead! Cheers!!!If you own a business that the community is willing to support, then be professional. Kingston does not open on time at 12:30, and how do you run out of chicken if it's a main menu item?? Driving from north Philly is such a trek thru traffic and detours only to be disappointed. I'll stick with Quality Taste Jamaican on Lancaster from now on.Kingston 11 Jamaican restaurant is a small Caribbean spot on Woodland ave.  I have visited Jamaica many times and often I get a craving for that down home flavor.  Kingston 11 doesn't disappoint.  On my first trip here,  I had my favorite Jamaican meal, Oxtails.  I chose to have,  after seeing another diner's plaate, the Mac & cheese instead of peas and rice.  I accompanied it with cabbage and plantains.  
The oxtails were thick,  tender and meaty, the beef fell off the bone freely, nothing like the puny,  tough oxtails I had at other spots. The baked Mac & Cheese was creamy and cheese was prominent throughout the dish. The cabbage was prepared with a twist, it was intertwined with mustard greens.  The bitterness mixed well with the sweet cabbage. 
The plantains were crisp on the outside and tender inside,  like having some dessert with your meal.
The staff and the owner are friendly and cheerful,  you should go there and experience a piece of Jamaica Mon!