Love, love, love this place.  The staff is so friendly and fast with great customer service.  They always make me feel like a regular!  My absolute favorite spot in Philly for breakfast on the go.Awesome staff, great options, creative menu with a bagel of the day and a morning special. Pretty expensive, but absolutely worth it if you're feeling spendy.I love pastrami spiced it love how it's kinda peppery but not overpowering. I'm a fan I'll def try another non traditional variety. We also ordered Togorashi and morracan spiced apricot ( it has apricot and very fragrant bagel) I love smelling each one of them before I ate them!!!So I just moved to Society Hill after spending a combined 7 years in West, Fish, and South. And while I am loving my new digs, unlike my former neighborhoods, Society Hill sometimes feels a little too fancy for me, like I don't quite belong. That's until I became a regular at Knead. 
It's basically 'Cheers' for bagels. (You guys should totally use that in your marketing.) 
But seriously the bagels and different cream cheeses and sandwiches are amazing enough but the excellent customer service puts it over the top. Every morning I go there it puts a great start on my day. And as a newcomer to this neighborhood, it made me feel like I had finally made it home. 
Ok enough sappy sap. 
Here's what you get:
1. Fennel bagel with roasted tomato cc. Literally my favorite thing ever. You gotta get it. 
2. Always try the special. If it sounds like you'd like it, try it. You miss all the bagels you don't eat. (You can use that line too.) 
3. Corned beef with health salad. As someone who used to work at Famous and who is still mildly obsessed with their health salad, lemme tell you this sammie is LEGIT. 
I can't even describe how much I love this place. Thank you for existing!Great place!  Interesting flavors, nice clean environment and friendly owners. They even gave me a few free bagels for later. I'll be back!I think I might have just found out how I'm going to carbo load for the Philly marathon. These might actually be the best bagels I've ever had in Philly. (I know. It's a strong assertion.)  I actually didn't get to go to the store itself, but my coworker brought a bunch in for a taste test. We got to try the Porcini, the Moroccan Spiced Apricot, the Black Sesame, and the Poppy. Seriously, these bagels are exactly what I look for - super soft and fluffy in the middle, with a nice tough exterior. (Fat kid alert.) The Moroccan Spiced Apricot was probably my favorite because it was so unique - sweet, but not too sweet (And I'm one of those people who hates sweet things mixed in with savory. So you know this was good!). I was honestly a little disappointed in the Porcini. I didn't get much of a Porcini flavor from it and we all thought it tasted more like Pumpernickel. I only got to try the plain cream cheese, but I can't wait to go back and try some of the flavored ones. (Kimchee cream cheese and Lemon Goat Cheese Spread? Yes please!) 
 So, in short, go to Knead. Now! Unless it's after 2 pm. Then go tomorrow.The service was friendly and quick. 
The place has a hipster-y schtick. 
But, the seating was tight,
The cream cheese was just alright.
And, the bagel was hard as a brick.Just opened today and they're off to a great start. Fast, friendly service, great bagels and coffee. They only have the breakfast menu set up so far but I look forward to the lunch menu soon. 
The wife and I tried the Fennel Seed and Sea Salt bagel with roasted tomato cream cheese. Fabulous and filling. Also had the Flax and Chia Seed bagel with red lentil hummus, which was delicious and probably a healthier choice than the other. (Couldn't help but think the tomato cream cheese would be good on the Flax and Chia Seed bagel, too.) The bagels were crisp on the outside with chewy insides, done to perfection. 
Also got two of the locally roasted Elixr coffees. It's good coffee--strong and flavorful.
Nice new breakfast and coffee option for Wash West. Check 'em out.The spreads are unique and taste great.  The bagels taste fine but the texture is super chewy, almost hard.  People don't seem to mind--it's always super busy.Delicious bagels. Took a chance on the Togarashi Bagel with Scallion Lime Cream Cheese. Very tasty!Delicious homemade bagels, affordable prices and a friendly staff make this a perfect spot for a full meal or a quick bite.The sausage, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich here is to die for. They house make the sausage and add an incredible aioli. I would buy coffee elsewhere bc it's not my favorite here. But 10/10 would recommend that breakfast sandwichPhilly has overpriced Montreal-style bagels, chain bagel stores that always leave you wanting more cream cheese, and plenty of places that recommend toasting the bagel to ensure the best taste. I've been waiting for someone to bring good bagels to Center City and Knead Bagels leaves me waiting no longer. 
I came here on a Saturday morning around 10:30 and was surprised it wasn't a mob scene. I love that they offer both traditional and non-traditional bagels and cream cheese flavors. I tried the black sesame bagel with kimchee cream cheese and Dining Partner had an everything bagel with lox, onion, cucumber and plain cream cheese. The bagels were incredibly soft and fresh. After we devoured our bagels, we also both split another everything bagel with plain cream cheese. The bagels were a good size and they didn't even come close to skimping on the cream cheese. I ended up buying a half dozen to take home and they even included a freezer bag. Fast friendly service at the counter, reasonably priced, and now officially my go-to bagel spot in Philadelphia.The bagels are pretty chewy and some of the tastiest in Philly. My only complaint would be that they are a little small for the price(almost $4 for a specialty bagel with cream cheese). But they are definitely tasty like something you would get in ny. The breakfast sandwiches also good but same thing, you don't get that much of the contents.I love this bagel place!
My work has been right around the corner for a few months and we're moving this week so I stopped in this morning to get a sandwich because I don't know when I'll get a chance to get down this way again.  I also thought, hey I'm going down the shore this weekend I'll get a dozen bagels while I'm there (and also to have some for the next few weeks because I'm really going to miss being a few blocks away!) I got a BLT sandwich which is simple, but so awesome.  I also got a bakers dozen bagels with 2 cream cheeses.  Stupid me didn't think until hours later I should put the cream cheese in the fridge, and when I went to do that I realized the cream cheese was missing.  I called them because I wasn't sure if they would want me to come back with my receipt, etc. To my surprise they said they felt so bad they didn't want me to come out in the rain that they would run them to me!  They also threw in an extra half dozen bagels!  That is customer service right there people!
Not only do they have amazing bagels with lots of "non traditional" options, amazing sandwiches, but they have the customer service to boot!  All around AMAZING place!  I highly recommend you check it out. (By the way, the roasted tomato cream cheese is out of this world!)Having had a really solid breakfast sandwich at The Bakeshop on 20th, I was looking forward to a point of comparison at highly acclaimed Knead Bagels - they delivered. 
Star 1: How were the service and atmosphere?
There's quite a bit of construction around the front of Knead Bagels, but don't let that deter you. The inside is up and running, the staff are friendly, and the service is quick. Star Granted. 
Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?
Breakfast sandwiches are traditionally cheap, which is partially what makes them so great. That being the case, I was a bit taken aback when my Pork Belly Bagel sandwich came in at $8.00. Having said that, my fears were alleviated when I saw the size of this sandwich, which was enough for a meal and a half. Star Granted. 
Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?
Wow. Where do I even start? The everything bagel wasn't the best I've ever had, but that was quickly made up for by wonderful coffee-cured pork belly, red onions, egg, cheese, and barbecue sauce. It all came together brilliantly. Dual Stars Granted. 
Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?
A great breakfast sandwich. Not overly superior to The Bakeshop on 20th, but a great option. No Star Granted.Dang! That some good s#!t ... got the sausage egg and cheese on a dark toasted garlic. Excellent! The quality of the ingredients was evident from the first bite, not oversalted or over-greased.... just right.
For the Knead folks reading this - make bialys - please! I have missed that ever since we moved south from the NYC area.They DO NOT use gloves here. Went there in the morning, ordered a bagel with butter, and watched the guy make multiple sandwiches WITHOUT gloves on. When I said something to the two girls working they had the nerve to say why do you have an allergy. What!?!? I said no that's just nasty and they looked at me as if I was wrong. This is the not the first problem I had there but I tell you it will be my last.today was my second day going here and im mad i didnt know about it all this time.. the bagels are so good! ive gotten the cardamom bagel with blood orange cream cheese and its probably the best bagel ive ever had! i will def keep coming here. the service is great. the people that work here are very nice.This place was great! I really enjoyed my bagel. I'm not a bagel expert, but I wasn't blown away by the bagel itself. What really did it for me were all the additional things and the care they put into the resulting bagel sandwich. I had one of their crafted selections, the BLT, and I still think about that thick cut bacon, the aioli, and the tomato -- and I don't even like tomatoes. This review is getting a little long, so I'll just say definitely give this place a try. The only detraction from a five star rating was the wait. It wasn't crazy busy, just moderately so, and I waited over 15 minutes for two sandwiches.One of the better bagel joints around Philly, slightly pricey for certain items but not too bad.I recently moved to a new apt right on Washington Square and saw that I might have a new bagel place, directly across the park. My girlfriend and I decided to check out Knead for some breakfast one morning. First off, once we ordered, the service was very slow. We both got coffee, and they brew Elixr coffee, which should be good, but it was really burnt and old tasting. Once we got our bagels, my girlfriend's bagel was not toasted as she had requested, and my bagel had enough cream cheese on it for 3 bagels. I had the Moroccan spiced apricot with lemon goat cheese spread. The amount of spread on it totally masked any flavor that the bagel might have and it didn't taste like much either. We went back a second time to give it a second chance, and my girlfriend again requested a toasted bagel, this time an everything with regular cream cheese. The bagel was chewy, the cream cheese kinda sour...and the bagel was not toasted again. Come on guys, even if you can't make a decent bagel, please toast it. Not going back. Go to Spread on 20th, its worth the trip from Washington Square.Fantastic. Lox bagel on everything was perfect. My husbands bacon egg and cheese was the best he's ever had (and he's had a lot). Perfect bagels!Good quick bagel stop! Had an egg/cheese/turkey bacon +added tomato on an everything bagel. Bagel was a bit chewy and didn't taste toasted; however, the egg/cheese/turkey bacon/tomato combo was delicious and fresh. I chose to hold their house aioli, which I was happy about as there is plenty of cheese melted on the bagel sandwich. Would try again, just need to make sure the bagels are toasted!I've been here twice, and both times not only was the service exceptional, the food was off the charts! The first time I had my favorite, the everything bagel. Not everyone can make a good everything bagel, but like goldilocks, this one was just right! Today, I tried the Turkey bacon, egg, and cheese on the togarashi bagel - can you say, "mmm?" "Mmm!" Don't be afraid to try new things here, it'll be very tasty! They'll definitely have my repeat business.let me begin this review by telling you a little bit about myself: i'm usually hungry and i love bagels. that being said, i was excited to learn about knead bagels and then overjoyed when i first went. i've since returned many times.
i LOVE the veggie bagel sandwich: lentil hummus, avocado, red peppers, sprouts on a superfood bagel - a bit of creative genius is going on in there. the breakfast sandwiches are also yum! my fave bagel is the fennel seed and sea salt - try it! the soups always sound delish, but i can't resist the bagels. 
the service is always quick and friendly. everything is so fresh. they deliver. they have amazing specials. the food combinations are amazing. i've bageled around the area (and beyond) and knead is by far the most flavorful bagel i've tasted. enjoy!I guess I've just been spoiled with NY bagels.
I really wanted to like this place since I live pretty close and bagels are a necessity in my life.
I paid a little over $9 for my lox bagel, which I thought was outrageous.
But the most disappointing part was the bagels that were as hard as Regina George's mom's boobs.I woke up yesterday and decided I needed some bagels.  This place was the closest.  It is definitely not for traditionalists.  The bagels are quite good though, as are the egg sandwiches etc.  One issue that almost lost them a star:  poppyseed bagels and not sesame bagels!!  I ordered my egg sandwich on a sesame bagel, and it came on a poppyseed bagel.  Ok, I thought, maybe I made a mistake or was misheard.  But then I opened the bagel bag this morning (I had ordered half-dozen), and in place of the two sesame bagels I ordered were two poppy.  I hate poppyseed bagels, so i know it wasn't me.  Have to edit this - my wife pointed out that they were black sesame seeds on the bagel.  This doesn't make things better - to me, a sesame bagel is a sesame bagel - no need to fix what works!
I'm editing this to give it five stars - I subtracted one because of the sesame seed issue.  The owner contacted me, was very nice and offered to give me free replacement bagels the next time I come in.  That is great customer relations.Great place for buying a bagel or bagel breakfast sandwich or for just buying a dozen bagels. The coffee is great and the unique specials everyday are wonderfulI think that its nasty they don't wear gloves. If you taking a safe serve class you would know that gloves are a must.I woke up Saturday morning feeling, as my Carolina friends might say, like death warmed over. I spent the first half hour of consciousness sending whiny Snapchats and wondering, David After Dentist-style, "Why is this happening to me?" But then, something magical happened. Something that social media, god bless it, made possible. The folks at Knead Bagels, a new bagel joint at 7th and Walnut, tweeted out a photo of a bagel covered in schmear. I knew what I had to do.
As I'd been eye-ing Knead for some time now, drawn to the exciting bagel flavors and intriguing cream cheese options, I had a feeling this was just what the doctor ordered. I begrudgingly donned all the rainy cold weather attire needed for a miserable winter morning and headed out the door. A woman with a mission.
The space is open and almost rustic. Think wood, think chalkboard menu, beautiful art on the walls. And though my tastebuds were piqued by options like pastrami spice, togarashi, fennel seed & sea salt, flax and chia seed bagels.... scallion lime, kimchee, roasted tomato, and balsamic cherry cream cheeses.... I knew what I needed.
I squirreled my special bagel back home to be enjoyed on the comfort of my couch as I watched something dumb and mindless on TV. The verdict?
MEDICINAL. Momentarily disregard the bags under my eyes and realize that these bagels.... I'm fairly certain they've got healing properties. Because as I consumed my nigella seed bagel, full of burnt onion flavoring, and the hearty bacon-filled cream cheese (spice and sweet, oh yes), I felt rejuvenated from the inside out.
They deliver (but check your location, first) and the prices are totally reasonable. Knead has won my heart and my tummy. Philly (k)needed a new bagel spot, and Knead delivered.Don't believe those other reviews with one stars.  When you really read them they are criticizing this place for not being "New York-style bagels."  Are you serious?  Go to NY to get them!
This was our first time being here since it opened and we walked in right at the Saturday late-morning rush, but let me tell you, it was worth the wait!  To start, we had the coconut curry cream cheese on a sesame seed bagel and it was absolutely delicious.  It was like having a little Thai/Indian savory blend on my bagel that was not even remotely overpowering or too thick.  It had a great texture.
To follow, we ordered a housemade sausage, egg, cheese on an everything bagel and had to try the special today - pork roll, fried egg, peppers and cheddar on a fennel seed/salt bagel.  I literally could not decide between the two which I liked better, they were both so so good.  I have never had a bagel breakfast sandwich as good as this, and I've had many types/kinds of breakfast bagel sandwiches all over Philly!  The egg in both sandwiches were perfectly fried and perfect in thickness and so was the meat on both sandwiches.  Not too overbearing with the amount of cheese either, which I can't stand with some places.
Needless to say, we arrived starving, and left happily full.  We also may or may not have bought some additional bagels and a tub of that kimchi cream cheese to go.  Did I mention they make their own cream cheese flavors too? 
Just go.  I mean seriously, stop reading this and go.
;)Yum yum yummy bagels. I'm never disappointed when I make the 30 minute ride into the city for these bagels. Their sausage, egg, and cheese with garlic aioli is EVERYTHING!!! After living In New York for a couple years, I'd like to think I know a good bagel when I have one (they are no NYC bagel, but they come pretty darn close in comparison to other bagel spots around). The bagels have a nice chewy texture to them and compliment well with whatever you order on them. I've also had the creme cheese and lox on a sesame seed bagel which was also very good. The line can get long on a weekend morning but it's definitely worth the wait. Knead bagel, why haven't I known about you this whole time I've lived in Philly?! Definitely give this place a try.Best bagel I've had in Philly so far! Cold Brew also not too shabby. I can see myself coming here often.We love this place. They have interesting menu combinations and specials (my favorite was the tandoori that I got to indulge in only once). Our go to here is the sea salt and fennel bagel with the tomato cream cheese.  We got ours toasted and they were extra good.  The everything bagel with the turkey bacon, egg and aioli is pretty amazing too. 
This place gets really busy.  We ordered ahead but you still have to wait in the long line to pay before getting your do.  Sometimes this sucks because if we had the bagels toasted they start getting cold quickly.  Wish they had a separate pick up line for phone orders.  
The staff is extreme nice and helpful though! 
EveryoneRecently saw Knead featured as one of the best brunch spots in the city - and knew I had to make my way there ASAP. Today was the day, as I only come into the office on Monday and Fridays and Knead is closed on Mondays. Just headed over with the early bird crowd (they open at 6:30am ScOrE!)
Love the set up of the shop - cute but not over the top cute!  I ordered the smoked salmon bagel and it is deeeelish.  
I work at 9th and chestnut and passed 4 spots to grab a bagel on my way to / from knead (Dibruno, DD, Starbucks, le pain quotidien) - but I must say , this sandwich was totally worth it.  Looking forward to my visit next Friday, when I will be trying the whitefish bagel and the fresh squeezed OJ!!!The service was really friendly, so I feel bad giving three stars, but you can't eat service. I got a lox sandwich on everything, and it was pretty disappointing. Like methadone to a junkie, these bagels just don't quite cut it. Dense and hard to chew, the bagel squeezed out all of its toppings instantly. There was barely a slice of salmon on the sandwich, and the onions seemed like they were shaved on a deli slicer the day before. I really wanted to like this place, but if you want a serious bagel, just go to Spread or South St. Bagels.Mike is a good dude. So helpful, super courteous, and nice.
On to the bagels, I've been here a few times and it's been delish each time. Consistency is important for any kind of food establishment, but a good bagel joint for sure!
High quality ingredients and well-made bagels! They also serve Mighty Leaf tea, a good brand of tea.
Make your way to this great place! And, meet Mike 'cuz we need more "Mikes" in this world! :)While visiting my daughter in the hospital from California, I had lots of time to walk around and discover places to go. I am so happy that I wandered in and found this amazing bagel shop. We don't really have good bagels in Cali I always heard something about the water. I got waited on right away and within minutes I had a wonderful roast beef sandwich with pickled kale with an aoli dressing on a bagel. The bagel was perfect, so crunchy yet chewy inside and I was a bit skeptical about the kale but somehow it worked! It was such a delicious feast and everything is homemade I found out. I  took  some bagels with the tomato cream cheese to the family at home and they all loved them. I hope they come to California and open a Knead Bagels here..................... THEY ROCK!  And what is all the hipster crap about anyways????WE FINALLY HAVE A GREAT BAGEL PLACE IN PHILLY.
If you are like me, and know there's no better way to start your weekend than a hot breakfast sandwich, you need Knead in your life. My go-to order is a bacon, egg & cheese on a togarashi bagel, which comes with a delicious Knead aioli spread. The slight kick of the chili pepper spice on the bagel contrasts perfectly with the creamy aioli and the bacon is thick and crispy (as all bacon should be). There's also an option for turkey bacon if that's what floats your boat!
They also have freshly squeezed OJ which is delicious!
PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT: they also deliver. If you are too lazy to get out of bed, they will deliver your hangover cure right to your door via Caviar, starting at 9 am. There is nothing better.
Another insider tip: Follow them on Instagram for daily specials and food porn! @kneadbagelsI love this place! Their bagels are delicious and their breakfast sandwiches are some of the best I've had. Togarashi bagel is the best, especially if you love spicy. The service is also really good. Everyone is really friendly and they are helpful if you can't decide what to order or have questions.This place was great! Lavender bagel with vanilla-honey cream cheese was unique and delicious. Decor was adorable and staff was very friendly! If you're looking for a bagel place that will give you more options than the usual places, I'd highly recommend!Had a fantastic everything bagel with scrambled egg, bacon, cheese and aioli. 
I've been travelling the US for three weeks now and this is by far the best one I've had. Even better than east village in NY. Also came out very quick and hot while the place was busy.
Keep up the great work!Philly isn't really known for their bagels but this is a good spot to go to if you're craving a bagel. They have  indoor seating and outdoor seating. Food usually comes out quick and is not a long wait. They always have a special of the day every day, it's cool if you're into tying new stuff. 
 I usually get the togarashi with scallion cream cheese. I used to get the poblano cream cheese but they discontinued that which was disappointing since it was my favorite. I've also tried the barley and chickpea salad, which is good. 
Orange juice is not freshly made there even though they advertise fresh orange juice, I've seen them pouring it out of a jug.I always feel guilty writing bad reviews, especially for new places where entrepreneurs with a dream have poured their heart and soul into a place... but for that very reason, and because I'd really like to see this place succeed and get it right, I feel like I have to write this so they can work out their opening kinks and I can come back and amend my review.
First and foremost it's important I mention the bagel itself was very tasty (and good coffee too!), despite the fact that it wasn't what I wanted/ordered.  This is where I have my issues.  I had my heart set on an everything bagel, but when I got there at noon I was told they were all out of everything bagels.  Very disappointing since it's the most popular kind of bagel and they didn't seem to make enough of them for a Sunday.  Fail.  But it happens, even the most seasoned bagel places run out of everythings on busy weekend days from time to time.  So I'm like, fine, I'll have poppy instead with egg whites and cheese.  Unfortunately I took my sandwich to go and when I got home I realized I was given a plain bagel with regular eggs!  Then I thought well maybe they don't do egg whites -- which would've been fine, but if so this is something that should have been mentioned to me when I asked for the egg whites in the first place. Nevertheless, again, despite it being the complete wrong order it was a very good bagel sandwich.
My second complaint is that when I went to pay with my credit card, the cashier turned the computer screen into my face and there I was presented with different tip options for my yet-to-be-made sandwich.  This really rubbed me the wrong way.  Tips are designed to reward good service, which I am not in the habit of doing before said service has been rendered. I ended up tipping 15% because a) they're all new at this and I felt badly, and b) I felt pressured into it as the girl stood there and watched me. I really wish they would remove this option, it just makes customers feel uncomfortable.  I usually drop some change into a tip jar if there is one, but being watched as I choose to tip or not to tip is just plain awkward.
In summation... I'll definitely be back to this place, but I guess I'll have to get there earlier to get my everything bagel, and I'll have to watch them like a hawk to make sure they get the order right....andd they're not getting tipped until they do! :)My friend and I went to Knead to breakfast one weekday morning, there is a coffee shop in our office building but we had been wanting to try knead for a while. We finally made our way over and we were happy with our breakfast! I got the lox bagel sandwich, I have never had one so I figured now was a good time as any. The ingredients were fresh and the sandwich was GIANT. My friend got the sausage egg and cheese which comes with their homemade aioli and she absolutely loved it, 3 weeks later she still talks about it! That is next on my must try list there. While everything was great I still think they are a tad overpriced, but worth the treat every now and then. I am looking forward to going back.My first disappointment was not having a pumpernickel bagel on the menu.  Just haven't found a good pumpernickel bagel in the city and was hopeful. Next - can celery become a condiment additive?  Celery is in the tuna and chicken salad; disappointing. Sometimes I don't have the time to pick it out. Let's have a "celery free" day!Bad bagels, more like the tough taste and texture of a baguette then a good slowly fermented, poached, chewy on the inside bagel.I know that it was the opening weekend of this place, but I still left feeling a bit disappointed. I showed up here on Saturday around 11am and found it pretty crowded. The first task is actually figuring out who has ordered, where the line is, and where to stand after you have ordered. Once we got to the register, we ordered two bagel sandwiches and coffees. The girl at the register seemed flustered, and the man making bagels was yelling things to the other employees, who all didn't seem prepared for the flood of people. I had wanted a latte, but didn't want to wait and hold things up even more, so the regular coffee was fine. The place is definitely not "cozy" by any means, though it is sleek and well designed-- it's probably better-suited for people to just grab and go. 
About 15 minutes after ordering, my name was called. I was so excited to retrieve the food, but was told that they were out of what we ordered (an everything bagel). An offer to substitute with a "power everything bagel" with flax and chia seeds was offered, and I obliged. Then I went back and sat down for over 20 more minutes (we were lucky to have snagged a table!). By this time, we were pretty sure our breakfast had been forgotten, and I went up to ask at the counter, only to hear many others muttering that they too had been waiting for over half an hour. The bagel sandwiches finally came and they were very good. The bagels themselves were light and fluffy and the toppings (we got the kale & pimento on one and the bacon and egg on another) were also delicious. However, the wait was honestly ridiculous for a bagel sandwich, and we could have had a sit-down meal after it all. I will probably come back, but just to pick up items to go... I want to try that kimchee cream cheese!Why have I only found out about this place now? Seriously the best bagel shop in the area. Ordered the sausage, egg and cheese with everything bagel and it is absolutely the best. It has an aioli spread that makes it so much better. One thing I like about this place is the different type of flavors they have here. Next time I visit, I want to try the kimchi cream cheese with black sesame bagel. Something unordinary but can totally rock your socks off.Bottom line:  Bagels are better at Spread; spreads are better at Knead.  Sea salt fennel with roasted tomato cream cheese was delicious.  Veggie cream cheese had more veggies than usual, which is a plus.  Both the bagels and cream cheeses were very flavorful; the bagels themselves were decent texture-wise but not super fresh.
The bagels are also smaller than normal, which I personally appreciated.  They also don't toast unless you specifically ask.  Wait was a little long but not outlandish.  I'd like to come back for the kale salad.Great bagels and spreads. I just had the sweet potato curry cream cheese, which was delcious. They recommend bagels that taste well with their spreads, which is a great touch.
Between 11-2 there's a lunch special, where you can add a salad and drink to your sandwich for $4.Came in on a rainy Monday right before closing. I was greeted by a simple, clean, and bright interior, similar to many a coffee shop. Scanned their menu of eclectic bagel/spread combos and decided on the Moroccan spiced apricot bagel with lemon goat cheese spread. I also decided to bring some bagels home for my roommates to try and they were on the house since they were closing soon. Super appreciated! 
The bagel was everything I wanted and more. The flavor combination worked even better than I had hoped. The bagel was slightly sweet and you could definitely taste the spices. Cinnamon raisin's cooler older sister. The spread was also great and I'd consider  buying it separately to smear on... everything. My only suggestion would be asking if customers wanted their bagels toasted or not. By the time I got home 15 minutes later, the toasted bagel had done that thing where it's soft but hard. But!.. it was okay with me, every bite was still tasty af.
Coffee was good. Service was very friendly and accommodating. I look forward to seeing place grow and get its footing among the difficult wsw/cc crowd.What a pleasant way to start my morning! I take breakfast seriously, so i don't usually stray away from my usual bagel spot. But Im glad I tried something new today. Not only where the bagel delish, but the service was great and the entire experience was pleasant. I'll be sure to return!First time here & I'm a fan!! Delicious, high quality bagels with unique spreads. They don't skimp on the cream cheese- very generous portions. The staff are super friendly & helpful. Haven't left yet & already can't wait to return.Still searching for a decent bagel in philly. Putting bacon, egg and cheese on a bagel shouldn't be this hardKnead's bagels are good, comparable to other philly bagel places. The spreads are unique, the roasted tomato cream cheese being my favorite thus far. The cold brew is delicious.
I  most recently went early on a Sunday afternoon and was greeted by a dramatically diminshed bagel list. And although the everything bagel I picked out was delicious, the service was quite slow for being the only person in line. I would hesitate to come here during the morning rush.I am ecstatic that Knead Bagels opened up a few blocks from my work (trust me, it was very much anticipated).  I stopped in on Wednesday for my go to breakfast sandwich - bacon, egg, and cheese on a toasted everything bagel.  The staff was friendly and the wait wasn't long.  Most importantly, the sandwich was delicious.  I never thought of having aioli on a breakfast sandwich - but it works....very, very well.  You have made me a repeat customer!Delicious bagels and incredibly friendly people. I always have a positive experience. Definitely worth a trip!Knead's egg sandwich is delicious.  It's overpriced, but there's nothing as good in Philadelphia, at least that I've found.
The coffee is bad.  They need better coffee.Great service and delicious food! The staff was very friendly, helpful and they took the time to explain about their products thoroughly. You could taste how fresh the eggs and bacon were. Also the everything bagels weren't overloaded with seeds, which they usually are. We will definitely be returning!My wife is from Long Island and loves a good bagel with cream cheese.  The weather was good and the bikes were calling.  We biked down for coffee and bagels on a beautiful Spring Saturday.
The cold brew was fantastic.  The hot coffee was very good as well.  I opted for an everything bagel with egg and cheese.  It was tasty; like every good bagel, it had a great crispy outside and a soft, doughy inside.  There was an avocado mayo spread inside that complemented the hot egg and cheese combination really nicely.  The salt was not overwhelming and the other ingredients were proportioned perfectly.  My wife's bagel was excellent and the spread had the right cheesiness to it.
The prices are reasonable and the seating along the wide-open large windows was comfortable if a little tight.
A great bagel experience in Philadelphia for sure!  I'm sure I'll be back for the non-traditional bagels on the list.  I'm particularly eyeing the kimchie bagel!  More stars to come, I'm sure.This is not your typical bagel store.  They have unique spreads, bagel flavors, and bagel sandwiches.  I am a big fan of their sausage egg and cheese with their aioli- such a fun twist on a breakfast sandwich.  As a side note, their sandwiches do tend to be on the more expensive side for bagel sandwiches though, so don't be alarmed at the register when you order one.Wanted to give this place one more chance.  Maybe it was opening jitters, maybe it was an off day.  Nope, it is still awful, picked up a bagel with cream cheese and lox at 11 on a Saturday, figured I would get a fresh and tasty bagel.  I was wrong, bagel is still pretty bad, hard to the point where it was difficult to chew.  I'd say on par with the bagels they sell at Super Fresh.  I don't see how this place gets such positive reviews, oh wait, bagels suck in Philly, so the bar isn't set that high.Knead bagels helps you with that bagel craving that you'll have every weekend morning, but I feel that the quality of bagels is not the best that Philly has to offer. The bagels are a bit chewy and hard which actually made my jaw tired by the end of the sandwich. Some people like this, but Im more of a crispy outside and soft inside bagel man. The coffee was average and nothing to write home about. They do have a great selection of bagels, sandwiches and cream cheeses though! The service was quick and friendly. The place isnt too big but they do have some outside seating. So if youre craving a bagel and youre in the area then you can hit this spot for sure.
Pro Tip - go after 1:30 before they close and you can get a half pint of cream cheese and get a half dozen bagels FORR FREEEEEEEEThis place is cute and small. I ordered lox w/ scallion lime cream cheese on an everything bagel. It was good, but not the best.I got the garlic bagel with veggie cream cheese. The flavors were great but the bagel itself was a little hard. Not sure if it wasn't as fresh bc we got the bagels at 11am.I live above this place and as far as I'm concerned it is the best addition to the Washington square neighborhood in the past 10years. The specials are out of this world (even when they sound crazy). The service is friendly and speedy and the product is delicious. The classic bagel flavors are amazing, but don't be afraid to try some of the more unusual ones - you won't be disappointed!A bagel, what's so special about a bagel? Come to Knead bagels and find out!! Glorious, chewy, soft on the inside, lots of choices of bagels and spreads, I got an everything with scallion-lime cream cheese, that with an ice cold bottled water, $5 served with a smile.  Absolutely delicious!!!Went here both mornings of our recent visit to Philly. Delicious bagels in interesting flavors with different specials daily. The chorizo and salsa egg bagel looked delicious but I have to say, I love everything bagels above all else and the everything with plain cream cheese was really, really great. Maybe the best I've ever had. Next time I'm trying the Togarashi with lime scallion cream cheese. 
Plenty of seating and tasty local coffee. Friendly owners. Definitely go!Great bagels. Great cream cheese spreads. Usually pretty busy. Has nice outdoor seating that is pet friendly. Fresh OJ and they accept credit cards!!IMO, these are some of the best bagels in Philly (the second runner-up for me is South Street Bagels on 3rd Street).  They do all the classics well, and also have a rotating selection of unique bagel flavors like za'atar and fennel seed+sea salt, and homemade spreads like roasted tomato or scallion lime cream cheese.  My only gripe is that the coffee here is no good...it's usually burnt or cold.  Stop somewhere else for coffee on the way and eat your bagel to-go in Washington Square Park.Bagels galore! At first the bagels seemed a bit pricey, but you can paying for a quality product. The lines are usually long, but more relatively quick.I've been here twice. The first time I got the coffee-cured pork belly sandwich on a togarashi bagel.. I'm pretty sure they used regular bacon on mine because it was about 1/4 as thin as everyone's pictures of the same sandwich. 
The second time I got the vanilla honey cream cheese spread on a lavender bagel (suggested on their menu). It was very tasty, but they put three times as much cream cheese that's necessary, and it was hardly even toasted. It was actually just soft and slightly warm, giving it the texture and taste of a microwaved bagel.
Their cold brew's not bad, though.After reading so many reviews on this place and searching far and wide for a good bagel spot near Center City, I knew I couldn't delay coming here any longer. I ran over before my classes and was worried about a line. There was no line when I went in, thankfully, and I ordered two bagels to split with a friend: lavender with honey vanilla cream cheese and lox on everything. Wow. Both of these bagels and the fixins were so good. The lox was fresh, the cream cheese was flavorful, the bagel options were creative and different. I'll definitely be back.Awesome variety of bagels/cream cheese priced fairly. Great coffee too. I am certain this place will only get better with time. The smoked chopped liver cream cheese is incredible. Can't wait to try the Togarashi spiced bagel!
New favorite bagel place in center city.Easily one of (if not the) best bagel place. So happy they exist:]]Great bagel place. The people behind the counter were quite friendly, and we didn't leave smelling like bagels. I'm a bagel purist, and only ever get an everything with cream cheese. The bagel I had was tasty and seasoned well. Will def be stopping again, shit is right!I was torn between a 2- and a 3 star rating but overall the service was the tipping point. 
First the good:
The everything bagel is great and the lemon goat cheese spread was super tasty. The tomato and goat cheese soup was good but it was missing something. I can't figure out what it is but it just seems to not quite hit the mark. 
Now onto the bad;
the service-I get it, it's a hipster place but this is kind of a business area between the office buildings and the hospital and doctors offices. People need to get in and get out. Take a cue from El Fuego next door, you can move people through pretty quickly. Weekends might be a different story but catering to the week day breakfast on the way in and a quick takeout lunch is key.  The girl who took my order was possibly on xanax or valium or something that slooooowwwwedddd her way, way down. She left my money on the counter. The other girl seemed a little more together but she was flirting with a customer who was explaining the finer art of using an espresso machine (I was there for a good part of the tutorial..) 
The Price-
A bit steep for what it is- steep enough that I don't think I'll be in every day.
I know that this place is new, new and going through growing pains. I want nothing more than to see it succeed. Address the service issues, adjust the price point/ value for the price and I don't see why this place can't make it. I will revisit in a month and see where they are and reevaluate.Amazing house made sausage egg and cheese on black sesame bagel with aoli spread. I would give a 5 star and visit at least once a week if it wasn't 7 and change for the sandwich. Maybe throw in a small coffee for that price point? Awesome place and staff overall!