Though I am only 28, I feel like I have outgrown the crazy party bars! I am a fan of KNOCK! I love the style of the bar and I enjoy the food in the restaurant. It's the kind of place that makes you want to settle in for a while instead of bar hopping. Well, during most of the day. At night, it becomes a pit stop of sorts and I prefer to be there at an earlier time. Just me, but I also love the brunch. It's a simple menu which is all you need and the staff is very personable a easy-going. I believe the two who run the place are brothers and one of them has greeted us everytime. I am so glad that a great business will survive in this often cursed location on the corner of 12th and Locust. I believe KNOCK is here to stay!The only reason I'm knocking off a star is because they ran out of the filet medallions that I really wanted.  My girlfriend and I were pretty surprised when we first walked in--there were hardly any women in there at all!  After adjusting to that, we were greeted by the extremely friendly host--he asked what our names were and joked around with us. Definitely a good sign!  The interior is very soothing, with its dark wood walls and warm lighting.  The bright abstract paintings on the walls I could do without but that's clearly my personal taste.  
We were seated at a cozy table away from the window (since the host could tell that we were freezing from the outside) and our attentive waiter came over immediately to fill our water glasses.  We started off with drinks (my GF's Mai Thai was delicious) and settled on starting with the Parmesan chicken tenders.  They came out very quickly and were delicious.  While still clearly being chicken tenders, they were light and the honey mustard dipping sauce was excellent!
After sadly finding out that they had run out of filet medallions, I settled on the braised short rib (since the waiter suggested it and said it was their most popular item) and my GF had the BBQ chicken flat bread.  The food came out quite promptly and man, I was not disappointed in the short rib.  The chili powder sauce, while giving the meat a bit of kick, was not overpowering and the meat simply melted in your mouth.  The mashed potatoes that came with it were also excellent.  The GF's flat bread was delicious and surprisingly filling for not being terribly big.  Unfortunately, we were both too stuffed for dessert but I have a feeling we'll be coming back here soon to try the filet, as well as dessert.  I whole heartedly recommend this restaurant if you want fast, friendly service as well as a delicious meal.We've been here several times as Knock is one of our friend's favorite places in the gayborhood. The staff are warm, friendly, and not hard on the eyes!  :-)  The bar is well stocked and the staff are efficient and nearly always provide service with a smile. I also like the local vibe to the place....lots of regulars that the staff know by name.
The menu is varied, there are always specials and the food is decent in both taste and price. Pizza, burgers, salads, slabs o' meat, are all on the menu. A decent variety of choices, nicely prepared. With the dining scene in Philly as hot as it is, I don't think we would have been here as often but a friend is a friend. One of these days we will give it a try for brunch.This place is like two different restaurants sometimes. Service is lousy 80 percenty of the time. We are in here every Sunday as this is where the group likes to go.  Some of the food can be good and other times it's of a poor nature. I think maybe they have two different lead cooks/chefs? I ordered a stuffed burger last week, it was on the special menu and it came out over done with a burnt roll.  (second week in a row I got a burnt roll) I sent it back and it came out rare with parts that were raw. I didn't want to send it back again because it would seem I was being too picky and someone else was paying the check, so okay I let it go. I have always been a fan of the atmosphere and also a year or so ago I had some fantastic lamb chop, so I put this review right in the middle. IF YOU DON'T LIKE OVER DONE OR RAW MEAT DON'T COME.Happen to come here with friends on a humbug and it was awesome. The menu isn't super lengthy but what they have is super delightful and they make it well. Had the chicken salad sandwich that had grapes. Was a little apprehensive about the grapes but it was a sweet surprise. Prices were reasonable and  the atmosphere quaint. I was a pleasant unexpected dining experience. Would definitely go back. Came back and had rhe shrimp and crab po'boy sandwich and all I got to say now is.  I love this place!!Went for Sunday brunch.  My server Jesse was helpful and attentive without being overbearing.  Got crab cake with spinach and fresh fruit.  Jesse warned that the crab cake was small.  I'm not a fan of oversized portions and found it to be the exact right size.  The fruit had been cut that morning.  The bloody mary is the only drink you'll need because it's strong.  I'll be back next week.Checked this spot out last night for a before dinner drink while waiting for a table Garces. We found 2 spots at the friendly bar and placed our order. The drink menu was fine for me but my friend, a self imposed beer snob was skeptical when he noticed "miller lite " on tap and his fears were realized when he found a typo on menu describing his beer as an IPA when it clearly was a pale ale. Reasonable prices for 2 drinks and the staff was friendly and attentive. I would check out again and maybe sit outside and have a lite bite.Nice atmosphere, attentive staff, average food. The martinis are excellent. The food- meh, forgettable. I had the shrimp flatbread. The flatbread itself was thin and crispy. The flavor wasn't great though. It was a little reminiscent of a frozen dinner. My friend had the chicken caesar salad. It was ok, once again nothing special. Overall, I would come back for the drinks and the atmosphere, but probably not for the food.I like this place, and I recommend it.
It has gradually improved over the years - yes, I've been patronizing Knock since it first opened - and the food is quite good. The salads, entrees and desserts are excellent in fact. I'm sure some of the other reviewers might have come in on an off night, but I will assure you that the "regulars" are devoted to this place and it's very popular.
The decor is attractive and upscale. In the warmer months you can sit outside, cafe style.
Of all the gay bars in Philly, Knock has the best cocktails of all. The bartenders are experts and you don't have to worry about ordering a Sidecar, a Sazerac, a Mudslide, or a Scarlett O'Hara ... they are masters of alcoholic beverages, the drinks are strong, not watered down.Very nice bar in the Gayborhood for dining and conversation.  This is one of the few where you can actually hear the conversation with the person you are there with, as the music isn't deafening!  The food is pretty darn good and worth the trip. Bar staff is freindly and hot, especially that asian barback they have!! YUMMY!Knock had been recommended to me by a bartender from another place in the neighborhood as a good meal so I checked it out and did indeed find it good.  The wait-staff was friendly and attentive, the decor was modern but warm, and there was a great vibe in the place.  I enjoyed my first visit so much I brought my work team out to dinner this week again.  We all had great meals and found our waiter, Aaron, sociable, attentive, and really added to the whole dining experience.  There was no rushing us out and we ended up staying for several hours talking and enjoying the desserts and coffee.  I thought the prices were moderate when you throw in a glass or two of wine, but it wasn't outrageous or unexpected.
I haven't spent anytime in the bar area but it appears bustling with a nice crowd that wasn't too loud but made the space feel alive.  I'll definitely be back.When on a weekend in Philly from RI, we ended up at Knock after being turned away at Barbuzzo and El Vez.  What a pleasant happenstance.
We walked in to a large, boisterous after-work cocktail crowd (no problem for us.)  It took a moment for the host to notice we were waiting, but after that, we received excellent service for the remainder of our meal.
Our waiter was attentive without being overly present.  Cocktails were tasty and ice cold.  The asparagus fries are crispy with a hint of tang from the horseradish aioli.  We had a caprese salad that was on special, featuring local tomatoes that were ripe and juicy; and the steak and macaroni and cheese, which, on our server's suggestion, we went light on the blue cheese (which was a great tip on his part).
We rarely order dessert, but since we'd had a fairly light dinner, we thought we'd at least check it out.  An old school dessert tray arrived at our table, which was hilarious, though it was only stocked with cakes.  My feeling on cake is that it's only a vehicle for frosting.  So we opted for the cucumber lemon sorbet, which turned out to be more like an italian ice (the texture was extremely hard and crystallized), but tasty nonetheless.  We were just afraid we'd break the cocktail glass it was served in!
All in all, I would definitely recommend Knock and will return next time we're in town!Cute little spot to sit with a special pal and have a few drinks without the distractions or kerfuffle of the other bars.   It feels elegant and classic.   The food is divine as well.   Drinks are moderately priced.   You won't feel like a creepy perv if you have to be alone here.   The bartenders will show you a good time, foo sure.   Their bathroom is also top notch, spacious and plenty of privacy.   Definitely recommend.OMG to be far away from home and to find THE place that made us feel at home and welcomed.  Generous cocktails , fabulous appetizers. ...  dinner still to come.Came here once a few years ago and now again for my current work conference.  Much more down-to-earth and relatively quiet compared to the other bars in the area, older crowd, and friendly bartenders, not crowded at all on a Sunday but pretty busy on Saturday.  Had dinner here on the previous visit and it was crowded but fun with decent food.   Definitely recommend for the older and more mature crowd with an avoidance of the trashier options in the hood.Five of us went to Knock last night, and had a blast. We decided to share dishes so we tried many of their specialties, and they were all terrific. Woody, the owner, came and sat with us, so we got to know the history of the place as well. While more a gay restaurant, it welcomes everyone, and I highly recommend it.I've enjoyed the best of martinis & times when we lived in the city.  We always stopped here with our friends for drinks when out for the evening.  The martinis are large enough to be kiddie pools and they are always delish.  The food can be a little hit or miss but generally more hit than miss.  We are usually sit at the bar and have always had the best of service from all the bartenders.  We've also experienced Phillip as a server and yes he's a bit of a bitch.  The rest of the staff more than makes up for him though.I am a brunch harlot. I think it has to do with my being related to Ron Swanson. Knock really blew me away with their brunch menu. OR SHOULD I SAY KNOCKED ME OVER?! No. I won't. No brunch puns. 
Knock was open, the morning after Irene, which merits a star right there. The host was also doubling as a server for part of the dining area and let me tell you... he was on top of his shit. My party was promptly seated and had water within a few minutes. Coffee followed shortly and my mug never went below half full.  Another star. 
So, I normally order gimmcky french toast (that day it was cookies and creme) but I decided to try their southern biscuit gravy dish. I had bacon, instead of Canadian bacon. My friends got ... they got food but really, my food just blew me away so I didn't pay attention to my friends food.* Crispy bacon, the biscuits were perfect and really... if I could have that meal every week I would be very very happy and very very fat. Every star, ever for crispy bacon with lots of melty goodness and biscuits! 
Our server was kind enough to bring a drink menu. I asked for a screwdriver and it was as though Lucille Bluth made it. A lot of vodka and some orange juice. Just the way I like it. Bless you Knock, BLESS YOU. 
Oh and I felt like such a heathen, dressed in jean shorts. Everyone else in the restaurant was dressed as EVERY man should be dressed; well. Next time I go, I'll make sure to have something a little more dignified on. 
*pancakes of the day; something with walnuts and fruit. My other friend had a flat bread sandwich.I have a love hate relationship with knock. On a good night, it's a fun crowd, good food and a good mood. Although, sometimes depending on whether or not they're hosting private parties or if there are cliques scattered about, you may or may not get acknowledged or served. I prefer the upscale feel of the place but a burger could put you in the poor house. Overall I will give it a good rating because I do enjoy spending my time there..Stopped in while traveling. Nice interior. But your typical gay restaurant. Overpriced drinks marginal food. It was "so-so"--it was one of several places we visited in CC while in town-- it was "just OK"Came here with a group of colleagues. Nice selection of wine, beer, and specialty cocktails.  I had the steak medium rare. It was cooked exactly the way I liked and well seasoned. I would come back next time I'm in town.Here for an event for business. The bar we had the event was just too loud and the food was less than desirable. Since our hotel was only 4 blocks away, decided to just try to find something for dinner as it was close to 9p already. 
Saw several that had sidewalk dinning, but with lots of people. Walked few more blocks and came to this place. Wasn't as busy and priced decent. My colleague and I got seated right away. 
Since we were in Philly, was craving cheesesteak. They had the flat bread version which I got along with an order of shrimp and calamari on the side.  We were served with bread first, but it was not very fresh. 
Food came our within 10min. The fried shrimp was good but the calamari was mostly the head of the squid, which I didn't care for. 
Then came my flat bread cheese steak. The flat bread was round like that of a small pizza and was cut as such. The meat and cheese was very stingy with maybe 4 oz meat at most?  Didn't have much flavor and the bread was burnt so I just scrape and ate the topping. 
For the money, it's not worth it. Guess I should have checked Yelp before coming here.Absolutely dreadful.  The decor reminds me of a tired Marriott in downtown Harrisburg.  Everytime I walk in, I'm overwhelmed by what seems to be the odor of a powerful cleaning solution.  
The food is dreadful on a good day.
It would be difficult for the service to be worse.  If they know you, they appear to treat a customer well, but if you are not a regular, all you get his attitude.I've given up on nearly every damn gay bar in this city - but Knock is the one exception.
I have never eaten food here, so my rating only applies to the bar, which in my opinion is awesome if you like strong, large drinks for a good price, oh, and you like older gay guys. 
I am a not young/not old  lesbian. So, I am quite often the only female in the bar, which is fine by me. The bartenders are super sweet, the martinis come in martini glasses from IKEA - which if you have seen these things - you know are enormous. 
Two drinks at Knock is like having 4-5 at any other establishment. It's a total bargain.
The bar is "classy" looking. The bathrooms are almost always totally clean - and the sinks glow red!
Least favorite thing about Knock: very crowded on any given night past 6pm and the bar tables are "reserved" LAME. It should be first come first serve. But this is a very minor complaint, and having to stand hasn't stopped me from frequenting this watering hole many times.This is a sort of an upscale gay bar/restaurant in the "Gayborhood" of Philadelphia which generally attracts the 30+ something crowd. It's neat, clean, and orderly with a pleasant décor and atmosphere. They also have a dinning area which serves regular sit down, waiter serviced dinners from a rather complete menu. However, I would suggest that one stick with whatever nightly or daily special is offered. From the food I had, it's nothing I would be inclined to rave about or return for. I would rate it as a two star for the food, but four star for the pleasantness of the bar, so I averaged it out as an OK three star place.Not being gay myself but having many gay friends, I have seen my share of gay bars and know the scene in Philly pretty well.
Pluses of Knock:
- Not at all divy or seedy - Knock is clean, bar is well stocked and the clientele is definitely upscale
- Not overbearing - I've been in gay bars before where you can't order a drink without getting picked up.  This isn't the case here, although if you are looking for a quick hook-up, that's pretty easy here as well.
- Pleasant staff - nice guys (and they are all guys, in keeping with the theme here) who will joke with you and pay attention to detail
- Strong drinks - not shy about pouring the booze
Minuses:
- The food is definitely mediocre, at best.  While it isn't that pricey really and they clearly attempt to make it a little more upscale, the kitchen execution is pretty lousy.  Asked for a burger medium, got it beyond well done and an hour after I ordered it.  Calamari was rubber.
- Drink prices are high, but welcome to Philly and the Gayborhood
Worth a trip by, but walk up the street to Garces Trading Company or Morimoto to eat.Stopped by for Thursday night karaoke and a few drinks with some friends; the bar was quite packed, so as soon as we had our drinks, we retreated to the [very comfortable] seating area, which was far less crowded.  None of us ended up singing, but it was fun to sit and watch other people sing--to my knowledge it was mostly the guy who was hosting, and he was actually pretty good! I could tell Knock was definitely more classy than some of the other gay bars in the area *cough*Woody's*cough*, but that's definitely a good thing. They have a pretty good drink menu; well priced and a vast selection, and I'd love to come back and give the karaoke a shot.outdoor seating on a warm sunny sunday. hungover or not, i like the location to watch the people of my 'hood mill around.
indoors at the bar, i am generally ignored as a female, but i dont mind. the bartenders are nice once i can get their attention.Great atmosphere, great friendly service, great food! Always a nice time with friends and family. Super clean bathrooms too, which is always nice. Very classy business.I went to Knock last night with a friend and it was a nice cozy bar/restaurant.  Our waiter, who I believe was the owner was extremely helpful.  We ordered two strong martinis and some appetizers.  The southwestern eggrolls were delicious! Almost better than the ones at Chili's.  The avocado ranch dressing was flavorful as well. 
In the back, they had someone playing Christmas carols on the piano.  It put you in the holiday mood.  I would definitely come back!Always a stop I make after bar hopping for delicious food. James is my favorite server here regardless of how long I haven't been around he always remembers me! 
The atmosphere is cozy and relaxing. They sometimes even have someone playing the piano. My favorites here is the fried calamari , the jumbalaya,  the sunday prime rib, the sliders annddd gah almost everything! Oh and the knock burger is great.
The food is good and the drinks are strong! This place is great.Scallops are really nice. The veggies are also very good. The waiter was relaxed and funny. Very nice experience.One of my favorite gay bar in the city. Great place for happy hour, lunch, brunch and dinner. The staff are wonderful and the drinks are strong. A great meeting place to get a cocktail or two before heading to the other great bars/clubs in the city.Nice spot for a drink, but very disappointing kitchen. The strip steak, mussels, Caesar salad, and flat bread were all disappointing.In the back, this place has perhaps what is the greatest piano lounge in the entire tri - State area, and Yelp's description doesn't even mention it !   They run it each Friday and Saturday evening .Wonderful food, drinks and people.    We stop by every time we are in PhillyReally enjoyed the space.  The bar area is great, the restaurant space very inviting and well-lit.
Staff:  Cocktails prepared by Tim were terrific.  Tim was sassy and fun, too.  Keep him.  Tattooed barback who refused to stand still long enough to even let us look at his tattoos was a bit ridiculous.  Bartender who came on after Tim had an ass like g'dunk!  He was incredibly sexy.
Drinks:  Like, I said, terrific.  My friend had several good-lookin chocolate martinis.  
Food:  Flatbread was good, filet was so-so.  
Really enjoyed the vibe, the breadth of the customers (age, race, dress, etc) - looks like Philly's got a gay winner here!I went with a couple of friends for lunch there today on a visit from NY.  The waiter was nice, but not helpful.  He recommended the calamari and the pollack and chips.  Evidently, they fried everything in water.  The calamari was rubbery and the coating was mushy.  The fish filets were also mushy, the "chips" were real chips (no fries? REALLY?), and the salad was soggy.  To be fair, I should say that both of my friends had the salmon BLT sandwich and said they liked their meals.  Maybe I caught them on a bad day.Knock is the latest venture by Bill Wood (of Woody's fame). Located in the old Lula space (home to roughly 2194 other restaurants before that), this simple yet swanky space plays host to what appears to be half of gay Philadelphia at night. The bartenders are quick to smile and to pour, and the wine list features many of my favorites. After several glasses I knew I needed something in my stomach to soak up the alcohol, but my friend refused to let me order any food, saying he'd sent back everything he'd ever ordered there. I listened to him, proceeded to get drunker and more gregarious on my empty stomach, then spied him eating a delicious-looking gourmet flatbread pizza at the bar. Damn it. By then I was past the point of no return but I plan to go back and sample some dishes from what looks to be an ambitious and delicious menu. With luck, I won't send any back.LOVE LOVE LOVE IT HERE!!! That's all. No big lines or 45 minute drink orders. Best food and great atmosphere. Perfect for dinner and some drinks and great conversation. Every time we go here we make new friends.This place was great. Had lunch there while in town for a conference. The atmosphere is relaxing and gorgeous. The food was awesome. So delicious.Came in on-the-fly during a business trip, looking for that elusive gay bar that also has food (true confession). So happily surprised. Charming environment, super nice bartender. Ordered chicken marsala AT A BAR. Lo and behold, it was very honestly some of the best I have had. Nothing bad to say about this place. I'll come back if ever afforded the opportunity.Was there on a Friday evening and had to wait a long time to get a drink at the crowded bar. Was pleased to see that the restaurant was so inviting and well-appointed (white table cloths, etc.). Ordered the 'special' fish fry and it was awful: much greasy batter and almost no fish.  The waiter's service could be described as ambivalent at best. I've gotten less attitude from homophobic counter servers in hick town diners.   With so many great restaurants in Philly, Knock is really not worth the patronage of the gay community or anyone else. My sincere regrets to the family with children who were poorly treated at this place.I had tickets to the Philadelphia Orchestra on 10/20/12. Since Knock is only 4-5 blocks from Verizon Hall, I decided to try Yelp. This was my first time to visit Knock, and I could not have been more pleased. First, the food was quite good (all -- the entree, the sides, and the dessert), the service was consistently attentive without suffocating, and the atmosphere was pleasant. The best rating I can give is to say that I will definitely return.was there last night with a very large crew. we had a blast! service was great. i didnt eat ,but my friends ordered many dif flat breads. they looked good.  andy p hosted  karoki (why do i not know how to spell that thing where people get the words to songs and sing along to music)? ha. anyway, i did not participate, but many of our crew did, it was funny and we found out, some actually have talent. i spent too much time there and my head hurts today for it.Many many, entirely too many shameful nights out with my gay besties are followed by brunch at Knock. My first apartment in Philadelphia was shared with five gay men and my life has never quite been the same since. Most straight girls would find themselves saying that they need a night with their "guys", for them that means throwing back a few beers and singing obnoxiously to Journey. In my world, a hangover is not even a question when you're downing Stoli O and club sodas listening to Britney's newest remix at Tavern. 
Many morning's after require a hair of the dog that bit you and what I need fast is something that will not only subside my body's alcohol withdrawal, but also replenish my vitamins...this place is home to the best bloody mary's I've found in the city. Not only do they make it with absolut peppar upon request, but they don't skimp on the celery and olives, my faves. 
Food is pretty tasty, more often than not I order a lunch item over a breakfast, usually because the thought of eggs disgusts me, however their french toast specials always sound fantastic. I love that they have outdoor seating so I can mask my puffy eyes with sunglasses and still people watch, aaaand if no one passes by at least you're guaranteed to have a hot waiter ;-)The atmosphere is nice and it is quite overall. I had a flatbread cheesesteak  pizza that was honestly subpar. The bartender was more interested in chatting with his friends than serving us. The cleanliness could be improved in the bar and dining area. I would not recommend this place at all unless you enjoy a bunch of old prissy men sitting around.I was visiting Philadelphia over the Thanksgiving weekend, and went to Knock the evening of November 28th.  As soon as I entered, I knew I had found a great place.  I was greated warmly by the maitre d' and seated at banquette table with a great view of the whole restaurant.  The decor was a bit more formal than I was expecting, but that wasn't a bad thing-in fact, it gave the restaurant a lot of ambience, and while it was elegant, it was also very comfortable (and casual).  My waiter was friendly and competent, and the meal was very good.  Small detail but very impressive:  Usually bars and restaurants will service martinis in glasses that are on the thick side.  The pomegranite martini I ordered came in a very nice, thin-rimmed/lipped martini glass.  Very elegant.
The maitre d' stopped by and chatted for a bit (very nice), and the owner, Woody, said hello and made sure that I was satisfied with everything.  After I was done with dinner and dessert, I wanted to go to the bar to have a drink.  The maitre d' had a seat ready for me, and had instructed the bartender to get me a drink.  That's service.
I had a great time, and I would recommend Knock to anyone.This was a big disappointment.  I was really hungry when I got here, and it was raining outside, so it would not have taken much for us to have a good experience.  But we did not.  The closest there was to a vegetarian entree was the Chicken Quesadilla, hold the chicken - bland cheese on tortilla, and it cost like $10 despite total blandness.People only say good things about this place out of loyalty for Bill Woods. Other than that it's the worst place in the gayborhood to eat. I've tried time and time again to swallow my proclivities and I'm dissapointed every time. One of the worst meals I've ever had and the service followed. Stay away.As a one-off visitor to Philadelphia for work, I have to say that if I ever find myself back in town, I'll head to Knock for dinner again.  The staff was very friendly, from the bartender who mixed my dirty martini, to the host to seated me immediately, to the wait staff who made me feel right at home at my table for one.  
I started with the mixed greens and chevre salad, followed by the parmesan chicken with fingerling potatoes and asparagus.  Although fairly full, I treated myself to the lighter side of the dessert menu, with the sour apple champagne sorbet.  (I had to stop myself from ordering a slab of one of the decadent-looking cakes.)I loved Knock.  The atmosphere was upscale and fun and the food was very good.  Will definitely return on my next visit to Philadelphia.This place has a nice bar. The food is terrible. Greasy, poorly prepared, without thought, tasteless food.  Awesome bar staff. Drink here and skip dining.I was in Philly last week on Convention for the American Theatre Organ Society. We were taken to Knock by a regular customer and we had an incredible time. The owner, Woody, and his staff welcomed us and made us feel like family. They even sat with us and talked for quite a while. The drinks, atmosphere, and clientle were a delight. They even allowed us to take over their piano room one evening. We went back 6 nights in a row. I will go back. Thanks guys!I love coming to Knock.  Food is always well-prepared, the drinks are excellent and the staff is friendly and efficient.i really love this place in the gayborhood... its elegant and has charm... the food is good and there wine list great... it can be pricey so I used my credit card but well worth it... during the warm nights you can sit out side.Food delivered quick and everything is prepared from scratch. They have a Sunday brunch and a prime rib special Sunday  nights. Happy hour is from 5 to 7 daily.Lezbehonest, this is a gay male bar but gayelle's are just as welcome. Every time I have come in for some good stiff drinks, the staff and patrons have been more than hospitable. And I really love that. The crowd mostly consists of older men. It gets very packed on the weekends but there are plenty bar seats and tables near the TV's. In the warmer weather I'd imagine the patio area is really fun. 
I love this bar. It's a good time and everyone will make small talk with you including the bartenders.Located in the gayborhood, Knock is a lovely place to have dinner and/or drinks.  They have weekly dinner specials where you get a nice dinner for $15 Monday through Thursday.  My friend and I got the Flounder stuffed with crabmeat served with potatoes and sauteed spinach.  It was delicous!  The serving we received was huge and by the time we were finished, we were very full and satisfied.  The outdoor seating is ample and it was a very nice and relaxing atmosphere, b/c there isn't as much traffic (foot, auto or otherwise).  The waitstaff is excellent and super nice and attentive.  The owner was very friendly and kept adjusting the umbrella so that we would be shaded from the setting sun.  Will definitely come back.So, this place is is much less "clubby" than any of the other gay spots in the city. It's more like an upscale piano bar (I think they do actually do live show tunes on piano some nights), with a dining area. I would like to try to eat here, but I never have because they have NOTHING vegan on the menu. So, I really only come here for the drinks, which is why I stopped at 3-stars.A plate of huevos rancheros and a glass of bloody mary for brunch at Knock is all you need to have an excellent day. I will say that (on a Sunday afternoon at least) it is almost 95% full of either old bald men or old white haired men, so if you're a millennial you better bring company your own age!What can I say, the first time I walked by this place I was looking for a nice dinner. I noticed the white tablecloths and the menu sounded delicious. I was naive to the fact this was a gay establishment and probably needed a reservation and left a little disappointed because I really wanted to eat here & I was hungry!
I still haven't actually eaten here but had a martini afterwork in the outdoor seating and found it quite enjoyable and inexpensive. Maybe it was the good company that added to the experience but overall a ok.I thought I walked into a restaurant, but I think I really walked into a gay bar that served pretty damn good food. And stiff drinks.
Who cares about the label, it was a great meal, with a bonus giggle after I ordered 'sliders, all beef, well done'Best fresh food, excellent cocktails. I can truly relax,laugh and be myself hereKnock is the respectable gay restaurant in the gaybohood mecca of inebriation. I say this lovingly. While every other queer haunt is there to get you drunk and laid, Knock exists to get you there in a refined manner.
The food here is quite good, the drinks are classy and strong, and the outdoor seating wins on a sunny afternoon. Just prepare yourself for the ambulance sirens and the cars careening down this busy street.
Indoors, it's a smart scene with a quality bar and upgraded food menu. Think buffalo sliders over your standard cattle. If anyone gets the alligator skewers, please let me know what you think!A classy gay place in Philly.  No, you say that's not possible.?  Well walk inside cozy Knock and you'll have a change of heart.  
The drinks are pricey compared to the other places in the hood, but Knock is new, clean, well run and a welcome addition to the otherwise bland choices for food and drink in the area.  I'd gush about the service but unless you're sitting at a table it's really tough to get to the bar due to its design.  
The wine list won me over!  While they have a nice choice of house selections the real luscious & memorable wines come from the list.
I found the food to be just fair but the flatbread pizzas are quite tasty.Recently in Philadelphia for a day to visit family and friends, I was invited here for pre-dinner cocktails.  Owned by Woody (the prior owner of the dimished namesake gay bar Woody's), this bar-slash-restaurant pleasantly kicks it up a notch with an appealing (if constantly crowded) interior, an oblong rich wooden bar reminiscent of Cheers, and a dining area extending through to the back of the space.  
What's memorable about this invention is that it 1) picks up the neighborhood by making good use of a space which has housed many failed restaurants; and 2) blends in with the revitilization of the 12th and 13th Street corridors that compose Philadelphia's LGBT neighborhood.  The bartenders shine, and they are more than pleasant, accomodating and deserving of their tips (albeit very busy during happy hour).  The drinks (as previously mentioned in another review) pack a whallop.  I had four rum and cokes (purchased by various friends during my time there) and consumption induced a comatose-like sleep later that night.
There is a fly in the ointment, however: the food.  For such a fine interior, the food (pork shank, lobster and pasta in a cream sauce) were memorable only in that the dishes were horridly bland.  I would sooner seek flavor by running my tongue along a carpet in an inner-city needle exchange clinic.  The upside: the waiter was pleasant.
Final thoughts: Great for drinks, company, and atmosphere.  Leave it at that and everyone will have a wonderful time.  Three stars for the business, an additional star for the pleasant staff.My cousin is a regular here. After the Lady Gaga concert earlier this week, my cousin and his friends came here for a drink before some dancing. The ambiance is really nice, and for a Tuesday night it was pretty quiet, so we were able to get a table and just chat and unwind a bit. 
The drinks are made very well (I forget the bartender's name- my cousin was addressing him by name the whole night) and my cousin really loves it here. Perhaps on my next philly trip I will talk him into bringing me to get food here!I reserved hi-top tables by the bar for a party of 20 two weeks in advance of our date.  I called three days prior to our arrival to confirm our party and assured everything was set.  As quests arrived for our party, there was no room for us to sit and they did nothing to make room.  We left and had to relocate a party of 20 at the last minute.  30 minutes after we left, a manager called my cell phone and said they have room for us now.  I never went back and I never will.  As a business owner myself, I feel this is a poorly managed restaurant.  If you go on a whim, with a small crowd, maybe Knock is a nice place to hang out.  I would not suggest having a planned event here.I have eaten at Knock twice both times the food was good and the service great.  I like the atmosphere of the place.  We had dinner and then returned for brunch the following week.  The bar area is nice if you want to have a drink and the restaurant part is  nicely laid out and the menu was varied with more American fare.  Brunch had your standard brunch items all served in a timely matter.  Staff is friendly and knowledgeable and it seems to have a lot of regulars.Bravo.  Finally a sensible restaurant for the area.  The atmosphere was comfortable and fashion appointed. 
The food was excellent. The chicken ceasar  salad was very tasty with excellent dressing and fresh greens.   There was enough chicken for three separate sales.
The braised short rib, though not on the bone, was tender and very tasty.  Since I travel for my job, I can compare this dish to many I tired throughout the US.    Tis ranks up there at the top of the list.
The waiter, Dominic, was ecellent and very friendly.  He helped us decide our choices.  And his recommendations were excellent.  His personality and stories were helped to make the meal enjoyable
Worhtthetrip while in Philly.  I'll be back.A friend of mine took me here on a recent visit to Philly. He said it was a "gay " restaurant. I didn't believe him because "gay" restaurants really don't exist in my book--but Jesus, it WAS a gay restaurant. All gay men and a few hags.
Sigh. I was hoping our community had evolved enough that we didn't need "gay" eateries, but alas...
That said, the food was pretty good. Not great, but good. 
But I suppose most people don't come for the food--they just want to eat around other gays.I had some friends from Cali staying at the hotel up the block and we stumbled in here on a whim.  I thought this place was gonna be stuffy - I was so wrong.   Everyone was so stinkin'  friendly.  
I had a lovely time meeting with friends, met some peeps, had great drinks and great service.  I munched on some sweet potato fries and salad.  Bangin' - all of it.  Wee bit pricey but you're downtown in the gayborhood, like. 
Then I met a gentleman out front  that serenaded me - "Fly Me to the Moon"  That's a good night!
Colorful.  Lively.  Good times.Nice & attentive staff complimented by good food.  The salads and soups are well-portioned and the flatbreads are delicious.Beautiful atmosphere with delicious food! Great cherry chocolate bread and the filet was cooked to perfection.I like going to Knock.  Although sometimes I end up there in rehearsal clothes (tights, ripped tee-shirts, booty shorts) and feel like I may be judged.  I'm sure that's my own insecurity for not wearing a "go out" outfit.  Anyway, I am always astounded by the strength of the drinks every time I go to a gay bar with my BFFs.  I am a member of a collective called "Team Gay" (look us up on urban dictionary), and they are constantly bringing me to these new places. The last time we went to Knock, it was a Thursday night and we sat outside. I believe it was the opening night of Qfest, so it was jumpin.  There was karaoke happening inside, and when I walked in I thought there would be many divas belting it out.  Instead, it was a more subdued, older crowd crooning out some songs that I'm sure are considered beautiful, but I thought it was really boring. I was gonna jump on the mic and sing some GAGA, but they didn't even have that on the karaoke menu! BOOOORING. Anyway, I can drink lots of alcohol without getting completely W, but after 2 vodka sodas, I really was crunk! How come gay bars make the drinks so strong? I love it !!!! I'll return to Knock, sometime in the near future.Great places for dinner and drinks. The short ribs are fantastic and so is the Caesar salad.I was there last Saturday early evening. Sat outside. I ordered the southwest egg rolls. My significant other ordered the wings. The service was good. The staff was nice. The food we ordered was very good too. Only one problem.... Three hours later I had bad stomach pains and threw up. That was the only food I had that day. And none of the other three people I spent the weekend with in close quarters got sick. Based on the facts, I suspect that either the food handler had dirty hands or the southwest egg rolls were bad.Knock is one of the many gay bars in the gayborhood, also with a upscale restaurant as part of it. It mainly attracts an older crowd compared to Bump or Tavern, and most people are there for drinks. I'm no exception, having been there a handful of times for drinks, but finally went for dinner with a couple others earlier this week for the first, and last, time.
The service was fine, especially given that it was our waiter's first night. He was attentive and new the menu fairly well given that he was new. The host was also very pleasant and helpful. The food, on the other hand, was extremely disappointing for a center city restaurant.
I started with an arugula salad with a 'sweet citrus vinaigrette'. At first I thought they forgot the vinaigrette because I couldn't taste anything, even though I could see what looked like dressing on it, so I asked for some more. I was clearly mistaken, as the side cup they brought out was very lackluster. It tasted like extra virgin olive oil, ground pepper, and a very light hint of lime juice. No acid whatsoever, quite odd for a 'citrus vinaigrette'. The arugula also wasn't stemmed, and every bite I took ended with me covering my mouth to get the last couple of inches of stem in.
For my entree, I had a lobster-brie flatbread(aka pizza), and tasted pretty blah. The crust had more of a naan taste than 'flatbread' or pizza, and the topping of lobster-brie had no seasonings whatsoever. It felt like it would make for a nice party hors-d'oeurves, naan with a lobster-brie dip, but I didn't think it made for a good dish.
All in all, the restaurant is very so-so, especially given the prices. While I didn't have a full-priced $25-$30 entree, my friend did and was not pleased. I'm sure I'll be coming back for the bar, but the restaurant left me feeling bummed.Chill bar in Center City! Definitely worth stopping by for a drink or two. Food is yummy as well...