The staff is wonderful, the coffee is great, and the concept is different. An Indonesian cafe right in the heart of fishtown!The breakfast sandwich I had here was the best breakfast sandwich I've had from any coffee shop in the neighborhood!  An everything bagel, crispy bacon, avocado, tomatoes, and cream cheese.  Their cold brew was delicious as well, lots of outlets and fast wifi.  Can't wait to go back and try more sandwiches and drinks.  You won't be disappointed.First time here, got bagelicious sandwich. Bagel was delicious and filling! Drink was a small iced coffee, and boy is it strong and TASTY. Really pleased with my experience here. There's a lovely seating area in the back of the shop. Don't be fooled that it looks small from the front, go in and check out their large menu of items. Monica was behind the counter and she was so sweet. I will be back!I'm not sure if it was the type of coffee, or the brewing style, but that was the tastiest iced coffee I've ever had. Very strong too! Been sipping on it all day and when it's done I may have to go back for another. Very smooth, balanced, and flavorful. Highly recommended!This place is very cute and very clean with good coffee! The staff is very nice, but I've been here three times recently, and they are consistently VERY slow even when I am the only one in the whole shop! They also have been consistently out of things and asked me if I'd mind if they gave me a different drink or a different milk after I have already paid. I will continue to come back for convenience, but I'd love to see service get a bit better!This place is seriously so cute and welcoming! I got the dirty chai latte and my friend got a peppermint latte. Both were so good! My friend said it was the best latte she's ever had. I also got the famous avocado toast. The only thing I can say is that it did take quite some time to get our food as only one person was working. But it was worth the wait!Coffee was really good and food was excellent! I ordered Nutella Latte. I also ordered tofu sandwich, prafait and avacodo toast, which was delicious.I do not review often but I felt this place is worth a visit. Very welcoming, i.e dog friendly and a solid cappuccino. *I have the philosophy of giving 5 stars only after I consistently visit a place, this was my 1st visitIt's easy to walk by this place - don't! Best iced coffee I've had anywhere. Beats all my favorite spots from all cities I've lived in.Super cute little coffee shop with tons of drink options (hot and cold, coffee and other) and great breakfast choices. 
I had the breakfast press with no meat (I could only eat half because it was huge) and an iced Vietnamese coffee. Will get both again!This place is awesome! I work right across the street and all the girls I work with and myself frequent here everyday. Their drinks are delicious as well as there vast menu of many items , including healthy and veggie friendly options. They also open a little earlier than other places on Saturday which is great when you work on Saturdays like us. Definitely recommend this place!Today was my 2nd time here. Both times were in the afternoon. The sandwiches are awesome. Today I got their take on a grilled cheese and it was delicious. The smoothies are wonderful. Great, relaxing neighbor place. If you're looking for quick service with premade food, there is a dunkin donuts near by. But if you're looking for a handcrafted sandwich and a well made beverage, this is your place.I came to Kopi on a weekday for lunch and tea. The interior is simple and bright with beams of light coming in from the back door. The restaurant is quite tight but there is a nice patio in the back to enjoy on nice days. My Cobb salad was very tasty and affordable. The relaxed atmosphere and comfy pillows makes it a nice place to relax with a book and a cup of joe.Carefully-made drinks in this cute neighborhood coffee shop. They are perfectionists with their drinks, with everything precisely measured and designed. The con to that? Often there is only 1 person working there, making service slow the moment there are 3 whole people in line.I have been here twice and like this place a lot.  The turmeric latte is excellent!  The turmeric gives it a little bit of heat and has health benefits.  Avocado toast is excellent but I wish it was on better bread.  The bread is more like sandwich seeded bread.  The chicken sandwich with pesto hit the spot.  There aren't many good, healthy and affordable options in the area.  Hope it is here to stay.I love this quaint cafe. It's my go to spot for some daytime work or studying. They have excellent decaf lattes and their food is amazing. Also, free WiFi :)cute little place with great turmeric lattes and breakfast sandwiches.  everything is fresh and the staff is very friendly.Kopi (Indonesia for coffee) is a petite little shop that spits some dragon fire into the hearts and lungs of giant local competitors. Kopi has the most unique selections in all of Philly with a beetroot latte and a tumeric latte. I gave them an extra star for steering coffee in a healthier direction. 
In addition they rock a cozy seating area in the back, the aura feels open and breathes easy, despite its apparent small size from outside. It's very fun and simplistic. The glowing fish tanks are a lively touch that literally brings life into a room. 
The coffee itself is debatable, I can't review coffee fairly to take an opinion, despite what invested coffee critics say. There are so many styles and persuasions of coffee anymore I'm not sure how to approach except to tell it like it is. Kopi's black doesn't have a burnt taste, which is great imo, yet doesn't necessarily have a unique private lot taste either. Steer towards the radiant lattes either way.I love camping here with my laptop and a latte for a couple of hours, especially the past several weeks when I've had to finish writing my dissertation. The people who work here are super nice, and I've always been able to get a lot of work done here. They have an extensive drink and food menu (think nicer sandwiches). My lattes have always been spot on -- can't wait to try the food next time.This place is amazing! I'm so lucky I live right around the corner. Awesome lattes and the avocado toast is so good! Can't wait to go backSuch an amazing place with a great atmosphere! The new go-to for my wife and I as we bought a house just up the street. Great service, food, coffee, and more! Highly recommend and we will be going back! There should be more small coffee shops like this.Very nice people and excellent coffee. We were wandering down Girard and decided to grab some coffee. Wow! We travel a lot and find it difficult to come across a really good brew..what a treat. Black straight up it has a nice nutty flavor, a little tart after taste that's pleasant. Not bitter. Banana nut bread was delicious.I don't often leave reviews, but this cafe is incredible in more ways than one, and I've been to over 30 cafes in the city so far...and while I'd like to keep this gem to myself, more folks should know about this space! 
Atmosphere. The environment of the cafe is welcoming and friendly as soon as I walked in. It has a very light, natural atmosphere to it here and feels like you're just over at a friend's place. Very homey. There's only about 7 small tables that fit two persons each, but each has its own outlet! There's also a cute back yard with additional seating. 
Coffee. I'm not a coffee connoisseur by any means, but I got the Holly Cow (espresso + condensed milk) and it's one of the best lattes I've had in a long time. Beautifully latte'd and served at the perfect temperature to drink. There are also tons of unique options like the lavender, golden turmeric, etc. Prices are also on par with other cafes, or better. 
It's a rainy, Monday afternoon as I'm writing this so I'm the only one in the cafe at the moment. I can't speak for how crowded it gets on other days, but this is a prime place for days like this!Love their latte art. It's a shame how Philadelphia is so big but THIS IS THE ONLY PLACE who does AMAZING LATTE ART! 
To be honest, the latte isn't as good nor as strong as I hoped for it to be, (I always get the Carmel latte with 3 extra shots $7.50) but I do enjoy looking at the art for peace and comfort. I haven't try anything else but I do get cookies for my kids and they seem to enjoy it.I tried the Royal Lavender Latte here. It was pretty good but it tasted a little artificial. This place is small and fairly quiet, so it would be good for doing work or studying! I would come back to try the Golden Tumeric latte.Me and my roommate stopped in yesterday for some lattes, and they were absolutely incredible! Friendly staff, vegan choices, and a very cute space! Only downside was the wait for our drinks, but once we had our first sip we knew it was well worth the few extra minutes. Can't wait to come back and try new drinks!This place is nothing but amazing ... try the healthy shakes "the hulk" is my favorite!!! And the chicken sandwich with the pesto is amazing!!! If you go in person the menu is way better then online! This place is a must it's super cute inside as well!!!I order from here at least once a week with my boyfriend. Their brekkie loaded and breakfast burrito are to die for! Sometimes the wait is a little long because there's just one person working, but the wait is definitely worth it!Absolutely delicious avocado toast. I tried the tropical bliss smoothie and it was good. Smoothies are made with real fruit. The lattes were both aesthetic and yummy! My husband had a breakfast sandwich (bagel with egg, American cheese, and turkey sausage) and raves about it.Just stopped here for the first time, and WOW! Great coffee, great food, great ambiance, and the friendliest staff!! This is a great little gem on Girard!! The slow drip coffee is INCREDIBLE.I seriously try to get the avocado toast from here every chance I get. My husband and I frequent this cute cafe often and you can never go wrong ordering anything off their menu. Plus they have great vegetarian options (even though I'm not vegetarian). The veggie cheese steak is another of our go-to items. For drinks, I've had the mango splasher as well as the honey-citron splasher; both are very refreshing, especially on a hot summer day. 
The cafe looks like it belongs in the nook of an art museum (in a good way!). There's a small area in the back that's perfect if you need alone time to study and do work on your laptop. Plus the owners the run this place are very friendly people. I'm really glad to have this coffee/tea shop so close to my home.A+ for quality of drinks and food, service and ambiance. Their menu is expansive though I admittedly always get the same thing. Bacon, egg and cheese sandwich on a bagel is dynamite, best in the neighborhood. Iced americano is exceptional, also. Thank you for the kind service.Came here to grab a drink with my friend after a leisure bike ride. 
It took some time for our orders to be prepared as it was just one person inside working. But the Thai milk tea was surprisingly good. 
Kopi latte is definitely a closer alternative than going into Chinatown if you want bubble tea. The selection is limited as this place doesn't strictly serve bubble tea. My only gripe is the bubbles are kind of tasteless as they probably aren't cooked in sugar and water syrup solution.I am both incredibly aggravated and pleased, though considering the reasoning I'm okay with this. We're six hours from home, and a last minute change to the itinerary may just have been the best hunch I've had in a while. We arrived maybe ten minutes after opening, and while she wasn't ready, for which she apologized profusely, though I needed several minutes to pour over the menu, as several, honestly the vast majority were things I wanted in my gullet. My mate took a moment to use the tidy bathroom as I ordered for the both of us, fumbling my way through all the customization choices. Thankfully she was patient, and even better an amazing cook. I got an everything bagel with egg, to save space for the rest of our trip, and I don't even regret being so basic. The bagel was toasted without being like sandpaper, and the eggs were steamed to perfection, with partially soft, not runny, yolks. She didn't bother with butter or grease, which struck my fancy more than any fast service egg I've had, and I didn't even feel compulsed to add salt, unlike my usual self. 
My mate got the lox and avocado bagel, and dear lord, after sneaking a bite I had half a mind to eat two sandwiches and buy him another. The cream cheese oozed off onto his nose, and the tomato slid around a bit, but that's just the nature of the delectable beast. She wrapped them in paper to contain the mess, and I tore mine off in favor of indulging in the best breakfast I've had since our favorite joint back home closed its doors. How dare it be so far away, with its comfy pillows and brilliantly childlike decor. I doubt I'll be back in town, but if we pass through I'd face the horrid parking of this city to find comfort in this eatery. 
P.S. my mate wants me to mention how great their coffee is. Answer, very.I ate here last weekend while visiting Philly. Quick service and really good! I had a Vietnamese latte and the eggstravaganza.The Fishtown coffee scene is getting crowded. Literally. I used to be able to get coffee on a Saturday morning without standing in line behind a flannel forest, but no more. Kopi Latte is an oasis. It's not a ubiquitous La Colombe outpost, so my aging digestive system is thankful. Instead, you've got solid diverse offerings, from Thai iced tea to matcha lattes, with fresh, reasonably-priced light food. The stark pine tables and benches are softened with whimsical pillows, and the music selection is mellow enough that I can freelance happily. And best of all, the people are pleasant.
TL:DR: Solid, non-tummy upsetting coffee. Happy ambiance. I'm old. Get off my lawn.I came here from graduate hospital because of the rave reviews (and relatively lack of number of reviews). This place is fantastic. It totally plays into the "coffee and book" ambiance and has very friendly staff. They are known for their turmeric latte, and man was it unique. It was a golden latte with a little bit of heat, and was actually a little sweet. I would recommend it! It's a little out of the way for me, but I would love to be back here. Great place to get work done with awesome wifi.Oh Kopi Latte. Even though I always forget how far down Girard you are, you have my heart. Best lattes in the city. I was a lil scared to try the rose latte but it was amazing. (Ps you can get any drink dairy free. I got oat milk, i think they have soy, almond, and coconut as well) 
By far my favorite place to hang out and get work done. Lot's of space and books (and pillows!) If you havent checked this place out, you are missing out on this gem.Sweetest little spot.  Good breakfast sandwiches.  Good smoothies.  Good coffee.  Will be back again to try a bahn mi and rice bowl.I walked towards the counter where the cash register was. No one was there to help me, but I waited patiently. A "regular" walks in and orders over me, yells order to a women at the other end where she was making coffee. So I figured I'd walk down to that area and order from there. Right away I felt UNWELCOME. Like she did not intend on helping me or accommodating me. I asked if she had Decaf coffee. She hesitated and said she had a little. I wanted to confirm so I said "So, you have zero decaf, you cannot make a decaf coffee?", and she said "correct". that was fine. so I moved on to asking if the Turmeric tea had sugar in it. Again it was unclear. It became clear to me that she did not want to serve me at all. When she claimed that you cannot get a sugar free turmeric tea, I then left because there was nothing I wanted to order. That's fine if the products were not available. *** But it was the attitude that a new person, not a regular, comes in and wants to order something, and is treated so poorly, made to feel so unwelcome ***. I will never go back there. Looked lovely inside and the menu was terrific but couldn't get past the guard. Maybe I wasn't cool enough.
Update 1/2/18:  sounds like this may have been a one-time issue, I'm going to try Kopi again. The owner is super cool.Kopi Latte is certainly quite special. Pleasant ambience. Really yummy and wholesome. Staff are extremely nice and service is really swift. So impressed, can not wait to go back to Kopi Latte.Really good latte options. I got the honeysuckle and it was delicious. Not too sweet. I also got the oatmeal which had a lot of fruit, just what I wanted.Great coffee, friendly staff, delicious food. We got the avocado toast, breakfast burrito, and the herbivore sandwich. All delicious. Herbivore was our favorite :)Good food! Got the eggstravaganza and it was delicious! Can't go wrong with an egg, bacon and avocado combo on a brioche bun! I give it 4 stars not a five because my boyfriend got the bulgogi bowl and the ingredients were pretty barren for a rice bowl. Bulgogi was lacking which I feel is the main ingredient of the dish. Overall breakfast was good:)So excited to have this place in the neighborhood! Great menu options and really friendly service. So far tried the almond milk Matcha Latte and almond dirty Chai and both were fantastic. Update: Have now tried the food and it's great. Fresh ingredients, made with care and attention to detail. Also, they have free Haribo gold bears.So delicious!  I have been living in the area for 6 years, abs can't believe I didn't find this place sooner!  Bagel Sandwiches are amazingHidden gem of a cafe. They offer coffee, smoothies, and bubble tea. They also offer food. I placed an order online. I ordered the Carmel latte. The Carmel latte was delicious and refreshing. I was too timid to try their other creative lattes such as rose latte, honeysuckle latte, and lavender latte. I ordered the truffle avocado toast. Let me tell you, the truffle oil has a distinct taste. The avocado toast needed more salt. The whole order took a while to make. I would definitely return for the drinks.Love this place! Super nice staff, great lighting, solid espresso drinks, ample seating, WiFi. They let me sit here for hours and just study :)Love the unique selection of drinks. I get coffee here regularly, food occasionally... everything tastes great!So although the food was good, there's 2 things that would have made my order better/5 stars: 
1) the smoothie I had had too much of, I think, the pineapple "skin"; every sip I had to spit a piece of something hard out which was annoying. I understand and appreciate fresh fruit, but maybe when cutting the fruit they could be a little more careful. Besides that...the smoothie was delicious. I also appreciated the smoothie having a great seal as the lid!
2) I had the Swedish fish (smoked salmon bagel sandwich), the sandwich tasted good, but the bagel was too small and kept falling apart while I was eating it. I don't know if they toast bagels, but I wish they would have put a button as a reminder; it was my fault for assuming they were going to toast the bagel and should have typed in the description box asking for it to be toasted, but again...I wish there was a button asking for it to be toasted. All in all the food was good, just little issues. I'd still order from here again.Even during a pandemic this place is adorable.  They are very conscientious about safety. I stopped by early on a rainy Sunday. I ordered from their website. It was very easy and fast. I got the classic breakfast sandwich on a plain bagel.  It was outstanding. So simple and well executed it didn't lack for any spices or condiments one bit. I also got a hot tumeric latte. It was just perfect and exactly what I wanted on a rainy Sunday. Can't wait to go back -maybe later today ;)A cute cafe with an interesting drink list but I'm not really sure what everyone is so excited about. We had a London fog and a Vietnamese coffee. Both were very sweet and served in disposable cups despite our saying we were staying here, which is one of my pet peeves. The seating is arty but not very comfortable (mostly a bench with pillows along the wall). There is a back patio but the wifi does not reach out there. Worst of all, the music was incredibly bad. That's probably dependent on who's working there that day, but I feel like playing American Idol winners says something about your cafe, and it's not something good. I'm probably just grumpy because the music made me want to hurt someone, but there you are.Kopi Latte is a small little cafe. The staff there are wonderful and super friendly. I came here earlier this morning with my friend for a study date. They offer free WiFi!! 
I ordered a Matcha latte and their famous Avocado toast. They were both so yummy! It was actually my first time having avocado toast, believe it or not. And I loved it. The toast was filled with smashed avocado spread on multigrain, sea salt, fresh lemon juice, red pepper flakes, cherry tomatoes, truffle oil, and queso fresco. For $2 more, you can add eggs. 
Such a cute place for a quick bite or study date.One of the best iced mocha's I've had from a non-chain coffee shop, and a massive breakfast sandwich that was also delicious. Will be going again, delicious.This is only for the house-drip coffee as that's all I had.
Visiting from The South, nothing could have prepared me from the splendor of Fishtown (or well, Kensington as a whole, which is where I spent most of my time here). But, Kopi Latte can make a strong, and delicious cup of drip coffee!! I wanted to try some of the breakfast items, which looked delicious, but it was too hot to sit outside and eat (stupid COVID).
I truly enjoyed taking my time sipping my coffee while I strolled up Girard. Taking in the landscape of mountains of trash, dilapidated buildings, and that whiff of stale urine coming from stoops every few buildings. It was the only thing that made me feel clean, that made me feel a little less scared and dead inside. =D
If I even am back to Philly... doubtful, but if I ever am, I will try their food!Kopi had great vietnamese coffee, very good iced green matcha latte and the baan mi was really goodI was visiting Philly for a day and I have to say, this cute little place was my best experience here. If you've got the time and like drinks, stop by here! I got their hojicha latte and it blew away my expectations! And they have so many great culinary books! Definitely a perfect place to get some work done in quiet. They have a tank of cute fish and plants everywhere. I will definitely come back next time I'm on the east coast.I order from here on a regular basis. I normally just get coffee because they have a nice variety and it's so good. 
The reason I'm not giving five stars is because they never pick up the phone. I don't know how many times I've called and no one picked up.This place is cute and unexpectedly roomy. After a small front counter space it opens up and there is a neat little living room set up. Very quiet and good for working. The breakfast sandwich was good too and they had rose lattes so I couldn't pass up on that one.Excellent Coffee and Service with some unique options.  The neighborhood was in need of a place with healthy and affordable options for breakfast and lunch. 
Well done!