Had a wonderful dinner here tonight.  For apps The rustico was great, good portion and everything was delicious.  The pulpo was perfectly cooked. Got the pesto, squid ink gnocchi and carbonara all were excellent. No duds in the group everything tasted great. Service was outstanding and the outdoor seating was perfect. To top it all off byob! Great addition to the neighborhood, can't wait to go back.Good spot for the neighborhood, especially a BYO. It was a busy night but our service lacked a bit. I'd go back and see what seasonal changes they make to the menu.For those that don't live here, know that many restaurants are BYOB, ya gotta bring your own wine.  After running over to a wine shop a mile away, had a wonderful dinner. The other downside is parking, but is this neighborhood best to ride share it in/out.  Food review
Cozze, Mussels In tomato sauce and chili oil: A
Pesto: Pappardelle, sea scallops , mint pesto: A
Gamberoni: fried shrimp, artichoke and capers mayo: BGreat service and interesting food that we would like to explore, however, the noise level is unsettling. We were there on a week night with place 1/3 filled and our group of 6 had a hard time hearing conversation. It's disappointing for a newly constructed facility to not have considered sound dampening aspects. Hopefully the owners can correct this.Very good .. great vibe, friendly staff.. will be back! Some of the food needed some salt but I'd rather salt my own food than have it come out too salty!LaBan calls this place "too noisy." Ha, reminds me of a classic rock n roll quip..."if the musics too loud, then you're probably too old." Perhaps this hip, affordable gem is lively; for good reason. So authentic, it took me back to Rome without the airfare. I'm a foodie and have attempted Octopus multiple times without the promised enjoyment. I am now a proud convert; L'anima has awoken me. Do yourself a solid, grab your favorite table wine and get there before the weather turns. Enjoy the casual patio while your palate sears the memory of delighted satiation into your mental dining recall. You'll thank yourself when your desperate for a mid-hibernation food experience in a see-and-be-seen atmosphere with friendly professional staff and...gasp...lively conversation. Ciao for now.We've been to this place twice so far, once on a Saturday and once on a Tuesday. Both times, the food was terrific - muscles were meaty and tender in a lovely spicey sauce; the swordfish app had a delicious caper pesto with it; penne amatriciana was perfect; I would happily eat the cacio e pepe over again; sea bass and fried shrimp entrees are both great. No complaints whatsoever with the food - it's the reason I'd go back, for sure. It's very good Italian, with creativity and style. The service was also prompt (moreso on the Tuesday we went) and friendly, without rushing.
The single, notable downside is the noise. On the Saturday we were there, the place was full, and by the end of the meal around 9 - 9:30pm, the four of us literally had to shout at each other to be heard. Even then, we couldn't always hear. I'm not exaggerating. I know there are folks who like a loud or "energetic" atmosphere. If you don't mind shouting at the person across from you, with food secondary to the din, you'll enjoy this. If you want it quieter, our Tuesday night there was much better... even on a Tuesday, by 8pm or so, half the tables were full, and we had to speak up to have "date night" conversation. The entire place (except chair cushions) seems to be of tile, glass, marble, concrete, stainless steel -- it looks great but those materials magnify sound. They need sound reduction, somehow. 
They do have a cute outdoor space that is obviously quieter and super attractive. If it hadn't been over 90 degrees in a humid Philly summer, we would have gone outside to escape the noise.
Until they get some sound reduction, I'm going to stear clear of weekend nights. Otherwise, food and service are both good, in an attractive setting.I had the pleasure and opportunity to dine at this restaurant last evening with my wife and a business client/friend and his wife.  The service was outstanding - non-intrusive but very present.  Lauren T was our server.  The appetizers and main meals were wonderful.  Everyone enjoyed every  last bite.  We did indulge and had each couple split a desert.  We had the cannoli which was made in a non-traditional way but was outstanding.  To boot since it was a BYOB it topped my palate since the wines and craft beers went beautifully with the meal.  
All in all I would highly recommend this restaurant.  The atmosphere was great and you can go casually or dress up and dine.
I cannot wait to return.
Sincerely,
AllenSo excited to have this great new addition to my neighborhood! Food, atmosphere and service were outstanding. Great experience overall. The space is beautiful. The staff is cordial, knowledgeable  and attentive. And the appetizers and entrees were absolutely delicious. For those who love scallops, get the Pesto! The best scallops I've ever had. I read they'll be serving lunch at some point so I hope that's true!Relative new Resturant in south Philly. Nice outside area and very modern inside where you can overlook the kitchen. Very spacious which once not having people sitting on top of each other. Menu is small but very good! It's a BYOB so be ware. My wife andI shared the mussels and they were fantastic! My wife ordered the crepes dish which reminded me of a manicotti pasta,she loved it. I had the Seafood pasta special with saffron and mushrooms in a cream sauce. Wait staff was friend and attentive. Strongly recommend to all. Only one issue is the PARKING, so arrive early to find a spot or take Uber or Lyft. Even with that said It would not stop me from coming back.Great space, great service, incredible food. We'll be back.
And get desert. And bring wine. And wear clothingI was really excited for an Italian BYO to open in our neighborhood. Its a lovely space with outdoor seating. Some of the dishes needed more seasoning, like the octopus. Prices are a bit high for the portion size. They have some interesting things on the menu; the uni carbonara actually makes a better sharing appetizer than main dish because it is so intense.  I will be back to explore more of the menu as they get in to their groove.BYOB. Very friendly staff with delicious authentic Italian cuisine. Very modern open feel. I really like what they've done to the place. My only critique would be their prices. The menu is mildly overpriced IMO, even after factoring in the higher quality. Try the grilled octopus. It is delicious!Sleek, sexy and super tasty. Incredible service and fresh food in South Philly. A gem in the neighborhood that should draw crowds from all over!A wonderful new addition to the Point Breeze & Graduate Hospital neighborhoods!  L'anima is a bright and pleasant BYOB tucked into the corner of 17th & Carpenter.  The staff was energetic & polite.  We started our meal with a couple of appetizers, the swordfish largo skewers and the Arrosticini di Pesce Spada.  Both were very good, although I'm not a fan of anchovies, they were easy to pick off the bruschetta and didn't take away from this dish.  Our entree's were the Amatriciana and the Reginae.  The pasta in the Amatriciana was cooked perfectly.  The Reginae pizza could have been more flavorful. Maybe some sweetness or spicy but it needed something to give it a personality.  Otherwise, we'll be going back.  Hope you enjoy and have fun!  
P.S. they don't take AMEX.I came here for the first time last night. They have a nice outdoor patio and the inside is bright and inviting. I would highly recommend the calamari panzanella salad and the cacio e pepe. The pizza presentation was unusual and just ok. The acoustics were loud as it got busier inside. 
Overall it is a good BYO that I will be returning to! I look forward to trying more of the menu (and I am not usually a pasta eater).This eatery was phenomenal. The sustenance was super incredible! I will be back.Pretty new restaurant that's definitely worth a visit. Got the calamari panzanella and the polpo for antipasti. I would personally remove the little pieces of bread from the calamari dish but other than that both antipasti dishes were very good. For main course, we got the sea bass and the carbonara di mare. Both very good and delicious! Yummy place! Will be back.Absolutely amazing! This is one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. Try the specials. With any luck your servers will be Lauren and Cory. Service is unflappable! Thank you, I felt like instant family!!Great food, great service, great atmosphere. The octopus was perfectly charred and flavorful. If you're coming here expecting the level of food that Melograno provides, you won't be disappointed.The Sir visited on date night out last Saturday, in part to finally sample the new BYOB in our neighborhood that we've been hearing so much about. Many neighbors have been watching construction as these condos and the commercial space have been going up past several months, eagerly anticipating its opening. 
We were warmly welcomed at the door (even without a reservation) and promptly seated and greeted with our wine bottle opened for us within moments. The ice water was much appreciated, as it was over 90 degrees out!
I ordered pasta and a salad (my go-to), and the Mrs. dined on some squid ink gnocchi pasta.
We had a wonderful time while there, and received great service even though they were obviously very busy that night. It's a very open and comfortable space, and wasn't too loud even with a room full of younger diners. We will certainly be going back to try the rest of the menu- which seemed all to be very authentic Roman cuisine. I thoroughly enjoyed every bite of my pasta dish, and the gnocchi were delicious and a good-sized portion as well.
For dessert we sampled some gelatos and stayed a moment later to enjoy the air conditioning and jazz they were playing. The ambience is casual here, very bright and romantic. Perfect spot for family outings, date nights, or I suppose any gathering. We'll try to get a photo next time, it was a little bit dark. Consensus from these happy diners: Jazz, Air Conditioning, and good pasta are three things you should not go without this summer!The food is decent, but the portions relative to the price and location of the restaurant is honestly a joke. I ordered Gnocci and the portion was so small I actually counted the number of gnocci, and I received 18 pieces of gnocci for what was $20 after tax. I don't even think the portion was big enough to fill up my 13 pound Boston Terrier. Decent food but horrible bang for your buck.You know you are in for a good meal if a restaurant has good bread, and they have great bread. I had the Cacio e Pepe and my dad had the sea bass. If I had any complaints I would say they were both a little bit on the salty side. But otherwise great execution and good portion size. The Cacio e Pepe looks small but was very filling. We finished with the deconstructed cannoli which was amazing. The bits of candied fruit was a good touch. Will definitely be back again!Highly recommended.  Italian style food as the French would prepare it.  Good quality ingredients, perfectly prepared with a nice level of sophistication.  Space is comfortable and servers are friendly.We had a wonderful dinner last night, pizza as a shared app, the special risotto with shrimp and mushrooms, pasta with oxtail ragu, and the pork with the brussell sprouts.  We all three enjoyed our meals immensely.  The servers were wonderful.  Very nice atmosphere.  We look forward to returning again!The first time we came here it was wonderful. The servers were incredibly friendly, and accommodating as we're vegetarian. The caccio pepe was not great (bland and overcooked), but the vegetarian pesto the chef threw together for us was excellent. The vegetables were excellent. We left feeling like this was a great family friendly place in the neighborhood. 
The second time was really awful. We brought my parents-in-law. The server made us feel like we were a huge inconvenience for asking for the exact same dishes as before, and all but refusing to talk to the chef about the pesto. My father-in-law is allergic to gluten, and the waiter gave him a hard time about gluten-free dishes. He said, well if you decide you can eat pita bread we have this entree. Dude, he will pass out if he eats wheat. incredibly insensitive. 
We asked if they can put more cheese than meat on the "rustico" cheese plate. Waiter refused to ask the chef, and when he brought it, anchovy juice had melded with the pickled vegetables. He put the bread basket in front of my gluten free father law, and put oil on his plate. again, He is not pretending to be allergic to gluten.
The waiter said the chef is incredibly strict about the "integrity of the menu." Fine, but then the quality of the food has to be excellent. Every dish was very bland and underseasoned. 
The waiter never came back after serving our food, except to ask about desert. We had to ask a different waiter for salt. 
It's a shame b/c the neighborhood needs restaurants, but my family won't be back and I won't recommend the place to anyone else.I really wish I could write this place a great review because the food was great. Luckily the kitchen knows what they are doing. The service was below acceptable. The waiter, in a 1 hour time period, came to our table once. He didn't bring us our bread (had to ask other service employees) and forgot to put in our dinner order (had to go up ask). We had to get up and put garnishes on our own pasta (cheese and red pepper) and had to bring up our check in order to pay. This was the WORST service I have ever had. I have never experienced something like this. And on top of it all he was incredibly rude. Will not be returning.One of the best Italian meals I've had in Philadelphia!!! I had the Cacio e Pepe and it was simply delicious. We also had a special appetizer with prosciutto and mozzarella and it tasted unbelievably fresh. So happy I found this place!We have followed Giancarlo and Rosemarie since they opened Melograno and then Fraschetta. We ate at L'Anima tonight and the quality of the dishes were outstanding. We enjoyed perfectly cooked and seasoned tender octopus, fried shrimp and calamari with a delightful aioli, a trescendant short rib ravioli, and a roasted sea bass and roasted porchetta  that were both perfectly prepared and seasoned. Giancarlo is a master. L'Anima is a keeper. Shout out to our waiter Casey, who provided professional attention through the night. Perfect evening.I love this spot! It is BYOB so make sure you've got some wine. It's such a cute establishment, a little dark, a bit nosey. I love the atmosphere. The food, bomb!!!! Try their mussels and calamari. I had the sea bass. Amazing!! Cooked perfectly, crispy, it was delishhhh. We also had a cannoli, which I'd recommend as well. It's drizzled in a chocolate balsamic sauce. I thought the service was great. The food came out rather quick. The menu is smaller than most, but there's something for everyone.I enjoyed my dinner at L'anima. It's slightly weird how it's the only restaurant in a large graduate hospital neighborhood area with all houses and apartments surrounding it. But it was still a really good Italian byob spot. I love byob's and they don't charge a corking fee either, which is nice. 
We ordered the cheese and meat plate to start. It was your typical cheese and meat/ prosciutto plate. Nothing too special or exciting, but it was a good portion size. I then ordered the pesto pappardelle with scallops and my friend ordered the gnnochi with truffle and mushrooms. We then shared the chocolate cake for dessert. I liked my pasta dish. You can tell they make their pasta homemade and the scallops in my dish were cooked well. My only complaint was that it was slightly cold/room temperature by the time I got my dish. It just wasn't hot like it had just been cooked, so I'm not sure how long it was sitting out until I finally got my dish. My friend's gnnochi was really good (I had a bite). The chocolate Cake was also good, similar to a chocolate lava cake. It seems like a good Italian spot for neighborhood locals.Food is average at best . Prices are fine but the service was subpar. Would go back if I was desperate but defiantly not running back here anytime soon.Nice Italian BYO - gnocchi to die for! Best dish I've had all year so far. Lambchops a bit overdone but pasta tasty.We sat outside, and the atmosphere was nothing short of superb. The food was very fresh, but the portions were way too small for the amount of money we paid. They were so small, in fact, that we went somewhere else after dinner for a snack. The menu is also somewhat limited if you're not a huge fish or seafood eater, which was a problem I ran into. I ended up getting the caccio e pepe, one of my all-time favorites, and the 4 noodles I was served were delicious!The husband and wife team at L'anima make for a great experience. Hard work has brought success to them. I can't wait to go back there again. All of the appetizers were perfect and priced well the Roman style flatbread pizzas were incredible.All of the entrées from the swordfish to the lamb chops were cooked just right. It's definitely on our list of restaurants to return toI've loved both of my experiences at L'Anima! The first time I went I had the sea bass which was excellent. The second time, I ordered the Vaccinara (oxtail pappardelle) and that was equally delicious!!! For dessert we ordered the tiramisu by recommendation of our waiter and he did not steer us wrong. To be honest, tiramisu is never my first choice dessert but it was phenomenal! I would get it again the next time I eat here. The waitstaff was very nice. The only thing that was slightly annoying was when we got our dessert menu and then we had about 5 different people come over to ask us what we were having before we even got a chance to look at the menu. None of them were our waiter but they all seemed very rushed. Other than that, wonderful night!!Our party of three agreed the experience here was decidedly mixed. Our appetizers were superb. A perfectly grilled octopus and a delicious fried calamari and shrimp. The panacotta we shared for dessert was exceptional. Unfortunately, in between the cacio e peoe (which all of us ordered) was gummy and very stingy. Our wait person acknowledged that particular pasta was the smallest portion size, a fact we found inexplicable. We will return since the overall meal was promising but a poorly made pasta dish in an Italian eatery was disappointing to say the least.The Sir visited on date night out last Saturday, in part to finally sample the new BYOB in our neighborhood that we've been hearing so much about. Many neighbors have been watching construction as these condos and the commercial space have been going up past several months, eagerly anticipating its opening. 
We were warmly welcomed at the door (even without a reservation) and promptly seated and greeted with our wine bottle opened for us within moments. The ice water was much appreciated, as it was over 90 degrees out!
I ordered pasta and a salad (my go-to), and the Mrs. dined on some squid ink gnocchi pasta.
We had a wonderful time while there, and received great service even though they were obviously very busy that night. It's a very open and comfortable space, and wasn't too loud even with a room full of younger diners. We will certainly be going back to try the rest of the menu- which seemed all to be very authentic Roman cuisine. I thoroughly enjoyed every bite of my pasta dish, and the gnocchi were delicious and a good-sized portion as well.
For dessert we sampled some gelatos and stayed a moment later to enjoy the air conditioning and jazz they were playing. The ambience is casual here, very bright and romantic. Perfect spot for family outings, date nights, or I suppose any gathering. We'll try to get a photo next time, it was a little bit dark. Consensus from these happy diners: Jazz, Air Conditioning, and good pasta are three things you should not go without this summer!Great space, great service, incredible food. We'll be back.
And get desert. And bring wine.Really outstanding food and service. We shared the salad and octopus appetizers, mushroom gnocchi and pesto scallops pasta, and prosciutto pinsa (Roman pizza), followed by caramel gelato for dessert. Delicious - very enthusiastic to go back soon!L'anima had risen to the top of my Yelp "must try" list from the recent raving reviews of this new establishment. I also agree, it's very good and worth checking out. 
We made reservations, it was pretty packed. The huge outside patio was stunning, but it was too hot outside so I'd rather eat in air conditioning. So, we did! Problem with inside, is it's soooo loud. Everyone's voices carried and echoed uncomfortably loud at times. 
Food was delicious. Service was ok. We had a few different servers we had to track down at times which isn't ideal, but we weren't in a rush, so it was fine. For food we had:
Pulpo- was good, not my favorite octopus dish I've had, given the bland garnishes but the pulpo itself was cooked perfectly!
Pesto- Pasta with scallops. Again, scallops cooked perfectly. Loved this dish alot, I just wish the pesto was stronger. 
Cacio ePepe- Favorite dish of the night.. this was very authentic Italian like I used to get when I visited Italy. It was absolutely delicious. Thick rich sauce, and fresh made pasta. LOVED it!
Cheese Crepe- it was stuffed with ricotta and other cheeses, and mushrooms, and baked. Another favorite dish of the night... I LOVED this so much and it was more unique than the other dishes. 
Beef Flatbread- we ordered this as additional later, because the 4 dishes we had first wasn't enough to fill us up (3 people). The portions were a tad small, so if you want the best bang for your buck, order the flatbread! It was also delicious, lemon and truffle were great. then we were stuffed. 
I love this place is BYOB .. but they didn't have large enough ice bins to keep 2 bottles cold.. so bring reds lol. Also we had to ask twice for the ice bin, so either they had a short supply, or they were too busy and forgot we asked. 
Overall a very good new restaurant.. I'm glad I went!After a wager in sports betting gone wrong I was in debt to the price of one dinner out and a bottle of wine to accompany it. I decided it was finally time to pay the piper in the form of a trip to L'anima. Unfortunately due to some in-climate weather we were relegated to a table inside (the outdoor seating looks like a great place to dine on a nice evening). We were promptly seated and attended to with no corkage fee to my delight. After hearing a run down of the menu and the restaurants emphasis on seafood we began the meal with a seared octopus and lupine bean as an app. The octopus was crispy on the outside and tender and packed with flavor on the inside. It is one of the best things we had eaten in some time. Since we brought a nice Cab Sav we opted to go with a couple more traditional red sauce pasta dishes for entrees. We split the pork belly with chili pepper and a braised oxtail ragu with cocoa. Both sauces were packed with flavored and accompanied by two excellently prepared cuts of meat. In an effort to be somewhat balanced we split a generous side dish of roasted brussel sprouts. The texture and taste made us appreciate the vegetable in a new way. The dessert menu featured Italian classics such as cannoli, espresso, and sorbet although we did not partake after being contently full from the meal. This new age BYOB had enough menu items to make a return trip for another special occasion on a nice day.Super enjoyable "nouveau Italian" dinner! The octopus appetizer was one of the best I've ever had, light, perfectly prepared, and lightly but effectively sauced To showcase the texture of the octopus. The salads were all excellent, and my main course of a breaded swordfish - which could be something funky if not done right - wound up being excellent.
It's a more modern-looking establishment than many in this area, but it really is beautiful on the inside, and the service was top-notch.What a great night! 5 friends celebrating 3 birthdays, all of us food lovers & we have a combined 120 years of restaurant experience. 
From the very beginning service was fantastic, I was offered help when I wanted to decorate the table a bit. We had also arrived early but I was sat right away. As our friends arrived we were checked on regularly, always with a smile. 
We started with a few appetizers, the Fritturina, a special cauiflower fondue and special flat bread as well as house made Cacio e Pepe.
Everything was fantastic. Some of us considered getting more of the cauliflower instead of anything else...
We then shared the Misticanza, brussels sprouts and Polpo alla Piastra (cooked perfectly!) For entrées we had the Cacio e Pepe, Baccala Acqua Pazza & Bistecca. 
Brandon waited on us (he was my server the first time I went too which was why I suggested l'anima for last nights dinner) He was awesome, attentive but didn't linger awkwardly, funny, knowledgeable. 
My only suggestion is go after 7ish, it seems to be a fair amount of families with young children earlier, by 7:30 it was mostly adults. Last night we were sat next to a very sweet but very loud baby, I didn't understand why since there were more tables elsewhere we could have been seated at. Regardless, we had a fantastic time, the food was awesome and we have all agreed we will be back.I have to say that I've never been more disappointed in a meal than at this place. Everything sounded very good on the menu until the meal came. I ordered the sword fish risotto. When it was delivered my friends asked me where the sword fish was. There were about 4 small nickel size swordfish bites in my green pool of risotto. I also didn't realize it was going to be risotto in a pesto sauce. I just expected a lot more for paying 20 some dollars for a meal. My other two friends ordered the same exact meal but they looked different and they were both extremely bland. We aren't a tough crowd to please, but we were very disappointed. My other two friends ordered the gnocchi and the cacio e pepe and were pleased with their meal. I was going to ignore the fact that they crammed 5 adult people into one small table if the food was good, but it wasn't.Very good food and service -- unbelievably loud!
Great food but we're really not sure if we'll go back. What's the point of 4 people attempting a conversation by shouting at each other over excellent wood oven pizza?I made a reservation for 6pm on Saturday -yesterday. I was super excited to take my husband there and it was just...meh. Service was ok, some really nice people and some that seemed not very happy to be there: the girl that came to offer olive oil to eat with the bread just dumps it on a plate and, after we ate, came by and asked: "you done?", with this displeased face and attitude. So, even though service is ok, there is an atmosphere of "let's get you outta here because there are a looooot of reservations for tonight, c'mon"! That is the feeling.
Food: I expected so much more. We ordered the octopus and snails for appetizers. Octopus was the best thing of all dishes we got. Snails are actually about 3 or 4 on a tomato soup: menu is not clear and just has thrown words in there, so you do not get what you expect necessarily. For entrees we got the gnocchi and the crepe with ricotta and truffle. Squid ink gnocchi was swimming in a pool of super pungent parsley sauce that overpowered the whole dish and you couldn't taste anything but that. Finally, the crepe was cold, like it had been made way ahead and just broiled before coming to the table, so top was warm and the bottom cold. Overall, pricey and not worth the hype.I pass this place all the time and it is usually packed with people eating outside. After eating here recently, I do not understand why the crowds come in. The food was pretty basic and was just not exciting. Also, the bread was HARD, which is just wrong in an Italian restaurant. The service was the best part of a bad experience. I just think there are so many other great restaurants in the area, I will not be returning.Everything we had tasted fresh and delicious! Being BYOB we brought our favorite wine to have with dinner. We had the special appetizer which was a fresh cut mozzarella cheese and prosciutto dish, with a balsamic glaze and arugula, as well as the rustico meat and cheese appetizer on the menu- both were FANTASTIC! We then had the gnochhetti al Nero and the carbonara di mare pasta dishes- which came out very fast, and were delicious. The gnocchi was so light and fluffy, and the mussels were some of the meatiest mussels of the dish we have ever had! Then the carbonara di mare, although the portion size was smaller than expected- had such a wonderful and new flavor!! The tiramisu dessert and espresso were the perfect way to end such a fresh and delicious meal! Definitely would go back.Just ate here last night! I was skeptical because my friend had gone here before and warned me that the customer service was not great and the food was not what she expected. I drive past this place all the time and was still very curious about it. However, I have to say my experience was completely different. The waitress we had was awesome! She made sure we understood the menu and gave us great recs. We ordered the special app they had for the night which was some fish (sashimi cut) from FL that was suuuper refreshing. We also got the rustico which is a meat and cheese board that was filled with all of the Italian classics. For dinner, I got the pesto pasta w/ sea scallops. It was de-lish!! I do have to say my boyfriend got the pork belly dish and that just exceeded all expectations. It was crunchy and soft I am literally dreaming of it as I type this out! For dessert we got salted Carmel gelato, such a great way to end the night. 
They have a cute outdoor section that has heaters! It was a little too chilly to have dinner outside last night. Major perk of this restaurant is that it is a BYO. We will definitely be back!This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. The space is great and open. The food is amazing - I get something new every time. Since it's a BYOB, you can't beat the price for the quality and atmosphere. The service is always wonderful!So excited to have this gem in our neighborhood! Delicious and pretty little restaurant! Had the gnocchi , octopus and fish.. all were delicious! We will certainly be back! Another great BYOB jawn!Lanima was delicious. We started with the grilled octopus and I had nero di sepia (squid ink pasta) My date had the vaccinate (pappardelle with boar). 
I would have to say polpo app was my favorite and I could have enjoyed that as a meal! The pasta was good but turned my mouth black! (This was a first date so it was a bit awkward, save that dish for not a date). I would not order it again aside from my mouth turning black. Next time I would try the pesto. That looked fabulous! The pappardelle was delicious and the boar provided some great flavor. The pasta was delicious in both dishes and tasted homemade which is key. 
For dessert we had the cannoli and some gelato. The dessert was fabulous and presentation was gorgeous. 
Our waiter whose name I forget was amazing. He was very personable and provided great recommendations. He was from NC if you go in ask for the waiter from NC. 
Lanima is also BYOB!Great food, very nice place, good service! One of my favorite places. I've been there several times with a number of different people and everyone raved about the delicious food... not a bad thing on the menu. Plus, it's a BYOB! Highly recommended!Had a wonderful experience at L'anima! Made mid week early evening reservations and was still expecting to be some glitches in the evening since they hadn't even been open three weeks. However, my entire party was blown away by not only excellent service but delicious food! We ordered the special appetizer and then two apps, two pastas and two sides (for 3) and had exactly enough. Everything tasted incredible fresh, unique and homemade. 
The atmosphere inside is really cute and modern. Outside has a great porch with colorful furniture and the perfect spot to be in the shade. 
Of course the major bonus here- it's BYOB! 
Can't wait for my return, which will definitely be soon.This may be my new favorite itialian place.. I held a large birthday dinner this weekend and everything from customer service, atmosphere, and food was exceptional.. the cacio e pepe was one of the best I've had. Not many places can execute such a classic roman style dish. The sea bass was cooked perfectly and melted in your mouth. I want to thank Rosemary and Thomas for an amazing experience.Lively neighborhood spot. Food was alright, pastas were fresh and handmade which is always a plus though nothing blew me away.  Overall a bit lower than expectations. Not the most attentive service though we never had to wait too long for anything. The charcuterie was subpar. This has a bit of a Melograno feel the including noise level but in a newer building.Went here for a friend's birthday dinner in the middle of a sudden storm so no one was there and we didn't feel guilty hogging a table for eight for almost two hours. 
Everything we got was excellent. We ended up sharing several appetizers including a flatbread which I highly recommend. I believe the whole group enjoyed everything we ordered. 
Here's what I remember:
Rustico antipasti: elegant selection of meats and cheeses
Reginae flatbread: very solid 
Caprese Di Alici: I didn't eat this but just group loved it. Buffalo mozzarella app
Brussels sprouts appetizer special: can't go wrong
Vaccinara: I got this dish. So yummy. 
Pesto: only get it you love pesto. My pesto crazed friend thought it was slightly overwhelming. She enjoyed it but it is not subtle. 
I think we ended up getting a bunch of specials as well. 
Would def go again. The pastas were good and we got some nice desserts as a surprise for my friend. 
Most importantly: BYOB!This place was just ugh not worth the money. The service was slow and on top of that the food was not seasoned well. I ordered the cacio e pepe and this dish was so bland, it tastes better at gran cafe. It could have been because we were a table of 9, but still food was awful. Wish I hadn't wasted my money here.What a wonderful meal we had at this lovely restaurant. Based on our single dinner at this gem, I happily give 4 stars.
The service was great and very warm and friendly with  great knowledge of the menu. 
All the apps were excellent. The salad, octopus 
and mussels were great quality. The entrees, pastas and fish were also excellent in flavor and cooked to perfection. For dessert, the pana cotta were the best since we had in Greece. 
BYOB is always a blessing and a curse. We save $$ by bringing wine but I would have preferred a cocktail to start.
Overall an excellent and flawless meal and service.  This was a modest priced restaurant with expensive quality food.Excellent food, very well prepard. A little noisy. There was a weird rumble/vibration under our table, but not enough to spoil the evening.Very cute inside and out. Food is excellent and surprisingly not expensive. We got a mussel appetizer, scallop pasta, etc. Each dish was about $15 each. 
Would recommend the pistachioNice byo spot with trendy ambience, plenty of outdoor seating and good Roman cuisine. The menu is heavy on seafood and lacks your traditional Italian American options, which was kind of refreshing. I came here on a Thursday and the hostess greeted immediately and sat us right away. The seating along the booth area was very comfortable. The decor is vibrant and light. The server came by to greet us and gave us the specials and her favorites. She encouraged us to get the mussels for an appetizer, which was amazing. The red sauce was light and garlicy, and the mussels were cooked to perfection. The server brought bread and oil to the table with the appetizer, which was perfect for dipping. For entrees my fiancé ordered the pappardelle with boar ragu. I was between entrees and the server brilliantly swayed me toward the squid ink potato gnocchi in seafood ragu. The gnocchi and sauce was Godsend. One of the softest, most unique and tastiest gnocchi I ever had. I was very impressed with the dish. The pasta and boar ragu was also divine. My fiancé just loved her meal. The portions were pretty good for the price. We were certainly very full. We could even get dessert. We will definitely be back here. A great addition to the neighborhood.I ate here with a few friends on a Friday night. I really wanted to like this place (I've always enjoyed Melograno), but sadly our experience was lacking in several areas. Although we were sat immediately and given bread and water, no waiter came to our table for at least 30 minutes. In fact, we were not even given menus until one member of our party went to the host stand to get them (20 minutes after arriving). We waited another ten minutes before I got up to tell the hostess we were ready to order. 
My friends seemed to enjoy their pasta dishes, but the pork loin entree I ordered was tough and dry, not to mention the brussels sprouts (in my dish as well as the side dish ordered by a friend) were highly undercooked. It shouldn't be difficult to cut a vegetable with a serrated knife. For dessert we shared a tiramisu, which was fine, and a cannoli, which was an insult to the many great bakeries in South Philadelphia. For one, it was deconstructed (flat sheets of pastry with a small amount of cream in between), but the pastry was so stale and flavorless that half of it went uneaten.
To be fair, the restaurant did apologize for the inattentiveness and gave us a free salad and cheese/meat board, but the quality of the food and the service we experienced simply did not justify the prices we paid. I hope it improves with time!Great dinner. We had the melon and prosciutto appetizer special and the papardelle with scallops pesto. Super service and family friendly!Not what I was expecting but very pleasant. Service was great, food was very good. The burrata with anchovies was fabulous. The pasta with sea urchin was bland (no taste of the urchin). Will certainly come back to try other dishes.The food is great and always comes out very hot. The service is a little scattered and rarely give the right food to the right people at the table, but only an uptight person would care about that. Enjoy!L'anima provides good food, nice ambiance and great service. The name translates to "the soul" in Italian. And it's a BYOB!  It wasn't crowded, perhaps because it sits within the Graduate Hospital residential area. In fact, it's located on the first floor of a condo building and it's the only nice restaurant within blocks. 
We went here for dinner on a Thursday night. Our waiter was terrific in explaining the various items on the menu. The Italian dishes were unique and ones that I was not familiar with. Complimentary bread was provided prior to our meal. 
We ordered the Spigola (sea bass with potatoes) and Pesto (pappardelle with mint and arugula pesto with sea scallops). Both entrees were rich and delicious, but without being overly heavy. The portion sizes were adequate. Since we live very close, we will probably come back when friends visit from out of town.Awesome space and great ambiance. Service was touch and go, maybe our table had multiple servers and we weren't told? Our waiter just went missing for quite some time so we flagged down others when we needed something (we weren't given any bread and wanted to add to our order). Maybe our waiter had a ton going on that day!
The food was great we got the Pulpo, Pesto (scallops and pesto with pasta), Cacio e Pepe, the cheese and mushroom crepe and at the last minute we added the mushroom, arugula, lemon truffle and beef flatbread. 
This was the perfect amount of food for 3 people, we didn't order the flatbread at first but were kind of still hungry at the end so we added that. The pulp was cooked really well (hard to do!) but the taste left something to be desired. The Pesto was my favorite, the pesto was fresh and scallops and pasta were amazing quality. The cacio e pepe was very well done but needed a smidge more pepe! the mushroom crepe was super unique and one of our favorites, we had never seen this before and were SO happy we ordered it. The flatbread was amazing too, the perfect amount of lemon truffle just made it that much better. The beef was a thinly sliced cured beef, I have never had anything like it and really did enjoy it.
All in all so glad we tried this place and I look forward to going back. Oh, and it is BYO :).An authentic Italian cusine with a cool environment. They bring you a special bread, parmesan cheese and olive oil as a welcome meal ( they sometimes run out of it tho!!) and the waiters are nice and welcomingL'anima is great if you're looking for a BYO experience in Graduate Hospital. This is one of the only BYOs in the immediate neighborhood, so I'm surprised by how small the crowd was on a Saturday at 7pm. The servers were prompt, attentive, and able to answer our questions about the menu and specials. We had a great roasted vegetable appetizer with goat cheese and balsamic vinaigrette. The salmon was cooked perfectly, and while the portion size was a bit too big for me, it was definitely worth the price of the dish. There is a beautiful outdoor seating area with flowers and colorful tables and chairs. Unfortunately, sitting outside was the only negative aspect of our experience, because the flies and mosquitos were relentless. We still enjoyed our meal, but left with no fewer than 15 bug bites on our arms and legs. I would suggest spraying yourself with bug spray or bringing a citronella bracelet if you plan to eat outside here. Overall, great place. Check it out!I made a reservation for a Saturday night a few days in advance. I really enjoyed it here, overall.
1. Food was awesome. Super reasonable prices considering all of the pasta entrees we ordered had fish, seafood, or meat in them! ($75 for three pasta entrees and an app). I especially love that there's Roman options (cacio e pepe, amatriciana) that you can't find at other Philly Italian places.
2. The charcuterie/cheese platter was amazing.
3. Our server for most of the night was awesome. But at some point in the night, he left. (But he didn't tell us that he was switching us over to a different guy, which I thought was weird.) The new server sort of forgot about us and didn't come back. 
4. BYO is obviously great.
5. Super cute place, with lots of outdoor seating. Decent sized inside too! The location is definitely an underserved area, and I like that's in between Rittenhouse and South Philly.
6. The fire alarm went off twice during our dinner. It's an open kitchen concept, but they definitely need to figure out their ventilation.This was a cute hidden gem that was unexpected with charming bistro lights. We ordered the calamari, cheese ravioli and margarita pizza. Definitely great filling options. The calamari had the wonderful addition of artichokes. I do wish the ravioli had a little more flavor but the pizza was delicious. Really liked that it also was a byob.My first visit here was excellent. I thought the food was really good (octopus, steak, carbonara). But after coming back the second and third time I've become less impressed. The flavors were just a bit lacking with each subsequent visit. I think the carbonara is the only thing I find consistently good here.Went here on a blazingly hawt Friday evening. Reserved via Open table because I was not sure if everyone being forced inside would crowd the establishment. It was about 75% full when stepped into a 7:30p reservation. Remember BYOB so bring bubbly or hops to your dinner (they will provide a bottle chiller). Inside is a modern retro twist with an open kitchen. Nice and lively, but intimate seating as well. Our waiter, Brandon, for the evening was extremely nice and I will say ratings go up when service is stellar. Brandon was top notch in promptness, attitude, conversation and recommendations. We started with the tuna crudo, which I could do without of all the things we ordered. One of the pieces actually seemed from a different cut of tuna than the rest of the dish. It was meh. (Apps range from ($9-17). They had a couple of pasta specials, but I ordered the oxtail ragu (vaccinara) and wifey ordered the pesto dish (seared scallops). Both dishes were of the pappardelle variety, so they were filling and wholesome. I enjoyed my oxtail with the red ragu sauce. Fresh and solid. No crazy seasoning or anything that popped out, but solid. The pesto on my wife's dish was very clean and light. Do not order if you are looking for a buttery pesto. This was lean and green. She had 3 seared scallops on the dish which I guess they weigh out because two were jumbo and one was a tiny offspring of the other. I am not a huge scallop fan but apparently that sufficed for the ratio of pasta. Ordered the tiramisu to finish the night and it was a great share. Perfect for sharing and great ratio of layers. Overall enjoyed the experience, great service, and will be back to snack on the pizza and bring back another bottle to split!Went here on saturday night as a spontaneous byob dinner date. They have a great outside section but we decided to sit in the air conditioning. For an app we got the Tonno which was tuno crudo, buffalo mozzarella and oven roasted tomatoes. It was delicious, i loved the flavor combinations, but very small which was disappointing. For entrees my bf got the special pasta which was a saffron fettuccine with sausage which was amazingly flavorful and fresh. I got the pesto pappardelle with scallops which was good but honestly nothing special. I wanted to try it because the pesto was mint and arugula but it just tasted like regular pesto. Again, the pasta itself was very fresh. For dessert we got the cannoli which was so yummy and different because it was deconstructed. Definitely a great, affordable spot, we will be back for sure!Bright and colorful BYOB tucked in G-Ho. There was a casual vibe to the space, while still feeling slightly modern in the redeveloped buildings. We were seated inside by the window, with a view of the outdoor area. 
The mussels and octopus to were both very tasty. The broth was enjoyable, although it would have been nice to have some extra bread for dipping. My husband had the squid ink pasta and I had the special with scallops. Dinner was fine, but my biggest gripe was the quantity of scallops -- it was literally 2 scallops, each cut in half. For the cost and portion size of the dish, I would have expected to see at least 3-4 *whole* scallops. (I've also never had scallops at any restaurant sliced in half.) 
Our water glasses were never refilled, even though we asked twice for water. That was kind of annoying. 
Overall food was good, it was worth trying - but wouldn't be my first choice to return to.Ambience was great, service was great but the food not so much,
My fiancée got sick after, we though everything was kind of room temperature not hot at all,
Very basic flavor, maybe it was late I know is hard times to work, very uncomfortable, hopefully next time we can experience better food.Get da BADA bing!
Food 10
Atmosphere 10 
Everything is delicious every time.
Recommends:
Lanime Pinsa
Fettunta 
Pasta specialI had been looking for outside dining and this was one on the options. I previously had this restaurant on my list of BYOBs to visit for quite some time, and I am so glad that glad that I finally made it. The appetizers, the pasta, our steak and pork chop entrées, and ending it with the olive cake desert make it a perfect evening! The ambience, food, and service were all great, and we will definitely be back.