I walk by here every day but had not been inside until this weekend. I was impressed with the service as well as the quality of the food. 
It was a little on the pricier side for what I would consider good (not great) Italian food. 
Overall the meal was enjoyable and I would go certainly go back. BYO is always a plus.Been here twice, will definitely go again.
once went for a date, and sat outside. when it began to rain the server asked if we would like to move inside but we decided to stay and enjoy the weather (we were safely tucked under an awning).
i had the arrabiata sauce, which in my opinion was the best i've had in a loooooong time. and believe me, i am a red sauce connoisseur! he had the chicken marsala, which is pretty much his staple order at italian spots, so it's also safe to say he is a good judge on that dish. we both enjoyed our meals very much and couldn't believe we'd never heard much about the place.
solely to once again taste that delicious sauce, i (selfishly?) recommended La Fontana for a group of friends looking to celebrate a birthday. we ended up inside in the back with 11 people in an 8 person space. not terrible though, as it seemed like there were several other large parties taking up the other bigger table arrangements. all in all, we enjoyed ourselves, the meals, and the 3 bottles of wine we brought. the servers gave us ample space to eat all the courses. no one fussed while we took 100 pictures, or changed our minds three times about dessert. after we left, i realized i left my ID on the table (let's blame the wine, shall we?) and called back to see if they could find it. the foreign, male servers were happy to meet me halfway down the block to give it back, and i only endured a couple creepy glances as i walked away.We held a surprise party at La Fontana last Saturday night for my mom's Birthday. 
La Fontana has always been a family favorite and great go-to spot. Food is delicious, BYOB's are always great and the location can't be beat. Needless to say as great as the food is the opposite can be said about the staff. They are rude, very pushy and have never been pleasant to deal with. We hosted a party for 26, and I had coordinated everything with someone over the phone. Not to long after we got my mom to the restaurant and she was still saying her hello's one of the waiters approached me and said that we needed to order because they had another party coming in at 8. Much to my chagrin, I responded with "we just got here, can you please let us greet our guests before you start making us order?!"  
From the minute our butts hit the seats they were forcing us to order. Like I said above the food is great and our guests were enjoying what they had ordered. By 7:30 we were singing happy birthday to my mom and cutting the cake, everyone was enjoying themselves, the company and their wine or coffee. About 20 minutes later a couple of the waiters came up the stairs jackets in tow. They had proceeded to say that we needed to leave (yes, just like that) we were being herded out of the restaurant literally. I looked at my dad with a very puzzled look on my face and said "it isn't our fault that they booked another party on the heals of ours." But there we were 10 minutes later all 26 of us standing outside the restaurant with dumbfounded looks on our faces. 
As great as the food is at La Fontana I think my family and I decided this was the last time we would frequent this restaurant. There are a million and one other great BYOB Italian restaurants in and around Philadelphia that don't treat their patrons like cattle.
For those who have never been to La Fontana be warned, you will have a great meal, but you will be rushed the entire time.I'd give this place zero stars if I could.  
I agreed to go here for New Year's Eve despite the fact I'd been here twice before and been completely unimpressed.  My friends wanted to go to a BYO, we ruled out places with prix fixe menus, and we needed a res for a party for 8, so this was it.  We made the reservation on Dec 2nd and confirmed there wouldn't be a pre-set menu.  
New Year's Eve rolls around and I get a call at 2:30 pm before our 7 o'clock reservation.  Apparently there was a computer issue and the restaurant would be cash only for the evening.  Okay, fine - easy enough to give my friends the heads up.  Only then, as if an afterthought, the host tells me they had changed their menu to a $75 per person prix fixe.  He tells me this will be the only menu available after admitting that they only managed to put it on their website the week before.  Mind you, if you added up everything you'd be getting for the $75 even if you ordered the most expensive thing in every course you'd only hit around $50 AND you still need to provide your own alcohol.
We tried to speak to a manager to ask if there was anything they could do as we booked well before this menu was set, but the manager was too busy to talk and we were told there was nothing that could be done for us.   
Fortunately for us, we found a reservation for 8 at Buddakan for the same time and everyone had much higher quality food for significantly less than $75 per person, even including alcohol and gratuity.
 Don't waste your time!I LOVE this place. All the waiters are extremely accommodating and entertaining and they always seem to give some appetizer or dessert on the house. Hard to beat prices plus it's a BYOB. Food is delicious, and portions are always enough for my next day's lunch....If you haven't gone yet, you are missing out!!-The food was great.
-My experience was great.
-I will return for dinner
I was seated quickly, I had reservations. The menus and service went smoothly. I brought my bottle of wine, I love BOYB. Overall I had a great night at La Fontana Della Citta.Great BYOB and awesome authentic Italian food. They take reservations last minute and are very accommodating. The restaurant can get very noisy at times because it is usually crowded but it is a great dining experience!Mel has been wanting to try La Fontana for some time and last night was our first visit.
-We had 8:00 reservations and at 8:00 our table was ready! Great.
-We, once again, got an aisle table, but honestly there was enough room between tables that I didn't feel I was being crowded.
-Server knew the menu and answered questions politely. His name was Emri. If you visit, why not ask for him?
-The place was fully seated and it was a bit noisier than I'd prefer.
-The menu wasn't very inspiring. Only Talapia or Salmon as fish choices. All the beef, veal, chicken, and pork dishes were the same style.
-The food came out hot, and as advertised. Big plus. We had the spinach, and the antipasti for apps.
-They do tend to be aggressive about moving you along through your meal. I mean as soon as we finished our apps, the plates were gone.
-They entrees came out piping hot and as advertised. We both had pasta dishes. Mel had gnocchi and I had a seafood with vodka red sauce dish. Both were good and decent portions.
-We didn't stay for dessert as we wanted to go someplace else.
-Total tab was $68.00 for the two apps and two pasta dishes.
It's a three star....probably will go again kind of place.
If it was a bit more quiet and if the menu was a bit more inspiring they would definitely get 4 to 5 stars.Our out of town friends visited us a few weeks ago and we took them to this BYOB Italian place. We made a reservation but we still had to wait for about 20 mins. The hostess felt bad so she gave us a free place of cheese while we waited.
I had a HUGE seafood pasta dish that had tons of actual seafood like scallops and shrimp. It was a special so the sauce was tomato based I believe. My fiance had the Strip Steak from the specials and honestly it was over done and expensive. We are from Texas so maybe we are not used to steaks Italian style. Our friends also had a seafood pasta dish and tilapia dish that were good.
Overall the ambience was nice, lively and cozy, the wait staff was very attentive and polite. We had a good time catching up with our friends and wish we had brought more wine.Went back again last night and had a really nice meal. Service was very helpful and attentive. The linguine special with shrimp, crab and scallops was chock full of seafood. Comfortable place, good food and a relaxed pace. Not the most exceptional food going, but a nice place we'll come back to.We went for an early dinner after a Sunday theatre matinee. The waitstaff was pleasant and attentive. We loved the food- great pasta dishes and seafood. It was a pleasant atmosphere and of course, BYO.  We would definitely eat here again.After making a reservation, we waited over an hour for our table only to eat frozen vegetables in pasta.Yelp ratings do not lie.
Well maybe they do - 3 Stars is supposed to mean "A-Ok."  La Fontana was not A-OK....
The food was no more than bad diner food.  Think of the worst south jersey hick diner "italian" food.  If you're in the mood for that, then you're in luck!
The seafood soup tasted like it was fresh out of a pouch. The gnocchi part of the gnocchi gorgonzola was decent, but the gorgonzola sauce was flavorless.  The ravioli in pink sauce reminded me of a microwaved lean cuisine.  
(TIP: If you want Gnocchi gorgonzola, just go to Spasso.)
My main dish, the Pollo Oscar....  oh boy.  A slimy mixture of a sauteed chicken breast, what I assume was spinach, and hair-thin shreds of crab meat which would've gone unnoticed if not described in the menu all swimming, well, drowning, in brown marsala sauce.  It literally looked like slop. Fancy Feast looks more appetizing: http://bit.ly/AkiS3i
Oh, and my cheesecake was slightly frozen.
I really hate sounding so negative, but we just did not enjoy the meal here. The whole time I was thinking that Gordon Ramsay would have a conniption fit if he were to eat here starting from the minute he sat down and was greeted with the sticky, dirty bottle of balsamic placed on the table.
The one positive is that it's a BYO and when we said we didn't have a bottle with us, they offered us a complimentary glass of wine.  +1 star.  The staff was pretty friendly, but let's face it, we're here to eat food.this is a BYOB restaurant. i enjoyed their calamari and pasta alla vodka, but i've had better with much cheaper prices at other italian places. i guess you're paying for its location? not sure that i'd go back. there are so many other BYOB restaurants in philly that i need to visit anyways.La FontanaThis is my first one star rating on Yelp. I should have paid more attention to "Lauren B's" 1 star rating for this place a few beneath mine. I would bet my bottom dollar that the decent ratings come from local regulars who they decide are worthy of customer attention. If you're not local and regular (and I have no idea why ANYONE would be a regular here), STAY AWAY! These folks are BRUTAL. All of their one start ratings make sense. I like the one from Dhruv J. who they told to "Get the F***out"!
With all of the great Italian restaurants in Philly, I am astonished this one can remain open. I tried it for a business lunch this week. It's a really busy holiday week in Philly, yet for the height of the lunch hour when we were there, there was only one other table with patrons. The fact that it was empty was the only thing that made sense. 
I always try to find a silver lining, so here it is: IT WAS QUIET!
Don't let the white table cloths fool you, the food is below average, especially with all of the great Italian restaurants in our city. It's an overpriced, neighborhood wannabe restaurant.
Worse, the service was horrific. At the many good and great Philly Italian restaurants, the service is typically stellar, whether the place is  old and classic or new and trendy. NOT HERE. Maybe they treat customers from their neighborhood better, but I felt like I had 3 heads. My waiter "Izzy" is rude, not gracious, not on top of things and in the wrong business. When I tried to discuss my experience with the owners before resorting to Yelp, they blew me off.
I love Italian food, Italy and Italians. I'm a lifelong Philly guy, a business owner and I eat out regularly, for business and pleasure.  I have yet to write a review this negative on Yelp, but I was so turned off by this place. 
Do yourself a favor...if you want to be appreciated as a customer, or eat great food...go another few blocks in almost any direction...or just get a cheese steak and you'll be happier.Unremarkable Italian food - not bad, not good, just "meh I have experienced better"...I really wanted to like it due to the fact that I live so close and there is ample outdoor seating but alas, there are way better BYOB Italian places in close proximity. Atmosphere inside is nice but slightly stuffy and my gnocchi was overcooked which I hate hate hate. Bread was extremely good though and service was nice as well.I don't know what all the complaining is about in a lot of these reviews!?  I've been here 3 times in the past year, and every time leave feeling extremely satisfied.  The calamari was a good app.  I've had one of the gnocchi dishes and loved it, and this past time, I had a fantastic Veal Piccata.  I had a bite of my friend's Veal Parm and Eggplant Parm, and both were great.  
Their service has always been right on point, with younger looking staff members consistently refilling my water.  They even offered us complimentary wine when they noticed we didn't bring any.  Every time I've been there, the owner/manager has stopped by my table at least once to make sure everything has been up to par.  On my most recent trip, we had a very nervous looking server, but he explained the specials and got our entire order completely right.  
I haven't had dessert there, just a tasty espresso, but it sounds like they have a killer cannoli.  I'll definitely be back!Yummy food.  Good service.  
I came here on a Saturday night for a Bachelorette party.  We were 25 spirited, giggly, wine-quaffing girls in their dining room.  The wait staff was prompt and patient.  I enjoyed the thick Italian accents.  :-)
I got Gnocchi gorgonzola and it was wonderfully prepared.  Very tasty. 
Overall I appreciated the competence with which the wait staff handled our large and somewhat boisterous bunch.  When back in Philly and craving Italian, I'd definitely hit this place up.Entrees are solid Italian fare.  I had a pasta primavera in a white sauce that was very well done, and my friends seemed to like other chicken and pasta dishes.  The "special" pasta fagioli soup, however, could have been straight from a Progresso can and the Caesar dressed seemed to have come from a bottle.   The olive oil on the table was pathetic, tasted like nothing.  
Service and management at La Fontana is inexcusable.  Do not expect your reservation to be honored on the weekends.  Do not expect water refills or to be provided with pepper or cheese like most of the Italian restaurants in Philly.
Last night, my party of nine waited forty minutes for an 8 pm reservation, crammed in the front with three other groups also waiting for reservations at 8.  We were sat at a table meant for 6 or 7 people.  When we were done eating, we were asked to leave as soon as we had paid our bill, even though everyone still had wine in his glass.  
Overall, this place has fine standard Italian dishes, but if you are remotely interested in fine dining, skip La Fontana.  Philadelphia has so much more to offer than this.Good, prompt service.  Great calamari!  Disappointing entrees.  Very accommodating for specific requests.my food (penne puttanesca) was so so, and the bill was totally sketchy, but I had a few stolen bites of their amazing gnocchi that made it all seem alright.I went to La Fontana with 10 of my girlfriends for restaurant week last night.  We had a great experience.  The staff was very friendly and accommodating.  The restaurant was very cute and the food was delicious. I had the pasta fagioli for first course. Then the three pasta sampler next (loved this).  The chicken parm for my meal and ice cream with a hard chocolate shell for dessert.  Loved all of the food! We were having so much we ended up staying for 4 hours drinking wine.  We did not feel rushed but it was Sunday night and not too crowded.  Overall I would definitely come back.Like other reviewers, we experienced good pasta, stale bread, and lackadaisical service. I do have to note that the service is similar to the service we experienced in Rome's restaurants: they leave you alone for a leisurely dining experience. Nice dining room and lovely sidewalk dining on Locust Street. BYOB. 
Management mightWISH to address strong urine smell in men's room.This is one of my favorite italian BYOBs in the city. They are always nice and accomodating for say a birthday. I have only had one entree, I always order the seafodo pasta. But it is great for the price. They have outdoor seating. Really good desserts as well. Anyone I have ever taken here has loved it. Great place for groups also. Before a big night out, its the perfect place for dinner. I do agree with some other reviews, the bread is just ok.Walked in on a Saturday night with no reservation. We were seated right away but on the way to the table the hostess told us that it would be an hour and a half.  We were confused and asked if we would have to wait at the table for that long.  She said that is how long it takes to eat here.  I thought that was weird.  I ordered gnocchi my husband ordered Bowtie pasta with sausage.  My dish was average, his was excellent.  
The whole meal took about 1 hour. Prices were reasonable.  I would go back but would order something different.currently sitting at dinner celebrating our friends engagement. Our party called ahead and had a nice table set. One of our friends gave a short toast to celebrate and immediately as it ended one of the waiters told us if we wanted to make a scene we should have requested a private room. Told the waiter he was being rude and got offended and argued and he told me he had so many tables that were complaining. Didn't realize a 30 second speech disrupted the other 5 tables and that the waiter got all these complaints while standard next to us. The food was excellent, but this one waiter really made a nice moment have a sour taste.Everything here was mediocre.  No specific complaints about the food or waitstaff, but I will continue my search for delicious pasta in center city.Linguine Alla Pescatore - 26.95
Linguine sautéed with mussels, clams, shrimp, calamari, garlic extra olive oil. in white wine or tomato sauce
This was one of the best meals I have had in a long time and its a BYOB!!!!
La Fontana is a go to from now on.I understand that Friday night is a busy night for La Fontana, but this does not excuse the fact that they rushed us--in an unacceptably rude manner. My party arrived 20 minutes late, but I had called beforehand to notify them of this and they said it was fine. When me and my party of 9 arrived, they said that there was a party arriving one hour later and that we had to finish our meals by then. Again, I understand that it was a busy night and that we were a little late, so we didn't mind. However, the server told us this in an impatient, arrogant manner. I must admit that I was taken aback by this rude attitude; however, not to ruin the mood of the evening, I just brushed it off and forgot about it. During dinner, the waiters, though polite, rushed as and we definitely felt their persistent pressure. They told us to quickly choose our options and also physically took away our bread plates long before we were finished. TO ADD FURTHER INSULT TO INJURY, at one point during our group's conversation, the same server (who had rudely talked to us early) was passing by our table, turned to us, and loudly SHUSHED US. Excuse me?! We felt like children being berated by a schoolteacher. I did not think that we were, by any means, being louder than to our surrounding chatter and, absolutely by no means, loud to the extent that warranted a rude SHUSH. He could definitely have been polite about this. These types of actions are not only absolutely unacceptable from a classy BYO but from decent human interaction. Furthermore, if the food is a consideration, it was so-so and by no means spectacular. I feel that their selling point is more about the portion size than the quality. There are too many excellent BYOs and good restaurants in Philly for you to waste your time in this one.The food here is wonderful.  The only reason I give it three stars instead of four or five is because one time we had a pretty terrible experience waiting for our reservation.  We'd reserved a table for 6 or 8 people for 7pm one night, and didn't end up getting seated until 8:15 or 8:30.  I told them "Chuck Norris doesn't wait that long for a reservation," but it seemed to go right over their heads.Great food. Penne vodka best I ever had. Took awhile to be seated, even with a reservation, and it was a solid 25 minutes after being seated till our order was taken. Besides that, overall good experience.Disclosure: we came here around 7pm on a saturday night without reservations.  We knew it was a gamble so we can't be too picky when we were lucky enough to get seated.
That said, we showed up on a lovely spring evening hoping to carb-load the night before Broad Street.  We went inside and saw the hostess and another employee talking quietly but fervently behind the podium.  They appeared to be arguing about someone and not overly concerned that new patrons arrived.  After a minute or two the hostess turned to us.  We asked for a table and she told us that nothing was available inside.  She shrugged and just looked around and said "busy."  Then, almost apologetically, she told us that it was no wait to sit outside.  As it was a gorgeous evening, we chose this option.
Sitting outside was our downfall.  We were served water and bread when we sat down and then we waited.  We ate our bread and waited.  And waited.  And waited.  Just as we were discussing how much longer to wait before leaving, a server finally came up to us and asked if we had been helped.  He looked dismayed when we said no.  He took our order and was very pleasant for the rest of the evening.
About ten minutes after our order was taken (and 20-25 minutes after being seated) we saw a very harried looking server approach our table with a pen and pad.  He glanced at our table, saw our appetizer, and abruptly turned around.  I guess he was supposed to be our server originally but couldn't muster up the strength to actually wait on us.
Service issues aside, the food was pretty good.  My pappardelle with bolognese was delicious.  The sauce was meaty and spicy, the pasta delicate but with a little bite.  The portions are huge too, especially for the price.  We're talking fat American portions here, not fine dining portions.
Overall this was not the best experience, but not the worst either.  Service was disjointed and unorganized, but the food was pretty damn good.Excellent food and service. Even provided wine at no charge bc we did not know it was a byob. Definitely a hidden gem.I had my second experience at this restaurant this evening. It was terrible. The food was mediocre and over priced and the "service" was nonexistent. Our patience maxed out at the end of the meal and we shared our disappointment with a manager (I assume...) who proceeded to be argumentative and rude. He is offered dessert, but at that point all I wanted was to leave. NOT RECOMMENDED.Service is excellent, food is very average and the noise if the back room is full is unbearable.I lived in Rittenhouse for 2 years and often went to La Fontana. The food was always good and service was decent.
I am writing this review because I made a New Years Eve reservation for a group of people and received a phone call today to confirm my reservation. The hostess causally mentioned that the restaurant is only offering a price fix menu for $99/person, although when I made the reservation on Open Table, there was no mention of the special menu. I asked if I could speak with a manager to see if we could order off the regular menu and the hosted just said "no" and hung up. 
Although I like the food here, in no way is it worth $99/person. Failure to communicate this different menu makes things pretty inconvenient since it's now 12:30 PM on New Years Eve. I will not be back here.The food was very good. Service was great as well. A very good selection. I have been here two times already. One with a few friends and another time with a large group. Both great experiences. Will be coming again. ByobI would have to agree with many of the responses below.  Where do I start?  Let me begin with the fact that I made a reservation for this particular Saturday evening about 2 months in advance.  A group of friends decided to have dinner at this particular BYOB with a few of the friends coming a distance (Brooklyn, NY). My friends and I showed up about 15 minutes before our reservation which was at 7:30.  I checked in with the hostess just to let her know we were there.  At 7:30 I went back in to let her know we would like to be seated and she said it would be about 15 minutes.  OK, I understood and said I would be waiting outside. About 45 minutes later, my friends and I were finally seated.  ONE HOUR it took to be seated after I made reservations 2 months ago.  We received no apology for our inconvenience.  The service was just ok (I only had to ask 3 times for a diet coke). 
For those who are looking to head on over to La Fontana on a Saturday, just beware that you will be waiting a long time even with a reservation. 
-AnnoyedBy far the best Italian restaurant I've been to in Philadelphia.
I lived here for two and a half years and always walked by the door on the way to Rittenhouse Square and always meant to remember to eat there at some point but then inevitably would forget .  My boyfriend and I finally made it there tonight and I wish we had years ago!  
The atmosphere is ideal, the right lighting and number of tables in the main dining room; the service is exceptional, our water glasses were never empty and our plates were taken promptly (but not too soon); and the food is superb, his chicken was tender and the asparagus crisp and my fettuccine Alfredo had the creamiest sauce I've ever tasted.
I no longer live in Philly, but I now have a no-doubt-about-it favorite restaurant to eat at every time I'm here.Made a reservation on a Tuesday night, but walking in we realized we probably didn't need one. There were only a handful of filled tables and it stayed that way the whole time we were there. I ordered the farfalle barese. The combination of pasta, italian sausage and vegetables worked so well. I wasn't sure about the white wine garlic sauce at first, but it was nice and light. It was a delicious, yet simple dish. I also tried some of my friend's gnocchi sorrentina. This was good and very filling. I'll be adding this place to my rotation of BYOB's in the city.I've never walked out of a restaurant before, but there's a first for everyone.
Started out badly when the bread, slightly stale, was paired with a unique tasting olive oil. It had a strangely familiar taste, finally realized it was the taste of canola oil mixed with olive oil. 
Then our Chicken  Marsala arrived....Slightly weird  looking, lumpy instead of pounded flat, covered in a  ton of sauce. First bite, not Marsala but Chicken  Gravy! Like packet mix with water chicken gravy taste. My wife's had her's over Angel Hair pasta that was so saturated with the goo, it was uneatable. Waiter seemed to disappear after serving it. 
Complained to the girl at the register, that had an attitude, but also a look in her eyes like it wasn't her first time hearing this sort of complaint. Manager came over and stated perhaps our taste was different. 
Our taste is different, we expect a $25 Chicken Marsala to be excellent. I've had the misfortune to once eat at Olive Garden, this was far worse.
Charged us $10 for 2 glasses of kerosene house wine and we were out the door. 
Burped up Canola oil for about 2 hours that night.Went here for restaurant week a few weeks ago - was very happy with the meal. Definitely worth $35 for all the food they give you. 
What we got:
Appetizers:
Me - eggplant rollitini - one piece of it, so definitely not a big portion, but it tasted good. Not the best that I've had, but good as an appetizer. 
Bf - ceasar salad - simple, he liked it
Next course:
Trio pasta: was gnocchi in an alfredo-type sauce, penne in an spicy red sauce, and bowties in a vodka sauce. We both really liked all three. Probably the best gnocchi I've ever had - it was so soft and fluffy. However, I'm glad they gave us a sample of all three because I can't just eat gnocchi as I feel it gets old after a while. The vodka sauce was really good - I was combining the alfredo and vodka sauces actually. The trio was a really good idea and I was very happy with it.
Entree:
Me - I think it was called chicken la fontana - it was chicken in a lemon wine sauce with mozzarella cheese on it and topped with asparagus. It was pretty good, definitely the low point of the night. However, I can't say it was bad. I personally don't think that mozzarella cheese goes great with a lemon wine sauce, but that's just me. 
Bf - veal parm - he enjoyed it. I don't eat veal, so can't really comment. We both got very big portions
Dessert:
Me - cannoli. Definitely the best I've ever had. Amazing.
Bf - a ball of vanilla ice cream with a cherry in the middle and surrounded by chocolate. It wasn't anything special, but it was cute.
We also were offered a complementary glass of wine since we forgot to bring our own bottle. 
Overall, definitely worth the price for restaurant week - we left very full! And the food was very good. Not the best Italian restaurant I've been to, but a good experience. We will probably return.This is the second time I've been to this place. Both times, the service was excellent. We went on a Sunday evening, and it was quiet. 
We started with the calamari on a recommendation from another diner. It was spot on. Very fresh, and light, the sauce was delicious. Both of us got house salad, which were nice sized. I had to gorgonzola gnocchi, which was INSANE. Huge portion size, plenty to stuff me for two meals. My fiance had the lasagna, which he also really enjoyed. For dinner, we got the chocolate mouse. 
Overall, the food was delicious and the service was great. I also love that this is a BYOB. (We did not have a corkage fee, despite what other reviews day.)The night before my daughter's graduation our family( 11 people) ate dinner at this wonderful little gem. We were seated a little bit off the beaten path, so we felt like we had our own little corner. The server was very attentive to our needs, and the food was fabulous. All our "special requests", like 
Having dressing put on the side, and omitting an ingredient, were met.  It was an extra bonus that we are able to bring our own wine! I wish we had known about this place sooner. Definitely recommend!Total disaster.  The food here is completely sub-par.  I'm pretty sure I can make better pasta.  And that's saying a lot, seeing as how I can barely boil water.  And let's not start talking about the atrocious and utterly confused waitstaff.  Horrible service, horrible food.  All-around horrible!This Is probably my favorite Italian restaurant in the city!! Went there with my boyfriend for lunch and dinner. 
Izzy our server at lunch was outstanding! He offered us complimentary wine from the house (a very nice gesture). We started with calamari, the tenderness and the freshness was very easy to tell! We loved it! My boyfriend had chicken parmesan and I had lobster ravioli! Oh my God!!! Mouthwatering! 
At dinner we had a different server, Emri. The night time had a different atmosphere. More people, more staff, more vivid! The chef himself came to the main dining room to greet the guests - so nice of him! The staff was amazing, there was a bussboy called Nevy, he was on top of the game , so attentive to our table! The night was special because it was my boyfriend's birthday! Emri came with the homemade tiramisu and apperantly the whole restaurant was singing happy birthday! I got goosebumps! My boyfriend was speechless from the surprise! 
Amazing experience! A+The only thing this place has going for it is that it's BYOB, you'll need alcohol to deal with the terrible service. First off, I've been here once before with a 30 person party in May 2012 and it was a great experience. This second visit was laughable. We arrived on Friday night around 6:30 and we were seated outside at our request. Waitress opened our wine as she goes off to sit with a coworker at another outside table. She didn't leave the cork with us so little flies kept falling into our wine bottle for the remainder of the night. As the waitress comes and asks if we're ready to order, we asked her if there were any specials. "Oh, you want to hear the specials?" "We do. Or don't we?." After ordering an appetizer of fried calamari we ordered entrees of the chicken picatta and the chicken parmesan.  We were not offered an ice bucket for our white wine, warm wine is better than no wine, right? A basket of bread was brought to the table. There was no olive oil, butter, or anything to eat the bread with, so we ate it dry. 
Eating dry bread, drinking warm wine, and dealing with the flies and lack of service wasn't a HUGE deal breaker, but as I look into the window of the restaurant from outside, the table next to us had all the things we desired. An ice bucket, olive oil, a smile on their faces. I felt as if we were last picked for a game of kickball. After we finished our entrees, a man comes around and places olive oil on all the outside tables. I'm not sure if we were forgotten about or if sitting outside grants you different service than sitting inside, but this experience was a huge disappointment all around.  My entree was pretty good, but Dining Partner's chicken parm left much to be desired. The marinara was watery and tasteless. We couldn't wait to get out of there. There's another Italian BYOB the next block over with better food and WAY better service. Will not be back.
Finally, the list of rules in the menu is absurd.This is by far one of my favorite BYOBs in the city.  My buddy Sal and I were walking around the city and he was complaining about he gaudiness of the Italian places in Midtown.  He pointed to la fontana della città and said "See that place?  Simple.  They probably have great food."
And they do.  
But it's not the just food that has me going back - the service is amazing.  It reminds me of sitting in one of my favorite little spots overseas... quiet, relaxed, slow but attentive.  I've never felt rushed - and never felt like I was waiting.
The fish dishes are amazing - the Salmon being my favorite... but I have been preferring the Eggplant Parm lately.  The way they slice the eggplant leaves for a unique mouthfeel... and SO tasty.  I can also recommend the gnocchi (even if I can't pronounce it right).  It's not Little Italy... but it's good stuff.
Worst website ever - but worth a visit.  Bring friends.Absolutely my worst experience in an Italian Restaurant in Philly in years. Food is below average, service is slow and I saw the waiters favor regulars and mock new customers. Rudest waiter and owner I've dealt with in Philly. I've been to many more expensive restaurants....still this isn't cheap and for what you get, it's terribly over-priced. 
Lived here all my life...this is my WORST review of a Philly Restaurant.These Italian BYOBs all seem the same.
This one had a slightly nicer atmosphere than most and my mushroom appetizer was really good. My girlfriend liked her shrimp pasta. My eggplant parm deserved 2 stars at best.One of my go to BYOB restaurants in center city- delicious and affordable.Was looking for a moderately priced Italian BYOB for an impromptu celebration with  my parents and boyfriend, since I just got offered a sweet new job (yay me!!). We were immediately seated without reservations...it was 7:30 on a Thursday and not crowded at all.
I get nervous bringing my dad to a restaurant I haven't tried before, since he was a restaurant manager in times of yore and is therefore more than a little judgy. I was DELIGHTED that dad was super impressed with his veal. It was thinly sliced but still cooked to perfection. 
My mom and I both got shrimp scampi and they did well cooking it to taste -- my mom's light on garlic, mine a bit heavy on it. The portion sizes were large (2 meals for me).
The service was fine for a relaxed meal, but I could see how you wouldn't want to eat here if you're in a rush.
This place is very in line with the yummy, nice but not fancy Italian restaurants I grew up with in Jersey. :) You get what you expect here, which is a delish carb filled Italian meal.Great Italian food - not so great service.  Would continue to go back just for the food, in spite of the service.The food was pretty mediocre, and certainly not worth the price.  I had the Pollo Alla Piccata, which had a somewhat strange texture, and my boyfriend had the Gnocchi Al Gorgonzola, which he said tasted like Kraft Mac & Cheese (it kinda did).  Service was okay, though bringing 5 pieces of bread for 8 people without being ask for more isn't exactly ideal.
If you come with a group, be prepared to tip 20% regardless of how good you felt the service was, and don't plan on splitting the bill on more than two cards. Not sure what they do here that they feels justifies their prices and group dining regulations. Some of my friends thought their meals were quite good, so your mileage may vary, but I personally wouldn't choose to return.La Fontana is one of my top 3 favorite BYOs in Philly. You can't go wrong with the gnocchi - I get it every time and it never let's me down. Addicted is an understatement! 
Also, if you forget your wine, they'll give you a glass of house wine for free :)Very impressed.Service , shrimp risotto, chicken parm were all amazing. Definitely recommend!Good food, horrible service. Usually great food can overcome bad service - not here. I've been here 3 times in 6 months and the first time was great, the second time was okay, and the third time was lousy. The food all three times was good - the service went downhill. I read reviews that they only care about regulars. That could be - although it seems like a very odd idea, because we live  only 5 blocks away and could become regulars. However, our service was COLD, disinterested and rushed us. there was nothing pleasant about him or the overall experience of dining here. There were some female waitresses that tried to make up for our server but basically the treatment is lousy.We made a reservation for a party of 20 - we called to confirm said reservation - we arrive and surprise on a packed Saturday night there was no table available. 
Furious - my friend who made the reservation spoke with them and about 35 minutes later (which involved the whole party - balloons and all - forced to wait outside) we were seated at two separate tables and not the one table we requested.  
Either way that's not the only thing I hated. 
The waitstaff was terrible when it came to answered questions about the menu - simple things like "do you make your pasta with eggs?" "Is there butter in the arrabbiata?" Just basic menu questions..... At one point they brought me out two entrees Bc they "didn't understand" what I ordered.  Then halfway through eating my pasta they came and grabbed the bowl away from me and claimed it was made with butter (wait didn't I ask that already?) 
I'm sure other people have had much better experiences but I was just not that impressed.Down with this place! Great for groups! We were with a group of 20 and the service was fair! Delicious food and love how it's BYOBGreat for large groups, have been there twice with a very big crowd and food has been great. Waiters are very, very attentive and pleasant to talk to which is always a plus. 
Big groups can be difficult to manage (especially when we're so loud) but the service has been of great quality, they're great at handling the chaos without jeopardizing quality of food and service.
Good place! Recommend.The service here is awful. Simply, the worst.  I made an open table reservation for NYE after checking out their website a week before and seeing no special menu for the evening.  It was not until we arrived at the restaurant that we learned it was a $100 per person Prix fix BYO- no alcohol included.  Seriously?!?! When we informed them this was NOT indicated on the website and we are not interested in a frix fix meal the hostess informed us there was nothing she could do and we should probably try somewhere else, and that we did.  Thank you to Parc Rittenhouse for squeezing our party of 5 in last minute on NYE and for the OUTSTANDING service provided.  I will never advise anyone I know to dine at La Fontana Della Citta.La Fontana is my go to for a quick, good Italian dinner. You can always get a table and they're fine with larger groups.
Never noticed before, but it seems that they have started to charge a cork fee. This is not mentioned anywhere on the site or menu.C'mon- "Risotto Pescatore" is not seafood topped with white rice. Awful.Excellent restaurant, the food was amazing, and the waiters were very nice and friendly. I was walking by the restaurant with my friends and stopped to look at the menu, i had never been on that restaurant so I didn't know it was a BYOB , but they offered us some complimentary glasses of wine since we didn't bring any. I would totally recommend this restaurant to everyone, I would definitely go back !!  
Best callamariiiiiiiiiii ever!!!!!!I have never written a review on Yelp until now... 
I have actually eaten here before and had great experiences each time. The food was good, service was friends and then add in BYOB and I am a happy customer! This is why I thought this place would be the perfect restaurant to celebrate my birthday. 
My boyfriend had called 2 weeks in advance to make the reservation to fit 8 guests. He had modified this reservation a couple of days later since our party grew to be 12. He even went to the restaurant the day of my birthday and our reservation to drop off a cake since I am allergic to gluten and confirmed the new reservation number with the manager. - you would think this would be smooth sailing and a great dinner celebration to come right? Guess again...
When we arrived, the table was set for 8 people. Immediately we went to speak with the manager and hostess about the mistake. They told us that they were not able to accommodate us, even though he had called and stopped by earlier to confirm. They then said that we could have a table in the basement but had to leave at 8:45pm. Our reservation was for 7pm and after the seating debacle it was going on 7:30. Not exactly how I wanted to start out my birthday dinner, but I was just happy all my friends and family had a seat.
at 8:30 they promptly told us that we needed to pay and leave. We understood that we had to leave and handed over a mix of cash and a few cards. They then said they would only run two cards and that the party needed to go get cash and figure it out. As they filed in the new party and pushed us out.
I really hoped for a great way to start out my birthday but La Fontana, you really rained on my birthday parade.This small BYOB was excellent. It was recommended to me by a friend.  The Calamari Fritti was one of the best I have ever had.  The Bruschetta was good, but that is easy to get  right. Veal Francese was excellent as well as the Cavalli Bolognese. The restaurant is nicely located 2 blocks from Rittenhouse square. There is about 4 outdoor tables.  The service was spot on.  We kind of lingered longer than I was comfortable with but the staff was patient.  Highly recommend this restaurant and I will be back.Ah, La Fontana. This BYO place is just really odd. I've been here twice now for birthday dinners, because they are super accommodating to large groups. However, the food just isn't that good, and the place itself feels old and outdated.
There is a big dining room upstairs, but that was already occupied by another large group, and we were seated down in the basement. This was fine, we ended up having the place to ourselves down there, buttttt it smelled like sewage. Truly. And felt like you were eating in a basement.
I was disappointed that since we had a large group deal, we had a limited menu to order from. I went with the Pollo Fantasia which was ok. Two large skinny slabs of chicken.
One thing I will say is that they brought out dessert "samplers" at the end, but they were actually HUGE and by far the best part of the evening. I loved the tiramisu. 
I'll avoid La Fontana in the future but I still had a lovely time with my friends. I mean, it was BYO!Been here a couple of times and it is always good. Last time I had a seafood pasta special that was to die for! Scvallops, crap meat, shrimp, etc. The sauce was perfect too. I love their pasta dishes but have had chicken once or twice.
The bread is good - this is always my first impression. Having olive oil instead of butter is a given for me and I like that they do this.
I had a 9:15 reservation but we had to wait like 30 minutes! I was super annoyed at this as we were told we were the next two but then saw others go. They were jam packed which shows how good it is though. The waiter told us with was nothing - he thought only 250 people came through whereas the next night would be 350-400! When you see the size of the place, you'll know how impressive that is!
And as always - love BYOs. Good authentic Italian spot.Food is basic Italian (on par with the olive garden). Nothing special. The hostess was incredibly rude to us. Not worth going here again.I would of given a higher rating as the dishes were very delicious!! We had Cesar salad, penne alla vodka w/chicken, linguini alla Von golle, and white/chocolate mouse with blueberries at the bottom.  However, the service was not there, they weren't pleasant, didn't pay attention to us one 2 huge part is came in.  Towards the end a waiter finally helped us all the way to the end, he was the only friendly person there.  We would go again but knowing the food is worth it and be patient - do try it for an Italian yummy dishes!!The last time I was here I witnessed a waiter go after a customer outside and punch him. We ran into that group after and they said they were wrongfully accused of trying to dine and dash. Needless to say the service here is terrible. It is nearly impossible to get anyone's attention to even just refill your glass. Also kept having issues with them trying to clear plates before we were done eating. 
Had a reservation for a Friday night, table of 3 and they sat us in the basement in a room of a birthday party, very awkward. 
The food is sub-par, pasta tasteless, under cooked. I will not return or recommend this restaurant.One of the finest Italian restaurants I've been too.  It reminded me of the "Little Bear in Rome"!  Not to fancy, with great services and wonderful food.This place is great. They treated me like a king after I was having the worst day ever. The food was delicious. It's even better that it's a BYOB. Now I can get as hammered as I want without some jerkstore bartender cutting me off. Woo hoo!My favorite Italian BYOB in Philadelphia. Definitely a Philly best kept secret. Authentic food, you can't go wrong with what you order!Meh. I've been here 3 times and I will never go back. On my last trip, we made reservations for 5pm on Friday and they brought us down to a dingy basement with FRUIT FLIES. The food was just OK. I would never return. The servers were rude and inconvenienced by our presence. La Fontana is notorious for booking and rushing large parties. Totally not worth it.While dining at the fountain of the city with some friends, I found myself thinking, "what am I going to write when I yelp this place? How many stars should I give? I wonder what everyone else is talking about and why they aren't including me in the conversation, probably because I'm having an internal monologue about yelp."  Once I reintroduced myself to my dining compatriots, I was able to take in the experience more fully.
The restaurant decor is what you would expect from a center city italian byo, and by that I mean it feels like you just walked into the main floor of someone's home who has set up for a dinner party. A nice intimate setting with multiple dining areas. Seated in the main dining room surrounded by windows, we were able to take in the wonderful snowball fight going on outside.
The wait staff is pretty authentic, equipped with accents and all. As others have pointed out, they aren't the overly attentive type, but they're not absent either; it was a happy medium in which they lived. Our waiter decided to go the cerebral, eco-friendly route and didn't utilize his tools of the trade to write down our orders, preferring rather to use his noodle to remember our plethora of selections. Surprisingly he remembered everything; well done my man.
As for the food, I feel that everyone at our table enjoyed his/her meal; however, I would venture to say that no one has had an insatiable craving to return for seconds. The appetizers (calamari, eggplant rollatini, bruschetta, antipasto) were all solid, but not drool-inducing. The pasta plates were also well executed, but nothing out of the ordinary. Enjoyable for a meal, but nothing life-changing. Not to say that every meal has to be a profound experience, but it's nice to leave satisfied, not just satiated.
Overall, the best part of La Fontana was the ability to get together with good friends and enjoy ourselves in a cozy atmosphere without obtrusion.Ok, if you are walking around Rittenhouse sq you must visit La Fontana Della Citta. My girlfriend and I went there without reservation on Friday night, and they didn't have problem making a table for us. The staff was so friendly, soon as we were seated the waiter arrived at our table, and offered us a glass of wine since we didn't know it was a BYOB. 
The outdoor sitting was beautiful. I always like to sit outside, and here in Philadelphia you can find many spots with outdoor seating. 
The food was delicious. We had FRIED CALAMARI  for appetizer which was by far the best I ever had. The salads were ok not many options. For entrees my girlfriend tried their special lobster ravioli with spinach and crabmeat and she loved it. 
I had Bronzino and I enjoyed a lot. 
Don't leave this place without having their homemade TIRAMISU. 
I will definitely go backFood is pretty good. Not the best Italian in the city, but still good. Service was good. And the food came out very quickly.i've never had a bad meal here.. and the staff are so friendly. easily my favorite BYOB in the city