My wife and I went here last night and thoroughly enjoyed the entire meal. The restaurant is across from cafe y chocolate, the owners' other business which is also very solid (especially for brunch). As this new place has only been open for a month it was pretty quiet on a Friday night but we hope that they get more traffic as they deserve it for the quality of the food they are putting out. We ordered a bunch of plates and split them all (and really enjoyed all of them): red snapper appetizer that was excellent with thin pieces of fresh fish, mexican corn off the cob, a shrimp and tomato starter on fresh toasted baguette, the vegetale entree (wonderful vegetarian dish), and ended the meal with their homemade chocolate truffles.  BYO (we brought beer but they do great, fresh margarita  mixes for tequila), and ended up only being $60 with tax and tip. For a slightly more refined Mexican meal with innovative takes on street favorites we can't recommend this place higher. Get an Uber and head on over before it gets crowded!This place is the best kept secret in South Philly.  It's owned by the same owners as Cafe y Chocolate.  Great Latin cuisine from many different regions.  The food is excellent and the service is very attentive and professional.  BYOB and they have great margarita mixers so don't forget to bring a bottle.This place is amazing. The definition of hole in the wall gem. The food is delicious. Byo tequila and margarita pitcher for $11. We got the chorizo munditos- out of this world. Hangar steak and pork burger- can NOT be beat. Seriously. Dessert was bunuelo- only offered every two weeks says our waitress. Basically fried dough with coconut ice cream and chocolate drizzle with strawberries. Simple enough but just too good. Our waitress was the sweetest girl. The music, cheesy Christmas lights, amazing. You have to come.Attentive service and terrific food! Presentation is beautiful and simple.
Appetizers: Chorizo montaditos (chorizo on a french baguette topped with manchego) are delicious.
Soups: The birria is outstanding. The aromatic dark red lamb broth is delightfully flavorful. I highly recommend. 
Sandwiches: Try the quesadilla! It's maiz wrapped cheesy goodness with black beans, guacamole and salsa. 
Dessert: The arroz con leche is filling and perfectly sweet warm rice sprinkled with cinnamon and diced mango.Bang Freaking Bang!  Bang Bang!  OK, so I try and hold the 5 stars to a minimum otherwise it looks like I love everything.  But I'm going to explain why this earned it.  The food, the vibe, the music, the area (I love that it's in the hood, much like Sylvia's in Harlem), the owners - all bang bang.  This is exactly the kind of restaurant I love.  Small, funky, personal as hell and delicious.  And it's BYOB.  C'mon, really?  Get everything.  That's what we did.  Plus we brought a bottle of Tequila and they made us some slammin' cocktails.  This is currently the best kept secret in Philly.  I assume that'll change, but until then, get there.This is the best food I think I've ever had. I filled up on the guacamole and didn't think I had room for more but the Del campo steak gave me a second wind. You must eat here.Terrific restaurant. The restaurant has a warm, cozy atmosphere with excellent service. Most importantly, the food is delicious and beautifully presented. Although the dishes are inventive, they are unpretentious and reasonably priced.- TIP:  Dive into the apps & street food sections of the menu.  Quesadilla with zucchini blossom, shredded beef arepas, chorizo montaditos -- all were solid.
- CON: Entrees were hit & miss. The one chicken dish was a glorified chicken-wrapped hot dog.  
- BOTTOM LINE: Impressively friendly & attentive service and delicious food.  There are a slew of solid Mexican hole-in-the-wall spots in South Philly, but this is a somewhat classier edition vs. the competition and definitely worth a visit.  I'll be back.This place is coming around to a full year of being open, and I'm mad that I've just found bout about it. We ordered three dishes and each one was better than the next. It's a BYOB so bring tequila and they'll make margs for you. Decent prices. Can't wait to be backThis place is amazing, lamb shoulder was awesome the guac was yummy but small portion . I loved the decor. It was chic authentic decor, the hostess was super authentic as well super respectful and he knew what he is doing . Lighting was amazing . I will def come back here and recommend this place to all friends . Can I ask the owner to open another branch in Fishtown??? I am sure it will be successfulYou can tell when you walk in by the attention to detail they put into decorating this tiny little S. Philly style hole in the wall that you are going to receive a quality meal. It is authentic, fresh, unique, well prepared, delicious, delightful, affordable, well thought out and a completely different experience. The service was friendly and it was a byob which not only helped keep the bill down but somehow added to the charm. Not your everyday Tex-mex place, it was the real deal.So amazingly good that I don't want to leave a review because then we will  have to fight crowds in the future to get it. Without question, we will return. 
Absolutely delicious, really nice and friendly staff, and good margarita mix (BYO tequila). Honestly there is no reason not to go. Just build in a little time to find a parking place if you are coming from a bit of a distance like we did. 
BTW, they have an ATM in the place if you don't have enough cash on you.Saw Craig LaBan's review & had to try this place.  Decor was very relaxed & comfortable. Service was awesome; both our server & the owner/chef were attentive to our needs (we wanted to share all our dishes).  We shared  appetizers, soup, main course (skirt steak & homemade chorizzo) & dessert (plantains with strawberries & mango).  Food presentation was great & portion size was good.  Food was awesome.  A definite winner!Delicious!!  I had no idea what to expect but was really happy with everything.  The mula steak was really great! Meat was perfectly cooked and the cactus + huitlacoche were perfect.  My mom's chicken and lamb soup were SO good.  They really elevate the food past your basic taco! So great, will definitely return!I typically try to avoid this phrase, but La Mula Terca is definitely a hidden gem and a very welcome addition to the neighborhood. The food, service, and ambiance reminds me of some of the best meals I had during my recent trip to Mexico City. As a BYOB with an ever so slightly elevated menu (no generic burritos, or pick-your-protein tacos here) and reasonable prices I see myself coming back regularly.
During my last visit, I tried the Mole Olla and thought it was great. It was a hearty soup with a flavorful broth and succulent beef in an entree size and it reminded me almost of a Mexican pho. Highly recommended.
Cash only (ATM on premises) & BYOB.Was attracted by the reviews and LOVED it.  Took a group of 12 -- they were attentive, the restaurant was pleasantly full (but could take walk-ins) and the food was delicious.  Being abl to bring wine/tequila kept the cost way reasonable.  Go!!!This place is the best. Great good, byob and great food prices. The pollo termando was perfect. We will be back.We went there questioning the neighborhood.  The place was great service fantastic and worth the 20 min drive 
We had a shrimp appetizer on toast it was fantastic
The salmon was cooked perfectly and then there was a lamb dish that was out of this world
Is a must try for anyone who likes MexicanI had the chance to try the El Pastor tacos at the Sausage Festival. Very tasty. Looking forward to trying the restaurant soonThe best meal I've had in the last year. The lamb was succulent, and the staff was warm and generous.La Mula Terca means the stubborn mule and you'd have to be a stubborn ass to not check this place out! Bonus points for BYO tequila for delicious pitchers of mango, strawberry, or classic margarita mix (free on Thursdays!) 
A cozy neighborhoody spot with great service and a menu focused on authentic Latin American street food (no nachos, tacos or burritos here). Everything was great from the complimentary pineapple with chili salt and sauce to the mango and manchego dessert drizzled with honey and oregano. 5 of us enjoyed:
The chorizo toast - Amazing, please get this, comes with 3 so be warned. You'll  fight over it.
Birria- tender flavorful tomatoey lamb stew - must get.
Arepa with beef- crispy and delicious, also comes with three and can be made vegetarian on request!
Churrasco with chimichurri was tender and delicious.
Pastorguesa- a pork and pineapple burger- messy but delicious.
Esquites- corn with spicy mayo and cheese- delicious.
Squash blossom quesadilla - really good and crispy.
Guac- giant blue corn chips. Great guac.
Shrimp avocado ceviche- fresh and flavorful.
With 2 pitchers of margs and enough food that we were stuffed (but not enough for leftovers), total came to about $35 each with tax and tip, so not too much mula.
Highly recommend, don't be a stubborn mule, go to La Mula Terca. Don't forget the tequila.This place is great. Puebla style food. I recommend the Chorizo montaditos for appetizers and the quesadilla. The lamb is amazing and the arepas are excellent. And for desee try the sunset peaches. I can't wait to come back and try other things on the menu.Great spot on an anonymous corner of Southwest Philly.
We had the guacamole, arepas, pastorguesa burger (pork shoulder burger pastor style) to start, and the Mula steak, churrasco, and grilled vegetables.
Everything was great, especially the two steaks.
They offered to mix us margaritas with the tequiila we brought. Our options were jalapeno, mango or traditional. We went through a whole bottle in 3 pitchers of the jalapeno.
Get in your cab/uber/lyft and get over here - it was half-full on a Saturday night and the lines should be out the door!I think this is my first Yelp review ever. This place just moved into my neighborhood and I really want it to remain open. I just happened to walk by it and want to help get the word out. It's a cash only byob that's reasonably priced and delicious. Portions were generous, ingredients were fresh, and flavors were complex and unique. We ordered the esquites (corn and cheese), pescado frito (4 large pieces of fried fish with a delicious dipping sauce made with 4 kinds of peppers), and churrasco. This was not your run of the mill Mexican restaurant. I highly recommend it and will definitely be back.What a hidden gem! Everything we ordered was fabulous and the margaritas excellent. A relaxed spot great for a date or with a group of friends :) We'll be sure to go back.If I could give this restaurant 6 stars I would. One of the best Mexican meals I have had since being in Puebla, Mexico. Not only is the food exquisitely prepared and delicious, but the service is as good and friendly as any restaurant I have ever been to in Philly. The location is a bit off the beaten path, but the effort to go there is quickly rewarded. Puerco, pescado and enchilada were all exquisite, and truffles to die for.I agree with all the previous reviews. This is the real deal. Great food, service and ambiance. The owners and staff are very courteous and responsive. The food is unique and delicious and presented in a visually appetizing manner.  Little off the beaten track but that adds to the appeal with reasonably available street parking.A little off the beaten path (?) but well worth the short 15 min trip from center city. The kitchen here is making quality dishes with great flavors that let you know this isn't your run-of-the-mill Mexican spot. Excellent service, great margaritas (bring some tequila!), and satisfying food. Would highly recommend a visit here. I'll definitely be back within the month.
Shrimp Montaditos
Jicama
Churrasco
QuesadillaI had dinner with my 87-year-old dad last night (Wed) at La Mula Terca on Snyder Ave in S. Philly: A small BYOB with slightly upscale Latin American food, primarily Mexican (Pueblan) with a scattering of other cuisines. It's been on my dad's list since Laban gave it a good review. 
We arrived a little after 6 and were the only table until we left after 8. Which was good for us as my dad is hard of hearing and our conversations tend to get loud; there was no one to disturb. But obviously bad for the restaurant. The owner/waitress, very gracious and friendly, said they've only been open 4 months--and that Th-Sun tend to be busy.
We brought a bottle of tequila and they made us a pitcher of margaritas. No charge for that--and the margaritas were excellent. 
I forgot to take photos after the first one (a freebie plate of pineapple with a sweet chile sauce); I was enjoying the meal and conversation too much. 
We shared:
An appetizer of arepas--thick corn cakes sliced open one one side, filled with meat and served with pickled onions and a hot salsa. They were tasty, but I haven't had many arepas in my life to compare.
A nopales salad--cactus with fresh cheese, tomato and onion. I've had plenty of nopales and this was excellent.
The Mixiote entree--two large pieces of perfectly cooked, flavorful, tender lamb (shoulder, maybe?) in a rich, dark adobo sauce. Served with tortillas, each chunk filled a couple of tacos for each of us. Perfect to share; I don't think I could have eaten the entire entree.
While I didn't pay the bill, the total couldn't have been more than $50 for the two of us. The app and salad were around $10 and the entree (the most expensive on the menu) was $20. 
I look forward to going back to try the tamarind chicken.Some of the best, if not the best, Mexican/Latin food I've ever had. Don't take my word for it, you've got to try it. 
We brought tequila (yes, it's BYO) and they mixed us excellent margaritas. My steak with chimichurri was about as good as it gets, folks. 
No complaints at all about the service, and that adds up to an A+ from me.The good: Went here with a big group, and we shared a variety of apps and entrees. Everything was great and portions were big for reasonable prices. Inside was cute, especially for the price range. BYOB.
The bad: Nothing
Overall: A great new addition to the already solid Mexican options in South Philly. Enjoy the shredded beef arepas and wash down with some cold beer.Great service, friendly staff and the server was very informative of all the dishes! The corn was amazing!!!! BYO tequila and their fresh hibiscus mixer was prepared for us and refreshing. FYI - cash only!What can I say that other reviewers haven't already raved about. Cafe y chocolate is our favorite lunch spot and we finally made it out to la mula terca for dinner and I'm sad we haven't come sooner! We had the ceviche, quesadillas and la mula terca steak and each dish was absolutely delicious!! For dessert we had a special churro and vanilla ice cream dish which was  simple yet amazingly flavorful and delicious!
What I appreciate most from the mutually owned restaurant/cafe is the service and kindness we are always greeted and treated with. It can be hard to find such and amazing combination of food and service and I am so grateful we have found both!Love this restaurant, so glad to have it in the neighborhood. Everything I've tried has been delicious, I highly recommend the Churrasco. Staff is always friendly and you can't beat BYO.Definitely one of the best Mexican restaurants in the city. Margarita mix is also homemade and out of this world.Was excited to check out this new addition to the neighborhood and it did not disappoint.  As someone who enjoys latin/Mexican food, this exceeded all expectations.  First we started with the guacamole which was delicious.  I ate so much of it I actually decide to get a "smaller" dish the Cubanito sandwich.  This came out as a large portion (and only $11!).  It was one of the best Cuban sandwiches I have ever had.  My girlfriend had a chicken dish that was excellent - unfortunately I do not recall the name. 
The ambience is great; quaint and intimate.  Although I am located nearby - if you are coming from further away parking in the area is free and not too difficult to find. 
The only critique I have is for them to provide a list of mixers or include it on the menu.  We got orange juice but probably would have made a different decision if we saw all the mixers on the menu. 
It's cash only but they do have an ATM in the store.
If you're looking for something that breaks the mold of latin/mexican food, delicious and affordable then check out this new gem!This is a hidden gem on Snyder Ave in South Philly! Traditional dishes done right with a healthy dose of flavor and heat.  Highly recommend visiting the ARS Brewery around the corner and then coming here for dinner.  Will definitely be back.Awesome Mexican place with a great brunch menu! Bring your own tequila margs are amazing and the staff who work here are all friendly and pleasant. Highly recommended! The mole enchiladas are fantastic!Mediocre at best...read a lot about this place and was hoping for good things. Went on a Saturday nite, we were the only ones in the restaurant, well us and the flies that would not leave us alone. Food was nothing to rave about. Los Gatos is way better as is Mole Poblano.Great experience, the food was so AMAZING, I would come here again. Officially our new spot in Philly.Where to begin... this is some of the best food that you can find in the city PERIOD. Who would have thought that high end latin dining could be found at 21st and Snyder ! This is better than some of the Latin fanfare I get when in Miami. We started with the Esquites which is necessary, also ordered the Cuban Sandwich which was absolutely phenomenal. My girl ordered the Mula Quesadilla which is HUGE. We split the Birria tacos, very rare in Philadelphia  and I opted for the Mula steak (GAME CHANGER). No exaggeration this cut of meat and this dish in general was more memorable than anything I've had from Chima, Fogo, really any major steakhouse you can think of. To top it off we split the strawberry churros and I think it's safe to say at that point that I was in pure ecstasy. I had no choice but to personally thank the chef afterwards as that man is a true champion in the kitchen. Cannot wait to come back, BYOB so bring a bottle or two. La Mula Terca is the real dealThis place is a hidden gem!!!  From LA and stumbled here because of the rad reviews.  I like Mexican food but LOVE this place.  It's super low key and the food is exceptional.  The people working are lovely too.  Highly recommend!!!All I have to say is that this tiny restaurant deserves all, yes all, of the praise it's receiving. Shortly after arriving at the Philadelphia airport, my sister and I made our way to La Mula Terca for dinner based on the Yelp reviews and a yearning for authentic food from this region. We were warmly greeted by a man who, as it turns out, is the chef. We ordered spicy mango guacamole, which is actually spicy (gracias!) and flavorful. I ordered the lamb tacos which arrived in handmade tortillas d maize! Delicious! The pico de gallo was fresh and  plentiful and the beans were delicious too.
If you are anywhere near this place stop inHands down the best Mexican food I've had.  Dessert is a must.  The tea was very good.  Each dish was very well balanced with it's components.  
This place could easily be downtown stacked along side expensive 4-star places in a more upscale part of town.  James Beard people should stop by sometime...
Listen, as you're reading this review ultimately you're making a decision.  I just want to caution you that you could be making one of the biggest mistakes of your life by not going here.This is a great restaurant find in South Philly. We had the jalapeno margarita mix with chili-rimmed glasses, and they were great. I had a Pastorguesa sandwich, which is an "al pastor" sandwich...and it was great! My wife had some tacos...and it all was great!All I have to say is that this tiny restaurant deserves all, yes all, of the praise it's receiving. Shortly after arriving at the Philadelphia airport, my sister and I made our way to La Mula Terca for dinner based on the Yelp reviews and a yearning for authentic food from this region. We were warmly greeted by a man who, as it turns out, is the chef. We ordered spicy mango guacamole, which is actually spicy (gracias!) and flavorful. I ordered the lamb tacos which arrived in handmade tortillas d maize! Delicious! The pico de gallo was fresh and  plentiful and the beans were delicious too.
If you are anywhere near this placeOver the years, my mom has compiled a list of random restaurants (including bunches of places I've never heard of) around Philly, and we finally had the chance to start tackling it. First up: La Mula Terca, which certainly set the bar very high. Our server was very friendly, the food was homey and tasty and stick-to-your-bones filling, and the prices cannot be beat.
I had the lamb birria tacos - the meat was tender and so well-seasoned, and the tortillas tasted handmade. I would have like them double-wrapped - I took my time enjoying the tacos, so by the time I reached my last one, the taco shell was falling apart. My mom had the churrasco, which was overcooked and too salty. She also struggled a lot with the jalapenos in the salsa, which I personally didn't find very spicy and actually liked quite a bit. We shared the arepas, which were really, really good. The corn cakes tasted fresh and were dense yet fluffy - just a very pleasing texture. The beef filling was great and the hoja santa cream was delicious.
We also very much enjoyed our "Tahitian" (hibiscus) margarita, which La Mula Terca will make for you ($5 for half pitcher, $10 for whole) if you bring your own tequila. (They're a BYO so if tequila's not your thing, beer and wine are fair game too.)
If it wasn't so out of the way, I'd come back here all the time. As it is, I'm already looking forward to my next visit - our whole meal cost us only $60 (and we had lots of leftovers!) and we were so stuffed at the end, we had to pass on dessert, which I really, really want to try soon.
Tip: cash only! They do have an ATM in the store if you forget though.In the mood for a romantic, cozy date night? Or a spot to catch up with friends? Home-style Mexican cuisine? Just desserts? This is the spot. There's only one main staff person, but even on busy nights, she handles the tables like a pro and with a smile. The montaditos appetizer is very satifying- I've tried the shrimp and the chorizo. Both were good but I  prefer shrimp just a little more (chorizo is more salty). Montaditos  are tapa-sized rolls of bread similar to a baguette and remind me of toast with savory toppings. For entree, you cannot go wrong with the steak. We've had the hanger steak and the skirt steak. The flavoring and seasoning are on point. I usually ask for medium rare because it tends to be more on the well-done side. I suggest ending the meal with chocolate truffle and cafe de oya - delicious! My husband is not a coffee person but we love the cafe de oya drink... lovely citrus notes, naturally sweet. Great restaurant, definitely recommend.Mula is by far my favorite restaurant of 2017. Any time an out-of-towner is visiting for the weekend, I do my best to get them to Mula for the unbelievable food, and I suggest you do the same! You might get skeptical looks, since the restaurant isn't in the best of locations, but I guarantee that its worth it. 
Where do I start when I love everything on the menu? To start, the guacamole is always freshly-made, creamy, and full of flavor and the ceviche is also solid, but make sure to order the chorizo montaditos - basically Mexican bruschetta - which are the perfect combination of bread, garlic, chorizo, and cheese. Skip the "street" food and jump straight to the Mixiote or Birria if you love tender lamb in a flavorful sauce that is perfect for tortilla dipping, or to the Churrasco if you want a fantastic steak and haven't had your fill of chorizo yet or the Mula Steak if you're feeling a bit less adventurous. 
Bring tequila and enjoy homemade margarita mix and do your best to save room for dessert!This is not your typical Mexican restaurant. 
Service and food were great.
Based on reviews, we started with the Chorizo Montaditos (French baguette, hoja santa and garlic cream, chorizo, Manchego cheese).  Loved the flavors and the bread was so soft.
For entree, I had the La Mula Steak which was beautifully plated.  Steak was cooked perfectly and the combination of flavors blended well together.Came for a relatively early dinner on Wednesday at 6:30 PM, didn't see any other customers there, so I didn't really know what to expect, but I was pleasantly surprised by the evident thought put into their food.
Small space, love the ambiance (Julieta Venegas music, buckets as lamp shades, traditional art), super nice, friendly waitress who made us feel comfortable and filled up our water often.
Salmon en Achiote - beautiful plating, sauce was balanced (sweet and tangy but not too sweet), salmon was tender but not overcooked and sauce seeped through the meat well, vegetables were oily but flavorful (I find many places kind of ignore the vegetables and include them for the visual aspect instead of actually trying to sauté them well, but La Mula Terca prepared it thoughtfully)
Vegetables - extremely flavorful, but not too salty nor too oily, everything had an appropriate texture (potatoes weren't too soft, zucchini wasn't too hard, I think the mushrooms were the best part (chewy but not tough at all), the other thing that won us over was that this dish came with complimentary tortillas that were soft and hot seemed to have been just made
Guacamole - not too salty, nice and creamy
All in all, definitely would come back, especially bc 1) service was so friendly 2) portion sizes were goodOk South Philly, I see you! From the owners of local brunch favorite Cafe y Chocolate (located just across the street), is this sweet "New Mexican" spot offering up dishes with tons of Latin flair and South American inspired ingredients you may not be able to pronounce. Try them! Trust me! Don't let the surroundings fool you, this cash only place is super legit and I warmly welcome it to this slowly, but surely flourishing neighborhood. This section of the city has been dubbed "Puebladelphia" due to it's plethora of no frills, damn good Mexican joints. This one however is more high end and a true stand out! 
We stopped by for lunch with the littles, chose a seat by the window on a gorgeous sunny Saturday afternoon. We sat upon floral cushions and had the entire place to ourselves. We looked around at tiny details... Christmas light strands, cacti and cool light ceiling fixtures. (Look up!). I thought to myself "this cute, cozy space which they light with candles when it's dark, would be great for date night", and after tasting what they had to offer, finding out they are BYO with mixers for purchase, I know one is in our near future! 
We were presented immediately with complimentary pineapple drizzled with a sweet sauce and topped with a not so overly spicy chili/salt blend. This simple starter was delish and much appreciated. Perfect balance of tart and spice. Nice touch! 
We started with the 'Esquites' $8 (roasted corn, epazote, garlic, lime, mayonnaise and cheese). Think Mexican Street corn, but off the cob! Squeeze a little of that lime and dig in! Great for sharing and these tasty kernels are also found in the squash blossom quesadilla. 
Hubs ordered the 'Pescado Frito' app for $8 and said it was one of the best breaded fish he has tasted. Nice bites of perfectly fried white fish served with a tangy dipping sauce. 
I chose the 'Vegetales' $14 (huitlacoche, Peruvian potato, mushrooms, chamomile, jalapeño, zucchini blossom purée). It was absolutely packed with flavor and quite delicious!! Meaty mushrooms, perfectly roasted potatoes and big hunks of zucchini served over smeared goodness. I could've licked that plate clean! What may seem a simple veggie dish was taken another level with the fragrant spices and flavors! So good! 
For the kiddos, we asked if they could make them a plain cheese quesadilla for which they charged $10 and had no issue obliging us. We were able to chose between corn or flour tortilla. We chose corn and they enjoyed a lot! This and the roasted corn app are great options for the wee ones!
We sipped on Jarittos and Coca Cola in old school bottles. Love that! The Mexican camomile tea under the drink section caught my eye also. Definitely trying that next time! 
Everything was the created with upmost care and presented just the same. Service was top notch and we were properly and patiently explained a few items we unsure of. We even got to meet the owner Arturo during our visit. I told him what a fan we were of his spot across the street and he thanked us! Both the waiter and owner were very kind, warm and welcoming. 
I can assure that you are in for a special, super flavorful, unique Mexican meal here in this tiny, corner BYO deep in South Philly. We all left highly impressed!
 From shrimp and chorizo apps, fresh cactus and avocado salads, to soups and stews, more casual street fare, larger platters which include skirt and hanger steaks, lamb shoulder, pork, chicken, beef and salmon, and desserts including truffles and hibiscus agave ice cream, you are bound to find something new and extremely tasty to enjoy. There's a little something for every palette, including fellow veg-heads. This isn't your average Mexican joint for sure.Wow, La Mula Terca is a wonderful nouvelle Mexican restaurant.  It totally deserves the glowing reviews it has garnered.  Once you're ensconced inside this attractive dining room, let the feast begin. A complimentary serving of chili watermelon tickled the palate while everyone was trying to decide what to order from the many interesting choices. The Esquites too rarely found on Mexican restaurants around the world was a delicious corn appetizer.  And the Camerones Monteditos were addictive.  The Mar Picante was a very flavorful seafood soup filled with shellfish.  The tasty Arepas had just the right combination of Chihuahua cheese and beef.  Main courses of Puntas (beef) and Salmon had flavor, consistency, and were beautifully presented.  A hot basket of blue corn tortillas completed the awesome meal. Service was very smile-friendly and efficient.
La Mula Terca may be slightly out of the way of your usual haunts but it's an out-of-the-way that you want to find your way to!!.Day/Time: Saturday lunch
Ambiance: 4/5 - small intimate setting in less frequented area of south philly
Quality: 2/5 -  lamb tacos we're good quality, but bland flavor and had no sauce. Had the lamb soup which had a rich lamb flavor but lacked substance. Dipping tacos in the soup made things better. Housemade teas were interesting, but not something that felt drinkable for a full glass.
Service: 5/5 - helpful and attentive server that provided samples of the different teas.
Value: 4/5 - lamb tacos pricier than most South Philly taquerias, but since it was a weekend special it makes senseLegit the worst taco I have ever eaten, the menu said they're $13 a piece yet they charged me $30 for 2 orders, along with the $2.5 their atm took as a fee. They barely put meat on it and it didn't even taste good... It smelled amazing but did not live up to the expectations at all. It tasted like they gave us the left over meat, me and my girlfriend legit had 3 different people try the taco and they all spit it out, of course I shoved it down though because I'm not spending $30 on food and throwing it away tf. Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.Exceptional taste! We loved everything.
The only down side is that it is a cash only restaurant.
The arepas were excellent as well as the veggie dish and the tacos. 
Will come back to check other dishes and repeat the same dishes.I got a burrito and platanos. The burrito was good but a little salty and I'm pretty the chicken wasn't grilled. The chicken was diced up super tiny (I thought it was ground chicken it was so tiny. One chunk was about the same size as a grain of rice, I had to separate it from the rest of the burrito and try a few pieces to determine if it was ground chicken). It doesn't make sense to grill chicken then dice it up like that so I find it hard to believe it was actually grilled. I just find it strange to dice chicken up that small anyway, not sure what that was about. Otherwise the flavor was there. I didn't care for the plantanos, they were more like chips. I was expecting them to be cooked lightly with crema and cheese- they had neither. I would definitely come back to try the birria tacos and a few others but I won't bother with a burrito or plantanos again.Everything we ordered tasted homemade and super delicious.
It's one of those "small hole in the wall" places that is a must try.
Definitely will be returning with a BYO bottle of tequilaBoth left hungry after dinner.  Food was good just portions on the smaller side for Mexican.  Cash only.One of the best spots to eat in Philadelphia. Being all the way across the city is no excuse not to check out this place. The shrimp ceviche is incredible, perfect citrus marination. The Cubanita Is honestly one of the best sandwiches I've ever had in the city. Even the fact that you get served black bean purée to dip your perfectly cooked chips in, it let's you know you're in for a good night. Arturo is the man and his other spot cafe y chocolate is on a whole other level as well. Do you self a favor and go there immediately. Bring a bottle of tequila and get tamarind margaritas. I recommend The hibiscus salt on the rim.Oh my lorddddd, this place is amazing. I got the Birria tacos and they were worth every dime. The gentleman inside when I picked up was very polite and helpful. I definitely recommend this place for anyone who loves tacos and/or lamb. They're a bit messy, so I probably wouldn't recommend for a first dateVery good restaurant - slightly  more upscale than the typical Mexican eatery in greater South Philadelphia (though those can be great as well).  Everyone at the table enjoyed their order, and the food straddled a nice balance on the spice level that seemed to satisfy everyone despite varying appetites for heat amongst our group.
My individual order - nopales salad and a Cubanito sandwich - was very good.  house made blue corn chips were a great feature, and everyone liked the guacamole that we got for the table.  I liked the small restaurant space, and it filled up during the time we were eating.  My group of five was seated easily, but we showed up just after six on a Saturday evening.  
Wildlife bonus:  We saw a raccoon walk by the restaurant, a sure sign of fall and a great bit of city wildlife.  We'll love to eat there again in the near future.  I'm going to assume that the desserts were very good, but we had pie to come home to, so we passed.Chorizos to die for! Best I've ever had. Appetizer Montaditos Chorizo was perfection in my mouth. Their La Mula Steak was devine. All of it was washed down with the deliscious corn silk iced tea. Atmosphere was welcoming and relaxing. Kudos to the chef and our server, who was tremendously attentive and informative.I love this spot!! I've been twice so far and will be back again soon! I can't stray from my original order of the churrasco steak--perfectly cooked!  The chorizo montaditos are amazing as well, and I hope they always keep them on menu.  Solid guac as well.  But the best part is the margarita mix--bring your tequila and they'll mix you some PERFECT margs, strong but easy to drink and with a homemade mix that isn't too sweet.  It's a great dinner before going out, I definitely left with a little buzz both times.Just ate here and it was so good I had to write a review right away. This may be one of the best restaurants In Philadelphia. So much flavor in a single bite. It's a small restaurant and has a nice neighborhood feel. The staff was very pleasant. We WILL be back! Yum!!!By far the best Mexican food in philly. Had the hanger steak, lamb, and mango guac. All were amazing. Would also recommend bring tequila to have with their margarita mix.Went there for dinner and ordered salmon which came with some salsa and string beans on the side but no rice and no beans. It was moist and spicy but a very small portion. My friend ordered a salad that was missing the cheese , avocado and some other vegetables that were listed on the menu. If the place was busy, i'd have chalked off the chef's mistake to being overwhelmed by the work but the three of us were the only customers. The place was small with old, minimal decos. It is not in the best of location either. Overpriced for no reason.Huge fan of La Mula Terca! Excellent food and ambiance often with live music. Highly recommend bringing your own tequila as their margaritas are bomb.Love this place!  Best Mexican in  South Philly!!  The place is spotless, the staff Is wonderful and everything I've ever had in there was delicious. I can't say enough good things about this place.This is a wonderful new BYO restaurant in an unexpected location: 24th and Snyder. They have only been open about 4 weeks, and I just happened to see a very positive review, so we decided to try it. We were not disappointed! First, it is simply but smartly decorated; a perfect environment for the simple but perfectly prepared Latin American "street food." Not your standard "Mexican restaurant" fare at all. We enjoyed two excellent appetizers: shrimp montaditos, and roasted corn esquites. Both were very flavorful and satisfying. For entrees we had the braised lamb shoulder--delicious in a rich adobo gravy and served with hot, freshly made corn tortillas. The churrasco (skirt steak) was tender and very well prepared, but we would have preferred a more robust chimichurri sauce. Still, very tasty food--simply prepared and well presented. We shared a dessert of fresh mango with manchego cheese and a sweet oregano(!) flavored syrup. I will be trying this at home! The service was very attentive; our server was knowledgeable and helpful. Finally, the prices are very reasonable for food of this quality. (They only take cash, however).  I hope this restaurant catches on--it is certainly worth going out your way for.Cozy, cute spot. The music was amazing. We started with the spicy mango guacamole and elote (the only thing I took a pic of). I just wish they would've automatically supplied us with more chips because the guacamole was amazing! My friends had the carnitas tacos, and I ate spicy mango chicken tacos. Everyone was satisfied. The tacos were a big portion. My partner had the birriasillas, which were lamb. He thoroughly enjoyed them although I thought they were a little gamey (To be fair though, I don't like lamb to begin with). We had brought a bottle of tequila, and the four of us finished 3 pitchers of margaritas with their hibiscus mix. BYOB is awesome!This is my new favorite breakfast! I'm always looking for a good huevos rancheros and have had mixed results even in places with great tacos. The huevos here was perfect! Eggs over easy done just right ,  black beans, rice, tortillas, red sauce and they threw extra vegetables, broccoli, cauliflower, potatoes, and Cactus on top to make it a hearty vegetarian breakfast! 
We also got a fruit plate with various varieties of fresh fruit and honey and Barbacoa tacos. I love South Philly Barbacoa, but these we're very good too! My only very minor complaint is that the tortillas were a little thicker and less soft than I am used to.
Can't wait to come back here for lunch and dinner! Definitely worth the little extra distance from my home near all the taquerias in the Italian market!Shoutout to our local community heroes! Ashle took great care of us! She was polite, attentive, friendly, and personable. The venue is very musically and physically lively. Each dish was delicious and paired well with the green and red salsas. The esquites was just as good as everyone brags about and we added some green salsa and scooped some on the tortilla chips from our awesome shrimp ceviche! The plump shrimp was citrusy and yummy! A refreshing and beautiful dish!! I drank the broth ! So good! Hubby had the hanger steak! Great flavors and huge portions! Then we ordered 2 orders of the birradias tacos! Drop the mic, because these are insanely delicious!! The soup that is used to dip the tacos in is packed with rich flavor! And I ordered the arepas! So cute and delicious! So much food !! We were too full for their yummy desserts.... But I hope to try them next time, because I heard the churros are on point!! Bravo !!I came here for dinner on a Friday night with my fiancé and her parents. Overall, the experience was good, but short of great for a few reasons. First, the good stuff. The restaurant is cute and cozy, and located off Snyder where parking is easier to find than in East Passyunk or Center City. It is across the street from their Mexican cafe, which we love. There are about 10-12 tables in the restaurant.  The decor is authentic and inviting. The server sat us immediately and was very attentive. The menu is original but limited. They essentially had one beef, lamb, chicken, vegetarian and fish dish. They had a few appetizers and two soups. 
Sadly, they were out of the fish, which eliminated the appetizer and entree that some of us wanted.  We ordered the guacamole and chips and the Mexican street corn appetizers. Both of them were small portions, especially for the price. The corn was good but should have been at least doubled in size. The guacamole was good, but they did not give us a lot at all, and we had to ask for more chips. I ordered the seafood soup and it was very salty. The salt was really the only thing I could taste. 
Since they did not have fish, my fiancé's parents ordered the hanger steak. My fiancé ordered the vegetarian quesadilla. I ordered the braised lamb entree.  I really enjoyed the lamb. It was wonderfully seasoned and the sauce was delicious. It came with some rice, but the portion of rice was so small that I asked for another side of rice.  My fiancé liked the quesadilla. They used a rare mushroom that had good flavor.  The portion of the quesadilla was good. 
My fiancé's parents did not like the hanger steaks. They found the beef to be too chewy and not seasoned enough. While they knew that hanger steak is not the softest cut of beef, they have had hanger steak that is less chewy and more enjoyable. 
The rice pudding dessert was pretty good, and a good portion. 
For the price, we all could have been more full and  satisfied. With so many amazing Mexican places in the area, this place will need to make some adjustments to be on my list of options when I'm craving Mexican.The food was ok, very bland. The outside dining set up was horrible, however. Too many flies to be able to eat since it was right by a garbage can.Just had takeout from here & wow it was great!! Had the lamb birria taco & steak churrasco, both were super flavorful. Drive from pennsport for pickup as they don't have delivery but was well worth the trip!! CASH ONLY fyiFantastic little Mexican spot just off west Passyunk. I would order the entire menu if I could, everything looks amazing. The Esquites and Birriadillas were incredible. Can't wait to return with an even bigger order!Little place in south Philly with big flavor. Started with spicy mango guacamole, the accent of cinnamon was surprisingly tasty. I had the puntos and my friend had the birriadillas. Both were good, would go back!La Mula Terca raises the bar wayy up in the Mexican restaurant scene. Located on a corner in Southwest Philadelphia, it's a tucked away and a little hard to find, but wow, once we found it, we had nothing but a wonderful experience. I can now say, after years of searching, I have found real "comida típica" of Mexico with a real upscale flair. 
EVERYTHING was good but we were super impressed by the te de silka de elote (corn husk iced tea), that is an extremely typical drink for not only rural Mexico but much of Central America and I have not once seen it served here, until now. The Mula Steak was superb as well, the cut of beef was high quality and cooked just right, whoever is cooking the food back there sure knows what they are doing! Everything is plated beautifully and the little courtesy appetizer at the very beginning of your meal of pineapple drizzled with chamoy (yes chamoy, you don't get more Mexican than that) and chile powder was such a nice touch.
I love this place and you will too, give it a try.This is a pretty cozy spot, much like Cafe y Chocolate which is their brunchy counterpart. It's BYOB, though I don't think I've ever done so myself. The menu is definitely a more upscale Mexican meal as opposed to tacos and burritos, which might pose a challenge to some who see 4 or 5 fancy-ish taco options and none of them are carnitas. That shouldn't be too much of a deterrent because the entrees are pretty freaking good.
I ordered the mole steak and shared chorizo montaditos with my boyfriend. I love what they did with the mole and the plantains were cooked so perfectly I wish I had more. The zucchini was a nice contrast in texture and flavor from the meat and mole so that was great!
I can definitely see this place gaining more recognition in the scene in the coming months as I have yet to see it empty!