Very very poor service..made reservations and upon arrival was told they can not seat us until everyone from our party was there (they were stuck in traffic)..so we sat at the very tiny bar that's at the door and the bartender looked to be inexperienced..sat there for 10 minutes and never looked at us..I asked for a drink and he told me to hold on that he's busy cutting limes..finally got our seats and waited for 32 minutes for our waitress to acknowledge us..and that was after I had asked if we had a waitress..they have 10 tables tops in the restaurant and the service was just horrible..finally after 2 hours we left..maybe this place is ok during the day during the week,  but not on the weekendYES!  This authentic mexican restaurant sprouted up in our neighborhood all but two months ago...and I'm elated!  I'm always craving good mexican food in Philly and we happily surprised to find and enjoy this place.  A Los Catrines Tequila's spin-off, this seems to have a more low-key "taqueria" take on Mexican food.
Las Bugambilias is located right next to South Street Diner and offers a warm, intimate setting.  The seating is somewhat crowded, but it actually had a good effect: our neighboring party gave us recommendations for the special appetizer of mushroom and cheeses quesadillas and the skirt steak entree.  It's certainly close quarters, but I'm glad they have so many tables packed in there, as we were seated immediately on a Friday night!  
The ambiance allows for a friendly encounter among all.  The staff are very attentive and know the menu well.  I had the three chicken enchiladas con mole, which was hearty and filling.  The complimentary chips and two salsas are authentic and delicious.  I definitely will return to try some of their specialty cocktail drinks, chocolate tres leches cake, and the tortilla soup.  The menu has a selection of seafood, pork, beef and chicken dishes and offers detailed explanations of each entree.  Definitely get the guacamole!
As far as service goes: I happened to forget a personal belonging behind after leaving and the bartender caught up with me 2 blocks away to return it to me on a cold winter night without his coat!  I'm very impressed!  Las Bugambilias did not disappoint.  I intend to return again and again.
Hours: Tues-Thurs, Sun 4pm-10pm , Fri-Sat 4pm-11pmGreat food, but everything else was mediocre. 
We decided to come here for our anniversary, hoping that it would be a nice restaurant with excellent food. I made reservations three weeks ago, but we had to wait 15 min. for a table when we arrived. They sat us at the bar, but didn't offer us a drink for 10 minutes. Eventually, we were seated at a very small table. We literally had to climb over other clients to get there. It's a very, very cramped restaurant. Luckily, the acoustics are good, so it isn't overwhelmingly loud, even though it's a lot of people in a small room.
SERVICE: Like I said, we had to wait for our table, even with a reservation. I had even confirmed this reservation earlier in the day. Additionally, we weren't offered drinks for a long time. I think our waitress forgot about us a few times, because we didn't get refills on our drinks until we asked for them.
FOOD: I am a vegetarian, and there were plenty of options for me. I chose the Vegetarian Enchiladas. They were the best I've ever had. There was an amazing poblano cream sauce and the black beans were amazing. The chips & salsa were good (but small), but the salsa was extremely spicy. I love spicy food, but the salsa rojo was too-hot-to-handle for me. 
DRINK: I am a huge margarita fan and I thought this was decent, but not great. 6/10
PRICE: I thought that the food was decently priced for being such high quality with fresh ingredients. My enchiladas were $15, for example. The margarita, however, was $9. This was too expensive for the quality of the drink I received. Additionally, we didn't order the guacamole because we heard the portion size was too small for the price ($9.5).Great food, horrible service. 
Their enchiladas and mole are great. Their seafood and meat plates are tasty. Their salsa, guac, and chips are delicious, too. 
Note though, they don't give you much chips, but if you want a refill, you will be charged. You can just see the hesitation on their face when you ask for more, and it's a huge turn-off.  And sometimes, they don't tell you there's an extra charge. Seriously, does it kill your overhead for more chips?
In general, their demeanor seems to be like, "We make good food, and people love us. Therefore, it is your loss if you don't like it here." This may be harsh, but I've felt this multiple times I was there.
I do think their food is good, but the feeling I get from the staff prevents me from going more frequently.The decor was my favorite part of this experience. Classic Mexican colors and designs filled the small docs. 
Queso Funtido starter was unique, made with shrimp and crabmeat. My chicken dish was filled with Mexican flavors and accompanied by rice, beans, and guacamole. I had the x-rated margarita, which tasted like a spiked pink lemonade. 
Service was standard and friendly. 
The prices were a bit high for the experience and location, but definitely a nice find in a city without a lot of Mexican restaurants. No problem getting a table at 930p on a Friday.This place is so cute -- It's small, quaint and I love the decor.
Service was good -- she was sweet, friendly but only somewhat helpful with helping us choose the tequila for our margarita (thus the 4 vs 5 star rating). The $9 classic margarita is described as " with the tequila of your choice". I asked for Don Julio which they didn't have -- so I asked for her suggestion which she was mumbling along.. and then asked if we wanted Patron silver, totally fine. But lack of service comes here -- she did not let us know it would be $13 a piece instead of $9 as described in the menu. This place would have gotten a lower rating on this alone, except the food was pretty phenomenal. 
They start you off with homemade chips, mild salsa (pico de gallo) and a rojo spicy salsa. Pice de gallo was simple, chopped up tomatoes, cilanto, a bit of salt and onions. The spicy one was a bit more flavorful and to my favor
We got the vegetarian tamale -- which was delicious and perfect. Highly recommended for vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike
I got the Enchiladas del Mar -- smothered in a red creamy almond sauce, filled with lobster, crab and shrimp. This dish was overall a 5 star. Fresh seafood, good flavor to the sauce, a small side of rice as well as salad to help cut down the richness of the enchilada. 
My partner got the fish tacos which were done really well -- good guac , and lightly battered fish which is a must.
Great little Mexican spot on south street, tasted truly authentic. But keep in mind, this meal was $75 pre-tip so be ready for that!Came here on a visit to Philadelphia.  Neat little place in a  neat neighborhood.  Cool decor and atmosphere.  Also, it is tiny and cozy.  The food is presented well and colorful.  The tamales were great and the hot chocolate was excellent.  We also ordered a cheesy queso appetizer that was just ok for us and one more entree item that I cannot remember, but it was not memorable.  So it was 50/50 for us.  Based on one experience, probably difficult to rate, but this was our first impression.Las Bugambilias is a great place to go for quality Mexican food and a lovely homely decor.  It's decorated so nicely that I often feel like I"ve been transported away from the craziness of South Street and into Mexico.
They start you off with some tortilla chips and salsa.  It's fresh and yummy but I do wish they would give you more chips esp if you order the guacamole as an appetizer.  I also like ordering the nachos de la frontera!
I've tried a few entrees and for the most part, they have been really delicious.  The chile rellenos, enchiladas verde, & the poultry dishes are always great choices.  However, their seafood dishes that I've had have never been good -- I do not recommend ordering seafood from them!    
Overall, good service, cheerful decor, & great food - minus the seafood!I look at this place and it's just slightly below the threshold of "over the top". I'm not sure why certain venues serving ethnic foods find the need to go overboard into cliche like levels of decor. I'm glad they pushed they envelope but then had a little restraint. Regardless though, I think the Mexican decor movement has been tired for 20 years and actually brings the experience down for casual diners. Why not go modern ala their counterparts 100 miles NE (Pampano, Rosa).
Also there's a difference between "good" domestic Mexican cuisine and "authentic" Mexican cuisine. If a place like this was serving "authentic" regional Mexican then most people in the Philly area would be upset at the spice, dishes they're unaccustomed to, and that "mole" is not the "mole" they've been having. See Mexico City for authentic cuisine (or Oaxaca region).Best Mexican food I've had, everything was extremely fresh. We went when it was packed so the service was a little slow, but the waitress apologized and even gave us some delicious complimentary flan for desert. We'll definitely be back in the future.Stopped in for light lunch today with my wife.  Ordered the Mexican salad & tortilla soup for me and an enchilada plate for my wife.  All food was  excellent.  Plenty of it. 
Really bright spot in the restaurant was our server.  Shoot me for not remembering her name.  Thin, with dark hair and two sons.  Hope that helps.  Very friendly and helpful in ordering.
Don't expect common Americanized Mexican food.  
Nice atmosphere.. Small and cozy.  Also not your typical South Street touristy place.Wanted a nearby place to stop by after a class at Society Hill Dance Academy, so Yelped and came across this place.  Walked by to check the menu before class and were greeted (warmly on the edge of too much pressure) by a woman out front of Las Bugambilias.  She told us the place was authentic best around, etc. etc. etc. so we told her we'd be back, which we decided before her advances anyway but she probably felt good fro "winning us over".
Interior here is pretty cool.  I've never been in a Mexican grandparent's home before, but I imagine it's similar to this place.  A cool grandparent who has traveled the world and likes to booze.
Menu here is large.  I don't want to say too large, but it made it tough to choose something.  Guess I'll have to come back.  Had the Enfrijoladas and tried some of the Enchiladas Verdes as well.  Neither were the bee's knees, but both far above average.  Guac was similar - not the best I've ever had but very good and something I'd order again.  Service was generally solid, drinks I had were big and strong so no complaints there.
To compare it elsewhere it was better than Xochitl (and way cheaper, more selection) and probably not as good as Lolita, but the fact they have such a large menu and the space is more comfortable, cheaper leads me to thing I'd come back here before the others.  Similar to a Cantina, minus hipsters and noise.Really good Mexican with reasonable prices. The waitress was nice and welcoming. She was very helpful with recommending what to eat as well as what not to get. She allowed us to take our time with our meal. Would recommend this restaurant to anyone. 5/5 would come again.Authentic Mexican restaurant with delicious margaritas! The restaurant is quite small, but it gives it a homey feeling.Our food was horrible... Qdoba taste better than this. I enjoy Qdoba, but we all know it's not authentic.great place! The people were really nice and the decorations are beautiful! The food were huge and tasty. Will be there again.Fantastic food - have not had one thing that we have not enjoyed on our many visits.  
The service and ambience would benefit with some warmth.Fancy Mexican. 
That sums up this joint in a nutshell. 
I called ahead on a Friday night at 8pm and asked if they had a table for 2 and the woman responded with 'I can seat you if you can come over right now'. For me, 'right now' was about 30 mins later and they were still able to seat us in the back. It's a small restaurant decorated in vibrant colors and had a lively atmosphere and tables are a bit crammed. We started off with two blood orange margaritas that were well worth the $11 per glass. The guacamole, while delicious, was not worth the $10 price tag. The portion was equivalent to a scoop of ice cream at your neighborhood creamery. That was probably the only complaint I had for the evening. We ordered two entrees: The skirt steak, which resembled a sample platter because it came with a chicken enchilada in mole sauce along with rice and beans. The Shrimp with cojita cheese wrapped in bacon. That description alone was mouthwatering and the dish itself was amazing.
This place is a nice change from the usual Mexican fare. They offer more upscale options yet still offers fish tacos and chicken enchiladas.I love this place.
Food wise: I have yet to try a dish I have not found to be delectable. This includes the Enfrijoladas (chicken), Enchiladas (chicken), Mango salad, and Molcajete Pollo. 
The chips and salsa (hot & mild) are fresh, albeit, a relatively small portion. The mango salad consists of thinly sliced mangos on a bed of greens with a vinaigrette dressing. It is very good, but could use more mangos. The main dishes are full of flavor, without being overwhelming or heavy. The black bean sauce on the Enfrijoladas is scrumptious. The Molcajete can be ordered with chicken, shrimp, and/or steak and is excellent for sharing.
The house margaritas are a solid 7 out of 10. 
The atmosphere is warm and intimate. Again, not overwhelming, but just right. The service is attentive and friendly.
I have not travelled to Mexico and, therefore, cannot speak to the authenticity of the food as some commentators have. But, I have eaten at many a Mexican restaurants and the flavors here are wonderful. 
I recently ate at a more upscale Mexican restaurant in Rittenhouse and, although, the prices were twice as much the flavor was 1/2 as good. This place is a gem.Very authentic environment and food. Everything was home made and delicious ! The service was great. Definitely recommend this place ! The medallions Oaxaca was unbelievable !The food is good, however, I'm updating my first review from a couple of years ago due to the poor services I received on my most recent visit.  My husband and I stopped in to make a take out order this past Sunday.  We happened to be in the area and I was in the mood for their food and wanted to take advantage since we don't live close.  However, when we first came in the hostess told us to go to the bar and place our order with the bartender.  When we were went over to the bar, the bartender was very rude and seemed bothered by us customers-- apparently, she doesn't realize that by having customers, is how she makes money.  Even though the patrons at the bar had just left, she told us that she couldn't take our order and that we had to place it with the hostess.  The hostess returned and took our order.  I told her what I wanted twice.  She came back and asked again what I wanted a couple of minutes later and I pointed to it on the menu.  We left to take a walk because the restaurant was crowded and we didn't want to sit at the bar with the surly bartender.  We came back 20 minutes later and picked up the order.  When I got home, I was very upset to see that despite having repeated multiple times what I wanted and physically pointing it out on the menu, I still didn't get the right order. As we don't live close, we couldn't just turn around and take it back.  I emailed them to tell them about the poor service I received in hopes that they would apologize or want to make it right and encourage us to come back.  I got no response after a few days, hence my updated review.  It's said to have to update this review negatively, but the facts are the facts.Horrendous service. Absolutely horrendous. The food has also gone downhill. I used to rave about this place. After three occasions in a row with terrible service and mediocre food, I will not return.Best Mexican restaurant  in philadelphia. Love the waitstaff. Food is the best in the city. Only place to eat Mexican. Go there but make reservations. You will not be disappointed.What a great neighborhood gem near the end of South Street. You would never know from the outside how nice this place is on the inside. 
The food was delicious and was generally inspired by the regional cuisine of Veracruz. Ingredients were fresh and well-presented. 
I had a molcajete - which is a mix of meats, seafood, and vegetables in a wonderful sauce that comes in a hot stone bowl. My wife enjoyed the vast selection of vegetarian options they provided. 
Really glad we had the opportunity to come here!!Great decor, great service, delicious food. Small and intimate place. Tasty margaritas. Small things to improve include, too big portions (except the guac and chips), and bathroom could use some tlc. Would definitely go back again.My girlfriend said it should be 5 stars but I thought it was a 3 star....my meal was good but not unbelievable so we stuck with 4 stars.  The menu seemed authentic and they had a lot of options.  
We started with the Queso Chihuahua Toluca which was great.  My girlfriend had the ensalada de mango with shrimp and I had the Molcajete Pollo.  Both were good but I would probably get something else next time.  The chicken didn't seam to soak up the flavor of the sauce it was in.
I would recommend stopping by if you are in the area.Rating it a 3.5. There were two waitresses and many of the tables were full. Our waitress seemed really busy and was handling quite a bit so service was slow. She also took away our extra chips before we were done which was a big no no for us. Food was a bit on the pricer side. I ordered the pechuga jamaica and afterwards we got dessert. The pechuga jamaica had a little bit of everything and the chicken was really good. The dessert was the Pastel de Tres Leches de Chocolate. I would not recommend the dessert because it was basically a cake soaked in milk. In a way it tasted good but I think the other desserts on the menu might be a lot better. 
The waitress also did not know the menu or the food. When we asked which chicken dish she recommends or her favorite dish, she could not name one that she liked. Also we had to name 3 desserts we would like because she wasn't sure which dessert was available. So when the dessert came out we weren't sure which one it was until she said "it's the chocolate one..."
The atmosphere the restaurant was very nice though! There were a lot of decorations and the dishes themselves were beautiful. Everything looked really authentic. It's also really close to Penn's Landing/Spruce Street Harbor, which is convenient if you want to take a walk after eating.Cute, tiny little space filled with lots of flavor!
Portion sizes are completely appropriate and appetizers are almost not necessary.  The margaritas are stunning -- and make sure you have a reservation!!!!!  We did, and we walked right in at 8pm on a saturday night with our table waiting for us!!!
Loved it and would recommend it -- and would totally go back.Las bugambilias is an excellent upscale mexican restaurant.  The space is small but it works.They have above average margaritas and excellent guacamole.  Chicken quesadillas are delicious and very flavorful.
The dishes we had for dinner were some of the best mexican food I have ever had.  I ordered the medallion oaxaca, the filet was done perfectly and exploding with flavor.  My gf had the mar y tierra molcajete.  Lava rockbowl filled with jumbo shrimp, filet tips, grilled chicken all in an excellent sauce.  The sauce was very flavorful and spicy but not too spicy.  The staff was very helpful in regards to the level of spice in each dish and was happy to order each entree per our desired level of heat.
I will be coming back whenever I am craving high quality mexican food in the philly area.Absolutely fantastic! The hubby and I decided to get out tonight (after the huge snowfall :-) and treat ourselves to some upscale mexican food.
It was 630pm on a wednesday night and we were the first in the dining room. We each ordered a happy hour drink, 1 corona and 1 margarita, rocks with salt. Both were great.
Our appetizer, ceviche camarones de sinoloa was fanatstic. It was accompanied by 2 kinds of salsa and chips. Very tasty.
Then came our entrees. Carne Tampiqueña for me (done medium rare) and Cochinita Pibil for him. Both came with black beans and rice, and both were delicious.
The service was quick and attentive and our waitress Nicole was very sweet. I definitely recommend to anyone.The guacamole was extremely good. I ordered the tequila steak, but was then asked if I wanted the cheese smothered steak instead. I made the obvious choice.
The cheese covered rib-eye is extremely delicious. Try it.
Drinks were good and happy hour brough the price down.
Staff was very friendly.
They lost one star because I felt pretty cramped at my table, although in fairness, I'm kind of tall.This was a spur of the moment decision.  One of us wanted Mexican food, a quick yelp search and we were on our way. 
It was both our first times there, though we questioned why given that it received such high marks.  We had a hard time deciding but finally settled on guacamole, empanadas for appetizers.  For the entrees, I had the Chalupa Veracruz.  It was very clean and light, just enough flavor.  It didn't blow my mind though.  It seems like one of those dishes that many restaurant has, whether it's Italian or Mexican or Asian.  Your basic seafood in a tomato based broth.  But again, it was good.  My friend had the Chile Rellenos.  Now that was a little more impressionable.  Nice messy blend of flavors that all go well into the provided tortilla wraps.  For dessert, we had the Tres Leches Chocolate cake.  Although our dessert options were limited due to many being sold out (I think that's a good thing right?), this cake did not disappoint.  
The service was very friendly too.  The only thing is that I thought the prices were a smidgen high.  Just a smidgen though.Was here 4 yrs ago and had a fantastic meal. Not sure why it took us so long to get back, but finally did tonight - and it was just as good. Definitely will have to get back sooner than 4 yrs. There were 3 of us and everything was exceptional.Love this place Ive been back to this place a few times, and each time are happy we go. If you like food with a kick and favor recommend trying this resturant. Even there nachos are homemade and every appetizer we have tried on the menu.You know, honestly this place would get 4 stars if it weren't for the salsa and chips "policy" they have at this restaurant. 
Apparently, you can only get one portion of salsa and chips for free, and then everything else after that is 2 dollars for chips and 2 dollars for salsa. I'm not being a cheapskate... but seriously what restaurant charges for salsa and chips (small portions too). The salsa is pretty good, but the tortillas chips are just old tortillas from the day before... a little ridiculous in my head
And what is further confusing/angering is that it actually says in the menu that "one basket of tortilla chips is provided for each entree. So If you and your boyfriend get an entree each, does that not mean we should get at least two baskets of chips free? Apparently not. Apparently my understanding of that statement was incorrect because what that means to their restaurant is that it's one two share.
So then... what happens if you have 6 people who order 6 entrees. One basket of chips for you.
I don't get it.
Other than the food is pretty decent. The portions are big (definitely will have leftovers) and quality is good. Fresh veggies, salad, really yummy black beans come with your main entree, and the sides are just as good as the entree. it's just too bad when a restaurant will be stingy on something as minor as chips and salsa.Las Bugambilias is generally great food/drinks, great service and good prices.  We ate here when they first opened and have been coming back ever since.  If I had reviewed them previously they would have more stars however, given the last two times we have eaten here (in last two weeks) I am giving only 3.   Mainly because there is a strong odor (almost sewage but could be pest control) smell evident when you walk in the door and a definite fly problem.  Not sure what it is but it is definitely not appetizing and on our most recent visit I was tempted to leave but we had out of town guests and they had arrived before us and were already seated.   Our meals were good as they usually are.  Hopefully, they get the smell taken care of because for now, I am not inclined to return because of it.
Also, they used to have this delicious walnut cake dessert that they took off the menu and it seems like the last view visits some of the others desserts are not available.Came here for a friend's birthday and we all had an amazing time and enjoyed everything we got. The ambience and decor is awesome! Service was rather quick and it wasn't too crowded. Happy hour margs for $6? Yes please! 
We started with chips guac and salsa. The guac was very chunky and i really enjoyed it. I also loved the salsa verde. I got the enchiladas verdes and they were very enjoyable. It was a huge portion and was enough to take home. My fellow diners really enjoyed the quesadillas and enchiladas poblanas. The enchiladas come with rice and beans!9//21/2014
I don't know where my previous rave review went... but we stopped in again two nights ago and once again - it was great. We tend to stick to the enchiladas because they are simply terrific. We had the Pablano again and the Verde. Wow. Everything is way fresh, the flavors are great, and the portions will fill you up.
Special mention - the margaritas. Love 'em. Great variety, great quality. We showed up at the end of happy hour which is worth targeting. It was clear we'd have one drink and back to normal prices, so for about 38 bucks two of us ordered the pitcher. The pitcher was huge. By the end of our meal, nearly half the pitcher remained - I finished it as matter of principle and was reminded you pay twice for alcohol when things go to far.
11/16/2013
Excellent meal. We walked in without reservations on a Sat evening and we're accommodated.
Ceviche traditional was OK - a tomato based sauce for two of three offerings, I prefer lime. The nachos very, very good. The enchilada pablano was extraordinary - within the top we've had. We eat here every few years and it's always great. Our frequency must increase.
The margheritas were delicious. Pricy but large. Not to be missed.This place was authentic, but that does not mean it was good. 
The atmosphere was bright, loud and claustrophobic.  Tables were much to close, not only left to right but front to back.  Just walking through the place was an uncomfortable experience.
The drink menu was overwhelmed with Margaritas made with vodka.  That seemed an odd choice for authentic Mexican.  We each ordered one, they arrived at our table about 25 minutes later (after I asked the waitress about them).  They were not in my opinion good.
We ordered guacamole which came in a tortilla shell that was stale, the accompanying chips were also stale.  The guacamole itself was uninspired but passable. 
Dinner arrived and it followed the quality of the rest of the meal.  The meet in my dish was rubbery and tasteless, the sauce was very good, but the flavor did not translate to the rest of the dish.  the place was so cramped and the tables so small it was hard to eat.
I have been told this is a good lunch place, I think they need to learn the difference of expectations between lunch and diner.Very cute place with a bright and warm atmosphere. The restaurant is very small, so the tables are all pretty close together, but that wasn't too big of a deal for me, especially once the margaritas arrived. The food is pretty delicious. Guacamole is good, but 9$ is a little much. The veggie enchiladas were delicious. As a vegetarian I can't tell you how much I appreciate the differing meatless options. I'll definitely be back for some more delicious standard mexican fare.The first 5 times here would have gotten 5 stars. The food and drinks were fantastic. The ceviche is great, and the champagne cocktail(forgot its name) was even better. Guacamole is bland, pass on that. But the last 2 times we ate here the service was the lowest. The one server is overwhelmed and the other seems drunk. The overwhelmed one seems pissed about the other and there is palpable tension in the air. My friends guy ordered a steak rare. It came out well done as in brown to center 3 times before he finally gave up. They tried to argue with him about it and say it was not their fault. I don't know how rare equates to a brown center. It was a hassle getting it off the bill. They didn't offer anything else or anything to compensate for him leaving hungry. We called the manager the next day who did not care one bit. Get off the booze babes! You are running one of Phila best restaurants in the ground. Also, it was hot in the restaurant and the drinks were warm too. Yuck. Just give me Lolitas anyday!!! This place is another no return.I visited this place with a friend. It was a random Monday evening, so I was happy to find street parking! (I'm from Philly and lack of parking has always deterred me from going out in center city, south street, old city and the like).
Anyway, the interior décor of the place was bright, festive, and felt...homey. Service was friendly. I ordered the chicken quesadillas. I was impressed by how hearty they were and how large the portion was for the price, but alas....the chicken to cheese ratio was waaay off for my taste (waaay too much cheese) and worst of all, the chicken (which was shredded) was ridiculously salty. I forced myself to eat 2 of them then couldn't stomach them anymore.
The saving grace for my visit here was the pineapple chipotle margarita I ordered...it was huge...and DELICIOUS....and STRONG!! $11 well spent!
My friend got some pork entrée that looked amazing...portion was huge and came with chips, plantains, rice and some other deliciousness. I think the place deserves another visit and I'll probably go with an entrée the next time...to go with my margarita :-DThis teeny tiny traditional Mexican joint has a lot of character and makes a pretty great meal.  I went with a large group (14), and they handled us well.  The service was quick and friendly even though we took up half of the restaurant.
I started with the Tamales de Puerco.  I would have preferred them without the sauce on top, but these were pretty good tamales.  They were moist and flavorful.
For my meal I had the Molcajete Pollo (chicken, scallions,cactus leaves in verde sauce).  It had a nice spice to it, though it was a bit of a pain to eat (but maybe I'm just an idiot, I burned myself on the lava bowl more than once).  The hot sauce that was served with chips had good taste and heat to it, and worked well to add to meal.  
Any guacamole that you get, whether coming with your meal or ordering separately, will be very small but tasty.
The traditional margarita that I ordered wasn't bad.  Nothing that I tasted different than other margaritas.  
I'd like to go back and work my way through the menu a bit further.  This is traditional Mexican food, even though there are some Americanized dishes on the menu.I could not have been happier with my experience here. The staff were welcoming, responsive, and fun from the moment we arrived until we left. The food was beautifully presented and delicious.Really cute little place on south st. The mexican food is authentic and delicious, the Mexican natural juices were also very good and tasted just like in Mexico.This place is overall awesome. It could be 5 stars easily. However, why did I chose 4 stars? Let's see. 
The food is delicious. We ordered Pechuga Jamaica (chicken), and Delmonico Tequila (beef). The chicken was really good. This combination of the white sauce inside (it is stuffed) and the Jamaica (a bit red) sauce outside is perfect and very unique. I loved it! The beef overall was tasty, but the meat itself was not a good quality piece. More specifically, it had white parts which were either fat, or like tough sinew. I was a bit disappointed of that entree. At the end we ordered a desert crepe with cajeta, and we added a scoop of ice cream (our idea). It was just amazing! Even without the ice cream :)
The place is usually busy, especially for dinner, so I would suggest to make a reservation. 
Some of the people from the service are good and polite but some are not that smily. 
The place has a problem with small flies. The tables at the back have a lot, and we asked to change table and sit at one on the front.
The decoration was very unique! 
Because I have been to Mexico, I can tell that it was one of the most authentic places I have ever been in the States.This place has great potential and definitely has wonderful food.  Where it falls short is in regard to the ambiance and very real smallness of the place.  It is tough to be comfortable in the hard cushioned chairs and low tables, and though this may seem trivial, imagine enjoying a meal and trying to sit comfortably, while needing to move your chair in as far as it can go any time someone needs to squeeze by your table.Food is fancy schmancy mexican by gringos. 
Chip are tasty but you get about 10, maybe we would have gotten refills if the staff wasn't terribly rude, unattentive, and act like they wish we never walked in. 
Never asked if we needed anything else, droppde off water and ran. Dropped off entrees and ran. Dropped off bill and ran. 
When I walked in I could have taken the entire restaurant before anyone came out from the back. 
Ugggg terrible service will ruin any dish.Great margaritas, quaint small atmosphere, very intimate, and after 3 trips, it's now a staple - the food is authentic and delicious!Terrible experience here! We came to Philly for the day and decided to try this place. We waited 45 minutes for our appetizer, and waited an hour for our entrees and still did not get our food. We had even made reservations for this place for party of 3. Two parties, (1 party of 6 and another of 4) both were seated at least 10-15 minutes AFTER us received their food BEFORE us. I mean that's pretty ridiculous. And the food it tasted like shit. I could have made better nachos at home. Honestly, there are plenty of better Mexican restaurants in the city, don't waste your time and money on this place!!Cozy little place. Hidden gem. Authentic taste and delicious. The service is a bit slow. We had a quiet waitress but she was a good server. The tortilla soup was great. I had the three taco platter with the soup and was stuffed. We all had the guacamole and it was very fresh and delicious. Comes in a tortilla and not so many chips but we asked for more and they were more than accommodating and came out with fresh hot chips pretty much immediately.  Everyone at the table really enjoyed their food and we cannot wait to go back.This is another place that we eat at frequently, and every time we seem to have a good experience. Everything here is always very delicious, and we always seem to leave the restaurant very full and satisfied. The atmosphere is very comfortable and cozy, the staff is very nice, helpful, and diligent, and the food is always outstanding. I highly recommend the guacamole and quesadillas. Everything is very fresh and tasty. We love eating here, and recommend this place. It's so good!Food was good. Except the service was HORRIBLE. waited at the bar for a drink while we waited for a table and the "bartender" didn't even acknowledge me for at least 20 minutes. Then when he finally took my order forgot about me and made me wait even longer.  Was told a table would be 15 minute wait it wound up being longer than that and there were empty tables that weren't even taken. Wait service was horrible and no one really acknowledged you or listened to your order. It was very rushed serviceI rarely give places five stars, but I really had no reason not to with this restaurant. It's a small, cute Mexican restaurant located on South St. This restaurant is a lot nicer than most traditional restaurants than I've been to as you need to make dinner reservations because the location probably only fits 30 people. The food here was amazing and tasted very fresh. I ordered their seafood enchiladas and the taste was to die for. I also ordered the traditional ceviche and the shrimp tasted very fresh. The margaritas are huge and strong and will have you feeling nice/ tipsy after just one. The staff was also very friendly. I would definitely return when in the area and craving Mexican food.This place is really adorable. The restaurant is very small and narrow. Even for the waitress to walk in the aisle to serve the food seemed a challenge. As you can imagine its a very tight fit.
The menu had a ton of wonderful options to choose from. I was pleased to see even vegetarian options. My husband and I enjoyed our meals.I'm a recent fan of this wonderful restaurant.  I had no idea it was there (and I've been living here for years).  I do recommend going on a week night if you'd like great service.  It gets too busy on weekends (because it's so good!!!). 
The service, food, atmosphere, and location are the best!  I go at least once/week now.Delicious food, friendly service, cozy/romantic ambiance. Try the guacamole, the chicken mole, and the seafood enchiladas!You know you are in a real Mexican place when you are surrounded by real Mexican kitsch and are drinking out of those blue-rimmed glasses everyone gets from Nogales.
Our meal was Valentine's night so the menu was limited, but the dishes superb.  We split the guac, which, in agreement with Michelle C., was over-priced and under-portioned.   
In contrast, my $25 crab-stuffed grouper wrapped in soft corn pastry was fantastic.  I modified it by substituting extra salad instead of rice, and plenty of additional delish salsa without any issue.  My girlfriends got a chicken dish that was way to sweet for my taste, resiny and carmelized, but hey it worked for them.
Overall, it was a delightful experience for 4 girls dining out on Valentine's.  We could be as loud as we liked dishing gossip and clinking margaritas, because 'Ole! Estamos en Mexico.'Woow excellent mexican food! I lived in Mexico for 10yrs, so I know these are good fresh mexican dishes.. thanks for bringing  a piece of Mexico to queens village.!
excellent service and music.  
 Mil Gracias Bugambilias!Really really enjoy this place! Their guacamole, their pork tacos, the ceviche are all worthy of eating over and over again. Super small spot but worth it.A small place. The food is very good, but if there are any more than two tables being served, service slows down to a crawl because there is only one waitstaff, and she doesn't seem to manage her time very well. But if you go outside of lunch and dinner times, be prepared for a very good experience!Places like this represent why Mexican might be my favorite cuisine. This place gets it, fresh ingredients with big bold flavors. There is a ton of variety in the menu and everything is very reasonably priced for the quantity that you get. 
Friday night had a full crowd for dinner. It is pretty small inside but has a nice home style vibe. We were seated promptly for our 8:00 reservation and had great service throughout the meal. 
As previously stated, there is no skimping on their plates. For appetizers I tried to the queso with chorizo and the tamales. The queso was bubbling hot with the perfect amount of spices. The homemade tortillas made for the perfect vehicle to shove everything they offered into my mouth. The tamales were overstuffed with super tender pork. I almost ate the corn husk just to get a last taste of the marinade. My surf and turf entree (the first one listed under the beef section of the menu) was a home run. It came out in a stone vessel that kept it warm since it took a while to take down this heaping mound of deliciousness. A couple smokey shrimp, a tender piece of filet and two giant chunks of chicken breast all in a spicy sauce with onions and peppers among other goodies. It also came with more tortillas, black beans, rice, and guac with a chip in case I wasn't already at capacity. Since everything was so good we had to get dessert to go and the chocolate tres leche and a chocolate strawberry tort were both 5 star worthy. 
Over the course of the night I tried 5 of their margaritas too. On the pricey side at ~$11 but a must have compliment to their cuisine. My favorite was the Jamaican marg although I guess its a bit fruity for a guy. The chipotle pineapple is unique and as a spicy enthusiast I loved it. The blood orange and traditional reminded me of Lolita (that's a big compliment). I can't wait to go back to and try everything else considering everyone else in the restaurant seemed to be enjoying their plates as much as me.Was lucky enough to look up a review, show up, and get worked in in between reservations. Fantastic customer service, authentic food, and an unexpectedly refreshing environment. Empenadas and the classic margarita were the highlights and left me curious and eager to come back for more.This is why yelp is so good. Tried finding a place to eat while staying in Philly again and others reviews helped choose a really good place. I love chili relleno's and this didn't disappoint. Very tasty! The chips for pre-meal were delicious too.Small cozy place, but big in flavor. One of my favorites mexican restaurants in the city. Actually, before visiting the restaurant, a few Mexicans recommended it to me, saying this is probably the most authentic and best mexican food I could have in Philly. They proved to be right. Friendly staff with good service. They have a small bar where you can wait to be seated (it can get busy on weekends).A beautiful, traditional Mexican restaurant with great food and an eye-catching atmosphere.  They serve you a lot of food so come hungry!  The Enfrijoles were delicious and the enchilada dishes in general were pretty popular among our group.  The guacamole as a starter was great, I would definitely recommend it!  Good place for an upscale date night, or for appetizers and a drink with friends.Great neighborhood gem! Everything on the menu is yummy and having authentic mexican local is awesome.  The fish is all fresh and the the guacamole is delicious.  There is not a plethora of seating space so certainly make a reservation in advance.  Enjoy!Probably my favorite Mexican place in the city!! My dinner and drinks were awesome. I don't know what they put on the enchiladas, but it's sinfully delicious.Very authentic, great flavor, excellent service, great atomosphere. 
Chips and salsa was great. (Warm chips with home made salsa) shrimp ceviche was  excellent. Had stuffed chicken and tilapia for main dish. These were also flavorful and delicious.I came here for a farewell party for my wife.  We ordered the Medallon Oaxaca (filet with 2 jumbo shrimp) and the enchilada verde.  We also got an order of guac with chips.  The food was very good.  The filet was cooked perfectly rare with it topped with cheese.  The jumbo shrimp were also done very well.
My wife's enchilada verde was done very well and she enjoyed it thoroughly.  I ate what she couldn't (because I am her garbage disposal) and it was very good.
The service was friendly and attentive.  If you are a bigger group, like we were, your dinners will come out at significantly different times (but that was alright with us).
Some dishes seemed reasonably priced and others seems a bit expensive - like the guac.  $9.50 for an ice cream scoop size seems expensive.  But my filet with shrimp for $23 was a great deal.  
So overall, I think this is a pretty good place to come for some really good Mexican.
BTW, if you are driving here and need to park in a garage, park in the Abbott Square parking lot.  They validate for $10 parking....This is the best Mexican spot in Philly.  The staff was unbelievably friendly, especially considering that we were there passed closing time - we swallowed our food as soon as we realized they were closing shop.
Fantastic drinks and nachos.  I love that they have the thick cut tortilla chips.  Already have my next night here on the calendar... can't wait to get back!Walked in with a friend late on a weekday, and I'm so glad that I did. 
Great service, first of all! The folks here are way friendly and non-pretentious. I appreciated that they took all of our requests into consideration and that our waitress was particularly knowledgeable about the menu. Of course, this review is mostly about the food, and it doesn't disappoint.
Having just come back from El Paso, Phoenix, etc., I've had my fill of good food. While this place is going to be pricey for what you pay in comparison, the quality is just as high. Fresh veggies and fruit, and absolutely delicious meats and beans tasting like they came straight from grandmom's kitchen. My only complaint is that I asked for my food very spicy, and it came out mild. Maybe it's just the chiles this year (they were weak down in the SW), but man, what a bummer. That and the price bring this place down a star for me, but I would argue that it's one of the better value places for Mexican in the area. You still get a ton of food, and it's absolutely to die for delicious and authentic.
I'll be back!  You've made my list:)FOOD: 4-5 Star. This review is 1-star for an atrocious customer service experience.
I call about an issue I had with my pick-up order. I call 4-5x before they pick up. On the other end is a waitressed named Thea. As soon as I tell her my issue she hangs up on me. I call 2-3 more times before she picks up again. I politely brush off the hangup and say "I think we were disconnected before." She tells me they are having issues with the phones (Probably good to tell all of your callers as soon as you speak to them in the event that they ACTUALLY get disconnected). I try to explain the issue and she puts me on hold... Except that I can still hear her talking in the background.. Annnnnd she is CURSING about, well, let's be honest, probably me....Gracefully using the word F*&# and stating something being "on her dick." YIKES.
It gets better! She hangs up on me after I am on hold for 10 minutes.. No attempt to call me back. Lucky for them I live in the neighborhood so I decide to walk over to talk to the manager. The bartender informs me there's no manager on duty, but he can have Thea talk to me (NO THANKS!). I tell him my issue. He says he'll make me another drink (That's all I wanted!!) and I can leave my name and number for the manager. But.. No drink, he sends Thea over to me, and he never takes my name. AHHHHHHH
She demonstrates (literally with glasses and water) how I was wrong about the measurement and how since she is the one who made the drink she knows she's right. I'm exhausted. 
I give up. But this review is my last attempt at any sort of making right out of the complete Twilight Zone experience I had tonight at Las Bugambilias.Amazing food.  Fresh, delicious and full of flavor.
I had the Empanadas, the Tacos Camaron, and the Tacos Pastor.  I opted to have the Empanadas vegetarian, and I didn't miss the meat one bit.  They were savory and flavorful.  Tacos Camaron were amazing.  Creamy delicious sauce and cheese with shrimp cooked to perfection.  Lastly the Tacos Pastor were probably my favorite.  Pork mixed with Pineapple with a light and refreshing sour cream and a squirt of lime made them heavenly.  I WILL be ordering from this place on a regular basis.  Can't wait to bring my friends here to have some drinks and an amazing meal!  DON'T PASS THIS UP! Rivals any of the food on or around South Street!With so many options in Philly for food, the husband and I try not to go back to places too often so we can try someplace new... however, since we discvered Las Bugambilas several months back, we've made our return two additional times.
It's a tiny place with limited seating- be prepared to sit up close and personal to the table next to you. 
The food is amazing... when you sit down, they bring out homemade chips and salsa. The chips are the perfect crispiness and size to accomodate the pico de gallo and spicy salsa. We've gone with groups and have gotten to try a variety of the appetizers and entrees. The nachos are different...in a very good way. Not your typical chips, cheese, sour cream... its thicker..heartier... kind of amazing. The chorizo queso dip is incredible- do not miss it!!
As for the entrees, I have sampled the Mole Chicken Echiladas... and the mole sauce is amazing... the perfect amount of smokyness to balance the slight amount of heat it has to it. It comes with three enchiladas with a side of rice, beans, and guacamole. Most recently I ordered the Fish Tacos... which was such a large portion. The fish was perfectly fried - still delicate inside, but crisp on the outside- and the amount of fish per taco was actually almost too much, that i felt the need to eat several pieces with my fork prior to wrapping up each taco.
As for the pitchers of Margarita, beware... they can serve a small army. We ordered 2 pitchers for our party of 6... and left the restaurant with some leftover after consuming it for over an hour. When the waitress says it could serve 6 people, she actually means it can serve 6 people...not 6 glasses worth.Was there this past Sunday, very authentic, the waitress was probably the best waitress i have ever had. Service was great! Food was excellent. Def rec.I know I just wrote a review a week ago for my previous experiences, but I just went back over the weekend.
After a failed visit to the Philly Food Tour (NOT as good as Night Market, so I would skip this), we walked over to Las Bugambilias.
Luckily for us, no wait at 8 PM Saturday night, but this may be because of the above event.
Service was fine. $1 charge for the extra chips, fine, since I knew it was coming. Their thick-cut, fried chips come with mild tomato salsa and another that is really spicy.
Friend ended up getting the pork chop, which was seasoned well, but a bit overcooked and dry. My enchiladas verde were still on point. They give you a side of their mole which is pretty good.
Their dessert coffee (can't think of the name, and their website is down) was very sweet with an orange slice on the side of the cup. I'm more of the dark, bitter, black coffee type, but if you like coffee that tastes like coffee ice cream, get this and add milk.
The TRES LECHES (de amarillo) was quite possibly the best tres leches I've ever had. Super moist, and perfectly sweet, this dish made the 1 mile walk back worth it (and necessary).Perfection! The food is the best Mexican i have ever had and nothing like chain Mexican or even worse the Mexican Post. Everything is fresh and delicious. My personal fav is the carne tampiquena. drunks are great too and they have a happy hour special with $5 margaritas. the servers are fantastic--very friendly but not overbearing. You can tell the chef came from Tequilas because its a similar style of cooking but I don't think its as pricey. You can also find parking which is always a plus. I can't say enough. I used to live down the street but I am now 20 minute drive and I drive here all the time--can't get enough.The Ceviche Mixto is delicious. It's a popping amalgamation of some cooked fish - shrimp and things - and some raw fish, along with chunks of mango, tomato, onion, and herbs that just makes your mouth smile. The Mixto donates a variety of flavors and textures to your longing tastebuds: there's sweet, sour, umami, creamy, chunky, smooth, and crunchy. Give this dish a shot: you'll be super pleased. Use it as a dip for your slightly plump, perfectly golden, delightfully crunch chips and you'll be even happier.
Everything else is good. The Spicy Shrimp dish served over a bed of herbs and non-Romaine greens was tasty. The sides of beans were black, creamy, and topped with the essential Mexican cheese.I was stoked to try this out last Friday night after reading the expert witness of numerous California-transplants testifying to the greatness of Las Bugambillas. Being a recent West Coast transplant myself, I put some stock into this testimony but came up a bit disappointed in Las Bugambillas. The setting and the vibe were right, as were the chips and the drink specials. But our entrees missed the mark. We ordered adventurously, though, and I would give Bugambillas another try as the large menu had a lot to offer from staples to more exotic fare.
Pros
-Setting - the place has a cute, homegrown decor that appears lived and thought out by someone with some real experience with Mexico - a much more authentic vibe than Philly's leading brand Mexican places where favor style over substance (read El Vez, Lolita). 
-Chips - awesome, hot and salty and not too abundant. It's easy to overload on chips, but Bugambilla's modest baskets offer a responsibly-sized sample. 
-Bebidas - happy hour til 7pm features good and fuerte $5 margaritas and $3 mexican beers including my favorites Bohemia, Negro Model and Pacifico. 
-Menu - vast and explorable ranging from everyday favorites like 'cheese enchiladas' to stuff you've never even heard of - pescado tikin xil.  
Cons
Underwhelming Comida - things started off right with the fresh and tasty ceviche mixto but went a bit downhill after that. Ensalada Oaxaca sounded amazing, but was covered in too much, too-strong salad dressing tasting of molasses and tamarind - the ripe tomatoes and avocado in the greens were helpless against fire power of that magnitude. Entrees were the adequate but uninspired cochinita pebil - yucatan-style braised pork shoulder and a frankly bad camarones endiablados - which was shrimp in a sea of tomato sauce and cheese - almost like Italian shrimp parmesan.