Good food--loved the gnocchi with marinara
the baked eggplant appetizer was very good too
The service was very slow, but despite this, I'd go back, the food is just that goodExcellent food atmosphere and service . Everything was fresh and hot when we were served ;and the dessert tray is absolutely amazing! 
We walked here from our hotel ( Hotel Monaco) and are so glad we did! Bon Appetito!!My boyfriend and I have visited here a bunch of times and we will still be coming here! Everything has always been great! Mussels are amazing in the white and the red! Chicken Marsala is amazing! The drinks are a little to expensive, some of them being as much as your meal itself, but I guess that's because the location. Grab a drink across the street at Las Vegas lounge first to pay average price for a drink than head to an amazing dinner here!Its a decent place. Not the best italian food I had, but it was good. I was here for restaurant week. I had the lobster ravioli, the meatball appetizer and the brownie dessert. It was all good, nothing stood out as the best thing I have eaten. It was pricey, but I wasn't disappointed. They have a good wine list to choose from. Overall, if you are in the area I would give it a try. Its not something I would trek a long way down to eat.If the name of my restaurant was my last name I'd make dam sure it was good!  Well Charles LaScala shouldn't worry because this is a very good mid-level Italian restaurant.
I've been to dinner, lunch, and happy hour here all multiple times so I know my way around this place. Before I discuss the many great things about this establishment I'll mention two issues that are less than good.
First this place has an active bar with multiple TVs.  This is great for Happy Hour but not so great if you are seated near it with the intention of having a peaceful meal.  So Rule #1 is to ask to be seated away from the bar.  I've never found this to be a problem as the staff is very accommodating.
Second, in my opinion, the adult libations are generally a dollar or two too high for a mid-level Italian place.  It's very easy to order drinks here that go over $10.  So consider yourself forewarned.
So let's talk about all the positive attributes-
The location is fabulous.  It's within walking distance of Olde City, the Walnut Street Theater, the Historic District, etc., etc.  
The have a few outside tables and Chestnut Street is great for people watching.
These folks have one of the best free parking arrangements in all of Philadelphia.  That's right, I said free and the parking lot is in the same building.  If you are driving in it doesn't get any better than this. Note that free parking is available after 3 PM.  
They use OpenTable so making your reservation is super convenient.  By the way, these folks do a great job during Restaurant Weeks. Make yourself a note to book early for those coveted RW seatings.
Regarding the food; expect classic Italian in large portions.  It doesn't matter if you are a carnivore, like your protein from the sea, or are of the vegetarian persuasion.  Everybody will be happy here.  Expect appetizers to be about $10 and entrées to range from the high teens to mid-twenties. 
The Broccoli Rabe appetizer ($10) is to die for.  It comes with sweet Italian sausage and grilled polenta.  The lovely wife has tried the Chicken Alla Roma ($21) and pronounced it excellent.  It comes with mushrooms and asparagus in a lemon-caper sauce.
If you are in this part of town, give them a try for lunch.  I'll bet you come back for dinner.This was a nice spot to have an outdoor lunch.
We were staying at a hotel for the day, so liquid lunch was on the agenda. Luckily, LaScala's has a $9 wine flight which lets you sample 3 wines. Having Yards beer on tap does not hurt either!
We spent about $35 total on 2 people. One of us had the chopped salad, which was a perfect and filling lunch portion. The other ordered tuna with french fries and aragula. This dish was also very good; the tuna was cooked exactly to order. The fries were the thin kind, more flavorful but perhaps a bit less potato and a bit more oil.
Overall, we very much enjoyed our lunch here,Chicken parm. was pretty good. Restaurant has a sport-bar feel to it.I don't get this place.  I'm going to have to steer my boss clear of it next time we dine out.  The salads are way too small; the strombolis way too big.   The salad I ordered was fine, but nothing to write home about, and definitely left me feeling hungry.  My coworker ordered an appetizer ($10) as her main, and it looked like the size of a cadbury cream egg.  If we don't want a huge calzone for lunch, and also don't want a $15 pasta dish, you need to add something to your menu that satisfies more fully, isn't a heavy chicken parm sandwich, and doesn't break the bank.
The ambience was weird, too.  They were playing like, the best hits of the 80s, 90s, and today, during lunch.  And loudly, at that. The restaurant was dark; they didn't have all of the lights turned on.  Service was meh.  This is lunch, not dinner.  Set the mood accordingly!Great restaurant right on the cusp of the historic district in Philadelphia. Great atmosphere, nice specialty drinks, and delicious food. 
Pro tip: a great bonus is that they will validate your parking at the garage next door!Great pizza! Amazing salads! Quick and friendly service at any of their locations! I highly recommend their chopped salad!Happy hour alert! 
I think I found a new go-to happy hour spot in this area. Move aside Sips, these specials happen every Monday through Friday from 4-7. And boy are they are special! 
Their online menu totes the fact that the happy hour food specials are their regular portions at happy hour prices. Just when I was about to quit dining at happy hour because of lame portion sizes, I found a gem.
Looking for a quick bite and drink, my hubby and I split a pizza with meatballs and pepper. I had a glass of merlot and he had citrus flavored vodka with club. The pizza was tasty and could have almost been a meal. Add an appetizer or two to split and there's a regular sized dinner. The pizza came to $7. Wowza!
The bartender was friendly and attentive, even with a full bar. 
Yep, this is a great happy hour and I'll be back.AMAZING!!!  Went for Easter dinner...not a bad or mediocre thing to say!!!!!
FABulous Food!
Wonderful Service!
Outstanding Atmosphere!
Free Parking (Validated) PLUS
Kid-Friendly!?!?!? 
WE WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK!!! Can't believe we haven't discovered this gem sooner!By far the best Italian in Philly! Authentic and delicious food in a great atmosphere. I had the rigatoni vodka and my husband the fusilli with seafood. AMAZING! And the oil/balsamic dip for your bread? Insaneeeee.This place was great; we're in Philly for several days on vacation and wanted someplace we'd feel fancy but casual. We found a great mix of the two.
The food was all excellent: he had the scallops and I had the seafood pasta. His was a bit light, so he attempted to help me finish mine, which was a massive serving size. Good wine and good bread capped this off as a meal we were happy to pay for.
The loss of the fifth star is due to the service. The wait staff was inattentive in an empty restaurant.We ate here during Restaurant Week and it was just OK. In fact, there was only one thing I remember about the evening. It was their eggplant rollantini. I love eggplant and it was perfectly cooked.  It was a delicious hot appetizer.
It was the type of restaurant that I would go back to if someone else suggested it, but not one that I would want to go back to by ourselves.
And that's all I have to say about La ScalaVery good food at reasonable prices. Ambiance is nice and very friendly staff. Great stop, especially during restaurant week! Nice deal!I visited La Scala with a party of 10 at around 4pm on a Saturday. I had made reservations 5 days prior. When we arrived only half our party was present and the hostess still sat us at our table; unusual for a busy center city restaurant. The staff was very friendly and our waiter was extremely nice. The atmosphere is a mix of classic with a twist of modern decor. The attire is business casual. The appetizers to try are the sausage and peppers, the stuffed mushrooms , and the baked tomato caprese. The dinner favorites were the grilled pork chops; they were a bit spicy. Also the rigatoni vodka, wild mushroom risotto, the seafood fra diavolo,  and the baked parmesan tilapia. The homemade tiramisu, creme brûlée and cannoli were all great choices for dessert.   Overall, the food was good, but pricey. La Scala offers free parking. The parking is located above the restaurant. This was especially welcomed since the temperature was 23 degrees. They provided us with a free parking voucher at the end of the meal.I was routing for LaScala's before I even arrived, thinking it the perfect spot to have lunch with an out of town cp-worker.  It's close (which was its main draw) and Italian (who doesn't like Italian food?); yes, LaScala's seemed like the "safe" choice.  The decor is fine.  However, with the restaurant barely at capacity, we were originally sat at a wobbly table near the kitchen.  When we asked to move to another location, the hostess looked at me like I had suddenly sprouted some uncontrollable boil smack in the middle of my forehead, uttering, "Uh, okay."  Seated at our new table, I barely had 10 seconds to review the menu before we were prompted to order.  Folks, order...or you'll be waiting 10 - 15 minutes until the server comes back again.  We started with the caesar salad and calamari.  Both were decent in taste and portion size.  Our main courses came just as quickly, with one very big exception.  The server put in my entree as raviolis, not veal parmesan with angel hair.  I waited another 15 - 20 minutes for my food.  By the time my food arrived (sans angel hair, just regular spaghetti noodles), my fellow diners were more than half way through their food.  My entree did not blow me away by any means.  The sauce didn't take my breath away (good or bad) either.  On the plus side, the server was extremely apologetic and nice.  Being in the service business myself through a better part of college, I can empathize with minor mishaps (we're all human).  At the end of the day, I probably won't return....unless someone else is footing the bill!Enjoyed dinner with the wife here on June 30, 2011.  Excellent Italian dinner with generous portions.  I can see why the locals love it so much.  Relaxed but semi-upscale atmosphere, excellent food and great location.We had a last-minute dinner here on New Year's Eve and overall enjoyed the experience.  The service was very good.  We had a reservation and were seated promptly.  Our server was pleasant and attentive.  The food came out quickly (we had a bottle of wine, an appetizer, and entrees) and the spacing between each item was acceptable.  The menu had a nice selection and the specials had prices listed -- yay for that, even though I didn't end up choosing one of those.
My downsides are that the food was just okay.  I had the grilled hanger steak with mushrooms, onions and peppers and while I had requested medium, I think it was a bit overdone and tough.  I don't know much about that particular cut of meat, so perhaps I should have gone more rare (or perhaps it would have been okay if they had cooked it per my order).  It was tasty as far as flavors go otherwise.  My friends and I were also a little peeved at the appetizer.  Honestly, I can't remember what it was and it was good as far as taste goes, but there were three.  And there were four of us.  I think the server should have suggested that we order two appetizers, or talked the kitchen into giving us a fourth serving.  Three is always awkward -- if it's a couple or two couples, someone always either gets the shaft or seems like the aggressive appetizer eater.  Restaurants -- give us even numbers of appetizers!  Three is not that cute!
I might go back if I were in the neighborhood but I wouldn't go out of my way to visit again.Friendly service topped with great tasting food. Big portions of pasta dishes. Plenty to share.LaScala is consistently good home style Italian. The chopped salad is great for low carb seekers.Food was great, good authentic Italian food... For drinks you must try the lemoncello martini, it's one of the best drinks i've had in a long time.We went to LaScala's for the first time last night for dinner.  They have a very nice ambiance and the hostess was pleasant - she seated us 20 minutes early for our reservation with no problem.  Unfortunately, we were seated right underneath a speaker where the stereotypical Italian restaurant music was blasting.  We asked the hostess twice and the waitress once to have it turned down, and were ready to walk out the door when it was finally done.  
The food was good, not great.  I had the chopped La Scala salad which was very nice, and the gnocchi with mozzarella, basil and tomato sauce.  The entree was very salty, but would have been 5 stars if it hadn't been for that.  They got the escarole soup and beet and goat cheese salad for appetizers, and lamb chops and pasta with pesto for the entrees.  The lamb was delicious, but the pesto was awful - it didn't taste like pesto, but instead a cream sauce that had some basil flakes added to it.  Our wine, for $50, was pretty bad as well. 
Overall, the place has potential, but unfortunately for the price the food fell a little short in our book.The restaurant week menu was ok but they were out of most of the items on the list. The bread served at the table was cold. The service was mediocre. They are not accommodating for their short comings as far as the menu is concerned.If you are looking for a good pizza, this is the place. The kicken runs a bit slow, but its pizza pies and seafood pasta were pretty good. Not so much of unique..or special..  Service if ok, too.the pre-made pizzas never look quite appetizing enough to try. 
a made-to-order calzone took forEVER and was not cheap, but it was indeed tasty.  
service is gruff, but i don't really care so long as my calzone is good.Ehhhh so underwhelming.
I work close to this spot and since it had been over a year since my last visit, I decided to try it today for lunch.
I originally ordered the pappardelle with prosciutto and peas. I remembered their pastas being really yummy so I made the decision quickly.
Once it arrived, there was no prosciutto, there were chunks of red onion everywhere and the sauce was bland. It was so bad that I actually asked for a different dish altogether because I couldn't get myself to eat it.
I ordered the penne vodka, which was the dish I ordered in the past that left me the memory of good pasta at this restaurant.... well, that turned into a disappointment as well. There were chunks of what I think was prosciutto in it, which really shouldn't be in a vodka sauce, and the meal overall was just OK.
I am in no rush to come back here any time soon. It's such a shame though, because my memories of it were much more positive. I wonder if the chef changed?I came here for dinner with my girlfriend on Valentine's Day.  I thought the service was outstanding.  I liked the decor of the restaurant, and the food was great.  We started off with a bottle of wine and the fried calamari, which was easily the best calamari I've ever had.  I would definitely recommend that as an appetizer.  For dinner we got Chicken Parmesan and Rigatoni Vodka, which is nothing adventurous, but both meals were great.  The portions were also big enough for each of us to have leftovers for the next night.  I definitely left here a fan of this place.  The only reason it loses a star is because the food is a little overpriced.Nice! Haven't had E. Coast Italian before and I liked it. The pizza was really good, very addictive. The sausage on it was to die for. The meatballs on it weren't that great but they were edible... The meatballs tasted like only sugar and cumin. 
My friend had the pasta which I posted. We though it was amusing that it looks like maggots. I really liked it though. It was different than any other pasta I've tasted (probably better and more "legit", ha ha... LA has terrible food). The taste of the wheat was more pronounced and the pasta was a bit chewier and bready, though pleasantly so. I wish it had a bit more sauce but I liked it.I do happy hour here pretty regularly. It's near work and there is outdoor seating, a key element for this time of the year. There's good people watching and most of the wait staff is pretty good. Shout out to Armando--you rock!! He was my server last night and was good enough that I'll be remembering to ask for him next time. That's a first. 
The happy hour prices are very reasonable, as long as you aren't too picky about what you're drinking. It's pretty much Coors Light, Yuengling, House Wine etc. but it's do-able. I prefer something a little more original.
SO, their White Sangria is fabulous if you are picking something off of the regular drink menu. Food-wise the Risotto Balls are a decent option off of the HH menu and I enjoy the Margherita Pizza as well.Absolutely delicious!!! The bread and the dipping sauce were so yummy. I ordered the caprese appetizer, and I love that the tomatoes and cheese were placed on top of bread! My boyfriend ordered the cheese pizza, and it was the perfect mix of sauce and cheese! I would definitely come here again!Food looks beautiful but not a lot of taste. Good house Malbec $7.Been going here twice a week for a year now - food is yummy yummy yummy, got to try the spicy tunaLocation was perfect, service was superb (early before the rush), very reasonably priced wine list, good food. 
You pay for the location for the food, but our food was very good and very large portions. Nothing spectacular or surprising but good what you expect Italian.While staying with my father at Jefferson Hospital, I went to lascala's two nights in a row.  I am very familiar with this restaurant since Pronto is minutes from my home and have visited Chestnut St numerous times. I had the same meal both nights. For reference, I had the pappardelle sausage bolognese.  The first night was fantastic. A generous portion of sauce and sausage with the pasta. The second night I had a big bowl of noodles with some sauce. I had told the bartender that, although the taste is great, there was no meat in the dish. Consequently, I asked for more meat. 30 to 40 minutes later I got slices of sausage in a bowl and not bolognese. At that point in time my pasta was cold. I just got the check and left. I was very disappointed after the meal I had the night before.Great food for restaurant week.  Had the salmon, very fresh and the filet. Luigi great service!The food was amazing and the service was great....I would recommend  this restaurant to anybody.  I am a very picky eater especially when I'm out. I'm big one service, I'm big on good food so it's a big deal when I walk into a restaurant and don't have 1 complaint from the time I walk in the door from the time I walk out the door and the prices were not  BedTon of food.  Solid quality.  Average wait time for lunch.  No complaints.LaScala's sings old world Italian.
As usual I'll start with service.
Attentive, engaging and efficient, but some work to do. Enough said?
What makes a restaurant is the menu. Agreed?
For starters, we ordered the broccoli rabe and the eggplant capanata.  It's unusual to describe both in the same way, yet the words "tender" and "flavorful" come to mind. As we were consumed them, we had to stop at one point and ask "are we leaving room for dinner?" That's how good they were.
As for dinner, we were served papperdelle noodles with sausage and bolognese and seafood fraDiavolo. So, I should start with how we finished. Taking half of the dishes home. The portions are huge, and by no means a reflections on flavor. It was true italian in every sense. Might I add my girlfriend is Sicilian (a bit of an expert on the matter). So knowing Italian cuisine, I would say LaScala hits the mark from a taste perspective.
Where a little coaching is needed is in the service area. The server was immature in his approach and presentation. His knowledge of the menu was limited and did not present the best of what LaScala has to offer. It was not bad, by any means, just lacking in enthusiasm.
One certain annoyance is the televisions in the bar area. I believe a restaurant should be exclusive to food, service and atmosphere. Hearing the silly World Series game announcers was simply not a welcomed audible. Why would you have this?
If you venture downtown Philadelphia, especially the Olde City area, I think LaScala is worth the try. 
I'll finish telling you we took half our entree's home (huge portions). We gleefully heated them up the next day for lunch and dug in. Smiles ensued.
IF YOU ENJOYED MY REVIEW, PLEASE RATE IT AND SEND ME A COMMENT!Delicious delicious delicious! I ordered the rigatoni vodka and the flavor was simply delicious. My fiancé ordered the lasagna. Only bummer  was no salad or bread before meal?????Table for eight - with 4 kids under 12.... All plates eaten clean. Tasty Caesar salad and very good chicken parm. 3 of us had ravioli.  All were pleased. Well done.Totally Impressed! Went during Restaurant Week so I was expecting smaller portions and not as impeccable service as you would get on a normal paying evening. However, I was wrong. Our server was incredibly attentive, constantly checking on our large group (ended up tipping more than the already included gratuity). For appetizers, the prosciutto wrapped artichokes were the best I've ever had, and my girlfriend's tomato and mozzarella caprese was exceptional. 
For our main entree the salmon over spinach and potatoes was fantastic- fish was cooked perfectly and the accented vegetables went well with the salmon. The gnocchi was always class! Portions were huge- our friend's veal parm was enormous and also delicious!
The cannoli was just ok, but the sundae on the restaurant week menu was delicious. Paired with good coffee and complimentary limoncello (a bit too strong but it was complimentary) it was a great way to end the meal. 
Would definitely recommend! They even comp your parking!I work a few blocks away and eat at LaScala's a few times per month. The food is very solid, not gourmet, but solid, especially for a work lunch or to meet with friends after work. Chicken Parm sandwich is my favorite and their Pizza is very good as well. The interior is clean, well lit, lots of windows and TVs for sporting events. Bar is small but has a nice layout. Best of all is the service. Kelly (manager) is flat out amazing. She is always super friendly and goes way above and beyond every time I come in. Thanks Kelly...keep up the great service.Dropped in this evening for a dinner while on an extended layover - recommended by hotel concierge. Kindly greeted by the host. Upon sitting down water was place on table and I ordered a wine. The waiter never explained the evening specials nor did he ever return to my table to ask if everything is okay. I asked another waiter for more bread and fresh Parmesan... I'm sitting in the restaurant....still waiting. I will be sure never to advise colleagues to come to this establishment.LaScala's is safe.  The food is reliable.  The portions are pretty large.  My chicken parm sandwich was good.  The salad was good.  My co-workers all had decent food--pizza, sandwiches, seafood.  Note on the lasagna: if you order it with meat, you get veggie lasagna with meatsauce poured over it.
Our server wasn't that interested in selling food.  We asked about desserts.  We asked what "chocolate overload" cake was.  He said, "chocolate cake."  Thanks, dude.  It was quite rich, with mousse and thick frosting and choc. chips.  But I think it was shipped to them frozen.  
In all: meh.  If you don't want to think about your meal and want to please a group, hit LaScala's.  If you want adventure, go elsewhere.Decent if youre into gluttonous food. Everything was covered in an insane amount of cheese, and ingredients/cooking is mediocre at best. Much better restaurants nearby.I am a sucker for good Italian. I happened upon this place by accident. I was checking out Independence Hall and LaScala's is just down the street. Some of the best Italian I've ever had. Yay for happy accidents.So obviously this review is for the Comcast Market location of Lascala's. I have not been to the original / main location yet.
The pizza at Lascala's is really great! There is a lot of variety and some great veggie-only pies. Some (maybe all?) of their pizzas have whole wheat crust. 
Downside is that they are expensive! I know, most of the food in Comcast Market is pricey...but $3.50 for a slice of mushroom? Seems a bit much no? Still....Great lunchtime pizza for the desk jockeys of center city!We had 12 for dinner. All enjoyed themselves. Good service. Chose this because right near Independence Mall for a quick sightsee, then dinner, with a return to hotels. Relatively safe walk back.
Order the Pork Loin, Lasagna, Pasta w/vodka sauce, and sit back. Calimari were good, so were many appetizers--didn't like the salads, too much dressing. Good happy-hour prices too.
Liked the deserts as well. $57 pp, w/drinks and tip.this restaurant is so good! the lighting is just right, not too dark, not too bright. service was awesome, food is delicious!! I would def recommend it!Well I have only lived in Philly for a few weeks, plus a couple trips.  But I have eaten here twice.  Both times its been excellent.  I just love italian and this place really it does it right, modern italian american cuisine and gorgeous atmosphere.  It looks upscale and the waiters are very classy but you can be really casual.  Employees were helpful with directions and questions about the area.  Our waiter was down right charming I would have asked for his number but I think he was too old for me.  Reallly yummy veal and pasta.  I doubt you could go wrong with anything on the menu.  Watch out for nightly specials though they are stellar but quite pricy.  Best coffe I have ever had at a restaurant.  You can just walk up to this place on a weeknight and be seated right away.  Great for taking a relaxing evening and eating a ton of really delicious food I mean realllly good and well prepared not heavy or oily or cheap.  Good bread too and as much as you want!  And the waiters actually get you refills snappy like, good olive oil on the table really fresh and light.  Although when we went the second time I did overhear a very upset man who said his steak was soo tough and terrible, after he ate the whole thing.  They gave him a free dessert that looked craaazy good.  Now I'm hungry for La Scala's mmm.  Also free parking directly above the restaurant so you never have to search for a spot.We had our senior graduation dinner here and it went well.  A large group in the private dining area with a fixed menu.  I was told the price was reasonable.  The big benefit of the restaurant was having a parking garage attached with validated parking.
The service was a average, some of the staff seemed confused about some of the dishes and who was getting what leading to some delays.
The food was average, pretty good for quick service and a fixed menu.  But I did expect better given it's location.  The general menu is probably more daring and innovative then the fixed menu I sampled.
I will note that the rigatoni appetizer with a tomato sauce was well made and was the highlight.  The rigatoni was firm and al dente with a thick rich sauce with a good depth of flavor.  The remainder of the meal sort of fades into the background of my memory.My fiance and I absolutely love this place. We went for lunch one day and had the best lunch ever. We started off the meal with an oil dip (amazing). 
Appetizer - Clams in white wine sauce, which was absolutely great especially with the fresh bread they have.
Dinner - Seafood FraDiavlo was superb and very filling, again, ask for more bread for mopping.
The bill was reasonable for lunch. We are very eager to return to this restaurant. This is our new favorite restaurantDespite our reservation, it took over an hour to seat our party of 6.  My grandmother was in a wheelchair.  Once sat, no one took our order for 25 minutes.  The host felt so bad, he came and took our drink order.  And then I watched him get screamed at by his manager for helping us.  My mother ordered mussels; they didn't bring a plate for the shells.  That wasn't completely awful in and of itself, until my mother had the audacity to ask for a plate for the shells.  The server reprimanded her for asking for a place to put the shells and told her that's not how mussels are served - anywhere.  According to the server there is never a separate plate served with mussels for the empty shells.  Ummm ok.  To make up for our several hour terrible dining experience, they didn't discount our check but rather gave us a gift card to come back.  We told them under no uncertain circumstances would we ever return to this place.  It looked nice but the food was alright and the service was down right offensive.  There are such amazing restaurants in Philadelphia.  This is not one of them.We dined here upon recommendation from our hotel, which is only two blocks from LaScala. We arrived shortly after 5PM and were seated promptly at a nice window seat. My wife and I both ordered cocktails, the trio meatball appetizer, we shared a Caesar, she had the scallop risotto special and I had the chicken San Remo. 
Overall an outstanding meal and service (Joey). 
I recommend this establishment. It does get busy so if you plan on arriving at the dinner hour, make a reservation.I went there on Friday night for my birthday celebration. While we did have to wait 45 mins for our table to be ready even with a reservation, the staff totally made up for it. The awesome bartender gave my friends and I a round of drinks for free due to the long wait. He also gave me another free drink for my birthday. The waiter was quick and friendly. The food was DELICIOUS and portions were huge. The bartender came back over and gave us a free bottle of champagne to celebrate. The staff went above and beyond. My friends and I were very grateful. I would definitely go back there again!We had a large party here on a Sunday evening back in May.  The appetizers were great, good selection.  The entrees were delicious, I think one of everything was probably ordered at our table!  Service was attentive and efficient.horrible experience. we had 20 ppl for lunch, and we were told we could have a 3 course deal for $17 since we had a large group. but when our bill came it was a different story. all the sudden the mgr was telling us we "didn't give them enough time" (we only called an hr ahead - fine, but they shouldn't have given us false promises) so it was crazy overpriced and they treated us like we had unconvinced them instead of thanking us for our business. Never going back.I fell upon this place as i was walking around the Philly area with a friend. We were craving some Italian and it just so happened we found LaScala's!
We got the calamari to share (surprise surprise) and I got the rigatoni ala vodka (with spaghetti instead of rigatoni- hehe). I would say that it was OK.
Nothing too special. In fact, the calamari had a very fishy taste to it, which was a little unappetizing. The pasta was also just OK. 
I would say this place is a little pricey for what you get, but not too overpriced. The ambiance is nice the service is OK, but not great. 
I would say nothing too spectacular and I definitely will not be returning. With all the great food in Philly, you need to be amazing!!!!Lascalas is a great restaurant in a prime location in philly. It was a classy scene that was both family friendly and great for a group of friends. We got seated in a booth next to the window, which was really nice for people watching and enjoying the hustle of the city.
Our waiter was extremely friendly and never rushed us. He came immediately with fresh baked steaming bread and a delicious garlic infused butter oil that was amazing! Probably my favorite part of the night. 
We started with the caprese toast and arugula salad. The caprese tasted fresh, the salad however was slightly disappointing. It tasted bitter and bland at the same time and the dressing just did not highlight the dish. 
For dinner, we split the gnocchi and eggplant ricotta pizza. Both were amazing! The gnocchi was cooked well and the pizza had the perfect combination of flavors.
We ended with homemade tiramisu which was DEVINE!!!! We probably finished it in two minutes. So addicting and so gooooood - you have to order this if nothing else!
Overall, the location, size, menu options, and friendly environment made this restaurant a great night out. 4/5While touring the historic sites it was time for lunch and just happened on this place.  Glad we did as the food was wonderful.  My son had the Gnocchi with mozzarella, tomato and basil and I had the Spicy Tuna.  No need for anything else, large portions and reasonable prices.  If you are in the area this is definitely a must.Came here for a family dinner weekend of St Patty's Day. It wasn't too busy. We got a booth. Our waiter was kinda slow. Took awhile to get our drinks. The food was pretty good. We ordered the calm linguini and lamb Marsala and pizza for the kids. My cocktail which was the Spritz was alright. I will try this place again but I think we just came in the wrong night cause I felt like service could of been so much better. We had to ask the bartender to get our check. The service was just so lacking.I'd like to dedicate my first Yelp review to the yelp elite.....Emmett M.
My first experience at LaScala's was a very pleasant one.  I was attending a birthday dinner for 25 people.  So I was limited to a preselected menu but everything they brought us was absolutely delicious. 
We were seated in a room off of the main dinning area and even though there were a few different tables, it still seemed like I could conversate with everyone easily.  They had a great wine selection, and another benefit was that on Tuesday nights they have half priced bottles for preselected wines.  A definite plus.
There were 2 servers for our party, they did fantastic.  We had the choice of filet mignon, popsicle lamb chops, and chicken marsala.  Me personally I shared a filet and the lamb chops.  After we all placed our orders, the appetizers just began to flow.  Calamari, stuffed long hots, sausage and peppers, and a house salad with vinaigrette.  Then came the entrees, both the filet and lamb chop popsicle were amazing, they were both served with asparagus and potatoes in various forms (mashed and diced). 
Finally dessert, tiramasu, which everyone seemed to enjoy.  I unfortunately can't stand it for some reason.  However, the servers were nice enough to bring a chocolate chip cannoli.....one of the best I've ever had.   Overall, I would definitely like to dine there again to experience their full menu.A close friend and I visited LaScala's for restaurant week. Upon entry, I was pleasantly surprised by the restaurant's decor as I was not sure what I was walking into. The hostess who greeted me was very nice and got me seated right away. Once my friend arrived, I ordered the red sangria which was very good and she ordered the chicken san remo which was absolutely delicious. Now for the negative part of our dinner: our server was pretty rude. Throughout our dinner, he never came to check up on us, only to drop the next part of the meal. It was as if he didn't want to be bothered with us! We were very turned off by his demeanor. I won't say that I'll never come back here, but I will definitely steer clear of that specific server and his nasty attitude.This place is great for lunch, happy hour and dinner! I believe they have the best happy hour in the city! Prices are beyond low for the quality of food they serve. One martini will have you feeling great! Only $7 during happy hour! You can enjoy some of their best appetizers for 1/2 off! This is insane to me. Most happy hours give you the things people don't really buy regularly but NOT LaScalas!! Also they happy hour is between 4-7! 3 whole hours!! I know I'm emphasizing on the HAPPY HOUR, but that's because I feel you get more than your money pays for during that time! I have been for lunch and dinner and the food was still worth every penny!!!!!We came here for lunch and it was a little disappointing. We ordered the carafe for $24. Our waiter said it was a closer to a half carafe and he was absolutely right. It had barely more than 2 glasses in it which is kind of absurd. I got the cedar salad for lunch and it also left something to be desired. The Cesar dressing wasn't very creamy and the croutons were hard, like hurt your teeth a little hard. My wife got the LaScala's favourite which was actually pretty decent and their old bay fries were tasty. They had just a slight hint of old bay which I think was a great idea. Overall I'd say this place is a little pricey for the quality of the food they serve. Our waiter was friendly though, which greatly helped the situationLines move fast so that may be part of the problem is the rush to move people. 
Ordered slice of meatball and Buffalo Chicken gut it in about 5 min or less. 
Pizza was Luke warm meats were dried out like it was made yesterday. 
The blue cheese on the buffalo was nasty couldn't even finish it. 
Aside from the quick service wasn't happy with the food. Plenty of other options in this food court that look better then this. I have food regret and wish I had gone with my second choice.  If I had to give advice don't make so many pizzas in advance you can see them stacked up and cold. I would have waited longer for a fresher pizza.This place has by far some of the best red sauces I've ever had. Each visit I get the tagliatelle with the bolognese and each time I am impressed. The pizza is also good if you just want something light. The location is very convenient if you are doing the touristy things like independence hall. I would give it another star if the service had ever been memorable. Each visit it seems harder and harder to get a refill for the drinks...but the food still stands out to me.I've always wanted to try it her so the hubby surprised me with dinner before a concert on Saturday. Half of the restaurant was dim and candlelit and a bit crowded but kind of romantic. Where we sat was in the back room with bigger parties and a bit more space.there were some kids there which was nice to see because it makes me feel more comfortable bringing  our baby along next time! I wasn't really in the mood for a huge pasta dish so I ordered a caesar salad, which was huge and delish and crab chips. The crab chips are my new pregnant obsession!! They were perfectly thin crisp sluiced potatoes topped with yummy jumbo lump crab meat, old bay seasoning, and provolone cheese. Think Chickies crab fries but classier ( ha ha) with crab on top!!  I had them put the long hots on the side and no bacon. Even though I only had apps, I was still unable to finish as the portions were good sized. My husband had baked eggplant for an appetizer which was also very good. Im pretty picky with eggplant but this was great! He ordered ricotta tortellini, which he asked to come without parsley. Not only was it brought out with parsley but it was in the sauce and inside with the cheese in the pasta itself. He returned it to the waiter and at that point we were pretty stuffed and wanted to leave room for the yummy dessert we found not to mention we had tickets and didn't want to wait for a new meal to be cooked. Kind of upset with the waiter as he should've known what was in the meal, found out, or when he actually saw it filled with greens, returned it. Worse than the waiter was the manager who earlier during appetizers came to see how everything was and we said great. Problem was his response to us returning the uneaten meal was to have the waiter tell us that he had asked us if everything was ok and we should've told him them. Ok buddy, not only as a manager YOU should've come to the table when there was a problem but you asked us before we got our meals. Finally, we saw him again and I explained what had happened. He kept questioning by husbands allergy asking for a specific name and accusing him of eating my "green" long hots from my meal. He followed that rudeness with him saying that he would take off our dessert (choc chip cheesecake which was awesome). We explained the dessert wasn't the issue and his meal wasnt even touched. He continued to try to take of the dessert! Finally, we got our way. Geez!  We were appalled at how rude he was and what bad business that was. Luckily, it takes a lot for my laid back husband to get mad but it pissed me off. The food that we did have was great and we will be going back but it could've been a better experience if it wasn't for the cocky manager. My husband reminded me that nothing was going to ruin our night! All and all, he was right but, the manager still needs to be called out, wish I got his name. We will be going back perhaps with our lil girl and when we can sit outside on a nice day. I am obsessed with those crab chips...., pregnancy heaven.I found this restaurant when I visited the Philadelphia History Museum. I was interested primarily in the food, though I also appreciated the pleasant ambience and the attentive service. There's plenty of room between the tables and between the booths, and it's not noisy. My luncheon selection -- a Jumbo Lump Crab Cake, served with roasted potato wedges and grilled vegetables -- was first-class, on a par with what I've had at some good seafood restaurants. When I found out about the banana nut bread pudding with vanilla ice cream, I decided I had to have dessert and coffee as well, and, again, I was not disappointed!I don't know why anyone would say anything bad about this place. It's well priced, there's friendly service and the food is good too.
Bonus: Free parking and they give a discount to Walnut Street Theatre Members.For what it is, it's very good.  Simple and familiar Italian favorites with a contemporary twist.Nope. Nope. Nope. The dessert was alright...I had the bread pudding. Just got spaghetti and meatballs. Simple dish..yet they didn't do it right. Oh well. Caveat..I am not much of an Italian food fan unless its really really really good.My husband and I went here for restaurant week. You can never go wrong dining here. The ambiance was perfect, the hostess was attentive and polite with superb customer service. All of the courses were served hot and in time. The food was delicious. I had the steamed clams, lobster ravioli and the lemon cake. I will continue to dine here. This is one of my favorite restaurantsA great place to get a salad, pizza or (rich and tasty) pasta for lunch.  Kinda pricey - but the portions (of pasta anyhow) are big.  I can eat half for lunch and the rest later. (dinner!!!)
I have been there now a bunch of times - many for lunch (and it is usually hoppin') and another time for a quick dinner. (They close at 7 PM.)
Both times I had pasta dishes - but my husband had pizza (he said it was good but not great.) and a friend had a salad that he LOVED.
I really enjoyed my fresh fettuccine dish and a was able to substitute marinara for the usual rich cream sauce.
The cashier was freiendly even though she was slammed with customers, and my order was processed relatively quickly.
I'll return.My friend and I are regulars here for lunch. We love their salads. I'm a big fan of the Caesar salad and the Arugula salad. My friend a big fan of the Mista. We ask them to add fried calamari to our salads and they always oblige. We've also enjoyed their pizzas. The waiters are all so nice. We get great service there. Kudos to them for their consistency in food, service, and cleanliness.In the past I have had amazing food, so I decided to grab a bite here tonight.  There was no wait for a table and I asked to sit a high top, which the hostess was quick to oblige.  After 8 minutes sitting and waiting and after someone else was seated and waited on I was finally given a menu.  Even though I knew what I wanted to eat when I walked in, I figured I should go somewhere that wanted my business.Good prices, decent size portion, ok tasting food, but be prepared to wait!
Ordered the special chicken parm with spaghetti and it took FOREVER to come out! I felt like they needed to boil the pasta or something, like it was still raw. Pasta didn't come out al dente like it should, but the flavoring was good.
Will I be back?? Sure! Esp when it's freezing and or raining, it'll be a trip through the undergrounds for me. :-)I've had much better. The pasta dish I had was dry and overdone. Open a can of Chef-Boy-R-Dee and you will have something better.