Laurel was soooooooo good...like, really good. But was it $600 for two, good? Probably not. Wait, maybe? The amount of truffles they shaved over the gnocchi was redunkulous. I think we ate a whole nugget alone (Not really, but close). So, yes, it was worth it. But, I will say, after traveling around the world and paying for many high-dollar meals (Which $600 may not qualify for?), Laurel just doesn't really stand out to me [other than the truffles]. If you have cash to burn - GO! If not, save your money and splurge elsewhere (I really can't recommend anywhere in Philly in the 'BLOW YOUR MIND, BEST MEAL I'VE EVER HAD' category, though tons of perfectly cooked meals for significantly less).
Enjoy!The best meal I've had in Philadelphia! The food was SO delicious and the service was top notch. We had the 7 course tasting menu and every single dish was 5/5 stars!  I didn't think that was possible until I dined here. I especially loved the albacore tuna,  the torn scallop, the ricotta gnocchi, and the pudding with puffed grains.  We love it here so much, we plan on coming every season to try new dishes!Ambiance is quant.  Service is top notch.  Food is creative and well presented.  Prices are appropriate for quality of food.  Most importantly, the food is delicious.
I recommend the gnocchi, which I ordered without panceta.  The Walu was also amazing.  The chocolate pudding was surprisingly light.
Big tip - BYOB!  This is a huge plus of you want to avoid corkage (I dont think they charge).
Also I called and got in the next week.  I know they book out, so check their Twitter or call.
Well worth it.  Very romantic.  Perfect for a date night or any other sort of gathering.Laurel is no longer a newcomer, but still going strong.  Chef Elmi continues to turn out French inspired dishes that are uber-creative without being over the top.  Yes, the food is post-modern, but not to the extreme, fussed, but not overly so, and the portion sizes are what you'd expect from a 7 course tasting...somewhere between small and medium-small.  Ingredients are fresh beyond compare, presentation is outstanding, service is attentive without being overbearing, and the flavor combinations are unique and work exceedingly well.  The wine list is very small, only a handful of options.  The overall experience at this very small East Passyunk restaurant is outstanding, and worth the trouble in getting a reservation, and paying the $85 pre fixe.  Reservations do appear to be a bit easier than they have been in the past, but don't let that fool you into thinking the food is any less fantastic than it has been.Okay people, this place is worth the hype and the $$$$. After watching Chef Elmi compete on Top Chef like a champ, I knew I had to quickly make a reservation to support my Philadelphia rising star chef's new restaurant. It's a good thing I did, because Laurel is now booked up for basically the next 3-4 months.
My favorite dishes of the night were the scallop crudo (which came with an incredible apple and cucumber consumme), the roasted shrimp and mushroom soup, the pork with a chestnut puree, and the complex sweet and sour dessert of white chocolate pudding with cocoa nibs and quince. Every single dish we had was thought-provoking and so exciting. I think that was my favorite part. Although we knew what the ingredients of each course were, we still had no idea what to expect when it came to the flavor. Chef Elmi kept us on our toes the entire time.
The restaurant is also BYOB and the pricing is comparable to many restaurants in the city. The portions are also fair and we left feeling satisfied and happy.
I'm sorry to talk it up because you won't be able to get into Laurel anytime soon. This Top Chef winner knows what he is doing!I'm looking at the reviews here, and I can't make sense out of what I'm seeing. Either (i) I don't realize what an unsophisticated rube I am, (ii) people are afraid to give a fancy, high-profile place a low-star review, or (iii) Yelp is a scam and Laurel pays them a bunch of money to keep low-star reviews out. Laurel is, at best, unremarkable, except for the prices, for which Laurel has managed to set a new standard in Philadelphia. Dollar-for-ounce, it's by far the most expensive place in the city. 
'Fois gras' always sounds good when it rolls off waitresses' lips, and it tastes even more decadent than it sounds. But when you say it, there should actually be some fois gras in the dish -- at least enough to taste it. All I tasted was the most expensive granola I've ever had; I prefer some of the granola in those containers at Whole Foods.
The one dish I did think was excellent was the gnocchi, which I gather is their famous dish. It was good, but I feel like I'm paying for its fame at an additional $55. I notice other reviews discussing it only months ago for $20, $40, $45. No matter how good it is, I don't think it'll be worth it in a year from now when it's $125.
Many reviewers note the tiny portions. They are, to be sure, miniscule, but I actually don't mind that, so long as the taste is a knockout. Here, we received eight dishes -- one (the gnocchi) was excellent, one (the Burgundy snail dish) was very good, and six literally made us laugh at ourselves for voluntarily being robbed of $300. That's $300 -- at a BYO. Remarkable.Food for the most part was very very good. Small portions of course but many plates. It's about taste so law of diminishing returns applies , no more than 3 bites of each plate. 
Service was great. Only thing about the service I found odd. The owner served and explained some of the dishes. He seemed pissed off to be there . Unhappy. You couldn't hear a damn thing out of his mouth that he was explaining. I asked twice still couldn't hear. Neither could my wife and she has bionic hearing. 
Good to go for special occasions.I can say that the the 4 month advance reservations were well anticipated but were definitely not worth the wait. After dealing with the pretentious waitress who I'm sure I'll C next Tuesday on South St. Being rude to people and making them feel less then with the tip money from my $900.00 dinner eating a cheesesteak at Jim's or enjoying a margarita at Manny Browns! Save your money!! Better service at the Melrose!!!Now I know what all of the hype is about!
I luckily secured a spot for two last Wednesday night after seeing them tweet about cancellations on their twitter page. I booked a reservation at 6:30 on Open Table and then called to confirm the reservation. I wanted to do something special for my boyfriend as his graduation was that Thursday, so it worked out perfectly. 
We arrived with champagne and beer, and the hostess immediately took it in the back to chill. We were then seated and our waitress came over, poured us a glass of champagne and described how the menu worked. Not long after, we were served our first course.
Course 1: Uni
This dish was a perfect starter course. It was a small bite of food but still was very, very good.
Course 2: Mackerel
What made this dish for me was the horseradish ice. It was a perfect balance between the texture of the raw mackerel and the spicy/sweet taste of the green apple. Yum.
Course 3: Escargot
As it was escargot week, they of course needed to serve a dish with a focus on snails (which worried me a bit as I am not a huge fan). I was pleasantly surprised! The textures/taste was right on point. 
Course 4: Gnocchi
The gnocchi was a ricotta base and served with a stinging-nettle sauce. It was perfection.
Course 5: Walu 
This fish was impeccably cooked- crisp on the outside and flaky and buttery throughout. It was served with a rhubarb puree that tied the whole thing together.
Course 6: Veal
This course was my least favorite. Overall, the veal was very tender and the vegetables were cooked well, but it lacked the special ingredient that I felt was present in the other courses. 
Course 7: Caramelized White Chocolate Pudding
This was an AMAZING dessert. The pudding had a fantastic texture, and the granola-like topping was the perfect contrast.
The food was amazing, but what really made this place a winner in my book (and worthy of the best restaurant in Philly award) was the service. From start to finish we felt that we were being taken care of and treated as if we were the only customers in the restaurant. I will never forget this experience and I cannot wait to come back!!hands down, the best restaurant in Philly. I've been twice now and both times it was impeccable. Beautiful textures, colors, flavors. Portions are the perfect size and you always leave feeling satisfied but not TOO full. Service is very good and the vibe is not stuffy, which is always appreciated. Affordable too considering how wonderful it is. Menu additions can get pricey, but have been worth it in my opinion.
My only complaint was that we ordered the gnocchi and found a hair in it. This would normally gross me out but I know that this was probably a really rare fluke considering how great this place is.
Everyone in Philly who considers themselves a foodie needs to go to Laurel ASAPExcellent food, great setting and service to match. The food not only tastes good and fills you up but it's also presented extremely well. 
I would definitely recommend!You know you have good friends when they predict the winner of Top Chef early, secure a reservation and include you on said reservation.  Don't be jealous because your friends didn't think to do the same.  I heard they'll be opening up their reservations for June soon.  It's not thaaaat far away (gloats obnoxiously).
But seriously, reserve for June.  Those mouthwatering gnocchis, the perfectly cooked walu and the citrus curd dessert* (my top three of the night) are out of this world fantastic.
*You will want to get the pudding because it sounds more amazing.  It is amazing.  But the curd is amazinger (yes, amazinger) and you will feel like a jerk when you end up eating all of the dessert that you didn't choose, while the smarter person who ordered the curd gets shafted despite their excellent decision skills.
There's a reason this 22 seat restaurant made it in the James Beard semifinalist list for best new restaurant (please win, please win... or you Serpico, you are delicious too).  So go see for yourself... in June.When you are here you feel like you are a part of Nick Elmi's family. The food is delish, make sure to get the tasting menu and enjoy every creation that kitchen delivers. The staff is kind, unobtrusive, and clearly loves working there. It is a team effort and you'll feel it. Eat the gnocchi and if you get a chance to see adorable Elmi that's pretty nice icing on the cake as well!  Fabulous place to celebrate!This restaurant was a superb gastronomical experience. Intimate setting, impeccable service, phenomenal ingredients, and exquisite dishes. A true cacophony of flavors that was full of surprises. 
Chef Nick Elmi is likely one of the best chefs in the northeast. He is something to be discovered.Simply Amazing. Simple, yet elegant decor. The service was top notch and the food, everything we ordered, was perfect! The gnocchi, tuna and white chocolate pudding were three favorites, but truly, everything was terrific. Well done Nick!!Top Chef Nicholas Elmi truly knows his craft! An amazing arrangement of flavors and textures to entice every palette!  Another wonderful visit!I'm not usually wowed by restaurants but this place is AMAZING especially if you're into seafood. Their smoked cod was especially good. Service was excellent. Best of all, its a BYOB. I can definitely see why its the hottest restaurant in Philadelphia right now.This was a restaurant I bookmarked on yelp for awhile and finally had a chance to try it.  This was a special occasion since my friend is moving away.  I came in with high expectations; however, I left disappointed.  This was listed as one of the top restaurants by foobooz and considering the difficulty it was to even book a table, I really did look forward to this dinner.  If I could use one word to describe the interior, it's SIMPLE.  The restaurant is also small; however, I hear they are expanding next door.  
So this is a 7 course tasting menu.
1.  Hamachi (lacked flavor)
2.  Cocoa cured Foi gras with grapes (frozen and flaky) - I very much enjoyed this dish
3.  Wild burgundy snails - didn't even know that I ate snails, that's all I can say, not a fan
4.  Seared scallops - meh, it was kind of slimy 
5.  Brown buttered arctic char
6.  Corned pork cheek
7.  Caramelized white chocolate pudding
We also ordered the gnocchi on the side ($20 extra).
Overall, it was a pricey meal for the lack of quality in dishes.  I was not wowed by anyone of the dishes.  The dishes were small in portion; however, they were indeed filling by the time you are done the entire meal.  Oh, presentation of the dishes were kind of lacking as well.  If the dishes are small, they usually present it quite well in appearance but nothing to see here, move it along.  Will I be back?  Likely not, i'll take my hundred beans elsewhere with the many choices available in Philadelphia.Best meal we've had in the city. Will be back again, but probably won't order 1 of each course next time (we were both stuffed!). Definitely worth checking out at least once! Food was delicious, and the balance of flavors on each dish was impeccable. No wonder it's so hard to get a reservation here.Love the decor. The appetizers and seafood were very good. However, the meat dish was very average and the service was extremely mediocre, almost below average. I requested a cup of hot milk and was informed they were UNABLE to produce a glass of hot milk!!! Very disappointing service......After watching game Top Chef this season any judge who said Nick Elmi's food was under salted was crazy.    It was delicious food that was so come but tasted like it was effortless to make.  Each dish was presented beautifully.   The gnocchi were so light and airy I could eat them every night. Each course was better than the next.   
The space is simply decorated and very intimate.   It was a great date spot.   The food was beautiful,  restaurant was intimate,  and it makes you feel like you a part of something bigger.    I can't wait to go back.Incredible food, amazing service. Quaint, quiet, and romantic. Easily the best meal and best experience I've had at a restaurant. There's a reason why it's one of the best restaurants in Philly. My favorite part besides the food? Nick Elmi serves you at least one course. So great to meet the mastermind behind the creativity!For the food, Laurel is a 5 star establishment. As I see many have described in great detail each of the dishes served in the seven course tasting menu. I would have loved to. 
HOWEVER, I couldn't hear a word our server said. After the second time I asked her to repeat herself as I could not hear her, you think she would have caught on that her voice was not being heard. I was sitting nearest her. My wife, against the wall, further from her, and could not hear her, either. So, it wasn't my hearing.
I am not sure if this was a result of a "snootiness" or simply the server's demeanor. But, when Nick,  himself came to the table to describe a course, we couldn't hear him too well, either. 
I will say that the server at the next table seemed to be decibels above our server.
All of this jibber-jabber, is because, what should have been an absolutely heavenly meal and evening, left a sour taste in my mouth. If entry level is $85 a head, and it is a tasting menu, it is not too much to ask that the diners can actually hear the description of the food.  
What say you, Nick?There are barely words to describe what an incredible meal we had at Laurel. Everything from the food to the service to the decor was absolutely perfect. We can't wait to go back!!!Dinner 8/18/18 :
Kasu Cured Kanpachi, Green Peaches, Sea Buckham - 5/10
Braised Burgundy Snail, Polenta, Shitake Mushroom, Truffle, Hominy - 10/10
Poached Maine Mussels, Saffron, Squad, Whey - 8/10
Wild Striped Bass, Pistachio, Beans, Citrus - 6/10
Roasted Lamb, Alliums. Kimchi, Jus - 5/10
Roasted Veal, Fresh and Fermented Radish - 4/10
Bluberry Sorbet, Chocolate Pudding, Champage, Creme Fraiche - 9/10This place has a bunch if 5-star reviews and I am going to add to that. Several things about this place, I think, make it special. First of all, it's small... like 20 ppl small. It makes it nice; not in a snobby, exclusive way, but in a comfortable,  relaxed, "I can sit back and enjoy this" sort-of-way. You get the feel that this is not some major commercial operation, but a group of friends working together to make amazing food in an East Passyunk row house. The chef just happened to be at the door when we walked in and he seated us as if it were no big deal.
Second, it's a "value" at $75 for a 7 course tasting (granted that does not include tax and tip). The cost of me and my girlfriend's meal + tax + tip was less than other tasting menus we've been to with similar quality. Like a lot of places in Philly, it's BYOB, and they did not charge us a corkage fee. 
Finally the food was phenomenal. Yeah it's all local and it's all fresh like a lot of places, but what was excellent was how the flavor of the dishes transcended the ingredients. Things I don't normally like, like scallops and mushrooms, tasted great. Every aspect of every dish tasted unique and delicious. I would gladly go back, especially because the tasting menu rotates.
Overall of you have the opportunity to eat here I would highly recommend it. With so many places in the city belonging to serial restauranteurs (Jose Garces and Steven Starr) chef Elmi has created a truly unique experience. Philadelphia is a city with an amazing restaurant scene, but I think this one takes the cake for me.Oh my goodness!! Ok, so Laurel definitely deserves to be the #1 restaurant in Philly. Key takeaways for when you go : 
1.) it's a BYOB! And of course.. I forgot to grab the wine (ooopps !) but the staff was so nice, they ended up offering us their house wine they had in the back.. My husband ended up enjoying a few glasses. :) 
2.) Chef tasting is a must! It's a magical journey, starting first with the light dishes,  transitioning course by course to the heavier ones. We splurged.. We ended up getting an extra dish added on as well (Risotto with grated black truffle, served by the one and only, top chef).   
3.) What the Duck?! I'm usually not a huge duck fan.. Only because I've had it so many times where it's usually not good.  They served us this duck entree with sunchoke, onion, huckleberry, and coffee.. OH my GOD. I'll never be able to try duck ever again. It was so amazing, it didn't even taste like duck. The skin was so crispy and salty... Words can't describe.
We also had a duck confit cassoulet, served with quail egg, white bean, and onion ash.. (Sounds confusing as all he!!.. I mean, who the heck knows what a cassoulet is?) But this was an example of how the chef can take something you try to picture in your mind what this dish is going to look like.. And you end up completely wrong :) But, this dish was also unique because out of everything we ate, I felt this one had the most "comforting" taste to it. Being able to combine such "unique ingredients," and make it taste like something you never had before... But also encompass a sort of familiarity (if that makes any sense, I also had the same experience recently with the lamb at Zahav). 
4.) And..in conclusion.. Before I babble on too much... The chef is extremely, extremely nice. The staff and servers were on top of their game without making you feel like you're at some snooty place... The restaurant is in a row home. Intimate enough to so you can have a conversation without the table next to you eavesdropping, and comfortable enough, where if you wanted to wear a blazer you could, or stroll in with a flannel shirt and uggs you could as well (such as myself tonight). 
Now go make a reservation. You'll have to wait 2-3 months before you can enjoy this delicious meal. Happy eating.I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at Laurel. Well done creative menu, excellent waitstaff. My only critique is that the portions were little small.The sign of a truly excellent dish is when your last bite is better than your first one.  It doesn't happen that often, and it happened very often when we had the 7 course chef's tasting menu at Laurel.
The standouts were the foie gras, the mackerel, the walu, and both of the desserts.  The gnocchi is very popular, and I thought it was great.  But there were other dishes that were even more spectacular.
Of all the places I've eaten in Philadelphia, this place ranks among the top three.
I love how Chef Elmi comes out and talks to each table too.  If I were a top chef fan, I probably would have gone bonkers.What can i say about Laurel that would describe our experiance there tonite?  The food was excellent, the service suburb, and their attention to detail and knowledge of every ingredient of every course was truly impressive. Christina, our server, was unbelievably gracious and professional .  Would highly recommend this suberb dining experiance.  We will return soon.Had a fantastic meal tonight! Now I can't remember everything we had so I'll just describe a few of the items. The specials were wagyu beef and ricotta gnocchi with shaved truffles,  so after a little back and fourth we decided to get both, they did not disappoint.  The chef shaved what looked like a black snowfall of truffles onto the gnocchi, every gloriously light pillow was covered.  I wanted to clap while he was shaving, hahahaha!  The wagyu slipped down my throat without even chewing it. There was an earlier dish of from what I remember picked foie gras,  it was amazing.  The escargot in this glorious white sauce came with house made bread, which I used to get any of that remaining sauce from the gnocchi  (so uncouth...I didn't care). The duck was excellently prepared and the  fish ( forgot what kind) was meaty and lovely. The panna cotta was a nice light custard with blueberries and mint which all melded together well. And the local cheese was a winner as well.  I made my reservations on Wed for Fri at 545 for 2. You must experience the food!The emperor's new clothes.  Creative, beautiful dishes, most of which haven't much taste. Pleasant atmosphere, very good service, but simply not worth the cost.  A beautifully wrapped, but ultimately mediocre, gift.  And yes, I do know what I'm talking about, I have eaten many meals in renowned restaurants of all levels all around the world for the past four decades.3 months we've waited to come here and WOW was it worth the wait. The food was impeccable. The service was fabulous. I think Christina was our waitress and the way she described the food and the prep made by the chef you could tell how passionate she was about the dishes and the chefs work.  The gnocchi was to die for!! Chef Nicholas Elmi even came out to chat to ensure that we loved our meal. It was hands down the best restaurant experience ever. We already made reservations for our next dining experience. Worth every penny.Interesting coursed menu.  It wasn't what I was expecting but that is a great thing.  Very interesting spin on traditional and unique dishes.  The duck was amazing. The snails were also delicious.  The wine paring was worth it.
The pricing was comparable to other french restaurants in Philadelphia.  I went on a Thursday so I could get sat within the same month.  Would have been almost two months if I wanted to eat there on the weekend.  Still, the reservation wait is better than other places of the same quality.C'mon, let's get real. Portion size small? Let's try miniscule. If you took the first three courses and smashed them on a plate, you still would not have covered the plate. The peaky toe crab dish was a garnish on the side of the plate. Perhaps I am missing the beauty of the plating, I mean it was lovely, a teeny amount of food, with a decorative schmear of a sauce. But this dinner cost me $80.00!   I would like some food. I am a top chef fan, which is why I went, but I wish the other reviewers had been a little more realistic. I would have never gone, had I known what I know now. The service was great, the place is cute, the chef is friendly, but I can't see this restaurant lasting once all the fans visit. I will never return, nor will anybody that was in my party. I am embarrassed that I was seduced by the hype ,and, to make matters worse, I waited three months! I wish the new chef well, and perhaps there are enough people in this city that will support him. Not me.Was treated there for a dinner for my birthday and loved it.
We had a tasting menu with about 7 different dishes, there was nothing bad in the meal but some of the dishes were outstanding. I would come back again when they have a new menu, definitely a great experience.Been to Laurel twice.  Food is outstanding, atmosphere is really cool: the chef's table is actually outside, which made for a very cool experience.  I had the venison which was a winter menu item and it was truly fantastic.  Tender as a great steak, not gamey at all, just perfectly prepared.  They were exceptionally accommodating (especially considering the tasting menu) of food allergies and dietary restrictions.
My only real complaint is that the tasting menu was more or less the same both times I've been there, but I don't think that's uncommon among restaurants featuring a tasting menu.A decadent masterpiece. That is how I would describe Laurel. 
After months of waiting to secure a reservation, our group of six arrived on a chill Friday evening for the chef tasting. At $75 per person for a 7-course meal, I was excited and ready for a delicious meal. The setting was warm, inviting, and with comfortable high-back chairs, we knew we would be there awhile. And after that evening, I'd love for it to be my second home. 
I asked Laurel to send me the menu ahead of time since one of our guests had a seafood aversion. While I usually love surprises, I was happy to get a sneak peek! 
There were so many highlights of that meal. From the first course of raw tuna delightfully covered in frozen horseradish with a zing of shaved green apple, to the flavorful duck confit that contained texture from the chicken skin and quail egg, everything on the menu was brilliant. The ricotta gnocchi was absolute joy, with the crispy pancetta that kept singing "Amen!" with every bite. That dish was powerful by itself. I thought that would be my favorite, but there was a truffle-crusted pork and braised belly with a pecan pesto accompaniment that really shined. And lastly, the dessert. Caramelized white chocolate pudding topped with more cocoa, puffed grains, and mulberries. Move over, Barbuzzo. Your salted caramel budino may be beat by this chocolate pudding from Laurel. It is now my favorite dessert, since it was light, not overly sweet, but enough to get an all-around-the-table wow! from everyone. (I may have heard some applause in the background, but that could have been the wine talking.)
Chef Elmi is talented, and presented us an impressive meal. Each dish was beautiful, and I was just a tad bit sad that I had to stick my spoon or fork in it. So much color, texture, and personality! The man himself stopped by our table, and we gave so much praise that was well deserved.
This restaurant is truly a gem. Service is impeccable from start to finish, and while you're carrying along a conversation, (wine) glasses are never empty. 
Thank you, Laurel for a wonderful and memorable evening!The whole experience is one that I will never forget. Wonderful atmosphere, the food was most, interesting, delicious, which I have ever eaten, the staff was very hospitable and demonstrated the level of professionalism. You must go here.Spectacular. I could just leave it at that. Reservations are hard to come by. Bookings fill up for this tiny BYO 6 months in advance. You can always add you name to the wait list and pray. Our 7-course meal was a gastronomic adventure. As the menu changes regularly, odds are whatever I had won't be on the menu when you get there. Highlights were a cold melon soup with peekytoe crab, the duck breast and the arctic char. Each dish was a creative, interesting combination of flavors and textures. Everything was nicely plated and presented. Service was attentive with friendly knowledgable servers. Nick (owner and chef) even came out to introduce himself and discuss the meal. This is probably in the top couple of restaurants in the city, and definitely at the top of the BYO list at the moment.Wow. I think I answered "wonderful" when they asked me how each course was. This and Talula's daily have been the tastiest seasonal menus we've had in philly. The food was spectacular. The focus of the menu was seafood. There were several intermediary courses involving sashimi or lightly fried fish, I mean absolutely delectable. The salt aspect was just perfect for these dishes. Does the orange sign outside mean liquor for sure? What a perfect complement to wine, we are glad we could enjoy it as a byob. We loved the variations of green for this time of year. They were extremely accommodating, bringing blackfish which was not on their menu for the two in our party who didn't eat veal or duck. We had the duck and veal, both delicious. The dessert was crunch, sweet, and delicious. We can't wait to go back, the only issue is how hard it is to get a rsvn.It's amazing that this place is BYOB! Makes it much more affordable than other pre fixe menu restaurants that force you to do wine pairings or buy an expensive bottle of wine. Every dish we had was innovative but satisfying. The chef uses a lot of ingredients that you don't normally find in dishes and mixes tastes that you wouldn't think actually goes well together. Cozy ambiance, perfect date spot. Though hard to snag a reservation but put your name down on the wait list! That's how I got my reservation. Service was impeccable and I'd definitely come back for a different seasonal menu.Feeling honored to have been able to sample food from such a culinary genius. I'm not sure how their menu usually works but the night we went the only option was a Prix fix menu.  This is not your standard restaurant and based on what he served I think it would be an injustice to have the menu any other way.  This is truly a dining experience unlike any that I have ever had.  We were a bit early and decided to have a drink in his bar next door.  If you have the opportunity to go in even for just one drink, I highly recommend it.  That is an experience all its own.  Everything is very well done and the staff is top notch.  We told the bartender that we had a reservation next door and he was able to communicate with the restaurant that we were there.  When our table was ready they came and got us.  Everything is very formal and beautiful but completely approachable.  In a place that could be very intimidating they do a great job of taking that away.  I think it's safe to say that almost everything you are served is something that is a bit different from the norm.  They do a great job of explaining what it is and how to eat it.  I was also amazed at the knowledge if the wait staff.  They knew every detail of the dishes.   We also added in the ricotta gnocchi which was truly phenomenal.  I am still dreaming of it.To be honest, I haven't eaten there since last year, but the amazingness of the experience still burning in my memory.  AMAZING food, great, but unpretentious service.  Yes, the portions are small but all in all it was enough food after all of the courses.  The only real weak spot for me was the desserts at times, but I can be a bit boring when it comes to desserts.  For me, my main focus is on the rest of the meal.  Also love that is BYOB.  Takes what could have been a crazy expensive meal and turned it into one that I feel is worth it for even a more minor celebration.. like celebrating you were finally able to get a reservation.I had very high expectations for Laurel and was really ecstatic to get a reservation for my birthday. Six of us got a private table outside which was an amazing experience. The weather looked like it was going to rain, but we took a risk anyway and it turned out to be a great decision. As soon as we sat down, we got our wines opened by the waiter, the food started coming out, and from there I was just in food heaven. Laurel was an incredible life-changing dining experience. Every dish we got from the kitchen was heavenly, and worth every penny that I spent. Every dish was unique, flavorful, and surprising. We also ordered gnocchi with truffles, and Japanese Wagyu beef in between courses. Even though it was a tasting menu, I was so full by the end of the meal. Laurel truly blew me away with their menu and the service they provided during our time there. I hope I can get a reservation soon, because I'm dying to  experience Laurel again!Beautiful decor, wonderful ambiance, fantastic service and amazing food. Where else can you go wrong? I made the reservation 2 months ago and boy was it worth it! We came on a weekday but it was our anniversary so we asked for the tasting menu. They were super nice to accommodate what we wanted and the boyfriend wanted to be knocked off his feet. I would say that he was definitely knocked off his feet rather unexpectedly. To start off, we had the sourdough bread with whipped brown butter. We had 
1. fluke with asian pear and frozen yogurt crumbles - you would think that the fish with pear would be some weird combination BUT the frozen crumbles really pull this dish together. The contrasting textures and mellow flavors of the fluke and the pear makes the dish really good. 
2. torn new jersey scallops, matsu apple, sea lettuce and celery - I didn't know what to think of this dish but the scallops seemed to be tenderized almost like a ceviche which is what made this dish really interesting. another success in our book. 
3. Charred Spanish Mackerel, Crushed Mustard Seed, Jalapeno, Ponzu - this was exemplary. We were really confused at first when we had the mackerel and thought - hm, this was good. But give it a few more seconds and it all hits you like a pound of bricks. The slight spiciness from the mustard seeds and next comes the whammy with the jalapeno seeds. Oh my, when you get a double whammy, you know this gotta be good. 
4. Fresh Ricotta Gnocchi, Pancetta, Sourdough, Garlic - The ricotta gnocchi was not as good as the other dishes honestly but it was still good in my opinion. The texture was a bit off for me but it wasn't that it was bad. 
5. Salted cod with mushrooms and some broth....- So, this dish was also another confusing dish...the cod was a bit too salty but what saved the dish was that ridiculously good broth where we couldn't pinpoint what exactly was good. All we knew was that the flavors of that ridiculously salty fish and the mellow, blandish broth made this dish another great dish. 
6. beef with an onion emulsion and potato terrine - Oh my god, who would have thought that an onion emulsion was good???? I'm not even a fan of onions! When we first had it, we were both confused of what the flavor was until we asked our server and he said it basically was an aerated onion. It all clicked at that point! The potato terrine was also 40 layers - who has time to make a terrine of 40 layers?! Only one of the better chefs. The beef was also oh so tender. This dish was another hit in our book. 
7. Caramelized White Chocolate Pudding, Malt, Puffed Grains - To top everything altogether this dessert was mellow enough that you're left refrshed but not stuffed to the brim. The beautiful contrast of textures is the major highlight in the dish. You have the smooth velvety texture of the pudding with the hard and crunchy puffed grains. Spot on - good call Nick Elmi! 
Overall, we were super impressed with the meal and really glad that this little BYO is packed with some ridic flavors and beautiful food. Did I mention that the service was also great! With a small dining room of 8 tables, it's almost like this place is the little BYO that could! After we came back, we immediately made a reservation for 3 months later.I'm torn.
The service impeccable but not pretentious.  The food was unlike anything I've eaten before.  But it was not my taste.
I've been trying to get a reservation at Laurel for months and was delighted to finally be able to go with a group of 4.  And I was even more delighted that is was a BYOB.  Thanks for fellow yelp-ers who clarified that it is a BYOB  AND they still have a wine and cocktail list.  I was also happy to know before I go that there isn't room to arrive early unless you go next door to the lovely cocktail bar.
I ate things I've never eaten before, like the sea urchin.  I had food prepared in ways I've never had before.  I felt like I pushed my boundaries and tried new things.  Some things I liked and some things I didn't- and I don't fault the restaurant for that.  I don't think I will go back, but its because it was not my personal taste.  The food for some is perfection and there is nothing like it in Philadelphia.Could not have been happier to wxperience the favors from Chef Elmi's kitchen. I had booked my reservation two months in advance (which is necessary) for my birthday.  Fortunately for me it was a holiday weekend and Chef Elmi had a special menu prepared.  The black truffle risotto which Chef shaved himself was insanely good.  Wait staff was knowledgeable and very helpful. As time warranted Chef came out from the kitchen and talk to all the tables about the experience.  I look forward  to the next time I experience the favors from Philadelphia's Top ChefWent with a friend intending it for restaurant week but only to find that it was specific to an earlier time. Albeit a bit disappointed, we still had a delicious meal. BYO, ordered the gnocchi to share as well as the dessert (this custard-y thing). I had the berkshire pork (most pieces were so soft and melted in my mouth but there was one piece or two, perhaps the shoulder, that was more tough) while my friend had the sear ocean trout (very tender! and there's snail!). Bill came down to less than $50 per person including tax and tip. Not too bad! Chef Elmi also came by to say hi. The place isn't spacious but cozy. The chairs are comfy too...Got to meet the man Nick Elmi himself.  Love the tiny space.  They have big chairs and big tables so the place feels intimate and not crowded.  Unlike some of the smaller restaurants where I feel like they are trying to fit as many diners as possible, the space had a cool ease about it.  So let's get to the food....first of all its byob which I love.  We ordered one and then 2 orders of the albacore tuna dish because it was so good.  Its served with this horseradish emulsion (not sure thats the right word) and yogurt sauce and the play on textures and flavors is truly a party for your mouth.  My boyfriend described the gnocchi  as pillows in your mouth.  Truly you want to pile these things up and take a nap in Elmi's restaurant while he cooks for you...I digress.  I also had the roasted Walu served with a foam (not exactly sure what was in it, don't care) and this was absolutely excellent.  
This is Philadelphia dining at its best.  I heart.This is one of the best meals I've ever had. We had the tasting menu on Friday night and it was simply amazing. The Mackerel - now I understand the expression, Holy Mackerel, it was fantastic!  The service was just impeccable as was the food. Everything about the entire experience was wonderful. It is one of the few places where you get to experience exceptional food without the pop and circumstance. I would go back again and again if it wasn't so hard to get a reservation.This place doesn't need another 5 star review - but it deserves it!
Do yourself a favor and fight for a res for the weekend tasting menu.
It is the best meal I have had in Philly!A true gem of a place.    Wonderful staff fantastic food.   It doesn't get any betterIm not even sure where ego begin.  All I can say is GET A RESERVATION NOW! i really wish I had documented our entire meal but I was so busy scarfing my food down that I honestly cannot remember everything.  I do remember leaving full and totally satisfied, not only with the food but also the service and being proud of Nick for accomplishing his dreams.  Kudos buddy!i am not going to describe every course        i am not going to post photos of every course     very simple     if you enjoy inventive food    make a reservation    we waited six months     we enjoyed 8 courses    btw    their standard 7 course meal at 90 some dollars is a steal    also   while they have a liquor license    they still permit byo   with no corkage fee    a great savings    bring great wine   we brought a sine qua non white blend and an aubert chard and a quilceda creek cab and an arietta blend     all spectacular and offer the two sommeliers   a taste   they will appreciate it    sad that the tables around us had mostly inexpensive wine that would not match the food   phila needs some growing up   wine wise  the food is spectacular    i do not know of a better restaurant in the city    the service was without peer    just wonderful      not the type of food to eat every week    but we will be there twice a year    a triumph   congrats    would be interesting to see some NYC type people eat here   parking a little bit of a pain    but valet is down the street    just go     enjoyIf I were just rating the food I would give this restaurant 5 stars. The food was outstanding and I especially recommend the gnocchi and the white chocolate pudding for dessert. My main complaint was the service. We were the first dinner seating of the night and it was evident from the moment we sat down that they needed us to hurry through our meal to make sure that our table would be ready for the later seating. The waiter brought us our check and our coats while we were still eating dessert and had full glasses of wine to finish. That is my only complaint. We couldn't really enjoy to the max because they basically told us that we needed to leave. Otherwise....food was excellent and Nicholas came over to each table and very kindly spoke with each of us.Amazing. This isn't food, it's art, both across the diner's palate and on the plate. 
The tuna is, frankly perfect. The raw scallop was restrained, as his reputation would lead one to expect, but in no way less enjoyable for that restraint, especially as a first course. 
The mushroom broth, both when it was originally the Meyer lemon broth and recently with the sweeter shrimp-pumpkin switchover, was delicious. I have a personal preference for the acidity of the lemon over the sweetness of the current version, but both broths were superb. The gnocchi...there's no point in expounding upon other reviews, but I'll confirm its reputation, saving the fact that I have to carefully scrape off the tiny pancetta pieces (which my SO and most of humanity enjoy) just to get a scrap of sexplosiony velvet flavor...worth the work, however, and then some. 
As someone else mentioned, there are an abundance of fish options, which thrills me to no end. I'm generally limited by too many red meat or pork options on a fine dining menu but Laurel held no such limitations. Both the trout and Walu were cooked to perfection, with strong sauces and subtle side components either speaking for themselves or mingling harmoniously together in the combined bite. The trout probably wins out for me because I like the side components better. 
I'm a dessert fiend, so forgive me. The first time, I was disappointed with the lemon dessert, not because there was anything technically wrong with it but because I like my lemony things to be tart; this was more of a muted lemon zest flavor lacking acidic punch. (The chicory crumble was interesting.) So, the second visit, the extremely tart accents of fruit dabbled on the side of the white chocolate pudding were an unexpectedly welcome zing to counterbalance the deluxe richness of the pudding. The chocolate crumble was a salty counterbalance to the sweet and tart. So, depending on your tastes, you may or may not fall in love with the desserts, but they are textural genius, and texture is a too-often-overlooked component of dessert.  I'm definitely recommending the chocolate pudding, and I'll skip the lemon dessert in the future.
Overall, I went back after the first visit for the tuna and mushroom dishes, but I'll return a third time for the tuna, gnocchi, AND the white chocolate dessert. 
In final summary, to anyone reading this review and trying to decide whether or not it's worth the wait, let me urge you NOT to visit Laurel -- because I'd like to get a table again sometime this century.This post is about a meal I had for a special occasion a little while ago. Obviously, the tasting menu was fantastic. My table mates had preferences which did affect the menu and the chef made special dishes just for them. the multiple courses were not too filling to make use need to undo the buttons on our pants but also not so light as to require a cheesesteak or visit to bing bing after the meal. The food was carefully plated, meticulously prepared, and pleasantly varied. I highly recommend you make reservations in advance as they have limited seating and availability. Dates, anniversaries, or special occasions are all likely to be huge hits should you pick this place for your meal.Amazing dining experience. One of the best tasting menus in Philly. Absolutely do the wine pairings! Friendly staff and excellent food.The place is amazing. It's super hoity-toity but not to the point where you don't know what you're eating and dishes are served on things other than plates. It's not like that. In fact, I think it has a more welcoming atmosphere than similar nearby places like Le Virtu and Townsend (sp?). 
I'm pretty sure it's six or seven course, chef's tasting only. The food is truly impeccable. Service is top notch. Atmosphere hits the sweet spot, where you can both see and hear your dining partners but are not eating in silence while under spotlights. 
Reservations are hard to get so book weeks in advance. Months if it's for a holiday like Valentine's Day. 
This is the kind of place where we need yelp to allow more stars.This is a truly special restaurant. May be difficult to get a reservation since it is so small but worth the trouble! Bring a special bottle of wine since the great dishes deserve it. The chef deserves accolades and the menu shows it. Service was excellent and the pace was wonderful! We cannot wait to go back!Laurel is tiny inside. It only seats 22 people at a time but you do not feel cramp or squished in there. My two roommates and I went and made the reservation before Nick Elmi won Top Chef. The lighting is really cool and I just love the feel of the place. The service was great. Our reservation was for 9PM on a Wednesday night (literally that was all they had and I had booked it a month in advance which is nothing compared to now I guess) and our table was not quite ready. The hostess offered us wine to hold us over which was nice. We literally only had to wait maybe 10 extra minutes so it wasn't a big deal at all. The food was wonderful and creative and just looked so pretty. Towards the end Chef Nick Elmi came out and chatted with each table. He was very personable and is just as adorable as he was on Top Chef.Color me impressed. Sure I had to wait 90 days for a 10:30pm res but I'm so glad I was able to eat this food. 
So smart and refined. The progression of the dishes from cold to hot were all full of flavor and well-apportioned technique. My bougie self enjoyed every bite. Unfortunately I ate here in, I believe, June, 2014, so I can't remember exactly every detail but generally they knocked off my socks. Though, I have to ask- were you guys ever going to call me as promised?  At 10:30 they were 45 minutes behind schedule and I only ate that night because I went back after 50 minutes of waiting. I didn't wait 90 days not to eat a fantastic meal. But thank you nevertheless.The rumor is that the back kitchen is fabulous but the customer service is the worst I've ever seen.  After waiting months for a reservation, and arriving 10 min early, was left outside to wait for 45 mins while 3 other parties were seated. Finally we requested our wine be returned and ate 2 doors away and had a great experience. Major disappointment!!!!5/5. Round 2 was just as good as the first. Nick made several appearances at our table to ensure that everything was perfect. The "surprise" menu kept our interest and the food was supreme!When Laurel first burst onto the Philadelphia food scene in 2013, its global, intricate, and beautifully plated dishes (prepared by Top Chef victor Nicholas Elmi) became the talk of the town. 
While many fine dining establishments come to rely on certain menu mainstays and customer favorites, the culinary team at Laurel has remained committed to testing the boundaries, trying new techniques and pulling from new sources of inspiration - which was evident in the near-perfect menu. Our favorites included the the green farro and black garlic with citrus notes, the truffle-infused, perfectly cooked Dover sole, and the braised and roasted venison - which was not gamey at all(!). Laurel had two additional specials that night, a truffle risotto and a wagyu beef - we sprung for the wagyu beef and relished every silky, savory bite. Elmi also made an effort to visit every table, and he was kind enough to take the time to explain how he managed to get the truffles inside the sole (culinary magic!).
I do think that Elmi's strength lies in the elevation of more hearty comfort dishes, as evidenced by the strength of the farro and venison dishes. The raw dishes were not quite as good - the Spanish mackerel had such an overpoweringly fishy flavor, it completely overwhelmed the delicacy of the accompanying chow chow gele and sea lettuce. The service was also a bit rushed and robotic at the beginning of the meal to the point that we had to read the menu to figure out what we had just been served, though towards the end, as the dining room emptied, our waitress became much friendlier. 
Four years after opening, it is still near-impossible to score a table at Laurel - and it's easy to understand why. Despite minor hiccups during our meal, Laurel truly is a very special experience. The menu is full of interesting flavors in unexpected combinations, each plate is a visual and culinary treat, and the intimate space of Laurel really allows the diner to fully enjoy the experience.
Fun fact: Laurel is no longer Laurel BYOB (though they do still let you bring your own bottle). With ITV right next door, there's now the option to enjoy cocktails, wine, or even a wine pairing with your meal!Excellent, unique, gourmet cuisine.
The idea of serving chicken skin crackers topped with caviar blew me away.
Everything was delicious, and the service was phenomenal.  Not much else to say, because they didn't do anything wrong - except make it so hard to get a reservation!Best restaurant in Passyunk (maybe even in the city). They actually just got 4 Bells so that says something. The price is up there so it's a place for special occasions where you need to reserve a table months in advance. They had gnocchi on special (I believe it was an extra $55), but it's absolutely something you should splurge on as it was to die for.We loved our visit to Laurel. I am a vegetarian and am always worried about going to French restaurants. The staff were amazing and were so accommodating to my needs. 
The gnocchi was the most delicious I have ever had. I read a review before going that was saying they are
Horrible but that is not the truth. The dessert was also so delicious. 
Highly recommend this for a nice date night. Just make sure you make a reservation months ahead. If you like them on Facebook you can maybe catch a cancelled reservation.Beautiful, perfect food. 
If it's warm, gather up a big party and sit in the yard out back. A unique, special experience that's kind of uniquely Philadelphia.
Don't go in here looking for bold "New American" flavours. They're not trying to "blow your mind," they're just perfectly executing exquisite food. Oh, and bring your beautiful food wines with you. Splurge. Make it a magical evening. The friendly, capable staff is there to help you do just that.If I could describe this place in one word, it would be BOUGIE.  
Let's just put it this way: the couple next to us discussed wine decanting for like their whole meal and I only know this cause I was millimeters away from their table.  Here's a fun drinking game: try not eavesdropping on conversations and when you eventually do (and you will), take a swig of wine.  You'll be loaded.  Simply put, it's INTIMATE, foodie speak for TINY. 
Came here for my birthday and the meal was, from start to finish, pretty damn impeccable as far as incredibly unique, refined tastes and spot-on presentation goes.  Don't come here if you're someone who likes places advertising the words "all you can eat" or "shrimp extravaganza" or "if you can finish this burger, you'll get a t-shirt."  I am one of these people.  And while I wasn't in my usual (preferable) roll-me-out-the-door food coma, I was still quite satisfied and comfortably full in a normal, healthy way.  Keep in mind we brought cheap, pink pomegranate prosecco to pair with our meal, so we aren't exactly Laurel's target audience.
I'd like to note that the dinnerware and utensils were adorable in that they were either comically small, comically large or made me ask the question, "okay, so what do I do with this?  Do I like, scoop it?"  
So to get the full spectrum of flavors/components of each dish here, you must go in balls-deep, so to speak. If you don't get a spoon/forkful of all the elements in one bite, you're not picking up what the chef is putting down, nahh mean?  After what I can only describe as an off-putting beet cotton candy puff as the pre-dinner teaser, I made the mistake of pussy-footing around each dish.  Do not do this.  Just dive in.
Here's my take on the $85 per person chef-tasting menu, in layman's terms:
"THIS IS F***IN AMAZING":
-Snails & mushrooms in a mystery cheesy sauce and topped with what tasted and looked like turkey bacon- it was delectably creamy and addicting with just the right amount of crunch, served with warm bread and homemade butter....THAT BUTTER THO...salty and sweet heaven.  I could eat it like yogurt.
-Icelandic cod in another mystery sauce, perfectly cooked- literally the best morsel of fish I've ever had the privilege of putting in my mouth and I shit you not, I felt like I was getting kinda emotional.  
-Kobe Beef (at a whopping $50 upcharge)- served on the rare side, it was THE most tender, amazing piece of beef I'll ever get to eat in my lifetime.  Again, felt like I wanted to cry.  Substantial and filling and totally worth the upcharge.  No, really. BF opted for the 40-hour braised pork cheek and he also said it was the best piece of meat he's ever tasted.
-Savory cow's milk cheese dessert with tart crabapple- choose this if you really love strong, sharp cheese and an adorable apple to compliment it perfectly.
"HMM, PRETTY TASTY":
-Fancy fish in horseradish snow (definitely unique but too horseradishey IMHO), foie gras in pear/granola (some bites were like "oh wow!" and others tasted like wet sawdust), jersey scallop with fried chicken bits on top (super tasty but no different than Ippolito's $2 scallops TBH)
"WHY THO?":
-Pre-meal "finger food" (carrot and other mystery vegetable and beet cotton candy puff- mehh), sweet potato cake dessert (not bad, per se, but still kind of savory for being their 'sweet' dessert and the density just didn't strike my fancy).
The meal ended with two minuscule ceramic pots containing white chocolate/cherry pudding crack.  OMG.  The check came out on a palm-sized clipboard.  Adorable all around.
Overall, the chef definitely had an odd obsession with adding a mystery crunch element to each dish which, while fun on the tongue, started to become kind of one note after a while.  Some dishes obviously reigned supreme over others.  Some were good but not great, and at these prices, everything should be great.  Service was spectacular- they knew when to interject, when to take away dishes, how to describe dishes- sometimes cloyingly sweet, but hey, at least they weren't snobby or pretentious.  My only complaint in this area is that the server offered to take the coats from the couple next to us, but we weren't offered.  Nitpicky, I know, but the place is so cramped, it would be a nice gesture so I didn't have to struggle to take it off without elbowing someone else.
We didn't get the alleged knockout gnocchi for a $40 upcharge (which I really am not losing sleep over), so the grand total for 2 people including tax and tip at a BYOB was $300.  Is it worth it?  Let me work it.  For a special occasion, yes.  You're paying for the experience.  But will I return and tell all my friends to empty their checking accounts? Probably not.  A great one-and-done deal.I am no foodie but I know good food when I eat it. Each dish that was served (fluke, tuna, gnocchi, truffle risotto, duck, catfish, duck, dessert) genuinely tasted good and left me satisfied and excited about the next dish. The hype around this place is warranted and I will definitely be back.Had to book reservation about 2 months in advance, but it was worth it. I had the gnocchi, which was very very good. It wasn't the doughy kind I'm used to but much more of a fluffy cheese/dough combo.  I also sampled the duck liver with cocoa powder- again like nothing I have ever tasted before in a very, very good way.
It's awesome that it's BYOB and I think Nick (Top Chef winner 2013) makes it a point to come out to each table at least once during the meal. He brought our table our dessert!I was nervous that the dining experience wouldn't live up to the hype, and the 3-month long wait once I made my reservation, but it most certainly did! Laurel was probably the best meal I've ever had. We dined in February 2015, and between myself and my 2 cousins, we ordered one of everything on the menu. We were each able to sample and try every dish, and one was better than the next. The special that day was mudroom risotto with freshly shaved truffles, and the chef himself came out and shaved the truffle table-side. He also came out at the end of the meal to speak with us and make sure our dinner was enjoyable (being a HUGE Top Chef fan, this was the highlight for me - next to the duck confit cassoulet. An absolutely amazing experience from start to finish! Nice job, Nick!*****UPDATED REVIEW*****
We went back and service/food was beyond incredible. We had a party of 12 and each dish of the custom made menu was on point. Service was also superb. New favorite restaurant in Philly!!! Give it a try, you won't be a disappointed!
*****
SYNOPSIS: For the price, Laurel lacks creativity and fails to achieve the same culinary punch as the chef once had at Le Bec Fin. If you are looking for fine dining French that will deliver consistently solid dishes without any duds, I would recomme
To begin, it took the waitress about 15 minutes to come over to our table and ask what we would like to drink. We ordered wine, but it took us ~27 minutes (I timed it) to get our wine after we had ordered it. By that time, we had already finished a mouse and our first course. Our waitress was also rather gauche and 
The first course was Raw Spanish Mackerel with a green spice and thin crispy chip that contained the only flavor on this otherwise bland dish. However, it was not just the lack of flavor that made this dish unspectacular: rather, one piece of the Mackerel itself tasted fishy while the other piece, though not fishy, had either been cut improperly or was just unbearably sinewy. 
The second course was the hand torn scallops served over some sort of white French mother sauce and accompanied by assorted vegetables. This dish was pretty good in terms of the actual flavor profiles, textures, and the scallops themselves were absolutely  delectable. For me, the problem is that the scallop should have been the hero on the plate -- however, it was torn to shreds quite literally to the point where each remnant of what used to be a scallop was too small and allowed the other components of the dish to overwhelm it. 
The third course of snails was by far the most creative in my mind. The snails were served in a diaphanous white foam -- quite  literally submerged in it as taking a bath. To contrast the overall soft texture of the dish, it came with a delicious preserved chip that provided the right texture and flavor contrast to give the dish a memorable burst. No complaints here! 
Next, we had ordered the ricotta gnocchi for $55 more (which is supposedly what they are known for). As both an Italian citizen and someone who has worked in the kitchen at a fine dining Italian restaurant, this dish was quite simply poorly executed. I will give them credit for the house made gnocchi themselves which were delectably light but that would, unfortunately, not be enough to salvage this dish from the heavy hand of the chef. The white cheese sauce was just far too powerful for this dish (or any for that matter) with an acidic aftertaste that easily overwhelmed the thinly shaved truffles  --- in fact, you could barely taste any truffles in the dish as a result of the sauce!! If it were a plate in the tasting menu, I would have been disappointed. At $55 more-a-pop, it felt like a ripoff. 
For the fifth course, it was an Arctic char in a Bechemal sauce with an almond butter and crispy chips. While I am not a fan of Arctic char, the dish is sure to please those who like it as my girlfriend was a big fan. Even I could appreciate the flavor combinations here which were unique and complemented the fish nicely. 
For the sixth course came the Chicken. The chicken was excellent. It is hard to WOW with chicken but theirs was cooked impeccably and served with a natural jous that gave it the flavor it often lacks in other restaurants and when we cook it at home. 
As the final course, we were served the venison which was good but not great. While cooked properly, it simply lacked flavor. Perhaps the sauce it came with would have made it better, but I would not know there was only a tiny drop of it on the plate, barely enough to wet your tongue. 
No matter, we ordered the wagyu beef for an additional $55 that came out with this course. This was the highlight of the meal in my opinion. I have had real Kobe and Wagyu at many places -- this chef, unlike many, did it justice. The wagyu was cooked to perfection with an amazing, crispy sear on the outside while preserving the juices and rareness of the inside. Think of very well done "Pittsburgh rare" without any discernible burnt flavor on the outside. 
The deserts provided an underwhelming finish to the meal. There were several small bites. One was an lemon ice cream which was for too citrusy for my liking and another a chocolate mousse with caramel which was too sweet to take more than a lick before setting it aside. In addition, they brought out marshmallows and toasted them in front of us for a few second as if that would make an underwhelming marshmallow delicious --- it does not. 
All in all, we did damage of ~$400. For that price, we should have had the meal of our lives. Unfortunately, this is not even in the top 5 meals I have had in Philadelphia. 
For the price, you are better doing the tasting menu at Lacroix for $105 a person or perhaps even Vetri for $155 a perI checked Laurel out while in town for business and the hype is not unfounded. This place is amazing enough to make me consider relocating my office to my company's office in the area! 
Laurel is different as it only(as far as I can tell) offers a seven course tasting menu to guests. Also, this was not a spontaneous visit. Definitely make reservations well in advance.We went to Laurel last week, I was blown away by the ingredient quality and execution. There are very few restaurants in the Philadelphia area at this level, Vetri comes to mind. 
When you go, I highly recommend getting the gnocchi and wagyu beef additions. I've been very disappointed by wagyu beef in the past, but the beef at Laurel was the real deal. 
The service was attentive, and our server was pretty knowledgable, but it was not to the level I would expect considering the price tag. I'm ok with really good food in a bare bones setting, but the service execution should match the quality of the meal.Creative and delicious! Great service. Such a memorable experience. I do have to say this place might not be friendly if you dine in solo. Customers near me actually stared and discussed audibly about it.My wife and I went to Laurel last night for the first time.  All I can say is that it completely exceeded our expectations and more.  To start, a glass of champagne arrived to celebrate our anniversary.  What followed was multiple courses of food never tasted before but that tasted soooooo good.  Tuna with fermented white asparagus and sea urchin with sunflower truffle vinaigrette got us started, but once the octopus and venison arrived, we were in heaven.  All topped with a dazzling array of desserts.  The service was incredibly quick and full of energy and with great knowledge of what was being served, the chefs did a wonderful job (especially that Alex B dude!), and Chef Nick came out to talk to us for a little bit.  What a great experience!  We will be back and back.  Keep it up!Phenomenal. Highlights included the duck and a potato snail ragu. Service was on point. They now have a full wine list but BYO makes the experience "relatively" reasonable. Cannot say enough good things. Find a special occasion or any excuse and head to Laurel immediately.