Will never order from here again. It's a shame. The food was decent and they delivered in a timely fashion. However, tonight I ordered our dinner on line for the first time. First, it automatically added a tip (not a delivery fee), then, I promptly got an email confirming my order and estimating the delivery time. About 35 minutes after the estimated delivery time, I called them. No answer, voice mail full. I then called the Manayunk restaurant who says the East Falls restaurant is closed for a few days and they don't know why the website is taking orders. Infuriating. Now it is 8pm and my daughter and I are hungry!Honestly, love the food here but on my most recent order I was told it would be an hour from the time of the order when I placed it online. After an hour and a half I called to check on the food. Apparently they ran out of tikka masala and had to make more for my order and rather than call me to let me know so I could potentially place an order somewhere else they just let me wait for my food. 
Its now approaching two hours from the time of order and my food still hasn't arrived. 
I will never order from the East Falls location again and I will actually likely consider ordering from an entirely different Indian place next time I get takeout.I ordered the Chana Masala this evening. It was excellent. Great flavor, not too heavy. I was so tempted to give it five stars but since I have yet to try anything else from Laxmi's I'm going with four.In the past I have used their online ordering service, and it has usually been good. But last night I ordered online again, and after waiting for an hour and a half for my food, I finally called them directly. I guess they weren't keeping an eye on their online orders, because when I called they apologized and said they just received my order, and they would get it to me in 20 minutes. It did get to me almost exactly 20 minutes later, and they were very nice about it, but unfortunately by the time they finally got my order together it was very close to closing time for the restaurant, and I could tell the food was not as fresh as it usually is. This upsets me because I really really like this place, but I have to take away a star for this experience. If you are going to offer online ordering, then you should make sure you monitor it diligently.This restaurant is new and small. 
Yet, the food is VERY good. Make reservations.. grab a bottle of wine (this is a BYO).. and settle in for easy parking in the neighborhood.. quick service, and GREAT food.
They serve the Indian classics, prepared skillfully. and as spicy or mild as you want.
Good food, good time, go now.Not so much.  Other Laxmi's (one in Ardmore in particular) were better.  Ate at this place once, dine-in and then ordered takeout.  Food really average to poor and inconsistent spice/preparation.  Naan was dry and tasteless.  Food is overpriced for what it is (really just a small and somewhat malodorous neighborhood joint) especially the mixed tandoori grill at $22 that had virtually zero seafood in it.  Nothing was particularly tasty other than the soup.  It's okay if you live in the neighborhood and are craving Indian and not willing to drive ten minutes to someplace really good. But if you know and appreciate good Indian cuisine you can do much better.Tasty, reasonably priced, byob, and great for pickup or dine in. But it's relatively small so make a reservation if you're planning to eat there. Happy to have this little gem a 3 minute walk from my house!I love this PLACE! Laxmi's is my go to Indian restaurant in the Northwest part of Philly. Authentic Indian food and reasonable prices. This is a BYOB, so remember to do so. Every time I've gone, I've never left disappointed. 
They're food is REALLY spicy though, so I'd go mild on some their entrees. I can eat really spicy food, but theirs is on a whole new level.A group of friends and I ordered takeout from here for a huge Indian food feast. It looked promising, and the menu was pretty extensive so we went on ahead and ordered a bunch of items.
We ordered the:
Vegetable samosas
Tandoori chicken
Lamb tika massala
Saagwala
Chicken makhani 
Garlic Naan
Everything was great and delicious. Portions were very generous. I especially loved the lamb tika masala and the chicken makhani. The sauces for each were flavorful and perfectly buttery/creamy. The saagwala was also a favorite amongst our group. I love a good saagwala, and Laxmi does it right! I thought the tandoori chicken was more on the dry side but it wasn't too big a deal. Still good! I think because we ordered so much food, Laxmi also threw in a small side of their kheer. I didn't think I would like it because I usually don't like Indian desserts at the other Indian places I've eaten at. But their kheer was very delightful. It was light and the cardamon flavor was just right. I think I've definitely found my takeout Indian place in Philly! This place is great!Stopped here for takeout on my way home from Germantown. So happy I did! This place is great for takeout. I ordered through the eat24 app, which was a first. Got tandoori chicken and Malai Kofta - both were delicious. The naan was great, too. The best part was the service. I had double parked right in the crosswalk outside and didn't want to leave my car there in case it had to be moved (only downside is the limited parking in the neighborhood!) The food wasn't quite ready, but the man inside told me to go wait in my car and he'd bring it out to me when it was ready! Definitely above and beyond service there.Honestly would give it 0 stars just wasted 10 min to find this place then 30 min wasted looking for parking and I still can't find parking.. that's sad wonder how many other customers are leaving as well FIX YOUR PARKING FOR CUSTOMERSI recently moved to East Fall from Fishtown where I was spoiled for years by Ekta. I've really been craving Indian food so I decided to order here tonight. I had heard good things about Laxmi's.
Tonight, I ordered the Chicken Korma, Vegetable Samosas, and Cheese Naan. I thought that the rice was very bland and that, aside from the mild spice, the korma lacked essential flavors. There was hardly any cottage cheese in my cheese naan, leaving me to wonder why it's an extra two dollars. My takeout order did not come with any chutneys. I don't know if this is normal for this location, but I've never ordered naan or samosas anywhere and not been given chutneys.
I was pretty unimpressed overall. Nothing was terrible, but none of it was great.I'm not one for writing reviews despite using yelp for years. Laxmis East Falls however deserves this one. Not only is it the best Indian Restaurant in the city it could be considered best restaurant overall. Always great attentive service and a comfortable in house seating. Everything on the menu is fantastic but I recommend anything that ends with tikka masala. Once you have it in mild, try it again with some spice - it's like an entirely new dish. I recommend Laxmis to anyone who wants to enjoy their lunch or dinner anytime.I always order Indian from here. Sadly the grub hub driver is starting to remember me! The food is delicious!
Only problem I've had is there delivery driver doesn't come until a certain time so i placed and order earlier then normal my order was delayed. They were nice enough to one of this items I ordered for freeNot good and the place in Manayunk is even worse! if you want to have great indian food go to bhagyas kitchen 1010 e willow grove ave they make great food and price is same but quality is much much higher, I swore I'd never go back to laxmis again I have it three tries and every time was more disappointing than the last, DO NOT EAT HEREOrdered from here a couple nights ago and really wanted to be good despite the crappy reviews I saw. Unfortunately it was not, I ordered the chicken tikka masala, It was very bland and had too much cream- reminded me more of butter chicken. Also ordered palak paneer, again so bland. Just tasted like cooked spinach. The Somosas were good I'll give them that. I think they need to put more work into the food. May come back to give it another chance since we live so close.Everything I tried at Laxmis was delicious. The appetizer sampler "with meat" came with various types of meats mixed with peppers and onions. I'm not sure what all the different things I was eating were.. but it was delicious! I ordered 2 different Currys for dinner. The Korma Curry w/ Lamb was my absolute favorite. It's a creamy sauce made with cashew, almond and indian spices. EXCELLENT!! I also ordered the Tikki Masala Curry w/ Chicken. It is a tomato gravy with a touch of cream. Also very good. Both entrees came with a side of Jasmine rice. The only negative I can think of was that the portions are VERY small. There is definitely no leftovers after this meal. The prices and the portion sizes do not match up for me. There are no other decent Indian restaurants in the vicinity. So if you are in the mood for Indian in this neighborhood, you gotta do what you gotta do.Great service and flavors! I loved the chana masala and the tikka masala. The korma and naan were delicious as well. I look forward to returning soon.First things first - the food is delicious. Both of Laxmi's locations are top notch in my book - my first choice for Indian in/around Philadelphia. However - do not ever order delivery from the East Falls location, and be aware that sometimes the Manayunk location will transfer orders to the East Falls location.
Without fail, the actual delivery time is always at least double what they tell me, and if I'm lucky, the food *might* not be ice cold by the time it arrives. My personal favorite is when I ordered just before 8pm, and it was delivered at 11:45pm. Yes, that's right - almost FOUR HOURS later. I kept trying to call the restaurant for an update, but since they closed hours before my food was delivered, I could never speak to a person. 
Go in person, go eat at their location, or look forward to truly delicious leftovers. Whatever you do, don't want until you're hungry to order. You're better off ordering a day in advance.My roommate and I have ordered take-out from Laxmi's countless times and have yet to be disappointed! The food is ready quickly, is always fresh, and is generously portioned. I would give 5 stars, but it's a little on the expensive side: just two entrees generally runs about $30.Unexpectedly great takeout food!  The naan, vegan dal, baingan barta and palakh paneer were excellent. Everything was still piping hot when we arrived home. Definitely will return.We ordered around 8:30pm, for delivery via Grubhub, on a Wednesday night.  
On Grubhub and in their paper menu, you pick a 'curry' and then a 'style' (paneer, chicken, lamb, seafood) and then a 'spice level' (mild, medium, spicy, extra spicy).  Because of this, there's a feel that it's less authentic Indian, and the assumption that the default spice for all dishes is 'mild', without regard to how spicy the dish is meant to be when prepared normally.  That assumption was wrong, lol.
I ordered the Tikka Masala curry with paneer in medium -- it was exquisite!  Just the perfect amount of creamy with a bit of sweetness at the end, I wanted to drink it.
I ordered the Vindaloo curry with chicken in spicy, because Vindaloo is supposed to be spicy, yes?  OK, that was a mistake on my part.  I think they make the dishes with the 'authentic' amount of spice and then dial it up or down as you wish -- because this vindaloo on 'spicy' was pretty darned spicy for us.  It was obvious that it had a nice flavor in it's own right, and I will order it again -- but next time, I'll stick to 'medium'!!
The naan was wonderful and the samosas good as well.  Slightly more expensive than Tiffin, but richer flavors so I don't mind.  The only thing I missed was the 'peshawari naan' (stuffed with dry fruits and nuts) that Tiffin makes.  I wished I'd gotten the Kheer (rice pudding) for dessert.  Or something.  
Delivery was timely, and the food was packaged nicely.  I'm so ready to order again!!I can't beat the convenience of Laxmi's, re: around the corner and always featured on groupon.  Finally made it in there the other night.  
Pros: Awesome food(their paneer saagwala is some of the better I've ever had), BYOB, in East Falls, good service
Cons: This place is almost too small.  We were one of two tables in there and I ended up listening to the other table's entire conversation.  Get ready for that.
If you like Indian food, you should give this location a shot.Laxmi's is by far the best naan I have had in Philly. They definitely are using extra butter but it is well worth it. The taste is perfect. The veggie samosas were spiced nicely although the size made them slightly awkward to eat as cutting fried food can be a challenge. I ordered the mutter paneer for my entree and was pleased with the flavor and spice. I had them kick it up to medium which was perfect for me. The interior is nicely decorated and parking is easy on the residential street. I will definitely be back for more of the naan and to try their other offerings.We've been to the Manayunk location, too and had a nice time but it's just more relaxed on Tilden Street (and we can walk there). We have ordered takeout twice and dined in once at the East Falls location. Excellent service all three times, and great food. Not blow your mind, super spicy, really authentic Indian food, but solid, consistently good food that hits the mark for us. We've always found the staff to be friendly and efficient--no issues there. There was a mix up the first time we ordered takeout where our order ended up in Manayunk by mistake--but was delivered to our house by the manager with a discount. This was shortly after they opened, and I think the phone numbers for the East Falls location hadn't been added to the website or something, but it's all worked out now, I think. Glad to support a local business and another welcome addition to the restaurants in East Falls.I really really really love Laxmi's. I can't say enough good things about this restaurant.  I order Laxmi's for delivery about once every two weeks. And I'm known to order two nights in a row because sometimes I just don't save myself enough leftovers and it's sad when you run out of delicious Indian food. So I get more. And it's amazing every single time. 
I am new to the city and vegan and this has become my go to spot. My favorite is the chana masala and baingan bharta. With garlic naan. And sometimes samosas when I really want to spoil myself. Like right now. Another positive note is that they really bring the heat. No messing around there. I just love this place. Thank you Laxmi's!Really amazing little quaint Indian restaurant ... I had all vegetarian options ... They were amazing and many many options ... There is a whole vegetarian part of the menu ..... I had three courses ..... An amazing dinner for one ..... (29.00 )   With fantastic service ..... I will be traveling to east falls just for this ...... It's worth the  trip ... And the price is perfect ....I don't know what's been going on with this place lately.  Not sure if they have new chef's but the last few times I ordered, they really messed up my food.  I ordered Medium spicy for my biryani and it was regular.  The samosas tasted old and disappointing :(  I just threw out the menus.  No more.Delicious food and quick delivery.  Would have given 5 stars if they didn't forget a part of our order.  Also - a bit pricey, but for the quality it's worth it.  Will definitely order again and look forward to dining in.Restaurant delivery driver calls me an hour and a half after I placed my phone order.  The delivery driver was lost and needed directions from City Ave.  For real?  They explained that the guy who took my order spelled the street name wrong (if you work in East Falls you know where Calumet St. is).  When I called back the restaurant to cancel my order , the "manager" I dealt with was rude & blamed my spelling of my own damn street.  Their inability to communicate and poor customer service lost them business.  AWFUL.I really enjoyed the atmosphere and food at this establishment. We were a party of 6 and the service was good and the food great. There was one hiccup (one meal was returned), but it was resolved with a properly cooked dish. Overall, I will definitely be back and bring others.
BTW, the table appetizers (I don't know the name) were excellent with 3 types of serving dips. I filled up on those alone! And we bought our own bottles. It was great and a late birthday dinner with some of my 'girls'.I definitely would recommend Laxmi's. For my family and I, you can't get better than great Indian food one block away. Sunny is so friendly, and great with our toddler. The tikka masala is outstanding. I like it with either Paneer or Chicken.  The flavors are a perfect blend, and meals are very shareable. The naan bread...holy moly 
The prices seem comparable to other Philly Indian restaurants.  It is a small place, but it's a small neighborhood. I hope they fix up the exterior a bit, and put some potted plants outside, and fix the broken window, but that is neither here nor there when you have excellent food!
Overall, a wonderful experience.The dumplings were good, but the tandoori seafood ($18.00) was nothing short of being mugged.  Five little shrimp, half an onion, and one third of a bell pepper. I am still starving.Ordered take out through Yelp, the chana was okay but the naan was subpar; fries were limp, definitely needed a second dip in the fryer. The kathi roll was okay but the sauce was overpowering, more chicken and less sauce next time, please!I thought long and hard before I wrote this. When this place first opened we went there a few times. The food was good. However, I have ordered  twice via Grub Hub and had terrible issues with delivery. The food NEVER came! I then decided to order through Grub Hub but try pick up instead. I went literally 25 minutes after I was told my order was ready and still had to wait 35 minutes for my food! When I got home I could tell the food preparation was rushed. It's a shame because this place is so close but after having terrible wait times with no clear explanation I'm over giving them money!A Southern Indian restaurant.
Excellent Food.
Easy take out.
I recommend the Tandoori Chicken with bone out and SPICY.  
This is a business with integrity.Don't waste your time ordering delivery from here. Ordered almost 1.5 hours before they closed. Food never showed. Now everything is closed and I'm left hungry. 
Unbelievable that you can stay open running a business like this.One time I was here during a power outage and they still managed to serve a great meal despite lack of electricity. Chicken tikka masala and paneer tikka masala are very good. Not too creamy and not watery. The naan is very good. Place is clean. Portions are large and service is fast.While the prices seem slightly high for the East Falls location (the ambience falls short of the Manayunk restaurant) the food is great.  The portions are generous, and I usually have enough leftovers from dinner for a big lunch the next day.  I love the samosas and the vegetable korma.  Really tasty.  And they make a delicious masala tea.  Their garlic naan is great, especially served with their yummy dipping sauces.The food was excellent! I only did pick up but the staff was friendly and helpful. I would definitely go back for the dine-in experience.Visited this spot the week of their grand opening. Excellent authentic Indian, large portions, super cozy atmosphere. Just what the block needed to diversify the food options. They seemed very busy for the first few days of operation with take-out and diners. I'm not sure if they anticipated that when choosing such a small space. Overall glad to have them in the neighborhood. I hope they do some outdoor seating when the weather permits this spring.
*Update, they also offer online ordering for delivery or pick-up.Everything on the menu is worth ordering.  Until this place is discovered you'll never have to wait for a table.A coworker and I always get take out and the food has been amazing.  Get the chicken biryani and the samosas!Ordered food and they never delivered it and I was charged. Called the restaurant and said it was on its way. 2 hours later nothing. Please never ever eat here.Used to be a regular customer. Two back to back bad experiences with their delivery. Waited for more than 2 hours and still a no- show. Service has been poor off late. Lost a loyal customer.I love this little gem tucked away in to a quiet neighborhood. They actually have two locations that are fairly close to each other.
The food at Laxmi's is very authentic and very well priced. The spice level and creaminess were as perfect as can be. The staff is also very friendly and knowledgeable about the dishes. 
I ordered for pickup but the inside of the restaurant looks to be a very nice place to eat. 
And best of all, Laxmi's is BYOB.I've only had the chicken makhni and garlic naan here. Garlic naan not properly spiced and the chicken makhni needs more flavor. Would order from here if I'm really missing restaurant Indian food, but otherwise could do without.I can't believe I'm writing this bc indian food has always scared me but I finally tried it last night and woke up wanting more tikka masala! I can already hear my bf saying I told ya so!  It was full of flavor w just the right amount of spice.  We did take out bc we live close by and as a first timer I was a little hesitant haha baby steps!  I foresee many more trips to this place in the winter. What can be better than a hot plate of spicy deliciousness on a cold wintery night?!Some of the best Indian Food in the city! Both the Main Street and Tilden street locations are awesome and the staff is always awesome.I loved the ease of ordering, the menu selection, the service, and the promptness at Laxmi's. I placed an order for pick-up and it was ready within 15 minutes. The service was great and the shop is in a cool location. However, the food itself was not up to the standards I've come to expect from Indian food in the area. I ordered the vegetable korma, vegetable samosas, and garlic naan. The korma was not very flavorful or well spiced. The sauce was  thin and for the price I paid, there wasn't much food. The samosas were alright, but relied on the fried flavor far too much. I expect the interior of a samosa to be seasoned well, but Laxmi's samosas tasted only of the fryer. There's no other way to describe the naan besides calling it cardboard-like, in both texture and taste. I was especially disappointed in the naan. I've had frozen naan from the grocery store that tasted much better and more authentic. I'm sorry to say that I will not be returning to Laxmi's in East Falls.This place is my favorite! The food is always delicious. My two favorite meals are the channa masala and the mutter paneer. I usually ask for my meals to be medium spice because I enjoy it with a little kick but I know they will do a mild version of any meal if you ask. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.Terrible service with only 2 tables in restaurant.  Tandoori chicken dry. Wrong food delivered. Waitress in huff. Plates not cleared. Dessert not offered. Food uneven, but service always bad.I have no idea why this place only has a 3 star rating (it seems like a lot of the complaints are about the delivery and not the food itself) because the food is pretty spectacular. We ate at the restaurant, which was very clean and staffed by a super-attentive server. We were brought chutneys and what I think was Papadum (thin crispy lentil bread) as soon as we sat down, which were so delicious. We ordered the Chana Masala, Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Seek Kabab, and Naan, and we requested everything spicy. Everything was extremely flavorful and actually spicy, which is rare! I can't pick a favorite dish because I loved them all. Will definitely be back to try more things off their menu.We went here tonight for their "soft opening" and aside from a few miscommunications, it was great. The food was amazing, just as good as Manayunk but with the convenience of being on our block. There is always enough to take home for a second meal...which is just as good the next day. 
Go when you want to take your time and relax, the food is great and takes time to prepare.  
I highly recommend it!!I think I just found my new favorite Indian spot in the city.  I've eaten at several other Indian restaurants in the city, but in my opinion, Laxmi's is the best so far.  My fiance' and I just finished eating  Chicken Makhani, Chicken Padhai, Shrimp Chaat and naan with mango chutney. The food was superb.  To top it off, we had it delivered and they came within 20-25 minutes of us placing the order.
Cant beat an Indian spot that's close by AND delivers!! The prices are a bit steep, but well worth it. Indian food usually IS expensive. I think our dinner came to $47.I know we said in our last review that we would not be going back to this place... In a moment of weakness, we gave them another chance. When I showed up to pick up our order 20 minutes after placing it, the girl at the register looked at me like I had 3 heads. They forgot our order. If I hadn't showed up, they would have never made it. I told them not to bother. For real, never stepping foot in this establishment again.If you happen to be an adult with braces, Indian food  is nice because there are a lot of options that involve small pieces of meat in a sauce--very braces friendly.
...but I digress
Laxmi's is delicious!  My favorites are:
- Chicken Makhani (chicken in a buttery tomato sauce)
- Mixed Tandoori (chicken, lamb and seafood prepared in clay oven)
- The Plain Naan
Oddly enough, I usually love onions but I don't like the onion naan.  There is a pasty onion spread inside of the naan that makes it taste mushy--not a fan.
I order online and pick up because I leave nearby, but I would not hesitate to order delivery.  Even though the interior space is lovely, I've never really seen people dine in.I had been waiting 6 months for this place to open with a lot of anticipation and finally did takeout from there last week. I ordered through the website, simple stuff like Saag Paneer, Fish Soup, and one other thing (maybe Pikoras?) that I don't recall. Really pricey considering the location and what I ordered. It was delivered hot and very quickly, but the driver asked for a tip on top of the generous tip and delivery fee I paid through the website. After setting him straight, I found the food to be rather meh in taste and the Saag just didn't hit the mark. I love Indian food and sadly this place is in my neighborhood and I really wanted to like it. Honestly I've had tastier Indian from food trucks.Highly disappointing experience for takeout. Ordered aloo paratha and the paratha order was completely messed up. There was no stuffing in the paratha.  The aloo (potato) stuffing was external and paratha was wrapped around it. Will upload the pic as a proof. Like a masala dosa or a Kati roll. When I called back to let them know about this mistake, the staff was not ready to acknowledge. They kept telling it is aloo paratha and made correctly. No courtesy to apologize or correct the mistake. I have been taking out from here fairly often. But they just lost one customer. And hopefully many more after reading this review. Woeful experience!My boyfriend and I just ordered delivery from here: paneer makni and malai kofta (I'm vegetarian so we both ordered veggie friendly stuff so we can share). 
Delivery came within the projected time and all was well, until I bit into my paneer and found it was chicken (spat it out immediately!). I called them right away to let them know (truly just to let them know) and they offered to send a replacement as apologized for the mix up (as did the delivery guy). And it was delicious! I really appreciated that they sent a replacement ASAP. Will definitely be ordering again.Indian food can be very hit or miss, but Laxmi's is excellent.  We really love their food. The restaurant itself is small, but not cramped, we've only ever gotten take out because we live near by, but it looks like it would be a nice place to go out to dinner especially on a date, though parties for more than 4 or 5 might be a little tricky to fit into the space. They are also BYOB which is nice.I'm so glad this place is finally open! What a welcome addition to East Falls. The service was excellent and the food delicious!Great food, but if you order delivery don't expect to get it for at least an hour and a half... Even if you live just around the corner!3.5 stars for the food, 2.5 stars for the service.
We order here because it's in East Falls, aka close to home. Our top 'fancy' choice is Saffron in Bala Cynwyd, but it's just a little too far sometimes. However, after the other night, we've decided to make the effort for Saffron only and give up on Laxmi's.
Service:
They are constantly screwing up our order. We have not had one experience here, not ONE, where we haven't had an issue arise. Either forgetting dishes, giving us the wrong dish, not honoring discounts, very long wait for deliveries, or missing our online paid order so that when we come to pick it up, we stand there for 25 minutes waiting for them to start preparing it.
Our most recent experience involved a forgotten dish. That was kind of the nail in the coffin. I made an online order as usual. I then called about 20 minutes later to ask if the food was ready so I didn't have another "we didn't even start it" incident. I asked if the food was ready and if not, when it would be ready and the person on the phone said "it's almost done" and I asked what "almost" meant and then he said "no, it's done." So I go pick up my order in a bag and silly me, I did not check to make sure everything was in there, but I shouldn't have to. I get home and they forgot a dish. I called Laxmi's back and said I wouldn't be driving there again to pick up the dish and was hoping they'd deliver it. The girl on the phone said "I don't know, I'll have to call you back." 15 minutes later I get a call back and they asked for my address, and to their credit, 30 minutes later, they did deliver the dish. Still, it was such a hassle and this is always our experience with them, so we'd rather pay for good service and good food.
Food:
If you've ever been to India, and I have, there's definitely no comparison. If you've ever been to a better Indian restaurant, you'd probably choose it over Laxmi's. Again, we've been going to Laxmi's due to it's relative closeness to where we live. The naan is usually dry and kind of flavorless. The meats don't always have the best texture. The tikka masala sits much heavier than higher-end Indian food. But all in all, we still enjoyed eating the food when we didn't really feel like getting anything else.
If you're looking for convenience (excluding any service mishaps) because you live nearby, I'd say order Laxmi's. If you're looking to travel just a bit further and really want top quality Indian food, this isn't the place for it. We'll be giving our business elsewhere from now on.Absolutely awesome.  Just ordered chicken tikka masala with a medium spice and naan for pick up and it was excellent.  Great sauce and spice.  I know they will become a weekly addiction for me.I have always liked Indian food, and when I moved to East Falls I really wanted to try this place. Unfortunately, my boyfriend is very vanilla in his food tastes, and it's like pulling teeth to get him to try new ethnic foods. Finally, I was sick one day and he let me get Indian food to make me feel better. I ordered him some chicken tikka masala since I thought it would be the easiest for him to wrap his mind around, and I got it mild of course because he can't handle any spice. Well, he loved it, and now I can have Indian food regularly. I'm really happy with Laxmi's, and the online ordering makes things very easy. The food for the most part is really good, the vegetable samosas are pretty good and of course naan is always delicious. I will be going back regularly.Got delivery - absolutely flavorless.
Cold, flavorless, dry naan - one of my coworkers put it best, "They looked at the order list on the way here and realized they needed naan, but found some in the backseat."
Chicken tikka masala was absolutely horrible - the chicken tasted like cardboard. Korma was equally bad...
Thankfully, I had some mango lassi - that was ok at best - to wash this down so I wouldn't go hungry that night.
Never again.The East Falls location is small, think intimate setting. The food is always excellent and the best part is that they do take out! The staff is friendly but be sure to double check your order before you leave... we once got lamb when we ordered chicken. They were very nice about it and replaced the dish with the correct oneTonight was the second time we've been to this place.
There won't be a third.
The first time, we thought everything was decent. The food was good, though I ordered Vindaloo and extra spicy and it came with no spice at all.
But tonight, we waited two hours, watching seven take out orders go out the door. Three tables that cam in after us eat and leave and yet we still hadn't gotten our food.
We asked multiple people multiple times about our order and we were assured it was coming out immediately. After another twenty minutes we left.
DO NOT GO HERE!
WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!!!I finally got around to ordering from here. I'm Middle Eastern and I'm always weary of trying Indian/Pakistani food at restaurants because I'm super critical. 
I ordered chicken tikka masala, naan, raita, and vegetable samosa and they gave me complimentary rice. The chicken tikka masala, which I ordered spicy, was so delicious! However, for $14 I expected a little larger of a portion. The naan was fluffy and came with two pieces for one order. Not bad! The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the samosa. It was good but I've had way better. It seemed to have been fried earlier and then warmed up for order. The imlee chutney was thin and I personally prefer more of a thicker spicy chutney as my mother always made her own. 
The delivery was fast! I must have placed my order by 715 and the food had arrived 20 minutes later! Super friendly delivery guy as well. Overall I would definitely visit this restaurant again.After 2 trips here, one in person, one take out - it is easily a 4.5 star restaurant.  If you love spice, stay away from the tandoori chicken.  I ordered extra hot and it came out with no spice, I mean less heat than my girl's medium hot curry. Samosas were great! nice a plump, piping hot and very flavorful!
However I came back because the curry was so good.  I got the Vindaloo Curry which had an amazingly flavorful spice! Extra Hot Baby!  Take out seems to be a better deal as the jasmine rice bowl was huge!
After a few more trips here... I will feel confident in the honor of a 5 star review, but lets not be hasty. 
Also lets hope when the weather gets nicer, they have some tables outside because the restaurant was small with a line going out the door!