Just finished dinner from Lazeez and we were very impressed! The Garlic Naan and Samosas were excellent and the Chicken Tikka was flavorful. Hope other neighbors come out and support this new business. We will be back!From the moment you walk up to this restaurant until the time you get home with your takeout, the fragrance of the spices will make your stomach rumble! Amazing food, will definitely return for more!Phenomenal - They opened for takeout and delivery on May 1st 2020 amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, which was impressive.
When I called in, I was curious to know their specialty, and the worker was kind enough to talk me through their favorite dishes for five minutes. After a few questions, I was guided to the Lamb Korma and it was a delight.
I am a 2 minute walk, so this will easily become my go-to takeout restaurant. But if I were a 30 minute walk, it'd be twice a month easily. 
Update: I had the Chicken Saag on May 26th and it was amazing.So happy to have this place join the neighborhood! Excellent food and so nicely labeled for our takeout order! Will definitely order from her again. The raita was super yummy and lamb korma delicious. Loved the fresh baked naan and roti too!Great addition to the neighborhood! I came here today for lunch takeout. I called ahead and ordered the $10 lunch dish of chicken tikka masala. 10 minutes later I walked over and picked it up, it was ready quickly and the employee working was very professional and friendly. The food itself was amazing (like a lot of reviewers, I had yet to find great Indian in philly after 2 years here). Highly recommend!This place is so, so delicious! Such great ingredients and so fresh. Amazing Chicken Tikka Masala, Palak Paneer and garlic naan! Will be ordering very, very often.The food was delicious and the service was quick! The Tikka Masala had a nice tang to the sauce and the chicken in the biryani was very fresh. The naan bread was delightful and fluffy which I love! Definitely will be going back again soon, the indiasian dishes sounded taste to try!Lazeez is fantastic! Authentic, flavorful and friendly. Walking by we decided to give it a chance and so happy we did. They have 2 tables outside, the server wore a mask, tables were very clean. I felt safe. Many people were getting takeout but we stayed and sat at the outdoor table and were able to drink our BYOB! The NaN is a must have. Veggie curry is WOW. And my husband got a chicken dish that he loved. The server was so nice he even offered us extra rice. Will definitely be back!Ordered take out tonight and was super impressed. Delicious food, huge portions, and fair prices. This will be a regular!My friends and I visited this restaurant yesterday evening. They are open, have limited out door seating and limited indoor seating close to the front door (so fresh air does come into the place where you are sitting.) The wait staff was so pleasant and accommodating. Everyone who works there wore a mask and kept an appropriate distance. 
The food was amazing!!! I've had Indian food before and this food was amazing. I had the vegetable and egg fried rice which had a great kick to it. 
This is a must visit restaurant!Phenomenal - They opened for takeout and delivery on May 1st 2020 amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, which was impressive.
When I called in, I was curious to know their specialty, and the worker was kind enough to talk me through their favorite dishes for five minutes. After a few questions, I was guided to the Lamb Korma and it was a delight.
I am a 2 minute walk, so this will easily become my go-to takeout restaurant. But if I were a 30 minute walk, it'd be twice a month easily.I had heard good things about Lazeez and ordered via GrubHub. My order was delayed 3 times (an hour or so past the original delivery time.) I checked the status of my driver on GrubHub's site and could see that that he (Dolin) hadn't even picked my food up. I called the restaurant. At first they quickly dismissed me saying it was the driver's fault - that my food had been ready but the driver hadn't picked it up. I pointed out that if the food was ice cold when I got it, it would reflect poorly on them - the restaurant. After some back and forth, they agreed that GrubHub was damaging their reputation and I decided to cancel my order. The owner said he'd deliver my order personally and offered a full refund my bill. At that point, I agreed to have it delivered but that I'd pay for the food I ordered (without all the GrubHub fees.) The food was finally delivered and it was very good. They included 2 free samosas. When delivered, the owner who was apologetic and seriously considering severing ties with GrubHub. I'd eat with Lazeez again, but never via GrubHub. (I tried leaving a review for GrubHub but they've made it impossible to review them. Sneaky.)Wow! This place is fantastic. We ordered take-out and got the aloo papri chat appetizer, curry chicken and coconut veg curry.The papri chat was unique, I would describe it as deconstructed crispy samosa nachos! The curry chicken and coconut veg curry were flavorful and deliciously spiced. The spice level was perfect and it was a flavorful spice, not just extra peppers to meet the spice level requested. Definitely will have this again soon!Whoa. We ordered delivery from here per the recommendation of some nice folks on Nextdoor. I grew up eating desi food, so I know what good desi food tastes like. I've been really disappointed with most Indian restaurants here in Philly, but the food here was phenomenal! So much flavor, great texture, not oily. I'm so happy to have found Lazeez!Wonderful Indian food in the Bella Vista area. They opened in the midst of the COVID pandemic, so we definitely wanted to try them out and support a new local business. We ordered the lamb vindaloo, chicken makhani, and the vegetable samosas. Everything was fantastic, the vindaloo had a nice warm spiciness to it and the makhani tomato butter sauce was creamy and delicious. We will definitely be going back to try more!We ordered delivery tonight and it was pretty good! I had a samosa a few months ago in NJ but otherwise I can't recall whether I have ever had Indian. My husband seemed more familiar with it. He ordered the Tandoori Chicken and I ordered the Coconut Curry Chicken. We added on samosas (my only method of comparison!), Garlic naan, mango chutney, and Gulab Jamum to try a dessert.
The Tandoori chicken was our favorite! It wasn't spicy at all and had a nice char/flavor to it without drying out the meat. The coconut curry chicken had a bit of a kick to it that I wasn't expecting but I am super weak with spicy flavors. The samosas were comparable to what I had recently. The garlic naan was yummy with and without the mango chutney. The Gulab Jamum was interesting... It was like a wet cold donut? I wasn't quite sure what to make of it but it wasn't bad. I am not sure if I should have heated it up...
Overall, a solid dinner! I would absolutely order the Tandoori Chicken again in the future with some Naan and I will be putting that chutney on absolutely everything the next few days since there was so much of it and it was delicious.
Also: if you're ordering delivery, you can order through their website! We ordered through GrubHub and it was quick but I wish I knew there was a direct option.This is my third time ordering from Lazeez and I have not been disappointed. I think it might be the best Indian food in the city!Favorite Indian restaurant in the neighborhood.  Their sauces and curries are great.  Good for takeout.An excellent addition to the neighborhood! I went to pick up tikka masala and chicken manchurian gravy. The food was flavorful and ready quickly. I highly recommend the food and look forward to eating in the restaurant!Had lamb saag, lamb tiki masala, garlic naan tonight.  Tasty and was ready for pick up. Definitely coming backBest Indian food in Philly i think. The chicken Biryani was fantastic and the and so was the coconut curry lamb. The Peshwari Naan was the best I've had. The quality of the food here definitely justifies the slightly higher price relative to their competitorsHighly recommend! I've been waiting for a great Indian place to open up in the neighborhood- and finally it's happened. We had a great outdoors dining experience today. They have a few tables set up nicely with umbrellas. The food was fantastic - we got mango lassis, chicken tikka masala, samosas, and garlic naan. Everything was flavorful and perfectly cooked. Good service and reasonably priced. Definitely will be going back again!We love good Indian food, and while we are not natives from there so can't vouch for authenticity from that perspective, we have eaten it all over the Western world. We anxiously awaited the opening of a local Indian food source even before lockdown. Lazeez was finally able to open for takeout & delivery Friday May 1st. This is among the best Indian food we have ever had and is by far the best we've had in Philly.  Please support this local gem. Welcome to the hood.I ordered takeout a few months ago and had a great experience. Tonight I ordered takeout again and got about have of the serving size that I received previously - super frustrating.  
The food tastes good, but why am I overpaying first half the portion size I can get somewhere else?Ordered for delivery - food was fresh and hot! The garlic chili naan is a must. We also really liked the chicken makhani! Very good - will definitely order again!Amazing food! Really enjoyed the chicken saag, lamb vindaloo, and vegetable samosas. Delivery via Caviar was quick and easy!Very good casual Indian cuisine. Amazing samosa chaat, naan, lamb vindaloo, though is borderline too spicy and I love spicy food. Was a little underwhelmed by the portion of the gobi manchurian, but was cooked very well. Plus restaurant is BYOB! Would highly recommend if your in the mood for slighly more casual sit down or take outOne of Best Indian food I've had! More importantly one of the cleanest restaurants I've ever been! Clean plates, forks, glasses, etc! Reasonable price!Post COVID reviews are going to be such fun! Lol. Any way we got delivery from this place 2 weekends in a row. The first time we focused on indo-Chinese cuisine, got the basic chicken lollipop, Hakka noodles and chicken Manchurian. The food was on point, flavorful yet not overwhelming. Packaging was good and recyclable. 
The second time we wanted to try the true Indian cuisine and ordered the biryani and butter chicken. Slightly disappointed. But it's definitely worth trying.I'm three bites into my coconut lamb curry & I'm writing fast so i can get back to eating it: THIS PLACE IS GREAT! absolutely delicious, great portions! go there go there!Lazeez is a fantastic restaurant! My family and I have ordered take out from them a few times since they've opened, and we've really enjoyed our meals. Their lamb biryani is some of the best we've had. We're really excited to have Lazeez in the neighborhood.Did we come on the wrong day? We ordered pickup and were so excited to try this place out. We were so disappointed in what we had - it was pretty bland and we weren't asked for a spice level so it has no spice either. The samosas were good, really the only saving grace, but unless we're starving we won't be back.Decided to try a new Indian place for take out, and this one caught my interest on Yelp. We got the papdi chaat, gobi Manchuria, garlic chili naan, and malai kofta. Everything was pretty good! Chaat was crispy, but I wish it had a little more chutney on it. The gobi was a really nice texture, but slightly too salty for me. The naan was covered in a lot of garlic, which I LOVE, and the kofta was pillowy and had a creamy tomatoey gravy. I'm itching to try another order soon--maybe the bhindi or a paneer dish!Ordered take out for pick up. I had not eaten Indian food in quite some time. Ordered lamb and was also pleasantly surprised to receive a complimentary soup. My selections were very tasty! Friendly staff.Ordered takeout from here and it was great! So happy to have this place in the neighborhood because it will satisfy my cravings for South Asian food. Plenty for leftovers and super reasonable prices.Fast service and delicious food. We had the vegetable mamosas and the garlic chilly Naan. We had lamb curry and Malai chicken for my friend that likes to play on the safe side. Over all I recommend it!I've lived in Philadelphia for 12 years and after trying too many Indian restaurants to remember, I was resigned to just getting frozen Trader Joe's as nothing we've had here was any better. Finally great Indian in Philly, similar to what we'd get in NYC. Everyone order from them!! They are new and I need them to survive COVID. Please don't make me go back to Trader Joe's.Order a few things for delivery based on the great reviews.  We got dahl, chicken korma, lentil soup & garlic naan.  Everything was edible but a bit of a disappointment.  The lentil soup lacked depth of flavor, chicken was rubbery and the dahl was very watery.  The price doesn't warrant the quality of the food.  The only thing my husband and I both liked was the naan.  Maybe the should just run a bakery instead.Came here for the first time and had Iamb vindaloo, Coconut chicken curry, dal, cheese naan, garlic naan. Everything was sooo good. Neighbor gem. Also this place is a byob!Order a few things for delivery based on the great reviews.  We got dahl, chicken korma, lentil soup & garlic naan.  Everything was edible but a bit of a disappointment.  The lentil soup lacked depth of flavor, chicken was rubbery and the dahl was very watery.  The price doesn't warrant the quality of the food.  The only thing my husband and I both liked was the naan.  Maybe the should just run a bakery instead.
Update: They have Daal.  It's on the menu and we ordered it.  We are not confusing this place with another.  We just don't think their food is good and the prices are a bit high for the quality.  The response from the owner makes no sense.Beautiful interior and sweet service, but this just did NOT scratch the Indian Food itch for me.  It almost seemed like they were trying to make it more appealing to Americans.  I regret to say I took one bite of my chicken vindaloo and stopped there.  
Not to say the chicken wasn't a decent cut, BUT, I am used to Tandoor oven roasted chicken being the base of most Indian dishes, and this just had none of the martinated and baked in indian flavors I love--I tried to see if ordering the Tikka Masala would be the cure, but the waiter was able to confirm that the only thing that changes Chicken dish to chicken dish--is the sauce itself.  
Some people might prefer this--the chicken --plain and cubed--has not been marinated, just a plain chicken breast cut up, but it also had that weird, musky chicken taste that sometimes happens when chicken is microwaved, if you know what I mean.  
The Naan also, was more "bready, " and not as light and chewy as I normally love.
This place was highly reccommend to me, but just not my cup of Raita, heh heh.  Good clean place though and very friendly staff, so I am so dissappointed I couldn't give it more stars for authentic Indian.  Maybe I just prefer the grittier street food?The food was great! Indian food is an acquired taste and it took me a few years to acquire it. This place is top notch. I'm currently abstaining from meat, dairy and fried foods and I didn't feel like cooking. I also wanted something warm and hearty. They have a great vegetarian selection and the soups that I ordered were flavorful and had a great mixture of spices. The prices are reasonable and delivery was quick. I would definitely order from here again.I ordered the chicken tikka, garlic naan and samosa and it was great! Delighted to have a new Indian restaurant in the neighborhood. I snuck a peek at the interior and the decor is fresh and clean and minimalist. Looking forward to eating inside sometime soon. Thanks Lazeez and welcome to Bella Vista!Very very good. First time trying them and called a takeout order in.
Classics:
CTM
Vindaloo
Garlic naan
Veggie samosas
Nice on the phone. Nice on the pickup. Gonna definitely check them out for indoor once We're past COVID.Perhaps my new favorite Indian restaurant in the city? Or at least in South Philly! We ordered delivery for Chicken Curry and Chicken Makhani with a side of chili naan. 
Delivery was quick, food came hot, & portion sizes were great. Only complaint would be they didn't label the food so we had to taste test to figure out which was which. 
We asked for extra spicy and they DELIVERED on that request. This was the spiciest Indian Curry I've ever had. I LOVE spice but a lot of restaurants water down the spice level - not here! Next time I'll probably go with normal spicy vs requesting extra spicy.  The sauce was delicious with huge chunks of chicken.  My fiance also really enjoyed his Makhani.
I did originally want the chicken vindaloo, which is listed on their menu but not when ordering delivery, so I'm excited to try that next time.Our new favorite Indian restaurant! We loved everything we ordered (for delivery during Covid), which included: coconut chicken curry, beef kabobs, samosas, and naan. It's not the cheapest Indian food, but it's very nice quality. The whole time we were eating, my husband was going, "Mmmmm." That's when I know he really loves it!Excellent food! We are always happy with our order from Lazeez because it is so consistently good. One of our go-to places in Philly!Ordered delivery.  Food was on time and delicious.  I had the vegan kofta with naan bread and onion chutney.  I can't wait to order from them again.  Highly recommended.This space specializes in Indo-Chinese and one day when it's not 98 degrees I want to eat their Gobi Manchurian and Hakka noodles! They had good distancing practices for takeout, and the food was really good. I only got the naan, papri chaat, and a salt lassi because it was so hot but they were all very very good. Great addition to neighborhood eats.Tasty Indian food. The meat is so flavourful and well cooked. I have tried this place couple of times and the quality has been up to the mark.Happy to have some very good standard Indian so close to us! Just picked up lunch which was a good deal (and they were kind enough to throw in some complimentary dal). Hope to see them survive, it must be hard to open during SIP - welcome to the neighborhood! We had:
lamb korma - finally a korma in the city that isn't to sweet! loved it. 
coconut chicken curry - loved this one's deep flavor and will get next time instead of the tikka masala - definitely has visible fine shredded coconut in the sauce
palak paneer - good flavor but texture was more pureed than we are used to, would still order again
chicken tikka masala - our only miss: too sweet for my taste 
garlic naan - so good! lots of fresh garlic and ghee, thin but tender and bubbly, looked just like the main picture posted.
mango lassi - not too sweet, packed perfectly to withstand carryoutNice cozy restaurant in south Philly.
Prices are reasonable.
Food is good.
Hostess and ambience is relaxingWe were super impressed the first time we ordered. 
Second time a little less. And have decided it's not worth it the third time around. 
They offer standard Indian and indo Chinese food. And honestly the first we ordered l, the food was fresh, appetizing, not too greasy, the taste was just right. But this last Friday we ordered the same things and it tasted stale, flavors were off and just not the same. 
I am hoping that they were just having an off day, but you can be thGot delivery, tasty chicken tikka, palak paneer, malai kofta, coconut curry. Yum!! 
Also excellent rice pudding
Error with delivery (likely fault of door dash) was fixed by restaurant, much appreciatedThis is my new favorite take out place! They are open for takeout and delivery during COVID so please order from them and support this new local gem!
Their veggie samosas are the best I've had in Philly. I love spice and they have a little bite to them so non-spice lovers you might think it's a little spicy. 
I've also had their chicken curry, malai kofta, chicken makhani, naan, and kheer. Everything is amazing. So far my favorite is the malai kofta, but I want to try more things from their menu. I can't wait to order from y'all again!Lazeez is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  Though Philly is top-notch for its culinary scene, its Indian offerings have long been lacking.  This is up there with Amma's and Dana Mandi in quality and authenticity.  It's pricier than its competitors, but the ingredient quality and subtlety of flavors more than makes up for it.  The chicken biryani and lamb vindaloo are noteworthy, and the sesame naan has excellent texture.We ordered delivery and it cane quick.  
I ordered the fish masala and it was very good. However, for a 20 dollar dish, I expected more fish than the sauce and well, more in the quantity of the entire dish. 
We also ordered gobi Manchurian. It was good. I had put down mild but next time I will put medium.  
Will try the place out again.Randomly ordered from here on a Thursday night because I was too lazy to cook. Idk how I found out about this place but saw it had good reviews and it did not disappoint. Exceeded all my expectations and desires. Literally the best Indian ever. So happy it's only an 8 min walk away. How have we not discovered lazeez yet.... This is dangerous. I'll be back soon lol. The chicken tikka masala medium spice level was perfect. Thank you to the employee who helped us gauge the spice level. Samosa was also very good but the chicken was to die for. Quick pickup service. Well packaged and came home hot. Perfect. Fair pricing too for the city. And the quality was just too notch. There's only one other place who makes their sauce this creamy and delicious and it's a place we found in Pittsburgh years ago. THANK YOU FOR FINALLY GIVING ME MY FAVE INDIAN SPOT at home here in philadlephia. I can't wait to order again.... COME HERE NOW and you better order the chicken tikka masala if you know what's good for you. That is all. Literally fire.