I had to write an order after coming here a couple of times because this place is just terrible. I tried their hoagies and they are so greasy i got nauseous after eating them... Then yesterday i accidently ordered from here instead of angelinos and i got the buffalo chicken sandwhich and it was just covered in blu cheese and greasy sauce it was so Disgusting.  All their food is terribly greasy and over seasoned its too much.. Back off on it a little and use freasher ingredients it will be much better!
Ill also add that their desserts suck, taste bland and a waste of money. Their sodas are usually expired and flat. I hate everything about this place!This is our go-to takeout place. It has great food and exceptionally fast service. I live at 2601 Parkway and they deliver right to the door of my condo which many delivery places don't do. Their staff is friendly, make great pizza, and generally run such a business as best you can.The pizza was the best we've had in the Fairmount/Art Museum/Brewerytown area and we've probably tried 5 or so.  The pepperoni was a little crispy (good thing) and the wings were, too.  That last one is really surprising since there are so many soggy wings out there.  Lazos does it right.  They gave me Sprite instead of Coke but otherwise this was a very good pizza+wing combo.  Will order again!Great cheesesteak! Friendly and fast service. Lazo's really made my day.My boyfriend and I needed a quick bite and wanted some solid pizza. We were not disappointed. This place was so good. The pizza slices are HUGE and they put so much toppings on speciality slices you will not be disappointed. Oh and the mozz sticks are perfect !!! I recommend x10 for some solid pizza etc in philly, cute little place, love the local feels.Tried the cheesesteak, Italian hoagie and mozzarella fries. All were delicious and the price is reasonable. Nice people too-I asked for a to-go box for the rest of my hoagie and they wrapped it up for me and put it in a bag. Wasn't expecting that from a walk in pizza place. Overall, great food and great service.Looking for a solid pizza joint in our new city. Ordered a cheese and a Greek white pizza for delivery. Pizza was delicious, chewy and slightly sweet crust, and delivery was fast! Consistent and not pretentious.Ordered from here for the first time tonight. I got jalepeno poppers which were by far the best i've ever had, although they were a little pricey.
I also ordered a small plain pizza, and after I finished off the poppers I opened up the pizza and realized there were mushrooms on it.  I was alright with that, to me I just got lucky with a free topping, but if it had been some kind of meat I would have been pretty bummed (I'm a vegetarian).  The pizza was really tasty, Crust was a little softer then I prefer but it was real good. I will definitely order from here again, maybe not for a little while just cause it is more expensive then other places.
Also delivery was fast, and the guy called me right when he got to my house. A big problem I have with delivery places is when they call before they actually get to your house, cause I live pretty far out in the ghetto and I don't like standing around outside after they call... but these guys were right out front when they called me.What can I say: A solid pizza shop with fast and friendly service. Their pizza is top notch and sandwiches are also good. The owner, Lazo, is always at the shop overseeing business and it reflects in the service. Lazo's is my "go-to" pizza shop.The owner Lazo is a very friendly guy who once opened the door for me 10 mins after closing so I could grab a slice to go. The pizza crust is incredible and they have a vast menu. I miss this place in my old neighborhood.The food here was mediocre.  
The pizza was greasy and cold.  The crust lacked flavor/taste.  The cheese was barely melted on the top.
The other items (chicken parm and chicken wrap) we ordered were average/below-average, but certainly nothing tasted good enough to order from here again.
Also the delivery was past the estimate.
We will not be ordering from here again.I ordered a supreme pizza , and chicken Caesar wrap. It was delicious, full of flavor. My only issue is the soggy end of the pizza , but I still ate it! Delivery took expected time (30-40 mins). I'll definitely continue to order on weekends.Man I love it here! I've ordered the pizza, wings, stromboli, calzone, and chicken cheesesteak. Not many times can you order food from a pizza place and it all tastes really good. The owner is also very polite and makes your business feel welcomed. Definite top pizza place in Fairmount.I found this spot through Grubhub and trusted the reviews... Although the service was quick, the pizza was pretty gross (totally soggy). 
Sorry Lazos, probably won't try you again.I want to like this place it's so close to where I recently moved but after 3 times and trying 3 different dishes I am officially done.
The food in my opinion is over priced for what it is- I don't mind paying a little more for above average food but this place doesn't cut it.
Got the fajita wrap and it was so greasy that the wrap was completely soggy and falling apart to the point where it was fell into pieces. The fajita was actually chopped up chicken (like you'd find in a chicken cheese steak). It was 9 dollars and absolutely not worth it- even to my ridiculously hungover want to eat something fatty and greasy self.
Next time got another wrap- it came with fried chicken not grilled- okay my fault I should have specified but typically not used to getting fried chicken in a chicken wrap. Also flavorless and at 9 dollars not worth it at all. The honey mustard was gross, the chicken was over cooked and greasy.
Next time- grilled chicken Apple walnut salad with mozzarella cheese. The mozzarella cheese was literally flavorless pizza cheese, the apples were completely rotten and mushy had to pick them out and toss them and the salad itself was wet so when the dressing was mixed in it was a watered down mess of a 10 salad. 
I give up on this place. Not to mention like others have said the owner is rude. I've asked questions such as "does the Greek salad come with chicken" and was answered condescendingly no it comes with feta. Um for 9 dollars without protein sorry thought I was missing something ?
Skip this place is my suggestion I know I will be going the few extra blocks for more edible food that is less expensive.I've lived in the neighborhood since I moved to Philly in May, 2014, and this has definitely been my go-to spot for pizza. Besides good pizza, wings, and other items, Lazo is a cool ass dude. And, there's always Stewart's pop.Lazos has the best pizza in Philly. I think they are a little pricier than your average local pizza joint, but I still buy it. The honey barbecue wings are also pretty good. 
If I wasn't a Registered Dietitian, I would probably eat here once a week. I get a slice about once per month and the wings maybe once every 2-3 months. Both are a really good treat on a cook-free night.
The staff are also very nice. That's always a plus for me. I highly recommend Lazos.I used to live right around the block and I was a regular at lazos. I moved  out to manayunk, but try to still go at least once a week because the food is incredible. The oven rustic buffalo chicken sandwich is literally the best sandwich I have ever had, and their pizza is among the best in Philly. I can not recommend this place highly enough, and the family that owns and works here are extremely kind and courtesy.Omg. No...Just no. I ordered a cheesesteak pizza with fried onion chopped small. I received a burnt , hard large disc of mess. It was so hard and dry i was speechless. I took the loss and never ordered again.Excellent quality pizza for the price. Large cheese pizza for $10.95. I used Grubhub and got my food delivered. Food arrived 10 minutes early and the driver was friendly. All things considered definitely a 5 star experience. Will order again!I can't stand this place.  Called and was cursed out for no reason.  I guess we were ordering to much and the guy couldn't keep up so he started yelling at me. The pizza is to sweet anyway so screw them. Uncle nicks has better pizza and they're crust is way tastier.Consistent, accurate, friendly. My go to spot. Delivery is fast and drivers are friendly.  I LOVE THIS PLACE...
And oh yeah, tell 'em Big Texas sent you!Cheese steaks are scary, turn and run. 0 stars if I was being generous but yelp doesn't allow that.Lazos is a great go to for delivery pizza. If there was an award for speediest pizza delivery in Philly, they would definitely win it! Ingredients are fresh and they've found the perfect balance between bread, sauce, cheese ratio, something that can be difficult for delivery pizza creators. Y'all know what I'm talking about. Try it, and then try not to eat the whole thing in one sitting. It's that good.Decided to do takeout pizza for a little get-together. Ordered large plain pie, large supreme pie, and a small special calzone. The pizza arrived still crispy, the cheese didn't slide in the box. The calzone was also still crispy and not soggy. The calzone was the best part! A great idea for pizza in the area!I've ordered delivery from here 3 times now and I've been happy with the food overall. I did get some pretty sad onion rings which was unfortunate, however i really liked the cheesesteaks. It wasnt greasy or soggy and delivery was fast. I also got the Supreme pizza and my little party inhaled it. It was really good and well cooked, so this might be my new spot because I've been searching for my go to pizza delivery place. So far my orders have only included the above food selections but its been consistently satisfying and eventually ill try more on the menu.Great staff and good food. Make sure you get the buffalo chicken cheese steak with fries. It'll knock you socks offSimply put. their food is consistently good. Stromboli's, wings, pizza, cheese steaks. its all really good. Only small complaint is their fried chicken pieces are small but the broccoli and mashed potato sides are fresh!I order here about twice a month. They have a great selection and the food is consistently . I've really ordered all over the menu but the only thing I steer clear of is the pizza. Maybe I'm spoiled being from the NYC area, but the crust is awful. I love the online ordering and their delivery is speedy!I've had a pleasant experience each time I get delivery from here. Always prompt and courteous drivers, who couldn't be nicer. Their pizza isn't the best I've had but I'll keep coming back for the people and the selection. I suggest sticking to the general orders, pizza pasta steaks, mainly because I haven't tried anything else. Their salads are adequate, and fresh. I will say they have bomb mozz sticks. I would definitely recommend for anyone looking for reliable Philly pizza.There is something magical about their cheese and crust. 
I recommend getting a large pizza with extra cheese and bacon... Some nights it's all I dream of.First of all, this place has 4 star food. Very solid and reliable every time. I like the pepperoni cheese steak and buffalo fingers, pizza is good too. What makes this 5 stars is the people. They are the fastest delivery I've ever seen, less than 20 minutes many times. And the drivers are all very courteous and chillin. If you go into the shop you will get greeted with a smile and probably be called "honey" by the lady that is in there. This place is great, viva la lazos!I would never order here again.  All my co-workers do but everytime I have for some reason it is my order that is wrong and you could never tell them something is missing because it is an arguement.  The food is not bad, but I found not worth someone yelling at me that it was in the bag.  Now I found much better food in the Fairmount area.  Thanks to bad customer service.Ordered a small white pizza and a cheesesteak with wiz. Pizza was satisfactory. Asked for extra wiz in comments.  Didn't get the extra Wiz and looks like their regular wiz game is awful. See pic. It really angered me how skimpy they were with it.Was craving pizza and stopped in on a whim.  Pleasantly surprised as their slices were big and tasty! Sweet sauce great crust and little grease! While waiting on my slices the staff was friendly and entertaining! If the slices were that good I can't wait to order a whole pie!My friend and I had the supreme pizza, and it was delicious! Their crust is chewy and the ingredients tasted fresh. They definitely don't skimp on the toppings and they come out of the oven hot. One slice of their pizza is filling. I only finished half of my slice.Pizza is delicious -- the dough is slightly sweet, which we love. Hoagies and strombolis are delicious too (and enormous!) and delivery is always super fast. Our go-to pizza place.This pizza was very much over priced compared to what it should be.  The pizza is nothing special. Sauce is..interesting and the pizza itself is quite greasy making the thin crust soggy not crunchy and preventing a good bite. 
My wings were dry and the mozzarella sticks were not made in house guessing my taste and appearance.It took just about 20 minutes for my delivery order of chicken fingers, an Italian hoagie, and a small pizza to arrive at my door the other night. Twenty minutes! All were piping hot and ranked among the best delivery items I've had thus far in Fairmount.
The cheese pizza was cut into small slices, which was perfect for me. It was gooey and slightly greasy but still crispy -- just how a pizza should be. My five-piece chicken tender box came with six instead. A nice surprise! I also requested honey mustard. The chicken was very good, and much what you'd expect from a pizza place. Finally, the Italian hoagie was huge and made as ordered (without tomatoes or onions, with mayo). The meats tasted fresh and the bread was good too.
All around, I had a positive first delivery experience with Lazos and will keep them in the future rotation.My wife and I are so lucky that our close neighborhood pizza spot is Lazo's. 
You're welcomed with a smile and a "Hello" and the food is always hot and ready fast. 
And the food is delicious. Not just the pizza, but anytime we pop in just for slices we know we will have delicious, loaded-with-toppings slices 
I've had a lot of the different menu items and feel you can't go wrong for the price with the fried chicken dinner. 
In Fairmount? Forget the rest and head to Lazo's.Delivery was as expected, on time per the estimated time by GrubHub.
I ordered the fried chicken platter, which at $10.05 + tax or $13 with delivery, pre tip is not a bad deal, it comes with 4 pieces, garlic bread, 2 sides and  a side salad. 
The side salad is good, standard -- a bit of romaine lettuce, green pepper, tomato and with side of balsamic. Garlic bread is standard as well, hoagie bread sliced in half, spread with rubbed garlic and butter and toasted. I didn't really enjoy my sides though. The broccoli was a sad forest green color, overcooked and not seasoned at all. The mashed potatoes were okay, but they're the box flakes that you make at home.. I couldn't mistake that taste, I grew up on that when my parents were working and i was home alone.. 
The fried chicken is pretty good, it's fried well and juicy inside. This may be a personal taste, but I don't like their fried breading, it's got a bit of sweetness to it -- but I like my fried chicken salty, like Popeyes. Next time I'll stick to Popeyes, but never had pizza here ... so we'll see!admittedly not my first choice for pizza in the hood, but decent enough and they're open till 11 on weeknights which helped returning late from a recent work trip. they seem to care about their customers as they reached out to me to confirm the 'future order' which mine defaulted to was my intent (it wasn't).Ordered delivery Saturday and was pleasantly surprised at how fast the food came and how friendly the delivery driver was. Unfortunately -- that's where the good stuff ends. My mom had shrimp scampi that tasted like someone literally threw shrimp on an entire box of spaghetti noodles and poured lemon juice on it. The jumbo shrimp were also more like medium shrimp with jumbo sized breading.  Really disappointed, especially given the reviews.Tried the buffalo chicken pizza for the 1st time this week and I'm a fan. It was really good compared to some of the other buffalo pizza I've tried elsewhere. However, it was a little on the greasy side if you can get past that. Also tried the broccoli bites which were fried broccoli and cheese deliciousness.No complaints! Fast delivery and cheapest delivery fee I've seen at $1.50. Love the white pizza with spinach and garlic. Wings are tasty too!I ordered wings from here I asked for "Extra Hot" sauce and got home and I had no sauce on my wings....Boy what a let down....besides that my bacon fries were good.If your looking for a good American pizza shop where the food is good and inexpensive you have found it. The sandwiches here are amazing especially if you get the rustic roll. Delivery time is usually on time and open later in the evening. Def dangerous as the prices are low and you end up ordering more than you will ever eat but the food is bomb so left overs are a must.Great place very small inside not bad prices. Double deck burger was 7 bucks drink are all bottled or glass ect. It's half a gas station in there tons to get.  Great service pretty fast service. Highly recommendBeen eating here for over 3 years. (I live half a block away). The pizza and rustic sandwiches have been a staple of my weekly diet ever since. The people who work here are nice and polite. I literally set a timer for 15 minutes every single time I order and all but two busy times my food was ready as soon as i arrived.  The portions are great and their buffalo chicken pizza is very good.  I've never had a bad meal, any of the sandwiches, rustic sandwiches, hoagies, or pizzas I've had have been excellent.Best pizza, good hoagies and amazing boneless buffalo wings!!!!
Favorite place in the area.I have order pizza from this place few times. Most of the time it turns out ok. Well today I order it again and this time I got a small piece of stone in my veggie pizza!Awesome food!!!! Just ordered 3 xl pizzas and 60 wings for 9 people.  Had plenty of food and everything was delicious.  Piping hot and they delivered within 30 mins.  Will definitely be ordering from here again.......My go to pizza! Quick delivery, even faster pick up. Friendly staff. Pizza is good, not amazing but consistent. Perfect for last minute meals! If you haven't tried it, you are missing out!I LOVE Lazos.  I go there pretty frequently since they are half a block from my apartment.  And I loved everything I get there.
I like the cheesesteak.  But my absolute favorite is the oven rustic honey mustard chicken sandwiche.  With tomatoes, roasted red peppers and provolone cheese with perfectly cooked chicken, I fall in love everytime.  And their french fries are very crispy - just the way I like them.
The owners are also always pleasant.  Smiles all around.  Definitely give them a try!Pizza was good and delivery was pretty fast for a Sunday. Would order again next time I'm in townOrdered wings.  Not too bad! Non breaded, very crispy, quite large. Don't live around here but next game night it's happeningThis was my first time eating at Lazos and their pizza is delicious :) They're listed as 4 stars, but they're a 5 star restaurant in my book :)Lazo's is the best pizza I have ever had, and this is not a title I give out lightly.  
My boyfriend and I are something of pizza connoisseurs, having sampled slices from basically every neighborhood from South, Central, North, and Northeast Philadelphia.  Whenever we get hungry, it just seems like the easiest option.  When Lu started building a studio facility in Brewerytown, naturally our first inclination was to find a pizza place and grab some slices after we were done working.  When a friend from the neighborhood suggested Lazo's, we knew we had to make the extra schlep just to try this bounty.  
Now, I've never been one to judge a place by it's decor, so let's just start off by saying this is no hipster joint with chalkboards all around and wood furnishing and all that bull.  It's an old-style linoleum-floored fake-granite-veneered greasy spoon.  So I wasn't expecting to be blown out the water when I sunk my teeth into the first bite.  Here's the run-down:
SLICES:  moderately sized.  Not extraordinarily big, but very satisfying.  The key here is that you can get toppings a la carte, which makes a perfect double-cooked slice of pizza where the cheese is chewy, the toppings are fresh, and the sauce is hot. 
SAUCE.  Oh my god.  The sauce is seriously the best I've ever had.  It's slightly sweet with a big savory undertone and seasoned perfectly.  I could seriously eat a bowl of this sauce.  I think I might next time I go there.
SERVICE:  These guys are so nice.  Once you go in once, they remember your face, name, and what you do for a living. Lazo is an amazing guy, and the people he hires are just as nice.
RECOMMENDATIONS:  Cheese slice, Greek slice, pizza fries.
They don't deliver very far, but it's the kind of place I will make the extra effort to get to just so that I can eat that magnificent pizza.  Good lord.  Go try it!If you are looking for a good slice of pizza, check this place out. Fast and friendly customer service and the best pizza in the city. Hands down.You can't go wrong here. Great food, great service. Quick turnaround.
I have ordered from Lazos about 10 times now and have always been impressed by the quality of the food and care that is taken to make sure everything exceeds expectations. The staff is quite friendly, and they put that good nature in the food.  Their pizza is wonderful. Wings are good too. 
It is one of the only places I've ordered from where everything delivered has been excellent (even things you expect don't get ordered much).Awesome customer service. Fast delivery.  Delicious late night pizza.
I could definitely see why a health nut would bitch about the high grease level of this pizza.  But, why are you judging/ eating pizza if you're a health nut and don't like to indulge?  Usually pizza is greasy, but this is an exceptionally high greaser:) YUM!  
The dough is ultra ultra thin and floppy, with a soft, golden, thicker crust(LOVE it).
Very light on the sauce, which is pretty tangy.  I don't mind light sauce, so no beef with that.
The cheese was good, but a little congealed.  The cheese still had an under layer of hot stringy-ness to it.
Just love the dough and crust to pie density.
I'm down with Lazos, thus far.My lazy weekday night meals are usually from Lazo's. It's close to my house so whenever I get a delivery, they arrive in virtually no time. Always piping hot pizzas and wings for me and my friends to share. 
Last night I walked over with my boyfriend and we had cheesesteaks to eat at the place. I like the place even more after the visit - it's kept so clean. From the glass doors to the ketchup bottles and parm cheese shakers. Everything is wiped down neatly and displayed perfectly. Clean seatings, clean floor and friendly service by the counter employee. 
I will be returning frequently!Can you give a rating of less than one star? 
The food is here terrible.  Not one item in particular - everything on the menu is soaked in grease.  Bread is soggy.  Fries are beyond stale.  Meat tastes like it was cooked yesterday and reheated.  
The wait is twice as long as it should be.  Does it really take an hour to prepare a pizza (not including delivery time).  Regardless of the day of the week or time of day, count on your food taking twice as long as they say it will be.
Some of the comments on Yelp say that the owner is a nice guy, particularly for regular customers.  I've never found him to be anything other than a stingy a**hole.  When confronted with either the duration of the prep time - again, it's never ready when they say it will be - or the quality of the food, I'm basically told to deal with it.
I'll take my business elsewhere.Love this place, order from here all the time, the food is great and delivery time as always super fast.$11 for a cheese pie the size of a manhole and with just the right amount of chewiness in the crust. I am a total fan.This place is just perfect!   The owner (?) is always there and incredibly friendly.  They have an extensive menu and no matter when I call, they always say 10 to 15 minutes for pick up.  The food is exactly what I want when I am ordering this kind of food.  I just love the buffalo chicken stromboli, the white pizza, and I did like the cheesesteak!  And occasionally I do get a salad (along with one of the above heart-stoppers) and it is full of good veggies and actual romaine lettuce.  I really love this place.Always great pizza, whether pepperoni or Greek white, and of course, the service is normally great. The owner, Lazo, is exceptionally personable and greets us whenever we enter his establishment. Lazo's has become a clutch neighborhood food spot, for sure.my girlshwank loves this place- i think it's just run-of-the-mill.. they do have 2 stand out options: 1 being the meatball sub and 2 being the buffalo chicken cheese steak. i ordred a regular cheese steak the other night- it was good, not great. the best part about it was that it wasn't greasy. we've also had a plain cheese pizza which is comparable to frozen pizza.5 reasons for 5 starts
1. Lazo is the man. 
2. His pizza is great. 
3. Soccer on the TV, always.
4. Lazo will make you a custom slice if you are friendly.
5. His pizza is great
The menu has about 4,000 things on it but I've only ever ordered pizza.Lazo's has the best pizza I usually get a Cheese, or BBQ Chicken. Lazos uses quality, fresh ingredients and works hard to make excellent pizza, and sandwiches the right way. I have ordered everything from wings, burgers, hoagies, and sandwiches. Definitely order from Lazos and give them a try.Pizza is pretty good, but the whole fried chicken wings are excellent. The owner is very nice and keeps me coming back.Best boneless honey BBQ wings ever. I could eat them by the dozens.
Meh pizza. Philly seems to have that on lock.Updated Review: after multiple trips to Lazos I think they deserve another star.  I mainly go there for pizza and their salads and since my last review they have been really consistent so the extra star is well deserved!If you're looking for fantastic, unpretentious delivery pizza, look no further. Lazo's is completely solid, with a crust that's somehow chewy and crispy at the same time, and great sauce to boot. It excites me that I can get pizza this good for this price, in a place disguised as your average neighborhood joint.
The one thing I'll say is, avoid getting slices, get the whole pies instead. Slices are bigger and don't taste quite as fresh, as I assume they have them hanging around for when people order them, but most patrons here get whole pies, and they're a much better representation of what this place has to offer. 
I have tried a cheesesteak from there. It was tasty, but is not their strongsuit. Delicious roll and a good heaping of cheez whiz, but the steak was a little dry and pretty average. 
The people who work there are also really nice and make you feel extremely welcome. They're very thankful to have your business there.Food Sucked pizza was horrible the mozzarella sticks were mediocre and the sauce for the mozzarella sticks was coldGreat food! Great service! Speedy delivery! The pizza is delicious! Lazos is my favorite delivery restaurant!This review is on the delivery service. Last Friday, I ordered from Lazos for the first time after reading so many great Yelp reviews. I got a medium (14 in.) Supreme Pizza that came with an abundant amount of toppings: pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms, and a LOT of cheese (I asked them to remove the onions and green peppers that typically come with this pizza). 
Even though I called close to their closing time, Lazos still accommodated me and kindly took my order. My pizza was delivered within 20-30 minutes in perfection condition-- nice and hot. Quality-wise, the pizza was made of fresh ingredients and the crust was slightly chewy, but still crispy on the outside. I loved that the crust was not too thin or too thick, and it also had a subtle sweet taste, which was different from any other pizza I've had. Keep in mind, as a New Yorker, I am extremely picky about my pizza, so my approval of Lazos' pizza says a lot! 
My delivery order came out to be roughly $16 (delivery fee included), which is not the most affordable, but still reasonable and most definitely worth it when considering how yummy and cheesy the pizza is! Can't wait to order from here again the next time I need a late-night pizza fix.The new "go to" in fairmount. 
Great pizza when hot out the oven. 
Great sandwiches. 
Always quick pickup. 
Friendly staff
The guy in there who seems to be owner always with big hello and is generous with repeat business. 
Clean for eat in as well.Had the white pizza with ricotta. I added tomatoes, salt, and oregano. Really good. A bit pricier than other places nearby. One thing I always look for is how the pizza will hold up the next day, and this one was still soft and chewy. 
Will try another selection in the near future.Great spot. I bought two slices on my card (was not denied for minimum) and asked for a cup of water - which the owner happily gave me. Upon a request to refill he gave me a bottle of water for free and thanked me for my business! Thanks brother! Good vibes