Stopped by here on a bitterly cold night last week shortly before closing. Unfortunately, we didn't know it was cash-only, which meant that we had to scrape together coins just to get the entree we wanted and couldn't try the ginger juice. The yassa fish (whole) was tasty although the pile of sauteed onions was a little excessive, as much as I love them, and the rice was unremarkable. Still a good portion for $12 including tax. The service was a little inattentive, but then again it was nearly midnight.Holy crap this place was delicious! Took my boyfriend here for his birthday, since they had a pretty sweet menu full of paleo options, and we couldn't have had a better meal. The plantains were AMAZING. Setting isn't anything to write home about and there was a bit of a language barrier - but everything we ordered was spot on. He got the fish and I got the chicken breast with rice. Couldn't have been tastier...we will certainly be back.Delicious food and fast. However when we first walked in the lady didn't say anything to us, we didn't even realized she worked there until I asked.Great!  We got the fried fish with plantains and peanut stew with lamb.  Either dish could have easily fed both of us, and very affordable. Both were delicious, but the crispy blackened tilapia with onion salsa + plantains was the winner.  Also loved the housemade ginger and hibiscus juices.  Definitely going back here!The food here is pretty good. The ginger juice is very good and refreshing.  This place is pretty small but we did not have a problem with seating.  I would not say this place is good for groups of more than 4 or 5. Trust me you are not paying for the ambiance.  They seem to do a great deal of takeout as well.  We would probably do takeout in the future. The waitress was very pleasant.  If you are looking for a super clean establishment this may not be your place. There were a few flies around..After eating here I felt like I had been on vacation. The 'ambiance' there is not like american restaurants - very juvenile artwork or african safaris, diner booths, a guy in the corner weaving something, and black people speaking french. it was so cool. 
AND i was so happy this was not like the african food i've had in the past, which was only Ethiopian (we have 3 Ethiopian restaurants within a 1/4 mile). Most people i know love Ethiopian food, but I dont. I find if soggy and sour and one note tastes.
This was nothing like that, and because Senegal is (or was, excuse my ignorance) a french territory, they use some cream sauces, they offer both savory and dessert crepes, plus all kinds of grilled meats and fish.
We had a grilled chicken, an entire half chicken. it had good spices on it and was nicely charred. we also had something that looked like, and tasted a little like couscous, but it was actually kasava. 
our waitress was very sweet, but her english was not so great, so getting questions answered was tough.
main dishes are about $10, and i think we shared it and the kasava. i seem to remember some beans too. it was a while ago.
the bill comes out verbally, as in, not written down. so, pay attention to what the price is on the menu so you know what part of it to pay. 
it is an interesting experience, and the food was different and A+.
oh, and its a byob, which is always a plus.
i really hope this joint stays around!For some reason I expected the food here to take a long time.  Maybe it's my experiences with other African restaurants.  I was running late, so I had my friend order first while he waited.  I had looked up the menu and read reviews prior.  Brilliant right?  He texted me back in like 10 minutes and said the food was ready.  
So I got the grill fish and plantains.  You get this plump whole fish with a nice heaping of onion on top.  And a plentiful mound of plantains.  Simple, clean, wonderful.  Also, there's this side hot sauce on the plate.  It didn't phase me too much, but I liked the taste.  It phased my friend quite a bit, but he liked the taste.  His dish of lamb chops and cous cous looked great, and he confirmed.  
Luckily, there was no one there by the time we got our food (maybe my plan was brilliant), because a herd of college students came in and plates upon plates were pouring out of the kitchen.  There was one waitress so those students may include the slow service in their review, but I didn't experience this.  But that doesn't change the fact that this place gives you good food and good portions at a great price.Despite the large screen TV and the friendly but inconsistent service, food was really good. especially the flavorful yassa fish and ginger juice.  we inadvertently ordered two dishes that were primarily couscous (a veggie platter and then a cassava/couscous dish) which was too bad -- wish we had gone with the plantains.I did a scary thing... I didn't yelp a place before I went for dinner.  
I was being a grump and couldn't decide what I wanted to eat so I told my roommate to pick a place, not tell me, and I'll go and not Yelp it or look at a menu.  So when we walked into the tiny restaurant with it's pizzeria-esque booths, I became a little nervous.  But my roommate is an experienced Yelper, so I trusted her.  And I'm so glad I did.  
I wasn't familiar with most of the items on the menu, but she suggested getting the yassa half chicken, saying it had an onion gravy on it.  That was enough of a recommendation for me.  When our food came out, I had a massive plate of chicken which was absolutely covered in sauteed onions.  The chicken was tender, perfectly spiced, and incredible when smothered with the onion sauce.  The chicken also came with a mountain of white rice.  I ended up taking more than half of it home for leftovers!  I couldn't believe that I had gotten all this amazing food for $12!!  
The service was a little slow, but after a stressful day at work, it was kind of nice to just sit and relax and chat so I didn't mind it.  Our waitress was very friendly, if not a little confused while we were placing our order.  Overall, this was a great meal at an unbelievable price and I'd gladly come back here.A great little hole-in-the-wall ethnic food joint.
The flavors were exquisite and exotic and the portions were ample.  However, the lamb was very tough and they need to invest in better cutlery that actually cuts!  I was surprised how much I enjoyed the yassa fish (served whole).
Our waitress was very nice, but service was slow (only one guy in the kitchen?).  However, they gave us some free appetizers (little beignet things) and we sipped on the pungently delicious ginger juice while we waited.came here in november with a friend. she ordered the yassa chicken with white rice, i got the fried fish with a side of plantains. it's what everyone else says -- it's good food, slow service, and all a bit greasy (the food and the joint). it was a nice reminder of w.philly diversity, but i probably won't be rushing back here any time soon.This time we got the grilled lamb and fried fish. Lamb was great- charbroiled and tasty. Fish was spot on! 
Both were accompanied by a nice and tangy (but not overpowering) chunky onion relish of sorts...onion marinated with lemon and mustard..So good. Not too oniony and not too tart. 
The bf got the hibiscus drink, which he loved, and the flavor was like a refreshing kick to the tastebuds! 
Did I mention what a steal this place is?!  Each of those entrees comes with a side, and is only $10. Their sides are so delicious- sumptuous rice and beans, fried plantains, amazing roasted potatoes, and other goood stuff. 
You might need to ask the waitress to decode the menu, but it is so worth it. It also assures me that this place is 100% authentic.i eat here at least once a week and am never disappointed. have sampled most of the menu and am most enamored with the lamb.  tender, flavorful, fresh off the grill. i eat a lot of west african cuisine across the east coast and have spent time in senegal -  and this BURKINA FASO (not Senegalese, people!) restaurant is one of my faves.  owners and servers are warm and accommodating ... but it's very laid back and homey so don't expect a lot of formalities.Oh my god, the Brochette Poulet (basically grilled chicken skewers) was totally on point. Not hot spicy, but complex -- flavors stayed in my mouth long after I had demolished the plate. Side salad was plentiful and funny (hard boiled eggs included? I wasn't about to complain, I love that stuff!). 
Lunch companion had the tilapia -- grilled, spiced well, another totally flattened plate in about 20 minutes. Plus you can call ahead and do take-out. I'm planning to stop by there just to get the $2 homemade bottle of ginger juice (it's so much more delicious than that coconut juice swill all the hip convenience stores are selling, and still good for you, ba-dam!).I've never had Senegalese food, and I'm not sure how everything was "supposed" to taste, but I thoroughly enjoyed all the novel flavors. We had no idea what to expect, but we were very satisfied with all the different tastes the food brought. 
My bf and I got:
-ginger pineapple juice..wow! lots of gingery fire in your throat after you finish it, yet just the right amount of pineapple sweetness to balance it out. 
-veggies w/ peanut sauce over rice: a nice toasted flavor..it tastes nothing like watery peanut butter, but is just...good. 
-sauteed potatoes- yummy potatoes with nicely pickled onions that added a pickled taste. good stuff! 
-senegalese fried rice w/ fish- nicely cooked fish served w/ two exotic spreads. one of them had celery seeds and dried hot peppers, and the other one smelled "like a fart" according to the bf, but had a very adventurous taste. it is not for the faint of heart/tastebuds!! the rice was so good! It almost looked like broken rice, and had a unique taste that I can't really describe. This dish also came with cabbage, carrots, and yucca. 
We will DEFINITELY be back. Come here; your tastebuds will thank you!Silly me. I thought I wrote on a review on here about Le Bercail but in actuality I was too busy raving about it on Facebook because I just HAD to tell my friends about Le Bercail. I found this place thanks to good ol' Yelp and decided to do take out since I was on my way to class. I didn't realize that I should have called ahead because they cook it on the spot and the girl informed me that it would take at least 20 minutes...which is when I had to be in class. Luckily she saw my panic and made sure my food was ready earlier. They also graciously accepted the $2 coupon from their website but I ended up tipping them anyway. I got the Dibi lamb with rice and beans and O.M.G. The onions on the lamb and the lamb itself was incredibly flavorful, and the rice and beans...quite possibly the best rice and beans I've ever had and I've had a LOT of rice and beans of different cuisines. For $10 its an absolute steal and it makes great leftovers the next day. I also got their homemade ginger juice which is very gingery  - I like! They have very convenient hours; open 7 days a week until late night. I'm drooling now so I think I'm going to get take out tonight...I had: fish, lamb, chicken, plantains, potatoes.
Mmm mmm. I don't know what makes this food particularly African or French (the place itself is somewhat generic looking) but it is really good and I have happily eaten here several times. The meat is grilled to death -- almost charred -- but that's fine with me. You get a lot for the money. The people who work here are nice, too.Imagine this: fatty chunks of lamb swimming in a pool of creamy peanut butter sauce. Sound appetizing? If so, Le Bercail is your place! This hidden gem of the West Philly food scene dishes up tasty West African dishes for a very reasonable price. My hands-down favorite is the dish I described above: lamb with peanut butter sauce. Other awesome offerings include the Yassa fish (fried Tilapia with a tangy onion sauce) and grilled lamb (savory and succulent).
One word of caution: West African food seems to be rather meat-centric -- especially in contrast to Ethiopian, the more prominent African cuisine in the West Philly food scene. So if you go, be prepared to get your meat on!This place is great! Yelp directed me here and I'm so glad it did! The store front and locale are not the best, but don't be deterred. It's worth it.
I had called earlier in the day to find out their feelings on BYOB, and the guy on the phone said, "Sure!!" I assumed that I was probably the rarity for bringing my own wine but I figured, "What the hell?"
So Jen G. and I show up with wine hidden in a tote. A smiling man approaches our table and I ask him about having wine. He replies, "Oh yeah! I was the one you talked to on the phone!" and he rushed away to get glasses and a cork screw. So that was a happy surprise. 
As far as food...I had did the necessary yelping of the place and pretty much decided on getting the chicken with peanut sauce. As other reviewers have mentioned- it's not like Thai peanut sauce, but much more well rounded with many spices. Jen got the half chicken yassa- smothered with sauteed onions and awesome (yes, I stole a few bites). 
The service was a little slow, but I think there was a language barrier. But never once did we feel out of place or rushed. Everyone was nice and hospitable. I will definitely venture over to Baltimore Ave again!I love how inexpensive the food is at this place. Enjoyed their ginger juice drink numerous times as well. Food takes a while but it does taste like freshly made. The only thing that's a little negative is that they are cash only.I love this restaurant! It's a very well kept secret. The staff here is super friendly and nice. The service is slow, like many people have  mentioned, but that's probably because they are making the food fresh. I have tried the vegetable yassa (very good, but a little too oily for my liking). My favorite dish here is the grilled fish, which I usually order with a side of couscous or fried rice. The fried rice is divine! However, I do suspect that it is not vegetarian because once I found a small piece of meat, so do check with the waiters beforehand.
It's BYO!This is a good find.  The food is tasty, savory and different.  Moreover, it is cheap! The lamb dishes and Yassa chicken were outstanding.  Portions are large so be prepared for take home.  The decor is nothing to write home about, but the restaurant is comfortable.  Give it a try for unexpectedly good experience!!Yummmy!
Service 3.9 Food 4.5 stars :)
Service: took almost a full 5 minutes for the lady to take our order. She came back and forth a few times, never greeting or acknowledging. However, it did look like she and the other in the kitchen were the only ones running the store. There were only 2 tables including mine though fy. But she's super nice.
Food: Yassa fish and Grilled Lamb. Both supperr yummy, you could tell they just cooked it.. totally homemade. Enough to eat there and bring some home!
Drink: Ginger juice is great. Try it!Food amazing.  Price amazing.  Did get slow service once...but got great service the next time.  The place is a gem.Very affordable - huge portions for under $10. The food is fantastic. I am no expert on Senegalese cuisine, but everything was full of flavor and delicious. The atmosphere isn't the cheeriest (not a lot of natural light), but they have cozy booths to make up for it.I've been to Le Bercail so many times since my last review that it's time for an update.
I've since tried a few of the "meat in sauce over rice" dishes, including the CASSAVA LEAF (feuille de manioc), OKRA (gombo), and PEANUT SAUCE. The cassava and okra are pureed and stewed into a unique-tasting sauce.  They're interesting to try but I tend to go back to the peanut sauce, which is rich and delicious. Each dish comes with some chunks of meat stewed in there.
Whole Fish (GRILLED FISH or YASSA FISH) is still good, although it's less tender and juicy than before. Grilled fish is topped with a flavourful oily chopped fresh onion salsa -- the same one served with all the grilled meats. Yassa fish is topped with a tasty sauteed onion-based Yassa sauce -- these onions are cooked and tender.
DIBI CHICKEN (grilled chopped chicken) is sometimes cooked perfectly, and sometimes overcooked and a bit on the dry, stringy side. The chopped up chicken leg (with bone) was topped with the onions.
DIBI LAMB (grilled lamb) is fine but also not as perfectly cooked as I remember from 2012. Topped with the onions.
For sides, I've tried fried plantain, rice and beans, attieke, salad, sauteed potatoes and white rice.  My go-tos are usually the plantains or sauteed potatoes.
I believe they've either changed the kitchen staff or the cooking methods for many of the dishes.  In general, the food is not quite as good or fresh-tasting as it used to be, although it's still a solid spot for West African food if you're in the area.  Service is very good.Apparently, there is free wifi here, but I haven't tried using it. It's a small restaurant - brightly lit, with booth seating. The service varies: the first time I came here, I waited forever for my food, but the service was much faster on my subsequent visits. 
As far as food goes, tchep djain poisson is a pretty solid option. I get this dish every time I come here because it is THAT good. It consists of a perfectly grilled whole tilapia, topped with a flavorful onion topping, and a side of vegetable rice (lightly fried). If you like fish and don't mind picking out some bones, I would highly recommend this dish! I've tried some other dishes, but they were not as good. 
One thing to keep in mind: After leaving this cash-only establishment, beware of your surroundings, especially later in the evening. I was followed by a random person who asked me for money. It's not the restaurant's fault, but just beware of the surroundings on this block.Exactly what I expected.  The food was very good.  The ginger juice they made it worth going alone.  This is very laid back informal atmosphere.  We had the grilled lamb and the vegetable peanut sauce dish.  The peanut sauce dish did not taste like peanut at all.  Not even a little bit, but it was the best thing we ordered.Food tasted as it was re-fried.  We had the chicken and lamb dibi with plantains.  Chicken was okay, lamb wasn't good.  The chicken wrap was okay. 
It might be the way they cook in their country, but wished I would had like it more.  Might be better to for takeout.This is your whole in the wall type place with incredible food. I'd never had Senegalese food, so was excited to try it. It's sort of what you expect if you're combining French and African food (but not Ethiopian food). It's rich, flavorful, creamy. 
I got a vegetable dish with peanut sauce. The sauce was flavorful and rich. So delicious. It came with a huge serving of rice that helped soak it up. My husband got the roast chicken with a side of plantains. He said that the chicken was moist and so good. It looked like a happy, healthy chicken, not the freakishly large kind you get from the grocery store. He got half a chicken! It was covered with some sort of chopped onion sauce. The plantains served on the side are green plantains that have been roasted like potatoes. You should know that plantains are, basically, my favorite food. They were sweet and starchy and delicious.
There isn't really ambiance to speak of. It's casual and the service isn't very great, but it's worth it for the food. It seems like a neighborhood hang out for Senegalese people. The prices are good too!Like someone else mentioned, don't be discouraged if you walk up and it appears to be closed/empty.  Unless it actually says closed, odds are they just forgot to turn the open light on again (which happened when we went).  Service is odd --very friendly, but it appears to be just 1 or 2 people doing both the cooking and serving so don't be alarmed if nobody is in the main part of the restaurant. 
Now, on to the food.  The yassa fish is delicious.  I usually find white fish bland and boring, but the yassa fish here was one of the few times I had white fish and thoroughly enjoyed it instead of wishing I had other food.  The onion sauce/gravy is so amazing.  Fried fish is good too, but not as good.  We've also had the dibi lamb, which was quite tasty but super fatty/tendon-y and salty.  Note, they are also frequently out of various ingredients so you usually do not have the full menu to choose from (however, since pretty much everything is delicious, this is not a problem).  Sides are less impressive; plantains were ok, nothing special.  The potatoes were very good though.  They also have a house-made ginger juice that is tasty and refreshing.  I prefer it to the hibiscus tea they have.
Prices are dirt cheap (less than $10) for a LOT of food.  Definitely recommend!Decent food, good prices, in a very casual, plain, space.
Stopped in a few minutes before Noon on a Tues, and the chef still had his coat on, so obviously, not a busy lunch crowd.  (I was the only person there.)  Had the grilled lamb, that came with a dark onion sauce that was very tasty.  The lamb had plenty of bones, fat, and gristle, so it took some work to get at the relatively small amount of meat, that was very tender.  Cassava couscous side was okay, but a bit bland.  Total bill around $15.  Chef and waitress/helper (who arrived after me) were both very friendly.  Tables are newer and very clean, decor is very basic, but the bathroom is in need of an update.  BYOB and cash only.Wow, I will be returning again and again!!  I had a whole crisp and juicy fried fish with a large and fresh side salad for only $12.  This could've been two meals, but I couldn't stop myself.  The waitress was kind and attentive.  My only qualm is that their tv was pretty loud.  It's cash only, but if you forget to bring some there's an ATM two doors down at Queen of Sheba.SENEGALESE FOOD IS AMAZING!!!!!
Me and my friend wanted some good food for a great price and that is exactly what we got! 
We already knew this was going to be a small mom and pop restaurant so we didn't expect anything fancy. We were greeted by a beautiful woman who seated us and showed us the menu. We both picked the Yassa Fish with Rice and Plantains..
My friend had Ginger Juice.. it was so good !! Very sweet n "Gingery" lol :-) I had a can of ginger ale.
When our dishes came out it looked so good and was so BIG for the price ($12!!!) Filled with onions on the fish with carrots and some type of thin gravy! The fish was so tender!!! The skin was flavorful.. the ONIONS.. oh my gosh... amazing!!!! Kept putting the onions on my rice.. and going back to the fish.. then putting more onions on the rice... I felt so greedy but i didnt care!! 
The plantains was sweet and cooked perfectly!
Parking wasn't a issue.. found some parking on the street we went around 9pm. (They close at midnight sometimes:-))
The place could use some music tho but other than that 
NO COMPLAINTS WHAT SO EVER!!!!
If you are looking for a spot that is cheap and different than AMERICAN FOOD this is it!! Couples would enjoy this spot if your not picky on decor.. If you are open minded you would love this place!!!
Also its a coupon online.. wish i knew about it 2.00 Off! :-) Print it out before you go! This place does not accept credit cards so bring cash and tip the waitress shes very nice!!!! :-)
THIS PLACE WILL NOT DISAPPOINT  I WILL BE BACK NEXT WEEK!!This is one of the less fancy restaurants I've ever been to. BUT, it has one of the most amazing foods I've ever tasted. If you don't mind trading a bit longer than average waiting time and a barely decorated yellow-ish place for some good food quality than this is your place.
The portions are huge and they are really taken care of. I had the shawarma and it really was the best shawarma I've ever had. Excellent combination of ingredients, preparation and placement in the wrap. Just delicious. Same applies to the fish and other plates.
And the guys that own/operate it are really friendly and polite. I left the guy a huge tip and reminded myself to take it off the next restaurant that I will go and try to impress me with paintings in the walls instead of some care and love for the foodmaking process.
I think all the reviews say the same thing:
[-] Slow in serving
[-] Bad decoration
[-] Only cash (But has ATM inside)
[+] Huge portions
[+] Great taste
[+] Cheap!
[+] FriendlyI'll start with the biggest downer: cash only.  
Now for the awesome parts.  Delicious, hot, fresh, flavorful food!  Totally affordable prices, and friendly service.  It's hard to figure out the menu because it's mostly in French (I think) and some stuff that appears to be in English is spelled unusually.  It's cool though, because the waitress explains it patiently, and is not hesitant if you ask her to recommend something.  I had the grilled fish with rice and beans.  It's a whole fish!  I loved it!  There's also a section on the menu with vegetarian options, but no prices listed, so I suppose it's a negotiable type of thing with them.  
There's a fridge with regular sodas but you can also try some of their own drinks.  There's a ginger drink and a grape-type drink.  Both are pretty cool, though they're def loaded with sugar.  
Bonus: tidy bathroom!West Philadelphia isn't just full of university students, playgrounds, and a couple of guys who are up to no good.
Surprisingly, there is a vast array of culinary gems sprinkled throughout this part of the city, characterized by being super ethnic, rather inexpensive, and just a little rough around the edges. Within a few block radius, your taste buds can take a cosmopolitan journey from Lebanon to Pakistan to Vietnam to Mexico. But the trip to Senegal, facilitated by the likes of Le Bercail, just might be the best.
It feels like you're walking into someone's house that they're trying to disguise as a restaurant. The service can be quite slow, but the servers are very helpful in deciphering the menu. They only accept cash, but ten dollars here goes a long way as the food is truly brilliant. The grilled lamb is excellent. The fried fish (in a pan, not deep fried) is perfection. The entrees are well seasoned, slightly acidic, and often topped with tangy chopped onions. They come with side dishes served in gargantuan portions that are amazing on their own. Latin America may think it has a stronghold on sides like rice and beans and plantains, but just wait until you indulge on Africa's take on these. You probably won't finish all the food, but your stomach will be gratefully applauding you as you eat the leftovers for lunch the next day.
Don't come here if you don't like onions, exquisite cookery, or seeing head and bones on a fish.
If all that is fine with you, definitely make this a mandatory stop the next time you're shootin' some b-ball outside the school.Stopped by today for lunch with a friend. We were super excited to try something new around University City. 
The waitress provided quick service and told us that they actually serve Burkinabé cuisine from Burkina Faso.
We ordered the Yassa Fish, which was flakey and flavorful, and the grilled lamb with plantains, which was interesting...
The plantains were delicious, as expected. The "lamb" on the other hand was, very different. On the menu it was called "viande" which was is the generic term for meat in French. After tasting the meat, I felt that it wasn't lamb. I did a little research, they don't use lamb in Burkinabé cuisine, only goat. The goat was okay, only I questioned its freshness. I was really thrown off by the giant piece on tendon in my meat. 
Overall, cheap hole in the wall. Stick with the popular dishes for your first time!I like to hunt around for new things, so when I came a cross a small hole in the wall with a "grand opening" sign, my interest peaked. I grabbed a menu.
Despite the sparse environment and some inconsistencies in where I can find a napkin (this all comes with "being new"), the clean and bright restaurant was very nice.  On top of that, the FOOD WAS ON POINT!  We'd been looking for a place to grab a "paleo" meal for my boyfriend and the grilled fish with plantains was just the trick.
It brought me back to my travels in Honduras with very simple, but nicely spiced, food.  So its a fun place to hang out, chomp down on some fish, whole chicken or a mix of peanut sauce and veggies. But if you're more of homebody, than they offer take out.Le Bercail is a small French-African restaurant in West Philly. Expect a menu mostly divided by mode of preparation with a grilled section, a fried section, and a saucy section. Inside are a few booths and smaller tables.  At lunch time, it was mostly empty, just us and one other table. The lack of a crowd did not help the fact that our waiter did not really understand us very well. He was not able to help describe some of the menu when we had questions, and he misunderstood my friends order; instead of bringing out 2 of the same order, he brought out one leaving us with 2 plates for 3 people. We were so frustrated we just shared.
Mains are served with a choice of side, we went with the simple salad with sliced hard boiled egg.
I ordered the  sauteed shrimp, "crevette sautee", which came with a whole pile of sauteed vegetables. Though I appreciated the medley, there weren't any particularly interesting flavors, so I would not recommend this unless you wanted something safe.
The dish that caused the confusion, half a grilled chicken ($10), had a nice crispy skin and onion relish.
Besides enjoying the simply presented chicken there were other positives, for example,  I loved the fresh ginger juice. Also, prices are reasonable for the size of the plate. Check the website for  $2 off coupon.
Had I known I should have done some research into the menu, I might have been able to order something more exciting. I think dabbling into the "sauce with rice" section might prove most fruitful. I enjoyed the yassa and peanut sauces at Kilimandjaro, so that would likely be the direction I would go in if I were to head back to Le Bercail.If your experience with African food consists primarily of Ethiopian-style injera and stews, definitely give this Senegalese place a try. We had the grilled dibi lamb and the fried fish, with rice and beans and sauteed potatoes. It was all very tasty (though a bit greasy - in a good way). Portions are large and hearty, and most dishes with a side are $10 (a few are $12). As we ate, we were already planning our next meal there: a half chicken and yassa fish. 
Service is a little on the slow side, as others have noted. But the girl we had was very sweet and just seemed a bit overwhelmed. The food was worth the wait, though. 
Cash only, but since this place is so cheap (and doesn't charge you tax), I'll take it.I went here today for lunch , The environment is ok . I ordered chicken sauce with rice and my boyfriend had lamb and brown rice . The food was so good it was 
Delicious it was seasoned right and all the right flavors . The rice was large portion and it was perfectly cooked I was a little disappointed with the chicken because there is very little meat on the bones but it was good . I tried the lamb and it was
Good , I actually hate the Taste of
Lamb and this I could eat . I was overall satisfied and my only complaint would have
Been poor service and little meat on the chicken other than that I will be here again and again  I would recommend any one who would like a taste of Senegal food .Incredibly.  Freaking. SLOW:  Over an hour to bring out a simple dinner in a restaurant that was only 1/4 full.
The food itself was..okay, nothing terribly great.  The very dry side dish of rice was topped with frozen vegetables, which was odd.
The only reason this isn't one star is because I'm cutting them slack for Ramadan.  I'm guessing their main chef must have taken the night off, because no restaurant could stay in business moving this slowly.   My advice to potential customers for future holidays is to avoid this place, my advice to the management is to just close the whole restaurant on days when your head chef can't come in.This is definitely one of the most unique eating experiences I've had. It's very different from the usual Ethiopian places that are near the area. 
We had: 
Fried Fish - delicious, you can eat the fish in entirety! It also comes with one side (get the potatoes) - all for $12
Grilled Half Chicken - amazing. They were able to grill it so well where the inside was so tender (with a side it was $10)
They are both topped with this grilled onion tangy sauce that was delicious. I've never had anything like it - it really made the dish. (See photos!)
Both of these dishes came with sides (the pommes de terre sautees (potatoes) are definitely my favorite; the plantains are good too) 
The best part is definitely the price. Between two people and drinks (including tip), it costed $27. I think they have a coupon special going on from their website too for $2 off. 
It's definitely a small business, so expect it to be like eating at home where you go there for food and not the ambiance. The server was friendly and chirpy!Took a small party to lunch at Le Bercail today and liked the tastefully done small dining space.  There were not many patrons but a steady number of take-out orders seemed to come in.  
We ordered the fried fish (tilapia), the yassa chicken (half), and lamb shanks.  The fish came with smothered onions and was deftly seared, with crackling skin and moist  flesh.  The chicken had a spicy rub, crisp skin, and came with chopped onions and lots of plantains, the lamb was supposed to come with a different side dish (casava) but instead was served with more plantains.  The two shanks were obviously cooked a good while ago, while the other food tasted more freshly prepared (since it took almost an hour before the plates came out, assuming freshly cooked plates is a good justification for the wait).  As a compensation for the missing side dish, we received a whole new rice dish with vegetables - a nice gesture.
We enjoyed chatting with the very friendly waiter in French and also were delighted to meet the (woman) chef.  Portions were huge, everything had a family-style feeling.  The spicy sauces served with the meal were really excellent and the mixture of meats, plantains, onions, and rice made for compulsive eating (I ate so much here that, for once, at dinner in Lemon Hill, I was not the biggest fresser of the group).
The "hibiscus" drink (sorrel) was too sweet for my taste, iced water did the trick.  All in all, this friendly and inexpensive place is a good destination for those hungry for the flavors of West Africa.This place is the bomb. Going back tonight!  Tiny joint with not too much seating. Definitely do take-out if you need ambiance to enjoy your meal.  They have fresh juices and amazing yassa chicken. The people are suuuuper nice and friendly, and the portions are huge. Tip well - they are generous with their love and food; they deserve it!I have been to this place dozens of times in the past two years. It is definitely my favorite comfort food place to get takeout from in West Philly. The food is phenomenal at a great price. I've had the pleasure of trying a few of their dishes but the two I keep going back to are the Grilled Lamb and the Grilled Chicken (dibi viande and dibi poulet). If you're looking for delicious, succulent, well-seasoned meat, this is your place. The Senagalese onion sauce they cover the meat with is incredible and adds that extra bit of flavor. I generally come in for dinner so I have yet to try their lunch specials but as you get at least 2 meals worth of meat and sides for $10, I don't even feel the need to try. 
One general criticism I would give is that they sometimes overcook their meat, so I usually just ask them to cook it less than they would otherwise.
Their fresh ginger and hibiscus juices are also great. but be warned, they are extremely strong and sweet. I prefer to dilute mine.
All in all, a great place to eat. The place is kind of shabby but as I go there for the food and not for the decorations, it doesn't bother me.Yum!  In these Yelpy times, Le Bercail is a rare hidden gem.  Maybe it's remained hidden because of its tiny little front on Baltimore -- it doesn't look super open or welcoming with the window blocked up by the air conditioner.  Inside, it's simple and clean (and cool!), not much to speak of decor-wise, but it's standard tables, chairs, some booths, in a small but well-kept space.
I'm relatively new to this cuisine, but Le Bercail seems to serve West African food, so think Senegalese, Ivory Coast, around there.  We ordered the Yassa Fish and Dibi Lamb Chops, which is my default 2-question exam of West African cuisine and Le Bercail passed with flying colours.
DIBI LAMB was excellent!  Chargrilled chops (about 6 pieces) were flavourful, tender, and topped with a chopped onion salsa.  We tried this with ATTIEKE, a cassava couscous, which has a different flavour and texture -- it's more dry, a little nutty (?), hard to describe.
YASSA FISH was great: a whole fish, fried, topped with scrumptious savoury-sour sauce with fried-until-soft onions and carrots.  Fish was succulent and moist.  I could still taste the fish under the sauce -- the sauce was not as overpowering as other Yassa I've had.  Served with rice.
Never had BISSAP JUICE before, so I tried it: very sweet, with a cool minty quality -- made me think of candy cane juice.  I'm not a fan, so next time I might try the ginger juice instead.
For dessert, I tried MILLET PUDDING / DEGUE (?) for the first time.  This is not quite like the dessert I was expecting.  The small millet grains thicken around the bottom, and it's pleasant to eat with the sweet sour cream-milk and milk-soaked raisins.  I just couldn't think of it in conventional dessert terms.  Feels clean and healthy, kind of yogurty -- feels more like a sweet, cool breakfast porridge.
Generous portions at great prices (entrees around $10-12).  Tasty food.  Friendly service.  Cash only.
And I'm now officially a fan of West African food.I love Senegalese food - I generally get the poisson (whole grilled tilapia) and my husband and kids get the grilled lamb (thinly sliced shoulder chops)..  
The only thing about the food is that it's not consistent from restaurant to restaurant or even from chef to chef.
I think this cuisine is Malian but it is delicious. The plantains are delicious, the yassa is pretty good, the okra sauce is too strong for my taste but the fish is a hit every time...so far everyone I've referred has enjoyed it.The food is OK, similar to Kilimandjaro on Chestnut. The Yassa fish was not too fresh, the rice---spicy and dry. It took us almost 90 minutes to get  the food after we ordered. Maybe they were having an off night, but I don't plan on going back any time soon.Thank you, Yelp, for existing, for without you I would NEVER have discovered Le Bercail. I found pretty much all the reviews to be in line with my experience:
* Flamingly delish - the kind of food you just know involved "a pinch of this, a bunch of that" - probably no measuring, totally with care and love.
* A little slow to take my order (but I knew that going in, so I just chilled out.)
* I'm not sure if anyone said this but - I thought everyone there was really warm and friendly. Maybe a little distracted, in the way their restaurant is sort of their home and there's a lot of "home" stuff going on. But if you grasp that concept going in, then you will have a great experience.
I got the peanut sauce with rice - there are two versions, with meat and veg - I got the meat (which is lamb.) I expected it to be along the lines of Thai/Vietnamese peanut sauce and I was totally wrong -- yes it was rich and complex, but it wasn't "peanuty" at all. It was more like a thick, spicy gumbo/ stew pureed with onion, carrot, garlic, I'm guessing tomato, maybe a little okra and definitely chilis (scotch bonnet or habanero?). With lamb stew meat -- thick bones with fat for flavor and a small amount of lamb meat. It was perfect early-Fall fare and if you're new to this cuisine as I am, I definitely encourage you to check it out.
To wash it down I got their homemade ginger juice, pulled from the cooler. Very spicy ginger yet super sweet. It was perfect to cool down the higher-than-normal flames that *leapt* out of my mouth.
I should also mention my meal totalled $10. Which is an unbelievable value so I happily left a $3 tip and felt I should have left more.
I rarely have reason to go to West Philly but Le Bercail merits the trip back.
Cash only.i still loooove the food here, unique but not too weird, tasty, good portions...
BUT the waitress this time we really really bad, and unfriendly. This is the kind of place that you have to ask for water, mismatched glassware, and all, which is fine. But we asked for water a few times and got two glasses of water for a table of 6. One of us asked for the lamb kabobs, but she said they didnt have it. but then my friend ordered lamb chops and that was fine. the thing to do, waitresses listen here, would be to say 'we dont have lamb in the kabob form, but would you be interested it in a chop?"  When i asked what the gravy was like in a certain dish her answer was 'brown'. Unlike our waitress previously, this was not a language barrier, just a waitress who didnt care. We repeatedly asked for napkins, finally got a few, we ripped them in half to share. And my dish was stone cold, i suppose because there were 6 of us, some plates were made first and just sat getting cold. 
There was a large piece of plastic in the spinach, apparently from a bag that they cut, so i guess it's not fresh spinach.
hopefully the waitresses rotate. Im sure this is not the kind of place where waitresses get big tips, but we still left one. I dont need a waitress to be cheezy with the pleasantries, but a little effort.....and water, and napkins, and no plastic.Le Bercail is an okay spot. There are not a ton of options on the menu, but I really enjoyed the chicken that I got. The fried plantains were also very tasty. The best part was their rice and beans. I don't know what it was that made it taste so good, but I could have made that a meal all by itself.
Out waitress struggled with English, so it was tough to ask questions. I was hoping for some sauce with my chicken, and she told me that there was gravy on it. When it came, it was loaded with diced onions and a little oil. I asked her about the gravy, and she said it's there. That's when I realized that the onions and oil was gravy to her. As I mentioned before, it was still tasty.
Perhaps the biggest hang-up is this place is very slow. After taking our order, the waitress disappeared into the kitchen where she cooked our meal with another man. Not sure what this place would do if business picked up. When it was time to get the check, my wife tried flagging her down. She noticed my wife and seemed to acknowledge her, but took forever.
Any okay spot, not mind shattering, and probably not worth the wait.Shereen C. was right. Yum!
That's all I really need to say. This was some good ass food. Slap ya mama kind of food. Ambiance may be a little on the weak side but the food makes up for it. 
Sis had the half chicken, I had the grilled fish, mom dukes had the chicken chops. The half chicken was the best, the fish next, and then the chicken chops. The plantains were so delish too. We shared the rice with tomato sauce. Perfect West African food!
Be careful though. They give you a LOT of food.Le Bercail is great for takeout, but dining there is a less-than-pleasant experience.
We've had the grilled lamb and chicken, both delicious, with sides of plantains and fries. Both sides are great but the plantains are exceptionally good. I'd like to have tried more items, but they often run out; last time we went there was no more shrimp. Reading the menu is much easier if you speak French, and while the wait staff try to be helpful they have trouble answering basic questions about what the different items are.
The dining experience leaves a lot to be desired: the tables are wobbly, the booths are so small I can barely sit in them, and the TV tends to be quite loud. The service is slow, and as the front of house is just one person they have to walk away from your table any time the phone rings.This place has great food! The owners and servers are very nice. What I like about this place is that when I want peanut butter, spinach or cassava leaf stew, I can get it with chicken, for I don't eat lamb. Not many African restaurants will do this. This is one of my favorite places to eat. I can eat African all day and everyday.This place was really different from any other place that I've eaten.  I have minimal experience with African food, only Ethiopian, Eritrean, and Moroccan.  This place was very different.  The food we got here was fairly diverse...the "sauce" item we ordered (okra) was saucy and stew-like, and outstanding, and the other item we got was a grilled shrim thing, with grilled green peppers, and raw onions that had been marinated in some kind of sauce.  We had sides of plantain and couscous mixed with cassava.
I liked everything we had!
Portions here are very large.  Many of the items that cost around $8-$12 could easily feed two people.  We took a lot of food home.
Service was also very good.  I would heartily recommend this place, especially for people who are interested in trying something genuinely new.PROS: Tasty ethnic food, ginormous portions
CONS: Lacking in ambiance, slow/sloppy service, cash only
Tons of food! However, service could be better. We didn't get our dishes for at least 40 minutes after we ordered (and we were the only ones in the restaurant for quite a while). Also, we didn't get water until our meal arrived. I would return for takeout, not dine-in.Summary: Good Senegalese cuisine in a newly renovated though aesthetically bland atmosphere.
I got the Yassa fish.  It was $12 for an entire fried fish (tilapia?) smothered in carmelized onions and carrots (cooked and seasoned well).  It was really good.  They also gave me an entire plate of white rice with vegetables on the side.
Ignore your corrupting inner voices!  It's too much food-bring a friend or bring home leftovers.
The place is clean and newly remodeled.First stop in I went with - grilled fish w/ plantains and the grilled lamb w/ a salad.  It was so simple yet flavorful. The food was cooked perfectly so it was all kinds of wonderful.
Portions were also very huge  - which made the pricing for anything on the menu rather cheap.  
Not sure how long they've been opened before but I hope they stay around for a long while.
Love it.THIS.
Le Bercail is the reason you call up your Uncle Jimmy to tell him that his conservative stance on immigration sucks. And if he needs any convincing, you just bring him some of the Yassa Chicken.
"Ok but that's one with the onion sauce!" my waitress warned.
"Hell yes," I didn't reply. Instead I went with, "that sounds great."
The glossy sauteed onions lounged on pieces of some of the most succulent chicken I've ever had. Spices heretofore unknown by the western world danced on my tongue. I ploped it all on the rice and wolfed it down.
Now, the setting is not for the faint of heart - this is an experience. Its a little gritty outside the place and in. It's my sort of adventure, it may not be yours, but it should be. This is some great food, made by some great salt of the earth folks.Dined here recently with a couple of friends on a Sunday night.  Not sure if the timing was a factor, but they were out of lamb, shrimp, and a few other things.  Thankfully they still had chicken.  The yassa chicken was essentially a stew of chicken (on the bone) cooked with onions and other items and served with a pile of white rice.  Tasty and filling, though fairly mild in flavor.  Also tried the cassava couscous, which is lighter in heft and texture than regular wheat couscous.
The ginger juice was deemed to be very sweet, though I didn't try any.  Our waters were regularly refilled by the friendly staff.  Service is laid back so bring interesting companions, booze (it's BYOB!), or, better yet, both.
Prices are inexpensive.  Decor is simple.  
Worth a return to sample other dishes.