I'm originally from the Philly area and now residing in Florida. Anytime I come into town I head straight from the airport to this place to get a sweet taste of traditional West African food. If you are a lover of delicious flavors and hearty dishes then I highly recommend you stop by this gem. The owner is really sweet too!The food is very good here. Parking can be an issues most of the times but it's worth the hassle. You can now pay through Yelp using PayPal so im a very happy customer!Heard the food was good, note the word HEARD. Got there, ordered the Okra w/ Fufu, was told it would take 15 mins. 45 mins later still had not received my food. Constantly asked when the food would come out, kept getting the response "food is on the way." Eventually walked out after waiting an hour for food that was originally supposed to take 15 mins. It makes it hard trying to support Black/African owned restaurants that don't value customer service or serving food in a timely fashion. Would not recommend, nor would I return to this place. The location was ridden with drug dealing hoodlums, not to mention the parking was terrible. At no point in time did I feel safe sitting in this establishment. DO NOT COME HERE!This still is bar far the best tasting food in the city but the service is HORRIBLE. You call they still take almost as long as if you didn't. Staff constantly asks you what did you order. I guess you have to take some bad with good because I've never eaten anything from here that was not good.I was in Philly visiting my family and we had driven by this spot a few times and my wife said she wanted to get some African food before we left. On our last night we stopped here and she ran inside while I took a photo of the exterior. This might be the first time i think i ever had African food before. She ordered a fish dinner... The fish was fried and well seasoned and they provided some spicy concoction that gave it a nice kick. There was cabbage with some other veggies in it that was very tasty and something like couscous but i don't think that's what it was. Delicious meal....very flavorful. The next time I'm in Philly i will try the stew fish.Good food, generous portions, tasty selections, very general menu ("meat" selections on menu with no description of "meat") excellent atmosphere for eating. Peanut Butter Soup is GOOD (a little spicy)!This food never came and my card was charged for it. There is nothing else to tell bc I never got the food.The food was very good. I order the cassava leaves and it was nice, lil spicy and very tasty. Also they have different juices and drinks, I order a ginger drink. The drink was very refreshing and cleansing. The place is very clean and have a nice decor. I will definitely come back.Le Mandinque at 66th and Woodland invites you to the wonderful grilled and smoke flavored dishes of Liberia in Western Africa. I might mention here that the name of the restaurant comes from the name of the Mandingo (or Mandinko) people of the area around the Niger River. I made two visits to Le Mandinque in the past week. The first time I was on my own, the second time I brought along a very close friend.  The first thing you need to know about Le Mandinque is that you may have to wait. The never ending line of folks ordering take-out may have to be served before your turn arrives.
For my first visit as is my custom in new restaurants I relied on the young woman at the counter to select for me. "What is your best dish?" I asked. With a great smile she immediately said, "Let me give you the beef. Would you like it a bit spicy?" "I love a nice touch of spice, and the beef sounds good," I answered. "Take a seat anywhere," she invited, "and drinks are in the cabinet." I took my place at a very modest table. I was the only person eating in. In the meantime the lines of take-out folk just kept rolling along.
At Le Mandinque you have no server. You order at the counter and pay at the time. Within a few minutes another young woman emerges from the kitchen with a lovely tray filled with your order. She gave me a spoon and a fork. There are no knives. Napkins are in a dish to the side. My platter, nothing short of a visual delight, wafted of the delicate aroma of grilled rib pieces and onions. The serving would easily suit two or even three. 
While you can use your fork for the rice and onions when it comes to the little rib pieces you have only your fingers to help you. Each little bone must be neatly severed from the tiny bones. I must say, that the use of fingers distinctly enhances the smoky flavor of the beef the tactile pull of the meat from the bone tips with your teeth stirs a warm feeling that brings you close to the food. 
On my second visit I knew I wanted to try the fish but I knew nothing of their descriptions on the menu. Here again I turned to the advice of the most congenial lady at the counter. She recognized me from my first visit and eagerly came to my aid. I asked what "Fish with Acheke and Plantain" was. She ran immediately to the kitchen and brought me out some samples. "That' couscous," I said with some amazement. "Yes, couscous! You know what that is?!" she answered. "And the plantains are very, very good!" she added. 
The arrival of the fish platter opened eyes in amazement. The well sized porgy, carefully scored and grilled to a dark and deep crisped skin, outdid fish courses in upscale center city restaurants. The "acheke," or couscous, light and fluffy had wonderful accents of finely sliced raw onion, cucumber and red pepper. Their addition excited the texture and taste of the simple couscous pasta. The plantains' sweet touch offered an intriguing counter taste to the dish as did the mayonnaise sauce served on the side. As with the beef I found that while I could use the fork for the couscous and plantains my fingers served as the best tool for breaking into the fish's sweetly crisp skin and delightful white flesh.
My friend ordered the same beef that I had on my first visit. Both of us took half our order home for dinner. Perhaps the most striking part or Le Mandinque is the price. Most items on the menu are between ten and twelve dollars. A few are at fifteen. There is no place that I know of that offers such a wonderful cuisine with such modest prices. Since there is no actual wait service you pay only for your order. For the two of us our order came to twenty five dollars including soft drinks.
Le Mandinque offers numerous other foods and tastes. I'll be there again soon. I haven't yet tried their chicken or goat and of course there is the "fufu." Get yourself to Le Mandinque. A word of advice, parking is not easy. The never ending line of take-out folk fill up every parking place. You have to wait a moment or two until someone leaves. Get yourself to Le Mandinque: a more than wonderful adventure into a new cuisine.Their food used to be great but i don't know what happened. I Went and got potato greens, it was sooo disgusting! Tasted like frozen spinach with water. And to add to that the food was spoiled so I just had to throw it away. This used to be my fave African spot but now I will not be returning.My first time here and I was so satisfied! I had rice and cassava leaf and oh my days was it yummy! It was spicy and full of flavor...completely worth the 2hr drive from Harrisburg! I will definitely be back. I took a star off because parking is challenging and its located in the hood.One of the many good things about Southwest Philadelphia is the West African food scene on woodland Ave. The food is great and amazing the fish, the beef dishes, plantain, rice, potato greens, and even the spicy sauce. I would recommend to eat at Le Mandigue good food, great prices. It is always busy here make sure to order in advanced this place is always packed. Service is a bit lacking, the tables are not cleaned right away.One word: Achieke. The best. I don't mess with anything else. No I'm lying....when I'm in the mood for pop which is like a rice pudding cook with tamarind that you heat up.. Like sati I think.  The wait time is the worse. Expect 1 hour wait time.The smell of the grilled lamb brought me in. I was across the street and all I could smell was a BBQ, the smells brought me in. It reminded me of the streets of Cairo. Fresh meat on a grill. I asked the woman at the counter what that smell was and she laughed; I'm sure it wasn't the first time that's brought customers in. I was very eager to try Guinean cuisine. So I ordered the grilled lamb and rice combo, it comes with brown onion gravy and an extremely hot sauce on the side. I also got some fried dumplings were were slightly sweet and very yummy. My food actually wasn't that hot when it reached the table, which was concerning.. but the flavor was all there. The women there were very sweet and hospitable. I'll definitely be back to try the cassava and rice. The decor is exactly what I would expect, drag and dive, and it actually makes the meal better!Le Mandinque has been renovated since my last review.
Prices for dishes like cassava & fufu are now $12 ($2 more than it said on the outdated menu). Cassava stew is flavourful and spicy.
Kala (fried dough balls, a bit like a doughnut) are still $2 and make a nice snack, especially when fresh and warm. 
Solid place to go if you're in the area and wanting some tasty West African stew.Love the cassava leaf and the potatoe greens....just wish they had more rice options....fish is gr8 too we eat here least 1x a week. Only thing is when u call ahead they always get the order wrongFood might be good but not worth the wait the service sucks and the people are really really rude. It's a waaay better place 5 minutes away on 65th and elmwood.This is one of my favorite West African restaurants. The portions are really big when compared to the price. I went on a Sunday afternoon and I had the Dibi Fish. The dish was delish! The staff was pleasent and genuinely happy to serve me. If you like African food please stop by.Food is good a majority of the time and you better call to order before you go because you will be waiting for 20 mins atleast if you order at the store.The Best African cuisine hands down in Philly until proven otherwise, I totally recommend if you want authenticity and love a bit of spice!!The casava leaves and rice are rollin!!! I have been here twice, once on Liberian Independence Day. It was packed! This is real deal--delicious. Trying chuck roast with gravy today. Stay tuned!I was looking for A Senegalese restaurant in Philadelphia to feed my need for ceeb-bu-jen. While Le Mandinque appears to be owned and operated by Liberians, the Jollof rice with fish was the best ceeb-bu-jen I've had since I left Senegal 12 years ago. With a side of onion sauce (yassa) and the perfect hot sauce (kanni) the meal that should have fed 3 people all went into me. Le Mandinque took me back to my peace corps days and eating street food at roadside stands. Definitely worth the trip.The food taste so good. I and my siblings went here for lunch,we had atieke,cassava leaf,potato green...it was fantastic.By far this restaurant continues to be the absolute worst. Poorly prepared, proportioned, and over priced. I ordered the Acheke and fish and the fish was salted because it wasn't fresh and each side was only a spoonful. If you want well prepared and well proportioned for less money and better quality try JD African Restaurant in Darby, Pa and you will not be disappointedLe Mandingue serves Liberian food. The food is mixed, depending on what you get.
Potato greens are delicious. They're cooked into a flavourful, salty stew with pieces of fish, poultry and meat.
The fufu here is cooked fresh and hot & great with the potato greens. (You pinch off a piece of fufu, flatten it with your fingers, and make a "pocket" to pick up some stew with.)
Goat was very tough and overcooked. I would not order this again.
Fish (fried whole tilapia) was overcooked to a crisp & a bit dry.  I would avoid this.
Cassava is nice. 
Kala was nice & doughy.  5 balls were $2
I'd come here again for the potato greens (or other stews) & fufu.  I'd avoid the grilled and fried meat/fish dishes.Can't say I'm a fan. My fiancé & I got the peanut butter soup with couscous instead of rice. I don't know if West African cuisine is always so insanely pricey, but that was our dish. The chicken cooked was quite tender and the stew itself was flavored quite well. The couscous was a bit bland and dry, but mixing stew with it helped. However, the spice level was so crazy hot that it was very difficult to enjoy it. To avoid a TMI, all I can say is the very next morning includes sharp stomach pains & lots of burning.
If you absolutely LOVE spice, give this dish a shot. Otherwise, steer clear of it. I wonder if I could ask for a mild version, but the experience was so bad that I don't even want to chance it.
The restaurant itself was quite clean and the African music videos playing were entertaining. The staff themselves were friendly enough. It wasn't a "big smile, hello! How are you, sweetie?" kind of thing, but they were pretty efficient & they weren't rude. Tip wasn't necessary for our take-out, so I had no qualms with service. 
However, I don't know if I'll be back. That was my first time with West African cuisine, so I feel a bit traumatized because it was a burn like none before and when I say TMI, you know where I'm going with this.So me and my friend were just  here maybe a month ago SORRY for the late review. We were next and they allow ppl to just in front of you to pay for their meal instead of waiting. Then say sorry. That was the 1st no no for me but thats not even the icing on the cake so we ordered and paid for our food we went to sit down but you had to go up like 3 steps there was a table to the left that had not been cleaned up.....so as we're going up i see and mouse and inform my friend we're not eating here so went to the cashier who by the way was a sweet girl and very apologetic and understanding so anyway I told her that I wanted my money back she asked me why I told her there was a mouse sitting right there at the top of the step she said hold on let me get somebody because I had used my card instead of cash so she didn't know how to go back in the machine and refund me my money. A lady came out and asked me why I wanted my money back I told her also there's a mouse at the top of the step she comes from behind the desk looks at the mouse mind you it's other people behind me and they're like it's a mouse she's not lying she goes back in the kitchen and another lady comes out and ask did you just eat the food and now you want your money back I told her I never ate any food I just want my money back so the young lady that was working the cash register just give me my money back in cash and I walked out they weren't even trying to take a broom to get the mouse out of there nothing everybody just looked at the mouse went back in the kitchen or back about their business never again!!!!!!!Went to this place once. Good food ( At least the one I had). Kitchen cleanliness is a disaster. Customer service=ZERO all the way around.Me getting into a cab a few months ago: [address]...[driver confirming address]...awkward music...Me:so where are you from? Driver: Liberia Me: what's the food like there? Driver: its amazing! Spicy stews and rice and meats.  Me: so...where can I go in Philly to try that? Driver: La Mandingo, it's the best. Me:ok, sold.
It took some googling and Chef Sbraga posting on instagram for me to realize La Mandique is the amazing Mandingo! There are a few other spelling inconsistencies in the menu which make ordering difficult (potatoes green, achieke vs athieke), plus I've never heard of most of the things on the menu, or the underlying ingredients,  so there's that,  and the people at the front are too busy handling the deluge of takeout orders to explain what dry rice and dibi are. Luckily everything is good!
You order at the front,  and if you're eating in,  a bizarre food runner may or may not bring your food out, awkwardly request a cash tip, you pay after (so cheap! mostly $12 dishes and they take cards),  some food may come out fast,  and some may never come out. You will want a box for your leftovers, portions are huge! The takeout line seems like more of a cluster than a queue...
The FOOD. All was good,  in order of favorites:
Get the potato greens.  Don't worry, this is not a vegetarian option. There is some sort of delicious tender meat (lamb, goat,  tendons?) nestled in the spicy, flavorful greens, all drenched in oil. YUM.
Dry rice with lamb- so good and quite spicy. Huge portion with deliciously perfectly cooked onions and some sort of mayo-y salad/sauce, lots of meat,  but the kind where you stick the chunk in your mouth and gnaw until you can spit out a bone. Maybe don't bring a date here. 
The peanut soup- really more of a thick stew, a bit spicy,  with chicken,  and again some mysterious meats. Don't ask, just eat. Very good. 
Achieke with fish- crispy whole fried perfectly cooked fish that falls off the bone and couscous with some tomato onion cucumber salad on top. Very good. The achieke seems to be their specialty and is delicious. 
The goat and plantains- unclear if this was goat or lamb but who cares.  Watch out for the hot sauce, it's fierce!
5 hungry humans split all this and were uncomfortably full and regretting their life decisions. 
The drinks:
The ginger juice is great,  the vimto soda is odd, very sweet,  and the purple fruit juice had a pruny after taste. Get the ginger juice, skip the others. 
Service is not super friendly/helpful/explanatory,  but the food is amazing and a great price and huge portions.  Hole in the wall ambiance with a ton of people crowded around for takeout orders, with the trip out for a food adventure! If you've never had West African,  you've never tasted these flavors/some of these veggies. Uber's cheaper but when's the last time your Uber driver recommended a place like this?This was my first time here.  I ordered the grilled goat and rice and Cassava leaf soup. The grilled goat was tough I had to give it away. The Cassava leaf soup was good though oily. The customer service was ok and location is in the hood. I would go back if i'm up for an adventure to the hood for a meal.Four stars simply because of the food. Amazing flavored but the wait time and customer service would be one star. It never fails that every time I call to place an order I am hung up on. When I am finally able to place an order I give myself an hour and sometimes when I go to pick up that hr is not enough as the food is not ready yet. The lines are not organized and people are always making the same complaints about the waiting times. 
I usually get either the dried rice with goat meat or the cassava leaf platter. Food is on point and is 5 stars. They give a spicy sauce to go with it and it's very flavorful and not too spicy. Although there have been times they forget to put the sauce in the container.I visited this establishment this past Saturday, went there to try out the food after It was feature on Bizarre foods.  It took me over 2 hours from Bowie Maryland.  Anyways, we got here a little after 1pm, there were a lot of carry out order being filled.  From the outside of the place, it doesn't look inviting and the inside is not much to talk about, kinda small, people we pleasant for it being in the  HOOD,  of woodland Ave. It was a little busy, food wait time wasn't back, about 20mins.  Place looks clean.  Now for the food, we ordered the Attieke and fish, lamb and attieke, peanut soup, lamb and plantain with Attieke and the potato greens.  I didn't like the Attieka and fish, it's was too dry and a bit hard.  My favorites were the goat and plantain, peanut soup with rice was my absolute favorite.  I will give the establishment 4 stars.  If you haven't try Attiieke before, don't order it, it's an acquired taste.  But over all, the food was very good.Food can be very good at times, but can be a miss. A restaurant that has been featured on two widely watched networks should not have issues with inconsistency. I guess Le Mandigue is becoming a hollowed shell of its former self.
While the consistency is lacking, the customer service is severely lacking. The women working here have the worse attitudes. I can't order here again, especially not after what I experienced recently. I most certainly will not be coming back, that's for sure.
If you don't want to put up with rude workers, while fearing them tampering with your food out of spite, then go elsewhere. The entire stretch of Woodland Avenue is littered with other African eateries, that are actually good with decent customer service to match.Their food is okay, the customer service is very poor. I'm Caribbean so I hold food and flavor to a different standard. If you aren't used to eating this food maybe you'll think it's good...but I thought it was just meh. Their customer service was horrendous. I ordered off of Uber eats there were no detailed descriptions of the meal items. So, I ordered based off of the pictures associated with the meal. When I found out that my food did not come with plantains (even though the picture associated with my meal HAD plantains pictured as a side) the store associate that I spoke with literally said (verbatim), "Oh my God it's just a picture it's not the food, I'm sorry but it's just a picture, that doesn't mean that's what the food looks like." 
If you don't have food descriptions and you put a picture next to each meal, then I'm going to assume that the pictures are representative of what the meal should be.
They put crab and something that looked like spam in their Jollof rice and again it did not state this on the menu. I don't eat crab, so I could not eat my food. All around very disappointed, I had high expectations based off of the other reviews.I have been going to LeMandingue for over 10 years and the food is great. My favorite is Okra sauce. The place gets so busy sometimes that some customers jump the line which causes confusion for other customers and the order takers. There is always room for customer service improvement. Luckily my experience has always been very good.My favorite african restaurant, hands down.  Food is great. The owner is extremely friendly,  great customer service. A real taste of Africa in Philadelphia.Come here a few times. Food is OK. Being an avid African food lover I gotta say I've experienced better. Yet if you're in the area and just want your mother land fix it will do.located in the heart of  'little monrovia' (that's what i call it because it reminds me of monrovia), this liberian spot is quite good.  the fried fish (whole tilapia) was nice except one of the pieces my party of 5 (4 liberians & me) ordered was pretty salty- but it comes with that nice onion-tomato sauce if served with rice (beef rice). the roast meat, acheke (fermented cassava), and potato greens were the best dishes we had.If I was rating just the food it would be a 5 star but let me start by saying the customer service seriously sucks, they need classes in my personal opinion.
The lady that was helping to take orders just could not multitask the line was long and she just seems aggravated.
She would take phone orders while the customer in her face waits and the line just continued to get long.
Now I'm rating the food. The plantain were dried and I was not happy with them.
The potato greens were excellent love the taste and everything, I'm big on customer service don't think I would drive the distance from where I live for horrible customer service again. 
Again the food is great but be prepared for no smiles, no may help you.Food was good however the costumer service was horrible For that that alone I will never go back there to spend my money!!! Woodland ave has a ton of places to try maybe next time if I'm in the mood for cassava I'll try one of them out.Did not receive all order had to call and order again.Not reliable please check order as soon as you get it. I guess I will not be getting the plantain I ordered with the first orderI was so happy that this location was opened because the one on Woodland the workers were so rude and disrespectful. I ordered here 2 times every single week. One night I called to order and the lady that answered the phone hung up on me. I called back and she hung up on me again. So now i am officially done with both locations. I made sure to tell my entire FB and IG not to go there. I can't spend my money to be treated that way. Please stay away!I only get lamb and rice. I eat here a lot. Too much actually. The lamb is very good. I wish I knew how they seasoned it cause I would not come back here as often cause I would do it myself. Customer service is horrible and the wait times can be crazyBest African food in my area, my favorite dish is the Jollof rice and Lamb! Pepper sauce is amazing!!!More like 3.5 stars due to some order mishaps. But the food made up for it! The food here really satisfied my west African food craving. In fact, it satisfied it for days because the portion sizes were so large. I got the jollof rice and lamb and also tried the egusi stew. Everything was really good. The hot sauce the meal came with was nice and spicy but didn't overpower the flavor of the food. The jollof rice was really good and well seasoned, although not like any traditional jollof rice I've had anywhere.
I also ordered plantains but, sadly, I didn't receive them. Additionally, my friend's order of fish was randomly canceled from the Grubhub order and we had to re-order and wait for the fish when we went to pick up the food. Ordering for delivery is probably the best option given that there isn't very much parking near the restaurant and there's a lot of delivery drivers coming in and out of the restaurant, making the street feel chaotic.
Regardless, this is some of the best African food I've had in Philly!I enjoyed the food and enjoyed the friendly service when I went to pick up my food. I ordered the West African Cassava Leaf and the Fufu and Soup. It was delicious.As an avowed Jamaican food maven, I decided to switch it up for a day and wanted to give this place a shot. Went in on a Saturday late afternoon and the place was brisk, but not packed. Ordered a Jollof Rice platter. They were out of chicken so I tried the meat jollof. I was extremely pleased. The meat was seasoned and grilled to perfection and the rice was savory as well. They give way more rice than meat (alone it could serve 3 people) and I could have used more gravy and veggies, but overall very tasty, and a nice change of pace grub. My only complaint was the wait. 30 minutes is just too much. Looking forward to trying the chicken next time, as well as the potato greens.Got the lamb and plantains and peanut butter soup! They give you so much! Everything was seasoned well the onions were even amazing! Large portions. Only reason for the three stars was the lamb was tough! If it was tender it would be 5 stars! I will try other dishes from them!Wow they're the most rude unorganized bunch I've seen, it's quite laughable. I mean how can I trust eating something from people so rude? I called in an order for takeout I asked questions about the pepper soup. The rude woman said it's goat and chicken and I asked if I can have it w/out chicken, she said, "No, it's one big bowl u can pick the chicken out yourself" literally lmao Then I asked if  the potatoes greens are spicy, she gave an annoyed sigh and said, "you can look online and see what in everything" me: long pause. Then I asked if I can have extra broth cause I'm under the weather, she said, "No, u just have to order 2" Wtf smh, so she started rushing me off the phone and I asked if I can pay now over the phone cause my sister is picking up and she doesn't have cash, "No you have to pay cash, we don't accept cards because our card thing messes up" I said Ok  and she hung up.
Then I went to yelp and saw I could order takeout through yelp (and pay w/my card) so I placed a yelp order. I called to cancel the phone order, Girl literally answered and then started yelling at someone else so I hung up, called back got another rude person who said I need to cancel w/yelp and hung up on me. 
Sheer utter incompetence. These idiots lost a sale and a customer being rude and nasty. I only wanted to cancel the phone order NOT the help order but they're so rude I cancelled both. Never again will I ever patronize these people. How do they have the Audacity to be rude and nasty when they're in the service business? I guess they don't need customers. Sadi love this place! my boyfriend is cameroon and when i told him that philly has a large african population he was excited to try a spot that could give him a taste of home. we came here and it was so amazing! everything was perfect. the only thing is you have to keep being a single drink from the fridge if you're thirsty. but it was really good and i looked past that. they had the tv on that played many nigerian artists such as Davido, Tekno, and Tiwa Savage. I was entertained the entire time! will definitely be back to this place for sure. the staff was super nice too!!The food was good. I waited long for my food though. The window treatments need a face lift. I didn't like the restaurant sign very junky and brings down the value of the homes in the area. I would consider changing it to something more simple with more lighting.The location in Upper Darby PA use to be my favorite place to eat until they hired a young lady Muslim dressed with the nastiest attitude at the front register. Customer services is everything when you spend your money. And it's sad because the food is good. Please think about training the staff to be polite friendly and courteous to the guest when they arrive to eat in or take out. I miss going there but I can"t be treated mean. God continue to guide your way.Subpar customer service from this young girl at the front. Who was more interested in her cell phone. The fish and rice was good. I threw the other stuff in the trash it looked uhhhh...Best place to eat. I drive all the way from to Detroit to get the lamb dibi.  delicious. Ma Shaa AllahWhen our regular go-to African restaurant was unexpectedly closed, we took a chance and ordered from Le Mandingue through UberEats.  We were very pleasantly surprised and thrilled!     An excellent amount of food and very tasty.   We would definitely order again!
  p.s.  the only glitch was the ginger juice that was part of the order was missing.   We are not sure if this is the restaurant's goof or the Uber driver drank it : (    So next time be vigilant for a missing drink.....Ordered from here today through door dash... I've never had a bad experience from this place but today it was terrible! I purchased peanut butter soup w/rice... The meat in the soup taste burnt which made the soup taste the same... It even smelled burnt I was not satisfied with my dish today at all... I might try them again if I don't find another before thenFood is absolutely amazing and they give you a good amount; which is something that I am always concerned about because, let's face it, I'M GREEDY!Ok so below is the negative review I wrote with one star because I was upset about waiting. I just got home and Y'all this food is so good I came back to give four stars. I got the fish with jellof of rice, lamb, and potatoes greens. I am still upset I had to wait but damn. 
First review Food is always good but it is never ready on time. I called 45 minutes before picking it up and still had to wait thirty minutes once I arrived. This happens all the time it is very unprofessional.I saw all the good reviews and actually thought this place would offer good food. The pepper for the attieke was so salty, the lamb also salty, the peanut butter soup was burned with no taste. My boyfriend and I came all the way from Virginia for this disappointment. Never again!I love coming to this restaurant they have good food and very nice customer service every time I come here they are always good to me and they have the best food in south west PhiladelphiaAnother favorite Of mine. All the food is cooked perfectly and portions are generous. One tray can easily feed at least 2 adults. I usually order either lamb but my kids try everything so it's a family favorite! Definitely won't be disappointed and yes the customer service is great. They're patient with answering questions and will even make accommodations if possible with no complaints. Best to go in to order though cause these food apps do them a disservice by not offering everything and the delivery is horrible.This service was nice for a change! My problem with this place you charge $14 for soup bowl of potatoes greens with smoke bones and two pieces of chicken! The food is trash!! Will never return to this restaurantAn Uber driver recommend this place when he spoke of being Liberian and I naturally had to ask where to get Liberian food.  He had the take out menu ready to go in his car so I had faith in his recommendation.  I did hear about a health department shutdown, but I am part of an adventure eating group and figured that will be part of the adventure.  The restaurant was clean and no complaints about the bathroom.
Le Mandingue did not disappoint.  Our group had lamb and rice, atteke and fried tilapia, cassava leaf and rice, potato greens and rice.  The lamb came with a tomato onion chutney.  The fish arrived with a onion relish and mayo peas condiment.  All dishes with the condiments were wonderful.  The cassava leaf entree reminded me of Hawaiian Lau Lau, where the Cassava leaf is substituted for taro leafs.  I am already craving the cassava leaf.
There were a lot of take out customers which is a good sign.  However, another customer informed us it was Ramadan, so I am unsure if the traffic would be normal year round.  I think because they were so busy, the food was not sitting around and had a quick turn around.  Even though they were busy, the food came out quickly, the staff was nice enough to make recommendations, provide us with individual plates (we always eat family style), and worked with us when one our orders did not make it out.
I've been to Kilimanjaro on 42 and Chestnut, and various Ethiopian restaurants but am glad to have been introduced to this cuisine.  I have been overlooking a whole continent in my adventure eating group.  I am looking forward to trying all the other African restaurants in the area and to also return to Mandingue!I usually don't bother writing a review for restaurants, but This is a hidden gem. The food is well flavored. The "mild" sauce packs a punch, so I can't imagine what spicy taste like. The sautéed onions is amazing. The order was one platter, but it could easily feed 2-3 people. The "donuts " is like a sweet bread. Please support them so they remain open.We ordered food here today and went to the store to o pick up something for 45 minutes.we went to pick up the food just to hear "Oh,no potato greens,because people were buying it out"
Am!! They had it when you order but they fix your plate that you order when you pick it up!!! So it's useless to order by phone..same thing happened when we did uber eats..After 45 Minutes they called us to tell us they ate out of stuff!! No more coming here for us and the staff are unfriendly and looks like they don't wanna be there..
And they rude as shit!!!Customer service was pathetic today i was told to wait for 15min only to come back find no food is ready?Waited another 130min only to get my food ready.That's Suck let 15 min be 15 not 1hr 30min...wait .....I just ordered pepper soup and fufu off of ubereats, and I'm not kidding you this was the best thing I've had in Philly in a very long time. I got very spicy because I'm a Korean girl, and they definitely do not skimp on spice. I tried African food at another restaurant, and I was disgusted by it and the fufu was hard. But I decided to give it another try and honestly I'm so glad I did. The soup was so flavorful, and the fufu was perfectly soft for me to swallow, just how I watched in multiple mukbangs LOL. I will be returning as a loyal customer because this was so. freaking. good.This was my first time eating here. My mom and I were craving African food and we checked this place out. It's far from where we live but worth the drive. The prices are reasonable and you get large portions. We called in our order over the phone and it was ready when we arrived. We ordered cassava leaf and rice potatoes greens and jollof rice with chicken. All of it was delicious. Parking was   Ok we got a spot right in front of the place. The inside was clean and music was good as well. All I can say is I can't wait to go back and try more menu items.I absolutely love their food. I live in New York but I came out to Philly and found their restaurant. It is difficult to find authentic Liberian food in New York so I take the drive sometimes. It tastes just as good as my mothers. Try the potato greens!!!The quality is not there anymore, food taste is never consistent. They use to cook the cassava greens with beef, crowfoot now it's mostly cheap ass smoke Turkey which I can only stomach so much of. The location in Upper Darby is closer to me but not much better. Food full of salt, and it makes no sense to complain because they don't care. Been eating from this business for as long as I can remember, hate when a neighborhood favorite changes so drastically.The Food was good and the staff was very friendly and helpful. If  you like to eat a spicy well balanced meal i would try this spot the food was well seasoned.I don't usually write reviews but this is great restaurant,the food is amazing,clean,the waitresses are really friendly and helpful A must try for food lovers.I'm from New York I'm used to enjoying great food this by far one of the best restaurant in Philadelphia whenever I come to Phily I pass by.try you won't regret it.I love African food. I've only eaten from here about 3 or 4 times. They are now on Uber Eats so that's a plus. My only issue with many of the African restaurants in Philadelphia are 1. They rarely offer other fish options besides Tilapia which I am completely against eating. It also upsets my stomach. 2. The level of sodium in the food is sometimes like an assault on the tastebuds. Overall though Le Mandingue is tasty and they offer many varieties. I love there cassava leaf and potato greens. My children often opt for dibi which is grilled lamb. You get a good amount of food for really, really cheap! I hope they find a way to reduce salt content of food though. Be prepared to drink a whole gallon of water.This place is EVERYTHING RIGHT in the world! I absolutely love their dibi lamb, jollof rice and potato greens.. I live about 35-40 minutes from here but I do not have a problem going at least twice a week! The food always tastes fresh and there is never a long wait time for my food.. If you're looking for consistently good African food, look no further!I always pass here on my way back from Maryland(or one of the rare times I am in Philly). To the reviewer who thought the restaurant are by french speaking Africans its actually a Liberian restaurant. However, they are from the Madingo ethnic group, hence the name Le-Mandinque. Commonly called the "attieke place", I think thats what most people get when they come here. I have only had the beef attieke and the fish attieke and both have been the best attieke I have ever eaten! Even in Africa.  I have never eaten in but they are very speedy with your orders and the prices are fair for the amount of food you get. Unfortunately I can not go as much as I would like but anytime I am in the area I always pass by!The food was good but after finding this online I will not be visiting this place again.This restaurant is mobbed. They have space for you to dine in but everyone was ordering and taking out. The lady was direct and organized. She kept the process flowing by taking orders and keeping the crowd flowing. You should definitely know what you are ordering or you will be left in the dust trying to determine what you want in order to order your food. "Don't nobody have time for that." 
I ordered potatoe greens, foo-foo, stew chicken, jaloff rice, fried red snapper pepper sauce. I found the potatoe greens very oily and okay in flavor. My overall opinion is that the food was very oily and not that flavorful. It is my second African Restaurant that I tried and was not fond of the food at all. I would not say it is bad but I can't say it's good. Try for yourself and draw your own conclusion because this experience left me scratching my head.