I saw a deal on Groupon for Lee How Fook recently and after I read the reviews on Yelp, I was really excited to check this place out.  Unfortunately, I just didn't enjoy this restaurant and was pretty disappointed.
Lee How Fook is pretty small, but that didn't make it lose any points in my book.  I could see it getting really busy (especially since there are only about 10 tables available), so I would definitely suggest making reservations if you're going on a weekend.  The service wasn't bad, but when I asked some questions about some dishes on the menu, I had a hard time understanding what she was trying to say.  
Okay now to the main course - food!  For appetizers, we ordered the pan seared pork dumplings and sui mai.  Both appetizers were delicious and the dipping sauce was really good.  For the entrees, we ordered the sweet & sour chicken, pan fried noodle with shrimp, and pan fried noodle with beef and black bean sauce.  The sweet & sour chicken was awful - more sweet than sour - and the vegetables in it were really undercooked (pretty much raw).  (I do have to admit that I like things spicy, so maybe this dish just wasn't for me.)  For both pan fried noodle dishes, they were blah with a side of blah.  The beef dish was supposed to be spicy, but I just didn't taste any heat.  I left here full, but unsatisfied.I could write a lengthy review, persuasive and layered to hit all the right points. But why do that when Lee How Fook makes food that does it for you? Long story short they have some of the best general tso chicken I have eaten to date. Try it for yourself and get back at me. - CoolieI've been to lots of Asian restaurants. This is definitely my favorite! Everything is very authentic and obviously home-made. I just always want to go there for lunch or dinner!Really love their food, IMO the best chinese in chinatown.  Stars of the menu are the hot and sour soup (unlike any that you've had) and the General Tso chicken (again, unlike any that you've had more tempura style than the greasy chunks of fried chicken you get elsewhere).  
If ordering the General Tso chicken, ask for the sauce on the side, you'll thank me later.The food and service were sooo disappointing I felt compelled to join Yelp and write this review.  The food was exceedingly bland and flavorless.   I had the beef sate with chinese broccholi  which was advertised as spicy.  Not only wasn't it spicy but the sauce had no flavor at all let alone spice or sate.  The spring roll was doughy with limp(not crisp) veggies and bland.  The duck abalone soup was the only part of the meal that had some slight flavor. My companions had the duck with vegetables over rice which looked very dry, and the vegetables had a burned oily flavor.  Another had the pork over  rice which was salty but otherwise underseasoned as well.   We waited about 15-20 minutes before our order was taken,  and the wait for the check was long as well.  The appetizers and entrees all arrived at the same time.  I've had better Chinese food from food carts.  My least satisfying meal in Chinatown, and I eat out alot all over the country.Simple flavors and well prepared. Understaffed at lunch. Fried Dumplings good, not great but not  greasy. Pork buns really tasty, pork a bit tough. General Tsos chicken delicious. Broccoli room temperature. Rice was fluffy and hot. Unusual to like rice that much  There's a skilled cook back in the kitchen for sure. Overall good feeling in the dining room but only one server for three tables + takeout+ phone. I'll be back. Uneven but worthwhile.Excellent restaurant for authentic Chinese food.  Nothing to look at but excellent food. Love this place!The best hot and sour soup in Philadelphia.  Period.  The salt baked squid is another specialty that is done perfect.Lee How Fook is certainly a hidden gem. It is located on the edge of Chinatown, surrounded by a number of good Asian restaurants. It is absolutely worth trying. The quality of the food is note worthy. Their General Tso is some of the best ive had in recent memory. It isn't greasy AND it tastes good.The atmosphere is very mom and pop. A good place to go for 2-4 people looking for good chinese cuisine. Keep in mind that the place literally only has like 5 tables. Its super small. Not the best chinese but definitely worth trying, its good!This place is the real deal. 
The best items are the appetizer pork buns, the salt baked squid, the crispy tofu with crab meat, the sea bass with black bean sauce. 
I love the hot and soup as well as the schezuan turnip and roast pork soup. 
I usually get a fried rice too as the portion is huge for 7 dollars. 
There are some sub par items on the menu but they are things that I would never order anyways and have just tried from other people. 
Its BYOB. Closed on Mondays and they close kinda early in general for Chinatown standards.It's been a while since I've gotten really excited about Chinese food. All of the recommendations in the past have fell flat, really flat. Until my friend and teacher recommended Fook's. Wow, was he spot on. Whenever we are in Philly, I try to find an excuse to eat at Fooks! Keep in mind its a small spot, and can get quite busy. The waitress we had tonight was a bit overwhelmed, we asked for her to provide simple things (e.g. - bring one of the apps out w dinner, etc.) that she got wrong. None the less, it did not impact the quality of the food and were missteps that I can and will overlook.This place isn't what it used to be.  We were out to dinner a little later than usual, so our favorite place was going to be closing soon (Ting Wong) and figured we'd give Lee How Fook a try.  We used to go here a few years ago, but now I now why we must have left.  The Peking Spare Ribs lacked flavor, the Salt Baked Squid was dry and chewy and the Chinese Broccoli was way too salty.  Food seemed fresh, just not very well prepared.  We'll try someplace else, next time we're too late for Ting Wong.I quit eating Chinese take out years ago, mostly because I've found that normally I would find a menu shoved in my door jam and I would order and it would be all good and fine and then one day I would actually see the place I ordered from and want to hurl.  Lee How Fook has brought Chinese food back into my life and I could not be more grateful! I'm a huge fan of the family style, but really I've only been to this place with one or two other people but it works anyway. My friend and I split and order of pan fried pork dumplings, chicken fried rice and general tso's and it was literally like $16 bucks.  A ton of really delicious food for not a lot of money.  I have heard rave reviews about the hot and sour soup, and I see there are some on here as well so it's also got that going for it.  I've also ever been in the lunch crowd and it isn't typically slammed, so for a sit down meal, you're out of there in like 30 minutes, maybe a little more. I've always had a positive waitstaff experience. The one thing I will say is that I was a little bothered one day when i saw our waitress with a giant pile of pork (in the dining room mind you) stuffing dumplings for the dinner rush...... Then again there was nothing particularly unsanitary about  it so I just let it roll....
I can't wait for my next heaping bowl of fried rice (boring but AWESOME!) 4 starts for filling my tummy!why all the love brothers and sisters?
we were four and ordered:
fried dumplings, just ok - not as good as mommas and not quite as good as mine;
fish fillet hong kong style - the fish was well cooked but small and the sauce was like what i make at home when i have no time and no ingredients;
fried oysters in black bean and chili sauce - disappointing, the sauce was too salty and the batter on the oysters was too thick and doughy - so the oysters were like meatball sized glops;
kung pao scallops - ok, better than panda express if you get my drift;
duck in lemon sauce - this reminded me of the food court favorite, the duck was fine though it would have been better if it was prepared in a way that some of the fat left the meat and it was literally swimming on a pond of lemon simple syrup that made me cringe inside (i.e. there was no real lemon)
the rice was kinda lacking, not good quality, and serving it in an open steel bowl means it gets cold fast
the tea was a combo chrysanthemum and jasmine, an easy but novel way to serve restaurant tea and not have to ask: jasmine or chrysanthemum? i give this a plus over the competitors.
service was mediocre, but, um, what do you expect from a chinese restaurant?Good food. The portions are much larger than what we were told so we ended up leaving a ton of food. The salt cooked if more like fried but in salt?  Don't know how to describe it. It's good but you need to eat it hot. The dumplings were ok. Kinda greasy. I think you need to know what you want because the wait staff, while I think really trying to be helpful, wasn't as much as I would have hoped.Definitely one of my favorite Chinese places in the city. I have been going for many years and it's never disappointed. 
Something not to miss are the soups for two - there are multiple interesting and delicious options. The duck soup is great as well as the chicken and vegetables. They are rich and satisfying. 
I usually always get the same entree because it is so tasty - beef with black bean sauce and pan fried noodles. The beef and chinese greens are done perfectly and the egg noodles are buttery and satisfying. One order is enough for at least two and possibly three meals, depending on how hungry you are, so be prepped for leftovers.
It's BYOB and inexpensive. Gets very crowded on weekend eveningsl. So worth it!This is my favorite restaurant in China town by far.  The food is authentic and absolutely amazing. It's full of flavor and the menue has an amazing variety. I came to this restaurant 3 days in a row and was blown away every time. Im only disappointed because it's not an everyday staple of my life l. Not only is the food amazing but the staff is very accommodating and kind. They always make sure you're very well taken care of and have no problems giving you amazing suggestions if you're just confused on what you'd like to try. It would be a mistake to walk through Chinatown Philadelphia and not grab a bite to eat here. I come everytime I enter this city.My mother and I were in Philly for my birthday. I am a Chinese food lover and I decided that I wanted Chinese food. We took a shot in the dark and bam! The food was great. The Chow Fun was great and the OMG the pan fried noodle with seafood was great. I highly recommend that you come here.Delicious food! Excellent customer service! Their original, house-made dim sum sauce goes well with everything. We were walking around before we had to pickup our car and decided to stop in for lunch. The establishment small, but now crowded or uncomfortable. Highly recommended.Lee How Fook is one of my favorite places in Chinatown-- great food, reasonable prices, and friendly fast service, all of the components earning it 5 stars. If you have a large group, this is a great venue-- try one of the banquet menus in the back room, complete with lazy susans at the table, plus it's BYOB. If you're ordering a la carte, I recommend so many things, including the salt baked squid, buddha delight (like a veggie egg roll but way way better), pan fried dumplings, peking duck, chow fun noodles, and sea bass in black bean sauce (among other tasty delights).Hello, Tiny!
Place is super small with what feels like a family waitstaff. Think 15 year old  daughter seating you, etc. Made me smile.
The food was good and not greasy which is pretty impressive for Chinese food. I know I should say more but honestly the most impressive thing to me was that the things that were fried were crispy delicious without being oily. Sold.This place had slightly above-average Americanized Chinese food, with even a few nods to real Chinese cookin' thrown in (veggies w/ oyster sauce, salt baked squid).  Some dishes are good (hot pot), some are not (Szechuan anything... really just icky sweet & sour sauce with a dash of hot sauce & ketchup).  However, if I want takeaway food I'll order out from my local place.  If I'm going to walk all the way to C-town, I want the real deal.Lee How Fook, always a favorite of good old Chinatown. The food is alway great here. My favorite to go out of the norm -- everyone should at least try the salt and pepper baked squid.  It takes a spin from the regular calamari.  Also, the veggie dishes are awesome.  Anything that comes from the kitchen is piping hot.  Inside decor is very appealing and inviting.  Although everyone does miss the Zen Teahouse next door, Lee How Fook lives up to the reputation.We love Lee How Fook!  The food is always fresh and delicious, prices are very reasonable, and service is friendly and fast.  It's a frequent dinner destination for our family when we come in from the suburbs.  We usually bring a bottle of wine, and share a few appetizers.  Steamed and fried dumplings and won ton soup are some of our faves.  Their salt baked squid is wonderful, and in my opinion, worth a special trip.So with the high rating on yelp, I ventured out to Lee How Fook after searching for an hour for a parking space...
The place looked nice on the inside and my girlfriend and I were looking forward to lunch since we were starving.  I opened the menu, skimmed through...then realized I didn't really want to try anything here...maybe this is because I was thinking most of this stuff was going to be authentic Chinese fare, but it definitely didn't seem like it.  Now nothing against American "take-out" Chinese food, I think it's good, but I've been to China, and real Chinese food is just mind blowing....so I can't settle for anything non-authentic if I'm in Chinatown.
So we just ordered 6 steamed dumplings.  They came out within 5 minutes with soy sauce and scallions.   They were tasty, but definitely not the best I've had.  We then packed our bags and headed to NanZhou Hand Drawn Noodle House (which was unbelievable).
I'm rating this place a 3 just on my experience with the dumplings.  Maybe if I tried the food it would be different?...We had a surprise baby shower at the restaurant's private room for my wife while visiting from Miami. We were blown away by the food and service,  and my wife was surprised!! Great time, awesome food, we will be back. My wife who is a native of Argentina is now a big fan of China Town in Philly.Now that our neighborhood Chinese restaurant is closed my husband and I are on the hunt for a new go-to. His theory is that the best Chinese must come from China town, so it's worth it to get in the car and go grab some take-out.
Tonight we tried Lee How Fook.
It was a disappointment.
Let me keep it simple -
The orange chicken that was designated as "spicy" on the menu was not spicy. Not even a little bit. I am sensitive to spice, and was looking for something spicy to clear my sinuses tonight...and this dish did not deliver. On top of that, it wasn't even flavorful.
The won ton soup was bland and the filling could have benefited from some scallions or carrots or something crunchy.
The pan seared dumplings where chewy and falling apart.
The servings were VERY small, especially considering that the prices were much higher than your typical Chinese restaurant.
The szechuan shredded pork was basically absent any pork.
Looks like our hunt continues...This is one of my favorite authentic Chinese spots in Chinatown. Let me tell you their salt baked squid is the bomb.com and it's the best I've ever had. They also have a new sauce, it's a dumpling sauce and it's more on the sweet side but adds great flavor to any of your meals. They also added new items on their menu like scallion pancakes, shrimp dumplings and crab rangoon. They have wonderful customer service and the workers are exceptional, they make your experience 10 times better. You definitely will not regret checking this restaurant out!!Came here based on a recommendation from a friend. Initially was skeptical as there weren't too many people inside, but after trying their food, I was impressed! Ordered the Salt Baked - 3 Treasures and the Chicken and Corn Fried Fish - yum! In hindsight, it was actually a good thing there was no line/not many people there!badabing badaboom and that's how you make some chao fan. tastes just like it did at the shi tang that we chi wu fan when i was living in zhong guo for liu yue. 
What I'm trying to say is this Chinese food tastes as good as it does in China. And that's not always easy to find in Philadelphia. So if you are looking for great Chinese food you should head over to this joint .Hadn't been here in years. Used to go 1-2 times a month when I lived in the city. I was in the area this week, so I stopped by  to get take out. Salt baked squid still rocks. My hubby, who never had it before, is now craving it. I see a trip to Chinatown happening this weekend. 
I also remember that my mom used to like this place because it was run by a mother and her daughters.This place gave me my Chinese-food fix, but I probably wouldn't venture out this way just to have lunch or dinner here, as it is a further hike from my starting points. The food was decent, slightly above-average Chinese food. 
One server was running the whole place, which consisted of quite a lot of take-out, as well as the sit-down patrons, so she was doing as good a job as only one server can do given the circumstances!I'm always trying to steer my friends to eat Chinese food in Chinatown. Just because it's so close and that much better.  Though it's more on the American side, I loved LHF for these reasons:
1) I love dining family style. 14 of us spun 16 plates of delicious food on a lazy susan for about $15 a person, and we were all stuffed! 
2) The place is BYOB! We happily went through about 6 bottles of wine that night in preparation for Karaoke. Fabulous! 
3) For meat eaters, there's lots of animals to choose from - duck, chicken, beef, squid, abalone, shrimp, pork, clams, lobster, etc...
4) The private room is great for groups. The tables seat 12 people, comfortably, but we squeezed some more at the corners. Otherwise, you can ask for them to push the tables together. That means 2 lazy susans! (can you tell that i love lazy susans?)I really don't like the ambiance here. It's neither swanky nor endearingly run down. If I had to compare it to anything, it would be to the back room of a synagogue where they do the kiddush. But they have the best dumplings I've ever had, hands down. What I've had of their entrees hasn't been memorable, which isn't a bad thing. Service is prompt and friendly, and the complimentary tea is just perfect.Best hot & sour soup ever! Delicious peking duck & snow pea leaves! Don't miss this place!What a hidden little gem.  Lee how fook is a tiny place on north 11th street.  
Something that most spots in Chinatown aren't- this place is clean!! 
Food is always super fresh and not greasy for chinese food.  Pad Thai that is usually a special on the menu is some of the best Pad Thai I have ever had.  Go to staple of General Tso's is best out there  Huge chuncks of white meat and the chicken is not breaded and covered in goopy sauce.  Take out is good, no delivery, but for Chinese food this good it is worth the drive to go pick up. Had to wait a bit longer for take out a couple of weeks ago and the waiter was super accomodating.  Asked where my car was parked and he brought the food out to me when it was done.  couldn't ask for better service... except when they huff and puff when you ask for a fork.  :)I definitely enjoy eating here and appreciate the service I've gotten. I haven't tried too common items off their menu--my boyfriend and I love fish dishes and salt baked squid, so we usually only order that here. Their salt baked squid is definitely one of the best I've had in Chinatown. We also order the Sea Bass Filet with black bean and hot peppers. This dish is quite delicious--the fish is tasty and the peppers are crispy! We always ask for "spicy" and they definitely listen to us. 
I also want to rave about their service, specifically one younger male server. One Friday evening on our way out of town, we got a flat tire and had to call AAA. We decided to have dinner here while we waited assuming AAA would take forever. However, they showed up as soon as the food arrived, so my boyfriend left to attend to that. Our server was very thoughtful. He put our food back in the kitchen in warmers so it wouldn't get cold (I was obviously waiting for my boyfriend to come back before eating). He gave us fresh rice as soon as my boyfriend got back. We really appreciated his thoughtfulness! All other times, the service has been decent. It's a small place, so it can get filled up quickly. When it's really busy, we may have to wait some time to get our water glasses refilled, but they definitely do their best to keep up. I definitely recommend this place if you're in the area.Byo! Gotta love that. Used a groupon so it was a good deal. Got the yelp favorites: salt baked squid and sea bass dish. Both were very good. I was not crazy about the own fried noodles. They were drenched in a brown sauce. And the shredded pork was not good with it. We ordered sauteed dumplings and one side of each was slightly burned. Found that odd - obviously a mistake.  Overall it was hit or miss with the dishes so stick to the recommendations.Dinner here for two reasons: good Yelp reviews and close by to our hotel. It's tiny inside, but we were squeezed in at a table for two by the window. 
Started off with pan fried pork dumplings (6 for $4.75) - delicious and not too greasy. We shared the pan fried noodles with chicken and Chinese broccoli ($9.25) and chicken with ginger and scallion ($9.25). Oodles of food that we didn't finish! Hot tea is complimentary.
Others noted the lack of ambiance, but it didn't bother me. It's a little sterile inside, but I guess I'm not going for Chinese expecting a swanky place. Definitely recommend!Great restaurant! They accommodated a very large group of us (12) who were in town for a convention on St Patrick's Day. Food was great, service also good. We had hot sour soup, general tsos chicken, chicken with broccoli, orange chicken, and scallops with cashews.Came here on a cold fall day to try it with friends after church. Located in Chinatown right off 11th St right before Vine St, this place is relatively accessible. Known mainly for their Chinese dishes, soups, noodle dishes, and more, it represents just another Chinese food option in a part of the city that has plenty of similar options. Prices here are most reasonable although I do wish I did receive a little more food. However, the quality of the food here is pretty good and satisfactory. I ended up going with a lo mein with beef combo and found the beef to be quite tender, juicy, and flavorful. I also had a try of some of the soup from a friend who ended up ordering a beef noodle soup (wet) and I found that soup not only to be great but the beef also to be quite good. Certainly a great option to add to the list of Chinese cuisine options in Chinatown for sure. It is worth a stop in to try if you are in the area!Went after a Phillies game. Very good authentic Chinese food, but the restaurant only has a few tables. They also opted to have the front door open instead of using the AC which make it a little hot and uncomfortable.Lee How Fook was wildly disappointing last night.
After a day at the Midtown Village Fall Festival, our group of four decided to keep walking north and feed our hungry bellies with some quality Chinese food. Four stars on Yelp, 50 reviews, and a packed house ensured a good meal (or so we thought).
Vegetarian steamed dumplings were very good, as was a very simple dish of lo mein with ginger and scallions. The vegetables in the Buddha's Delight were extremely fresh, green and crisp, but that is where the praises end.
"Chef Specialty" scallops with cashew nuts was rubbery all around and extremely bland. Nuts tasted stale and scallops lacked any flavor whatsoever. Chicken with asparagus and black pepper hot pot tasted ONLY like pepper, and the chicken had a texture that made me think it had been previously frozen. Szechwan eggplant came to the table and I wondered, "who ordered wings?" The eggplant was mush that tasted like it had been marinating in Frank's hot sauce. 
When I asked the waiter what made the eggplant specifically "Szechwan," as it was not what we were expecting, he said half-laughing, "I have no idea-- I'm not the chef, I'm just a server." No offering to find out, no explanations of the dish whatsoever. 
Fook you, dude.Ordered: Sweet&Sour sea bass and orange chicken. 
Turned out to be pretty average american chinese food and way too sweet even on that standard. Much better choices abound in other parts of china town. exp: Sang Kee Duck houseNice and quiet restaurant lots of non chinese and not sure if it is a good thing or not. My Chinese friends said this restaurant is no good but I did not see anything bad about this placeExcellent dumpling noodle soup, seafood tofu hot pot, and fish fillet with veggies.  Great service, and friendly too.We've been coming here for about 25 years but in the last couple years we'd felt the food was less consistently fabulous than in the past. We never had a bad experience, just not the superlative deliciosity factor we'd come to expect every single time (eg oversalting on some dishes, or overly watery lobster sauce) .
However, all in all, we still feel Lee How is generally one of the BEST Chinese restaurants in Philly (so we never stopped going there). We've tried a lot of them.
The good news is that they have become wonderful again. We've sampled Hot and Sour soup in many cities and still agree that they make it better than anyone else, and their veggie dumplings are fabulous! I could name all the different dishes we enjoy there, but the list would be too long.Here, just like everybody and their mama, I'm gonna let yez know that the salt baked squid is very good: light, crispy, tender, and yeah, salty... all at once. Taking bites of squidward with shredded green onion and hot pepper slices are good bites, that's rights. They're good bites paired with a cold beer, if you remembered to bring em. BYOB.
The pan fried noodles weren't as tasty and toothy as the last time we slurped em, however. The addition of hot chili oil helped a bit. Oddly, they were much better cold the next day. See, so they were still good enough to take home with us. 
By the way, the only Werewolves of London reference I made at the table wasn't obvious enough, I guess... "I hear that a little old lady got mutilated late last night." Everyone just seemed quite concerned instead. Well, that's what I get, aaahoooo.I fell in love with "Beef Ho Fun" at Lee-How-Fook.  Its a simple looking dish with simple looking ingredients, Beef, Scallions, Noodles,  Put them together and "WOW!"  Since my visit there I have ordered the same dish elsewhere, and the taste just couldnt compare.  The waiting staff was very relaxed and attentive. Food arrived at the table hot and aromatic. Atmosphere is very stylish and cozy.   I will go back for more!There is good and bad stuff at Lee How Fook. We really like the food here, its tasty and fresh . Lets get the bad out of the way. RESERVATIONS ARE USELESS!!! We made a reservation a month in advance and they gave it away 15 minutes before our reservation. Then they tried to make it our problem. The good, which may not compensate for their disorganization and attitude, is that the food is ok. Personally, when I have to wait with my pregnant wife and a bunch of kids for an inferior table I don't care how good the food might be. Unfortuneatly my wife wanted to eat here. I say NEVER AGAINThis place has quite a following and I want to be a fan, but my experiences here have been lackluster. Based on the assortment of dishes I've had from Lee How Fook, the meat is poorly trimmed which is a deal breaker for me. The last thing I want when I put a chunk of orange chicken in my mouth is a mouthful of fat. In an area of the city with 1000 awesome Chinese food restaurants, this is not the one for me.Best salt baked in the city! A great little place and an excellent value. Fook yeah!This place is over rated.  I immediately knew that the chinese food here wouldn't be any good because there weren't any asian people eating in the restaurant.  The second sign: there wasn't any chinese on the menu.  The food is very greasy.  I ordered the duck with black bean sauce which consisted of mostly duck skin.  I would not recommend this place to anyone.Great place! My friend has been coming here for 7 years and raves about it to all his friends. He even came to lee how fook twice a month when he moved to NY. My friends and i always get the salt baked squid, general tsos chicken and the roast duck. The service is fast and friendly!News flash! This place is a BYO! Came here a couple years ago and wanted to do a review, but got so drunk I could barely remember the meal. My bad.
Fast forward to the present and I came here with a group of 15. We were seated in their banquet room. From what I learned, that bathroom is nicer than the main dining room. Both rooms have Lazy Susans for larger parties. Best way to tackle the menu is go with a few people and order a bunch of things.
Go for anything salt baked! Your tastebuds will thank you, but not your cholesterol count. Other things that are great are the peking duck, the pan fried noodles, scallops in vegetables, sautéed Chinese greens, and the beef in sweet and spicy garlic sauce. The dumplings are just alright, but I think the pork steamed ones taste better and less greasy and then pan fried vegetable ones. All around, a sound place for Chinese food.I rarely bother to review on Yelp, but this restaurant is so horrendously bad that I felt the need.  I realize that Philadelphia Chinatown is a desert for authentic and/or good Chinese food, and is the reason why I avoid it generally, but this place defines the bar down.  Even the tea is undrinkable.  Lamb hot pot is an insipid bowl of gristle and bone. Lo mein with leeks, I think it was called, at least had the grit to prove that they used actual leaks with the cheap egg noodles and sliced ginger.  Gourmet.
I wish I could recommend an alternative, but I guess I'll have to stick to the Chinese food, as done by Koreans, at H-Mart in Upper Darby, that shining beacon of Asian Food for those of us who have had the privilege of eating in Flushing or the San Gabriel Valley.I used to eat here somewhat regularly years ago. I decided to try caviar delivery for the first time. 
Well I couldn't have been more disappointed in my food. The wonton soup which was always so good, were super slimy. I couldn't even eat it. Then I got a lo mein dish that was also bizarre texture, not a good flavor either. I was pretty shocked. Wondering if it isn't under some different management. It def isn't the place I used to go!!My wife and I do not claim to be Chinese food experts, however, we try to visit Chinatown (in Boston) once in a while because we love Asian cuisine. Since we were staying near Chinatown in Philly, we decided to explore! We found good reviews for Lee How Fook on Yelp.com, so we decided to try it out. 
We dined with another couple, so we went with the "family style" ordering. We each chose a dish, and shared everything. Our dishes were: Orange Chicken, Tofu with Crabmeat Sauce and Broccoli, Shrimp with Black Bean Sauce, and the Scallops with Cashew Nuts. All of these dishes were FANTASTIC! It seemed like the top two favorite dishes were the Tofu with Crabmeat Sauce and the Orange Chicken. The tofu was crispy on the outside and soft, tender, and yummy on the inside. The crabmeat was fresh and the sauce was delicious, and the broccoli was fresh, green, and crispy. The Orange Chicken had a little spice to it (just enough) and was crispy (but not deep-fried) and flavorful. 
My wife and I agreed that this was the best Chinese restaurant experience we have ever had, and it seemed like our friends loved the place as well. This meal was actually the highlight of our trip to Philly!I once took a friend here from Hong Kong - and her first comment upon eating was "Wow - authentic Chinese food in Philadelphia.  I'm impressed"
Love the pan friend noodles with beef and black bean sauce.  Really love the salt and pepper squid and scallops.  Wish I still lived in Philly so I could eat here more often . . .Tucked away in Chinatown this gem has great peaking duck and amazing soups. The staff was very helpful to the point they raised the heat bc we were cold. If you are looking for a great Chinese food at a good price I recommend Lee How Fook.Great!  Try the salt baked squid.  Delish.Surrounded by Chinatown with it standard fare, this restaurant how shines them all. A perfect BYOB, it's cuisine is made with high-quality ingredients and cooked to perfection. Not too many Frills, but very clean. The dining room is small, but always easy to get a seat during peak Hours.
Definitely my go-to place anytime I crave Chinese food.Worth a trip. Their duck and tofu soup has spoiled me from enjoying duck soup any where else. It is just plain OUTSTANDING. In fact we have been pleased with so many dishes here. By the way, the wait staff does a great job of answering questions and making suggestion. I also absolutely love their hot pots.A lifelong Philadelphian, I have been to lots of places in Chinatown, and as far as I am concerned you can stop here.  Although the place gets loud and is on the smaller side, well, don't take your deaf grandparents there.  That is no need to downgrade the place with all the great things.  The food is fantastic, and inexpensive.  (Maybe a touch pricier then some other Chinese places?  but worth it)  I went with my fiancee, we ordered way too much food because so much looked good, and still got out for around $45.  And were eating leftovers for days.  The service is fast, but not rushed.  The menu is huge, with tons of variety.  And to top it off, it is a BYOB, so I cna bring my own wine, usually of better quality, and always cheaper, then what restaurants offer.I was pleasantly surprised by Lee How Fook. During my visit to Philadelphia in order to prep for moving there, my fiancee and I decided on this place for our last night of dinner because she was dying to try the Lamb Casserole after I had mentioned it to her. Myself, I was interested in trying scallops for the first time in a "safe dish", which meant that the Triple Delight Hot Pot sounded right for me. 
The service was prompt and typical of a Chinese place, which I happen to like a great deal. The bathroom was clean and the environment was cozy. I didn't realise that we were getting a big bowl of white rice, so I ordered the vegetable fried rice to share, which came out first. This was some of the best fried rice I've ever had in my entire life. The vegetables were delicious and plentiful and the egg was mixed in perfectly.  The white rice was also nice and moist. 
The Triple Delight Hot Pot came out boiling in a clay pot. I think this adds a lot to the presentation factor of the dish. Within the dish was plentiful amounts of chicken, onions, string beans/green beans, and other vegetables. Lesser was the beef and scallops; however, there was enough there to satisfy me. Everything was fresh and tasteful, but I would suggest eating the scallops sooner than later because the dish continues cooking and the scallops will end up being a bit rubbery if you leave them be. Having said that, if you get at them early, they are quite tasty and reminiscent of other shellfish. 
The tea that came with the meal was also delicious. I would compare it to Sang Kee Peking Duck's tea. Overall, I found this to be a satisfying meal and if I were ordering out for the night, I may skip fried rice at one establishment and make an extra trip here!Extremely disappointed!  With the rating they have on here, I did have high expectations.   Apparently where I went wrong, I did not order the standard items that are recommended on the reviews.  But if it's a great restaurant, there should be more than a few great items.
Buddha vege spring rolls - bland and burned
Steamed vege dumplings - bland, damn near tasteless
Beef and scallions - bland
Chicken and broccoli - bland
Needless to say I wont be back, there are far too many great restaurants in Philly to give this one another try.This place has the absolute best calamari you will ever have. You won't be disappointed when you try it with it's savory salty crunch. I love the service and the opportunity to see the owner every visit. Probably some of the best authentic Chinese food dishes I've ever eaten. Try it for yourself.Some simply fantastic Chinese food in a minimalist atmosphere. The salt baked squid is imperative. I have never been disappointed in any dish I  have had here. Go out on limb and order out of your comfort zone and you will be thrilled. The dumplings were so good we reordered them. Start with the "silky" corn and chicken soup. The soup is the best I've had of this variety. We over ordered and nothing was left over... the price was beyond reasonable. Loveeeee this china town restaurant. Do not forget to get the salt baked squid, if you have more then 5 at the table best order 2.So I admit, I was a little skeptical when my very white friend suggested we go here for dinner. After all, she's from San Diego, new to the area, and could barely remember the name of this restaurant. Keeping an open mind, four of us went in and decided to give it a shot.
WOW are we glad we did! You won't think much of this place when you walk in, but that's the case with most places in Chinatown. We ordered fried rice (see previous note about being with a white person), salt baked squid, special clay pot hot pot, pan fried noodles with beef, and sauteed pea shoots.
After stuffing our faces, we all tried to choose our favorite dish, but we couldn't pick. That's how good the food is. Also, there was hardly any food left.
Definitely try this place if you are a fan of Chinese food. Or don't try it and it can just be my little secret.My absolute favorite restaurant in Chinatown Philly. I have been going here for 20+ years and they continue to serve up great dishes that are far and away better than any other place in Chinatown.
I always get: salt baked squid (unreal!), Buddha roll, seafood hotpot and also crab and asparagus soup. The Chinese fried chicken is also delicious.
I am hesitant to recommend Lee How Fook because I don't want everyone else to find out about it!If you are looking for a place to go with a group of friends, I HIGHLY recommend Lee How Fook. You know how sometimes you go to dinner with a large (10-12) group of friends, and you end up sitting at a big rectangular table and don't get to talk to people sitting on the other side of the table? Well this place has big square tables so you can enjoy the company of ALL your friends while at dinner. Also, in the middle is a lazy susan which helps in the sharing of food and wine and beer (did I mention this restaurant is BYO!!) With 12 people in our group I was able to sample a number of things on the menu - and everything I had was great. Best of all, the bill came to only 20 bucks a person! (including a generous tip). Can't beat that!!!This was a Christmas Dinner destination for a group of 7 of us this year.  My friend booked a large table in the back room which was great.  It was quiet and perfect for a lazy susan shared meal which we thoroughly enjoyed.  Fortunately a wine lover supplied us with good drink since we had forgotten about it being a BYOB.  Thank you David!
We decided to just order a lot of things with special longing for the hot pots, which some of my friends recommended.  The lamb hot pot was incredibly tasty and fresh. But really everything we order was excellent.  My one friend was set on something "bright orangey" colored in keeping with Chinese restaurant kitschy tradition and so Orange Chicken was ordered!  It was surprisingly good and meaty.  
This meal was a-typical for chinatown, in my opinion. It was a level higher in considering freshness and healthy fare.  It seemed less salty and more flavorful to me.  Im a new fan of Lee How Fook!Best Chinese. Try the chefs selection fish or the hot pot. We always have a great time here, whether as a couple, with family, or with friends - there is something for everyone. They have the traditional - whole roast duck or fish, which takes extra time to prepare, but is well worth the wait . The soup is also really tasty. I always go away full and satisfied, and enjoying a lovely evening.Had this recommended by someone working with the Roots (!) and I'm glad we took their advice.  The atmosphere wasn't anything special, a cut above your typical greasy spoon restaurant and the service was just OK, but the food was wonderful.  Great dumpling appetizers and delicious soup.  Had one of the chicken entrees and was very happy with that too.  One of those like-the-plate type of meals.  If they fixed up the place a bit, it would be a five-star experience.I love this place for Chinese food.  My favorite is the seafood fried rice.  I am a very picky eater and cannot eat greasy or fried foods.  But my friend let me try her seafood fried rice.  It is so delicious and not heavy or greasy that i had to order more to go.  Service is always good/prompt.  The tables are tight but it's a small space and they make the most of it.  I have never had a bad meal here.I've been on a quest for good pan-fried noodles, and I can say the best I've had are at Lee How Fook...perfectly crispy that get softened with the sauce without getting soggy.  However, I was less enamoured by the other dishes we tried, so I will probably be a one-dish customer whenever I need a noodle fix.Liked it a lot. Quiet, low key, very tasty. It's as just about as good as Cantonese gets.When we went into this restaurant, I don't see any Chinese eating there so I have doubts on this one. I yelped this place before going but I didn't expect like this. However we sat down and opened our wine and beer, we wanted to give it a try. I order the basic Chinese food, hot & sour soup, fired dumplings, pork buns, fired pork crispy noodles, the seafood fired rice. They were all surprisingly good. I don't know whether we will come back next time when we visit PHL again. It is not the usual type of Chinese restaurant I go to.Some of the best Chinese I've ever had. For gluten free people if you let them know when you order they will accommodate you. Fook's noodles with mei fun noodles are fantastic. They say spicy on the menu, but I found them to be mild. The Kung pao beef was very good as well. The only thing that keeps them from getting five stars was putting more noodles and vegetables in the dish and less meat.This is how lee fooked up chinese food. *awaits death stares*
I was really looking forward to this place but god-awful service with mediocre food made for a disappointment. 
The ergonomics here are terrible with tables being much too cramped and the awaiting patrons being cramped into the double-doorway waiting for a table. No one fills water unless you flag them. Service so slow that when you do get your food, you get vulture stares from the nearby tables. A room filled with jealousy.
The chicken dishes come out way oversauced. The general tso's and lemon chicken would have been great but they sit in a plate so filled with sauce that they are both completely soggy and squishy by a minute into fending off said vultures. 
The chicken fried rice was the redeemer here for me. Big bowl, cheap, and scrumptious. I would actually come back here just for this. Otherwise, fook no.