Authentic Turkish food by authentic Turks. Delicious shepherds salad, appetizers, and main course. I love the traditional iskender kebab and my wife loves the well spiced adana kebab. In fact, we liked the food so much, we had them cater our wedding 3 years ago. The prices are more than reasonable for what you get. The exposed brick walls are tastefully adorned with pictures and Turkish artifacts. The place is clean. The service is fast, personalized and with a smile. The hospitality will blow you away. The energetic owner will frequently come around and ask if you are happy with everything. The only thing missing here is that it does not serve alcohol: it's a BYOB. Don't think anyone would be disappointed dining here.We went here on a Groupon.  The atmosphere is beautiful and the food is terrific. The waitstaff was all so friendly and helpful. Pita bread is thick and warm. We will definitely be returning.Consistently GREAT food and service. U can't go wrong with any of the grilled platters. My go to spot for lamb chops! BYOB!I love this place! Unpretentious, tasty,  BYO, huge portions, super friendly staff, has vegetarian options, and is affordable. What more could you want? 
I've had their hummus and other appetizer dips (I'd recommend getting their sampler appetizer, its a great value!), moussaka, and a few varieties of kebabs and have yet to be disappointed. This is a neighborhood staple and a great place to come with friends if you don't feel like dropping a ton of money but still getting great food!I'm pretty sure I purchased my lamb kebab around 2 in the morning, and I'm pretty sure I wolfed it down in about 2 minutes.  I've gotta admit that by this point in the night, things were in a bit of a haze.  HOWEVER, it was great!  I'm so glad there is a kebab place open that late, and in a location that, more often than not, will be on my way home.
I lived in Vienna briefly in 2003, and there was this amazing kebab joint around the corner from my school.  I fell in love with the "doner" sandwich there.
Granted, this turkish place doesn't have the chicken-on-spit style I prefer (only lamb, which is fine), but they do have a meat-from-the-spit sandwich that is traditional and delicious.  I was the only person there at this time of night, so the owner, fresh from playing a game of cards with another older Turkish man, came over and chatted with me for a few minutes.  About what I really cannot recall.
A gorgeous 20-something Turkish woman is the one who went into the back to get my sandwich and bring it out to me.  I'm pretty sure I tipped big because I was so bizarrely happy to be having this weird experience in Philly. The whole 5 minute transaction was magical.  I'll definitely be going back.Had a great meal here tonight. High quality great tasting food, using fresh ingredients, at a great price. We will definitely go back.Both my friend and I were sick with stomach issues after eating here.  We think it might have been the hummus because everything else we ate was fully cooked and she is a vegetarian, so no meat dishes were shared.  It's quite unfortunate, because the food was pretty tasty.  Not the best I've ever had, but pretty decent.  The service was also pretty bad...there were only 4-5 tables and 2 servers, but it took forever for us to order and our water glasses were consistently empty.  Overall, a big disappointment...I will have to search for an alternative middle eastern restaraunt to dine at now.I Have been going here for years.  Love the food and sal is great.  My favorite is the rice pudding. Never tasted anything as good.   Greta lamb as well.  I recommend this place. YumCame here with a Groupon and was very pleased with our meal. However, their bread gets 7 stars. Any app that comes with bread - get it. You won't regret it. How do I get this bread delivered to my house daily?NOTE: Istanbul has moved to South Street between 2nd and 3rd! The phone number is the same; the Passyunk location is closed.
I came in to get take out on Friday or Saturday night (not sure which) and was delighted to find that the kitchen stays open past 2am. The owner, Sal, was there and really friendly and accommodating, as another reviewer mentioned. I had the Vegetable Okra (Sebzeli Banya) and it was great and the flat bread that came with it was perfect.
Looking forward to going back in to try some other menu items, especially the lamb shank.They have a new fixed price / family style meal that is fantastic.  Tasty 4 courses that my wife and I shared over a leisurely dinner the other night.  
I plan on returning with a larger group of friends for what should be fun dinner.Positive: Excellent Black Angus Steak with excellent ambiance in a great location.  Turkish tea and Baklava are delicious.
Negative:  Turkish food is average in quality and they serve grocery store quality pita bread rather than fresh Turkish bread.
Overall: Great place to go with family and friends, especially if you like steaks and appreciate great service and ambiance. 
Revisit:  Will definitely revisit them, especially when family and friends come to the Philadelphia area.Soup was ok, service was terrible, late and unfriendly,  İskender kebab's bread was steal, portions were very small, we were 4 none of us was able to finish to meal, I won't try againAbsolutely delicious! One of the owners, Sal, is super friendly, and all the waiters are very attentive. I had the chicken shish kabob and it was perfectly cooked. The baklava was also great for dessert. Definitely worth a try!We went for dinner last night to S&H Kebab house and we loved it. We just came back from Istanbul, Turkey, and we really enjoyed our culinary experience there. Well, this place reminded us of how good Turkish food is.
We started with the red lentil soup, earthy flavors with a touch of mint, this followed by a creamy and very flavorful babaganush. For main course, we tried the lamb kebab. This comes with a delicious pilaf and some vegetables. It was really good. For dessert, the baked rice pudding was the perfect ending, just like they make it in Istanbul. Personable and very attentive service.My wife and I went with the Groupon offer and were not disappointed. All of the windows open up and there is outside seating. BYOB, nuff said. The decor was very homey and our waiter was very personable. We started with the fried calamari which was fresh, light and delicious. My wife ordered the shrimp kabobs and I went with the lamb chops. Both were cooked on the grill and seasoned perfectly. Both came with a smalI salad and rice. I ordered a turkish cofee and we shared the rice pudding (can't remember the exact name) for dessert. The waiter advised that they had just made it and it was still hot and if we still wanted it. We did and it was still good as hot as it was. We struck up a conversation with Sal the owner and he couldn't have been nicer. I told him that I am a Yelper and he would be getting a good review from me and that we will be back with friends for sure.Best lamb in the City!!  The lamb shoulder and the Kofta are both incredible, melt in your mouth delicious.  Sal is a great owner, and takes care of his customers, I have been there 5 times this summer and will not hesitate to go back!!We have ordered from here about 7 times at the very least, and each one of them they have managed to get the order wrong. Every single time we have called to order on a different day, they always remember us and yet fail miserably once again.  And don't think they try to make it up to you, not at all.  We just paid $40 for two donner kebabs (there was one missing on the first attempt) that we could enjoy an hour and a half after our first call. We like the food but will not be going back. Terrible customer service!Review #101. This place is simply great. Went with a group of friends and one of them is Turkish and we had really high expectations and the place fulfilled them all. We walked in with a reservation and they had already set up the table for us. The decor is great and seats are pretty spacious. The service is pretty quick and the waiters are friendly and helpful. I liked that they served us water without ice, which is my thing but I always have to ask at other restaurants. 
The food is GREAT. The selection is pretty good and they have meat and vegetarian options. Everything that we ordered was great, from the appetizers to the different chicken and lamb kebabs to the desserts. Definitely try the Kunefe and the Firin Sutlac, they were amazing. The place is BYOB so they don't serve any drinks but you can always bring your own. 
Towards the end of dinner there was Belly Dancing for about 15 minutes or so and it was a lot of fun. We had the birthday boy dance with the dancer and he definitely enjoyed the night. Would go back for late night dining when we get back to South Street.I recently graduated so my family decided to go out to a Turkish restaurant to celebrate. Leziz is great! The owner (Sal) even came over a talked to us, asked us how we were doing, congratulated me, even cleaned up our table a little and gave us recommendations for dessert! I think the price of the meal was reasonable for Turkish restaurant (normal for one, anyway). I wouldn't normally eat here because it is a little bit out of my budget as a student, but hey! my parents were paying so I ate A LOT haha. They even had my favorite drink, fermented beet juice (salgam suyu)! It sounds gross but trust me that stuff is magic, and I've never been to a Turkish restaurant that actually had it ready to serve. Anyway, the waiter was attentive, the food was DELICIOUS and we had a great time. Huge portions, by the way. Even after we were done we sat for much longer and just chatted and no one acted like they wanted us to leave even though the customers started to pour in once we were finished. 
Overall, a great place to visit and the food was very authentic (speaking as a Turkish person, this is the real deal). There were even vegetarian options, which is rare for a Turkish place. Also! I almost forgot, they have hookah, but I think they only let people smoke outside? We weren't bothered by the smoke at all, and since my kid brother was with us my dad was glad the hookah was outside and not inside. 
The interior was beautiful, and the music was tasteful and also Turkish, so you will feel really immersed in the culture. Again, I am Turkish, and we Turks are sort of known to be picky about our food, so trust me, it's a big deal that the whole family really enjoyed this place. Definitely, definitely give this place a try! A hidden gem in Philly :)Lunch specials are fantastic options.
Kofta kebap was tender and well spiced. 
Tavuk Iskender has a flavorful tomato sauce. 
Ezme was amazing! Lebni outstanding! Hummus was the best I've had in a long time. 
Service was attentive, efficient and not annoying.
Restaurant  was clean and elegantly  decorated.  Music was beautiful.  My Turkish companion said the flavors were authentic and gave the food his seal of approval.not expecting it, but this was fantastic. a few friends and i were wandering around south street saturday in search of something ethnic, cheap and with outdoor seating. we walked by this place and though the people outside were a little aggressive for my taste, we did take a look at the menu and were instantly won over by the lunch special. this has to be one of the best deals in the city. $7.95 entree and appetizer special and it goes until 4pm!! so make it an early dinner! the staff was really accomodating and moved tables around for us so we could sit together. it's nice because it's close to south st., but tucked back enough that there's not a lot of traffic. i ordered the lamb meatballs and it came with 2 kinds of pilaf and some greens. my friend had the salmon kebab, which was also good, but i think mine was the best. we all ordered different "appies" and shared which i would totally do again. the hummus, babaganoush and something that started with an "hy" were delightful. i will definitely be back next time i've got a pita hankering around 3pm.Went there about a month ago and had a pretty good meal here on Saturday for lunch. We started out with the delicious karisik meze cold appetizer platter that seemed never ending. One of us had a decent doner kebap (which is essentially like gyro meat) and another had a not-very-memorable etli guvek lamb casserole which was essentially lamb cubes with vegetables from a can in a watery tomato based sauce (i.e. skip that one). However, the stars of the meal were the sis kebap (tender, melt in your mouth lamb that was piled high on the plate that we somehow finished) and the firin sutlak, an oven baked rice pudding that was just fabulous. I am not a fan of rice puddding at all but really liked it.
Our server was very good but we were the only ones in the restaurant throughout our meal except for the owner who was chatting with a friend at one of the tables by the sidewalk. What a guy (the owner), he really went out of his way to help this poor elderly lady who tripped on a curb and fell. He deserves a five star review!Really confused by the amazing reviews here. Hummus was ok however I really wish it came with pita. Falafel was unmemorable. Donor kebab was nice but our other entree (some sort of lamb wrap with hot sauce) was so overpowered by the sweet, bland sauce it was almost inedible. Service staff were pleasant enough. We were two of 5ppl in the entire restaurant! Doubt I'll ever return.I love that we can feast on kebabs late nights during the weekend. 2:30 AM kebabs are crucial for the survival of my kind... 
One of my favorite favorite aspect of S & H Kebab House's deliciousness though is that they offer quality lunch specials (M-F 12-3). 
For $8.95 you can have for yaself a tasty kebab and choice of a soup, salad, or appetizer. Dig that white bean salad, love the eggplant salad too. These are great deals, and plenty of food for a satisfying meal. 
All the vegetables are so fresh too... Everything down to the lettuce on your platter, the half of a grilled tomato and grilled jalapeno; it's all really nice. Nothing tastes like an afterthought. Nuthin murky here! 
Lamb and chicken are juicy charbroiled choices, but lately I've been experiencing feelings of deep fondness for their Turkish meatball kebabs... both Kofte (beef and lamb) and Adana (lamb w/ peppers, paprika)... I do think that Adana is my favorite. Yeah man... Many options to make you happy. 
Order extra pita for a dollar, order some of their hot sauce too. 
I definitely appreciate that I can order online and that delivery is typically speedy! This place has become a real delivery favorite. 
I commend you, Kebab House... I am a fan. You bring great kebabs to my house.Delicious food, very affordable, and the server for our fairly needy party of 7 was absolutely incredible. I was very impressed. 
Calamari appetizer was particularly good.
The entree portions were a little smaller than I'd anticipated, but we had appetizers and desserts so we were very full by the end. I had the adana kebab (chopped lamb mixed with chile and other seasonings and grilled on a skewer) and loved it. I also shared the lamb-filled dumplings with a friend They were very good--lots of maybe half inch diameter dumplings in a tangy sauce. I'd highly recommend them, although they don't come with any sides or vegetables. 
However, my girlfriend's red snapper seemed pretty overpriced at $25 for one fish with some garnish, and no rice. 
all of the desserts we got (creme caramel, milk pudding, rice pudding, baklava) were delicious. My girlfriend claimed it was the best baklava she'd had. 
overall, great food, great service, and pretty good value, but some of the meals didn't seem complete to me.THE BEST BAKLAVA in the city... I am also completely obsessed with the samsun kebab I think thats how you spell it!! IT is amazingggg and addicting lol next door they have hookah and the service was all so amazing! the Bartender Sat night is hot and very friendly. All the servers are very sweet and kind, the owner also walks around making sure everyone is happy and loves what they ordered!! MUSTTT GO HERE its awesome!! PLUS on sat night they are opened till 5 am or something like that great after hour spotMy wife and I went there with another couple for a weekend dinner after reading all the 4/5 star reviews. We ordered lamb and chicken kebobs, hummus, and grape leaves, Not only is the food excellent, but the portions are plenty enough.  Service was superb. ( if im not mistaking, server's name was Nataly) She was patient,friendly, and very polite. After she took our order, came around so many times for beverages.. At the end, she convinced us for desert, I got their traditional desert, dont remember the name but it was so delicious. All I can tell is we were all pleased with food and service. we will definitely go back and bring other friends next time.Been here many times. Great food. Great service. Both my teenage kids love it. Good for vegetarians.I have dined at Leziz Turkish Cuisine on E. Passyunk Ave. several times, and I can say it is one of the finest restaurants in the city. I am a pretty big foodie, and dine out at least once a week. I tend to be pretty picky about restaurants, but Leziz surpasses my expectations. The venue is attractive and comfortable, with a comfortable, cozy, and intimate ambience. The decor and seating are attractive and inviting.
 I had the thick yogurt with walnuts appetizer, which was the perfect dip for the fresh and homemade pita. I also ordered the Adan Lamb Kebab, which was savory, juicy and delectable.Loved the lamb, sauce and rice, which were cooked just right. Myf friends sampled the baba ghanush, eggplant, felafel and hummus appetizers, which they let me taste also. We thought they were super yummy and very favorably compared with many other Middle Eastern  and Mediterranean restaurants' fare.we had tried. For their entrees, my friends ordered the manti, which were very delicious dumplings with beef and yogurt sauce, kind of like Turkish ravioli. Also the beef kebab, which they told me was very juicy and sumptuous, with similar rice which I had with my lamb kebab. The vegetarian among us chose the vegetarian casserole with okra and assorted veggies, which we heard was simmered for hours. She declared this as scrumptious, and she is the toughest food critic among us.
For dessert, we tried the homemade baklava, which blew us away. I find baklava at many Middle Eastern restaurants much too gooey sweet, but this one was just right, and served in a generous portion. We also sampled some kind of pastry with custard inside, my favorite; very light and dellish, as well as a kind of Turkish rice pudding. These sweets were the perfect finish to a memorable meal.
Sal, the owner, is a super cordial and gracious host. He is so warm and friendly that he makes you feel like family from the first visit, and will give you royal treatment each time you return. The service was attentive, helpful and accommodating.
This was a weekday visit so we made our own entertainment, but I have visited during the weekends, and there is a fun Turkish band and sometimes a bellydancer. It is very lively then, and we all got up to dance Middle Eastern style. It was a blast!
It was a chilly night, so it was indoor seating for us, but  this place has the coolest outdoor seating in the warm weather, situated just off South Street, the perfect spot for people watching in the hub. What's cool is you can while away the evening hours smoking flavored hookahs and dancing up a storm. I plan to have my summer birthday celebration here, as I can't think of a more fun outdoor spot to gather the peeps and practice our bellydancing while trying all sorts of delish Turkish dishes.Sal, the owner, is great. The food, especially the lamb, is amazing, and the atmosphere could not get better. Bring your family, your lover, the person you hate the most: they will all wind up all loving you and thanking you forevermore.I was looking for somewhere (discounted) to eat & found this quaint lil spot on Level Up ($8 off on 1st visit!). When I got close I realized that I had heard of it b4. I nearly came in on their Grand Opening 3 yrs ago, but there was no availability! 
Needless to say I'm glad I read the Yelp reviews. I had an excellent Turkish dinner (my 1st Turkish meal might I add.) I went w/the Tandir Kebap. OMG! SUCCULENT! However, I should have asked ?s (my waitress asked if I had any). While it was delish mind you, I could have standed for it to be spicier. My fault though. 
What do I look for in a gr8 restaurant? Tasty food, nice portions, good prices, friendly & attentive staff and CLEANLINESS (the ladies room was spotless & smelled great)! S & H has letter d... ALL OF THE ABOVE!Leziz stood up to its reputation as "The" place to have a great Turkish Meal in the heart of South Philadelphia. I arrived as they just opened up for lunch on a Monday, and we were the only ones there (for now). No worries, because I wanted to have the full experience of tasting Turkish delicacies without the disturbance of a busy dining room, and smoke coming out of their Hookah Lounge which may interfere with me trying to smell the wonderful flavors coming from their dishes. We were greeted immediately with the only server available, and seated at the place we chose. I asked for him to recommend dishes for me to try since I never had Turkish Cuisine. He obliged and proceeded to fully inform me on the dishes he had chosen for us. Our meal arrived in a timely manner and the smell coming from them were wonderful. The fresh bread that accompanied the Babagannush was warm and tasty. The eggplant was a nice change to the hummus I have always been accustomed to. I cleaned off my plate of Adan Kebap and my companion did the same with her Tavuk Sis. Our meal was just delicious! I was on Turkish heaven, we opted to try their desserts of Kazandibi and  Firin Sutlac. And we attacked them both with gusto. The best feeling of all was that all these meal we ate only cost us $32.00. Thank you Leziz for introducing me to your wonderful Turkish cuisine. I will definitely return back with my posse of friends.........I was completely disappointed; especially after reading the love fest displayed here. Shared appetizers were the crispy calamari and Turkish cheese rolls. The calamari was limp, bland, and overly breaded. It's saving grace was the almond dipping sauce (the only reason we even decided to get calamari in a Turkish restaurant; don't be tempted). Turkish rolls were divine in comparison to the calamari, but I wouldn't recommend them. The tandoor lamb kebab entree came highly recommended by our waiter, but ended up being a pile of fatty, shredded meat (I was expecting a kebab, or at least chunks of meat as would be cooked on a kebab). The other entree my dining mate and I shared was the lamb shishkebab entree. This was by far a better choice, but certainly not memorable. 
Though the reception we received from the seating host was very warm, our waiter was distant and awkward. He was unreliable filling our waters and seemed hesitant to clear our plates when we were finished. The only thing that caused a smile on my face at this establishment was the unrefined synthesizer/accordian music that was played by an older gentleman in the corner. His joy was charming, even though it certainly wasn't the music I'd ever choose to hear again while dining.
For $75 (2 apps, 2 entrees, 1 dessert and 2 Turkish coffees), I left wishing I'd made a different choice in dining location. I will not be going back.Most people think of Middle Eastern food as vegetable dips like hummus and babagannush as well as shish kabobs of various meats, but there is one item on every menu that epitomizes what a satisfying, home-cooked meal is all about: the lamb shank. Oven roasted for over four hours, Istanbul Lounge's version comes with its vegetables neatly wrapped around it. The tender, succulent pieces of stewed eggplant and tomato pair exquisitely with the melt-in-your-mouth tenderness of the lamb. The sauce that this heavenly leg is cooked in is just sublime. Even the rice pilav deserves mention. A layer of rice mixed with bulgar and tomato sits on top of a traditional layer of chicken stock rice. Turkish rice meets Greek rice. An excellent combination! My friend Chris and I shared an appetizer platter of hummus, babagannush, and stuffed grape leaves. I loved the two vegetable dips. The grape leaves were a bit strong in flavor. The bread was fantastic. Chris had the kofte, five handmade sausage patties of spiced beef and lamb. The texture of the sausage was fantastic. "It's melt-in-your-mouth good," Chris commented. Indeed. The portions at Istanbul Lounge are on the smaller side like Estia. They don't try to stuff you here. Instead, they present the food with an air of refinement in a nice atmosphere. The restaurant looks polished and spacious. The servers and host are all very nice. Perhaps my only gripe is the tables are a little weird. A six-person table has a platform in the middle that hinders the middle two people from sitting comfortably. The tables are beautiful, but the table design doesn't quite work as intended. I also had a little trouble knowing that the place was Istanbul Lounge since the signs were very understated. These minor quibbles aside, the food itself is the reason to come here and I anxiously await my next visit.Went there for a big girls group dinner.  The apps, entrees and desserts were great and the service was outstanding! 
My feelings are sometimes mixed about Turkish cuisine, but I would definitely go back.This is one of our favorite restaurants to go to! Every time we have eaten here the service has been outstanding, the food is always fresh and delicious, and it has a great atmosphere. I spotted this place by accident one evening when we were trying to figure out where to go for dinner, and we have been hooked ever since. The first time we came here, we didn't realize it was byob, and the owner of the restaurant offered to have someone go get a bottle of wine for us- now that is service. 
Their kabaps are fantastic (personally Selcuk's is my favorite), their appetizers are all very good (hummus especially), and their baklava is the best I have ever had. 
You can also sit outside, which is great now that the weather is nice, and enjoy a well-packed hookah after your meal. 
I can't say enough about their service (at least all the times we have eaten here- which is maybe 7 or 8 by now) and we have enjoyed every meal we've tried.
I highly recommend this place for anyone looking for a nice evening out.Absolutely, love this place.  Some of guys have a hard time with the English, but overall I can't seem to go anywhere else.  They're extremely accommodating, and the food & hookah are awesome.  Definitely recommend it!!What an amazing place!!! The service was just amazing and our waiter went above and beyond to give us the best service possible. The food on the tasting menu was ridiculous (in the most awesome way), and we had enough food for another 2 meals! Haahahah! By the time the second course came out, we were already pretty full!! We will definitely be back!!!Mmmmm~ delicious.
I live only several blocks away and I can't believe i waited this long to try this place. The place might look kinda small from the outside, but once you enter you see a very spacious and nicely decorated restaurant.
This place is BYO so we had nice red wines to go with our meat dishes. 
I had one of the kebab dishes - i forgot what it was called but it was pulled or sliced lamb with rice.. Very good. Meat was tender and overwhelmingly flavorful. =)
I tried pieces of my friends' dishes and they were all good. Good portions too. 
A Must-Try place on South Street!When I called to place my order I was told it would be delivered in 45 minutes to 1 hour. The food did not arrive in the time promised. I ordered the chicken soup and the soup was incredibly salty. I also got the vegetable casserole, it really had no flavor what so ever. My husband ordered the lamb shish kebabs, he asked for the meat to be cooked medium, but when it arrived the meat was dry and bland. We will definitely not be ordering from here again. I am really surprised at how tasteless the food was considering the yelp rating.Excellent. So glad it's here. We needed this off of south street. Fantastic friendly service and outstanding food.Three things I love about mediterranean food - heavily marinated meats, toasty warm pita bread, and complex dipping sauces. S&H delivers the goods on all three, plus... they deliver!
Get the combo kebab platter and you won't be disappointed. Unfortunately the same can't be said for the falafel, but thanks to my warning you won't have to find out for yourself. The red pepper dip and babaghanouj are also worth a try. One of those plus the combo platter is more than enough to feed two.I have been here twice and love it both times.  By far the best Turkish food in the city.  I don't know how they do it but their kebabs are always tender, never dried.  The hummus was great and their flat breads are hot and kept on coming.  A huge plus is the late hours if you ever party on South St.  Next time I have to come and try out their hookas.It's no secret that the S&H Kebab House, on P'Unk just off South St., has opened to rave reviews for the grilled skewers & all around well-done Turkish food.
It was a gorgeous summer day when we decided to have lunch at S&H...the part of P'Unk isn't heavily traveled, so you can actually enjoy your meal w/o the car exhaust.
Plus, for $8 you get plenty of satisfying food...both a platter and an accompanying salad or appetizer.
We started with the Tabbouleh salad & the Haydari, a dip made with yogurt, garlic, dill and walnut pieces. The Tabbouleh was well seasoned and full of veggies...diced red pepper, scallions, tomato & parsley. The Haydari, slathered over warmed pita slices, was addictive...the yogurt+dill is a familiar flavor, but the walnut pieces gave the spread a pleasing bite.
The main attraction for us was the news that the lamb kebabs were char-grilled...here's a close-up of the Sis Kebap, marinated lamb cubes. Each platter came with grilled pepppers & tomato, two kinds of rice( a spiced short-grain rice and a buttery medium grain) and a slaw of cabbage & carrot.
The lamb Doner combines hearty char-grilled lamb flavor in delicately sliced portions. The balance of marinated meat flavors and accompanying veg made for a great summer lunch.
Although the desserts looked just as summer-ready, we were stuffed.
As we lunched, passers-by commented to one another about S&H, either pointing out that they had eaten there or needed to drop in soon.I cannot attest to whether it is an authentic Turkish taste, but I have eaten a flock of lamb or two, and this place has exemplary lamb. Yes, Yes...I would like you to mix premium beef with your top-notch lamb to make the most outstanding meatball in existence....how did you know?
Quite honestly any place that properly braises meat and stuffs cabbage is golden in my book.
Now, in my obsession with soups, and finding a place that lives up to my needs, I was slightly disappointed. Lets be clear, the red lentil soup was superb, but missing something. Spice for one....but I can't put my finger on the what else. Either way, try it, it is good.Last night was my first experience at Leziz. My three friends and I came here for our birthday night out very excited as the owner had warmly invited us in and had us seated in the hookah lounge, which was very cozy and had a fantastic ambiance. 
Anyway, it took at least 15 minutes to get menus, which we were fine with since it seemed busy and we were enjoying ourselves anyway. Thirty minutes pass, we finally get water and place our order for calamari. Another 15 minutes later, the waiter, who scoffed at us when we placed our order, mind you, comes back and tells us they are somehow out of calamari. No problem, we order a pide instead. God only knows how long we waited for that, but it was delicious nonetheless. We finished it in about 20 minutes, though, and were ready to just get out of there. Now, the quest for the check begins. 
We had to ask two waiters to please get our check, which took another half hour to arrive. We literally yelled for this guy, and he looked RIGHT at us, and kept walking. I have never had such a horrendous waiter before in my life. At this point, I called over the owner, and told him what a horrible experience we were having and that I should not have to pay 17 dollars for this appetizer that took us 20 minutes to eat and an eternity to order and pay for. However, our lovely waiter came back with my card, charged and all; the pen didn't even work and I had had it.
The food was great, the ambiance was beautiful, and the dancers were a lot of fun, but your wait staff is right up there with your food. It is perhaps more important--many times at other restaurants, when food took too long, it has been FREE for wasting our time and inconveniencing the CUSTOMER who is giving you MONEY. Needless to say, no tip for our horrible waiter and I will never return. I'd love to give it another shot, but I'd rather not waste two hours of my life to eat an appetizer ever again.They've move a couple of blocks from their former location but the food is still amazing.  Had the Adana kebap for dinner.  Wonderful!   As always. They are in the process of applying for a liquor license -- because Turkish food requires raki.  :).What can I say about this place?  It was a wonderful experience!  
I was just walking around the South Street area, not really dressed for dining out and stumbled upon S&H Kebab House.  Sal the owner proceeded to introduce himself and tell me about the menu.  You can tell he was someone who loved what he do (owning a restaurant) and meeting new people who loved his food.  I was heading to a greek restaurant on south street, but his infectious and charming manner was enough for me to go to my car 4 blocks away and walk back to have a meal in his restaurant.  As I was looking at the menu, I noticed platters on other diners table and wanted what they had just by looking at the food.  I settled for the combination (cold) appetizer which is big enough to feed 2-3 people and got it anyway so that I can take it home and nibble on it for lunch and dinner.  I also ordered the pan fried veal livers (hot appetizer).  There are no words to describe this dish!  Tender, flavorful are some of the words that I would use to describe this dish.  The staff was wonderful, the guys would come up and talk of their favorite dishes on the menu.  Sal in between welcoming other guests would stop by my table to talk about the menu and NYC.  Only complaint that was my server forgot me sometimes, but the other servers picked up the slack.  I enjoyed myself and would visit it again when my friends come to visit in April!  Thanks again Sal to you and your staff for the wonderful dining experience!I've been going to Leziz since 2010, back when it was called S&H. Before yesterday, it was one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. But today, I'm not sure if I can go back there.
Yesterday was the first day I placed a delivery order with Leziz. Given that I have experienced good service at the actual restaurant for four years, I had no reason to think that delivery would be sub-par. But life is full of surprises.
We placed our order online around 6:15pm; the order confirmation notified me that the food would arrive around 7:45pm. This was the first shock...an hour-and-a-half? It didn't sound right to me because the food would always come out quickly when I dined at the restaurant. But I thought, "It's okay...they probably take care of numerous deliveries at one time."
The order came around 7:30pm. Open bag, and it's the WRONG order! Not just a little wrong, but not one thing that was sent to us was correct. Imagine ordering hummus and pita as an appetizer and getting grape leaves and cucumbers instead.
I called the restaurant and notified a staff member of the mistake. He explained that two orders were sent out for delivery and that they got mixed up. But when I ask about how quickly I can get the RIGHT order sent to us, he tells me to call back in five minutes to find out. What was this about? I'm calling you about a mistake that you made and you tell me to call back in five minutes to find out how and when it's going to be corrected? No, when a mistake like this is made, you have to tell me what you can do about it right then and there...not in five minutes.
A few minutes pass by and I then speak to another staff member who apologizes for the mix-up and assures me that the correct order will arrive in 30 minutes. This is at 7:45pm. We wait and the correct order comes at 8:07pm, less than 30 minutes. But still, we had to wait nearly TWO hours for a simple order. No compensation was offered, no partial refund, nothing besides an apology. 
On top of this, we didn't get the pita that we ordered with the hummus appetizer. We got these thick pieces of bread that definitely do not classify as pita. And it wasn't the pita they served when I dined at the place. Had this order arrived on time, I probably wouldn't complain...but no pita after nearly two hours of waiting?
I debated between a 2-star rating and a 3-star rating. I'm going to go with 3 stars because the food is still delicious and if anyone asked for a recommendation for Turkish food in Philly, I'd probably still recommend Leziz. But two hours for a delivery? With no offer of at least a partial refund? Come on...The staff were great there, it was very family oriented. The owners are wonderful people. We had the chicken shish kabob over rice, it was very delicious (well seasoned, not over seasoned, fresh). I recommend giving it a try!i didnt even know i liked turkish food until my girlfriend got a groupon to here and made me go. since then, we've been back SIX times.. this is in like 4 months of knowing this place even exists. 
the food is sooo good. every time we get a shepard salad w/feta cheese and a humus plate as an appetizer. then the entree's are fantastic too, we usually get the samson kebab and the doner kabab. i can't recommend this place enough. a GREAT date spot. go. even if you think you dont like turkish food- you will be surprised.Wonderful place! I took my Turkish mother here when she was visiting the East Coast! We got prompt and attentive service in addition to authentic, delicious Turkish food. Needless to say this place is worth visiting if you are craving middle eastern kebab. They even have a wonderful vegetarian selection! I recommend the imam bayildi-- an eggplant dish! Yum!Let me preface this review by saying that I am not well versed in Turkish cuisine. I eat a lot of Lebanese and Syrian food, and idiotically, I expected Turkish food to be exactly the same. I was pleasantly surprised, though, as the offerings were different from my typical fare. Because I have no basis of comparison, I gave Leziz four stars, however, with better education (and probably a much bigger waistline), I will revisit Yelp when I do my due diligence and rate again.
We started our meal with a Coban salad. It was full of onion, tomato, and peppers, a refreshing start to a great meal. It was served with warm pita pieces, which added a nice touch. 
I dined with my best friend; his cousin is Turkish, so he was able to help me decide what to order. I chose the Iskender Kebab, sliced lamb with tomato paste and yogurt. It was absolutely delicious. The lamb was tender, juicy, and cooked to perfection. I almost licked the plate clean. I liked it even more when I went on the website and realized that all lamb served at this establishment is organic. I am always more apt to support restaurants that make a point to source more natural meat. Overall, the Iskender Kebab was a great introduction to Turkish food, and I can't wait to try more.
For dessert, the manager was nice enough to bring us a dessert tasting platter. It included baklava, kazandibi, and firin sutlac. Amazing. My boyfriend is Lebanese, so I eat baklava regularly; the baklava here was less sweet than that of which I'm familiar, and I enjoyed it much more than usual. The kazandibi and the firin sutlac were fantastic. They were light enough to serve as the perfect finish to a filling meal, and neither were overly sweet. It was the ideal ending to a wonderful meal.
Notably, the service at Leziz was amazing. We were greeted the moment we walked through the door, and immediately seated. The waiter was doting and incredibly helpful. He asked us if we needed any clarification about anything on the menu, and was quick to answer our questions. He was not at all imposing; he waited until our conversation lulled to approach the table. Great service is incredibly important to me, and here, they have it down to a science.
Leziz is a really cozy spot, and I'd definitely recommend it to even those who aren't too familiar with Turkish fare.This place is a godsend.  After working in this area for over ten years, I was thrilled to see a place this good open up.  The Turlu is amazing and always made fresh.  Their lunch wrap specials are a great value for the amount of food you get (7.95 for a good sized sandwich and soup).   
The Lamb and Okra stew has been the best thing I've tried from them so far.  Fresh okra that still snaps in your mouth, tender, well seasoned lamb chunks, and a slightly spicy tangy tomato sauce that makes your mouth water.For what they served, it was a little too pricey for my taste. I loved the Mediterranean feel to it. The food was excellent, don't get me wrong, but it was over priced.Atmosphere reminded me of when my boyfriend and I stayed in the European side of Istanbul earlier this year. During this visit to South St. we were itching for some late night food, so we shared the lentil soup and the mixed grill meat plate. Food was very flavorful and delish, but no matter how hard one tries, authenticity can't be duplicated and we left feeling even more inspired to return to Turkey one day.The food here is delicious, but the service is so-so. We went last Saturday night, they were slammed, and it took more than an hour to get our food. We watched as tables that came after us got their dinners. About 45 minutes in they said, sorry, the grill is busy, it will be a while before we can cook your fish. They should have thought of that before they recommended the mackerel, but whatever, I changed my order. And then it still took at least another half hour, and a stern message to a waitress, to get our food. Along the way we got a visit from that one weird oily waiter with the tie who overapologized, and we also got extra appetizers and dessert we didn't want, along with unwanted food explication, from the owner. It's like, yes, we know what hummus is - we just ate a plate of it. Now bring us the damn kebabs. Finally the food came and we had to wolf it down because we were late to our next destination. Also, a previous time I went there the waiter made various mistakes calculating the bill. Again, very delicious food, but there's always a weird problem with the service.When my Mediterranean heritage decides that it needs sustenance, it won't let me eat anything else. We had heard many good things about Leziz, but hadn't ever tried them until a Sunday afternoon conversation on what to do about dinner made my stomach grumble for simple, delicious, healthy cuisine. We opted to order in that night, and delivery was super quick - actually, it was too fast, I had specified a specific time for our food to be delivered since I had to teach a yoga class, and they arrived at our apartment as I started the class! Thankfully my husband was there, but it was kind of annoying to have that happen.
But even reheated, the food was delicious! We got two samplers so that we could try as much as we liked, and damn do you get a lot of food. The cold appetizer sampler had several dips and stuffed grape leaves, my favorite being the eggplant dip (oh, and those grape leaves are DELICIOUS, some of the best we've had in Philly). The grilled kebab combination was huge, and had doner kebab, adana kebab, chicken adana kebab, lamb shish kebab, chicken shish kebab, and meatball kebab over a rice pilaf. The kebabs were flavorful and still moist and tender, and we chowed down gleefully on our Turkish feast. This all came with three large pieces of their flatbread, and we had so much food leftover that we had it for lunch the next day! Leziz is definitely a place that we will turn to again when my next craving strikes.I have had my fair share of Turkish and middle eastern food, and this place fared below average on my scale.  Though the service was great, the food lacked seasoning.  
I tried a piece of each kebab on the menu and found them all to be "whatever".
The hummus was awful, and the baba ghanoush was just okay.
The dish I enjoyed the most was the house salad.  
If you really want out of the world kebab-you go to Sansom Kebab.We got take-out from here last night and it was delicious! My friend who ordered is Turkish, and my fiance and I just got back from a trip to Turkey, so we are decent judges of Turkish food! It was very tasty and flavorful. I would definitely go back!What a great experience!  S&H far exceeded our expectations.  The food was wonderful and the staff was friendly and helpful.  We ordered two appetizers-  the soslu patlican (eggplant sauce) and the Turkish acili ezme (spicy vegetarian salad), two entrees - the sebzell guvec (vegetable casserole) and the doner kebap (lamb kebab), two desserts  - baklava and another house specialty they make to order, and two turkish coffees.  All of the dishes were excellent and well priced ($55 for everything).  The restaurant is very vegetarian friendly but has plenty of options for those looking for meat.  We are anxious to return in warmer weather to sit at the tables out front.  (Oh, and it's BYOB...another plus.)LOVE this place. Large portions, consistently delicious food. I order from here as much as I can.This is our new favorite restaurant in Philadelphia! From start to finish, everything was great. The staff took great care of us, and the food was outstanding, and we've even been to Turkey!  We had the most delicious mezze of hummus, baba ghanouj, and spicy tomato dip the fresh-baked Turkish pita, and dinner of chicken doner (gyro), two kinds of rice, and vegetables.  Water glasses were never empty, and the waiters and owner were extremely gracious. All of the good reviews on yelp are true! You must visit this place!Our server was very helpful, and he suggested a dessert that my fiance and I would not have normally ordered- Kunefe- and it was fabulous! I highly recommend it! 
As always the kebabs were wonderful as well as the Shepard Salad and Acili Ezme. This place never disappoints.Good kebab joints are popping up everywhere, and this is definitely one of them.
Aside from the very quaint presentation of the dishes, the food is out of this world.
I had the chicken kebab, which was- dare I say- perfectly seasoned and grilled. Juicy, tasty and just downright dynamite.
My date had the lamb kebab. I wasn't allowed to try any, but I'm guessing that means it was equally as good as the chicken.
The plates were, as I said, quaint, but they weren't light. You get a lot of food here, and it's good homemade style, well-seasoned food.
A couple of teas after lunch, and we were good to go.
If you haven't gone here yet, go.I live in the neighborhood and when I saw "Istanbul Lounge" open up I decided to go practically out of pity - because every time I walk by there it's empty.
I later find out this is actually Leziz's new location and new name. And the food was, of course, delicious. 
Service was fast and courteous, the owner stopped by to check in with us after we were served. But let's be real, the food is what makes the place amazing.
The way in which they use spices is both mesmerizing and addicting. These people know how to season food. Truly authentic culinary flavors, some subtle and some bold, and just really well balanced. I had the moussaka, definitely recommended. 
I preferred their old location, but the new place is alright too.I don't know why it took us so long to go to Leziz/S&H, since my boyfriend loves kofta and we live just a few blocks from the restaurant, but I guess I always forgot it was there until they started to put out that big sign that says "VEGAN" on it. That caught my attention, and we finally went there for dinner last weekend. We got there at around 9:30pm-- we wanted to eat outside, and by that point the temperature had descended to a brisk 91 or so.  
We were given a very pleasant table on the sidewalk. The whole street was blocked off-- there were a bunch of cops parked there because of something to do with the firework display that evening-- so the atmosphere was particularly tranquil, and mercifully free of car exhaust. The waiters were going in and out of the restaurant or standing in the doorway and chatting with customers, cops, and each other in a very friendly, casual way that I liked a lot. We didn't get any of the smarmy "Hello, I'm so-and-so and I'll be your server this evening" crap-- just frank, straightforward friendliness and helpfulness that made us feel like regulars. 
The food was so, so, so good.  When I asked our waitress what dishes on the menu were vegan, I was surprised and pleased to find that she knew exactly what I meant and that I had a whole lot of options.  Both of those are pretty rare in my experience. 
We started with the baba ganoush, which tasted so fresh and creamy that I ate it with a spoon after I ran out of bread to dip into it.  For dinner, my boyfriend had his kofta, and it exceeded his expectations in both quality and quantity.  I had the vegetable kabob; I didn't really know what to expect, but it was hearty and delicious. Being a clumsy eater, I'd been a little apprehensive about the logistics of eating kabobs, so I was relieved to find that the vegetables were no longer on a stick.  This may be obvious to most people, but I'm a noob when it comes to kabobs.  The vegetables were perfectly roasted--very tender, with just the slightest bit of crunch in the peppers-- and the seasoning on both the veggies and the rice was so, so good.  I also had way too much food-- we both had enough leftovers for lunch the next day.  
All in all, great place. We heard a guy who seemed to be the owner mention that they're going to have a liquor license beginning on August 1, so get your BYO on before that.I don't usually write so many expletives, but today I must.  OMG this place is spectacular.  My husband and I ate there with a large group of friends and everyone was thrilled.  The pita was so wonderfully fresh I broke my rule to limit carbs and ate a whole plate.  I really enjoyed the vegetarian platter, in fact, every last bite of it, although I was supposed to share it with my husband.  My husband had the shepherd salad, and I ate a lot of that too.  This was one meal when I was actually too full for dessert - a remarkable occasion.  
The group really enjoyed the belly dancing. The dancer was gorgeous and entertaining.  Sal the owner is accommodating, friendly and engaged in the customers.  
This would be a very fun place to take a group of friends because it is entertainment and food wrapped up in one wonderful package.   We will be back!Me & a friend decided to eat at the Kabob house last Saturday night and it was nothing to complain about....just nothing to write home to mom about either. I had the shrimp kabob dish and although you dont actually eat the stick, I would of liked to at least experience the stick and the design used to create the Kabob, but whatever. It was seasoned well and came with rice. 
South Street was popping that night so it was nice to sit outside, eat and be in the loop. I dont know, maybe I will eat there again...like said, nothing to make a special trip for.
oh yeah, shoutout to the chic who worked there. She turned to music to something good just as I was about to notice how lame it originally was.Came in on Saturday night with some friends for dinner.
Everything I tried from the feta roll up appetizer to the caramel based pudding with a side of turkish coffee was delicious.
The service was awesome.
One of the best things was the price, it came out to less than $21 per person for a super filling multi-course meal.
Really relaxed dinner experience.
Come here, bring wine. I will definitely be back sooner than later!This place was a delight. We bought a groupon for the place. The liver appetizer is fantastic, so are the soups and all other fares. The server, and the owner were wonderful, welcoming and polite. 
If you are in the south street neighborhood, this is a great choice.Very good food, though not the upscale place the owner wants it to be. The hookah lounge in the back is super cute.We went to S&H Kebab House for the first time last week, and we loved it so much that we went back 2 nights later! This place is the BEST Turkish food in a restaurant I've ever had, and I've had plenty over the years. One visit, we had our meal indoors, and the other, we had it outdoors. The outdoor meal was especially enjoyable, given the beautiful weather and a meal that was perfect in every way. On both occasions, we were treated so warmly, it was as if we were in someone's home. And the food! Both meals, we ordered the sigara boregi (feta cheese wrapped in fried fillo dough), which were crisp, fresh, hot and perfect. Mucver (the fried zucchini pancakes) were a new item for us, and good! Moussaka and Adana Kebab were absolutely out of this world, and still haunt my husband and I in our sleep. Baklava was wow wow WOW.
To top it all off, the owners and staff are great people and super nice - extremely hard working and dedicated to pleasing their customers. I've rarely seen this much dedication in a restaurant before (if ever). Their kindness truly made an impression on us and was a wonderful surprise that made our visit even more memorable.
I have already highly recommended S&H Kebab house to esteemed friends and colleagues. Can't wait to go back again...and I will, soon!Decided I was in the mood for some kebab delights and hit up my magic 8 ball (aka Yelp). Based on the rave reviews, I decided to try it out for today's lunch. I live less than a mile away and I never even knew this place existed. 
When we arrived, my friend and I were greeted by the nicest hostess. She gave us the option of sitting indoors or out, and since the farmer's market was going on next to the outdoor tables, we opted for the outdoor seating. While we waited for our waiter (which took no time at all), the sweet scent of strawberries wafted in my direction. It piqued my appetite for sure. 
The real astonishment came when I looked at the menu and saw little starburts filled with the numbers "7.95." Wait, seriously? All this food for $7.95? Yes! It's part of their lunch special. I ordered the Chicken Adana Kebab with the hummus plate as my app, and my friend went with the Lamb Adana Kebab, babagannush as her app. When the apps arrived, she and I housed them in seconds flat. The kebabs were just as amazing. 
This is my new favorite lunch spot. Skip the South Street hype and head to this side street treasure. Oh and if you lunch there on a Tuesday, you'll get to check out the farmer's market too. Joy!I have to say, I was not expecting much when I walked in.  I have never had Turkish food before, and the decor of the place was very standard.  Maybe I am a snob, but a nicely decorated place usually, but not always, signifies how good the food is going to be.  Also, the air conditioning was broken, which lowered my expectations even further.  However, I was more than shocked with the quality and tastiness of the food and the attentiveness of the staff.  I am definitely coming back here soon. 
For starters, you got the hummus and the babaganoosh.  Both were delicious, and came in large portions.  My recommendation would be to order only one if you are a party of two like we were.  Also, the pita that these two dishes were served with are fantastic.  They came out to our table warm, not over cooked, and when we finished the basket, the waiter was more than willing to bring more.  A word of caution- do not fill up on the pita and the babaganoosh no matter how delicious, because the kebabs here are to die for.
We ordered two kebabs, which was more than enough food.  The sis kebab was delicious.  It was very tender, and the hot peppers that came with it added a nice spice.  I would recommend for those other spicy food lovers out there, to order a side of the house hot sauce.  It complimented this dish very well and added, rather than over took, the lamb.   The second kebab we ordered was the chef recommended slow cooked lamb.  This dish just melted in your mouth and was cooked to perfection.
For desert we indulged in baklava.  The top layer was crispy and light, while the bottom layer was soaked in carmel(ish) goodness.
I would definitely bring a bottle (or two) of wine and just sit and enjoy.  The wait staff was also great, letting us sit and enjoy our food before bringing the next course.  I am definitely coming back!Incredibly annoyed and I haven't even eaten the food yet. 
Let me explain: I ordered from here via www.delivery.com about a week ago. After over an hour, my food STILL hadn't arrived, so I called. The guy I spoke to told me my order had come in blank, and they hadn't been able to reach me because there was no phone number included. Okay, that makes no sense, but whatever - I'll let it slide. I canceled the order and ate terrible Chinese food instead.
Fast forward to tonight: I had a gift card from delivery.com from my previously horrid experience, so I used it to give this place another try. About 30 minutes after I ordered, I called to confirm with the restaurant that they had, indeed, received a COMPLETE order via delivery.com. 
It's now almost 2 hours after I ordered my food, and still no sign of my goddam falafel. I don't care if this place fries Jesus's homegrown garbanzo beans and douses them in sparkly unicorn sauce - I won't be ordering again. 
I would rant further about the poor service, but I actually might consume my own computer mouse at this point. BITCH. IS. HUNGRY.
Afterward: Food arrived, plus tons of FREE stuff. Can now review without jabbing my own eye out via spork. Post food order, received a call from the owner, who was very nice, offering to make it up for me if I called and ordered again. [Wonder if he saw this scathing review?] Regardless, food is solid, so I'll up the stars to three. But realistically - I won't order delivery again from here.We sat in the hookah lounge. My friends wanted hookah, but I really wanted food. We thought it was a little pricey, but we found a livingsocial deal. The livingsocial deal was 17 dollars for hookah and buffalo wings for two. The buffalo wings were surprisingly delicious. I never ended up ordering a real meal, but I did buy the 15 dollars for 30 dollars worth of food on living social. My complaint is that the service was very slow. Also when we asked for water he (the owner) brought bottles of water. Apparently there are six different locations.GO HERE!  My roomate and I went for lunch- I got a two course lunch special for 8 or 9$ from a wide variety to choose from.  I got the red lentil soup, which was great, especially once I squeezed the accompanying lemon into it.  I did not add salt or pepper.  I also got these Turkish dumplings, which were served in this white tangy cream sauce.  I think it usually also has red sauce on top but I said I do not like mint in my food so they held back with the red sauce.
The service was fabulous, the location is great, the outdoor seating is awesome and one of the cheaper places to sit outside.  I believe it is bring your own beer and there are belly dancers at night on the weekend, which we plan on going to.  I will probably go here once a week or week and a half, whether for sit-down or takeout, as both the food and prices are excellentThis is one of my favorite restaurants in the city! Usually I just get small appetizers like the babaghanouj, falafel, or panfried zucchini, but the other night I tried a kebab dish and it was amazing! I got "turkish meatball" kebab with lamb meat that came over rice, and it was awesome. I also tried some of my friend's dish, which was another kind of lamb, and it was amazing. 
And their baclava is delicious. I have dreams about it.
The owners are also extremely friendly and the waitresses are always very helpful and nice.
I wouldn't call it a cheap place, but the prices are reasonable and the portions are generous. Eating in is always nice. It's a little small but it's cozy and has a very appealing decor. They also deliver and they're pretty quick.