Went with a large group so we were able to sample a large portion of the menu. Every dish was tasty and some were definite standouts you should try - ricotta & eggplant toast starter, ricotta dumplings, secret chicken, pastrami sliders and s'mores. Ready to go back and try the remainder of the menu!Such a good find! They had an array of beer/cocktail choices and the food was DELISH! Our table saw the fried chicken skins (OMG!), fried oysters, secret chicken, lamb meatballs, and ribeye and we all had rave reviews! A tad on the pricey side, but definitely nice
For a night outWow! Great addition to Philadelphia's culinary scene. Had a negroni, charred eggplant small plate, and blueberry pie. Tastes were spot on and pie with cinnamon gelato let fruit flavors (not sugar) come forward. Bonus was coconut macaroons and other cookies as I left. I will return.Go. Great food, cool location, great staff. Secret chicken won't be a secret for long. Soup divine.Omg. What a fabulous place. From the baby artichokes to the lobster Ravioli to the Coconut panna cota.  I'm in love. A must tryAte here with friends over the July 4th holiday. We ordered a lot off of the menu and there were few things that I didn't love. Standouts were: Secret Chicken; Fresh Ricotta Dumplings; Grilled Peach & Radicchio Salad; Cardamom Waffles with Pistachio Gelato. I definitely recommend Libertine for delicious drinks with friends or a more intimate dinner date.Absolutely excellent. Wonderful service and amazing food. The chef is an artist with very innovative flavors. Had the falafel cakes, the artichokes, a spinach fettuccine pasta special that was literally one of the best pastas of my life and the cardamom waffles. Everything we tried struck the perfect balance between being light but still flavorful.Fabulous food. Fabulous wine list. Excellent desserts. Very attentive staff. I cannot say enough about this new restaurant in the neighborhood. A++++.Went back to Libertine for restaurant week. The selection was fantastic. For starters we ordered the roasted eggplant and ricotta. It was fantastic on the grilled sourdough bread that was provided. We also got the crispy chicken appetizer with jicama slaw. The chicken was crispy and juicy. It had just the right amount of heat. Both the sea scallop and short rib main courses were to die for. If you're thinking about ordering dessert do yourself a favor and get the cardamom waffles with pistachio gelato!!!This restaurant is across the street from us and it's our first time trying. I'm always a bit weary of newer restaurants but was pleasantly surprised by the whole experience. Food was awesome, service was quick and friendly and the hostess even offered us complimentary dessert. We had the conch fritters which were on special for an app and they were absolutely delicious. I had the burger for me entree, which was hands down the star of the night. Pricey but actually one of those $20 burgers that is well worth every penny. Overall would definitely recommend!I enjoy brunch at Libertine. They offer small plates, full breakfast options, and sandwiches. The Eggs Benedict (several kinds, all great) is one of our favorite options though you should specify how runny you want your egg. The chicken and waffles were excellent with just the right spicy kick. The lobster burger was huge, perfectly prepared with big lobster flavor not lost. The hamburger was just okay; it was griddled without much carmelization while the fried egg was over cooked and the bun fell apart. Most dishes come with okay home fries or no-good french fries; these can be swapped out for fruit or a salad. The problem with the fries are that they are not crispy, overly brown, and oily tasting. The free bread bar (available with all meals) includes bagels, breads, English muffins, and muffins.
The atmosphere of this place is nice with the noise level tolerable. The bar has two large TVs and a wheelchair accessible section of the bar itself. In addition to the standard selection, Libertine offers a variety of excellent cocktails including a bottomless Bloody Mary option.
The staff here is friendly, helpful, and efficient. 
While I have only been to Libertine for brunch (I'll be back), I look forward to visiting for dinner sometime. Bottom line: Libertine is a welcome addition to the neighborhood and well worth a visit.Enjoyed a very tasty meal outside for happy hour. The apps were very interesting - had pastrami sliders and lamb meatballs which were both delicious. The lamb meatballs were the highlight of the meal for me! Also shared the secret chicken which was prepared well - very juicy. And blueberry pie and gelato for dessert. Also good. My only complaint was that the menu was overpriced for what it was. But overall, a pleasant experience with good service. I would go back.Came to dinner with my aunt. It started strong with the drinks. We both loved our initial cocktails. She ordered crab cake special, it happened to be Wednesday and I had a busy day and had not eaten. Wednesday is bottomless steak frites special at Libertine for 29. There was an Amuse-bouche of carrot ginger soup which was actually fantastic. We both savored it. Once entrees came, my aunt enjoyed the crab cakes, but felt the quinoa salad with it lacked a difference in texture/flavor and that it became a one note dish. As far as my steak frites, I initially asked for medium which was recommended by waiter training a delightfully polite new waitress. Unfortunately, the first plate was medium well or more and the frites were unbelievably greasy and salty. Honestly, straight limp fries with smear of oil behind but Dead Sea salty. I ate the steak because it wasn't too chewy and the sauce was flavorful, and I'd hate to waste the sacrifice of an animal unnecessarily. I informed the waiter of the soggy nature of uneaten pile of fries and asked for next steak portion medium rare. The steak was better cooked, though poor quality with tough connective tissue. Despite being specific about the first fries being a pile of oil and salt, the second batch was 20% less oil and 20% less salt. Which is honestly sad because there are scrumptious looking pictures of fries here on yelp. We also had second cocktails which we both enjoyed. Skipped dessert, but appreciated the mini cookies on the way out. Honestly, the service was pleasant. But the kitchen severely disappointed. I don't think I'll go back unless it's to the bar to try their cheap happy hour drinksWas a little skeptical initially but very quickly warmed up to this amazing little find.  Food was inventive and delicious.   Service top notch and staff was super friendly.  Enjoyed every course and the mix of flavors.  Sweetest story of the night - a little old man came in walking very slowly and carefully.  Was lovingly seated and cared for by the staff.  Sort of speaks to the character of this place.  Will definitely come back again.  Highly recommend.I came here with coworkers and everything was delicious. The cocktail Charlie Sheen was amazing. We had multiple small bites suggested by the wait staff and they were all very good. I had a lamb burger and it was so good!    I am not from the area but I would definitely come back when in town.Really good food. I always think brunch is the same wherever I go, and most of it is, but their food is solid. Ingredients are all fresh and they have a twist on even the normal hash browns  got the pastrami and hash browns. Friend for the maple bacon and eggs and home fries. Coffee was solid. Clean, free bread and muffin table. Service was great too :) timeliness, all on point! Shout out to Andy (our server) and Hannah (hostess) for making us feel comfortable when we had to kill 30 mins after our meal waiting for our friend to pick us up!Amazing food and service. This is a must if you are in Philly. Thanks Derek and all the staff you guys are great. We can't wait to be back.I was really looking forward to eating here for restaurant week but unfortunately I was super disappointed during meal. The corn fritter appetizer was greasy, the scallops in my entree were rubbery and tasteless, and one spoonful of my s'mores dessert was enough. I usually eat all my food but I honestly couldn't finish any of my plates since I wasn't enjoying it. I feel bad writing such a review because the staff was very attentive but the food was banal and uninspiring.A resounding "meh" on Libertine. While I'm not planning to return, it's not for lack of effort on their service model. To start on a positive note, I thought there were some nice touches at this restaurant and it's obvious they are trying to differentiate themselves from typical eateries in hotels. I saw there chef making rounds, checking in on tables of customers. Also, a big thank you for the triple chocolate mini cookie handed to me on the way out! While many Yelpers point out the toast bar, it basically reminded me of a glorified bread/bagel section at a hotel continental breakfast. 
The menu is meat heavy, so not an ideal place for vegetarians, unless you want something sweet! They were willing to take he bacon out of the frittata for me, but I honestly couldn't finish it because it was really oily. I typically opt for frittatas as a lighter/healthier option at brunch but this was not it. As oil from the eggs and cheese oozed out, I found myself blotting the frittata with a napkin like you do a slice of pizza. It had sweet potatoes in it, but they were under cooked and hard. There are a few brunch cocktails, and an unlimited cocktail option. We had Bloody Marys - they were ok, very horseradish centric, and not served too cold. 
Again, good service and some nice "perks" at Libertine, but I'm not sold on the food!I was happy to find out about Libertine before it becomes "discovered" which I imagine it will be. I went there Monday and liked it so much I went back Thursday! The staff is incredibly helpful and skillful. On both occasions I felt like an effort was made to assess the mood of the table and allow us to set the pace which is a rare thing these days. Our servers were knowledgeable about the menu. The food was excellent. Try the " secret chicken", the lamb meatball ap and the arugula and peach salad served on a piece of sourdough toast. The only miss was the artichoke ap which was a little fibrous although the presentation was very cute, served in a bread basket. We only saved room for one dessert but it was very good, an anise infused funnel cake with ice cream.Brand new gem, so good!! Once word gets out about this place it's going to be overflowing with customers. The cocktail list is really unique and the food is absolutely delicious. It's also a very cool atmosphere and the staff is quick, pleasant, knowledgeable and attentive. I can wait to go back and try more!Food, service, ambience all 5 stars. As former Manayunk residents we were thrilled to learn that the owner of Derek's opened a center city spot and even more thrilled to see that "the chicken" was on the menu. The chicken 2.0 was amazing as was the lobster burger and calamari. The Charlie Sheen was probably the best cocktail I've ever had and will for sure be returning to get that again. So next time you're about to wait over an hour for one of the restaurants on 13th Street do yourself a favor and walk 2 blocks south to Libertine, you won't be disappointed.I used to visit Derek's on Main Street daily before they closed so when I heard about Libertine, I knew I had to stop by. I came for brunch yesterday and I was not let down. The space is light and beautiful, music is mixed genre, staff are very helpful. I took advantage of the $22 unlimited mimosas and they were great. Our waiter did not miss a beat and always made sure our glasses were full. I ordered the brunch burger and it was cooked to perfection- fries were delicious, and their house hot sauce is amazing. I'm sure this spot will be a reg for me!I tried Libertine for restaurant week. The portions were reasonable. I really enjoyed our first course. Baby octopus and the whipped ricotta with eggplant. I could have just eaten this and been happy! My girlfriend had the shortrib. While flavorful and oh so tender, also a bit too salty. I wasn't totally impressed with the lobster ravioli. It was good, but I have had better. Dessert was my favorite course. The cardamom waffles. OMG I could eat that everyday! Overall this was a quality meal, and I am glad they participated in restaurant week. I am glad i finally was able to see what this new place is all about! I love the pink furniture also!!We had a fantastic experience at Libertine tonight.  The space is very comfortable, relaxing. Drinks were good.  We shared the eggplant starter, excellent.  We had the pork shank and chicken, both were great.  All of the servers were very good, friendly and efficient.  Derek stopped by to introduce himself and check in on us.  Nice touch.  Definitely recommend, great all around time.Libertine recently opened up in my neighborhood. When I found out that Chef Derek was the owner I was very keen to give it a try. I remember enjoying loads of meals at his former establishment Derek's in Manayunk. We decided to try out happy hour and were pleasantly surprised to see an extensive drinks list (beer, cocktails, and wine)--something for everyone. For nibblers, we opted for something light and went with the crab toast and hand-cut fries, both were delicious! 
Side note: The establishment was dog-friendly. The hostess brought out a dog bowl and several treats for our little furball.the reataurant was visually appealing with open windows and welcoming decor. we had a reservation and we were seated quickly. we ordered drinks after someone finally came to our table and then it took over twenty minutes to get our drinks after we ordered them. it was a bizarre experience interacting with staff, not a single person was friendly and half of them didn't talk to us while interacting with us. the food came out minutes later even though we ordered it after drinks. no one ever came to check on us during our meal. the food was decent but not worth the price given the experience and it wasn't anything you couldn't prepare at home. wouldn't go again.Loved the Croque Madame - ask for the house-made hot sauce to add a kick to this fried egg, asparagus, cheese and ham goodness. We also shared the hot chicken and waffles which were tasty. Chill, tasty and easy place to get Sunday brunch for a party of 7, which is no small feat! BONUS: Brunch comes with the toast bar, which had muffins, bread, jams and more!Our first trip to libertine was to have breakfast, but we were informed that they had not yet open for brunch so we came back a few days later and had dinner while sitting outside. I had read up on the chef prior to arrival and was looking forward to the meal based on what I had read about his prior endeavors. We had an all-around fantastic meal and I found the food to be better than many of the restaurants in the 13th St. Restaurant area. I am looking forward to coming for brunch and happy hour. The menu was very gluten free friendly. I believe the prices merit the food.Brunch was excellent! We had the smoked salmon eggs benedict and the pastrami hash, and a everything bagel with smoked salmon cream cheese at the bagel bar. Everything was tasty!We were excited at the menu and thought the restaurant was organized because they called us to confirm our reservation. However when we arrived it didn't seem like they expected us at all. 
Extremely disappointed at the service, and poor communication by the staff.
We never got seated because after 30 minutes of waiting it was clear that they overbooked the restaurant. Instead of letting us know the situation, they made us stand awkwardly in the bar area. They never provided us any updates and checked up on us once by telling us to buy drinks. Eventually we decided to give up and go to another restaurant in the area. I can't give more than 1 star because we never even got a chance to try the food.Stop what you're doing and go to Libertine. This is not a drill. Don't worry that it's in a hotel or that you have to cross Broad Street to get there. Go. The food is incredible, the value is exceptional, and the wine list is absolutely solid. Go. Go already.Excellent addition to center city. The staff was very engaging and provided exceptional service.  It's obvious Chef Derek takes pride in his food as he kept coming out of the kitchen to peak in at diners. 
As a punny person myself, I appreciated the menu labels for each section.  We went with a few of the "Smaller Commitments" plus the roasted carrot special.  The heirloom carrots were the best I've had.  Nice ratio of carrots to what I believe was a yogurt sauce topped with pesto. We also had the Made to Order Fish Chowder (white) and it was so damn good. Beautifully presented as the server poured the soup over a toasted garlicky sour dough bread. I thought the bread would get soggy but I was wrong!  The lamb meatballs were packed with flavor and paired perfectly with the plum that enhanced the red sauce. The pastrami sliders were so unique as I didn't expect the pastrami to be served on little marble rye bread.  
I tried both gin cocktails and they were both refreshing. The dessert was also excellent.  Chocolate lovers need the s'mores flourless chocolate cake in their life.
Even for a newer restaurant, I'm surprised more people weren't there.  I can see Libertine being booked up once word gets out about their delicious fresh food. I cannot wait to go back and try brunch!We stopped by here while visiting Philly. It was walking distance from our hotel in the old city. We had reserved a table on "open table" and we were taken immediately to our table. It just happened to be restaurant week. We initially thought this was going to be a sort of modern hippie place after we noticed the high concentration of staff with man-buns and beards. However, we were pleasantly surprised. We had multiple staff check on us without being overly bothersome. The food was great as were our drinks. Appetizers were great, main course came out on time as did the dessert. We couldn't have asked for anything more. We will definitely go here again next time we are in town.What a wonderful restaurant. The food, grilled giant scallops (my husband) and ricotta dumplings (me) were out of this world good. Our server (I wish I'd gotten his name) was so competent and helpful and the food arrived quickly and perfectly. Blueberry pie for dessert wasn't too sweet and and was a fine end to our meal. We feel lucky to have found this place. Thanks, Yelp.Speedy service. I went during restaurant week and food was good. Scallops were a little bland, but I'm guessing you are supposed to use the sauce that came with the cous cous but there wasn't much. My favorite part was the shrimp and corn fritters. Servers were very attentive however they asked if myself and my party were done with our food way too frequently. I felt rushed  :(This place is a hidden gem! It is attached to a Fairfield Inn and is unassuming from the outside but it is oh so wonderful inside. The ambiance is trendy, upbeat and inviting. The food choices are diverse and tasty. We had thr chicken skins with the most delicious spicy honey for dipping. My favorite was the Burratta with tomato. It is a plate of pesto, mozzarella, balsamic, and heirloom tomato with crisp bread. SO GOOD!! We also had the scallops and the secret chicken. There was nothing we didn't like. We had great service too! Our waitress, Alyssa, answered all of our questions, made recommendations and was attentive without being overbearing. We are happy to have stumbled across Libertine and would be back. The only thing that prevented me from giving this a five was the prices and the challenge of finding parking but hey, it is located in one of the hottest parts of Philly!My friend and I stopped in here on our way to the midtown festival this weekend. We walked from old city and it was super humid so we agreed to find an indoor bar to pop into to cool off before doing the festival. 
Complete happenstance we walked past this place and decided to go in. 
The bar was empty...but that is to be expected when there is a festival 1 block away! 
The bartender was super friendly and prompt. He got us waters right away and passed us our drinks. He made a little small talk with us here and there..they had all the college games on, which was nice!
What I liked best was that the staff all seemed to be friends and enjoy each other. They were able to chat and mingle with each other and patrons without making anyone wait.This is an awesome spot for brunch! Libertine is still pretty new, connected to the Fairfield Inn that just opened up. The decor is modern and the menu seemed to have something for everyone. We ordered coffees, which came in a French press. Also worth noting they have $22 bottomless mimosas! We ordered a few different food items, and then our waiter directed us towards the self-serve complimentary breads and bagels (!!) bar. The owner kindly walked us through every bread and spread available, and those everything bagels were maybe the best bagels I've had in the city. After trying not to fill ourselves on the bread, our food arrived and everything was great. We had the frittata, short rib pastrami hash and chicken & waffles. And then on the way out, the hostess offered us mini chocolate chip cookies! Such a great experience here. Will be back.We had the crab meat spaghetti and lamb meat balls. They were very tasty--the best crab I've tasted in Philly so far. Hostesses were so friendly and warm so were the servers. Overall, very good experience.Stopped in for a quick drink at the bar today after a photo session with a dear friend. It was an easy choice between this one and another bar  up the street - that one ended up being way too loud and far from ideal for what we ended up doing - sitting and catching up on our lives, hopes and dreams. The moment we walked in, we both agreed that the ambiance was perfect. The hostess and the bartender were both friendly; the bartender was especially attentive and made our cocktails - I had the Marquis de Sade - with a measure of care and precision that conveyed to us both that he was a serious mixologist. I will definitely return real soon to perhaps enjoy more libations and brunch? The menu looked intriguing and would love to hear from folks who have in fact enjoyed a meal here.Had a chance to dine here while visiting Philly. This is a great Americana restaurant with a fun contemporary twist. The food was delicious and the staff was attentive and helpful. The secret chicken was one of the best pieces of chicken ive ever had. It was moist and hurting with flavor. The drinks were strong and creative. The desert menu is also fun the s'mores dish was perfect and not to decadent.Had a great time at the Libertine for brunch. Our party of 6 immediately got seated, and the food was incredible.  1/2 of us got chicken and waffles, they were bomb and our waiter Sez was so cool! They even had mini cookies for us on the way out. Definitely coming back next time I'm in Philly.Food and drinks were very good. Had the burger with the garlic truffle aioli and French fries. Both were extra good! Dirty Martini and draft wine were perfect. Service was good.came for brunch with my friends and had a really great time! the restaurant itself is a bit small so try to make reservations if you can but it wasn't too busy for a saturday morning.
the "toast bar" was OK, it reminds me of a breakfast station at a hotel. none of the breads wow'd me really.
the bottomless mimosa and bloody mary's though were great! the mimosa's were delicious and the bloody mary's were spicy and flavorful. 
oysters in lychee sorbet - the oysters itself were great but the lychee sorbet unfortunately isn't the best pairing for an oyster; way too sweet. i had to put in some cocktail sauce
madame croque - this was good! i had no complaints but it also didn't wow me either tbh
all in all, i would definitely come back here for the bottomless and the service was great but waiting to be wow'd by the foodWe stopped in to get drinks on our way to a dinner reservation for somewhere else. The cocktails were fantastic. The dinner menu looked delicious and we contemplated canceling our reservation and staying there, now wishing we had. Definitely planning to go back.Came in on a Saturday around 1 and was seated immediately. I can only speak to the burrata salad I had which was pretty good. Service was good, but the server took a little too long getting our credit cards back to us (bit of a pet peeve of mine).Best brunch I have had in a while. In search of a brunch spot that hosted bottomless drinks is a little hard to come by in Philly. However, Libertine delivered. Their brunch bar offers all you can drink Bloody Mary's and Mimosas and a bagel and bread bar (most of which is made fresh on site). The Bloody Mary is a drink I would not order again. Perhaps it was the mix used but it was definitely not our favorite. Now, this is not enough to remove a star from the rating.
The Mimosa's made up for the lack in the Bloody Mary. If that was not enough, the bagel and bread bar was amazing. A meal could've been had on the banana bread alone--they should really consider selling that alone, if they don't already. The bagels and bread were a nice way to soak up some of the Mimosas we consumed; consequently, this is not to distract from the meals we ordered. 
I had the Crab Benedict while my friend had the Salmon Benedict. They were both exquisite. It is not enough to say we would order them again. They were obvious pics, even with all of the other appetizing menu items. 
I am looking forward to another brunch visit sometime soon.Meh. Completely mediocre. Reservation was 20 minutes late while other tables stood empty for long periods of time. Drinks were weak, but well constructed and thoughtful. Went during restaurant week, which could either be a great intro to the public to give us a taste of potential or just wade through the motions to mass produce a $35 three course and piggyback on the publicity. It was the latter. No reason to go back there. Also a key item to know is that this is a hotel restaurant which in my experience, they tend to half ass it knowing they have a built in pool of likely potential guests who are staying there... so they tend to phone it in. Edible. Under seasoned.Great and welcome addition to the neighborhood.  We have waited a long time watching construction.  Decor i modern and comfortable. Service was great.  Friendly staff all around. Our waiter Matthew explained the menu and made great suggestions.  He was relaxed yet professional.  He kept the secret of the chicken 2.0. Chef visited the table a few times to chat and check on us.  Chicken was outstanding.  Scallops and rock shrimp yummy.  Dessert was ok. Matthew suggested the waffles and we went with the funnel cake.  Funnel cake was yummy but next time it's the waffles.  Definitely a new place to go n go n go again.Stopped in for a few drinks and a quick bite. Friendly service. I think I was waited on by 3 different people and all of them pleasant. I had a Hemingway cocktail, well their take on it, since I love that daiquiri so much. Visually not a pretty drink. The dollop of coke sorbet is such a weird addition, I don't think it works. 
I found that the glass type could have been more delicate also. It's a plain rocks glass and sorbet ball floating around. 
Had the Charlie sheen after, pretty glass and pretty drink also. Very spicy mind you but I liked it. I'll probably be back again. I'll just stay away from drinks with sorbet garnish.I enjoyed this restaurant, and would returned. The wife and I would diffidently return. Nice atmosphere good food and craft cocktails.I dined at Libertine for restaurant week for the first time.  With the pre-fixe menu, I selected the vegetarian selection from each section. The starter was eggplant with whipped ricotta with toast.  This was very flavorful and enjoyable. The main was ricotta dumplings. This plate was creative and had an interesting flavor profile. My friend tried different options and enjoyed those as well. We shared the desserts so I got to try both the cranberry tart with cinnamon gelato and the banana spring roll with Nutella. Both were good. 
The space is roomy but not huge. The high ceilings make it feel larger. The decor is chic but colorful and cozy. Staff was friendly.  Overall a nice spot.Terrific food and service.  Great variety of chicken, beef and fish appetizers and entrees.  Very comfortable newly designed restaurant run by a very experienced chef.  We will definitely be back.Our party of three had a great time here last night. Corner table with large windows to check out the lively street scene. Imaginative cocktails and terrific food. Steak-frites, lobster burger and gnocchi were all delicious, as were the desserts. Gloria was a friendly and efficient server. Chef Derek Davis stopped by our table twice to chat and to ask if everything was okay. Everything was beyond okay. Very reasonable prices for center city. Do yourself a favor and stop in for a fun, delicious experience.I'm a somewhat simple man, but I have to say this is one of my favorite meals. They have a Honey Smoked Short Rib Pastrami slider on their small plates menu that's served with a slaw that is just incredibly good.  And I asked the bartender to make a nonalcoholic mock tail and he served up an awesome mixture of basil simple syrup, grapefruit bitters and a splash of cranberry.  Thirst quenching and just the right amount of tang to leave a pleasant aftertaste. 
The best!Mediocre at best.  Interior is nice but does feel like a hotel lobby restaurant.  It was not busy at all and the food was over salted and just ok.  I would not proactively go there since there are so many other options in the area that are significantly better.Very slow service, the staff mostly talked amongst themselves and paid little attention to customers. There were only a handful of other customers and the food, drinks, check all took ages. Then as we were packing up to leave after long waits the hostess very loudly fake yawned as she passes our table, I guess the staff wanted to leave. We would have been out long earlier if possible. Food was ok but not great, service was really bad and we felt very unwelcome. Too bad.We came here for restaurant week. Food was good, prices were high. Service was good.Wow. Just got home from a fabulous meal here. We sat at a high top in the bar, but the cozy tables looked just as inviting and comfortable without being crowded. The service was friendly, knowledgeable, and efficient. We unknowingly happen to be there for restaurant week and they had a special menu that was fantastic. The creative and tasty food was amazing from apps to dessert. We live nearby and both feel that we have just found our neighborhood go-to dinner spot. We will definitely be back to try the full menu.This review is solely for happy hour and since we ordered so little I suppose it's mostly for the vibe and experience.
Came here for happy hour on Thursday. I moved to this neighborhood about 2 months ago and pass this place daily. Full disclosure: I was lured in mostly due to the promise of free chicken skins for bar drinkers. (Thursday HH special.)
Sat at the bar with my boyfriend. There was already a menu at the bar so we perused it and it took a bit before the bartender officially asked us for our order. Apparently the bartender was working solo during a happy hour rush so bless her for that and for remaining professional and calm the whole time instead of losing her mind like I would have.
We asked about draft beer - they don't have any. This is a wine/cocktail bar. But we wanted beer and the happy hour special was $3 off. I ordered an Evil Genius I Love Lamp and boyfriend ordered a High Life. Note, the High Life was only on the menu because of the City Wide special, not listed on its own. Also note that a High Life here is $4 and not subject to the drink special (i.e. you will pay full price). 
We received our free chicken skins shortly thereafter and did not have to ask for them/order them. They were just brought to us. AND MY OH MY. They were exactly what I hoped they would be. Crispy fried chicken skin, dipped in sweet honey packed with a little heat to keep your mouth tingly after each bite. I would absolutely come back and pay for them. I was sad that the guys next to us also received free chicken skins but hardly ate them. I would have eaten them but they didn't seem the sharing caring kind of dudes and I am not one to creep on potential free food at the bar so I left well enough alone.
Anyway, I liked the vibe this place was laying out. We had other plans for dinner but the menu here seemed legit. Lobster burger? Sign me up. Since we sat near the service bar we saw pretty much the entire menu of cocktails being made and they all looked delicious - some even included sorbet. Noms. I definitely plan to come back and enjoy more of the menu in the future. This place has the potential to become my favorite neighborhood bar.
TO BE CONTINUED...I came here with my wife since they are part of the United Airlines Dining program.  We came on a Wednesday night and sat at the bar.  The service was fast and efficient.  They only have beer by the can/bottle and we both had a mediocre IPA.  I would recommend to order wine as the selection looks better.
We both opted for the Special Chicken 2.0 which is a half chicken with crispy skin, and comes with fingerling potatoes and peas. The chicken itself was moist and perfectly cooked.  The only thing I didn't care for was a sauce or glaze they used on the chicken which made it salty.  Other than that it was amazing.Restaurant Week!
Ordered the eggplant appetizer for starter. The crispy bread and eggplant were delicious! Move on to the scallop fettucini with LOBSTER butter Enough said! Loved that it was balanced out with roasted corn! (Ate it so fast). Dessert .. Ice cream terrine! A combination of three flavors of ice cream! GREAT! Service was great. Food was hot each course presented and fast. WE were fat and chatty afterward and they didn't rush us! Great experience. GOOD FOOD. They also have outside seating and a parking lot near by that charged 16 bucks for two and a half hours being greedy! Will definitely be back. Did I mention the cbd cocktails?. Just did. Cool spot!The Parker house burger is fantastic. The service is really great, and the ambience is nice and comfortableOh! La, la! We "discovered" Libertine as we followed all the rest of the Army Navy fans staying in our small/ tiny /boutique hotel lineup near the Reservations Stand.  We were overjoyed with a fabulous menu great service and even better food!
We started cocktails at the bar and the bartender-ess appeared to be a magician.
She really knows her menu, ingredients, flavors... Extremely efficient/ knowledgeable. All of us had a great meals: loved the pasta dishes I raved about the chicken with fingerling potatoes and peas ...it may sound bland but it was off the charts phenomenal. 
The next Morning I had frittata for very late breakfast, French press coffee, and a delightful wait person behind the bar - was interesting well-travel an artist...
We met the chef for third visit- sorry but we had to had rave andbebd his ear on how impressed we were.Rarely if ever, do I take the time to write a review, let alone a poor review, but the more I think about our dinning experience a few nights ago, the angrier I become!!
My husband and I have been very excited about Libertine coming to our neighborhood and finally had the opportunity to come by for dinner. The atmosphere and vibe are hip and forward thinking in combination with a well thought out menu. The servers were on point and attentive with reasonable food knowledge. So when my $39.00 ribeye special, came table-side I was excited. The steak was ordered medium rare/rare, and here is where the disappointment begins. The meat was medium at best, and by most standers OVER cooked. As if that wasn't bad enough the haricot vert were so under cooked they were virtually raw...ughhhhh!! When our server "finally" asked how everything was, I was honest and explain my concerns. Our servers reaction, was appropriate, he was concerned, conciliatory, and offered to send it back to the kitchen. Because it had taken over Over 35 minutes for our entrées to come tableside I opted to keep the steak and make the best of it. This is where the real FAIL happened. Libertines General Manager, Tricia Miller overheard my entire conversation with her server. She obviously instructed him to comp some dessert in order to make up for the disastrous entrée. Although I appreciate the dessert, I think a far better approach would have been, for her to of come tableside and discuss this directly with me. She honestly appeared not to care very much and went about cleaning and tidying up her host stand. Shame on you Ms. Miller, you've been in this industry a long time, and this was a GM fail!!! A $40 special ill prepared, and a $10 desert sent in its place. With so many places in Washington Square, West to choose from, you might want to up your game? With a lot of disposable income to be spent on dining, why would you want to disappoint your guests?? Next time we will stroll just a little bit further down 13th St. and lay our money down someplace else.So happy to have Derek Davis back! The space is comfortable, the night we visited we opted for a table by the wide open windows. Fans of Davis' former eponymous named Manayunk place will be happy to have Secret Chicken back!
We loved the chicken skin app a lot, the pasta with crab & all our cocktails. (all pictured) We'll be back soon!We stopped here for a bite before attending the opera.  We let them know we had to be done within 1 1/2 hours to have time to get to our seats... after assuring us we had nothing to worry about.. they proceeded to create one concern after another.
A confusing array of servers took and delivered our food and drink orders... our food was significantly delayed... to the point that we were forced to ask for the manager to help us determine if the food would come in time for us to enjoy it and still make the show... I hate being put in that position - especially when we had plenty of time and communicated our needs early on.
Disappointing experience.Unassuming but central location with a truly innovative menu and a very well curated wine list. This is my new go to spot for business dinners in the city. Hats off to the chef and the staff. Everything was well prepared and professionally presented. Try the Secret Chicken. Bravo.We decided to check out Libertine before a show at the Kimmel Center.   Great service and really good food and drinks.   Definitely recommend stopping by at least for the drinks.    I had the Isadora Duncan....was excellent.Came for sips on a weekday over the summer with a friend. The weather was nice so all of the windows were open and it was not too packed in this cute little restaurant.
My friend and I got cocktails (a little too sweet for my taste) and some appetizers to share. The portions for the appetizers were large enough to have for meals and we enjoyed everything we got (thai chicken sandwich, roasted eggplant and ricotta dip, edamame hummus, crispy chicken skin). My favorite was the eggplant and ricotta dish since it was creamy and well balanced. I was very excited for the crispy chicken skins since I had heard good things but it was too salty and only good while it was hot.
I will definitely return again to have more of the dishes for a meal though their cocktails were not one of my favorites in the city. Overall, still a nice establishment that I would recommendHad a really nice brunch here. I had the burger and tasted the steak sandwich- both tasty and nice portions. The house mimosa was ok but I actually enjoyed the house bloody mary, which was good and spicy. Too full to try dessert. Beautiful space (I remember when it was Westbury!) and probably best of all were the servers, who were fun and cheerful and contributed to a really fun afternoon.I just went here for brunch and it was amazing! $22 mimosas and bloodies? Yes please. Also the food was delish. I got the ham and spinach omelet (no cheese) and it was so fluffy and delicious and  perfectly cooked.
 My friend got the croque'madame and she basically licked her plate clean that's how much she liked it. 
It's also a fairly new place so the Decor is so nice and modern with pink chairs, pink accents, and a full bar!
Overall: 5 stars for drinks and food! Anywhere in Philly I can find an unlimited drink deal, I'm down!
Derek (chef), theresa, and Stewart were absolutely amazing!I went here because of the name and stayed for Hours! 
The fried chicken skins are worth returning for.  They were crispy and served with the most amazing spiced honey.  
The special chicken recipe was good.  But the steak tips were out of this world.  
Desert was yummy, not too sweet.  But every thing had dairy, so that's something to keep in mind.  
When you go to leave, they even give you a cookie! 
I'll be backSo ever since this place opened, it's been on our list to try out. We had stopped by for drinks a couple of times but never able to get dinner or brunch. Needless to say I was super excited when my SO made reservations for one crisp Saturday evening. It was pretty full, so it's good to have reservations on busy weekends. We were seated immediately and presented menus. They have a full bar and inclusive wine list. We ordered some wine and ordered the cheesesteak egg rolls and the schezwan jumbo chicken wings. The egg rolls were really good, however the wings were slightly overcooked and overly salted. We decided to get the lamb meatballs and thigh chicken sliders. The lamb meatballs were one of the best I have ever tasted. 
So there's definite potential, great place for a date.F and I just stopped in for a nightcap after the Yelp Holiday Party. So, this review is just for the bar.
The service and drinks at the bar great. Our barman was friendly and attentive. 
I was feeling the atmosphere and decor. I seemed at little cold. 
I definitely think other folks would like it. So, give it a try...Stopped in here for drinks before dining at Vetri because of the location and was very impressed. The happy hour is unbeatable with $7 craft cocktails, $3-4 craft beers, and half priced wine. The cocktails are GOOD, especially the Liz Taylor and the Charlie Sheen. I liked it so much that I went back a few days later with a friend for happy hour and dinner. The burrata was pretty good and the mac and cheese was alright. It was a Thursday so we received complimentary chicken skins at the bar which were delicious and worth going back for. I probably wouldn't do dinner here again, but will definitely be back for the cocktails, the friendly staff, and the cool ambiance.Phenomenal burger (Parker Burger) and side salad. Good drinks, happy hour, location and outdoor seating. I really like this placeCame here with a party of six for Restaurant Week based on a friend's suggestion.   We had reservations and when we arrived we didn't have to wait too long.  Take note, the restaurant is connected to a hotel so if you need to use the restroom you'll have to exit the restaurant and go down a set of stairs.  Everything is connected so you never have to go outside.
Once seated, we were greeted by our waiter.  He immediately poured our glasses with water and requested our order for drinks.  A few of us ordered a glass of Riesling. The guys had beer and my sister in law had a margarita of some type.  
We ordered from the pre-fixed menu.  What I thought was odd is that you didn't have the option to ordered off the menu. Most restaurants will give you the choice since they can make more money.  I have a picky guy so I always worry that these places will have something he likes.  
While enjoying our drinks, the waiter took our order for the first course.  We had the watermelon salad with feta and chicken croquettes.  Wish I had ordered the salad over the croquettes.  They were crispy but dry inside.  
 Our entrees were scallop w/ fettucine in a lobster butter sauce.  Some of us opt out having the fettucine and requested scallops and grits.  The grits looked more like soup but it was ok.  It hit the spot.
 The guys ordered short ribs which came with potato salad. Our big guy in the group liked them so much he wanted seconds..  
 For dessert we ordered s'mores and funnel cake.  Everyone said the cake was good but it looked like it was too hard to cut.  The S'mores was good. 
Towards the end of our evening we decided to take photos. The Chef happened to stop by at the same time, so we took a snap shot with him as well.  
The place is long more than wide, which is the case with many places in the City.  The décor was colorful and the staff was friendly.  Overall we had a great time.Libertine, what happened? You started out pretty strong but it didn't end so well :( giving this place 3.5 stars really mainly because of a disappointing dessert. Came here for dinner during restaurant week with my parents. Let's get straight into it. 
There was nothing really wrong about the food but nothing was really spectacular either. I guess my expectations were too high? The best part of the three courses was the first and it just went downhill from there.
First course:
- panko fried chicken breast with green papaya cucumber salad and hot chili sauce
- shrimp & corn fritters with caribbean remoulade 
- house smoked salmon toast 
This food was great. All the sauces were perfect. My favorite dish was prob the chicken and the salad was really refreshing. Definitely asian inspired. The fritters were also pretty good especially with the sauce 
Second course:
- lobster with spinach fettuccine and basil butter sauce
- braised beef short ribs with goat cheese polenta and garlic spinach 
- garlic breadcrumb crusted scallops with couscous and red pepper vinigarette
The scallops and couscous were awesome but the fettuccine sadly salty and although the short ribs were pretty good the polenta was basically tasteless. I was expecting a stronger flavor because of goat cheese?
Third course:
- funnel cake with strawberry sauce and vanilla gelato
- blueberry pie with cinnamon gelato
- coconut milk panna cotta with grilled pineapple, mango sorbet, and matcha tea glaze
Ok I'm sorry but we were REALLY disappointed by the dessert. This is where I feel like libertine was trying to make American classics more creative but it really missed the mark. The funnel cake was a standard funnel cake and the blueberry pie tasted like just some blueberries were piled on top of a tasteless dry tart crust with very minimal sweetness. I like things less sweet, but not when it's completely devoid of sweetness. And the gelato... :( the scoops were pretty sad melty lumps and honestly I didn't even realize it was gelato. And oh my the panna cotta, it was basically another tasteless colorless mound with a few sad drops of the matcha glaze and a coconut flavor that was virtually nonexistent. IT WAS SO TASTELESS. The only redeeming factors for the dessert were the mango sorbet and strawberry sauce (but which basically tasted like jam). 
This would have been an ok dinner except we paid $35  each for restaurant week. Was expecting more out of a restaurant on those standards. Probably wont be coming back