I have been there quite a few times. Nice hardwood flooring, the girls restroom was beautiful with the Marble sink, clean as a whistle, when you enter the bar it's a bit narrow but opens up a bit at the end of the bar. The tables are great also. The owner is friendly, on the premises & makes great food!! Just had a Mushroom, Provolone Cheese Burger with fresh, homemade cut Fries & a banging side sauce tasted like spicy mustard, maybe Russian dressing & other spices, it was absolutely delicious to say the least. The staff is prompt & friendly. The regulars are also friendly too, which most regulars at bars are not receptive to "new" customers. Nice neighborhood bar & yes, there is some sort of adult theater a few doors down, but I've never seen anyone loitering outside or any kind of commotion going on. Lots of friendly walk by people too. Thumbs Up!Stopped in after walking from the Rocky steps to the Mutter for lunch. Friendly if slightly boisterous local crowd watching the hockey game. Pretty reasonable draft beers and the menu was great for the comfort food & bar food lovers. We had crab dip, the liberty burger, caesar salad, and the club sandwich. It was a TON of food and we took leftovers back to the hotel. Bartender, who was also serving, was super friendly and accomodating to our requests despite being a bit overwhelmed. Only downside was the homemade chips for the dip were stale. Otherwise would gladly return!OH YEAH!!! Nice chill spot, GREAT happy hour, and super cool bar staff. You can't beat the half price nachos and wingsWonderful experience! Just happened to be walking by and ended up going in for happy hour. The bartender was very friendly and attentive, and the drinks were great tasting and perfectly priced! Will definitely be returning :)I must say, perfect! First time visit the bar of Philly! Cool place! And Sam is really good and let us try his homemade whiskey and the fried sour cucumber with beautiful sauce！love that！Hidden Philly gem. I stumbled upon this bar while visiting from out of town and was extremely impressed. The food is excellent and the drink specials are tops. Their jambalaya was one of the best I've ever had. Bartender was extremely friendly and clearly a Philly vet. I left with enough Philly food and drink recommendations to last me the rest of the trip. Would highly recommend.Great little spot! The food was delicious and inexpensive. The bartender Chris, played great music. I really enjoy local places that great no locals well.Cool little spot. I was lucky enough to be here during a slow time and day. I personally don't like feeling crowded, and it is a tight space, so I like how quiet it was. Food was fast and cooked well. I didnt LOVE the flavor, but i honestly think its a matter of my picky preference, more than a question of quality. My bartender was attentive and polite. Both managers were friendly, and the crowd of regulars coming in after work seemed real nice. Everything seemed clean and neat yet casual. Prices were chill. I got a 7oz burger, fries, a salad, a shot and a beer for $25. Pretty fair if u ask me. Overall, good little outting to bring some relief after fighting with peco all afternoon.I am a die-hard Philadelphia Eagles fan from CT and happened to stumble across this hidden gem while looking for someplace to watch Superbowl 52. When I called I spoke to the owner Sam who told me that they would be open and that they were a small local place so to get there early. We did get there early and had a couple of drinks from a friendly bartender named Kelsey and some food before the game started. The Philly cheese steak grinder was excellent. Served on a fresh, not soggy roll with the perfect amount of onion and whiz in each bite. We also ordered the friend pickle chips with house made ranch. Again the portion was just the right size for sharing. 
Just before the game started the DJ arrived. He played music of all different types and eras. I heard everything from Migos to Taylor Dane to Frank Sinatra. It wasn't too loud, but it was loud enough to be heard but not too loud that you couldn't talk to the person next to you. 
Once the game started the music went off and the TV volume went up which is great especially for an important game like this one. There were drink specials and a great halftime buffet. 
Liberty Bar & Grill reminds me of my local watering hole from back home where the owner is engaging and knows his patrons. The bartenders are friendly and attentive and the atmosphere makes you feel right at home. 
I can't wait to go back to Philadelphia so that I can stop in and see Sam and Kelsey again!I travel to philly a couple times a year for work and I will always make time for this place. The bartender, Sam, is great and the food is actually amazing. Don't be fooled by the size. We came for the U.S. Women's Soccer game and stayed for the atmosphere.Sam is the best bar owner in Philadelphia. So friendly and personable. He made us feel right at home right away and we're sure this is our new hometown bar. There was live music but the volume was a good level and we could still have a conversation. And the place was so intimate half of our conversation was with Sam and the musician. We got Sam's grandmother's crab mac n cheese recipe and because it was almost sold out he gave us two smaller portions but only charged us for one. It was incredible. Also got the chicken tacos and they were delicious as well. Friends I was with also talked up the burgers. Will definitely be going back here to say hi to Sam and check out the specials and the music.Pros: friendly and timely service, loved the interior decor, am interested in samplying their food fare
Cons: location, a tad small, unfortunately blends into memory as a very similar bar to others in philly when you are visiting a lot throughout one day into the nightSo a couple of weeks ago my roommate dragged me out to this bar to meet up with a few of our friends. I have to say I was totally thrown off because right when I stepped out of the cab there was this huge porn shop/theatre right in view. I thought we had the block all wrong, but no, right next door was this cute little bar, in the most bizarre location.
We get in the bar and it was definitely slow but we were like 4 meeting up with about 5 or 6 more so it made the bar look full. We sat down and were greeted by the bartender Megan (pretty rad chick), and the owner Aristotle ( who was also pretty rad)! The drinks were inexpensive, there was live music from the 2 d-jays, my friends and I had a great time. Megan took great care of us, even gave me a free shot before I left. Which is 2 thumbs up in my book. Liberty bar is definitely a cool place if you can look past what you have to walk by to get there.The food is great for bar food and the staff is nice. The place is a bit run down looking though. Often, they're out of stock of basic alcohols.Stopped in yesterday for happy hour after work with two friends for the first time. Upon walking in the bartender was very friendly and patient while we decided what we were going to drink. They have a small but good selection as far as seasonal bottled beer and for $4 dollars during happy hour, such a great deal! We opted to sit at the back tables as opposed to at the bar. We shared the wings and fried mozzarella as an app. Both were very tasty. As a meal I as well as my friend tried the liberty burgers, both were well cooked and the fries they came with homemade and excellent! Our other friend had the fist tacos and really enjoyed them. We were overall very happy with the food beer/liqour selection and service. We will be adding this to our happy hour stops!I was here last night with my buddy.  Both of us had fish 'n chips.  The drink selection is nothing special but the staff was friendly and the fish 'n chips were the best either me or my buddy have had in Philadelphia.  Excellent fish 'n chips, friendly staff and fellow patrons.  Good spot.This place is cool. It's not "off the beaten path" but it's pretty close. It's definitely in a spectacularly isolated location, with the porn shop right next door, right on Market. It's a tucked in little corner, but it's got the swagger of any Market Street tavern. Here's my beef, though: the beers on tap are all merely average--there's nothing special about them, or their prices (not even one "specialty" beer--what?!?!?). The place is small, and intimate, which is a good, solid quality, but it didn't seem like the bar was going for any kind of theme, and despite how "dive" the place might seem to be, it's pretty jazzed up with great lighting and knickknacks on the walls.
The crowd is a mixture of young people and older types. There is an electronic video game machine at the bar tempting you to play. Browsing the categories but refusing to spend any money, I came across about fifty erotic games available for your heathenly delights.
The bartend was a nice young woman who seemed surprised that my friends and I were all there the day after New Year's. Finally, the live music were these two local deejays that were pretty raging, giving a good mixture of electronic and hip hop tunes that made the somewhat average place glimmer up a bit. I'll probably go back to this place at some point down the road, even though I'm not completely thrilled about it just yet.Went for happy hour was charged $7 for an IPA, after asking the bartender if that was the happy hour price, he knocked $1 off the price. Possibly one of the worst happy hours in the city. Won't ever be coming here again.We stopped in to watch the FSU v. NCSU football game while waiting for our rental car. The owner happened to be an NCSU grad and gladly turned the TV to the game. We stayed for the game and ate lunch. The Liberty Fries were phenomenal. We also got the crab Mac n Cheese and a Philly cheesesteak. It was all delicious and the owner was incredibly nice and accommodating.Great place to hang out with friends. The DJ was great that night. The only setback was whem I ordered a pickle back the pickle juice had seeds inside and wasn't served in a shot glass. It was served in a plastic ketchup dish.Loved it.  Was on a business trip looking for a good local place for a beer and dinner.  Bartender recommended a Black n' Blue burger.  She has great taste.  The burger was great, the beer was great, and the bartender was great.  I will be back!I was in Philly for a trade show, happened up on the Liberty Bar. Loved it!!! This will be my watering hole in Philly from now on. Old town is awesome, but the Liberty Bar is closer to the hotel.Served the wrong beer multiple times and received incorrect change from the bartender (I think he thought I was drunk and tried to take advantage?).  Make sure you count your change or check your credit card bill!Favorite bar, i go here often after work. Happy hour specials are super reasonable and food portions are generous always enough to share. I love the wings! The waitress can make any well mixed drinks,  but the beer list they have is impressive.. nice chill spot can get kinda loud after 7pm tho during the week.First time trying it on Friday! Came in for a happy hour. Was served immediately and had good service for the whole time we were there. Not sure how it is when it gets crowded but if it does I can imagine it being a different type of atmosphere because it is very tiny. Our server was polite , and attentive . I'm sorry I can't remember his name but he wore a hat and said he was from North Carolina. Great guy! Thank you for a great experience!Small but adequate bar. Feels a bit off the beaten path although it's right on Market St.  $1 off all beer for happy hour. Touchtunes juke box and full menu (but we did not have food).  Our bartender was cool and the overall atmosphere was chill.  I think they get a dj in there on some nights -- not sure how that goes over.  
I keep this as a meeting place since suburbanites can walk over from the train or find decent/cheap parking close by.I only go on Tuesdays because that's when my favorite bartenders are working. The drinks are A-1 and the music is on point. It's always a nice, fun & hype crowd. Sometimes it's a bit crowded but most times it's just right. I haven't eaten here yet (no particular reason) but I've heard that the food was good. If ever you want to turn up on a Tuesday I definitely suggest hitting up Liberty.Came into Philly for a weekend vacation, and came to this bar on Saturday night. Sam (the all around man) was awesome! My friends and I are active duty Navy, he gave us shots for serving and joined us as well! I personally had the sweet chili wings (which were awesome) the fried pickles were great too! The rest of the gals got burgers and there was no complaints. I would definitely recommend you stop and try out this bar; Sam made sure we were well taken care of.Great service and delicious chicken fingers that are made in house. Very friendly bartender and a good place to watch sports. Would definitely go back.Excellent bar, the staff is friendly and the atmosphere is great. Try the Buffalo wigs, they are amazing!!!Just left here and the above information apparently is not correct. My tab for wings and craft beer was $15. My beer was very good but the wings were a disappointment. Won't be back.Staff was very friendly. The pulled pork sandwich special of the day was was awesome. No complaints about the food at all. Agree with the previous reviewers that it looks like a bar front the front but they have a small seating area in the back by the kitchen, we would of never known this if it wasn't for yelp. Would visit again.Just your basic pub, in a weird spot on Market Street.  It's really pretty nice inside despite its porn neighbor.  The bartender was attentive, and we never had to wait very long with an empty glass.  They are really into soccer so that was interesting considering the other sports that were playing that night.  Draft list is pretty basic.  People were eating, but we decided to go somewhere else for food because there were a lot of fruit flies around which made me question the food.Stopped by for a quick lunch lunch in our way to the Mutter Museum around the corner. The place was empty but the bar tender was super friendly. We ordered two beers,  gumbo and a turkey club which were both very good. Inside not much to look at, but we were not expecting much. Certainly not high end,  but a comfortable place for a few beers and basic bar type foods.  We would go back if in the area.Stopped in today for a football game for the second time after having an enjoyable experience at happy hour a few weeks ago. The weekend enviornment is different but nonetheless still great. 12$ special for wings and a pitcher of miller lite, can't beat that. Also had the fish tacos which were delicious. So glad I have made this one of my go to bars! Friendly staff, good food and cheap booze! Can't wait to get back in the future.This place has great food, from the burger to the buffalo Mac n cheese, I highly recommend stopping in for a beer and some food. Great bartenders who really take the time to get to know you, especially if your a local. On our second time in over the course of a month they remembered our names. Local corner bar with great food!This is a fun place. Very small but the staff is friendly, and it's a nice crowd of people, dj's play some great hip-hop/electronic music. The food is pretty good and best of all, everything is quite reasonably priced!  Bartenders are amazingly gorgeous, and very nice. Also if your a smartphone user, be sure to download "social pass" and when you check in you get a free shot with your beer purchase!!! I am fairly conservative with my willingness to give any place a five star rating so I give Liberty Bar 4/5 stars!One of the best bar I've ever been to and let me tell you why!
On February 4, 2018, we die-hard Eagles fan from DC drove up to Philly and watch the SuperBowl LII. We had reservation from another place but when we arrived in Philadelphia, we called that place to check-in and told us that they were booked even when we made reservation days before. Liberty Bar & Grill saved us! We found this place in Yelp and called them up before noon. I spoke to Kelsey and from our short conversation we knew this is the place we're going to see the game.
We arrived there a little before noon. We decided to not go anywhere. We  were the first ones to be at the bar and ate lunch there. Long story short, we had an amazing time and made our first SuperBowl win experience the best ever! Sam and Kelsey were the coolest and the best host! Even the security was awesome and saw me colored my hair green and he asked if he could as well! The place had games and prizes that engages with their customers! Also, had awesome drink specials and great half time buffet. I'll never forget this place even when Kelsey reminded me around 7PM when I was getting another beer that we were here in this place since noon! No way we were going to leave this place. We made lot of friends in this place, we partied like we knew each other for a long time. I'll never forget that.
We visited couple months later and stopped by and Sam still remember us!  Can't wait to go back again!
#GoBirds #FlyEaglesFlyStopped in here for lunch. It's small but the bartender was very friendly. Got wings and a black & blue burger. Both were amazing. I'll be stopping here again for sure.This place is an absolute dump. Crazies inside. Crazies outside. One normal person in the whole place. I looked up a sports bar near 30th Street Station to watch football before my train. Only true statement is sports because there was football on the TVs. Maybe it's cool at night but stay far far away while the sun is upTavern style (wood with character) bar with your basic line up of drinks. They used to have a fun quizzo night, with 1/2 price pizzas . They ended that, hence the loss of a star. Service is sometimes friendly, sometimes not so much. Food is ok. Owner is very friendly. Try the pizza and the fries, and you'll go home happy.Liberty Bar is definitely located in an odd spot but its a perfect neighborhood bar.  The bartenders are friendly, their food is great and they have amazing Blueberry Martini's. I've been there several times but most recently on a Wednesday. The place was pretty empty, ok it was dead.... six people total including the bartender, owner/chef, and the dj. The DJ was willing to play whatever you requested and kept playing songs that shocked us because we hadn't heard them in 10 years.. the kind of thing where you're like I LOVE this song but haven't thought of it since the '90's...   Its definitely a small bar but can be a good place to grab a bite to eat and talk without being bothered. For me its definitely a weeknight placeActually ended up here on the random...was in the neighborhood and it happened to be happy hour soo I stopped in to relieve myself of a hard day's work and to surprise this spot is pretty dope. 
I say that because 1. Center city bars usually are not my forte usually over priced drinks/food but here super reasonably priced, bartender was super nice which is rare nowadays and atmosphere felt good not outta place feelin like a lot of other spots in this area. 
I'm giving it 4 out of 5 stars because I didn't try the food which is pretty much finger/bar foods soo maybe next time....but everything  else is everything I want and need in a bar on the corner!!!! Definitely going back.Nice place, just a little loud on the music.  I guess young people are deafThe Liberty burger is awesome! Small place with a lot of personality, Mario kart was set up so I played a quick round. Good food, reasonable prices, interactive staff. Would recommend!Jay Marz and Sean Smoove are two of the best attractions in Philly. Liberty Bar is a must visit. Tell Jay Danny from New York sent ya.The music selection was tremendous. If you are looking for a quality, and cherished, North East Philadelphia bar experience in center city; this is the place to go. We had a lovely time debating whether which band is worse: Nickelback or Creed. Awesome time.I come in for lunch during the week. The lunch specials are great. Six bucks and they have a large selection and you get fries or salad included.  I have tried all their lunch specials and they are all good and filling to the point you don't even need dinner. The atmosphere is divey, but the food is great, prices responsible, and the staff is pleasant and quick. A really great hidden find.Honestly came in to use the restroom, but ended up loving the place, stayed for 2 hours. Great place!!! great energy!!! amazing owners, overall wonderful hospitalityI spent this past NFL Sunday at Liberty Bar and I was pleasantly surprised.  Wings were 20 for $10 which is an amazing deal and the rest of the menu was equally as affordable.  Best part is that that the food is actually very good.  The owner/chef Aristotle takes pride in his cooking and you can see him working hard in the back whippin' up the goodies.  We also tried the Greek Salad and Burger and Fries and both dishes were solid.  Add to that the $3 Yuenglings that were on special and it was overall a nice afternoon with some good football action.
The staff was friendly and as big a sports fans as we were.  They have RedZone for NFL fans that shows you all the key plays during NFL Sundays in real-time.  They also showed the other games playing locally on TV.  The place is small but cozy, and it was not super packed.  We were especially please with the comfortable bar seating, nice and comfortable!  haha!
I'll definitely be checking this place out more often for the great wings and the nice atmosphere. Enjoy.Place can be a little cleaner and updated but the service is great and the ambiance is on point! Did not try the foodGreat environment! The food here is super yummy, order the wings!Stopped by to have drinks and liked the small, intimate setting but yet set the tone for a fun, lively gathering. The bartender, Christopher, was super friendly and he invited us to play any sort of music we wanted to hear! Great drinks and great people here. It's a bit divey/sports bar but hey, what do you expect when you go get drinks at a bar, right? Loved it!From the outside, this place only looks like a bar. Yelp kept telling me the food menu was great but the outside left me wondering. However! Yelp did not lie and this is a solid place to grab lunch.
Located right around the corner from the Mutter Museum is Liberty Bar & Grill. Walk in, be greeted by a friendly bartender, and find a seat at the bar or in the back at a high-top. I love their chairs here...So comfy! The menu is your basic grill menu but they also have specials listed on a chalkboard. Their beer selection is lacking (especially since they consider Stella a craft beer) but they do offer more than Bud Light and Corona so it was acceptable. We started off with jalapeno poppers which were wrapped in bacon with a smidge of cream cheese. Delicious! Way better than the usual poppers that are filled with batter,
For our entree, we each had an order the of the blackened fish tacos. The fish was very fresh and the soft tortillas were nice and warm. The mango salsa on top complemented the other flavors perfectly. Definitely a hefty portion that will leave you feeling full. All this plus 2 beers for $32. Not bad!
Service is extremely friendly and they have a cool jukebox that you can control via your phone through an app.Myself and a friend went here a few months ago on a Saturday. My friend had went a few years ago and had a really good time there. Sure enough, I agree after attending.
It's a small bar with a small crowd, soccer games on every TV, two middle-aged DJs spinning, mixing and scratching their favorite vinyls.
It has a really nice ambience, inexpensive drinks and a comfortable crowd. The food smelled really good too. Definitely check it out, maybe as  a first stop on your crawl around Center City.Had heard this place served good food and yesterday was my first time there for comedy show and open mic. More than satisfied with diverse bar menu -- Beyond Meat burger was the bomb. I had it with sauce on the side. Fries were fabulous -- large and tender -- similar to Nathan's (Yes, I'm from Brooklyn originally.) Enjoyed red wine as well. Friendly service. I'll be back!First time in Philly and I gotta say Liberty Bar and Grill is a must! Epitome of "City of Brotherly Love" Our bartender J was the best bartender we've had in Philly. Philly's #1 Dive Bar, and it's because of people like J. Do yourself a favor and check this place out...and ask for the Philly specialI love Liberty Bar. This place is great! It's a sport bar, pub and dance club all mixed in one. The food and drink selection is great (I've never been to a pub where you can get a caipirinha @ the bar). In addition, Liberty has great music and DJs. Being a electronic music lover, I'm impressed that Liberty Bar attracts top talent from around the city and internationally to play this small gem on market street. Definitely make it a point to stop by and check it out!Is it a dive bar? maybe. Is it a neighborhood bar? Definitely. Should you check it out? Yes.  This is a great corner bar located a few blocks from the 30th street train station.  I had time to kill before catching my train and I was looking for a place to have a bite.  Liberty has lunch specials until 3pm M-F. Plus M-F happy hour.  Good BLT & beer. This a small narrow place and the regulars are always there.  I would definitely stop by next time in Philly.This place is amazing! Great food,affordable and absolutely beautiful. If your in the philly area, this is a place you don't want to miss.Amazing atmosphere, amazing grilled cheese, friendly employees, this place is a good time.Sam, the bartender, is such a fun guy to talk to. Really nice guy. Food is amazing. Try the piggy Mac and cheese. But you can't go wrong with anything hereAll of their food is homemade, which may not sound like a big deal, but try the chicken fingers and you'll see what I mean. The rest of their menu is amazing too. And the staff are great. A hidden gem in a city already bursting with good food and drink places.Jay makes this place unlike any other. Music is FIRE, ambiance is FIRE, the Philly Special is Fire. Gotta stop in for the best low key experience in Philly. Hands down a must visit if you're looking for a good time and cheap drinks!!Giving this a 5 star because I came here with my friends and they were scared about there only being African Americans in the bar (sorry about my friends). I think they were afraid of standing out. 
We left immediately and I felt like a jerk for being associated with them. Seemed like a nice spot, I came because I saw it was a sports bar.It was a little scary going to a bar next door to a porn theater, but also kind of intriguing.  Friends and I had been wanting to check this place out for a while, but it's location always deterred us (sketchy spot and a bit of a hike).  Until last Saturday.
A bit of a disappointment in that the bar isn't sketchy at all, just your standard small pub with a local feel.  Our group of 7 including a few loud drunk guys definitely brought some "life" to the place - the 3 other patrons probably weren't thrilled but the bartender seemed to get a kick out of us.  He was authentically Irish (cool accent), friendly (good attribute for a bartender), and made us his favorite shot, Bazooka Joe (good if you like bubblegum tasting shots).  He was definitely the best part of the bar.
Good little local place, but nothing stood out.  Probably won't go back just because it's out of the way and unremarkable.  But a solid place.Popped in here after a stop at Eastern State Pen and the Mutter. Very small inside but it worked.
Ordered some drinks and eats and since it was Happy Hour here it was dumb cheap-- me likey.
What me didn't likey was the fact that half our food was MIA bc the bartender forgot to put it in. She then also forgot the bucket of beer immediately after. Come on girly, lets get with it.  Fries came out wonderfully scorched and yes we asked for them that way. Caprese was surprisingly good for a dive bar, but the chili was a salt lick.
Not sure how much the bucket of nip rolling rocks were but there were 5 or 6 in it for around $10 i want to say? Overall, a solid dive on a Monday late afternoon.Stumbled upon this bar while apartment hunting, thought we'd stay for one beer but ended up staying for hours! The staff (especially Lee and Chris) are so friendly and amazing they sat and talked with us and really welcomed us to the neighborhood. Definitely will be coming here more often!So me and some friends went to Liberty Bar after work and it's fairly small but a nice atmosphere. The bartenders were great especially Chris and the staff was welcoming. My biggest complaint is the food was tainted. My friends and I had food poisoning. I would be happy if it was a hung over but no an upset stomach and illness was not a good sign.A practice of hand washing and making sure the food is properly handled would be great. UghThis place has a cute atmosphere. The bar is small and very "corner bar". You definitely feel comfortable here. 
They don't have wine, or Guinness...personally those are two of my favorite things, so it bugged me a little. 
I ordered the black & blue burger, it was terrible. I couldn't eat it. It was THAT bad. There was little to no blue cheese on it. It was disheartening because it sounded so good on the menu. 
My husband got their cheesesteak which was delicious, I even took a bite. I highly recommend getting that if you come here. 
The service was good, we were the only people here but it was still a nice quick dinner. I can't imagine how it would be on a busy night since it's so small. 
We might come back for cheesesteaks again if we're in the area.