Went in last night for a slice. Ended up not getting it because a roach was crawling around on the pizza. If there is a roach crawling around on top of the counter where they have their pizza out in the open, who knows what the fuck's crawling around in there? Ya dig?Working only a couple doors from Lickety Split.  I use to frequent there for lunch.  The pizza slices are frickin' HUGE, thin and gooey.  YUM.  Try the spicy fries w/ cheese another deserving YUMMM.  The bar upstairs USED to be tolerable when a certain somebody ran the bar and he provided me with entertainment.  But besides him the crowd is kind of iffy.  Plenty of late nights spent there after work, I've witnessed a couple of regulars that find the upstairs bathroom a great place to smoke crack.  YES crack.. If you've read some of my reviews.  I ask myself, why  must i always end up in places where the find their happy medium with the crack?!!  =)  Come for the food, stay for the cheap drinks, either that avoid the perverted crowd.Pros: GREAT PIZZA!!  Prices are pretty cheap for HUGE slices, you can get a beer with it too, also pretty reasonably priced.
Cons: While the guy who served me my pizza and my beer was very cool, there was an older guy who was pretty drunk, told me he was the owner, and then told me I was a piece of shit and to leave his establishment.  Apparently he is a pretty well known drunk who owns the place, but even though I work around the corner, and the pizza was slammin', I will never go back again.Only went upstairs - such a fun venue! Bartenders are friendly and entertaining, music is awesome.Get a slice (with toppings) with extra sauce on top and a fork and a knife. 
And a beer.
Lorenzo's is okay once in awhile, but this should be your regular place for a slice.I had an awesome afternoon throwing back drinks with my mom and stepdad when we visited Philadelphia for a wedding awhile back.   My stepdad set up shop here and drank about a billion PBR drafts while my mom and I went shopping.  We met up with him there after and I had the Philadelphia Ice Tea and a seriously huge slice of pizza that was so good I ate it all.   Then I played a few rounds of erotic photo hunt on the game machine with my mom, which is my idea of a great afternoon.I hate this place so much, it just sucks all around. Fitting nickname the locals call "lickety shit." They actually lock their bathrooms, so non-customers can't use it. How are you going to have a BAR, and lock the doors, that's just cruel. They have a shitty comedy night, where they won't even let you in to see the hacks if you don't order two drinks off the bat. This isn't the improv. This bar is just sad, you can always see two people who stumbled in by accident, poor people.
So apparrently John Tafferty came in to do his Bar Rescue on this place, which is happening now. I've had nothing but bad experiences here. Once all the hype dies down, maybe this place will close, and they can use the location for something decent. This place will not get my patronage.I visited Philadelphia this weekend with extended family and new friends for a graduation ceremony there.  I've always wanted to try Phlly Cheesesteaks, and I had heard about Ginos and Jim's.  One local whom we met on Walnut Street  recommended that we eat at Jim's on 4th and South.  However, Jim's had a huge line there, and we were pressed for time.  So we went right across the street to LIckety Split.  
UPDATE:  I have now been to two other cheesteak places:  Campos on Market and Jim's across the street.  This place was best.  
But still...pizza or a premium hamburger trumps a cheesesteak.
Here are my assessment of this place:
CONS:  The place is a local bar with a trashy blue-collar feel to it.  They have offensively-named drinks such as "Pink V*gina".  This place is secondarily a restaurant.  
PROS:  We all loved our Philly Steak and Cheese with onions sandwhich.  It didn't come with au jus, however, which is fine.  It was seasoned, spicy, and nice tasting.  I actually liked the food a lot.  However, I have no other Philly Cheesesteak which to compare it to.  I only have the ambience in which to make my comparison, and I wasn' too impressed with that at all.awful. terrible service, worse food. stay awayI've been to Lickety Split a couple of times for events to support friends of mine, but that's the only reason I would ever go there. 
The atmosphere is crummy, including occasional roaches and an overall dingy appearance. The drinks are decent but there's a sign behind the upstairs bar, under the largest TV, that's always put me off. It says that bartenders remember bad tippers, and "if you want to be cheap, stay home and drink!" The sign also has moments where it actually says - if you seem like you don't tip enough - you will be ignored, get weak drinks when you even get a chance to order, and it's implied that you should leave the bar "because you might be taking up a seat that a good tipper might sit in." 
I've never seen an establishment that hated customers so much; a bar that doesn't want business if it's not going to make a large extra amount of money each night... how do they get repeat customers? This place doesn't even pretend to care about anything other than your money, but you'd think they would at least try to make Lickety Split look better to draw in more people. Every time I go, it's pretty dead and they'd have less than 5-10 people come in the entire night if it wasn't for the events going on. The customer service is okay I guess but the bartender isn't as attentive to you as he should be, unless you're currently the biggest spender at the bar.
The drinks are fine and I haven't had any of the food, but I've seen one or two other people order food and they seem to get pretty good amounts. Once I saw roaches skittering around I decided I would never get anything other than drinks here.
Prices are average for most things here and a little high on some other things.I was here on the 16th from about midnight-close, but, I still have to keep it a little bit at 3 stars. 
Why?
Ghetto vibe and weak mixed drinks. First is self-explanatory, but, I paid $5-8 for vodka and whiskey stuffz. I drank atleast 4-5. Barely a buzz. 
I will say the bartenders upstairs were great and efficient the entire night, though.My favourite go to place for a slice or cheesesteak. The slice's are huge and great value at just $3, and this is also my go to place for a cheesesteak, quite the compliment if you consider there are at least a dozen other options within a few blocks.
Bartenders are friendly too and they always seem to have a good special running. I don't go upstairs often, but there are loads of TV's a decent size bar and all the usual beverage options. Downstairs has table service and a bar with HD TV. The pizza counter is cash only, but there is an ATM at the door, bar accepts credit cards.
Go in for a slice or a steak, ask for Stu and tell him Neil sent ya ;-)If you need a qucik slice that isn't covered in rivers of grease, this is where you go.  Big slices, actual spices and good flavors.It's a good place to get a booze (or more). The food just ok. can't complain with their reasonable price.
They have live music on weekend but sometimes this place is too packed with musicians.When the Phillies play the Mets and the Phillies get SPANKED your bets must be paid...
The original plan was to take our Mets fan friend for cheesesteaks if his team won and vice versa. Well, Sunday was a blow out. Not only was the weather bad, the Phillies sucked too (can we get it together guys? Losing to the Mets is probably the worst thing ever). Being a Bella Vista girl, I recommended we scoot over to Jim's to make good on our bet. Cut to me not realizing it's a Sunday afternoon and the Phillies had a home game that most people left early and the line was around the corner! 
I'll pass on sitting in the humidity and just head on over to Lickety Split. That was a good plan! I didn't partake in the cheesesteaks but the guys did and they didn't last long. Perfectly chopped steak with a ton of onions, peppers and mushrooms. And this place has mixed drinks for me, which I needed after the loss. lol. 
If you don't feel like waiting in line at Jim's, this place is a solid second place finisher for this area of town. We'll be back for sure, I just want to be there celebrating not sobbing. lol.Went to the upstairs bar, has dive bar prices without the divey atmosphere, the place is actually relatively clean and nice. staff are friendly, there seem to be a lot of regulars. Pretty diverse crowd, I really like this place as a chill hang out bar.. pizza looked decent but I did not try.I'm obsessed with the CITYWIDE! For $5 we got a PBR tallboy and a shot of jim beam! Our bartender was awesome, he booty danced with me when we left him to drink upstairs. he lured us back down with his charm and his intense bitternes over his super loaded ex-girlfriend. Also some dumbgirl sitting next to us had a guy buy her a drink and she ordered a coors light. SERIOUSLY? A coors light when they have a drink called the blue veiny monster at the bar?! Ugh idiot. She also left without actually drinking her beer so awesome bartender gave us her beer. ALSO he only charged us for one round of citywides. pretty much bombass.I'm writing this based on service because if I had to deal with me tonight, I would have laughed in my own face(if that was at all possible).  I ordered something for take out, got home, opened the box and didn't like the way it looked(I know, i know) so I called and they told me to bring it back, which I did and they gave me my money back.  I truly appreciate places that still value good customer service and these peeps do!  I'm so sorry to the pizza guy for being a pizza snob:-)My boyfriend and I went to an Open Mic Comedy Show (upstairs) over the summer and we will never go back again.  We had a few drinks before we went in there and after 3 or 4 Miller Lite bottles each and a round of shots (that the bar tender said were on her) we were ready for our tab.  It was as if the bar tender was trying to pull something on us because our tab came to be about sixty four dollars or so.  I gave her my card before I knew what the price of the tab was (partly my own fault) because I had trusted that it would be correct (mostly because I am a waitress myself).  When I got the receipt to sign for the bill I was confused on why the tab was so high, so we asked to see the itemized copy of the receipt.  We saw that she had given us the wrong tab (a thirty something difference) and when we asked about it, she could not gave us a straight answer as she fumbled out her words.  Let's just say we will not be visiting this establishment again.  The Comedy Show was pretty funny though.  If I would have known about this site before, I would have written this MUCH earlier.Fun times! Came here to see my friend Kevin's band, The Natural Result (http://www.myspace.com/thenaturalresult), and even though the upstairs bar space where they were playing seemed to be a bit crowded, the view from my seat was decent, and the bartender was very nice.  They do, however, enforce a very strict tipping policy or they threaten to weaken your drinks and worsen your service.  Definitely scares customers into tipping, doesn't it?  They have quite a selection of drinks, including Hardcore Cider (a lot like Strongbow) which I tried for the first time and I loved it!  Hope to come back and perform there!I was upstairs, it was a weeknight. My boyfriend and I got relatively tipsy on about $15.
They played Frankie Beverly and Maze. I sang.
'twas good.Went on a Friday night to hear Kristin Lucille play a few acoustic sets. First things first. Kristin was awesome and if you haven't heard her...you should. Funky blues, rock, soul with great range. 
This is a cool laid back bar with fantastic pizza. We shared a Louisiana and it was perfect. Good sauce, good cheese and good spices with chicken and peppers. Left overstuffed. Drink specials were reasonable. Definitely going back for more.It's a pizza shop with a liquor license.  I like that in a pizza shop.  Back in the day, Lickety Split used to be Pomodoro's.  It's better now.  If not just for the icon of a girl licking a cherry on the exterior.  The pizza slices are HUGE.  Like mammoth.  They have cheesesteaks, hoagies, all sorts of artery clogging Philly food. They also have vegan chile, so it's not all bad.
Lickety Split's upstairs bar does really cheap drink specials.  Shots of Jameson for $3.  I'd rather that than the citywide Jim and PBR for the same price.  I saw they were doing $2 shots of Jaeger today.  I hate Jaeger, but if you like it that's durn cheap.  Also, they do a dinner special with a samwich and domestic pint for 9.95.  Which is good since Yard's is one of their domestics.
I think they do music and open mic upstairs at night because I can hear the sounds coming through the window onto South Street.  It sounded like something I would want to avoid.I had a fun night here the other night, but the atmosphere is pretty awful.  No character at all.  However, for being on south street it's a solid place to go into.  They had some pretty good specials, and we ordered garlic bread which was good (although kinda hard to not be good.)  
It's NOT a destination spot, but if you'd like a cheap drink stop in!The friend's band The Great SOCIO plays Lickety Split and hosts an open jam there in the upstairs lounge. The bartenders are awesome. My drinks are always delicious. There's plenty of adequate seating to eat, drink, and watch bands... Best of all, the food is incredible! The specialty pizzas are great and the cheese fries are the best I've had in Philly. :) Definitely my favorite bar thus far on South Street!I've been to Lickety Split a couple of times now, mostly to see friends' bands play the tiny upstairs stage.  They have a good selection of beers, for good prices.  Other than that, I'm not sure it's a place I'd ever go otherwise. One of these days I do need to try the pizza.
Basically it's a pizza shop downstairs and a bar upstairs.  They have bands, djs, and open mic nights regularly. Decor is pretty minimal, mostly beer lights and menu boards.  Most of the seating is at the bar, though there are a few tables.
The food has been  pretty consistently good.  The fries when I've had them have been perfectly cooked, though clearly frozen.  A chicken cheesesteak I had was a step up from many shops, with identifiable chunks of chicken and a good amount of cheese.
They staff is almost always efficient and friendly.  The last time I was there a friend got served a stale beer, and without hesitation they cleared a pitchers worth of beer from the lines, checked the taste and served him a fresh pint.I've been to Lickety Split several times for food & drinks while on South Street -- love the Pizza!  Huge slices -- Damn, Philly is awesome!Went to this spot for drinks in between shows at the Shubin Friday night. The first time we were there that night we had drinks (kinda expensive wine at $8.00 per glass) and the Spicy Fries. The fries were delicious.
The second time we were there, hubby ordered a slice of pizza with sausage. It was HUGE! You needed 2 plates to hold it.
OK...I'm from Los Angeles, been here 7+ years and have not found a good slice of pizza yet. I found it at Lickety Split. Thin crust, perfect amount of toppings. I fell in love and wish they delivered to Abington.Although I had come to see my friend Kevin's old band (The Natural Result) perform here last year, I hadn't had a chance to give the food a shot. Very late on a Friday night during Equality Forum weekend, some of my new acquaintances and I (plus a good friend) headed over to the Lickety Split at my suggestion to watch the Josh and Pete Band (my co-worker's band) perform.  Their set was delayed by about 45 minutes; they were supposed to go on at midnight, but until they went on, we sat downstairs and grabbed a bite (we were STARVING and the food really did the trick--they even had something to satisfy one member of the group who was a vegan!) and then headed upstairs to watch J&P perform--the upstairs performance area is especially great for smaller scale bands, even though J&P is a 4-piece band, and despite some issues with sound, they rocked it as usual.  Highly recommended if you're visiting Philly and aren't in town for too long!Went here on a wednesday night right before a concert at the TLA. I caught the sixers opener on their screens. Quiet diverse bar. Bartender was friendly. There's seating at the bar and at tables. There is also a 2nd floor. Beers were average priced. $5 for a Yards draft. The food really sucked. I got a BBQ chicken pizza it was really undercooked and doughy. I wanted to goto lorenzos but they werent showing the sixers game and they had no where to sit. They had an open mic upstairs but you could still hear it from downstairs. Kinda annoying bc we were trying to catch the game. I would comeback here to pregame again before a concert at the TLA but i would choose elsewhere to eat (especially all the great food places on south st )Hey, Don't judge me. I've had fun upstairs at night. It's a good spot, it's got drinks!Lickety Split has the distinct difficulty of balancing a local clientel while catering to the joys of out-of-towners-on-South. I don't dislike it here, but I never think to come.
The best time I had here was seeing a band called The Meta. It was in the upstairs bar, which was cozy but big enough to support a crowd. The lighting is strange, its dark and orangey-pink which lends to a cool vibe. The bartenders upstairs are always attentive and nice that it is a shame the drinks are WAY over priced. 6 bucks for a city wide? No no no. 
I also came here after the Easter Zombie Bar Crawl and the staff definitely got into it and played along. They had some drink specials...but they were still bad.
At the end of it all, I consider this a mild bar. Soft enough for a group but not the place I want to go out with my friends too. I'll try eating there and maybe I'll have a different opinion.Here in Philly on vacation. Just had the best pizza and best Philly cheese steak I have ever eaten! Crust was incredible on pizza  and the  steak was really tender and cooked to perfection! Great staff too! Highly recommend!Checked out LS before a show at the TLA and was pleasantly surprised. Downstairs has the vibe of a laid back pizza place, but with some class. There is a counter you can sit at and eat/drink which doubles as a bar. Upstairs is a more traditional bar with a small stage at the front of the room where music acts perform. I stayed downstairs but I would definitely  go back here to enjoy a drink or two. 
One awesome thing about this place is the size of the pizza slices. Honestly they are the largest slices I've ever seen in  my life - you have to see them to believe it!Really fun place, something is always happening here, live music and comedy up stares, the pizza is to die for, and the owner Tommy is amazing and funnyWith God as my witness, I will NEVER eat Lorenzo's pizza again.  You know, unless it's after 2 AM and I'm on South...and then I just deserve shitty pizza.
This place is a victim of its name, I think.  I mean, really?  Lickety Split?  On South Street?  If that doesn't scream "sketchy douche", I don't know what does.  I never would have ever walked in here if a boy hadn't invited me for a "going away thing".  I was surprised at the bar choice, since dude seemed much more like a Tattooed Mom's type.  I mean, the upstairs isn't anything amazing, but the DJ played a bunch of superrad punk rockandroll, with an interlude of the King of Pop (RIP).  Much better than what I was expecting.
That visit was also the first time I ever realized this place has fucking food.  Who knew?  The slice looked pretty tasty, so a couple days later I popped in to check it out.  Hmmm....that chicken and veggie looks rather good.  I'll probably get anally raped on the price, but let's give it a try.  What's that?  $3?  $3?  For a slice that is way bigger slash more delicious than Lorenzo's AND it has toppings?  AND they have a bunch of different yummy looking pies by the slice?  Sheeeeeit.  I found my new lunch/dinner go to.  Seriously, the pizza is really good, cheap, and huge.  
Combine all of this with the skeevy dudes sitting outside hollering at girls, the slutty chicks inside taking pictures of their underwear, and drunk bartenders stumbling around with a bottle in each hand, and I can't help but think this is where actual Philly people come.  Or at least the ones who seem brazenly awesome.
And as mentioned, six packs to go, y'all!  I'm actually kind of glad Lickety Split has such a shitty name now; it can continue being a well kept secret!Nice spot. The owner is cool. A bit expensive on the beer costs. The philly cheese steak was AMAZING!
Evertime we exited the building a jamacian man tried to sell us weed (he forgot us every time ).. but other than that the spot is cool.Came here and got cheesy fries and mozzarella sticks. My friends got a medium barbecue chicken pizza.
The cheesy fries were so good. And they used cheese whiz. Mm cheese whiz. The mozzarella sticks were nothing special. Tasted like the frozen grocery store kind.
Their medium pizza was definitely the size of a normal large pizza. BBQ chicken pizza tasted decent.This place is pretty cool. 
Located in the middle of South Street, it's an inexpensive, no-nonsense pizza bar. 
I had the cheesesteak and fries. Not bad at all and super cheap. 
Full bar and drink specials, although I did not indulge on this occasion. They also have an upstairs bar area and it appears that bands perform. Very dive bar type of atmosphere so if you hate that, go elsewhere
I like it and will be back when in Philly.If their name is referring to the speed with which food is served, I'd say they'd better change their name. It seemed to take an awfully long time to get 2 cheesesteaks, mozzarella sticks, chicken fingers and fries. Our drinks were forgotten. The cheesesteaks were mediocre -- greasy meat, soggy rolls, and american cheese. The fries were their one redeeming item. They were EXCELLENT,  some of the best I've ever tasted -- piping hot, crisp outside and soft inside. This place would do in a pinch, but except for the fries there it was nothing to write home about.
Edit: This review refers to the downstairs place. I did not venture upstairs to the bar.this place has an upstairs and downstairs bar. the upstairs one is quite small but they have live bands which is pretty cool. bathrooms  contain a collage of writings upon just about every surface. drink prices are pretty inexpensive and the nite i was there it was verrry crowded, standing room only. downstairs they sell massive slices of pizza.Really love this place bartender downstairs is a sweetheart 
Owner is nice, everything I ever order is always very goodKeepin it at tres until I actually spend an evening there. My friend wanted to grab lunch so I agreed on here with her. I always heard their vodka pizza was good, but, did not see it by the slice so I just ordered buffalo shrimp and an order of fries. Decently priced, but, the service was a little slow. Great food.This is a reliable and fun bar to visit.  The drinks are good, the staff is attentive and the ambiance is usually good.  On at least two Fridays we have enjoyed a jazz duo during Happy Hour and we stopped by last night for a drink because we heard a band from the street.  They were old school rock and were fantastic.   As far as food, we've had pizza and other stuff on their menu (sliders, mozzarella/garlic bread, veggie chili) and it's pretty good for bar food.  I like that their menu goes beyond standard fried food bar fare.  Great place to visit before a show at the TLA.After working most of day, It was time to head our for cheesesteaks and not the cheezwhiz filled kind. Mind you Philly was 18" deep in snow and counting. So after not seeing a cab, we took off for a walk. That sucked cuz all i had were three shirts and a towel(hat). We stopped here. No Jim;s or Ishcabibble open. 
I think the beer and whiskey for $4 might have bee reason the "advance" team popped in. I say cuz it was right across street from original destination.
I went with a slice of pie(pizza). It was like any other one can get in North Beach. Large cheese and taste. I got talked into/made to have the aforementioned special as a boilermaker. So down went PBR and well whiskey. I am told the cheesesteak was good here. It's a sense of bride with all places serving these sandwiches. It seemed a popluar place that day with a few people chowing down before a pub crawl.
I can see this place as a stop in if shopping.I love, love, love lickety split!  reasonable prices and awesome drunk food aside, nearly every night I've been there, there was live music upstairs.
I live in NY now and I keep trying to find a watering hole that is as good as Lickety.
Don't worry yelpers, I'll let you know when I do ; )Mixed feelings on this place. Its 2nd state now.
 1. The pizza is awesome. Basically nyc style with lorenzo size.
2. The drinks are inconsistent in price byt well made. i had the same cocktail twice in a row from the same bartender. She was nice but the first time it was 7.00 and the next time it was 8.00
3. I guess this is open to interpretation but lets just say i interpreted it as rude and disrespectful. After i had pizza, i threw away my plate and asked the OWNER if they had a recycling bin for my water bottle. He took it from my hand and said "oh yeah, we have a recycling company" and then proceeded to throw the bottle into the trash can in front of me, while still looking me in the eye. So Effing rude.upstairs i saw a fantastic band.great pizza,cheap drinks!!The bar tending was fine, the bartenders were actually pretty cool, but the place its self is a bit shit.  If you have any minor dust allergy you will notice it in there.  Also my hand got stuck to the bar.  They definitely don't clean very regularly.
Basically dive atmosphere, mid range prices, a little over optimistic on events, overall not a bad spot, but you can definitely do better.This place is pretty chill, especially the upstairs part, and it's one of the only places on South Street that I could find that sells six packs. However, it's filthy. The bar upstairs is sticky with an inch-high slime-like substance that has clearly been there for years. I wonder if they have even wiped the counters down once since they opened the place. The beer selection mostly sucks. Not really much good to say about this place, except it wasn't too crowded and we were able to find a bar seat, although I wish we hadn't... my elbows would have stayed unsticky.Probably the best pizza in the city. The sauce to cheese ratio is perfect! And you can not beat a medium pizza for $10. All their food is really good and cheap.
Plus its a great place for an open mic night on the weekends. The bartenders are pretty good and attentive. Plus they always have drink specials...like a pbr and a shot of wild turkey for $5.We were a couple sheets to the wind already when our party of four entered here, but it looked like the bottom area served pizza and the upstairs was a lot more drinks than food. The DJ was playing good music, it was just the right amount of crowded, and the bartenders poured some dang good cocktails.
The cocktail menu had so many things that I wanted to try on it-- I wish we would've started the evening here and been able to do so. There were some raunchy/spicy names for cocktails, depending on how you look at it, combined with the logo and the name, so this is not really a kid-friendly place. The cocktails were full of multiple types of liquor with just the smallest amount of mixer but still tasted good, which to me, is what a cocktail should be.
We enjoyed bar-stool dancing and reading the passive aggressive signs for bad tippers. This will be the first bar I go to next time I'm in Philly.Employees were friendly....cops eating inside is always a good sign....but it was so hot outside and it was even hotter inside! Not bad but I can't say there was  anything was extra special.My friends and I were here only because the line of Jim's Steaks were out the door and too ridiculous for us to wait.
We're from NY and my friend was in search of the PERFECT PHILLY CHEESE STEAK.  
Actually I don't really care for meat-I am a seafood lover, so whatever....
We walked around hours trying to find some place that served Philly Cheese steak, but most places looked really sketchy.  So when we finally decided on Jim's, I was already too exhausted from our trip to Philly for me to find another place.  
I just told my friend let's go somewhere within the vicinity because I am too exhausted to go anywhere.
So this is how we ended up here.
My friend ordered Ice Tea----has society became so lazy that we can no longer brew tea?
I am sorry, but my friend and I likes REAL ICE TEA, not INSTANT NESTEA TEA!
What else the water tasted funny there, perhaps I used to NY water.
Moving on....Spicy fries were good though.  
The Philly cheese steak-not great and not bad....but hey what do I know.  I never had one, but I can say the texture of the bread was nice, and soft to chew.
I can't really judge a cheese steak-I mean I can tell the difference between a bad pate from a good pate, good sashimi from a bad sashimi, but not a cheese steak.
Since in my opinion, it's just another greasy sandwich.I love this place! This is my fav place to hang out with my daughter. We hang out upstairs and look out the window at all the people going by and laughing at the people in line to taste the nasty steaks from Jims. The pizza are massive and taste so good! They also have great bruchetta!!! My daughter drinks soda while I enjoy my bud light lime or a creation from 1 of the bartenders. There's always good music playing. It would be 5 stars but their bathroom are not the best and I don't like that you can only sit upstairs if you are going to spend more then $10.00.Had a cheese steak there today because Jim's line was too long. It was the worst thing I have ever had to eat. The meat must have been old, had a very strong acid (like puke) and rotten taste. I ate one bite, paid for it and left. 
They may be good for pizza based on the reviews below but this was the absolute worst cheese steak ever in the history of the world.The Vegan Chili is freaking awesome! And this is coming from a carnivore.  They prices are a hell of a lot better than most on South St. The pizza is great too. The wait-staff was friendly and personable. Best part, you can laugh at all the people waiting in line in the cold across the street, while you're eating a better cheese-steak!When it comes to Pizza on South Street screw Lorenzo's. Lickety Split has bigger slices, it is a lot roomier, doesn't have as big of a line of people waiting, and it has a bar upstairs. The bar regulars can be pretty shady sometimes, but if you've been to dive bars directly on South Street then you're used to it being the theme. A lot of the deals can be worth it though.
Sometimes Lickety Split has a live music performance, a DJ, and an Open Mic night. the sound is pretty much what you would expect from a pizza joint/dive bar - very horrible. but a lot of the musicians can be worth checking out.