I love this restaurant so much! The chocolate chip waffles with strawberries are my guilty pleasure. And Cathy is the most amazing server ever! We always ask for her!I live nearby and go here once a week for takeout. Their specials are a great value and food is generally well prepared and consistent with a huge selection. I love their baked macaroni and most other side dishes. 
It's listed as wheelchair accessible by I can't find a way to get in with my power chair. Past the first glass door is a vending machine and I can't squeeze around it. Maybe a narrow wheelchair can fit. The outside seating is quite comfortable and a definite draw during the summer.Full disclosure, never been here before 2am (and sober). 
REGARDLESS, this place is damn good. Four stars because it's cash only, which of course can be inconvenient at times. But with the existence of apps like venmo and square (and they even have an ATM for a fee) problems like that are a quick fix. Bathroom is kinda small as well, but it gets the job done. 
The wait is never long to be seated, even if there outwardly appears to be a line outside. Once seated, the staff treats you well and doesn't hesitate to take care of whatever is needed at your table. Yet, they're also not overbearing to the point that you feel rushed (which is crucial obv when you're trying to rehash those late night stories with friends). I always find myself making friends with the waitress, but that could just be my nature who knows. 
The food: definitely good portions for a pretty standard breakfast affair. The number of options on the menu is what really stands out. And it sure doesn't take long to get to you. They're really good about fixing something that comes out wrong, and I remember specifically basically getting two whole breakfasts one night because I got the wrong cheese on an omelette. I almost cried I was so happy. 
Space is limited at booths so be ready to cram it in if you've got more than 4 ppl together. 
It's always a good time when I've gone and I'm looking forward to the next time I go back. Whenever I end up at Lil Pete's...I know it's been a great night.It's a great classic diner with traditional diner food, delicious desserts and great service. It's consistent which I really appreciate. I've been to a number of diners in the city...Melrose, the old Broad St. Diner, the new Broad St. Diner, South Street Diner, Teri's, etc... and I regret not going to Little Pete's every time. The one in Center City is good too but the one on Fairmount is larger and has a bar. I had the most indulgent piece of rich chocolate cake last time I was there and it was heavenly. You also can't go wrong getting breakfast any time of the day. That's usually what I go to diners for anyway.I hope they open their new location somewhere close to Rittenhouse square. So close to me, I know nothing about Philly, Little Pete did show me some comfort time. The owner guy was always at the counter and he was nice. The waitress ladies seemed tough but they were actually very friendly and attentive. 
I had couple dishes there since I got my breakfast there couple times. 
Loved their greek salad, this was so big that I always had left over and ate later. 
Their omelet was pretty good. Fluffy and yum. 
The egg sandwich, I liked it very much! They gave you so much egg and it was delicious. My go to breakfast awhile. 
Their French fries!!!! Crispy and just perfect with mayo. The waitress ladies remembered me and packed mayo with my fries even I did not ask for. 
I like to have this comfy diner right next me. Sad to see them leaving.  We don't have many diners in center city though.I yelped "brunch" before coming to "Philly" and it guided me to here. 
This cute little corner diner restaurant was literally across the street from the hotel that I was staying in. 
Came in for breakfast around 10am and was seated immediately.
The menu is very straight forward with the basic home-cooked meals.
They have specials and deals based on what day you come in.
There is a mixture of locals and tourists.
We ended up getting the Belgium waffle and the Tuesday special omelet.
The special omelet comes with coffee and toast. I think the coffee comes with free refills-I'm not a coffee drinker so didn't pay attention.
Great place and would definitely come again if in Philly!Staff was extremely welcoming. Gave off the perfect diner vibes. It was a very cute little place! Food wasn't the best diner food I've had but it was only my first time there and I got chicken fingers. Will definitely be back in the future to try their breakfast! Not a lot of seating inside, but the group I was with had a great time.I hear this place is closing permanently soon. What a shame! The food is awesome, the staff is dedicated and the pricing is fabulously fair. I enjoyed breakfast after clubbing closeby. There were plenty of colorful patrons from different walks of life. I met a federal agent, a limo driver and a medical grad student from Penn...diversity at it's best!Warm and friendly. Had the beef brisket sandwich and it was wonderful. Nice quaint place without the fuss but with the charm.Solid diner food. Huge menu, low prices. There average age of the patrons is probably over 55. We had been walking around in the cold for several hours and were thrilled to stumble upon this place for some warm food. We all ordered different things and were happy with our meals. The lunch special is a particularly good value. This is definitely not a gourmet establishment, but they make a lot of different things and seem to do everything pretty well. Service was good as well.I'm not dumb, I know what goes on in any establishment that cooks and serves food, from the shittiest diner to the classiest restaurant. And it doesn't bother me, hey...if it doesn't kill ya, it only makes you stronger. That being said, don't use the bathroom here. It's a glimpse into a world that you just don't want to see.
The food was pretty damn good and the service was reasonable. They didn't even bitch when we had to put a chair at the end of our booth for a 5th person on a really busy lunch hour. Kinda pricey for a "diner" tho, i guess that has more to do with location than anything.This place is awsome. Best breakfast I have ever put to my lips. I personally would recommend French toast, bacon, homefries although the steak and eggs is extremely good. I have brought all friends and family here. 
My top 5 favorite breakfast spots.Little Pete's is a great spot for late night food after a night out. I think it's kind of cute inside too! It feels like you've gone back in time a bit. It also looked really clean to me, which was surprising. I had a scrapple egg and cheese sandwich and it was absolutely perfect. The waitress was really friendly too. 
I arrived there around 1:30 in the morning and we were able to get seats at the counter immediately. By the time we were ready to leave though, there was a line out the door. Definitely keep that in mind if you're hungry :DGreat service. I made a mistake in ordering and they generously put a new order in. The go to sandwich for me when really hungry: the Reuben sandwich. Get it with a side of fries and you can't miss.Its been a few years since I've been to Little Pete's but I always loved going for 4th or 5th meal, breakfast, or lunch.  Sit at the counter-- it is  a blast. My favorite part about Little Pete's - aside from the great, cheap diner food- is going to the restroom. You actually get to walk through the kitchen! Wow!The service is great. Most of the serve staff are Philadelphia natives who have worked at little Petes for a while. 
This is one of the only places to get food late night around rittenhouse square so it's always filled with drunk Penn students. 
The food is mediocre and they don't take credit card.The sun is starting to come up, the birds are starting to chirp.... after a night full of bad decisions you throw in the towel and go to little pete's.
CONS:
The coffee is bad
The service is hit or miss, with odds strongly in favor of miss
PROS:
You're probably still too drunk to care.Cash only here
This place is adorable and the service is quick and friendly and attentive. There is a circular bar that you can sit at and they were serving breakfast and lunch when we got there at 12. If you don't want to sit at the little bar you can sit and some of the surrounding tables.  We ordered waffles with ice cream, eggs and pancakes, and coffee. The bill came to 22. We really enjoyed this place and will definitely be back.Little Pete's is simply adorable. It's definitely one of the coziest places I've eaten at in the city. And more importantly, it's one of the cheapest meals I've had in the city. Breakfast for two came to $20 which is pretty much unheard of in Rittenhouse Square. 
Pete's is cash only and has a 'two or more people to a booth' rule. No friends? No problem! There's a little island in the middle of the restaurant for a party of one. They also have take-out and free delivery. As far as the food is concerned, it's great. As a girl who could eat breakfast food at any time during the day, I was extremely happy with my omelet and the well done orders of pork roll these guys were churning out. And they get extra points for keeping my coffee piping hot with perfectly timed refills. 
I think I definitely found a new breakfast joint.Small diner with booths and a wrap around counter .  Food was fine; service good.  If you want breakfast at any hour or basic comfort food this is the place for you.  I'll be back again.  CASH only.A classic little diner; dive decor, decent food served hot, decent coffee, and reasonable prices.  Unlike some of the other reviewers, we found the service to be good, they even did a good job handling some jerk who went on a loud rant about dogs in public places when a woman brought in her clearly marked (and well trained) service dog.  Not a bad place overall, but don't expect anything fancy.Unfortunately, I'm a little late to the party, as I may have just enjoyed a lunch at Little Pete's just in time to wish it a fond farewell. Seemingly inches away from my mother's apartment in the city, we couldn't pick a better spot when one wanted eggs and the other was craving a gyro... One stop shopping.  Her eggs were cooked perfectly, the toast was the right shade of toasted, and the coffee refills were plentiful. My gyro was fully loaded and quite tasty, great portion size for a first meal that starts after noon (or a fourth meal at 1am).
Sure, it's cash only. SURE, they serve steak fries and I hate them the most of all serving methods of potatoes. But, when in doubt, substitute hash browns and hit the ATM. Because these eats are worth a trip. Affordable, open 24/7, and SUPER conveniently located. The homefries are ON POINT, the nostalgia levels are off the charts, and I really don't have any complaints. That said, to give this five stars would be doing an injustice to other establishments that have blown me away.... so 4 it is.Had breakfast here. It was OK. Actually, the food was pretty bland. I had an omelet and home fries. No taste. Service was fine, and seats at 7:30 on a Friday morning were plentiful, but it was basically just food.my chicken fingers came with a giant live cockroach as big as the chicken finger. it crawled out of the bag and attacked us while we were already eating. It makes me sick thinking about it. I would not recommend Little Pete's to anyone. Ever.Ate breakfast here and more than anything, I love that it is a thriving neighborhood, independent joint. Breakfast food was all good, served up quickly, with a smile to boot.Honestly one of the best roast pork sandwiches I've had in the city. Waitress was kind of short but definitely didn't ruin the experience. Kind of hard to find though, have to go down steps. Will be back to try breakfast!!Went to the art museum and did not want to move the car.. Walked with a group of people. Loved the Greek food and the daily specials. Lemon Meringue pie was so good, which came with the greed special. Will take others there for the breakfast or Greek food. Of course there are Greek owners.
Very fun to watch the rodents of the building come out to dinner on a cold night.. Think we were the youngest ones in the place besides the waitstaff!! Good people watching them wear styles from 20 years ago.. Oh well I wonder what I will ge like when I am 80 years old...This place is no nonsense diner food. Quality is good prices are fair given the amount and quality you're getting. Pancakes are fluffy, coffee is good and service is very friendly. No hipster ambiance, no talk about "free range fair trade croissants", just good food that's served around the clock. Not a place i'd put on must visit in Philly but a place I keep coming back to.Amazed by the amount of food u get with a dinner special ( soup, salad, dessert ) Oh my! Everything was excellent!! I'm new to the area and I think I've just found my new favorite place :) I love the outside seating too! My husband and I stopped for a snack while walking our dog and none of the staff gave us a problem about our dog being at the table with like most place would. Top-notch service and great food!Jetlagged and hungry @ 5am...
Its a little place on the corner of S. 17th and Rittenhouse... Open 24/7 and serves breakfast around the clock.. Prices are decent.. Food came out quick. Service was friendly.Little Pete's may fall to make space for a luxury boutique hotel saddened and excited me at the same time. It would be heartbreaking that the original Little Pete's will no longer be serving Philadelphians as a 36-year tradition; yet the city of Philadelphia has tremendous potential for her bright hospitality future expansion. 
My Sunday brunch visit there was pleasant as always. Little Pete's makes me feel like home and it is refreshing from the fine dining scene in Rittenhouse Square. If it comes to the day that Little Pete's falls to the wrecking ball, you will always stay in our hearts!Great service
Great prices
Great coffee
Perfect location
Enough said...if you want a diner meal, then this is the place in Philly!  Cash only...remember!Pat's is a myth. Forget Gino's. The best Cheesesteak in Philly, and therefore the country, is here at Little Pete's. They're known for their breakfast (people swear by their scrapple), but the best kept secret around is their absolutely divine cheesesteaks. Great ingredients and excellent cooks make for an amazing sandwich. I had mine with grilled onions, mushrooms and hot peppers, and just now describing it, my mouth is watering for another. 
If you're not in the mood for steaks, their breakfast is guaranteed not to disappoint, and the owner's special dinner dishes are to die for. Do yourself a favor: try the Marsala.Good meat loaf and great vegetables. Zuchanni and Mac & cheese were great. Meat loaf was well made but lacked a lot of spice. Used ketchup to flavor it as Brown gravy was only optionWe went here yesterday for breakfast because it was right a crossed the street and we needed something quick before checking out of the hotel at noon. We managed to snag a seat at the bar, but if we'd been just 2 minutes later we would have had about a half hour wait. This place is small and about what you'd expect from a local diner. There were two waitresses, one working the booths and one working the bar, and a cashier (they only take cash) and a busboy/drink filler. I ordered a ham and cheese omelet which was a little overcooked. It came with breakfast potatoes which were undercooked in my opinion, I like mine crispy, and toast. I also got coffee. I was in and out in 30 minutes. Overall nothing special, but it served its purpose so I can't complain.This is definitely the dive of diners.  It's pretty grungy, the interior is very old, and the clientele is not prissy (though they'll warn you about the scrapple if you're not a native).  Having said that, it's a great place to go for a morning-after meal.  It's cheap, it's fast, and it doesn't try to be healthy.  My eggs benedict probably had half a stick of butter in the sauce.  Decadent, delicious, and deadly.  So for my heart's sake, I don't frequent this place, but I will go back to brave the scrapple eventually.We came to Little Pete's after visiting PMA, and it was almost full house because it's the weekend of Easter. It's really super popular, but fortunately we got seated quite fast. I wasn't so hungry so I mainly had a meat ball soup, while my friends took salad and Philly steak sandwich, the portions were hugeee! Probably because we come from Canada and the portion of food home is much reduced compared to the US, however since I am quite picky with food, I didn't really like the food offered here, despite the affordable price and quick service.For want of other options, the boyfriend and I lugged ourselves here at 5 a.m. on a Sunday after his late-night shift. It was everything we expected and less. I can't comment on the vibe, because as far as I can tell, it has none. 
We arrived just as they were getting done cleaning the floors, and I suppose being open 24 hours it's inevitable that some customers will have to deal with that, but the fumes from the cleaning fluid were noxious to the point of giving me a slight headache. 
A few minutes after we arrived, a rowdy foursome arrived and sat down in the booth behind me. My flimsy seat rattled every time they moved, which was super annoying. I really shouldn't have been sitting where I was anyway, since I was facing the open kitchen, and let me tell you the cooks didn't exactly inspire a lot of confidence.
We started with hot chocolate, mixed to powdery lumpiness and served in miniature teacups; you get what you pay for, I suppose. I had a grilled cheese and tomato sandwich. In all fairness to Little Pete's, I should have specified that I didn't want plastic cheese in my sandwich. It was served with a snack-size bag of potato chips and a pickle. I really dug the pickle. The boyfriend had good things to say for his burger, and I can personally vouch for the thick-cut fries that came with it.
In all, while I hope that one day someone will decide to show Wawa what for, there isn't a whole lot of competition for the weekend 3-7 a.m. slot in this part of town, so I'll be back. Sigh.I don't know what pretty pills everyone is on, but let me say this about my visit last week. First the waitress couldn't be bothered to tell me what was in the omlette I was ordering, then she frisbees our plates on the table followed by the check (I haven't had a bite yet). The food is edible, nothing to write home about. My mom however finds a hair in her food and that is when we called it a day. There are better places in philly, there have to be.As far as dinners go, I cannot complain about little Pete's (except maybe the booths are a bit tiny). Rude post before about the staff, they are awesome women who are true Philly ladies. Always friendly and making jokes. The food is delicious, great size portions, and you can't beat the price in center city. Try the roast pork sandwich or the Waldorf salad! And great fries too! Lunch specials come with soup and a drink. Thank u to all of the staff at little Pete's!Decent breakfast, 2 eggs, totast & Hash browns $3.95...How can you beat that, open 24hrs, cash only!Great little breakfast diner! Eggs Benedict is fabulous! Good service but they only accept cash. ATM is right outside the entrance!Great diner. Fast, friendly service, authentic local clientele and delicious food. Don't bother walking around to find something better in the neighborhood like we did. It doesn't exist!This is a perfect breakfast spot for when you are hungover on a Saturday morning.  Typical diner setting with excellent, fast service.  They have a full bar in the morning, I suggest getting a mimosa.  You get a personal bottle of champagne, which lets you fill up about 3 times.
The menu is pretty straight forward, eggs, omlettes, pancakes, lunch foods.  I highly reccommend this place for Saturday mornings when everyone wants to remember (piece together) the prior nights activities.Coffee and water always refilled, wise cracking waitress, quick turnaround on tasty food, fairly priced, open 24/7, throwback decor looks and feels like your on a movie set, no single seating at booths, counter stools for local flavor, the patrons running the gamut from saints to sinners and everything in between, whats not to love.....
When in Philly, my go to spot for breakfast or a late night chow down, damn shame Little Pete's may be forced out for another homogenous hotel.It's a diner.  Don't expect any more or any less.
Omelette's and home fries are bland, fortunately there's salt shakers on every table.  Burgers are good, steak fries bland.  Great for cheap and simple hangover relief or drunk eats (as long as you get here before 2:00am).  This is one of the few places in center city that stays open after the bars close, so plan accordingly.  Once it fills up after 2:00, service gets slow and terrible.  Decor is.... strange.I arrived to Philly late in the evening, checked into a nearby hotel...since it was so late room service wasn't available. That's when the front desk clerk told me about Lil Pete's. 
After reading the Yelp reviews I figured I'd give them a try.
The food did arrive pretty quick, so I'll give the deliver guy props for that. 
With that being said, I'm sorry to say that I was highly disappointed with the food. It was very bland. Not to mention that I ordered two meals, and only received one set of utensils. So my hubby and I did rock paper scissors to decide who'd have to eat with their hands :(
Bottom line, if you're starving and you don't have any other choice, then Lil Pete's is the place to go.Tasty little greasy spoon. Friendly staff and fast. I just had eggs and bacon, nothing fancy but yummy. Coffee cup was never empty!Classic old school diner, a vanishing breed. Great variety in the menu, go for the specials! Mrs. H and I have been looking for a place like this in Philly since the one in Center City closed. Mrs. followed our Waitress's suggestion and had the homemade Chicken Pot Pie and loved it. Comes in a baking dish with flaky crust on top. And the staff are great too, wisecracking with the regulars from the Pennsylvanian. A classic.This place has been an in the know favorite for years. It's one of the last true diners in the city. The food is diner fare, and they do it well. Service is great from the waitresses to the cooks to the cashier. It is cash only, but now that you know, you know.Has the scraple and a berger. Both were tasty. The berger was awesome, and perfectly cooked. It's not a huge berger, normal size but delicious. 
The server was nice and fast.
The diner inside is well a diner, it is spitting immage of what I have in my head as the typical Americana that is the diner. Long bar for singles and traditional booths for small groups. 
It looses a star because it is cash only. :( so, bring the old fashioned green stuff along.Visiting from out of state & looking for breakfast spot.  Not bad, but the 3rd star is due solely to the wonderful waitress, who was very friendly. Food was good, but nothing to write home about. Coffee was warm & kept coming. If you're looking for something different, healthy or exciting, this isn't the place. But if you want a good hot traditional breakfast, it'll hit the spot.Delicious!!!! Waiting on my husband to finish the rock and rock half marathon.. my daughter and I found this little gem.  And it located very close to the finish line(rocky steps).The best diner in center city! RIP Little Pete'sOld school Philly diner feel with store hours that say, "We don't play around."  This is a great place to either start your weekday or finish off your late Saturday night.  Granted, I've never ordered anything other than the Lox and Onion bagel and a cup of coffee, but those in themselves are enough to keep me coming back again and again.  The waitresses aren't necessarily bubbly or warm and welcoming, but we're in the heart of Philly -- it's part of the whole experience.  Four stars only because I want my Lox Bagel at ALL hours of the day and finding parking is a bit of a drag.Since it has been a few years since I reviewed Little Pete's I wanted to share an update based on my most recent trip and visits.  I dined here twice both times for dinner.  Their fare can best be characterized as non-fussy, hearty, homecooking at a decent price.  Please do not mistake my 3-star rating as indicating any deficiency.  This is a diner.
I had a greek omelet the first time and their chicken croquettes meal the second time I visited.  Prices don't seem to have changed since I was last here and now are quite reasonable circa $10-13 for a meal.  You can enjoy breakfast all day so I had a dinner omelet.  If you do this though you will receive French fries instead of breakfast potatoes which was fine by me.  The serving sizes are on the large side so you won't leave hungry.  They have great coffee.  The croquettes were served on a bed of mashed potatoes and topped with a generous serving of gravy.  You get a veggie side and they have quite a few choices here.  I opted for peas with mushrooms.  Little Pete's is open 24-h a day and located just off of Chestnut next to the Club Quarters Hotel and the RiteAid.  If you are a tired hungry traveler anywhere in the vicinity I encourage you to visit.I'm trying to eat more natural foods but Little Petes is a guilty pleasure.  I'm torn between the steak fries and the real onion rings.  And the black and white shakes are incredible.  Plus now they have Tabasco on their tables!
They serve the lunch specials til late.Came here for a late night breakfast after flying all day and arriving at midnight.  As others have noted, it's cash only.  For my friend, the eggs and scrapple were a trip down memory lane.  
I had a more conventional breakfast of eggs, bacon and home fries.  Little Pete's is a greasy spoon, so I shouldn't complain about the home fries being really greasy.  They tasted good, but wreaked havoc on my GI system later.  
Service is prompt.Little Pete's is a Philadelphia tradition and a sentimental fav.   I first set foot in Little Pete's many moons ago when a group of us stopped here for breakfast while we were studying for the bar exam.   Pete's, happily, has undergone significant renovations and has cleaned up since then.  Pete's also is a sentimental fav because we always come here  après watching the Thanksgiving Day parade. 
The food is typical diner fare and the prices are decent for Center City.   Avoid their lox (and anything containing lox) because they don't have adequate turnover of that item.  I have twice ordered the lox omelet and it has twice smelled fishy (the lox had loitered too long).   The scrapple, I understand, is well-prepared but is the "wrong brand."  Who knew that there were scrapple connoisseurs?!   They do 
handle the basics well:   French toast, omelets (no lox, please) and eggs.   The coffee is better than average for a diner.
Pete's is mostly counter with a few tables along the south wall.  So if you enjoy efficient counter service and waitstaff who call you "hon," consider giving Pete's a try.SUPER Fast! Friendly and clean...I don't feel rushed but the turn over here is quick. If you're craving eggs this is the place!
Plus, they refilled my slowly draining coffee at least three times, and I never had to ask for it. Thank you counter waitstaff, you are excellent!On my first visit to Philly a few months ago I thought I'd give this place a whirl for some breakfast.  I was hoping to get some eggs, oatmeal, and toast.  
I got everything I ordered, and while the eggs were pretty good - though lacking any creativity - the toast was low-grade bread, and the oatmeal was among the worst I've ever had, primarily because they didn't have ANY toppings.  WTF eats plain oatmeal?
Real shame, too - Lil Pete's has a cool retro layout.  There's potential if they could just invest a little effort into the kitchen and spruce the place up.Little Pete's is across from the Radison and is open 24 hours.  It's a nice unpretentious throwback of a cafe with very good food at a reasonable price.  I'm a repeat visitor and really like the cozy atmosphere and people watching.Little Pete's is my go too diner. The food's good, the service is great, and the atmosphere rules. All of the waitresses are nice, and I always feel like I'm being taken care of there. So, if you're having a blue kind of day, Little Pete's is the place to be. 
My usual is the Veggie wrap, but when I'm feeling saucy, I splurge on their killer waffle. Good day/bad day, Little Pete's is your friend...with benefits.What can I say about Little Petes than we will definitely miss you guys when your gone! Service is always top notch, food is good typical diner food! But what you get that here at Little Petes is the entertainment value hands down come here at 3 am sit back and be prepared to laugh your ass off while you eat a omelette!!! HahaWhat a wonderful surprise.  Sleepless in philly and looking for a sunrise breakfast place after having to endure to many hotel breakfast buffet with processed eggs.
Took a short walk and just a store front to greet you.   The server was pleasant with out being to over the top.  A simple menu either the usual offering.   Choose the Eggs Benedict with a side of ham.   I must mention that when the eggs arrived it looked like no other Benedict I ever saw.
Cardinal dish filled to the top and slightly browned golden holidays sauce on top.
Wow deep rich flavors piping hot.
Got to get back to this place.Glad to see somewhere open late. Very gritty though it's very representative of Philadelphia. I find the cigarette machine, the old video game, and the graffiti in the front funny and charming.
They only take cash but that wasn't a surprise to me, it's like NY in that sense in Philadelphia. This place has a great location right by Rittenhouse Square and all the hotels on 17th St. 
The waitress was very nice. I like gritty charming places, yet not where my food is cooked. Not exactly the most clean place. Dishes were just sitting around. A lady, i think a waitress, behind where the food was cooked, was shaking her boobs and laughing with a cigarette in her hand. 
This place and the neighborhood at night is like an old movie set in a grimy city. It's funny. The seedy gay man in corner holding a menu peering up at me with a really strange look on his face. There was also a homeless man sitting in here. I didn't like the itchy feeling after I left with the flies in the air.
Cheesteak was pretty good and the coconut custard was good.Wonderful spot! We came here to say hi to someone who works here after hearing about it for years. Our waitress and All the people who work here are so nice and friendly and made us feel so welcome. The owners brother was here who was also very nice. we think we found our new favorite spot, I got the chicken parm and he got chicken mancotti both were delicious. Very nice place and next time we will sit outside.If you are looking for a diner-like place, this is OK.  It is cute and small.  I had  breakfast.  The pancakes were bad.  The eggs (over medium) were fine.  The maple syrup was not real.
If the place were dirt-cheap, I might feel different.  But its not....I LOVE Little Pete's.  We both do.
I actually 'forget' to go there so when I go I am even happier to be back..."Oh, we haven't eaten here in sooo long...how nice it is!"
You can't go wrong with this place. Everything is tasty...the soups especially...but the best part is they are SO NICE!!!  Everyone who works there makes you feel welcome and is interested in ANYthing you say.  Granted I am probably one of the youngest customers that goes there...the median age being about 80...
Dinner hour sort of gets started in a place where the older folks like to hang...so be prepared about 3 to smell the stuffed cabbage and beef stroganoff dinner specials.  
One amazing note:  At lunch, the place is filled with people chatting in millions...high finance, real estate, art...quite interesting.I may be a little biased because I think Pete is very nice. Like any dinner with a large menu some things are just ok while other items I could eat time and time again. My go to here is flounder francaise over angel hair. It's a small location and the clientele coming from the Philadelphian are good for a laugh ( 80+ years old) but the food is consistent and that is key. They have a full bar and friendly staff so if you are looking for good local eatery stop here.So I learned what scrapple was and as a New Yorker I don't think I want that but this was a very cute old school comfortable diner in the heart of Philadelphia!Philadelphia's oldest crowd.
Food was Ok at best.  Huge menu but diner style food. Waitress repeated my order for a hamburger 3 times and was wrong until the last try.  Needless to say, it came wrong.
bread was limp and smooshed, meat was dry,  fried onions were raw cause she got that wrong,  and some how the burger was still oily and greasy.
The pickle was limp,  free dinner roll was cold, but the cole slawwas good. 
Fries were delicious.This is a standard diner in every way. You can order everything from omelettes to meat loaf to chocolate pudding, and you'll get your order taken by a waitress who has crinkly skin and will probably call you hon. I usually get a breakfast or a sandwich, and it's always the right balance of grease, sodium, and cheese. For all of that, it's about what you'd expect to pay at a diner. You pay a little and get a lot.
Cash only, and be warned that at 2am there will be a line down the block to get in.I moved to Rittenhouse a couple years ago and found this gem after a long night out. Awesome dinner specials. AMAZING fried chicken!!!The kitchen was closed at my hotel and they steered me here... One delicious Reuben later, I want to come back.Visiting from NYC with bf and best friend.
Only stopped in here because it was one of the few places actually open when we decided it was time to eat.
The staff & many of the customers looked like total wrecks, but at least the waitress was pleasant the 2 times she stopped at our table (to take order & then to drop it off).  
We were highly amused and one of us snuck cellphone pix of a few of the trainwreck customers.
Oh - the food. Riiight.  My cheeseburger was good.  My bf said his was too dry and my best friend really enjoyed his crabcake.
So overall I'd recommend stopping by for an excellent crabcake, a decent burger & lotsa laughs at the other patrons etc - if you're into that sorta thing.Solid. Solid. Solid. 
$5 delicious bloody marys, sassy waitresses, and huge omelets...could you ask for anything more? 
Details: I believe there is some sort of bloody mary special on the weekends ($2.95 for a smaller version... I am all about the big BM though) 
Waitresses/Waiters are awesome! The kind of wait staff that calls you hun and toost.  They are sassy but still make sure you finish your veggies! 
I am a creature of habit when I go here because it is so delicious and never disappoints. ( egg white omelet tomatoes onions mushrooms). 
PROS: service! bloody marys, omelets, six packs to go, huge menu selection, outdoor seating, people watching, some might think the decor in the place is a CON but I think its part of the charm( beveled mirror walls, fake plants, 90 year old patrons eating egg salad sandwiches), AFFORDABLE, delivery
CONS: hash browns are quite bland, I mean its a diner so its not culinary excellence (but who is expecting that at a place called Little Petes). 
Overall: If you are penny pinching but want to live like a king go here for brunch.  Have a drink, watch the people on Fairmount, and don't break the bank.jsut got back from closing the spectrum. stayed at hotel across the street and ate here thrice. aside from waiting to get in the place, and the extremely small size; this place is great.  they know how to get you in and out, and your belly full with good food, quickly.  i only had the same breakfast 3 times, but i can tell you that it was on point! staff is great and know wtf they're doing. hope i get back here sometime in the future.Visiting from out of town and was told by my hotel to come here for a good late night meal. All I can say is TERRIBLE service. Our server Veronica was unattentive and forgetful. She forgot our drinks and bread initially when it was the first thing we ordered . We were ignored after that except when she came back to ask us details about our order that she forgot to ask initially. Then we finally saw her again after we got our food and politely reminded her that she forgot our drinks and bread. She then brought my soda and STILL forgot my fiancés coffee after she pretended it took so long because she was brewing a fresh pot. It also still ended up on our bill and we had to ask her to remove it. We got our bread after our food came and didn't even really want it by then. Meanwhile we were one if only two tables in the restaurant and there were three people working. She made no apologies and actually had an attitude with us. Making a snotty comment about my fiancé not eating the bread he ordered, but she brought it after we already got our food. She also literally took his plate of French fries away while he was still eating them after she dropped the check. The service was so bad it ruined our moods.Went here super late after drinking one night.  Everyone rants and raves about it so I think I came in with extremely high expectations.  I didn't think the belgian waffle and burger were that much better than Midtown.  This place will serve you well if you're starving late at night though!OMG - Thank the LORD I did not go to use the bathroom at LP's until AFTER we had already eaten (and enjoyed) or dinner.
To get to the bathroom you walk through the kitchen and it is so GROSS.  I could not even go in there.  The stentch of the "disinfectant" mixed with urine was too much to bear.
Before this, however I should mention that I had eaten at LP's about 3 prior times and all were fine.  The food was decent, cheap, typical diner grub.  I was even impressed that the iceberg-based tossed salad was fresh and crisp.
Nice servers, too.
But that bathroom downgraded a 3 star experience to a disgusting big fat ZERO.Little Pete's is one of the best things I have ever laid mouth on. Ever. (What?)
It's HELLA cheap and will feed you for 3 days. I'm not even kidding. They have different specials all the time, that's the way to go. I love the Stuffed Chicken Breast, Chicken Croquettes (regular menu), and basically anything else.
A special includes a soup or salad, 2 sides, whatever entree you get, dessert, and a drink. For what, like $10? Run and tell McDonalds about that.
PLEASE DON'T CLOSE LITTLE PETE'S!The previous reviewer wasn't kidding when he said oldest crowd.  The average age was about 80. We ate here out out of "necessity" - coming from the Please Touch Museum,  wanting to see the stairs at the art museum (Rocky 2!), starving,not too many options... But lets go over the positives: The waitress was so nice and helpful. My open-faced tuna melt was very good. My husbands chicken salad wrap was also very good. I got chicken fingers and apple sauce for my 2 yo, they were nice and crispy. A solid place IMHO.I give this place two stars because of the not-so-good service, run down location, and all that Jazz. BUT, it IS a cheap diner, and it is a great choice for a cheap dinner. 
I recommend the philli cheese-steak hoggie. it's a good place to order from on late night - they deliver. 
Customers tend to be an older crown, who have probably been going there for years for their eggs and coffee. There are also a handful of students looking for a good deal or that "fourth meal" (But better than Taco Bell)
Two stars, but a good place to pick up a cheap breakfast or sandwich in Center City if your not looking for anything classy.Every now and then, you just have to sit in a diner at 2am on a Saturday night to see what kind of life forms you get to share the counter with.  Hell, cracking jokes with the drunks is more interesting than the food sometimes.  
I am a fan of their food.  I highly recommend the Texas Tommy.  A slice of apple pie and decaf coffee also hit the spot.  It wound up being the perfect combination. 
Among the dishes I noticed around me, I did drool at the Little Pete's special, which appeared to be a version of the reuben.  I also drooled at the creamed chipped beef which someone was devouring.  I did notice some burnt toast with someone's omelet though.  I guess quality control can't be perfect at 2am.  
Watching the drunk married guy on a night out on the town without his wife flirt with the women next to him at the counter was priceless though.it's a bit pricey for a diner with a very working class kinda feel, the menu has pretty standard diner fare, food was OK nothing exciting.. but they are open at night and a short walk from several bars so convenient for that purpose. service was good.This is a cute little diner.  They have breakfast 24/7 and every day there's a mimeographed specials menu with the day's recommendations.  It is CASH ONLY, but there's an ATM just outside.  It was a great place to hang out when I was stuck in Philly on business.  The coffee didn't even suck.It was only my second time in Philadelphia checking out the city before I move there in June.  I was craving pancakes and eggs for lunch, which was actually hard to find where I was in Center City.
Little Pete's was perfect for that!  It was exactly the small diner I was hoping for.  I ordered pancakes with two eggs and homefries, and my boyfriend ordered the turkey cheeseburger and fries.
My plate of pancakes came with 3 good sized pancakes that were fluffy and really hit the spot.  The homefries were only okay.  The waitress/cooks were really nice to make my two eggs two different ways because we mentioned that my boyfriend like them over easy and I liked them scrambled.  
My boyfriend liked his burger (he's normally a beef eater, but he said the burger was tasty for a turkey burger!) and demolished his fries.
Overall, the food was fine, but nothing spectacular.  I would definitely come back, though, when I'm craving breakfast foods at strange times of the day!  Remember it's cash only!vote for your most Pleasant cashier Ronnie tell John the boss you would love to have her back. She only needs a couple days a week. Please !The service here rocks and the food is all right too. I went here for brunch with a group of around 20 or so after skating in the City on Sunday. The staff had setup a row of tables on the patio for us but then realized that we were sitting in the hot sun. The staff then proceeded to drag the row of tables into the shade for us. Kudos for recognizing that we were already hot and sweaty from skating and didn't need to bake another minute in the sun. 
One waitress took our orders for drinks and brunch and served us with amazing accuracy and speed. She was running her butt off for us and was sweating just as much as we were by the time she delivered all of our meals. My bf and I each tried the bloodies as they were on special. Nothing special but they weren't bad either. I opted for my basic brunch standby of bagel, lox and cream cheese with a side of capers. It was perfect for me. The bf had an omelet and homefries. I noticed he did not eat the homefries. I had a bite of my friends scrambled eggs with mushrooms. They were made with canned mushrooms but I actually happen to like canned mushrooms as much as fresh ones. Overall it was a nice brunch with great service.Wanting breakfast at 1pm lured J. and me to Little Pete's after hitting the PCI Branch Library off of Rittenhouse. I haven't been to LP's in years, and I wasn't sure I wanted to taint my young-adulthood memories of hitting the place after last call at the 247 with a current reality that might miss the mark.  The place is still good and gets an extra star for its timelessness.
The place is tiny, so we ended up at the counter.  My waffles and ham were Standard Diner Good, as was J.'s omelet and sausages.  Service was quick despite some menu indecision on my companion's part, and the banter was peppered with "Huns".
My Brit companion commented that the tea cup was actually tea-cup sized, an oddity in the "Supersize everything!" Colonies.  Honestly, the dish ware looked old enough to be from the Revolution!  That's part of the charm though since LP's is Americana trapped in amber.oh, this place was just gross.  first grilled cheese sandwich EVER that i could not eat.  they get 1 extra star for the entertainment, though.  fed my food to my extremely drunk counter neighbor who lapped it up, while watching one person at a fourtop completely pass out while his friends mutilated his face with markers.  it's terrible but i guess it is entertaining. 
oh, and the people at the other location were plain rude.  we stood there for a few minutes looking confused while they laughed at us for thinking they served food at that hour.  yeah, laugh it up, jerks.This place saved my life after a long night of Drexel Grad Work. Perfect burger, a huge pile of fries, and quick delivery! 
Don't know if Little Pete is real or not, but I would shake his hand or maybe hug him!Place definitely has diner vibe written on it. Went here during the Philly marathon just blocks away from the Art Museum. After running 7 miles myself parallel to the big race, I was pretty hungry.  While waiting for friends to get done, a buddy of mine and I trekked 0.1 miles to this place. Sat down immediately upon entering and had our order taken within 5-7 minutes which was relatively quick on a jammed Sunday morning. I ordered the onions, peppers and cheese omelette with home fries, white toast and jam, and got sausage from my omelette on the side instead, followed with OJ. OJ was from concentrate, and not fresh, at least REAL orange juice, so boo to that. I housed the omelette and home fries and toast, I ate one sausage link out of five. Not that the sausage was bad, but was just tryin to minimize the damage, after I ate a hearty breakfast.
Overall food quality -Breakfast here was alright. It hit the spot for sure, but nothing spectacular to be honest. The waitress did ask if we were ok while eating, but it had to have been 30 minutes after that to see her the next time. She didn't seem happy, but she wasn't lollygagging either. She was constantly on-the-go on a busy Sunday morning. We got our check finally, paid up front and headed back to the marathon finish line to meet up with friends. Despite the slow service, If I ever was back to the Fairmount area I'd give this place another try.LITTLE PETE'S
A Haiku
--
Came at 3 a.m.
Costco-sized portions... and the
Best french fries ever madeLousy service.stood up to go the bathroom and was approached as if I was dining and dashing SMH humiliatingLittle Pete's is pretty much the only place in Center City to eat after 11pm so it's crucial to know about it! The food is decent diner fare: burgers are ok, fries are good, chicken parm looks mega tasty and the milkshakes are delicious. You can sit round the counter or in a booth and relish the slightly tatty surroundings. The staff are extremely friendly, efficient, and often hilarious. Food comes quickly and your glass of water is never not full!The closest I've come to the NY diners I grew up eating in.  Gooey grilled cheese.  Fries.  A pickle.  How can you go wrong with any of that...you can't. The counter is the place to sit. Service is quick, friendly.  No pretense, nothing fancy.  Good food, good atmosphere.  Eating here makes me feel like I'm home in NY again...This is my favorite spot for breakfast in Philadelphia. There are definitely fancier places with more creative food and more posh decor. But Little Pete's has consistently good breakfasts at super bargain prices... and there's always an eclectic mix of diners. 
I happen to love the eggs and ham. I get that every time. In fact, even when I don't get there for breakfast, I think about going there. It would cost me more to have eggs and ham at home than it costs to go there. And... no cooking... no dishes... how often can you say that? 
My perfect breakfast is at Little Pete's. It's not a scene... or even a see and be seen... it's just so great that EVERYONE goes there. You should too.Awesome breakfast. From NY here in philly on a short getaway. So happy to find this little place for a great hangover breakfast.This establishment does NOT care for the community it resides in.  Today, Saturday, 3/20/2010, they started heavy construction at 7AM in the morning with heavy banging and drilling, with no consideration for its neighbors.  I live in the building right across the street.  My weekend is RUINED by all the noise and commotion.  There are 400+ residents living across the street in the apartment buildings and hotel.  Everyone's weekend is ruined by Little Pete's selfish behavior.  I phone in to reach a resolution but they were unapologetic and denied responsibility.  The neighborhood ought to boycott all future business with Little Pete's.Food is awesome & the staff is friendly & cool... and they are open 24hrs... which is awesomeReal small 'hole in the wall' type place.  Bonus, it's open 24-hours!  I ordered breakfast foods because it was pretty early.  I ordered the daily special omelette.  The home fries didn't really have any flavor, even after putting salt and pepper on it.  The omelette was good, though.  The service people are really receptive to your needs and really pay attention.  I'll have to try the fried salami the next time I'm in the area.I have ordered from Little Pete's on multiple occasions.  Their food is delicious, comforting, and always homemade.  Dare I say, it has saved me from many a hangover.
Having said that, I'm relatively confused that I was just told that they don't deliver to my apartment. I've called them so many times I saved their number in my phone.  They were super apologetic, and nice, but unless your policy changed in the last two weeks, this doesn't seem viable.  
This is a sad day.Such great customer service and the food  comes in generous portions. Exactly what you need on a Saturday morning --no fuss and good food! Make sure you order the pancakes!The food is consistant and they are always open.  Philly needs more of this.  
Eggs, cheesteaks, etc...Very overrated. Servers and management are RUDE!  Food mediocre at best.  Very large menu which leads me to believe that the most of the food is frozen, not fresh.  There are much better restaurants in the neighborhood.
It you like a lot of food, for not so much money than this is the place for you.  However, if you like real food with pleasant servers, best to go elsewhere.Little Pete's reminds me of an old fashioned diner. They have a huge menu. My mom & I were going to split an entree & figured it might not be enough so we'd split an appetizer. We would have had plenty of food without the app, but glad we got the Greek trio. The Tzatziki was ok, the Hummus was good, but the Baba Ghanoush was excellent! I ordered the Picatta & I didn't realize with it you got soup or salad & 2 "vegetables".  Very pleased with all.I love this place. It is where all my friends and I get together for breakfast/lunch and even dinner! The food is true diner food and fresh! They deliver and are good to their customers!This is basically a diner which if that is what you are looking for then you will be happy. Breakfast is really good, portions are huge, food is delivered quickly. They do have a bar and offer bloody Mary's. Nothing to write hope about but ok. The eggs benedict is not that great, the eggs were overcooked and barely runny, the hollandaise had a weird aftertaste. Pancakes and waffles were really good. Pretty average but a good spot if you need a quick bite.This place can be fun, but two warnings:
I just paid $10 for half an egg salad sandwich. The pricing is often creative; tell the cashier what amount you  are handing; and don't leave your payment on the table or you may end up being handed your bill again next time you come in.
The washrooms are atrocious.Waitresses were nice even if they looked like they got dressed in the 90's and didn't care that the world changed :p 
Food was OK. Prices were decent. Maybe good for a hangover cure. 
------
I have since changed my mind. The Monte Cristo is worth it!Came with 18 friends and had the best time. Amazing food. The waitress Angela was so great and on top of it all. We even came with little kids!! We will
Come again. Thank you!!Don't order anything Benedict if you're lactose intolerant. First of all, who puts cheese in this dish? Terrible. Second, when I ordered it without cheese, that request was ignored. And third, even after the mistake was corrected there was some disgusting buttermilk/ranch sauce mixed in with the hollandaise. Benedict is my favorite breakfast/brunch meal so only reason I'm not giving 1 star is service was fairly quick and they took the meal off my billJust a classic Philly diner. Great breakfast and brunch. Solid burger. No joke waitresses. Nothing fancy. Just stick-to-your-ribs food.Decent food. Nice people. 
My girlfriend and I decided to share a bacon burger. I was upset (out of principle) because they charged us an extra $2 for cutting the burger in half.Little Pete's is a great, simple, unpretentious place for a good meal.  The prices are great and the food is always good.  
They have lunch specials on weekdays that include a great cup of soup and a drink with your meal.  The service is always fast and helpful.  
If you're in the mood for a casual meal you should give it a shot!  I'd especially recommend coming for lunch or weekend brunch.Big menu.  Comfort food and healthier alternatives as well.  The hash browns were not the best ever, but good enough to satisfy my craving.  Prices incredibly reasonable.  My husband had a pork sandwich with greens that was really good.  Our waitress was a doll: funny, friendly, and pointed out a special that saved us some dough.Greatest diner!!! I love the food, people who work there I'm so sad that they are closing down ;( 
I love this place!!!!This location is an old age home --Everyone is in walkers and oxygen tanks. The prices are also absurd for the quality of the food- $10 for a tuna wrap? HOW ABOUT 75 CENTS FOR A CUP OF ICE?? All around, typical diner food. Stick with diner classics like eggs, grilled cheese, etc. even though the place tries to be more of a restaurant w/ authentic greek entrees.We just ate this restaurant.  Service was great. Our lady server was pleasant and helpful with my son who refused to eat eggs for breakfast.Good food, good service. Only reason for four stars was a very nasty bathroom. (I'm sure it was unusual, and they said they were working on it when I mentioned it to a server).This is a blast from the past. Beware unless you like diner food. The menu can be hard to read and you can order wrong and end up paying a lot or order right and hit the jackpot. I go for lunch in groups and they are accommodating.I was on the border between 2 and 3 stars, but decided to give it 2 stars because I won't go back.  While the service was great and I loved the outdoor seating, the brunch was not good.  I especially had high hopes because of the good reviews I had seen on Yelp.  However, I was disappointed.
I ordered the Veggie Omelette because the waitress told me the mushrooms were fresh.  They didn't taste fresh though - they were either canned or soaked in something before being cooked in the omelette.  Also, when the food came out it was room temperature.  The hash browns and toast were ok - nothing to write home about.  And the coffee was not good.Got seated on a Friday about 9:30 a.m. The place was less than half full. Nobody came round to take my order. I guess they only wait on groups. I had to leave because I was hungry and nobody wanted to rake my order.Can I give this 2.5 stars?
My girlfriend and I recently moved in down the street, and were excited for some good diner style breakfast food. While it was nice to sit outside on a beautiful morning, that was definitely the best part of the experience.
We were seated right away and everyone was friendly. The coffee came out quickly, but wasn't very good. I was hoping it was just an old pot, but the refill later on was also lacking. Both the omelet and eggs benedict came out luke-warm/room temperature, and were just "meh". Maybe they would have tasted better hot.We visited this well placed diner for the first time last night. We have been wanting to come here for a few months now, and our going down to watch the Christmas tree lighting at the Philadelphia Museum of Art gave us the perfect opportunity to dine at this pleasant spot.
I have been craving a Monte Cristo, so that is what I ordered. Of course! It was delicious and not overdone with the amount of food offered. Some places pile on the meat until there is no balance. The one offered had just the right amount of everything. The burger my son ordered, with fries, was a hit too. I tried the fries and it had a nice battered taste.
So, all in all, we enjoyed our dinner and will make it a point to go whenever we are in the Museum area.I am sure I will just be echoing everything that has been said about this restaurant, but it is my absolutely favorite. Not just the restaurant but the pizza place as well.
Love the restaurant for brunch on the weekends, they have a bar and he staff has great personality. It's breakfast food, which is hard to make bad.
However, the Pizza place I get delivered all the time and their wraps are delicious. The chocolate chip cookies are also a go to add for my order. They are gigantic and delicious.
The only thing stopping me from going/ordering more is that they might think im a weirdo!If you wanted to grab a quick bite & breakfast this is the place in Center City!!!Great ambience, cool waitresses, very home style cooking...Too lazy to cook breakfast, brunch, or linner?   Nestled underneath a retiree condo tower is Little Pete's!  This isn't the one in Rittenhouse, this is the ORIGINAL (pictures of Sylvester Stallone and Rizzo are on the wall).  It's not a Sabrina's or Honey's, but you always know that the food is a little better than average.  
The proportions here are decent sized and will leave no stomach feeling deprived.  Go with the safe bet and get any of their omelets.  It comes with the standard home fries and toast.   
They also got some kickass daily specials.     Eg.  For 14 dollars, you can get a wok sized bowl of angel hair with chicken and cheesy tomato sauce, soup du jour, and salad.  It also comes with dessert.  Get the chocolate pudding or jello with whipped cream.  
About 30 or so items are on the daily special menu that vary wildly for anywhere between 13-16 dollars.  If you and your Boo are on a diet, you can get the special and they add a 4 dollar sharing fee.  Not bad if you like to eat for cheap.
Also, their outside seating is especially awesome when the weather is nice.Good food, right in the heart of Philly, some simple cuisine with great wait staff and good comfort levels. My kind of Breakfast.First, and very important: It is NOT located at 2401 Penn Ave. This is a misnomer. If you go this way you will get lost through a retirement home. Little Pete's is on the OTHER SIDE! The entrance is on Fairmount Avenue. You can get there through 2401 but it's confusing and there's no one to guide you.  
That said, what a great little place. Sunday for brunch it's very crowded. Service, once we sat down, was very quick and no BS. The bloody mary was really delicious and the steak and cheese sandwich was delicious. One small tip for those who are visiting, when you ask for peppers and onions, they put sweet peppers on the steak and cheese - not green peppers. Just in case you're use to one type of pepper or another, but they're not much and you can pick them off. 
Otherwise a great place.The omelette and hash browns take up your whole plate!!!
The bloody mary's are not spicy enough for my liking, but it got the job down. 
This place is quick, decently priced and the customer service was great.
Get here early because it tends to fill up on the weekends.I'd call this more of a diner than a restaurant.  Extensive diner-style menu, but the best part is that there is a huge outside seating area.  Great place for Sunday Funday.  $3.50 bloody mary special, and mimosas come with their own individual mini-bottle of Korbel ($9).  Got a turkey burger, which was average at best, but that was probably my own fault for trying to keep it somewhat healthy.  Fries were crunchy and delicious (ok I didn't keep it totally healthy).  Great spot to go for breakfast/brunch in nice weather!Little Pete's is unapologetically----Little Pete's.  It's proud to be just what it is--a kind of diner with the kind of waitresses you want, who offer good service and call you "hon."  It's right in my neighborhood, and awfully convenient.  I have a friend who loves to come here whenever she visits, so I've been here often.  It's especially good for breakfast, but you can get real comfort food here any time.  Look, it's not fine dining or lah-de-dah, so if that's what you're looking for, there are other places in the neighborhood that can give you that.  Come to Little Pete's for diner food and a place to chat with your friends at breakfast (or lunch.  or dinner, for that matter).  Or come alone; the waitresses will take good care of you.The closest thing to a diner Fairmount has to offer.
The food is consistent, and for better or worse, so is the service.  
What I mean to say is this: don't go if you're in a rush, don't go if you want warm and friendly servers, don't go if you don't want to eat elbow to elbow with perpetually fussy senior citizens.
On the other hand, I keep returning because I know exactly what I'm going to get at Little Pete's.  And the chicken burger is the best I've had in the city.
One final tip: if you don't like your potatoes on the raw side at breakfast, ask for them extra crispy or well done.Loved this little greasy spoon tucked away in an apartment complex right next to the Perelman museum. Classic breakfast foods as well as bagels and lox, and deli sandwiches. Quick and thrifty. I had a tuna melt, and it could be split.Spinach Omelets are great anytime but don't pass on the special salads with fresh hand carved turkey or the hand made cheeseburgers cooked to order, no frozen patties here!Little Pete's is a bare bones, honest to goodness, homey diner. Tucked in the ground floor of an apartment building mostly populated by the elderly, this spot deserves a gold medal for diner food. Massive menu, cheap prices, waitresses that have been there forever, the works. We've been a few times after a night out and their breakfast hits the SPOT. The 2 pancakes, 2 eggs, & breakfast meats combo is perfect. Plus they have amazing milkshakes. You really cannot go wrong. If you are in Fairmount looking for a cheap eats spot, check out Little Pete's.A breakfast institution for many philadelphia rowers that trickle over from Kelly Drive after a morning row.  Friendly service, descent food.  Diner-like atmosphere.The most diner-like place in this part of the city, lots of options and I think their brunch is on par with Sabrina's in terms of quality and portions! I've never really had to wait for a table and it's sort of a hidden gem, definitely somewhere I like to mention to Philly people who are looking to diversify their brunch options!I absolutely love this place. there breakfast is one of the best i have had in the Farimount area, some may beg to differ, but i am  totally in love with their western omelets. They also have really good sandwiches, personal favorite is the Classic Reuben. And delivery is pretty fast :)Walked in after visiting the art museum. Extensive menu bound to have something you like. Great, attentive service. Our meals came with two sides, a soup, a salad, and after we were stuffed, the waitress said that it came with dessert. In terms of diners this place is great.Great spot for a quick breakfast or lunch. The eggs Benedict were great!!!  Ask for your potatoes well done because they come out a bit undercooked.Just what you'd expect from a greasy spoon diner.  Good, cheap breakfast and fast service.One of my favorite restaurants in the city. It's a simple down-home diner. You really can't go wrong ordering anything from the menu. They have a special menu that you should always order from. Their specials are delicious. Pete the owner is very nice and you will often find him in this location. I used to live in the building where this restaurant is and I would get frequent deliveries. Now that I live closer to King of Prussia I miss little Pete's so much.A staple of the Fairmount neighborhood for breakfast/brunch on the weekend.  This is the place to go if you're looking for a good omelet, pancakes, eggs, etc at a reasonable price.  There's nothing luxurious about the atmosphere or the food (feels like a diner), but it's reliable for good food and you usually leave full.  
LP's has plenty of outdoor seating which is great in the warmer months.  It's very bike friendly, as many people come with their bikes after morning rides on the weekend.  We're so lucky to have a place like this in our neighborhood.
Although the address says Pennsylvania Ave. the store front and outdoor seating is actually on Fairmount next to Klein's Supermarket.Little Pete's is one of the few places you can get a diner style breakfast in the hood, and so it's always a go-to on Saturday or Sunday mornings... especially because there isn't a crazy wait like there is at Sabrinas. 
The food is pretty good, nothing overly outstanding but you can get your standard diner fare and if it were just for the food I'd be giving this joint 4 stars.  But it's never JUST about the food, now is it?
My major gripe with this place has to do with service.  There are a couple of waitresses who are bustling around the outdoor area, and according to my man friend one is incredibly rude.  I've never had the pleasure of dealing with her so I can't speak to just how rude she is... The waitress I have had a few times is nice, however she gives us no time to decide our order.  Her: "you guys all set?" us: "can we have a few more minutes?" her: "sure!" ...... 35 seconds later Her: "you guys ready?"....crickets.
So after hastily deciding on our menu choices, we got our food pretty quickly.  She gave us a bottle of Ketchup which naturally we presumed was for our table for the rest of the meal.  WRONG.  After a few bites, our waitress comes and asks if we're done with our bottle.  I respond no and pick it up and use it again and she waits for me to put it back down and takes it for another table saying that they can't have all of the bottles outside right now because the heat makes the ketchup go bad.  Really?.....really.   I then realize that my toast doesn't have butter on it... and we weren't given a bowl of butter packets either.  I asked the other waitress walking around for some and she seemed bothered by my request.  
All in all, highly disappointed with the service, and indifferent about the food.Eggs ? Will it soak up all of last night thats flowing through my veins and esp my head? What ? Give it to me!
I hardly ever eat eggs, can't handle them everyday [even though i make killer eggs], but boy when i want em bad bois, i get em here! I don't trust others to make my eggs either, I feel gross about it, but Little Pete's is just absolutely amazing!
Eggs Benedict, the one with Spinach and tomatoes, is my favorite! I get it without the tomatoes though. Get the Hollandaise on the side, otherwise everything's lost in it and u feel like the fattest kid on the block when u are done. You wont even get around eating one-third of it if it is on the side, trust me, and makes the dish way healthier. I actually ate all of mine today, just because it felt so light and NOT gross. Not saying there anything wrong with the Hollandaise, but its a shit ton of fat u don't need.This place has it all, who cares whats on the menu, if you want it, pretty sure they can dish it out in no time. Price is super reasonable and if you want desserts , they have like a gazillion cakes at the back. 
I will say this, they get extremely busy, and their job is super difficult, but I have never seen anyone behave badly ever or be mad, I love how everyone helps each other out, and on to the next thing. I love eating at a place where people have good work ethics and atmosphere, and they do. Love the ladies who serve my food, I feel like a spoiled brat [i'm not] when and if i want my eggs in the morning, and automatically start thinking they are my mommies and I go be that girl, who wants the sauce on the side and what not, and they give me the angry mom look and smile at me :D
Eggs and pseudo-moms? That's how i roll!Little Pete's is an old-fashioned diner very close to the Art Museum. I almost feel guilty critiquing a diner, because most time diner food is just that, diner food. Nothing special or spectacular, but filling and inexpensive. Dining partner and I were looking for a simple diner breakfast Sunday morning. We strolled in around 9:45 and there was ample seating both indoors and outdoors. I ordered the french toast topped with strawberries and he had the nova lox bagel sandwich. My french toast was a bit eggy for my taste and the strawberries also created a lot of moisture, making the french toast every mushier. I'll probably stick with eggs or an omelet next time. Dining partner enjoyed his lox and bagel. Service was good, my water was constantly filled. The menu is very expansive so we will definitely return to Little Pete's in the future to try dinner items.Really great place for a casual meal. It has a nice diner feel and very nice waitresses. I got the buffalo chicken cheesesteak and it was the best i ever had! Fries are nice and crispy too!I'll begin by saying that I have only been here for breakfast, so this review is based solely off that. But yes, it is as good as it gets. Prices are very reasonable considering it is one of the few sit-down breakfast places in the area. On the weekend, they have a brunch menu offering which many of the options include choice of juice or coffee. Service isn't overly friendly, but they are always on top of their game. Coffee refill? They're there. And most importantly, the food is very good. I haven't had a bad meal here yet and wouldn't anticipate it.
My only complaint would be that they don't have their own bathroom. You have to get a key and use the bathroom in the ground floor of the apartment complex, so that is a slight inconvenience, but nothing that would stop me from continuing to come here.Little Pete's has long been a favorite since I moved to Philadelphia.  The food might not be the best ever, but it is pretty solid, and it is a fantastic option for basic diner food in Fairmount.  The omelets are bursting with cheese (a must for me), the rueben is the only acceptable one I have found in Philadelphia (attention Philly: sticking a sandwich in a panini press does not make a rueben), and the waitresses are completely surly.  I actually think the surliness is the best part.   They're not bad ladies...they're just hardened by life, and that's okay by me.  But all kidding aside, I generally have no problems with the service.  On a crowded morning, you might get rushed out, but when they aren't crowded they don't mind if you sit there for a while.
Also, Little Pete's delivery has been a game-changer.  I can now procure delicious breakfast all day until 11pm.  I love ordering their food for delivery on those particularly lazy Sundays (or Tuesday nights.  Whatever).This place is awesome it's a local yocal but enjoys visitors. It's diner like but food fresh and awesome !  You're not coming to a 5 star restaurant you're coming to down home cookin!  Food prices excellent alcohol prices about the same!   Come see for yourself !Really cool neighborhood diner with great food and atmosphere. Very cozy and quality service.This is our local breakfast spot...we usually get the eggs salmon Benedict. The eggs Benedict is very unique compared to ALOT we tried...is it heathy idk, but it sure is good...service is fast and not a bad location at all.This is my favorite restaurant in Fairmount. Little Pete's is fine for breakfast, lunch, dinner or snacks. I live around the corner, so I dine there frequently. The food and service are always superb.This is my first time at Little Pete's. The service was great and very efficient.
I got the two eggs with meat for breakfast. Over easy eggs, bacon, additional ham, homefries and toast. The eggs were fantastic; perfectly cooked and exactly what you'd expect. Nothing worth noting though. Only complaint that I have is the coffee. It was pretty burnt tasting.This diner has a great dinner menu - most of the meals I choose are around $15 and with that you get a drink, salad, soup, an entree, a few sides and a dessert. How can you go wrong? Plus, the owner is amazing - at Christmas time he came up to our table and said our entire meal was on the house and to enjoy the holidays. I definitely recommend this place to anyone who is looking for good, inexpensive food.Excellent food. I had eggs Benedict - best I've ever had. The eggs were cooked perfectly. The Hollandaise (sp?) delicious! We certainly will return here for breakfast next time we're in Philly. The prices are outstanding as well! Perfect breakfast spot!