I've been eating food from Little Delicious since I was a child. The food is great - authentic Jamaican cuisine. However, the platters are odd to me. They give so much rice! I can't complain but I would like a little more meat that fits with the amount of rice they give you. Also, this isn't really a place to dine in. I was just here yesterday and the heat in there was sweltering. Overall, great food, just not the greatest location.This is an out-of-the-way place from the main parts of University City (unless you're at the Univ.of the Sciences) but if you're craving Jamaican, it might be worth a trek or drive.  There's not much atmosphere and it's filled with regulars so if you're sensitive to being an outsider, best not to come here.  On the other hand, the food is pretty decent - a little more oomph in the spicing would be appreciated.  Rice is a bit bland and vegetables are kinda overcooked but that's Jamaican food for you.  But hey, the meat pies make for a tasty snack.This place gives you a ridiculous amount of food for the price. We decided to get a small platter of beef stew + small platter of jerk chicken so we could try both. Um.. seriously, we could have SHARED a small platter (whcih begs the question of how fucking big must their LARGE portions be...)
The flavors were so good. Best beans and rice I've had. The spices were just right, the meat was so tender, the chicken just fell off the bone. Next time I'm craving, this is the only spot I'll be going to
Note: I guess not everyone would be comfortable in this area -- but I found the employees to be very nice. You may feel outta place.. but imo, I LOVE hole in the walls!I travel from DE because I know the food will always be good! They portions are huge and the price is right. If you want good Jamaican food this is the place to get it from. They also make all sorts of health drinks on site. Staff is friendly and service is prompt.A hole in the wall spot, but the food is excellent.Probably one of the best Jamaican spots in the city, Love their food, I have been eating here for years, the Jerk chicken is my favorite dish, with a side of boiled dumplings.Not sure where it stands as far as authentic Jamaican food .. But by my standards it's great .. I can eat 2 days off any size of their platters .. In fact I often get for just that fact dinner tonight work lunch tomorrow .. Everything is always hot and ready .. Get there early for plantains tho the sell out quickLittle spot with great Jamaican food! The jerk chicken was absolutely fantastic.This is one of my favorite Jamaican Spots the food is good the portions are big and the staff is friendlyWent here on a Wednesday afternoon.  
Immediately captivated with Little Delicious' charm and decor.  It felt like I was walking into a restaurant in Jamaica.
The server (who I assuming is maybe the owner) greeted my friend and I with great warmth.  
I ordered the lamb soup at $3.50 (one for me, one for my friend).  This was a very simple, yet nuanced lamb broth - chock full of potatoes and other root vegetables.  This was something special.
Next up was the goat curry platter ($10.50 -shared between my friend and I) - consisting of goat curry in a rich and wonderful sauce.  Served with melt in your mouth potatoes, stewed collard greens, vegetables and rice.
The total was $17.50 + tip for two people - two bowls of soup and sharing a large platter.  I think there is some real value here.
Next time I come back, I want to check out some of their homemade juice/smoothie/tropical drinks.  I also want to check out the fried fish and the beef patties, which I'm sure must be great.  
A true gem of West Philadelphia.They should change the name to A Lot of Delicious. It was tasty and in NYC, they don't give you that much oxtails for $9.50.Every time I come home to visit Little Delicious is on the checklist.  I normally go for breakfast because I absolutely love the ackee and salt fish, callaloo, yam, cornmeal porridge, banana and carrot juice!  I get a small and it's enough to feed 2 people.  I don't go to any other Jamaican restaurant since trying Little Delicious!Actually I would give 4.5 stars if I could (5's are rare) This is a simple independent restaurant in a lower income neighborhood, certainly not a 'hole in the wall' The neighborhood is fine, it is right on a busy street and easy to park or take the trolly (drops you off right in front)  The inside is very clean, the staff is very pleasant, owner very nice guy.   And the food is super fresh!   May be intimidating for a newbie  as you stand in line and  order at a window by the kitchen.  The simple menu is authentic Jamaican, home cooked and delicious.  My favorite is curried Chicken.  The jerk is also good, but not shock your taste buds hot.  The sides are excellent, cabbage, greens, boiled banana and rice & Peas are super.  The portions are huge and a small patter is difficult to finish at one sitting.  The soups are very good and the large could be a meal in itself. You can eat in or take out.
If you enjoy authentic, homemade, real food for a great price & value check out this outta or the way gem!This is the best Jamaican food in Philly and the Burbs!  I found this place by accident when i was downtown with my parents. I googled "the nearest Jamaican restaurant near me" and was completely surprised by how great an experience we found in this treasure! I wanted a place to sit and ear qith my family not the usual take out and not fast food. There were a few tables and a friendly atmosphere. Reminde me of my grandmother's deliciously cooked meals. I ordered the ackee and codfish with cabbage and greens. It was more than a Little delicious!!!  They also have great smoothies, great soups and large platters. to savour ledtovers at home. Very delicious indeed! Love the owner and the family atmosphere! Positive vibrations here and all round like the old school Jamaica that I LOVE! Now telling everybody about this great place that I found. KUDOS to this family TEAM!  Can't believe they've been there 26 years and I did not know about this place. May you inspire all in Philly and beyond!Don't sleep on the hole in the walls! 
Good food, big portions, and cheap prices. 
The brown stewed chicken is my go to. The plantains are some of the best. The cabbage could be fresher. What I love is that they offer potatoes if you don't want rice. They tend to give you a lot of rice which is ok if you're sharing a platter. Both size platters could be shared depending on how hungry you are. This place is a hit or miss which is my reason for 3 stars. Some days they get it perfect, other days it's a waste!
And if you're thirsty there's a cooler with assorted Caribbean drinks as well as your typical beverages. (Pepsi, Arizona, etc.) you could also get a fresh fruit juice that the owner makes. I've had the watermelon and papaya both were delicious.This establishment is a Jamacian ressie! I ordered the Jamacian chicken (large) platter. Big tip, SKIP ordering the  beans n rice as a side, unless u really love rice. They put the rice in the biggest portion of the container, which gives you the small one for your next choice of side. Overall, good flavor but I've had better. 
My friend liked the ackee fish  so maybe next time I'll go for the fish or goat! Cash Only!!best jamaican food eeevvveeerrrrrr!!!! big portions!!! low prices!!!"Simply the best" This place is where you need to go if you visit Philly. Legend has it Usain Bolt comes here before the Penn Relays.Little Delicious is hands down the BEST Jamaican food in Philadelphia!  Try the jerk chicken, beef patties and cabbage--all awesome.  I took the jerk chicken to a Caribbean themed party and it was a huge hit.  The owner is super nice too!  I highly recommend!In Philly for the weekend and stumbled upon this gem....stopped in to get smoothies ....peanut punch and a fruit smoothie the owner didn't have a name for... just told me "it's good juice" you'll like it and mannnn was he right .....if you're in the Philly area and want a good healthy all natural smoothie this is the place to check out....be sure to ask for the "good juice"!!!The food is delicious so it goes so well with the name they give you so much food you will be eating it for days and their prices are really reasonable too but sometimes it's super crowded curry chicken and pepper steak amazingI would have never known about this business had it not been suggested by a co worker, it's a non descript building on a very busy street and the food is DELICIOUS.  I ordered a large platter of oxtails, cabbage , rice and peas and a side order of plantains. I would say 55% of the platter was rice and peas, 35% of the platter was cabbage and 10% was oxtails. The portion distribution was a bit upsetting but the food was quite tasty.
I've seen Yelp photos of this business' oxtail platters , my platter today seemed to be the exception from the normHidden little gem. The food was great and huge portions. The waitstaff was beyond sweet. The owner was thoughtful and welcoming; he heard me talking to another patron about the Sunday special of fish stew, and brought me out a small portion to try. It was AMAZING. I'm coming back next Sunday just to get a bowl.One of the best Caribbean restaurants in southwest Philadelphia, food is always great!The food is great there Ty for having   goodfood.I got a lg and it is worth the money.Best alternative to fast food. A "mini" platter is enough for any adult. The small feeds two. There's fresh squeezed juices, beef patties & homemade soups. Don't be in a rush because there may be a line but it's definitely worth the wait. There are a few booths or you can sit at counter. Take out is what most do. Whatever you decide you won't be disappointed! Neighborhood staple. We love this placeFirst choice when it comes to Jamaican food in Philly! Their food is full of flavor, plenty of options and large portions for a reasonable price. As I told one commenter, this place grew in popularity over the years (in business for a little under or over 20yrs.) and as a result, they cook in very large quantities (i.e. the big ol pot in 1 of the pics) so sometimes they miss the mark on flavor on certain dishes. 
The place is very dated and I think, Caribbean people, older (50s n up) folks, hipsters and neo soul types can appreciate dinning in but for me, take out it is!
They have a sister location further down on 6051 Woodland Ave. (right next to the Pete's Pizza) which is much smaller and less known so their food is VERY consistent in the flavor dept. (for now).
If you want REAL JA food go to either location for take out and I PROMISE you won't be disappointed!Tried Little Delicious and found the food lacking in flavour.
We had platters of Jerk Chicken and Oxtails, served with rice & peas, dumplings, and cabbage. Jerk Chicken was overcooked & a bit stringy. Jerk was also not very tasty -- I like my jerk spicy and flavourful, but this tasted bland and flat. Oxtails were similarly flavoured and lacked the deep stewy flavour I'd expect. 
Disappointingly, we weren't given a choice in the sides that came with the platter. The boiled and fried dumplings were rather hard, like they had been sitting out too long & dried out. Rice was so-so & tasted a bit stale to me. Cabbage was nicely stewed to tenderness -- it was the best part of the meal.
Portions were very large. 2 platters cost $20.I travel from DE because I know the food will always be good! They portions are huge and the price is right. If you want good Jamaican food this is the place to get it from. They also make all sorts of health drinks on site. Staff is friendly and service is prompt.It really burns me up to have to give LD 3 stars on the Jerk Chicken platter I had on Sunday. I've had their food before and it was outstanding. The problem is when you don't get the same product with consistency, then trust becomes an issue. My platter (lg with rice and peas and cabbage) looked and smelled fantastic. The problem was the actual food. Below average flavor on the chicken. Granted it was fairly tender, but if I wanted Brown Stew chicken, which was what it tasted like, then I would have ordered that. It wasn't busy so I know it wasn't a mixup. The cabbage was great, but the rice and peas were a little doughy rather than moist. Overall just a flat out letdown. My thing with jerk is that it needs to POP. I had the best jerk ever on a past trip to JA so maybe I'm being too tough, but I don't think that it's too much to ask to bring an exciting flavor to jerk chicken in Philly. I could just take my yankee behind to Shoprite and make my own if I wanted purely average fare. I probably could have done better than LD did on Sunday. They won't be seeing me for quite some time.Little Delicious is a lot of deliciousness!  As other Yelpers have mentioned they serve huge portions. I had the "small" platter of curried chicken and it could easily feed two people. The chicken was moist, tender, well-seasoned and plentiful. The plantains, rice and peas, and cabbage were the perfect complement to the chicken. The surprise of the meal was the sorrel. I cannot stress how much boring, flavorless, watered down sorrel has been sold to me in Philadelphia over the years. When the guy said it was homemade, he was being sincere. It was really good; sweet, gingery, cinnamon-y goodness. 
I also ordered a beef patty, but it never got packed in my take out bag. Some people would have taken off a star for that, but that wouldn't be fair. The food was that good.I'm renaming this place to Little "Not so" Delicious .. My girlfriend and I spent 28 bucks on (2) oxtail platters .. The oxtails were just ok while the rice & peas were horrible.. The rice tasted burnt and was mushy .. Will not be returning to this place.This place has the best jerk chicken in the Philadelphia area. I'm very picky when it comes to Jamaican food but this place serves some bloody good food. They're very generous with the portion sizes but that's ok with me. But this place is a must go if you are looking for Jamaican cuisine.I went here after reading a review about another place, where the reviewer praised Little Delicious. Sorry, the jerk chicken wasn't really jerk. Just as the rice and peas weren't rice and peas (they were kidney beans, not pigeon peas). The food wasn't terrible, but what I was hoping for was real jerk. The closest I've come in this area is The Jerk Hut, but they're just too over-priced. Still looking for genuine Jamaican jerk pork and chicken.I have been here five times in the past two years. Everything I have ever had was fantabulous. I highly recommend the Curry Goat as good as you can get on the islands. Excellent loving staff.My bf and I were craving jamaican food BAD last weekend!!  We drove around looking for a spot that was open on Sunday and found out that most jamaican restaurants  in Philly are NOT!!  Then he remembered Little Delicious, which is around the corner from his sister's house.
We both ordered jerk chicken, and it was very good!!!!!  Their sauce is a little different from the traditional (in my opinion), but enjoyable nonetheless.  
I now have my Sunday spot when I need my fix.... every-ting irie!!!!!!  lolBeen coming here on and off for years, not a palace but I wasn't looking for one just Jerk Chicken Jerk Chicken I can trust. Stopped by recently and I must say BINGO!!! I am satisfied satisfied.........Good food. Been many times. You do get your money worth. Large platter can feed you for two days. I always enjoy it.Today was my 1st time here and I was pleasantly surprised! A small is huge for $9! Good flavor and good spice. I will be back. I would have given them 5 stars if they had plantains but the rice and peas was good too.As always, excellent curry chicken and cabbage. Plenty of food. You can't go wrong g with LD.Really good food. Truly gargantuan portions at extremely reasonable prices. I dare you to try to eat a large by yourself (do not try to eat a large by yourself). I don't know if it's the best in the neighborhood, because I don't live here, but it's really good. More of a takeout place, by the way.Fucking Amazing! been going here over 15 Years!!
The Food is phenomenal! my Go-To's is the Jerk Chicken , Oxtails, PepperSteak!! This restaurant is the most authentic Jamaican Cuisine I have ever went to. I only know if (2) places in Philadelphia that has Great Authentic Jamaican Food  & Little Delicious is Definitely one of them.The food taste went DOWN!! I didn't enjoy my most recent  platter of jerk chicken cabbage and rice with peas!! YUCK!! I'm so hurt that it did not taste the same.. I've been coming to this spot since the late 90's!! I'll try it one more time.. Bc I still can't believe it Was different!! :/Really good food, I got the curry goat, cabbage, plantains and it was really good. I'd go back there. Only thing is that they should have Mac and cheese daily.I would like to thank the owners of this establishment for its delightful soups that are getting me through this winter. Sometimes I am feeling too lazy to cook or I want a little variety. I have had chicken noodle, goat, and fish soup. All of them are good. I haven't ordered anything other than sup, although I know it's popular in the area. The lines are always long. I think they only accept cash, FYI.I went to school in the Caribbean and so every now and then, I'll find myself craving things like roti, curry, and Ting. Little Delicious definitely hits the mark when it comes to food. As people have mentioned, very generous portions. The curried goat was awesome, as were my plantains. The only downside is that this neighborhood is not the best.Tried them off of a recommendation from one of my Jamaican friends. I figured she would know good Jamaican cuisine and she was on point. I drove close to an hour, pass other Jamaican spots closer to where I live to try them out. The food is cheap and the portions are huge. Let's just say that if I want Jamaican food I will go there before I would go somewhere local. Oh, don't let the location put you off either.Food was delicious and portions huge. Not a neighborhood my white yuppie self had ever visited before but felt totally welcome.I have been going to this restaurant since it opened and now my children and soon grandchildren will eat here, God willing they stay in business for many more years to come.Yum yum yum. Best oxtails. Rice and peas are boss.  Cabbage is a hitter, too. Portions are huge and they puts lots of love in the food. Often times, they run out of menu options because so many people are coming here. Love little delicious.I ordered the large curry goat with cabbage and rice & peas. It was so much food. In hindsight I probably should've gotten a small. I also got one of the jamaican patties and a jamaican kola. The goat was really good. Very tender, fall off the bone, seasoned very nicely. I would've given five stars if the goat had less fatty bits on it, but I know some don't mind that. The rice and peas were very good, though I do think it would benefit from just a tiiiiiiiny pinch of salt. The cabbage tasted quite right as well. The jamaican patty was good, standard. If you've had the Golden Krust variety, it tasted just like it. In all, the plate was very good and very filling. I'm not even close to finishing it, which is a plus in my book. Good food = even better leftovers. 4/5"Little Disappointing"
My platter sucked. I got stew beef, rice and peas and cabbage and the quality/taste of the beef was a little off. The beef reminded me of Dinty Moore stew in a can. My dude said it reminded him of Alpo.
Service was quick. Portions were huge. Taste buds were disappointed.
****Edit****
You know how some food is better the next day? I warmed up my leftovers for lunch and it miraculously transformed! I can't explain it. It is what it is.Worst oxtail platter ever! I paid $12+tip for oxtail that was mainly bone and fat (very little meat)  and "rice and peas" that had nothing but rice and not 1 bean or pea. Everything was flavorless so I had to add A1 sauce and seasonings at home to try to enjoy. On the plus side they gave me lots and lots of rice?Always solid food and good prices. It has a home meal type of flavor and style. The soups are always delicious. All of the food is good.Food so good and they give you so much for just $10 ! The only thing is the lines being long and they only take cash but hands down the best Jamaican food in southwest !Remembering the first time my brother brought home a platter of spicy chicken and beans and rice, later find out it is call the Jerk Chicken. That was 15 years ago, since then we buy Jerk Chicken at least once a week until we move to northeast. Seeing the price raise from $7, $9, to $11 now, I'm getting old. 
I'm not a big fan of Caribbean cuisines but am a FAN of Little Delicious. The dark meat chicken taste juicy and spicy, while the white meat pieces are a little dry, but with extra sauce(stew chicken sauce), it taste as good as the dark meats. Also love their beans and rice and vegetables. I always stop by and grab a platter every time I'm in the area.First and only stop for Jamaican food in Philly. I've never had Jamaican food from anywhere else so unfortunately I don't have anything to compare it to. I always get the large Oxtail platter with rice n peas and cabbage. I haven't had anything else and probably won't because Oxtail are my absolute favorites. I usually come here when I get the itch to make my own but actually buying the platter here is cheaper because oxtails are easily $7-10 a pound. I've tried the "small and medium " platters but for me,  it's a joke. Gimme the large.. Extra sauce on everything! The restaurant itself is quite small, about five cafeteria tables and a counter.  Their fresh watermelon juice is to die for.  They do run out of certain items throughout the day,  so be prepared for that and long lines around dinner times. I'm here about once a month.. Come to think of it, I'm due for a platter!THIS LOCATION IS NOT CLOSED.
I'm glad I decided to call and ask if they were open, because Yelp is saying the restaurant has closed and they haven't. Always check!
Little Delicious has done it again. I ordered the curry goat and Jamaican patties, large enough to feed me and my mother. She is visiting from out of state and has never had Caribbean food before. She absolutely loved it and wants me to grab her some patties to go before she flies back home lol. Thank you, Little Delicious!little hole in the wall, cash only, true value. always delicious and graciously prepared, you're lucky if it isn't a line in this tiny spot. only serve mac & cheese on Friday's and i still haven't caught it yet! i've either been too early, or it was sold out. i stop in here all the time for a $7 smoothie with everything... not exactly sure what everything is, but i know it is all fresh fruit, pumpkin seeds, and real honey. they're usually a bit confused i'm not waiting for food, but this smoothie is ginormous. go here, they are so worth it. and i love the photos and posters they have hanging in the store.I used to love coming here! But they fell off really bad. The jerk chicken was not jerk chicken, l literally wasted a whole platter because it was not good at all! The rice wasn't good either. They gotta get it together.The spot is a hole in the wall but the food passes. I am new to Philly so I don't have much to compare it to out here but coming from Brooklyn, I've eaten a lot and this can get the job done. 
I had a hefty serving of oxtail with rice and peas and collard greens. When I say hefty, the portion size was well worth the dollars. I also had Ackee and salt fish with dumplings and banana. It was pretty good and the small was also a good amount of food as well. Definitely not stingy with their hand here. 
The place is kind of a hole in the wall easy to miss spot but once inside, they do have a few seats if you intend to stay. There's also a juice bar in the front so you can get a nice drink as well. 
All in all, it's a little out of my way to go to. If I'm on that side of town, I'd stop back.I used to go to this place all the time and the last time I went will be my last. I had margarine  paper and a nail in my platter.  Made me sick to my stomach. DisgustedThis was trash! I will not be returning here to eat ever again. That was not real jerk chicken. It was chicken in some kind of jerk marinade. Shit was horrible. Four thumbs down. They get one star for being open on some last resort shit.Might look a little sketchy from the outside and inside. They may be cash only as well. But the food is definitely worth it. Super good food and worth the money. Stuffed like a damn pig.amazin' food & kindest people!  
3 platter sizes to suit any hunger level; "mini" for those fearful of commitment; "medium" for those testing the expansion capabilities of their stomach; & last, "large" for those trying to solve world hunger!
I wolfed down a medium goat curry platter &  was so impressed by each rich & soulful bite of smoky goat bathed in rich sauce with  strands of stewed cabbage greens. an occasional bite of fried plantain provided a sweet contrast. no dessert needed. 
fantastic food @ fantastic prices- 
AMAZIN'!We're open please come and and place an order thank you if you have any questions call Us thank you have a happy holidaysThis place is literally a hole in the wall you would not even know there is a restaurant. Yet, do not let that fool you this spot has great Jamaican food and only cash only.This is not Jamaican food!  Don't go here for Jamaican food.  There has to be some different cooks working there.  Maybe African.  There is nothing delicious about this place.   They need to change the name.   This family restaurant been serving good food over 20 years. In the past it had been "my go to spot"   I had not been there in a few years until last night.   I bought 2 platters.  One was supposed to be jerk chicken and the other brown stew chicken.  Both platters had a bunch of sliced chicken breast with gravy.  Included a bunch of black rice (not Jamaican staple).  This must be African food!!!  No Jamaican flavor at all.  Salt and tomato is what everything tasted like.  I called when I got home to say they didn't give me the jerk chicken.  They say they did.  I was raised on JA food.   I know the flavors...   Both platters look and tasted the exact same.  Salt and tomatoes.  Black rice definitely a turn off.    It was terrible! I'll never go back.  If I could give review less than 1 star I would. There's is nothing Jamaican or delicious about this food.  It's definitely a waste of time and money! When you are used to eating the BEST this is just a MESS!!!I've been eating from here for years, it's my go to place for Carribean food since it's always delicious and plentiful. Well today they let me down. I had an oxtail platter, which is what I get 95% of the time. Today the oxtail wasn't tender and falling off the bone like it usually is. It was tough with a lot of gristle in it, every single piece. Hopefully this was just an off day. I'll go back in a month or so when I'm craving this type of food again and hopefully it'll be back to normal.Incredibly delicious and amazing value.. honestly had me on my ass knocked tf out after eating this platter. Which is definitely my fault for actually eating an entire "small" in one sitting! HahahaI love hole in the wall restaurants and risked my life to come here on Memorial day weekend (jk, but the neighborhood is seedy)! I was disappointed to find that the food here wasn't very good. The jerk chicken just tasted like plain baked chicken smothered in some teriyaki tasting jerk sauce. It reminded me of runny beef jerky, not the flavor I was going for. I've had excellent jerk chicken in the past and it's always been fall off the bone, whole chicken parts that are well marinated. Here it's chopped up dry pieces of tasteless chicken. Also tried the curry goat and it wasn't as bad as the jerk chicken but not the best either. Portion size also smaller than what I'm used to. Ordered a smoothie and they weren't bad but it was real sweet. 
The establishment looks dingy and rundown but it's quaint and has seating in there. The owner was very nice. I just wish the food was better. It was only a little delicious. =/