Had heard tons of excellent reviews about this place and was excited to go here. Ended up going for the Sunday tasting menu. I guess like anything that's been hyped up too much, we left disappointed and hungry. Sorry guys, will not be coming back. It's already incredibly difficult to find a table in this place because it is so small, which of course also adds to the hype.
Perhaps a weekday experience where you can order is more satisfying? Sadly, I won't be risking an overpriced, overhyped experience.I am not one to write a review about a dining experience because I am in the restaurant business myself and I feel that people do not give the right perspective of the restaurant just because of something they didn't like personally. That being said I MUST write a review praising Little Fish and their employees last night. My girlfriend and I are both in the business and understand the last minute right before closing two top can be a pain. But we heard great things and it was the only time we could make it. We were the last table in the restaurant and the kitchen staff and our waitress didn't make us feel rushed at all. I have to give a million thanks to the kitchen staff because the food and plating was incredible, just because we were the last table they did not take any less pride in their dishes than they were at the beginning of dinner service. My girlfriend and I have ate all over Philadelphia and hands down I can clearly say that Little Fish has been the best meal I have had in Philadelphia! I mean I never write reviews and I'm here the morning after praising. Keep up the great work over there from one professional to another. I will be back without a doubt to continue to see what new plates you have.This intimate BYOB rocked the dishes they put out. All were simple, beautifully presented, and flavorsome. The downside is that space is quite small so it can get loud as the evening goes on and at times the service felt rushed.Apr 27, 2012
  Went to diner last night with 3 other people. Portions very small  with a limited  & pricy menu.  All entrees were warm, not hot when we were served.
 We are frequent restaurant goers in the City.
 Service was fine.  The restaurant was cold, we asked several times can the heat be turned up.
  When it came time to pay the check we gave the waiter our  $ 100 Little Fish gift card which was rejected.
 The waitier & the owner refused the card saying this is a new owner &   they cannot honor the gift card. The owner said he did not get the money when the card was purchased  therefore the card could not be used by us.
.
  We talked & argued with the owner but to no avail.
  We were disappointed  in the entire evening  & will not return to the restaurant.Great little byob. It's a upscale kind of place, and they charge the price for it, but it's worth it! I had a very tasty amberjack in a miso reduction with a side of veggies I can't really recall. All of it very flavorful and well executed. 
Will returnWe dined here for a friend's birthday who had been there before and said, "It was one of the best meals I've ever had." Based on that, my expectations were high.  Menu is on a chalkboard and hand written on a tiny piece of paper. I like that they offered some unheard of fish, such as Cobia--a whitefish from Florida. My husband ordered that, prepared jerk style with coconut rice. It was good. Not great though. Definitely not $30 great, but I'm willing to pay a premium on fish sustainably caught. Maybe I'm not used to jerk seasoning but I found it too salty. I ordered the ceviche, with lobster, fluke, and bass I think? And hearts of palm and citrus. For $13 it was a pretty generous portion but it couldve used more kick as I am accustomed to in a ceviche. I also ordered mixed greens (I think it was just bibb lettuce though) in a blood orange vinaigarette. There were blood oranges mixed in, which I love, but the dressing didn't taste citrusy at all. Plus there was absolutely nothing else in the salad, which I found boring and and somewhat lazy. Having to slice my lettuce was also a new experience which was distracting while dining. But at least it was all fresh. We had a small child with us whom they accommodated by halving the halibut meal. My friend had the halibut which looked good, but she didn't comment on. Then the dessert offerings were recited...one chocolate mousse-type selection, and a fruit tart, i believe? My friend opted for the chocolate for us all to split. I will say, it came in a cup that could fit in the palm of your hand, and had some nuts sprinkled on top, but it was more pudding than mousse. She took one bite and I ate the rest. It tasted just fine, but I was surprised that they didn't have something a little more impressive. It was just as good as the chocolate pudding at the Whole Foods salad bar.
All in all, it was a decent, allbeit, very expensive meal. I'm glad I tried it out, but they didn't hook me enough to justify a return visit.This south philly joint is a huge favorite of philly yelp.  Had to give it a try.  Food was of good quality and made in interesting preparations.  I like the small menu, small sized dinning area, and, of course, the BYOB factor.  The one knock I have is the expensive pricing.  Entrees range from 23 - 28ish, but the food is more on the 17 - 22 level.  Nothing to take away, its still a great dinner.  Pricing could be a bit more appropriate.I have been going to this fabulous BYOB prior to there move to south 6th and BCC - before  credit cards.  Love this fish focused restaurant with their creative combinations of seafood and local ingredients prepared creatively and with care and passion.  We always enjoy an evening at Little Fish.I'm not sure if it's possible to have a bad meal here. The seafood is always fresh and cooked to perfection.
The service is always spot-on. Definitely a nice place for a date.
Do not skip out on dessert. You would think the chefs are also pastry/dessert chefs with how delectable and delicate the desserts are. I even ordered the same dessert twice because it was just that good. So save some room! I didn't, but it was so worth ordering it twice.I too am confused with the rave reviews of this place and expected to be wowed... I was not. In terms of seafood, I've definitely had better and fresher... it's possible their seafood is fresh, but the execution of it left more to be desired. Most of my dishes were overcooked and dry. 
I also found it very annoying that all my plates including the  bread plate, was chipped. I am surprised that none of the good reviews mentioned this especially since they paid a decent amount for their dish. I really hope that since I last went there (3 weeks ago) everything has been replaced... 
The waiter too was a little upsetting... he made it seem as though we were going to give him a hard time, before we even got seated and we had to wait longer than we should to be able to order, since the table next to us got there after us and was able to get their order in before we did.What a pleasure.  A great dinner with two friends.  
As Tom, a closet Yelper opened the first bottle of $5 wine he asked me how I could remember enough details to write a review. Well, Tom, when a meal is this good it's hard not to remember all the details.
For starters we tried the Oysters ... oh yeah, pretty awesome.  In particular I liked that only vinegar accompanied the oysters.  As opposed to horseradish and cocktail sauce which drown out the oyster's flavor.  
Appetizers next:
(1) Lobster Tail - holy shit.  Unbelievable sauce.
(2) Yellow Tail Sashimi - begins with fresh and smooth taste followed by an after kick of smoky goodness.  
(3) Scallops - wonderful.
(4) Octopus - the only disappointment.  Confusing taste.  It is spicy? It is smoky?  Is it barbecue?  I don't know ... but it wasn't good.
Entree:
Who would have thought that Black Cod could be SO good.  Wow.  I mean Cod is the same fish they use in McDonald's fish filets and other fried treats ... its not often you see it on the menu of a finer dining establishment.  Enough with the back story, bottom line it was very good.  
Finally Desert:
uh ... can't really say anything good hear.  Both choices were bland and unimpressive.  But, hey kids, its a seafood restaurant, you aren't making your reservation for the desert menu.
Overall: highly recommend.Love this place! Try to come here for their Sunday tastings every time we have an opportunity to do so. Last time we were here tried the following and everything was amazing! 
- Hamachi with cucumbers and Yuzu sauce 
- Salad with Poblano dressing 
- Sishito peppers, seared scallop and roasted carrots
- Honey glazed Escolar with butternut squash purée and roasted squashWent for the 5:30 PM Sunday Night Chef's tasting menu for $33. It was unbelievable worth it! In a 20 seat restaurant, we were seated immediately at a cozy table by the window. 
The 5 plates were:
A Salad with heirloom carrots, radishes, chopped olives, and romaine lettuce
Mussels in a Garlic Sauce with celery and peppers
Kampachi, Raw, with rhubarb and foie gras
Cobie, Grilled with edamamae
Coconut Grits with Banana icecream, pan fried pineapple and cashews.
Each dish was a work of art too, incredibly beautiful!
There were two waitresses working, (Laura and an affable woman with curly brown hair who's name I didn't catch). Both were friendly and Laura was particularly matronly, keeping us hydrated after a "debaucherous" St. Patrick's Day. Thanks Laura! You da best!
Watching each dish get plated for the small crowd was a delight and the two chefs (brothers?) were at ease in the simple, open kitchen. It was really cool to watch them work. I would go back  to this place every Sunday, and certainly during the week. Full marks!This was, by far, the best meal we have had in Philadelphia. All I could think of while eating my scallops, marcona almond, fingerling, foie gras, and some lovely kind of green pepper -- all with a hint of tarragon was Like Water for Chocolate. Seduced by a thoughtful, but subtle, marriage of flavors. My husband's skate entree gave him the same impression. This was all preceded by Eastern oysters served with sherry vinegar and shallots and a lovely caprese salad made with the freshest ingredients. Oh, and did I mention dessert? Ah, mon petite poisson...I'm counting the days until we return!Fantastic hidden gem in Philly!  I went here with two friends during a recent trip down to Philadelphia.  What a nice surprise to discover this restaurant!  All the main dishes and appetizers are tasty.  We were pleasantly surprised how full we were after our seafood dinner as well.It is with great sadness that I share this mediocre review, despite the amazing reviews and recommendations from friends and colleagues. Of note, this is a BYOB establishment and they have tasting menus only on Sundays.
My wife and I came here on a double date, hoping to sample some of the freshest and talked-about seafood dishes in the city. When we arrived, we were quickly seated, but unfortunately sandwiched between two very loud parties without much buffering objects to sooth our bleeding ear drums for the remainder of the meal. The ambiance, aside from the noise, is quite pleasant, like a fancy seashack, with the menu items written with chalk on the blackboard wall. For starters, we tried the fried octopus, the tuna, and hamachi. I must admit that the serving sizes were truly no bigger than a few bite-sized chunks, and the fish seemed to be overwhelmed by the accompanying greens and sauces rather than complimented. The octopus was ok, but for almost twenty dollars, there were a total of 3 tentacles...that's quite absurd. The complimentary bread was tough and the sesame seeds uncooked, although I did like the green sauce.
In terms of the main course, we tried the salmon, halibut and sea bass. Of these three, I have to give compliment to the chef for the sea bass, which was so tender, fresh and perfectly situated on a bed of savory risotto that almost melted my winter heart. Unfortunately, the halibut was very tough, not that tasty or seasoned, and I found myself enjoying the fingerling potatoes more than the restaurant's namesake dishes. The salmon was...ok, felt slightly undercooked. Finally, my biggest disappointment came from the staff. Our waitress was...curt (maybe a bit harsh) but always seemed impatient throughout the dinner. The worst was when she actually interrupted our heated conversation and told us that we needed to leave because there were more patrons, note this was after we had just signed the check.
Having dealt with that un-tasteful discharge tactic, I left Little Fish with an anemic wallet ($300 for 4 w/o dessert) a soured aftertaste and a ruined double date. I will likely not return here unless some of these changes are  made.Went on Sunday for the prix fixe dinner and wow, was I pleasantly surprised.  
The place is warm and cozy and the staff is friendly, but not overly so.  We were immediately seated and drinking our wine as we awaited our 5 course meal.  Everything was amazing, but I especially enjoyed the ceviche, which included a blend of pineapple, bacon bits and something spicy that really just made the dish.  Up until trying this, I hadn't really been a fan of ceviche; Little Fish changed that.
I 100% recommend the prix fixe, as for $33/person, it's quite a steal.  However, if you have any kind of food allergies whatsoever, you may want to call ahead of time to see what the menu is.  Our dessert was filled with peanuts, which my table thoroughly enjoyed, but I can see where this would be a problem to someone with peanut allergies.
Great experience and can't wait to go back!There were 8-9 of us crammed in the corner of little fish on a Monday night to celebrate a friend's birthday. This place is tiny so I wouldn't recommend a big party (6 or more) to dine here. Even with the cramming situation, we still had an amazing time. 
The ambiance and atmosphere is perfect for a romantic date night for couples. The place is kept very neat and simple. The daily menu is posted on the wall made of black board. It's like a restaurant popped out of ikea catalogue.
The menu is really interesting. Of course, all the dishes have ingredients from the sea. Between the 8 of us, we had just about everything from the menu. Fresh oysters, Hamachi ceviche, smoked trout salad, swordfish, tuna, lobster miso soup... I think all the dishes were executed beautifully and exceptionally delicious. All tasted really fresh and simply appetizing at the first look. The chimichuri served with bread is the best I have ever had. 
The cherry on top is that it's a byo so if you wanna cut down on the $$ spent on drinking with your meal..this place is it!
We killed two magnum champagne bottles in addition to two other bottles of wine as well. Yay, byob!
I would definitely return. Not with a large crowd anymore but maybe with a sexy man who makes my heart flutter!Checking off another yummy restaurant on my Philly bucket list. Sundays are the pre-fix menu days, a steal especially since seafood is so expensive. Everything was fresh and delicious. Yes the portions are small but you leave feeling full. I love being able to see the kitchen prep the plates! Definitely a must try for seafood lovers.Sorry to disagree with others, but our experience tonight was only so-so.  The flavors were great, just not executed well.  We started with oysters, and those from the west coast were SUPER salty.  Not sure how much was from the oyster itself, and how much was added via their sauce on top, but overwhelming and not great.  Then we got the Octopus appetizer, and while otherwise tender and flavorful, it was charred to the point that you tasted nothing but that "burnt" taste.  I tried to cut around it, and could tell it would've been spectacular if not charred.  Were the cooks just having an "off-night'??  We then had the Skate and Scallops entrees.  Again the scallops were charred so badly, that it occluded all else. So thus a theme for the evening evolved. There was also SO much crumbled bacon that I yearned for something NOT salty to balance it.  There were some nice fava beans, but they couldn't possibly balance the bacon overload.  And who doesn't love bacon!?  I mean, I DO!!  But it was just too much.  The Skate was cooked perfectly, but the foam sauce was unnecessarily "trying to be fancy", and not that tasty.  While being BYOB helped, it was still very pricey for the experience.  Too many other places to try before we'd go back.Really fresh fish prepared creatively. Small restaurant with open kitchen and nice atmosphere. Not cheap but worth it for the quality of food and the experience. Plus it is byob so you save some money there. Would go back for sure. Had oysters, hamachi, cod, tuna all of which were just great.This is definitely one of my new favorite places to go out to eat in the city. The staff is amazing and very friendly, they are very accommodating to our requests (we have a nut allergy). We tried at least one thing from each part of the menu, each dish is packed with flavor. I love seafood and they didn't leave me disappointed at all. Would recommend this place to anyone!!!it's almost embarrassing that i've never been to this restaurant and lived in philly for 10 years. 
this lil' BYO neighborhood gem did not disappoint - with fish in every app and entree, except for the salad, it was a memorable meal in every way.
i had the Suzuki - Suzuki, little neck clams, fingerling, merguez sausage, roasted pepper --- highly recommended!!!Little Fish is one of my most favorite BYOBs in the city, one of my favorite restaurants anywhere. Their menu changes frequently according to what's freshest, so lucky for your eyeballs, I won't rattle off the every precise detail of every bite we took. I'll keep it short, I'll leave out the intensely dramatic parts where I grab you by the collar and scream right into your face, "Do you understand how perfect it all was?!" I then drop your shirt that's clenched in my fist with disgust, "Eughhh... What will it take to get through to you?!" I'm still gonna have to repeat the word, "Perfect," profusely.
My birthday dinner, a late reservation in this tiny, almost-sitting-in-the-kitchen restaurant, was really pretty perfect. Perfect from the oysters to the octopus, to the skate and the scallops... The beautifully caramelized scallops entree had foie grated all over it so that the shreds melted slightly, so that some became one with the sizzling scallops, fingerling potatoes, and fat juicy porcinis. It became this amazing, absolutely delicious silky silky sauce. Yup, I'd order those scallops again. 
Definitely order the octopus again too. It was some of the best I've ever had from anywhere, and I'll freely admit, I'm one octopus lovin fool. Ours was served char-grilled and tender and so so flavorful. This time the octopus was plated with the uncommon combination of ripe juicy cantaloupe, bursts of salty shriveled oil-cured black olives, thin slices of spicy Summer pickles, and baby basil. This salad was so well thought out, balanced, fresh, and bursting with flavor. And perfect, I should mention.
The ceviche was perfect too! You see what I'm saying? Every dish was so perfectly prepared. So if you're keeping track somehow here, based on our visits to Little Fish I'd order the briny raw oysters, snapper ceviche, octopus, scallops, skate... I didn't even bring up how buttery delicious was that skate... It was.
I'd easily return to Little Fish and have confidence in ordering any given preparation on any given day. I'd order anything under the sea.
Earlier I assured you that I wasn't going to go on and on here about every delicious ingredient, and I did anyway because I'm unscrupulous that way. And self-indulgent. Self indulgent much in the way that we both ordered our own desserts instead of splitting, as we do. But it was big girl's birthday... Brown butter cake with dark red cherry sauce and whipped cream for this one. My husband loved the peach tart, "A man's dessert," he proclaimed it.
So, in summary: Order anything under the sea... and dessert.Thirteen years after I first darkened their doorstep, Little Fish hasn't lost any of its mojo.  The ratio of creativity and culinary artistry to cooking space must be the highest on the planet (or perhaps outside Tokyo).  In this tiny space (maybe ten tables, and a 5 x 10 open kitchen) the chef turns out expertly prepared seafood adorned with the freshest local ingredients, in presentations that rival Bar Lyonnais (where I dined the night before) for aesthetic appeal.  
Our meal consisted of a starter of scallops on an unbelievably fresh, lovely pea puree that we practically licked off the plate, followed by the miso black cod and halibut with morels and aspargus on homemade gnocchi (hats off to the gnocchi maker, lightest I've had in recent memory).  All the dishes were delectable, and the service was just the right mix of warm and professional without a hint of obsequiousness.  The wine list is whatever is chilling in the fridge at the nearby State Wine Shoppe, this being a BYO (as many of the smaller restaurants are in Philadelphia).
Little Fish is a great choice when you're seeking a top-notch dining experience in a laid-back, casual (and, it must be said, minimally decorated) space that borders on hole-in-the-wall.  A unique experience not to be missed if you're a foodie visiting Philadelphia.I've had a yelp account for a couple years now but I never thought to write a review...until now. I went here this past weekend with my girlfriend, and it was one of the best dining experiences I have ever had. I've eaten at restaurants all over the map and never thought I'd find something this good in my own backyard.
I did not want to write a novel of a review so I'll try I best to keep it simple with some adjectives. The food? Delicious, fulfilling, fresh, and top quality; The presentation?  Understated and elegant; The service? Superb; Okay, what about the atmosphere though: Intimate, warm, yet somehow private even with the cozy seating arrangement. 
We ordered a number of different items from the handwritten menus, which I also loved. As a patron, you feel as if you're in some secret hole in the wall--the restaurant is hidden away in a cute neighborhood. When you traverse around the inconveniently placed pole at the front entrance, you enter a restaurant where the music plays softly, but you still hear it, and your conversation isn't drowned out by the conversations of other diners, even when they are 2-3 feet away. Not to mention the open kitchen smack dab in the seating area isn't noisy either. I hate a restaurant that is too loud or painfully quiet, and this place was just right. Seriously, I salute the person responsible for your acoustics. The menu is always changing, but I would say if you ever see the Tasmanian Sea Trout on the menu, do not hesitate to order it because it was the smoothest, tastiest fish I have ever had. 
I will definitely be coming back here, it is worth every cent paid. However, I'd say to fully appreciate a place like this, you should reserve it for very special occasions. Make sure to book a reservation ahead of time, and if you are in need of wine, the servers will direct to a nearby wine store with a great selection of white wines to pair with your seafood (I personally prefer a New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc).Great little seafood restaurant. Looks like it seats 12 max. If you are looking for something intimate and good seafood I highly recommend. BYOB also.I went here for my birthday! It was legit. Best oysters in Philly imho. The salmon was cray! But the striped bass was just ok.Small, cozy seafood byob in Queen Village.  The menu changes on a daily basis and generally consists of 2 types of oysters (one from the east coast and one from the west coast), about 3 appetizers, and 5 entrees. We ordered each type of oyster, the grilled octopus salad, the skate (fin of a sting ray), and mackerel. All were really good and were prepared with different types of sauces that added a nice tanginess to it.We went here as a party of 4 for the first time with friends who have been often.  I actually thought the food was good but don't go unless you like seafood because that is all that is offered.  We ordered appetizers and shared all of them including octopus, white asparagus, shrimp and a sea bass.  The appetizers definitely outshined the main courses.  We had dessert which was fine and coffee as well.  The space is cozy and intimate with a nice atmosphere and I loved the black and white details. I would have given 4 stars but after we ate we were repeatedly asked to move our conversation outside by our server because they only allow 2 hours for a dinner reservation and we had been there 2 hours.  It was really strange as that's never happened to us before. The party waiting for our table did seem pretty pushy so I'm not sure what that says about the clientele there.  I'm not sure we would go back. It was just sort of an unusual experience.Tasty and charmingly tiny. I could have used some more veggies on the entree though.Outstanding. Pricey but absolutely worth it. Everything I've eaten here has been one of the best things I've eaten in Philly. A must if you like fish.I'm not sure I could love this little restaurant more. The food was creative and delicious. Even dessert was perfect - I would have expected that dessert would be mundane when the seafood was perfect, but it just continued the theme. Had lobster, fluke and black bass -- all wonderful.All I can say is WoW! 
No frills, small...yet the service was flawless. 
The best fish I have ever tasted and I have over a half century of eating experience...and I really like to eat! Tasmanian Sea Trout...fantastic! Hamachi ceviche...fabulous! And it's BYOB, so I blew in with a nice $9 Sauvignon Blanc to accompany it. Just go!The food here is inventive, very delicious and presented with style.   I ordered for the table the scallops and calamari to start and 4 different entrees and split everything up.  The halibut ended up being the crowd favorite but each dish had a unique appeal.  To finish we ordered a key lime dessert and some sort of chocolate tart.....a perfect ending. 
Warning: Don't go with large hungry men like I did because the portions are on the smaller side.  We went through many bread servings to try to fill them up.I've been dining at little fish since it was a secret.  unfortunately, such a good thing was bound to catch on some time.  although i think over the last decade the portions have gotten a little smaller and the prices a little higher - its still one of my favorite places to eat. BYOB makes it more reasonable.  the new location is great - hasn't lost the feeling that you are in someone's home and they are cooking dinner just for you (which they basically are).  i even took my husband while we were dating who "did not do fish" and its now one of his favorites too!  we spend so many special occasions at little fish, its like the staff knows us.  its perfectly intimate and romantic.  service is always friendly and efficient.  best mussles in the world.  so grateful for this place!I really wanted to love this place, given the reviews I've heard of it, but I didn't. The space is quaint and I do like being able to watch the chefs plate the food, and the food is good but it's not worth the $38-40 a dish price tag. Perhaps it's better for a couple, but our party of 5 waited for 1.5 hours to get our meal. If you're going to seat 5 people you should be able to serve 5 people in a timely manner. The 2 tops all around us were being served and finishing even before we got our meal- despite them arriving after us. We waited a long time for apps and there was very little communication from the wait staff except when she brought the appetizer out- they did comp that but then we waited another 30-45 minutes for our main course. I absolutely regret the decision to spend that amount of money here. We could have created a much better meal at home with that amount and it would've been warm. I was so disappointed.
On top of it all 2 of the 5 people had some major gastrointestinal distress throughout the night from it.  Everyone has a bad night, but it hurts more when the price tag is Sooo high. I wouldn't mind so much if the dishes were $20 each- but I expect a lot more for $40 a plate.I absolutely love this place! First its BYOB which is a huge money saver.  Also the fish is clean clean clean.  There is no fishy smell that you get in some restaurants.  I still can't understand why people would order fishy fish.  If it smells like fish then it's bad!! Anyway, this pace is small cozy and cash only.  The entrees are excellent portions and the menu changes seasonally.  Try to get there before 9 as the specials may be gone.  The only other drawback is that you may have to wait awhile for your table.  Not to worry, they sometimes make up for it in hospitality.Spent Valentines 2015 here w/ Bae and it was absolutely amazing. Small dishes bursting with flavor. He did slurp a bad clam but other than that, no complaints. Can't wait to returnBetter wash your hands, because you'll be licking your fingers. We only wish our stomachs were bigger so we could order more dishes. It's that good! A bit on the pricey side, though, but worth it. It's a great place for a date night. The kitchen is integrated with the dining area, and there is room for maybe 6 couples, at most. You may get lucky if you get there early enough like we did, but next time we come here we're definitely making reservations.One of the best restaurants in Philly. Atmosphere is cozy and laid-back. Lighting is dim and decor simple. I love how you're free to idle over your meal, never feeling rushed out the door. It has a nice euro bistro vibe in that way. I've gone as a party of 2 and a party of 10 and either way got the same treatment. NOW ONTO THE FOOD.
If you like fish, this place is an absolute must. Every dish I've tried has been wonderfully delicious-- and unique. I have no idea how they come up with the sauces and mix of flavors, but it is mind-blowing and unlike anything I've tried before. The menu changes daily, so it's a surprise to go each time. Last time I was there they offered a lobster, tomato, avocado appetizer that, a month later, I can't stop thinking about.
I can't recommend this place enough.I went to the $40 prix fixe and it was great.
Here's what I remember
-hamachi, raw, with cucumber and tomato and fennel
-roasted raddichio with a plum sauce (the sauce was AMAZE)
-ratatouille with smoky pureed eggplant, ribbons of yellow zucchini and dabs of vegetable stew
-hot fresh bread with chimmichurri sauce
-(the biggest course): tilefish with greens
-the included dessert: a cornbread pudding thing with blackberrries, sage whipped cream, and hazelnut praline (sort of like a stiffer tuile)
on my budget the prix fixe is way more doable than a typical night at LF. my bf liked not having to make any choices. service was really great, and it felt special; all the guests were speaking in hushed tones.It took an out of towner to bring me to this place and; I am so glad they came for a visit! Our first attempt was last minute on a Sunday, where we learned that not only were we too late - but that Sunday offered a Price-Fix menu and the second seating had already started. Not to be deterred we booked a reservation for Monday. As reported by others, the place is tiny and a wee loud with the open kitchen but once you are greeted and seated you feel like you are in your own little world. We started with a mixed half dozen of oysters: East Coast vs West Coat - I could have eaten them all night. The Island Creek Oyster with migonette won out for me.  We moved on to the Peeky Toe Crab with cucumber, avocado, black radish - and while delicious in flavor - there were way more shells than I am comfortable with on such a small dish and was a little distracting. The main course brought on the Mahi Mahi with crab fregola, tomato vinaigrette and tiny arugula. I have no idea what my dining companion ate since my face was practically licking the dish the whole time. I rounded out dinner with the Chocolate truffle torte with black cherries - which I was completely unable to finish since I was so happily full, but wasn't leaving with out a taste! I am a big fan of leisurely dining and this two hours was well spent. The staff is helpful, knowledgeable and as much of the experience as the food. I can't wait to book early & try the Sunday situation! The website says reservations are recommended - I think they are a must!Muddy over fiddled with fish , the quality of which seemed fine if you could taste it..
Nice crowd.
Not again; sorry folks!!I was compelled to write an update after visiting again this past Sunday. Time and time again this place impresses and stands out among the rest in a very competitive and wonderful food scene. We try not to repeat too much because there are so many great/new places to try in Philly but the ever changing ridiculously creative menu gives a new experience each time. 
This past Sunday I had one of the best dishes EVER!  Perfectly seared scallop sitting in a bowl filled with the most perfect summer "soup" silky smooth corn and coconut purée , creamy but light and fresh. Slightly sweet but garnished with slightly spicy shishito peppers to balance it out aaaaamazing!!!  These guys love what they do and it shows!
They cook fish perfectly every time and the sauces/accompaniments  are always complex unique and complimentary 
Service is always in point. Runs like clockwork but is always friendly never invasive or pushy. It's byob and I seriously still cannot get over the price for such high quality and such a great experience time and time again
Please do not change a thing!!!!!This place is terrible. The food is just normal but super expensive. The waitress said that since we didn't make a reservation so we need to sit outside. And after we sit, order and wait more than half an hour,  the food came, the outside already turned very cold and dark. By the way, we put 80 dollars for big plates with 'little fish'. First time and the last time!A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!! went for the sunday tasting menu and that's all i needed to say this place is yum!! perfect portions to give you a good sample and reasonably priced.  Make sure to call in advance as this place is as tiny as mouse hole! BYOBs like this are my favorite. Can't wait to go back for the real thing.This is a small, unpretentious, delicious byob.  The service was a little slow but I guess this is part of the atmosphere.  I had the salmon for my entree...it was mixed with blueberries, hearts of palm, lima beans and a buttermilk emulsion, as I recall.  Simply delicious.  You definitely pay for this high quality but for me, its worth it.My boyfriend took me here for my birthday because I heard it was good. A lot of times when I hype up a restaurant in my head, it doesn't meet my expectations but this place exceeded them. I tried each of the oysters which were very tasty and flavorful. We split the peekytoe crab pasta appetizer which was great, and my boyfriends favorite part of dinner. I got some sort of Mediterranean Sea bass prepared with broccoli purée, Brussels sprouts, polenta, hazelnuts and raisins for the entree and couldn't stop raving about it. Totally worth the money he shelled out for that dinner. I'd def go back for a special occasion. The restaurant was definitely a bit cramped but it was kind of fun to watch the chefs cook your dinner right there!We dined here without having made a reservation and was fortunate to get a table on a week night. It wasn't too busy and the BYOB status was definitely a plus. 
Space: A little tight, but it's a small restaurant in a rowhome type layout. The headlights shining through the windows from the traffic outside could have you feeling like a deer in headlights. None of these are negative to me :) I walked as I figured the location meant that parking will be a challenge I wasn't in the mood for.
Service: Great! The server was very knowledgeable about the menu and responsive to our needs. Very attentive and kind.
Food: Amazing! I thought the octopus appetizer was a bit salty but I may have been confusing it with the charred sections. The pasta dish we had was tasty. The stars of the night were the bigeye rare tuna dish and my cod. LOVED them! Great taste and presentation. Unfortunately I wasn't into the dessert options at the time. 
Price: Affordable! Advantages of BYOB. 
I definitely recommend this restaurant! Neighborhood gem and tops for seafood.Nice intimate environment, knowledgeable staff with a true understanding and passion about the food they are serving. Everything was extremely fresh and delicious. 
There were a few choices outside of my (very boring) comfort zone, but everything on the menu was amazing. Definitely a great option for a date.This place is the real deal! Wow, what a great spot. Hubby got the tuna, I got the sea bass, and started with the scallops. It was all phenomenal!! The atmosphere is super fun - teen tiny, but organized chaos which feels nice and lively. Service was perfect. Love the BYOB option. Make reservations!Holy mackerel!  We made a reservation back in January for the first Sunday seating available, which was March 14th.  We were very excited for this meal, and it was well worth the wait.  The five course tasting menu was fabulous, start to finish, and we'll be making a reservation for sometime in the (likely distant) future to experience this seafood delight again.
We arrived a little early and had our pick of tables, taking a two-top along the wall.  We came hungry and had to wait a little while before the homemade bread was served.  Luckily, we brought a large bottle of wine to pass the time.  The bread came out steaming with some flavorful basil citrus sauce for dipping.  We enjoyed the small,  personal atmosphere, especially the aromas coming from the kitchen as the next course was being prepared.
After a light arugula salad with beets and blood orange, "onward ho" to the three main courses.  Course two was a crab "soup" dish.  The dish consisted of a heap of lump crab meat topped with a very thin slice of duck, all placed in a low pool of a carrot and ginger bisque.  This dish was superb, but slightly overshadowed by the third course, which was my favorite.  A seared diver scallop served with bits of country ham and pineapple.  The sweet and savory matched up so well with the scallop, which was absolutely mouth-watering.  Each bite evoked audible delight.  You could see the smiles around the room as our fellow patrons savored this creation.  Simple, yes, but perfectly executed.  Last course before the torte was a corvina (fish) fillet garnished with risotto, lime, and lobster.  I would liken these dishes to standing in the ocean and being pummeled by three waves (of flavor) in quick succession.  Our taste buds were swimming with delight.
In addition to the fabulous tastes and aromas, the servers were very friendly and accessible.  The environment during the tasting was one of more than just a dinner.  It was a culinary excursion shared by twenty people, each as eager as the next to embark on the following course.  You could see it on the faces of our fellow patrons as they walked in that they (1) love the place and were happy to be back, or (2) first timers who were excited to find out if it lives up to the hype.  Let me tell you, it lives up to the hype.  Little Fish will shiver your timbers, or should I say taste buds.  Make a reservation for the Sunday tasting, and experience the best seafood restaurant in Philly.I was really pleased to be able to get Sunday night prix fixe reservation here on our recent trip to Philadelphia!
We were thwarted in our attempts to B our own B by confusingly archaic Pennsylvania liquor laws, but the waiter found us half a bottle that someone had left from the last seating and so we got to drink that, haha.
The atmosphere is QUITE cozy, with just a handful of tables. The food started to arrive pretty quickly- I don't remember all of the course we had, but I remember there was a delicious dish with rock shrimp, cilantro and watermelon. I enjoyed the surprise menu and getting to try a variety of courses for a reasonable price. I don't know if I would go back on a regular night, but the prix-fixe is pretty great.
My only real complaint is the lack of air conditioning, which made it really hot at the end of the meal (and yet for some reason I chose to order coffee with our dessert, a tasty berry crumble... why??).I've been wanting to try Little Fish for quite some time now- it did not disappoint. It's a small and lovely BYOB with only a few tables- nice ambience. We ordered oysters, the lobster off the little bites menu, tuna, madai snapper, halibut, black bass, and the chocolate cake for dessert. Everything was excellent, cooked perfectly and flavored really well. Little bite portions are 'little bites' indeed, so make sure you order enough for the table.I suggest making a reservation as this place is very small inside.  With that said, as my first time there, it was a great experience.  The menu is small and changes daily.  The octopus appetizer was amazing.  It had so many different components (pineapple, avocado, radish, cornbread) but they came together beautifully with the grilled octopus.  I also had the cod in some sort of miso broth with rock shrimp, mushrooms and hearts of Palm.  The fish was so tender and flaky that I couldn't stop eating it.  We also started off with the oysters which were also very fresh and delicious.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant if you like fish, but remember to bring your own wine as it's BYOB.My husband took me out to this place for my birthday dinner and it was perfect ! An intimate and romantic place , yet not uptight or stuffy ! The food was cooked to perfection and the portion size was perfect ! I am not an expert on fish , but the quality and the flavor combinations was spot on ! The dessert was a mint ice cream family with blueberry jam and fresh blueberries with toasted Hazelnuts,which was divine ! The staff is very efficient and helpful ! Perfection in simplicityAmazing quality and thought go into these dishes. Flavors are subtle enough to really showcase the fish nicely. It comes at a cost though. I've spent less at places that weren't BYOB. Perfect for a special occasion.Little Fish is very good with a small menu but good choices and everything is fresh and creative without being too busy. They take reservations also which is nice for a BYOB.. I would say the only negative is that although we made reservations and arrived early they tried to stick us at the table right to the left as you walk in next to a bucket of dirty dish towels. I understand space is an issue but as most my complaints with some of the smaller restaurants in PHL ---no matter how great the food is you have got to pay attention to detail. Dirty  towel bucket is not yummy  to look at particularly with hefty entree prices. Needless to say we sat elsewhere so all wasy good.My mom and my lady friend at the time had the same birthday, so at the end of October, we had a double date at Little Fish. 
It is quite tiny, but the food is fabulous.  There is a changing lineup of 5 courses, with perfectly appropriate portions and diversity of dishes. 
oh, and bring your own!!This is a great restaurant. It is a BYOB seafood gem located in South Philly. Perfect for 2 or 4 people. Many dishes had a raw component which I love but some may find this a little limiting. However, no matter what you order you will be pleased.
We brought a very nice Pinot Noir and the wine worked very well with their menu.
We had an OpenTable reservation and I imagine this place can get crowded on weekends - maybe too crowded for walk-ins. I would strongly suggest a reservation.
One other thing I noted is that they have a Sunday price-fix/fixed menu offering - with 2 seatings -  that seems to be very popular.
This place was a great find for us so if you are looking for some terrific seafood in an intimate setting give it a go!Another five-star review for a place I've only been to once, but honestly, this place was phenomenal. From the get-go, service was outstanding and the atmosphere, albeit a small space, was inviting. I let the hubby get the view of the chefs preparing the food and he really enjoyed it.
After reading so many rave reviews of the octopus, we both agreed we needed to order it and let me tell you, it's the best we've ever had. I could've ordered another one for my entree and been perfectly happy! It was grilled and served with these fun, scallop-shaped rice cakes (at first we were excited and thought they were scallops!) and buttery sauce. I wish I'd snuck a menu home so I could accurately recant what we had, but alas, I can only tell you that it's worth every penny and hope that comes across as amazing in your eyes.
For entrees, I had the monk fish with barley, some kind of fresh green pesto, escargot, and oyster mushrooms and the hubby got the mackerel (sorry I can't remember what it had with it, only that the bit he gave me was awesome and the skin crisp and silky). Both were truly decadent, complicated, delicious dishes. 
This was a special occasion for us, so I was expecting to spend more than usual, but I honestly feel that the price was right for the quality of the food. I was also pleasantly surprised by the quantity, which can sometimes be light-handed at fancier places but was not the case here. These guys don't let you leave hungry! 
We wished we'd saved room for the rhubarb pie or chocolatey donuts I saw pass by, but we couldn't even finish our entrees! 
Service was also great- both servers worked together to make sure no water/wine glasses went empty and they were genuinely good at their jobs. A true gem in S. Philly- can't wait for another special occasion to give us a reason to spoil ourselves :) Maybe we'll try the Sunday night chef's tasting menu....Typically I never write Yelp reviews, but I think my experience warrants a review. An avid food lover, I tend to scour the yelp reviews for a good restaurant. However, today I was severely disappointed. Never have I ate such unsatisfactory food. The yelp reviews below promise very scrumptious and fresh seafood, but our night started and ended with completely burnt food. 
This is a small establishment so only a waitress and a single chef staff the whole establishment, which is fine if the food came out perfect. Instead they came out 45 minutes later and completely burnt. We ordered the octopus appetizer and it was burnt, but the waitress insisted that it was "charred" when the whole table tasted the bitter burnt taste. Optimistically we dismissed the "charred" appetizer, but when our entrees came out (monkfish and wild Cobia), the vegetables were completely burnt and the fish barely heated. The bitter taste of the vegetables permeated the sauce, ruining any fish or shortrib we were eating. Finally, our last friend ordered the Atlantic Cod, and it was tasteless and  bland. 
We were seriously shocked to find such a huge discrepancy between the reviews and the food we were eating. 
While the waitress was relatively friendly and helpful, we were sincerely disappointed in the food. I think this establishment might have potential, but really should consider expanding their staff.I took my wife here for her birthday, having never been but had heard and read positive reviews.  We loved it. The daily menu allowed for a variety of diets and palettes, while maintaining their focus on wonderful fish.  The service was wonderful - accommodating and helpful, yet not intrusive - friendly but not annoying.  Really, everything we could have asked for. I'm a fish snob, and this was the best prepared fish I've had in Philadelphia and the surrounding region (really, the East Coast).  Perfectly cooked on that line of just-barely cooked enough, just as you'd like a trout.  Plating was beautiful and creative but not over the top - and the amount of food was still too much to finish.  The server brought a specially-prepared dessert to accommodate our diet, as a complimentary dish for the birthday celebration.
Oh, and, duh, it's BYO. Our server was wonderfully attentive, filling whenever necessary, but, again, not intrusive - just, appropriate.Fabulous meal -- the best fish I have had in Philadelphia, and at a BYOB!  A tiny, handwritten menu, all super fresh and super creative.  The only miss was that our entrees arrived about 5 minutes apart.Little Fish has a wide variety of seafood options. There is an open kitchen so you can see the chefs cook your food as you wait and chat. The food is delicious. For entrees we tried the Monkfish and the Tuna. The vegetables that come with both dishes were amazing and cooked perfectly. 
The monkfish came with porkbelly which was cooked to perfection! Definitely would recommend this place for a good date night or celebrating something with friends. It's a bit pricey but the food makes it all worth the price.Went back for the Sunday dinner again.  I thought it was the same....great.  But Carrie liked it a lot more, just because there was no sardine.  Awesome, awesome place.Shared Kompachi and Salad small plates, had Halibut, Tuna, and Grouper. Everything was delicious. Bring a nice bottle of wine or two.A far too disappointing new year's menu. We think they should stick with their regular chef's menu that they serve on Sundays. New Years eve menu was way  over priced and totally DISAPPOINTING!!!! It sucks to end 2011 this way.... :( We are long time regulars of this place n its sad that they charge such a high price for such a SLOW n Painfully long  3+ hours mediocre dinner so NOT worth what they charged. The CHEF's have set a very high standard themselves with their awesome Sunday night dinners which is $33 per person for a 4 course dinner VS the new year eve dinner $100 + for a 6 course and downright  bad food. One thing is for sure, it's gonna take us a while before we even think of making a reservation at Little Fish.First time we went to here it was the most amazing experience. The food was awesome, the service good. The second time we went it did not live up to the first time, hence losing a star. Still I would recommend getting a reservation and trying it out.Little fish is a great BYO in queen village. The good was great and very fresh. There's a nice casual atmosphere. The space leaves a bit to be desired aesthetically and some of the dishes can be a bit pricey.The Sunday dinner is indeed all it's cracked up to be.  Brought out of town guests here and it was definitely the right choice.  I wouldn't call the portions large, but that's really not the point.  Each dish seems to be prepared so carefully and thoughtfully, it makes you think you're at somewhere very fancy (when in fact you're in one the more sparse BYO dining rooms - I think only Salt and Pepper beats it for bare bones).Little Fish could hold the title of the best seafood meal I have ever had in my life. That is right, my life. 
It is a bit expensive but totally worth it. And it's byob which is great. This is my go to "treat myself" type of place. 
I highly recommend Little Fish, you cannot go wrong here.I've been intrigued by Little Fish since I first discovered it in Queen Village near my favorite italian restaurant.  We finally decided to try it out the other night- we called to see if there was a table available (one of 7 in the restaurant) and the hostess was able to accommodate us- (despite the fact that they were booked up that night) so we rushed out the door.  
The dining room was cozy and quaint with an open kitchen and classic decor - surprisingly comfortable, intimate setting.  Our server greeted us and gave us a thorough description of each of the fish entrees on the menu that night, she was very knowledgeable and helpful with everything.  We started  things off with the calamari appetizer- sauteed in a tomato, caper, and pastina sauce- it was tangy, light and delicious - a small taste of what was to come.  For the entrees I ordered the red snapper prepared in a red sauce with mussels and preserved lemon on top, my boyfriend got the mahi mahi prepared with a curry and sweet potato sauce.  Both dishes were out of this world- probably the best seafood I have ever eaten, and certainly one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. The portions were just the right size- not too big or small.
I don't usually go for dessert, but since the entrees were so amazing, I was curious.  We chose a pumpkin mousse- it had a subtle, slightly sweet flavor and was the perfect end to an amazing dinner.  
I'm looking forward to returning for their sunday night prix fixe dinner that I've heard so many good things about.  
Overall an amazing dining experience - highly recommended.If I lived in Philly had some kids, and I wanted to raise my kids to be healthy with discerning and exquisite palates, I would take them to Little Fish every Sunday for dinner.  Actually, if I lived in Philly and didn't have kids, I would still go to Little Fish every Sunday.  At $33, the 5-course meal is an astonishing bargain.
Reasons why Little Fish rocked Fats' world:
- Every dish was delicious and imaginative
- The quality of ingredients was extremely high
- The presentation was stunning
- The chefs manage to create these amazing dishes in a tiny kitchen, how do they do this???
- Everything was seafood related and yet tasted remarkably fresh...on Sunday!  How???
- The restaurant is BYOB, which means you can bring whatever you want to drink!
- The restaurant is charmingly low-key and very comfortable
- The staff was extremely helpful
- The open kitchen was fascinating 
- Everything felt healthy and the portions were just right, so we left feeling fresh and energetic (a rarity after 5-courses)
PARTING THOUGHT: I can't wait to go back and eat at Little Fish again!  This would be easily 2-3x the price in NY!Would be a 5, but they have to do something about the air conditioning in the summer, and their oysters are excellent but pricey. Otherwise, wonderful seafood BYOB.In an of itself, Little Fish might be a slightly better than average BYOB seafood restaurant.  Based on the other Yelp reviews I read prior to my visit, Little Fish was a total disappointment.
Yes, this little restaurant is a BYO with extremely fresh seafood.  The quality is top notch, that is clear.  It alone carries this rating.  Beyond that, it offers little.  The ambiance is nothing to get excited over - its tiny, gets hot quickly, and the only intimacy you'll get is with the table next to you.  Service is friendly, but extremely slow.  By the time we left, the place was packed, but since it didn't start that way, I don't know what caused  the hold up.  Finally, the portions could be described as "cute" but aren't balanced with the prices charged (even given the quality).
I could be wrong... the other reviews paint an awesome picture which might have raised my expectations.  I also didn't take advantage of the BYO side, going instead with a coworker from out of town empty handed.  Still, I'm not sure that enough to leave me to wonder if I just visited on a off-night...One of my family's favorite seafood restaurant back in Philadelphia,  very well cooked seafood and presented very nice. People were so kind too and they already knew us as a regular costumer.We have come here many times for the Sunday tasting menu. It is phenomenal and worth every penny. Each time we have gone we have gotten different courses and each one is amazing. It's also byob which is nice!This place is outstanding.  The fish is delicious, the preparations are fresh and new and I love being able to watch a chef do their thang.   I enjoyed every dish I had, but if you don't like the menu try again soon, b/c it is seasonal.  The prices were not out of hand, but the food sure was.  It's a BYOB which helps keeps costs down.  Call ahead for reservations, b/c the place is the size of a postage stamp.  That of course means the service is excellent.  My blog review should explain it all and if not then the pictures sure will.  http://gonegluten-free.com/2012/05/01/gluten-free-eats-in-philly-little-fish/