Since moving to Fishtown this summer, my other half and I have had a few meals at Lloyd, and we consider it to be one of our favorite spots in the neighborhood.
Meal favorites: For Sunday brunch, I loved the McLloyd - pancakes smothered in maple syrup with eggs, cheese, and sausage - perfect if you like sweet and savory together for breakfast. He had the Cuban Benedict special, which had an excellent flavor. They have great food specials for dinner and brunch, but some of our dinner favorites include the savory chicken waffle small plate (shareable) and the Lloyd Burger.  
You can't go wrong with drinks. The bourbon sweet tea is amazing, and the Manhattan was one of the best I've ever had. We have also tried some of their whiskey flights, which are reasonably priced and great whiskeys that we might not have otherwise stumbled upon. Last but not least, they have great happy hour specials, and the classic Citywide shot and beer combo. 
This is a great spot any day of the week. We enjoy the low key atmosphere and friendliness of the waitstaff and bartenders.I stopped in the evening of St. Patty's just to check this place out & see what they have to offer.  A "Whiskey Bar" it is!  A nice wooden bar to your left upon walking in, with small tables dispersed around the perimeter of the restaurant.   They offer a solid selection of whiskey & bourbon at reasonable prices.  The bar staff was very knowledgeable and will help you make a decision if your not a connoisseur. 
  I toyed with the idea of going with a whiskey flight but I was tight on time.  My experience was great, and I look forward to going back here to explore their food options.The reviews seemed promising, maybe they had an off night, but the food here was not good. We were a small group of 3 and tried a handful of dishes: pulled pork sliders, mac and cheese, cheddar and chorizo fries, BBQ duck wings, aside from the BBQ duck wings everything was just not god, mac and cheese was watery and lacked flavor, fries were boring, sliders were just ok. With so many other restaurants popping up in this area I doubt I"ll go back and give it a second chance. 
I can't say much about the drinks, I think my sister was happy with the manhattan she ordered. I got a whiskey sour, I know not very adventurous, but didn't finish it, after you've tasted a well made whiskey sour, its hard to drink any others.Last weekend my girlfriend and I , both half insane with cabin fever, decided to walk up to Girard Ave and grab a bite to eat and a couple drinks. As we strolled we listed off our choices trying to make the decision as we walked...East Girard Gastropub, Kraftwork, Frankford Hall, Interstate 295...all good places to which we have already been. But as we passed each one they all looked like sardine cans. Instead of sardines they were packed with humans. Humans that smelled worse than fish in a can. So, we kept on. 
Then we passed Lloyd and decided to give it a try. My girlfriend loves whiskey,  the menu looked interesting, and it was busy, but not filled to the gills. So, in we went. 
My immediate reaction to the decor/ambiance was that it felt like an upscale VFW. The bar is adorned with mismatched stuffed armchairs (cozy!) and fun vintage wall art that has a cabin in the woods and/or dark pool hall feel. There was something just a little off on the overall vibe. I got the sense that the owners had a limited budget to dedicate towards the design and decor. Maybe it was the startlingly white acoustical grid ceiling, or the Pergo floors that make that dreadful hollow knocking sounds when you walk across them, or maybe it was the off-the-shelf white folding residential closet door covering what I assume was a storage closet. This sounds overly nit-picky, but when I think "whiskey bar" I imagine a dark, dimly lit, cozy space with dark (real) wood accents and leather. Also, it lacked a good seating area adjacent to the bar. A overly wide space between the tables and bar felt like an unused dance floor. 
But enough about the design of the space. Now to the important part. The food.
I got suckered into some special cocktail that was made with a whiskey that aged for 6 months in some special aged oak barrel. It was yummy, but at $13 a pop - I didn't go for another round. For food bits we got roasted beets in a siracha honey glaze, chicken liver mousse pate with bread, and a mozzarella & prosciutto with broccoli rabe sandwich. I loved the beets and the chicken liver. The sandwich was  good, but basic. There wasn't a crumb left on any of the plates and the servings were pretty generous.  The two cocktails my ladyfriend had were also super yummy, and a much more reasonable $9 a piece.
Overall I enjoyed my experience. The service was very good, the food hit the spot. I would go back again to try their other offerings. I only dwell so long on the ambiance of the place because I think they have a good thing going, but in a town like Philly where there are so many good restaurants with great atmosphere and design, a restaurant has to do more than make good food to survive long term. I hope this place continues to do well. It's great having another quality place to go to in Fishtown.The service here is just incredible. I was always a little shy asking what whiskies to try.....its a whiskey bar filled with whiskey fans. I didnt be made fun of!
But nope. The bartender, Scott I believe his name was, told me about the flights. He said if I was a newbie, the flights wouldnt be that great for me and made me a custom flight. And it was perfect. I now know exactly what to get and what style I like. Scott was also there any time my glass was empty....even when the bar got packed, he was on top of ever drink order with the quickness. 
Oh, and get food. Anything you get here is awesome.Yes, this is a Whiskey Bar, but if you go in and just order booze you're making a terrible mistake. 
I took my boyfriend a few months ago and when we went, the crowd was generally in their late 20's - late 30's with a Hipsterish vibe. We were seated in front of the door at a small table which... admittedly did pose a few minor inconveniences. My boyfriend ordered a Whiskey Sampler, we split an appetizer, and we each got a sandwich... and we tried to play tetris to make it all fit and ended up using the table next to us until we were done out appetizer. As it was winter, every time the door opened we got extremely cold, and since we had winter coats that we kept on the bench behind me, when the next couple was seated at the table next to us we were so close that I had to scramble to try and compact our coats as much as possible and sit on them just so other people could sit. (Not to sound like a slob or someone that needs so much space, its just a super small area that would better suit one person rather than two and might use one less table to create just a little more breathing room)
But the food was incredible. We got the cheese fries with oxtail to split, and I got the fried chicken sandwich. Mouth-watering good. We also got the Salted Caramel Bacon Cream Puffs for dessert and they were so good! It's a bit more expensive than what we usually opt for, but for a once in a while treat, it's definitely a place we'll go back to. Highly recommended!!Although I love pretty much anything that has to do with whiskey, I'm giving this place a thumbs down. Overpriced and underwhelming. The ambiance is super contrived (I typed that even at the risk of sounding like a huge douch-nozzle) and the wait staff are useless.I didn't like this place at all. Those devil eggs things were disgusting and this seems more of a bar than a restaurant. Good bloody Mary's but that was itI went here with my wife, our toddler son, and a friend for dinner on a Monday.  The food was good and arrived fast.  The servers (Andrea and Tom) were friendly, professional, and 100% on top of everything.  Everyone was kind to our son and understood the quirks of a kid his age.  We were all made to feel very comfortable from start to finish.  We had brussels sprouts, fries, a burger with pork belly, some craft beers (good selection), and sandwiches.    I would absolutely go here again.These guys get hospitality! I had a chance to chat with the owners while I was there and Scott and Taylor really get it! Great food, great service, great people, all at a great price! I will be back!Not my usual go to for brunch, so when friends suggested we dine there today I welcomed the change up.  This is first and foremost a whiskey bar, so the brunch menu is somewhat limited.  But, the selections were varied and the specials leaned on the foodie side of the equation.  I was pleasantly surprised.  Had the Lobster Omelette with a side salad and diced potatoes skillet cooked home fry style.  It was sublime.  Lobster was wrapped inside the omelette so the flaky chunks of lobster tail were preserved.  Appealing to see and delicious to bite into.  Also attractively priced- $14.  Lloyd's is a strong alternative Sunday brunch recommend if you are tired of Green Eggs, Honey's, Cafe Lyft, etc.Great ambience for a night out. The catfish sandwich was very good. It has collard greens which I don't typically like but the lemon aioli dressing made it delicious. Happy hour goes till 8! Someday I'll have to try all the whiskeys.A gem in the city. I'm not even a whiskey/bourbon drinker but I got a bourbon sweet tea and it was great. Very drinkable...maybe a little too easy to drink that I would have a few too many! Haha my Husband got a whiskey sour with egg whites and he also loved it (he's a bartender that's hard to please and really respects when a drink is made correctly). This place is the real deal and has plenty of whiskey options and specials. Venture out here is you want a classic, delicious whiskey drink! Their food is great too!I was at Lloyd about a month ago, not for the first time,  and I feel the need to review. The food is delicious and they have an awesome happy hour. The craft beer selection is on point and as a whiskey bar, they have a large selection of tasty whiskey. I highly recommend the Buffalo Trace Bourbon.ATTENTION WHISKEY DRINKERS!!!! This is the place to be and I've had the chance to taste WhistlePig Whiskey... The barmaid is amazing and the place has a home feeling. Very chill and a huge variety of whiskey to choose. I love this place!!! Also the city special is available. The pork belly nuggets satisfied my palate as well; I'm tempted to try the fried deviled eggs, maybe the next visit.This place is fantastic. They have a dozen beers on tap and the selling point was a hell of cocktail. we had a few different kinds and Remember The Maine was the crowd favorite. For film aficionados, there's a Shining theme happening here--you'll be glad to know, they don't take it as far as axe holes in the bathroom door.Fantastic service, above average food, outstanding whisky selection, and the best old fashions I've had in Philadelphia.I was looking for somewhere new to grab dinner and a beer when I'm too lazy to cook, and read about this new Fishtown spot via Twitter.  Suddenly what I really wanted was a burger and a scotch.  I decided to trek through the first snow/sleet/nastiness of the season to check it out.
After reading up on the brand new bar, I was hoping for "Village Whiskey, Fishtown Edition" and that is exactly what I got.  No, they don't have 50 single malt scotches on the menu.  But the do have close to 10, at a big discount from Village Whiskey's prices.  And they have my personal favorite scotch -- Laphroaig 10yr -- which I enjoyed with an excellent burger. (It's not really fair to compare to the Village Whiskey burger, which is arguably the best burger in the city, so I won't.)
Overall, my first visit was excellent, and I will most likely find myself there again every time someone I've shared a drink with at Village Whiskey is in my neighborhood.Have been very happy that Lloyd's has finally found their place! We had high hopes for it when it first opened, and finally they are exactly what he had hoped they would become... one of our favorite neighborhood hang out spots. The staff are welcoming and friendly, always at the ready to make recommendations. Perfect spot for drinks or grabbing a bite to eat. Eclectic menu with delicious offerings - deep fried devil eggs, duck sliders, and their cheese board are a few of our favorites. Check them out!Foodie Heaven
This is my favorite place for a delicious (and gluttonous) brunch. It's never too crowded at 11am when they open for brunch, so "no waiting with a hangry fiancé" makes it my mans favorite place as well. Always check their specials menu and order a charcuterie board- you won't regret it.
Good beer selection, awesome whiskey selection and if you try the donut you'll know why this place is a neighborhood favorite.Lloyds is simply a beautiful bar with great drinks and food. A great addition to the neighborhood. Please visit and decide for yourself.It's a two star review. I don't review much, so this one is because I wasn't happy at all.  Service was good. Beer was not very cold and I like my beer cold. My friends enjoyed their food and I also thought their food was very good. I ordered a burger, just like that, medium. I was told the food was very good there. The burger was kinda sad. Smallish, third of the size of the bun, or so. I asked for it to be medium, but it appeared to be well done, at least, it was dry and was burnt bitter. I pointed that out to the server and received a new burger after a little wait. The replacement was soaked in blood, just plain raw meat inside... I mean, I get the "fuck you" attitude, but dude, you are the chef, don't be like that. So I sent it back and asked for a check. They "didn't charge for the burger." I should be charging YOU for this! Whatever.lloyd is a little gem of a bar--the atmosphere is chill (with new outdoor seating for summer), the brussels sprouts side dish might be my favorite food in the entire universe, and there's a variety of cocktails, beers, as well as (most importantly) a wide range of whiskies. whiskey and brussels sprouts within walking distance of home? yes please!We had a great experience here recently, and very much recommended this for others.
First, the service was great.  Robin, our waitress, was great.  Timely with attending to us without being overbearing, had no issue with the additional questions & requests.  Thank you Robin, you rock!
Drinks were also very good.  I had a great whiskey sour that was spruced up with some Syrah and Egg White.
The dinner was good, not great, but certainly a fine experience.  I recommend the salmon burger.  My only comment would be that they might need to look at adding 1 more vegan item to the menu.
Will definitely be back!We were here for their third wed of the month deal. they pear three different entree's with a flight of three different whiskey's! Awesome. small portions, but great for sharing! I loved it. Of course I love anything whiskey and anything pork.I've walked past this place a million times. The ambiance is what gives this place three stars instead of two. Very cool decor and is a quiet bar/restaurant - I was excited to go here with my boyfriend. The wait staff were very kind and quick to provide service. 
The whiskey is $3-4 more per glass compared to other area whiskey bars (Bourbon Branch) for the same brand and style of whiskey.
I had the roasted carrots with ricotta appetizer. The carrots were perfect. The ricotta was very sweet and lacking flavor. I was not impressed by the dish as a whole and it was expensive for what I liked on the plate - roasted carrots.
Had the salad with chickpeas - it was a good, simple salad, no complaints at all.
We shared the charcuterie board because the bartender recommended it saying all meats were made in-house, very cool. Get this if you really really love pate because it comes with two rather large servings of pate and two more very tiny servings of other meat and a basket of toasted bread. I like pate but was not expecting such a large portion of pate and such small portions of other meats. 
All of these foods seemed like they would have the potential to be great but fell short - that plus the pricey drinks compared to other area whiskey bars is why I give you 3 stars Lloyd's.
My sense is my experience was just a miss and is not the norm but it is what it is.Cheap divey hipster beer bars are a dime a dozen in Fishtown, so I was thrilled when Lloyd opened because there really weren't any decent cocktail bars with bartenders (or do they prefer mixologists?) who take their craft seriously. 
The guys and gals at Lloyd know their stuff, and I've never had a bad drink there, whether mixed or a whiskey recommendation based on my preferences. I've only eaten here about four times, but I would say three times the food deserved five stars and one time it only deserved four. So Lloyd gets five stars from me.Lloyd is a cool gastropub in the very up and coming Fishtown neighborhood.  It's right on Girard Ave., and they have outdoor seating.  It's surreal sitting on Girard Ave among hip bars and restaurants if you remember what 5th and Girard used to look like.  They have a great cocktail list, heavy on the Whiskey.  The food is well prepared, and they make just about everything in-house.  We had the pickled veggies, which were just OK; the chilled corn soup special, which was very good, the candied kielbasa which was cooked and covered in what was similar to breakfast syrup, and the duck foie gras on toast, which was very nice and the grand-dad burger which was HUGE and topped with a sweet glazed slice of pork belly.  All-in-all, the food was good, and I'd definitely return.  The menu is a bit on the heavy side, but they do have some lighter options if you look closely.Their cocktails are pretty awesome, as are their regular drinks. They have a really nice beer selection, even though its a bit smaller than some other places nearby. But the atmosphere is great, and the new outdoor tables are nice on a warm day. They make really good mac and cheese, which I think is only a side now which is kind of a shame.Never had a great experience here and never crave it even though it's right around the corner from my house. Occasionally will have decent whiskey but never had a drink here that I've liked. Just gave it 3 points because others seem to like it.
Edit: Have since returned to try the new menu. Food is okay, but the drinks are still the main event.We had truly bizarre utterly ridiculous experience at Lloyd. My boyfriend and I came in about 8.30 pm for dinner and sat at the bar near the wait station. The place is not all that big and on this night there were maybe four of roughly a dozen tables full. Inexplicably, there were six servers and three bartenders on duty, all of whom were huddled around the server station at the bar SINCE THEY HAD NOTHING TO DO. We were thence subjected to the staff's conversations, which, astoundingly never included frustrated mumblings about when the hell some servers would get cut for the night. 
So what's worse than being suffocated by catty waitstaff and bartenders all talking behind one another's backs all night? The fact that even in this sea of service professionals we still had to go out of our way to get subsequent rounds of drinks and water refills. 
I won't bore you with the insanely shitty, passive aggressive, bs we had play out inches in front of our faces as a bartender did dishes while taking a colleague to task for failing to serve a dish with a steak knife. 
Considering that our food portions were small and over priced, we won't be back. Miss it, dude.I've been to this neighborhood joint lots of times.  It's good for drinks, small plates.  But the brunch is really below average.  I'm sad when I go there because I'm too lazy to walk to a better place.  The omelet today was so overcooked there was no egg flavor, dry through and through and just gross.  I don't actually remember what I got the time before that, but I remember thinking, this place is really not worth it for brunch.Llyod has handily established itself as my favorite spot in Philly. It's just groovy...
The food is always inventive and smashingly executed, the playlist is eclectic and entertaining for all and the real seller is the phenomenal Whiskey selection. If you're in the mood to celebrate, the $40 pour of the Whistle Pig 13yr is a life changing must.
My top food recommendations are:
A lot of the food items are shareable- especially the chicken and waffle sliders. The honey and sriracha syrup really makes these stand out. You get 3 to a plate, so be sure to order your own as well. That won't be enough ;)
The loaded fires with duck confit and house cheese sauce are ridiculous. You get a great portion of them as well, which always seems to be enough for 3-4 people. 
Other worthy contenders include: beet hummus, grandad burger and grilled cheeses!I always feel a little awkward when I walk into Lloyd, like I'm intruding on the cool kids' lunch table. But the whiskey flights are great, as are the small plates. Entrees vary depending on the season and specials. One evening a friend and I ducked in and the special was offal (no pun intended). Beef heart. The waitress shrugged and said that they'd had a lot of leftovers from Halloween. All righty, then.
I prefer to grab an old fashioned and the deep-fried deviled eggs, sit outside and listen to the sound of rising rents. Viva Portfishington.One of my favorite spots in fishtown. Amazing selection of whiskey -  the cheese plate & charcuterie boards are out of this world - and the foie gras parfait is literally what dreams are made of. The bartenders are always super friendly & have been known to turn our quick stop for a drink into a few hour hang out with dinner & flowing drinks (some seriously great conversations)Loved the Santeria cocktail! Any sweet and spicy kick to anything, I'm with it!! The French onion grilled cheese sammich was great. Service was great. Music was bomb, too. If you love whiskey, this is a nice little restaurant/ bar soirée.Lloyd's is a great whiskey bar with great food.  The bourbon menu is extensive and the prices are really reasonable. I had the mac and cheese and the oxtail cheese steak.  I recommend both and the cheesesteak was one of the better sandwiches I've ever had.Gave this place a try for the first time and giving it 4 stars-small place but great ambiance, cocktails, and apps.
We came for the Derby, because, duh, Kentucky Bourbon bar. Ordered the mint julep and Dogfish Head 90 minute-definitely the best made julep I've ever had, such a smooth bourbon. Ordered the fried deviled eggs at everyone's suggestion, along with the Mac n cheese and pulled pork sliders off the bar snacks menu. Mac n cheese was the best out of the bunch-5 stars, strong flavor, awesome. Probs due to personal preference, the eggs were OK (the cilantro sauce really made them) and the sliders were good. 
With the perfect sized crowd, very good service (at the counter facing the road) and a tab around $40, it was well worth it, will be coming back!Headed here for dinner and drinks after several recommendations.
The atmosphere is nice, swank and uncrowded.
Whiskey cocktails were quite good, though the beer list was small.
We ordered goldfish mac & cheese, texas tommies, pork sliders and fried green tomato grilled cheese.  The food was good, but not *quite* as good as I expected after the enthusiasm of previous reviews.
Overall, solid, and I will be in again, even if only for drinks.I've been coming to Lloyd almost since they opened, and I love it here. The cocktails are made with TLC, and if you're one of those people who values good whiskey and/or cocktails that aren't too sweet, then this is the place for you. Their menu is small and delectable, but what I love the most about Lloyd is the people. Just chill good vibes, and a great date spot.Over the past few months the food here has just been so good. Great cocktails, beer selection, and super friendly staff. One of our favorite spots in the neighborhood.Very trendy hip bar in Fishtown's new scene. Has a great happy hour  until 8:00pm. That is awesome since most end at 6 or 7. MUST get their bourbon sweet tea, they don't cheat you of the bourb. Fries are awesome with the cheese. Burger is on point. I don't usually get chicken pot pie but they had a cool twist to it and it was extremely flavorful. Staff are pretty chill and very attentive. During the warmer moments of the year they have a nice outside seating area. Enjoy your time here :)A great find in Fishtown.  The food and drink at Lloyds is amazing.  Try the deep fried deviled eggs.I really like this place. The food can be a little  pretentious sounding, and probably just and overzealous chef, but it's always pretty good, with the exception of the occasional creation lie duck skins. They were just bubble of duck fat. Not awesome.
Beyond that the owner is great, bartenders are always happy to be there and to talk to you, great bourbon selection, good choice of select beers, and the atmosphere is warm and inviting. It's a nice, chill, place to have a drink and kick back with some buddies or your old man.When I first moved to Fishtown I frequented Lloyd a lot and took my friends who visited me there for their mac and cheese. I went this weekend and the mac and cheese was STONE COLD. Until this time Lloyd had been a 5 star establishment in my book. But this visit I found the deviled eggs very dry and the mac and cheese even after it was warmed up overwhelmingly salty. The visit was really a 1 star rating but given my other positive experiences there I bumped it up to 3 stars.
The reason I felt I should leave a review is because I now seriously question whether they just microwave their food. I only ordered two side dishes and the bill came to $16. That would be fine with me if I didn't leave feeling like I was given a microwave ready meal.More whiskey options than you could ever fathom and truly delicious apps make this the perfect happy hour spot. It's never too crowded. The staff are super knowledgable and very attentive- always making sure your needs are getting met. I had these blueberry crusted chicken wings that I still think about a lot. Also thanks for reminding me how reliably solid a miller high life is.Enter Lloyd and you feel as if you're stepping back in time. Wood paneling covers the walls, the furniture is all vintage, and the drinks are classics. Lloyd strikes that perfect balance: full but not crowded, lively but not loud, hip but not pretentious. 
What you'll find at Lloyd are excellent classic cocktails, a respectable beer list, and bartenders with character. Lloyd isn't a place to go if you're looking for dancing or a party, but it is where you go with a few good friends to have a fun, mellow, wonderful night out on the town.A welcome addition to the neighborhood.  Really nice cocktails, try the Den Mother.  Haven't had the food yet but it smelled/looked pretty good.  There are a couple things that they could do to  make the place a little more aesthetically pleasing, like, redoing the ceiling and putting in some nicer light fixtures.  This place will do well and it's nice to have in the area.I came to Lloyd on vacation while visiting my fiance.  We ended up hopping around to several different places in Fishtown, but Lloyd was the best!  We ended up staying there for the rest of the night.  The atmosphere was very relaxed, the service from the bartenders was great, and the cocktails and food were amazing!
We tried the fried deviled eggs, french onion soup, and a bacon cheeseburger.  All of it was delicious.  I left feeling very full, but still wanting more of those yummy deviled eggs.  
The drinks were very unique and tasty.  I tried the Jack and Wendy, Pear Hinny, and The True Knot.  My fiance always enjoys the Jack and Wendy and Manhattan.   
I definitely plan to come back to Lloyd whenever visiting Philadelphia.This is a great place.  Scott the owner is so informative about all the kinds of whisky's.  Bulleit 10 year that night was my favorite. He is such a great guy and  easy to talk to.  The crispy fried chicken was excellent.  I have to say better than my grandma.  My wife enjoyed the braised short ribs. Looking forward to coming back here for their brunch.  The vibe and the energy here is cool friendly and happening.  If your looking for a great dinner and a super place to hang after,  you found your place. Enjoy relax and have fun   I will certainly come back next time I am in town.Well since I check into this place all the time (DUKE STATUS), I must pay homage to this amazing place. I'll admit I was skeptical about this place, being that I basically visit the amazing staff at Kraftwork atleast once a week (ALSO DUKE STATUS), but when I walked into Lloyd it was different. Not in a bad way, but the way you felt welcomed by the staff and basically as if you're visiting someone's home. Someone who absolutely loves whiskey that is. 
The food here is incredible, they have great burgers and I love the different specials they have (BRING BACK THE FRIED CHICKEN SANDWICH). They also have incredible brunch! Aside from that, let's be real, the place is a whiskey bar and a tremendous one at that. They have amazing hand crafted cocktails. You notice that the bartender's really take pride in what they do and it shows in the quality of the product. I've never had bad service here and always recommend this place to anyone that's looking for a great place to go for food and drinks. 
Keep up the great work guys. I'll probably end up seeing you tonight! haha.Created this account just to give this spot five stars. Great food, great atmosphere, and the drink selection is just outrageous. Highly reccomend.Lloyd's has a cozy feel, friendly staff.. Drinks are good . I was there almost near midnight on a tuesday ,And whom ever the night time cook is , they are awesome !!! Keep up the great job , love the fried deviled eggs good appetizer. Please don't change them off the menuI live in northern liberties and walked here one night to get some food with someone. We sat outside, though the inside was nice (it was just a gorgeous day). They do happy hour specials and they're delicious, they've got a great selection of drinks as well. The food is REALLY good. I may be obsessed with their French fries (they're perfectly crispy I wish I know how they did that). ThI service was awesome, everyone was very nice. I would definitely come again and I recommend it to anybody!I was really excited to go here for brunch one day after looking over the menu online. I am a vegan due to food allergies and I saw they had vegan pancakes and sausage on the menu. When I showed up it was a different menu altogether and there wasn't anything vegan on it. They were very accommodating and ended up having the ingredients to make vegan pancakes, but it would have been easier if hey updates their menu or stated somewhere that it was seasonal. Parking can be a pain I that area. We had reservations but even though it was a large group for brunch at nooning a Sunday, we could probably have done without reservations. I would go back here if I knew for sure there would be someone thing I could eat. The service was really good and their Bloody Mary was really good too.We had high hopes for this bar, and it has fallen a little short. I'm still holding out they will improve. The staff have been very stand-offish, and leave you with the feeling you can not approach them. They offer a selection of tasty cocktails, I order the same one each time (Jack & Wendy) - and each time the drink tastes different. Their mac-n-cheese is the best! The fried devil eggs are a new twist on delicious. So far, it's been a stop in for a drink spot on our way to dinner or out to meet friends.My gf and I love this place. It's not a place I go often. But when we want to wear something nice, nicer than our 'dress sweats' and order a pfancy drink, this is our spot. Not saying it isn't great for every day usage or to grab a beer. Don't read this as it is exclusive or snobby here. There are plenty of places you can go for a high end cocktail now, but none made with the quality, care, and speed of Lloyd'sI came here after work with one of my co-workers and we had such a fantastic time . The food was so good. The friend green tomatoes are highly recommended ! The drinks were delicious . I had 'the jerk' . The servers were so friendly and attentive . We will be back for sure !Went to Lloyd on a Sunday night with a friend for a couple of drinks. Besides the two of us there were 3 or 4 other people at the bar. We got two drinks each. I had the Jack and Wendy - sour, absolutely delicious - and the penicillin, which was also very tasty. Music was good and at a good volume and we had fantastic service. I now wanna go back in a busier night, because the great drinks I had at Lloyd deserve to be shared with more people. A great gem in Fishtown!The Mac & cheese with asparagus ----oh my goooooooooodness good! 
The fried duck skin mouth watery tasty. The chicken and grits ---sinfulIt's kind of a shame that my first review of a restaurant has to be a bad one, but Lloyd really dropped the ball today and left me with no choice. We planned to attend another establishment nearby but the wait was almost 30 minutes so we decided to give Lloyd a chance. Staff was friendly and amenable at first. However, It took about 10 to 15 minutes for our first round of drinks to arrive. And then we waited, and waited, and waited. Finally after waiting for our food for about 45 minutes, the waiter appeared and we asked him if you could check with the kitchen. He also took our second round drink order at that time. It took another 10 minutes for those drinks to arrive at which point the waiter informed us that that round was on him because our food was taking so long. We had ordered five entrées: the regular breakfast, pancakes, biscuits and gravy, the French toast and vegan scrapple. The food finally arrived and three plates showed up, assuming at the other two plates were on the next visit we just accepted those three. About five minutes later the waiter appeared again and we asked him where the other two entrées were. He looked at us with a puzzled look, and we told him we were still missing the vegan scrapple and the sausage and biscuits. About 10 minutes after that he showed up with foie gras scrapple, I told him that I don't eat foie gras because I'm a vegan. He apologized and went back into the kitchen, and the wait began again. We had an infant with us, who was starting to get fussy because we have now been there for an hour and 15 to an hour and half. So eventually I went into the kitchen and asked him to please cancel the other two items that had not shown up yet and to just bring us our check. So to make a long story short, our first visit to Lloyd was not a very positive one, and I'm not sure we'll ever go back and give them another chance. The food we did eat was okay, not exceptional, but acceptable. But I think sometimes the longer you have to wait, and the hungrier you get, the more critical you may become. Maybe it was just an off day for them, but from an objective perspective they definitely didn't have the manpower or expertise to handle a brunch crowd. Maybe they do better with the whiskey crowd at night.Fun atmosphere and yummy food. The chicken pot pie is as pretty as it is tasty. The burgers looked delicious, and were enjoyed by my fellow diners. I was the DD, but everyone loved the whisky concoctions.I came here for dinner with a friend recently. It's a cozy spot and the music playing was consistently good. Our waiter was knowledgeable and courteous and entertained all of our questions thoughtfully. My only (big) disappointment of our visit was the Kentucky Fried Duck, which our waiter said was his favorite item on the menu.  The sides were tasty and the plating was nice, but the duck itself was so tough and fatty it was mostly inedible. When I first tried to bite into it, my teeth tore the breaded skin off of the duck and couldn't even penetrate the actual meat.
With the exception of this, it was a very nice evening. However, when a touted dish is that bad, it leaves a bad taste in your mouth.Really awesome drinks! The New York sour was delicious. Also they have great happy hour specials and great service industry specials during the week! Great selection of whiskeys.Meh...save yourself the trouble and just go to Kraftwork. Menu is weird & expensive and the atmosphere is cold & uninviting.Lloyd has a good burger and fries. Good beer and great whiskey. Service is always friendly, too.Solid drink special with a huge variety of whiskey. Definitely a good spot for drinks after work.Very quaint local bar that specializes in an extensive liquor offering and a food menu that is unique, generous, and delicious. We had a large party that sampled a variety of specialty drinks and finger foods. The entrees and sides were enough to satisfy and fill up the party. 
The service was excellent, and they did not hesitate to satisfy the needs of everyone. There is no doubt that we will return. 
S. Lloyd (no relation)Brunch menu was different from the one that is on their website. Bloody Mary was sweet and had something weird in it...pickle juice maybe?
Service was friendly and there was no wait. I had the fried chicken entree and it was delicious. The cheddar jalapeño grits were the best part.
My boyfriend had the foie gras scrapple and said "It was bangin'" although it was not what he had planned to eat when we walked in. Was a pleasant surprise, however.Lloyd is quickly becoming one of my favorite places to hang out in Fishtown. I have had a few of their appetizers and have also been one night for a whiskey and pork pairing event featuring Brooklyn Brewery, but mainly I come to drink and enjoy the atmosphere. Their customer service is top-notch. Whenever I walk in, no matter how busy the place is, someone seemingly appears from nowhere to seat me, whether at a table or at the bar. Once seated, I never have to wait long for another drink or even a refill on my water.
I'm more of a beer drinker myself and would love it if they had a more expansive draft list to choose from, but I always find something I like in what they do have. My partner is a whiskey drinker so he's never lacking in choices here. They also know their stuff when it comes to cocktails and you can tell they take pains to make sure a drink is made correctly.
We usually show up on the later side of things and Lloyd can get somewhat crowded on weekend nights, but I've always been comfortable no matter the size of the crowd. The atmosphere is what puts Lloyd over the top for me; I love the music and the classy, understated decor. Some of the other whiskey bars in the city can be a little over the top for my taste. Lloyd gets it right in my opinion.We had truly bizarre utterly ridiculous experience at Lloyd. My boyfriend and I came in about 8.30 pm for dinner and sat at the bar near the wait station. The place is not all that big and on this night there were maybe four of roughly a dozen tables full. Inexplicably, there were six servers and three bartenders on duty, all of whom were huddled around the server station at the bar SINCE THEY HAD NOTHING TO DO. We were thence subjected to the staff's conversations, which, astoundingly never included frustrated mumblings about when the hell some servers would get cut for the night. 
So what's worse than being suffocated by catty waitstaff and bartenders all talking behind one another's backs all night? The fact that even in this sea of service professionals we still had to go out of our way to get subsequent rounds of drinks and water refills. 
I won't bore you with the insanely shitty, passive aggressive, bs we had play out inches in front of our faces as a bartender did dishes while taking a colleague to task for failing to serve a dish with a steak knife. 
Considering that our food portions were small and over priced, we won't be back. Miss it, dude.Such delicious food and drink! I had the crispy fried chicken sandwich, and it was one if the best meals I've ever had. My husband had the sausage sandwich, also delicious. Great specials and the service is super friendly and helpful.Everything was excellently superb. My friend and I were there for the latter end of
Happy hour tonight and couldn't b more pleased with the outcome.
We were decided before we took our places at the bar due to the reviews and guild lines of yelp. After a bullet whiskey sour, their version of a Manhattan, fois gras (pardon my spelling) and charcuterie board, we knew our choice was solid. 
The duck liver and pear mustarda was out of sight. The board, so unbelievable we ordered a 2nd. We got the grilled lambs tongue special with the 2nd board and were again happily satisfied. Personal opinion though on the tongue, either a nice marinade or a little heavier on the s&p. No other issues aside from that.
We both left satisfied, happy, and ready for more. Next time I'm there I'm looking forward to the octopus salad and marinated flank steak. Either that or the swordfish. So many options so little time! Kudos Lloyd. Keep up the good work and keep the quality as high as u can!
P.S.- Our bartender was great. We could tell, from being in the biz, his hands were full training a fellow employee, but he was able to juggle the difficulties. Keep up the phenomenal work, and don't fret about the criticism of vegans. They surrendered all credibility and opinionated rights when they decided to give up on the glorious gift of all things meat. Toast is burnt when it's black and crispy bacon is a gift from the gods. The pancakes just proves that we're all human and we all make mistakes. On behalf of yelpers everywhere, we apologize for them.The tastes of The Franklin Mortgage & Investment Co and Hop Sing Laundromat without the pretentiousness that comes with them (mind you I like that from time to time).  Lloyd's offers a solid selection of whiskey drinks and your standard bar fair as well.  Friendly bartenders willing to make real recommendations, and not just the highest priced drink on the menu, adds to the experience as well.  Oh, and unlike those other two bars, you can actually stand around here!
I started with "The Lloyd", Lloyd's take on the city wide - a can of Miller High Life with a shot of Old Grand Dad.  At $5, it seems a good way to start... and finish.Fishtown is growing up so quickly! A few more sweet little joints like this pop up, and I might be convinced to never leave the neighborhood.
I've only been here once, but it was adorable. My friend and I intended to stop at Kraftwork to catch up over drinks, but saw a mob and kept on walking. At Lloyd's we were immediately seated and offered water. We ordered a couple of cocktails, which arrived promptly and were really delicious. Pricey, but so worth it. My friend got a plate of deep fried deviled eggs, and our arteries openly wept tears of joy.
The space is dimly lit and spacious, with tables nicely spread out. No accidental elbowing of strangers here. It's very loud for how un-crowded it feels, which is a little odd. I'll definitely be back.Lloyd happens to be my middle name... so I'm admittedly partial to this place.  But Lloyd didn't turn out to require that bias.  We spent two hours at this warm, dark wood haven on a cold night, and it was cozy, comfortable and very pleasant.
As soon as I walked in I said "this place seems like it's going to serve a solid pate."  And lo and behold, a delicious jar of goose liver and bacon mousse with apricot was soon in my belly.  Sadly it was a special, but hopefully it's there frequently.
Next up: breaded, deep-fried deviled eggs.  Why has no one thought of this before?  Something new, but still familiar and cozy.  
Something we didn't order (but one day will) is the Texas Tommy (pretty sure that's the name) which is a hot dog, wrapped in bacon, covered in the bechamel they use in their goldfish-crusted mac and cheese.  These are apparently $3 each at happy hour, heads up!
The whiskey list is solid, though I was a bit disappointed to find that, as with most whiskey bars in Philly they focus more on bourbons than Scotch, and didn't have any real rarities I might find in my own cabinet.
And then of course there was the service.  We sat at the bar and as it turns out our bartender was actually the owner, and the lady behind the bar was his wife!  We learned a bit more about the space (decorated with art from the owner's childhood living room) and the name, and generally had a very comfortable, nice time.  I will definitely be back at Lloyd this winter.It's brunch and I decided to order the chicken & waffles. My first order wasn't so great, the waffles were crisp and black. I wasn't sure if this was the usual but my second order was tasty. I also ordered the fried deviled eggs which are amazing. Still a great place and the staff was accommodating.A small menu but with so many things done so well no need to worry. A perfect place for drinks and snacks food. Or combine a bunch of small plates for a meal. 
Amazing wings and fried deviled eggs. New York sour is the drink to get.Picked this place as a Date Night destination and LOVED everything about it!- was greeted by Scott (one of the owners), excellent drinks and whiskey flight served by  bartenders who were friendly and took their time instead of throwing booze on a glass and walking away, the music was a great mix that seemed like a perfect blend of head bobbing and chill and the food was amazing! Can't wait to go back!Lloyd has improved since opening.  The tap list is small, but pretty good.  I'm happy as long as they keep the $5 perpetual IPA flowing.  The $8 boilermaker specials are a creative and fun way to try out some new whisky. Also, I love 5-8 happy hour here.  The price of the 12 yr Elijah Craig is one of the best deal on the menu.   
The menu, like the beer, is small, but offers some good choices.  The sliders were good, and the grilled cheese is awesome, if a bit too rich.  
The biggest problem here is atmosphere.  Drop ceilings throw off the whole vibe, and the place is too wide for the current set up, but too narrow to add another row of tables.  Maybe just some hightops for standing?
Bottom Line: Lloyd is still finding its identity, but is constantly improving.  Proximity is Kraftwork is both a challenge and a boon, but I expect this new whiskey bar to stick around and improve.