Not their best effort. This was our 2nd visit and maybe we came too late at 8pm on a Saturday night. Got the Lo Spiedo plate and the ribs were tough, four very small slices of a sausage, not even a whole sausage and the chicken leg seemed like a wing. Also got the shrimp & grits which seemed like the leftovers scrapped from the bottom of the pan. The BBQ carrots were cold and not cooked through. The star of the meal was the mac & cheese. We were very disappointed.This was a really good place to go on a beautiful day and just sit outside have a few drinks with friends and get great food. I had a cheese burger with basil mayo and ketchup. My appetizer was mac and cheese and that was just as good. The service was on the slower side but definitely going back.There are not enough positive words to describe my recent dining experience at my new fav place! Conveniently located near stadiums.  Delicious homemade pasta, perfectly portioned.  Mouth watering brisket. Yummy drinks. Decadent desserts.  Great atmosphere. Friendly, knowledgeable staff.  Highly recommended!!! :)Nice atmosphere, and friendly staff.  The wings seemed slightly undercooked (yikes, saw a little pink, but I didn't get sick, so I guess it was fine?).  The fries were perfect, but the homemade ketchup was not the best.  Would go there again if in the area.Best described as overpriced and based on the reviews online overrated...!!!
Dined there today with another couple.  The high point was the octopus which was excellent and the review goes downhill from there.  The spiedo platter consists of sausage BBQ Ribs, Chicken and Brisket.  The chicken was undercooked and had to be sent back to the kitchen.  When returned to the table, it was rubbery.  The brisket was OK but both Fette Sau and Sweet Lucy's are much better.  The sausage was unremarkable.  The BBQ ribs were the best items on the plate being flavorful and tender.  The $26 price point for the meats was a disappointment considering the portions are small and sides other than cornbread are additional.  The service was weak with the server bring the appetizers at the same time as the meal.  The other couple with me mentioned to the server  that the appetizers were not expected with the meal, the server acted like it is customery to be served with the meal unless you request them to be served before.  Really?   This restaurant would not be on my to do list in the future...Four of us had dinner here Saturday night. The restaurant is easy to get to and has free parking and the inside upstairs is airy with lots of windows. We had Grilled Romaine Salad, Polenta Cornbread which were very good. We had the Grilled Octopus which was one of the best we ever had and the Pork Shoulder which was very good. They had the Lo Spiedo Plate with Cornbread it had Chicken, Pork Shoulder, Pork Ribs and Brisket and was very good. Sides were Cast Iron Mac N Cheese and Braised Collard Greens and they were good. We had 3 deserts Frozen Take 5 Pie, Key Lime Pie and Almond Joy Sundae all very good. And our server Jackie was excellent.
 I also had for an appetizer Carolina Gold Arancini with burnt ends and mozzarella. I had asked our server Jackie if this was the burnt ends from the Brisket because I have always wanted to try them and she said yes. They were 3 Deep Fried Rice Balls with a piece of brisket the size of a pea inside that you could not taste totally disappointed. I told Jackie about it and she took care of us. We had 3 Lattes which were horrible they were very strong with very little crème nobody drank them after the first sip. Jackie was told and she took care of us. And finally the wine list was very small and very expensive for this type of cuisine. It was a shame a bottle or 2 of a good reasonable priced wine would have been great. We settled on a pitcher of a "on tap" white wine which was ok. All and all we had a great dinner with my sister and her husband and we would go back again.Giving BBQ a bad reputation one customer at a time...
The ribs were tough and undercooked (which surprised me since we were dining on the later side of their hours), chicken was unremarkable at best, the brisket...well it is the most difficult meat to bbq...was just plain lousy.
The bbq carrots are to die for, but it would be nice if they arrived at the table hotter than luke warm...
unless there is a drastic change in the kitchen, don't even bother.Came here excited to try a new Vetri and it was not even open 30 minutes after it's scheduled to open! Poor showing that I don't expect from the Vetri family restaurantsWhat a disappointment the appetizer were great the rest of the meL was horrible.
Pulled Pork and brisket so salty it was inedible.
Rigatoni that had no flavor whatsoever tasted like it was out of a can .
I just can't believe this is was so bad expected more from a Vetri restaurantThe go-to bar for everyone that works in the Navy Yard. Great whiskey menu, decent service, don't think I've ever eaten solid food here though. Come for the drinks, stay for more drinks.Great addition to the Navy Yard!  That being said, if it were anywhere else in the city, I may have given 3 stars, rather than 4.  However, we were in desperate need of a decent sit-down restaurant down here.
When I started working at the Navy Yard 6 years ago, the lunchtime options were limited.  Of course we had the fantastic URBN cafeteria, but there was no real good option for a business dinner or a holiday luncheon.  Lo Spiedo definitely filled a void here.
The first time I visited for lunch, I tried their rigatoni with fire roasted tomato sauce.  While it was good, I felt the pasta was a bit thick and the sauce was a little bland.  I mean, it still was tasty, but nothing to go out of my way for.  Prices seemed a bit high, but really they were no higher than what you pay at URBN for some meals.  
The second time I visited was for a holiday luncheon.  My bosses decided to go all out and did a huge family style menu.  I'm pretty sure we ate everything on the menu. Here's what I thought:
fried mozzarella - $8- meh, it's just fried cheese.  Tasted good (hello, it's fried) but I'd save room in my belly for other offerings here
shrimp spiedini - $7- this was amazing.  ORDER THIS.  The shrimp were cooked perfectly and the sauce they were in was light and delicious
Beef tartare with bagnetto verde - $8- raw beef freaks me out a little but I tried this anyway.  This was also really good!  I loved the grilled bread it came on as well.
Ricotta + artichokes - $6- I dream of this dish.  More of the awesome grilled bread with really fresh tasting ricotta (do they make their own?) and sautéed artichokes.  Also, it's one of the best values on the menu.
Reginette with macellaio bolognese - $14- this is another dish that visits me in my dreams.  The pasta was cooked just right and the sauce... omg.  If you are a fan of Bolognese like I am, GET THIS DISH.  I will say, however, that this is a bit salty.  So if you are sensitive to salt, keep that in mind
BBQ carrots with ranch - $5- skip this dish.  I thought it was gross.  Sorry!  It was just too much with the heavy BBQ sauce and then the heavy ranch.  It was a sticky, too sweet mess. 
1/2 chicken with lemon and olive oil - $18- SUPER delicious.  I am not a huge meat eater and I typically don't order chicken out (I can make it at home!) but this chicken dish may have changed my mind on that!  Something about their combination of the lemon, olive oil, and salt, on top of a nice juicy chicken, with a nice crispy skin on top.  It was great. 
Creekstone farm brisket - $25 / $50- bleh... I only had a bite of this and then ate more of that awesome chicken.  The brisket was too fatty for my liking.  However, to be fair, I'm not a huge brisket fan- so take it FWIW.  For the price though, I think there are better things to eat here.
Desserts- we had a couple of their desserts, but to be honest, I was way too full to even look at them.  All my dining companions thought they were amazing, so if you have a sweet tooth, save some room for dessert.
Overall, I think Lo Spiedo is a great addition to our neighborhood down here.  It's a bit on the pricey side for an everyday-lunch type of place, but it's perfect for a special lunch or a dinner out.  Word on the street is that their happy hour is great.  I'm definitely going to come back for a couple of beers and some more of those appetizers!This place is amazing!! We stopped in for last minute brunch, and couldn't of been happier!  Highly recommend the Carbonara, holy yum!!! The place itself is beautiful. I wish I could stay for dinner!Appetizers bbq popcorn and fried okra with habanero mayo were both very good. Just enough for two of us. Had unsweetened ice tea - good flavor. 
Main courses: smoked brisket - good as brisket could be but a little greasy and macaroni and cheese. (Very good )
Reggette (sp) with squash and sage. Out of this world. Very good food. 
Server Chelsea very attentive and personable.Seven of us went for lunch today. We had an assortment of sandwiches and salads. The brisket, chicken, and pork sandwiches were excellent.  The raves went to the pumpkin salad and the steak tartare. Each of us contributed $20 and that covered tip and our meal, great value!  One thing that struck us is that there may not be handicapped entrance to Lo Spiedo, none was immediately evident to us. The restaurant is situated across two floors in the historic brig. There is an elevator to the second floor which is only for guests, as they run food in the stairwell. There is a full bar, though we did not indulge since it was during working hours. We were in and out, even with seven people, in 40 minutes. Excellent job to the Vetri crew for realizing the need at the Navy Yard for lunch in under an hour. There is minimal parking in front of the restaurant; however, there's plenty of street parking and public parking in the Navy Yard close by.This restaurant was great, I loved it. The Cesar salad was amazing, the burgers were even better. They have CINNAMON ice cream. It's amazing. Everything was grestHad a great time lady night (my first visit). This is what we ordered:
- sardines
- escarole salad
- shrimp spiedini
- brisket
- octopus 
- whoopie pie 
I loved all but didn't really care for the escarole salad. I just felt there's not much taste in it like other dishes. Maybe it was meant to be a palate cleanser? For the sardines, I hope in the future they would offer the whole fish. Currently it's grilled, fillet then added to olives and sauce. 
Service was very good. 
I would absolutely go again.Another Vetri winner! The navy yard has a real gem in this new spot. We went this week for their opening and everything is amazing. As you would expect, their roast meats were perfect. You have to get the octopus, brisket, and pork shoulder. All were incredible but I give the slight nod to the pork shoulder. It was moist and flavorful with such a great crunchy skin. 
The biggest surprises probably come from the veggies. This spit roasted meat joint knows how to roast some amazing veggies. You have to eat the BBQ carrots and the cabbage with Gorgonzola. You will regret it if you don't. 
I can't wait to go back to try their sandwiches and pastas!They crush it every time we visit. Food is always on point and the service is great. 
Ample parking in front.I have been here twice now and both times the food was great.  
My first time here was right after they opened--tried the barbecue carrots as other reviewers recommended and they were cold and not very tasty.  I couldn't figure out if that was the intention or not.  My second time there they were hot and delicious!  Everything else we have tried has been excellent.   I would highly suggest trying the Ginger shandy--soooooo good.
The parking is great here if you go at night when the businesses are closed.  My only gripe (and the reason I am giving 4 stars) is both times I have gone it has been incredibly loud.Came here before a Temple football game to celebrate my dad's 75th birthday as part of a group of 7.   Loved the ease of parking and the staff was friendly and attentive without being overbearing.
The ricotta and pears foccacia was tasty as were the chicken wings - spicy but not too hot.  The grilled caesar salad got a thumbs up and was a very good size serving.  The smoked beets were just OK - the consensus was they were a little too smoky.
The entrees all got good reviews - from the ribs to the pasta to the trout special to the cubano.  And the brisket fat cole slaw sounded gross but tasted just like regular cole slaw.
The beer selection was pretty good and the wine choices were pretty good also.
Overall - a great choice if you're going to a game and want to grab something to eat beforehand.Loved the food choices. I have food allergies and had several choices from the menu. The waiter was helpful and knowledgeable on the ingredients used to make the food.Worth the trip down Broad Street. We had pre-drinks in Passyunk Square then uber-x to Lo Spiedo for $11. We also walked 10 minutes back to Broad Street line after dinner.
But enough about transportation...great atmosphere and amazing food at reasonable prices.
There were just 2 of us and we had the popcorn and chicken thighs as a snack, then split the grilled Octopus, bucatini pasta and bbq carrots. Each were fantastic and we have been craving the Octopus since we left.  I would highly recommend everything we ate and I will say the 3 small chicken thighs kept us wanting more - but since it's only $5 - ordering more doesn't break the bank. They were our favorite with the octopus a very close second. We also had the special dessert of the Nutella Whoopie pies - great way to end the meal!
Go here with just 2 of you or a crowd- it's a great time!  With tip, the food above and a bottle of wine, we spent $145 - not too bad.Great place for happy hours, good selection of beers on tap. Good happy hour specials
Try the popcorn and the chicken wings!
The burgers here are excellent!Everything was good, but pricey.
Beef tartare appetizer was nice and flavorful. Be warned this is a one maybe two person appetizer.
The octopus was delicious and perfectly cooked. A big, thick tentacle! 
Pork shoulder entree was okay. Nice smokey flavor.
Entrees are expensive because are a la carte. 
Beets were decent.
Mac and cheese was awesome. Get it.
Our friends got the sandwiches which were well composed and flavorful. Sandwiches are a way better value.
Our waitress was wonderful and knowledgeable.
Overall, it was delicious, but pricey. If you decide to trek that far south of Philly, get a sandwich.Love coming here for happy hour. Great deals at great prices. Can beat the $1.5 BBQ popcorn or $1 dried wings with a homemade ranch type sauce.Love this place! Nice decor, fast service, clean, AND there is parking.  They were accommodating for reservations and we have always had pleasant servers. The food is an awesome mix of BBQ/Italian and delicious.I would have never realized this place existed because it's so off the beaten path. 
A+ for the outdoor area, super cute.
A++ for the free parking!
Lo Spiedo is a great place to eat and have a drink on a nice Summer day/evening. Not really sure if I would consider them a barbeque(ish) joint, more American then anything. Regardless the food was good and the drinks were even better. My girlfriend and I both ordered the Sgroppino Verde for our drink and it was a refreshing, slushy, goodness. I was really happy with it and totally worth the $12. -- We shared the grilled avocado as a starter it was delicious! A perfect amount for two people to share. Our husbands shared the mac and cheese and they both enjoyed it! I ordered the grilled salmon for my main meal. It was just okay, a very skimpy piece of fish w/ a side of vegetables. I enjoyed the veggies more then the salmon honestly. I was a bit bummed to have realized it was $27 as well. My friends all enjoyed their meals however! If I were to come here again I think I would just stick to one of their salads. 
All in all, three stars. 
We came on a Friday night and although the crowd was pretty tame our service was very slow.The food and service was very average to below average. Portions were decent but the quality of the dishes and presentation was nothing special. A particular pet peeve was that the tables are obnoxiously close together. I'm talking mere inches to spare on both sides - almost community seating. Very difficult to have any type of private conversation or not overhear others. 
On the plus side, the location is great and the building is very nicely redone. My manhattan was excellent and they have a decent beer list.So average. Under seasoned and underwhelming. Food lacks salt and acidity. Tap wines were good and a bargain at $7 a glass at happy hour. Happy hour might be the only value here. Otherwise, not worth the trip to the navy yard.Had dinner here with my wife. I got the chicken wings for  an app. Very good. Had the brisket sandwich for my main course. It was just okay. My wife had the spit-roasted vegetables and the celery root sandwich. She loved them both. I had the apple pie a la mode for desert. The ice cream was better than the pie. I'll pass next time. 
The pour on the glass of wine seemed shorter than your average pour. We are planning a night out here with friends. This place needs another chance to let us enjoy the other menu items. Wait staff was very nice. Place is more casual than Osteria for sure. Great space and location.Beautiful building at the Navy Yard... I had the pulled pork sandwich with pickles and vinegar ~ so good! My BF had the brisket burger on toast also very good! My favorite of course was desert Devil dog with Nutella and chocolate covered popcorn. Can't wait to go backImpecable service; warm, comfortable atmosphere.  I had the chicken salad panini - phenomenal.  Can't wait to go again!Had an amazing experience last night. Got in from California late but they still sat me and were warm and welcoming! The Octopus is some of the best I've had, and service was flawless, and the bartender was very knowledgable about local beer and recommended the perfect rye IPA for my grilled octopus w roasted beets and horseradish sauce. Just an all around fantastic experience! Well worth going out of your way.Underwhelming from start to finish. Had a catered work party here and the grilled Caesar was the highlight. It seemed as though a lot of things lacked seasoning. I expected much more; thought maybe since it was large portions due to the party I'd try it out again with coworkers after an early day. Same thing very unsatisfying and left hungry. Vetri disappointed with this one.Stopped in for happy hour twice after work. Both times bartenders were super friendly and staff was welcoming.  Their $1 wings are fantastic, people around me were eating happy hour special foods and they smelled/looked great.  I have told my coworkers and will definitely go back again.Had brunch on Mother's Day. Service was okay, our waiter was very flat and not friendly at all! Food was delicious!Amazing food, wood roasted!!! Amazing service. 
The name behind the chefs and the cooks is VETRI of course is gonna be good!!
And of course I work there!!!
#VetriFamilyI had high expectations having eaten at Osteria (a fine Vetri restaurant). So, we thought we'd give Lo Spiedo a try for some BBQ. Best part of the meal was the Romain salad (aka Caesar salad with anchovies and excellent crunchy croutons.  Not so good was the mix of over cooked dry brisket beef with greasy fatty brisket served with what I think was crunchy bacon bits.  Disappointing considering this place boasts its "spit" capabilities. Probably won't return considering quality for the price.  But will gladly visit Osteria again.I went for lunch with my manager and 2 other coworkers. The restaurant is very nice and the ambiance is good.
We started with the wings, crab salad and avocado fococcia, and the ricotta and artichoke fococcia. They were all very tasty. The parmesan buttermilk sauce that came with the wings were so delicious! 
I had the chicken salad panini with a side salad instead of the fries. It was delicious and light. They didn't use too much mayonnaise which I love. It also had a little citrus tang to it. 
My co-workers got the brisket panini which they enjoyed greatly. One of my co-workers doesn't like horseradish but she said it was barely noticeable and she really enjoyed the sandwich. I opted not to get it because of the horseradish but I might try it another time. 
I would definitely stop back in if I'm in the area.Mad and cheese and the grilled chicken wings were awesome. The wings were a decent size also...so yummy!Service was good! The food came fast even when they were busy! The ribs and the bread that came with the beef tartar were too greasy, were the only down fall.This place is fantastic- went there 2 nights in a row for dinner
Great pasta dishes and roasted meats
Their grilled vegetables salad with romesco is unbelievable
The staff is super nice -
The pacchieri pasta is the best pasta dish thereI don't get the lower rating in this place. It was simply amazing - after a LONG day which included driving in killer Philly white-knuckle driving we pulled into the Navy Yard to hit the Courtyard before our AM flights. We saw the patio lights and cool brick building and had to stop to decompress. 
First off- amazing staff. Everyone acted like we were their table. Team service. Totally taken care of without being interrupted and irritated. 
Seriously didn't expect what a GEM this place is. 
The food...BBQ popcorn with Parmesan butter, HOMEMADE macaroni to create a simple Italian Mac n cheese with Asiago cheddar and parm served in cast iron and - hold on- chargrilled octopus. Also-- cauliflower and pimento cheese - all scratch made.   This will now be a tradition for Philly business trips the night before flying home.Very disappointed.  Not on par with other MV restaurants.  Food very, very salty.  Appetizer portions doll-sized.  Entree size is better.Cool place with a really good quality food ! Portions are small , it's not McDonalds, order a couple of different fun appetizers, dessert and at the end of a meal you'll feel full! Great service too!Do not go. I found the staff indifferent and non-caring. We made a reservation and when we arrived, we were seated in the bar area and told that there was a private party in the main dining area. When we suggested that we should have been told that they was only sitting in the bar when we made the reservation, the attitude of the staff was indifferent. They could care less!Had a fantastic dinner here last night.  Tried almost everything!  Must haves are the grilled avocado, chicken wings, and the grilled octopus.  Out of this world great!!!I cannot give this place enough credit.  We dined outside as a party of 6.  Started with wings for the group.  Moved onto cabbage w/ gorganzola and the octopus.  Best.  Octopus  Ever.  Get here fast!The perfect place for out of towners and suburbanites looking for a big city experience.  Simple, heavily salted grilled foods.  The house wines are nice and light and the small beer glasses keep you from drinking too much for the drive home.  At around $100 a couple including tip it feels like you've had a big night out without having to do much more than drive in, park in the lot and get right back on 95 and get home.Me and my boss are boss ate here for diner while in town for a few days. He's traveled for 10 years and me for 5. Upon arrival our expectations where high. I was expecting the same  quality of ingredients and quality of cooking from a previous restaurant in Charleston. The BBQ carrots where pretty good, will make a variation of these at home. He got the mac and cheese, both of which we shared. The mac and cheese wasn't very good. there wasn't much flavor. we both got the "Italian" ribs, which were horrible. i get the feeling they were cooked to order, which is how ribs are not suppose to be done. they need to be smoked for 5+ hours, or boiled then grilled, but these cooks were not afraid of open flame with these ribs. i spent 5 minutes or more and one mouthful of meat. if crispy tough ribs are your thing, then go for it. if this is how Italians cook their ribs then they have epically failed!Had the occasion to venture to the Navy Yard last night (Jan 9, 2014) with out of town guests (party of 4) for drinks and dinner.  Bartender was fantastic and made a delicious campari mixed drink along with a rum-based (from Le Colombe rum) which was superb.  Dinner was another matter.  Server was nice and knowledgeable but lacked the expertise of what one has come to expect from Verdi establishments.  Runners were unfamiliar with which diner was getting which food and tended to "dump" plates on the table.  The Brisket was superb as was the Branzino.  Pasta was quite good.  Dining room was pleasantly full but a bit on the noisy side but tolerable.   Will wait and try again in a few months when the settle a bit more.I just ate here for the first time recently and didn't have a dish that I didn't want more of. I ate here with two friends and we ordered a little of everything. We started with the parmigiano butter popcorn which was a great picky food. In addition, we tarted with the pumpkin salad which looked just as good as it tasted. It was delicious shaved pumpkin ribbons with a light dressing that really made it pop. We also ordered the artichoke and ricotta flatbread which I enjoyed, but felt it could have used less salt. 
The pasta course we orders was the reginette. I found it to be a very interesting dish. I believe there was saffron in it which  punctuated the meat in a really nice way. Disclaimer: I'm a pasta fiend and am rarely surprised by flavors of sauce.
Our entrees consisted of brisket which we ordered with a side of Mac and cheese and, at the recommendation of our server, the BBQ carrots. All of which was delicious. My favorite was the BBQ carrots. The brisket was very tender and well seasoned- which was everything I had wanted and the mac and cheese was so rich and creamy. 
Dessert was a warmed apple pie in a skillet with ice cream- obviously everything about that is amazing. 
Worth mentioning: I absolutely LOVE the milk punch cocktail here as well! It sounds weird but do yourself a favor and try it! 
Also, the service was very nice and helpful. There were some small glitches with forgetting a round of drinks and some long lapses without seeing our server but nothing that made the meal unpleasant- just items that felt that the experience could be a bit smoother. I anticipate that this will get worked out with time. 
Definitely worth the trip! I will definitely be returning since it's so close. I hope to make myself a regular here... SOON!Lo Spiedo bears the marks of other Vetri places (been to Vetri's orginal place a couple of times and to the Osteria two times as well). Food that is rustic, sometimes very good (especially at Vetri) and overwhelmingly and incredibly annoyingly rich. As in, there is no way to escape the over fattiness of the menu.
So the high points were the "rotisserie" octopus and the sardine and olive dish. The rest (the brisket, the escarole, the carrots) were decidedly uninspired. The service was jovial, a little too "present," but all in all fine. 
The prices, contrary to what some commenters are saying, are pretty much what you would expect for this category of yuppy restaurant--though I would like slightly more generous pours on the wines (a general pet peeve--you aren't supposed to get nine glasses out of a bottle!).
But my biggest complaint, as suggested above, is that there is literally not a single dish on the menu that can offset the fattiness of everything. Using fats--whether olive oil, cheese, butter, or whatever else you can find--is OK in moderation. But aside from being unhealthy, is completely unappetizing over a whole meal when there is no way to escape it. For example, I would have loved the sardines (rich with olive oil and olives) with a very light bitter green (say frisee or dandelion greens, or even the escarole) with just a little lemon juice and olive oil, salt and pepper. Instead, the only salad we could find that came close was the escarole which was swimming in dressing, covered in snow drift of Parmesan and ultimately just added more fat to the total. 
Perhaps the most telling example of this were the one vegetable that might have escaped this menu trend--the carrots. Nope. Swimming in fat and sugar and decidedly heavy. Again, there is not a single item on the dish that goes against this trend. And the fact is, in 2014 this is lazy cooking. It easy to make things taste "good" with a lot of fat. Restaurants discovered this years ago with mashed potatoes. Why do restaurant mashed potatoes taste so good? Because they are at least 30% butter (I kid you not--it's a standard recipe). It's also bad cooking. I don't want to feel like crap when I leave the table. I don't want to stay up all night digesting. 
So give me a balanced menu where I can order one rich dish and then one or two light offsetting dishes that will create a sense of balance. It's like wine, you want equilibrium. Lo Spiedo/Vetri have lost all sense of balance and the result is mediocrity. 
Also, a sign indicating where the restaurant is would be a friendly gesture to the clientelle. I would add that there is a kind of "afterthought" quality to the place. As if Vetri had been given a good deal on the place but wasn't particularly inspired by it, didn't really care all that much. From the finish of the place to the menu, this feels like a last-minute exercise.This was close to our hotel in the Navy Yard.  What a great place.  The food was excellent.  Service was excellent as well.  Will definitely go back again.   Highly recommend the Shrimp spinini and macaroni and cheese!We had a great experience here. We originally made a reservation for 12, but our party kept growing to over 20. The restaurant handled us without complaint and even split the check between three unequal parties.
The food was excellent. The ribs, smoked beets, grilled avocado, and arancini were great. The carrots were awkwardly large, and the octopus looked a little challenging to tackle. But the popcorn was the best popcorn I have ever had--it was amazing.
Cool atmosphere and building. This would be a good place to hit before a game.Great place. Loved it. Casual. Comfortable. 
First time but not the last time. We stopped here early, before a Sixers game - on St. Paty's Day no less - (BTW - this is the PERFECT place to go before any game!) - and were SO glad we did. 
We shared the cornbread app which is topped with just a teaser of their brisket. LOVED it! 
Donna had the pulled pork sandwich and I had the brisket sandwich. Both were simply outstanding. The Happy Hour prices and offerings are very nice. 
Neither of us wanted fries with our sands, so our server suggested substituting whatever we liked from the Sides list. Same price. No up-charge. 
Donna got the smoked mustard greens (a bit spicy too) and I got the mac and cheese. We shared tastes, as usual, and  recommend both; but, be adventurous. 
Needless to say, we took some of all of that home - and looked forward to finishing our dishes up, later on. 
Others here in the App praised the octopus; so, I will sample that next time - which should be soon - and will let you know, here. This place is JUST inside the former guard house of the Philly Navy Yard - with free parking - and I guarantee that it will not disappoint. 
Head south on Broad Street, under I-95, pass that former guard house / checkpoint, and turn left (immediately); check out the HUGE WWII ships, on the right!I love Vetri's restaurants but this one is really not on par with his other places. I like the idea of setting up shop at the navy yard. I figured the place would be more casual than his other places. I would describe it as casual italian, but unfortunately there is still a somewhat intimidating menu for some and the prices do not reflect the casual nature. The only thing we kind of liked was the Caesar salad and even this was drenched in dressing and the presentation was sloppy. We ordered the mozzarella bites and for $8 received 5 quarter sized cheese bites. For dinner I had the rigatoni which was simple, good, uninventive. My boyfriend had ribs and said they were very dry. I really wanted to like this place but the food is simply not very good.Sweet happy hour deals! The happy hour menu has offerings similar to those of the regular menu, but at some sweet prices. I feel that to love Lo Spiedo, you have to love pork. Otherwise, it will be a slight challenge, but certainly not impossible. We ordered a pasta dish with a decent amount of pork fat in it. It was slightly much, but not too bad. We also ordered semifreddo for dessert, which was tasty with meringue bits. The dessert was served in a cast iron dish, which was kind of odd. The wait staff was very friendly. The location is a challenge to find if you aren't from the area. But, there is ample parking. The ample parking is a huge plus. If you are going to go, go for happy hour. They serve happy hour specials all over the restaurant, not just at the bar.Great restaurant. Marc and Jeff, way to go!
Food is outstanding, I've eaten here 20+ times and never had a bad meal. 
Try the wings, brisket or pork sandwich, or any of the main entrées, you will not be disappointed. And, BTW, the best hamburger you will find in Philadelphia, if that's what you feel like. 
Service is always great; knowledgeable and super friendly. 
If you are anywhere near the stadiums, give it try, you won't be disappointed.My first visit to Lo Spiedo was in a private room after my sister was beautifully married at City Hall! Everything they selected was served family style and each course was delicious. The staff took great care of us too. It was a great night -- and my dad loved being back at the shipyard (where he worked for MANY years)!Sardine/olive with focaccia to start made it worth the price of admission.  Can't wait to try everything else.  Pulled pork was spot on, took on the nice smoke flavor that you smell when you walk in...perfect soft seeded roll to go with it.  Great mac n cheese and bbq carrots.  Will be back soonService started off bad when we waited over 30 minutes past our reservation time. The staff did apologize and sent out comped treats, but what is the point of a reservation if you have to wait that long? There is a large bar but was full the night we dined. 
Menu highlights included the delicious champagne grapefruit granita cocktail, roasted vegetables with romesco and the half chicken. Those were all fantastic! Disappointing dishes included the popcorn, Caesar salad, shrimp spiedini and bucatini.
Overall I think this place is still working out some kinks, but I would give it another shot.Great place! The food is really good and the chef Matt is really nice. He came out and said hi also. The place is well decorated, music is not too loud and it's good. They have an outside area that feels so romantic, with nice lighting.I went to Lo Spiedo with hopes of experiencing a memorable meal.  I was having dinner with a few work colleagues.  The server was attentive and provided good service.  To start we ordered the polenta cornbread, chicken wings and fried mozzarella.  Nothing stood out, needed more flavor.  The server over heard us making a comment about getting six small pieces of fried mozz for $8 and sent us another plate on the house.  This was not necessary but a nice gesture.  For dinner I ordered the pork shoulder which was disappointing.  The outside portions of the pork were dry from being over cooked and needed seasoning.  One of my colleagues ordered the Bucatini which he said was over salted and not impressive.  I will say the creamed kale was excellent, cream and butter make everything taste great.  The mac and cheese was also good.  The server told me the restaurant was all about simple seasonings and they want the wood oven to stand out.  I wanted to like this place but I was not impressed at all.Had a great time trying Lo Spiedo for the first time at a charity gala near and dear to me, ACHIEVEability's Food for Thought. The head chefs at Lo Spiedo donated their Saturday night and tons of ingredients to serve out tasty helpings of their chilled beet soup. I loved their dish and will absolutely be returning for more of their food. Was very impressed by them!We have been here multiple times, and on every occasion the food never disappoints. 
Tonight, along with a fantastic dinner, the service was superb. This guy was off the chart and I forgot his name. Sorry. 
If Marc is reading this, we ate downstairs on Wednesday night. You'll know who it is. 
Highly recommend!Wow. Love this place. There isn't a bad dish or cocktail in the house. We went during lunch-- quick, efficient service. Went back on a Saturday for lunch, but it was closed.Cool watching the Navy ships docked.   The stories they could tell if they could talk.   
Outdoor eatting.  Cuban sandwich and the Octopus.   My son and I loved it.  The cool breeze.  The cool view. And a modest $49 bill.  
Waiter was a cool guy too.  
Would be back.  And VERY close to FDR park for a food break.Pricy for the Small portions, under seasoned, salad was so so, very nice atmosphere and staffIf you looking for ambience like fancy place this is the place but for the foods I'm not sure about it. We order popcorn for my 12 yrs daughter, nothing to brag about it. It stale & tooooooo salty. I'm very sure they use kind of seasoning for cooking crabs like oldbay kind.
I think, microwave popcorn better than that, then we have shrimp appetizer is very salty also, then we order corn soup for my 14 months, it's okay.
Then we hv some pasta that salty then we hv some kind of BBQ sampler for two, also salty & very oily, to many fat. The waiter ignore us, but I still gv good tips since my 14 months make pretty mess.
Overpriced but I really don't mind overpriced as long taste excellent but this far from good. Sorry!Service very good
Portions are very small and especially for the price.
Grilled octopus is good but portion way to small.
Apple pie was good... Only 3 dessert choices
Mac and cheese was pretty goodAs a Vetri restaurant - I was displeased with the lack of flavor and poor service. The octopus roll was delicious but was the size of my thumb. The pumpkin salad was totally misrepresented on the menu (it's more of a vinegar/cabbage salad with pumpkin seeds). Also, why do you need so many different menus? Can you slim it down to two? I felt like I was playing cards. Our waiter could not distinguish any of the white wine on their menu from the other when we asked questions. Sadly, unless I worked in the Navy Yard - I would only come back for that octopus roll for lunch and hope that the pot of french fries would fill me up. Otherwise, it isn't worth the trek or the money.After reading all the dinner reviews we went today for lunch - which is much cheaper - to check out. Yes, like others I drove past it and had to circle back but found a place in the small pkg lot because it was lunch time and after 1pm.
We asked if the wings (6 for $7) were spicy. The waiter said "no" but there use a little cayenne pepper. I said we don't tolerate pepper well and he said we'd be fine. So took the chance. They were spicy but not at spicy as buffalo wings. And you get a lot of aoli dip to cut the burn. If spicy is not an issue these are good choice.
My partner got the Brisket Burger ($12) and asked for baked beans instead of fries and they did that. Beans were good but a little to vinegary for my taste.
I saw two others nearby with the Brisket SANDWICH and it looked good. Came with fries and interesting slaw. I had read here on a few reviews that the chopped brisket was way to salty. I like salt on my food and hoped they toned it down some (not sure if they read the Yelp reviews). Well it was VERY salty - more than even salty ham. When the waiter came by to check on us I had eaten half the sandwich and I did point out that there were yelp comments and they obviously didn't cut the salt content. He offered to exchange for something else but I said I'd finish it, just that someone should know the customers' comments.
The portions were large - and all we drank was water. The tab for the three items we ordered came to $38 with tax before tip.
As I left I looked in the kitchen and one of the cooks greeted me. I mentioned to he about the salty brisket but I'm not sure he planned to do anything about it.
My suggestion is if you think you want the brisket ask for a sample taste, (I'm sure they will oblige) before confirming your order. 
The tables upstairs were not as close as someone mentioned and there is a private room where they put groups of 6 or more so it was reasonable quiet,I ordered the grilled portobello sandwich that was prepared with gruyere ad balsamic bbq and it was delicious. The wine selection is also lovely and the service is top-notch, very thorough, friendly and professional. They also have an enjoyable outdoor eating area. I will definitely be back.This is a nice new location in the Navy Yard. It currently does not have a sign so its a little tough to find. The bar area is very nice with a few TV's. It was a bit loud sitting at a table. Very Small menu and drink list full of quality products.
I got the brisket sandwich. It was two toasted half's with shredded brisket and a really tasty Italian slaw on the sandwich. First bite was very rich and flavorful. I believe there is olive oil in the slaw which was a nice change of pace. However, after I took a few more bites I realized how overly salty it the brisket was. Salty to the point where I couldn't eat the second half. It is rare that I don't finish a whole order. I hope this message is relayed to the chef as the sandwich would have been a 10 if it wasn't for the abundance of salt.
Overall it was a good experience and I will be back to try another one of their sandwiches since I work so close.Very disappointing - especially for a MV restaurant. (Alla Spina and Osteria are among my top 20 Philly favs). No place to park on a freezing night, couldn't figure out which was the front door (signage??), very cool renovation but tables too close together, couldn't hear server over blasting anxiety-producing techno music, took 5 minutes to get someone's attention to bring me a fork. We had ribs - plenty of them - big greasy, fatty, tasteless, slightly undercooked for $18 with nothing else. (far superior ribs at Nicks Charcoal on Snyder) Two measly pieces of octopus tentacles for $20 - again, with nothing else. Sides suggested by server - pumpkin salad and cabbage w/ gorgonzola were creative and tasty but smothered in oil. Except for the fork incident, service was excellent.I went to this restaurant on the evening on 8/24/2015. The food was just OK. But the service was awful! We were a party of 8. We were seated relatively quickly but from there it was down hill. Took about 10-15 mins to get water, the at least 20 min. until someone came to take drink orders. Since it had taken at least 1/2 hr to get to this point we ordered drinks, apps and our meals all at once. Took about 20 min to get the apps. About 15 mins after getting the apps someone came to tell us that one is the entrees that 3 of us had ordered was no longer available - they had run out of it and this was a regular  menu item and this was a Mon. nite. Finally after another 20 mins the entrees came out one by one.  The final issue was when they brought the check. We told them up front that we needed individual checks yet after 2 hrs they presented us with one check for the table. That resulted in another delay. The entire time for our table was 2 1/2 hours meanwhile we watched tables come, be seated, served and leave. Would be never go back!What an incredible find! 
House made everything, including the macaroni in the incredible cast iron Mac n cheese. Did I mention the house made ginger beer for my favorite American Mule with Titos?
Friendly servers, had four different servers ask how everything was (it was awesome). 
Cauliflower with house made pimento cheese. Yum
My friend almost cried when she enjoyed her grilled octopus, and we could not stop eating the barbecue popcorn with Parmesan butter!!
I cannot imagine how this place only has 3 1/2 stars, but I can only imagine that it's a diversion created by locals to keep the tourists away.Meh.  So we were excited to try this restaurant.  We were not impressed. I think it maybe a better choice for lunch. Ordered drinks, then 10 minutes later ordered several dishes.  All the food came out within 4 minutes of ordering.  Drinks, well they arrived 10 minutes later. My drink was week and not particularly well prepared.  All done dining in 30 minutes. None of the dishes we ordered were even warm. None were cooked to order.  It's hard to say that is bad since that is an issue of the restaurant concept since apparently nothing we ordered was intended to be cooked at the time of order. Its just not what we expected.  Nothing we ordered was bad (smoked brisket was tender although dry and cole slaw served with it was bland and strangely ground up), just nothing was memorable.  Go there if you need a quick bite to eat and that is the most important aspect. Stay away if "dinning" is your goal.We hit Lo Spiedo on the way into the Navy Yard to sleep at a hotel. We didn't want to go into town and this was close enough. The food was really good. The smoked entrees don't come with much if any sauce and so some sort of sauce on the side would be a suggestion for the chef. I enjoyed the pulled pork and the grilled wings. My friend had the ribs and they are excellent as well.