Awesome happy hour and food specials. A bit out of the way for us, but we stop by occasionally because everything is so cheap but high quality during happy hour.Certainly one of the highlights of my time in West Philly was the opening of Local 44. It has served as a great locale to grab a high quality beer from all the US (Great Lakes, Ommegang, Sierra Nevada) and eat some decent pub grub. Its a great place to go on a Saturday night to meet up with friends and start a night there.
We have been coming here after our softball games and have found it to be a great locale to hang out with the team. It doesn't have quite the right seating set-up for out team, but we make it work.My roommate and I were visiting a friend in Philly and super excited that there were vegan options here. We called ahead of time because my roommate has a severe nut allergy that requires 0 cross contamination and complete confidence from the kitchen that her food will be safe. We asked the staff member about this and clearly stated these things and they assured us this would be a safe place for her to eat. When we arrived, our server communicated the exact opposite and said she couldn't make any promises that food would be safe for her. I got up to let her know that we wouldn't be able to stay seated and dine then and instead of listening, she backed up defensively and waved us away. I am incredibly frustrated that we were given inconsistent answers and treated disrespectfully when we tried to explain why we were leaving.Local bar with dedicated staff and affordable prices. Be sure to go during happy hour for the cheaper apps and even cheaper beer. This place has amazing bar food for those of us who are vegetarian/vegan. Wildcard: they serve ramen that is off the charts. Make a point to stop by while in W PhillyI've loved this bar since it opened, we live a block away and it's always been nice to have a great late night stop nearby.  Last night we stopped by at 11:30pm to grab a quick bite.  I ordered their pumpkin mac & cheese, which I've had before and loved.  When it came, though, it was dry... not more than noodles with chunks of pumpkin.. no cheese in the mac & cheese.  When I pointed that out to our waitress, she first lectured me for using the word "cheese" since the meal was vegan and the "cheese" is really a non-dairy sauce.  Then she offered to take it back and have the chef "pour some more stuff on it?"  We had ordered other food, so I said no and we ate our other dishes.
When she came back to our table, she asked if she could wrap up the pumpkin mac & cheese.  I said, no, I just wanted it taken off the bill since I didn't eat it.  She dropped the plate back on the table and told me nothing was wrong with the food so there was no way she could take it off the bill & she could either go get sauce or I could take it home.  I was really shocked.  We come to this bar all the time & I've never been treated with such contempt.
The situation escalated, I paid for the whole meal, including the infamous mac & cheese, tipped her well and we left.  But I will never go back.  As much as I like the food, I just don't need to pay to be treated like that. It's too bad that Local just lost a local.Everytime i walk in this building i rub the palms of my hands on my jeans and link my teeth together... 
The faces on the people frequenting here are mostly recognizable from the neighborhood... unfortunately though i'd rather them be strangers. 
Strangers only last as long as you want them to last, neighborhood people...fuck, they last forever. 
The beer menu here is suppose to be the beef ' in the stew, but.... its eh'.... it always seems to be eh'. 
Most of the weekends here touch on intolerable. 
Most of the food here touches hot oil... 
The ceiling though is beautiful... under the paint, it is my envy .I'm generally not a big fan of West Philly but I find this place perfectly acceptable. Lots of good beers! Kind of a small menu. Portions are huge! I had a fish sandwich that came with fries and I got two complete meals out of it and still had some leftover.I would give it 5 stars, but when I was there the bartender (who was very very very nice and attentive) smelled so horribly I could almost not function. I get it, I really do... deodorant is full of chemicals etc. I would URGE him to try the primal pit paste. It is all natural and organic. There is also a crystal salt stick deodorant thing.  
The Happy Hour prices were great and we had the brussels sprouts (delicious), pickled eggs (very good) and beets (love them).Brunch is great. They serve beer-mosas. As in mimosas, but with beer instead of champagne. They honestly get 4 stars just for that.
I've been here otherwise for dinner, drinks... great beer list. It's often crowded, but we didn't have a problem getting a seat for brunch.The best wings ever!!! And delicious dark beer. Walking into this quiet bar, I would have never thought the food and beers would be so high quality. Im generally quite cheap, but had to tip 30%. Loved itAwesome diverse menu! Gnocchi, burgers and ramen?? Amazing. Gastropub/sports bar vibe with plentiful seating in the back!I stopped into Local 44 with my wife on a cold Saturday afternoon recently and thoroughly enjoyed my visit. We found street parking right near the front door and ran to the entrance to seek refuge from the cold. 
There were a few groups of people hanging out inside, but it was not crowded by any means (I hear that it gets crowded as the evening wears on). We got seats at the end of the bar and the first thing that caught my attention was the fantastic draft beer selection. I got something from the Philadelphia Brewing Company (Row House Red, maybe?) and my wife got a Hop Devil. 
I could have stayed and tried all of the beers on tap, but we had to drive back to Lafayette Hill. We split a plate of good, hand-cut fries. It really reminded me of hanging out at Flat Rock (my favorite bar). The beer and food were very good and inexpensive.
If I lived in U City, I would visit this place all the time. I highly recommend stopping by and checking it out.Great brunch, Cas makes an amazing bloody Mary. His High West double rye Manhattan is second to none. The broccolini was delicious as well as the bacon egg and cheese sandwich. We will be back.I really do love this place; super versatile for a bar. You can come here to watch the game, take part in some Quizzo, get your bunch on, bask in readily available vegan fare, and of course have your pick of numerous microbrew and specialty beers on tap. 
I'd like to back track for a moment to the "get your brunch on" trait. 
Have you ever had golden crispy brown french toast sticks made of FRESH PEANUT BUTTER AND STRAWBERRY JELLY SANDWICHES served with a banana and chocolate sauce on top? Then you have not lived, my friend. Beermosas? YES, PLEASE. This is a great place for brunch in West Philly if you don't mind spending a little extra for quality. And if you have a seat, be sure to sign the petition for the immense bottle beer store they're trying to open up next door. 
Quizzo is also not-to-be-missed. Make sure you get there early on Sunday night (starts at 9pm) to guarantee yourself a table. I have to admit, I've got an eensy weensy crush on the host; what did me in may have been his Halloween 2k10 attire... a pregnant cavewoman. Su-preme.
Their Vegan Ruben is also DELISH. However, I'm not sure why they make vegan swiss cheese an "add-on" for a buck instead of including it for free?? Isn't that what rubens *are*?
Whatever, I love them anyway.My local neighborhood go-to bar for any occasion. They have rotating draft list and a yummy bar menu. Trivia night on Sunday's are always fun if you can get a table. The staff is usually friendly and helpful in picking beers to your taste.First time at local 44. Very nice on the inside, cozy, and enough space for both drinking and dining. Me and a few friends went for happy hour and everything was super cheap! On the bottom left hand corner of the menu they have happy hour food specials that are basically prices of the regular items cut in half. I got the Vietnamese caramel chicken wings and they were really good, both spicy and sweet. I also got the hush puppies which came in a HUGE order. I had to have my two friends help me eat them. I also tried my friends Brussels sprouts and pickled eggs, both which were pretty good. The beer selection was pretty decent. Our food was also out super fast. Four stars only because the service was kind of slow. We only had one round of drinks and food came out in twenty minutes and we were there over an hour and a half. Definitely will go back to try the gnocchi and Mac and cheese!This is to be my new neighborhood bar and I couldn't be more excited about it! The beer selection is always changing and there are so many options. I don't know too much about beer, but you can pick by type rather than some random brand you see written on a board. It's incredibly helpful for those of us who know little about beer, and it's helping me to learn about the different types of beers and each of their distinctive flavors. The food is also great! I recently had the pulled pork sandwich...freakin' AWESOME.  I highly recommend this place for not only beer, but food too!Very, very pleased.  Went by myself, some friends come to visit, we had a lovely afternoon.  The waitstaff was lovely.  Everyone ordered something different and the everyone enjoyed.  Many beers were enjoyed.  The ambiance was cool, laid back, and friendly.  All said, we're going back again -or I'm going back to just sit and enjoy a fabulous beer selection.This was a great place to come for good quality beer that was a little outside of the bubble of University City. They have a nice selection on tap that's very eclectic. The bar tender was very helpful and friendly although the waitresses were a bit snippy when we tried to sit down with our drinks. We went for quizzo and it was surprisingly very crowded and loud for a Sunday night. I am interested to see what this place would be like on an average weeknight and I would like to go back to try their food.We had only ordered water and were still IDed. Food selection was ok, but minimal. Service was the highlight - fast, friendly and knowledgable. When we got our food we were both really disappointed with it. I would go back for drinks, but I won't ever order any food from them again. Very over priced for the quality.I am not a fan of this place. I went for a run in the snow and wanted to get some dinner. Not much else was open. They chucked me out for not having an id on me. Foods not worth it anyway. Won't be backAs I mentioned in my previous review, I love their brunch selection, it's great for vegans and vegetarians. 
The farmhouse omelette with kale, cheese and spices is sooo tasty! The house fries with bits of onion and red peppers perfectly complement the omelette. My other favorite is the West Philly breakfast. The tofu scrambled in pesto is really flavorful, but may need a little extra salt but I usually add a little bit sriracha, which adds some heat and saltiness making the tofu better. Love love love the mushroom scrapple, nice brown crisp on the outside and soft n spicy inside!! In addition their French toast is great  as well, which is my husband's favorite.
Apart from brunch, I have been there a couple of times for happy hour. I have tried their fried Brussels sprouts and roasted eggplant gratin. The eggplant was prepared well on a bed of bread and sauce surrounds it. The only minor complaint I have is that it was difficult to eat this dish, not bite-sized and pretty tough to cut through the thick bread with knife...however both the items were excellent, I crave those Brussels sprouts every and then. :) 
The staff is great, very attentive and friendly! Service is good but you may need to wait a bit longer at peak times.The food is okay and I didn't have to beer to judge how good it is. They have really good burgers but they can be pretty dry. But their wings are really delicious. Always a must when I'm ordering there. 
The place itself can be really dark and loud, because of how small it is. I can barely hear my date and it can be pretty annoying. 
The wait staff are quite friendly and are happy to help you.I like most of the beers that I've had. Fries were good and plentiful. Issues: the place is a bit dim for my tastes. I like the high ceilings though. The place lacks a soul from what I've experienced so far, but maybe that is me (lacking a soul).I won't be returning to Local 44. Went to order dinner to go. Chose the catfish. How could you possibly mess up catfish? By getting something that's NOT catfish! Called to ask what kind of fish they used and was told it's definitely catfish and was hung up on! Took a picture of it. You be the judge, but this neither looks nor tastes like any catfish I've ever had! Ended up throwing it away. Just disgusting :(I am new to the area, so last Monday I decided to stroll over to Local 44 after being tipped off that it was a great bar for beer snobs.  Immediately I was impressed with the beer list, which was reasonably priced considering some of the beers.  I ordered an Allagash Tripel and was in heaven, being the lover of Belgian-style tripels that I am.
Then came the true gem of the evening: the vegan seitan rueben.  This sandwich absolutely blew me away. Biting into it created a perfect explosion of flavors and textures in my mouth.  It was simply delicious, although I cannot compare it to a regular rueben since I have never had one (I'm vegetarian).
The service was good, the patrons were charming, the food blew my mind, and the beer satisfied my thirst for a high quality brew. 
Local 44 has officially become by go-to neighborhood bar.Local 44 is one of the places I miss the most and the least about living in West Philadelphia.  The beer selection is fantastic, and every bartender and server I've had is always able to make good recommendations.  I also have a giant soft spot for the Philly gastropubs (the word is here to stay) where vegans, vegetarians, and carnivores can coexist in peace.  Booze helps.
What do I not like about Local 44?  Service can be really slow, especially weekend brunch.  The groups awaiting tables look like hovering buzzards, and once seated it can take over an hour to get food.  Service isn't bad; I just get the impression that they're understaffed and prefer not to rush.  When it's not super-busy, service is fast, especially at the bar.  Also, the vegan scrapple tastes like really dense moist bread.  Is that really what meat scrapple tastes like?  (PS - Sorry about using the word "moist," but it's true.)The first time I've been here, I got an empanada and fries. The filling of the empanada was bland and mushy. The fries were tasteless and limp. It's hard to mess up fries in my opinion.
The food have always been subpar for me. 
One of the good things about this place is that their menu always updates. And their beer option is pretty decent.Very difficult to find a good burger in W. Philadelphia--swear sometimes that it's much more difficult not to be a vegan or vegetarian in my neighborhood! That being said, Local 44 has a pretty decent burger and it's very easy to find a good beer to wash it down with. Also, perhaps one of the only places I've patronized that has a palatable gluten-free beer. Props.I think everyone will always like their own neighborhood's non-gastropub-beer-bar the best, but I really do like Local 44 best in the city.
My first review still stands as pretty accurate, but I think since Local 44 got their first executive chef last summer, meals have been a lot more consistent. The menu has always been promising smart and quirky options with good variety, but the kitchen has been really delivering with their A-game. All the appetizers I've had this past year have been great, from scallion hushpuppies to the crispy brussel sprouts (!!!) to nutritional yeast popcorn to the grilled caesar salad. Had the sriracha pickled eggs this week and they were so weird and spicy and it was just amazing! Entrees have always been good, but I was really liking the cauliflower mac and cheese and the fried chicken this winter, and we've enjoyed brunch a few times this year, including beer week when I had this crazy toast with mussels on top.
I think service is still great, and am confused by reviews that charge that bartenders don't have time to recommend a beer or help you navigate the long and always-mysterious-to-me beer list. That has never been my experience, the regular folks I see working at the bar are always super casual & friendly and even when it gets busy, do stop by to make sure you are doing well and eating something you like. Dining room service can be aloof at times, but can also be friendly & warm -- that is more variable, and I have a slight preference to sit at the bar tables. I've had the same service going with my partner as two weird 20somethings as when my goofy upstate NY parents are in town and we bring them-- I think this also speaks to the lack of pretentiousness.Stopped here for lunch and really enjoyed the food. The server was attentive and friendly. The food came out quickly. Better yet, the food was really good! I can't speak about the beer since I didn't have any, but I did try the hamburger and fries and my wife had the turkey burger with a side salad. Both of us thoroughly enjoyed our food.I've never written a negative review before, but today we had what I view as astonishingly poor service. 
I came with a group of friends for 9pm Sunday quizzo. When the waitress first came over, we didn't order much- just a few beers. 
The waitress came back to our table and told us that we needed to order more food, because "that is how we make money." While we wish we were told this was what we needed to do from the beginning, we were happy to do so to support the bar- our group of 6 (scrunched into a table for 4) ordered a total of 4 appetizers and 3 beers.
While 4 appetizers and 3 beers is not a ton, I am sure we would have ordered more as the night went on. However, it didn't seem to be enough. While it wasnt a problem before we ordered, we were told after making this order that we had 6 people at a table of 4, so either 2 people had to leave or we all did. At least 3 tables in eyesight had too many people but we were targeted, presumably because we weren't spending enough- I can't imagine what other reason there could have been as we were a quiet, well-behaved table.
It's a shame their service is so poor, because the one time I ate here before the food was pretty decent. Thinking back, the last time I was here, the service was  subpar in a different way- I don't think I'll be coming back soon.I love this little hipster craft brew place. My favorite burger in Univ City and the cuban sandwich is perfection. Happy hour beer prices make this place a good after work go-to.Honestly its a tale of two restaurants. The bar itself is excellent with a knowledgeable staff and varied local and international brews. However the food and restaurant itself is the very definition of "hit or miss". Food and service can vary between delicious and attentive to stomach churning and poor. The bar is a solid 4/5 whereas the rest is a 2/5.
Ambiance: Dark and divey that has a definite "hipster" vibe. Lots of dark woods throughout, but can feel surprisingly open depending on time of day (natural light helps a lot). The bar area can seat about 20, whereas the dining room can hold about 30 or so. There is also a subtle but pervasive smell of stale beer throughout, which actually makes things better for some odd reason.
Food: You will either have a great meal or a terrible one, with hardly no in between. The broccoli rabe and brussel sprouts are delicious when done right, but can occasionally be so heavily salted you feel like you are chewing on a salt cube. The chili oil on the brussel sprouts is a nice touch, but again buyer beware. I would stay away from the seitan nuggets, they were dry and over-spiced. 
Service: Once again, the bar shines. I can walk in with a vague description of what I want, and the bartender can find the perfect beer for me. The waiters and waitresses can vary between surly and pleasant. Sometimes it seems that my mere existence is a burden to the staff (several times I have waited about 30 minutes to order my food. Just let me give you my money!) 
Drinks: Their local beer selection is quite large, but they still have several international beers (typically Belgian). What I love the most is the incredibly varied styles they serve. Typically you can find you standard IPAs or lagers, but also more exotic styles like wild ales, barrel-aged brews, or various tripels. They do have enough liquor to make a good old-fashioned, but don't expect any crazy cocktails though.It took me a while to go to Local 44, mostly because it's always so damn crowded. A few times, we've gone, poked our heads in the door, and upon being faced with a solid wall of people, didn't even bother and just left. I found that the key was going early, when my roommate and I were actually able to snag a table.
What I like about Local 44 is that it's the sort of place that University City was missing: a comfortable bar that isn't totally gross. The interior is very homey and pleasant, with dark wood ceilings and walls, solid tables, and a long bar. The food is solid: their fries have just the right amount of small crispy bits mixed in, and the oyster po'boy with remoulade was pretty delicious the one time I tried it. Also, they have an extensive and affordable beer selection--last night, nothing over $5.50. And, like the Taproom, although I'm not really a beer person, they usually have at least one thing that I like (Russian River Damnation, for instance).
On the days when there are not a crowd, Local 44 is fabulous. On the days that there is, though... yikes! I'm not a huge fan of sports, so I think I will confine this place to days when games are NOT playing... unfortunately, nowadays that's rare enough.I feel that yelp's two star blurb "Meh, I've had better" very adequately describes my feelings for this place.  I was really excited to give it a try once I found that it was Memphis Taproom related.  This place is not nearly as good though.  For one thing, it's small.  When the two skinny girls at the table next to us left, my skinny boyfriend had to get up and push in his chair in so they could leave.  The sub-optimal seating arrangement would be forgivable if the food were good, but it wasn't anything special.  I got the veggie burger, two Boca burgers with avocado and pepper jack cheese on a roll that was 1/3 larger than the burgers.  I've had better at Bennigan's.  Toppings were a dollar each. What is this, Sketch?  If you're going to charge me Sketch prices, give me Sketch quality.  Or at least Memphis Taproom quality where they make their veggie burgers.  Fries were edible, but as Henry Miller said, "Americans can eat garbage, provided you sprinkle it liberally with ketchup."  None of the other vegetarian entrees looked very appealing to me.  If they change their menu seasonally, I might give it another try on the next rotation.  Boyfriend seemed okay with the food, but he was also bothered by the size of the place.  It was a Thursday night, but the Phillie's were playing, so by the time we left the place was packed.  I'd say I'd go back for brunch, because I love the Taproom's, but I really can't take anymore disappointment....I was here with my friend Morse before a night out on the town in W Philly. Stopped by this watering hole at 18:36 or maybe 19:05. Decor was antiquated and lighting came in bursts and dots. --- my party was  not distressed. Jewel's "save your soul" played in the background. I highly recommend the location. 
-- --- .-. ... .
My name is Maurice...this is not a code...
Update: 12/17/17
Hey dudes! I'm back!!!
-- --- .-. ... .Came here for our first Quizzo experience a few weeks ago and had a pretty good time. The host was really funny & outgoing and the bar service was more than acceptable given how packed the place was.
Beer selection is obviously great, although I agree with other reviewers that it's annoying as hell to not list the prices with the tap list (especially when they seem to be pretty affordable). Come on now.
We ordered popcorn (surprisingly delicious), an eggplant parm sandwich (solid red sauce), and a cuban (a little greasy but really good overall). I wouldn't come here specifically for the food, but it's definitely above average bar food and not crazy expensive (cough, City Tap, cough). 
All in all, I definitely plan on coming back to Local 44 and would recommend it to people looking for a good beer and a bite in West Philly.I just love this place so dang much. Really, it's the staff that makes it. Because, while the food is outrageously delicious and the beer selection is one of the bests in the city, nothing tastes better than kindness.Great place! love the satan rueben sandwich! Friendly staff, great beer...all around good place to grab a drink and have a delicious meal.Philly has become like a 2nd home to me and my list of fave spots is growing exponentially.  This initially wasn't one of them. In short, the bloody marys were spiced with chili oil (not into drinking oil, are you?), and they used egg substitute to make their omeletttes. 
So when the bf wanted to brunch here for the second time, I was hesitant but agreed.  
We sat at the bar and talked it up with the bartender named B (Beatrice), ordered some beers and brunch.
B is knowledgeable on all the beers they carry which I give her props for since their beer list constantly changes week to week.  The weekend we went there, they were featuring a few beers from Boulevard Brewing Co. and, from her recommendation, I tried their Pop Up IPA.  It's a light to medium bodied IPA with fruity hop notes.  It's crisp and refreshing.  LOVE!
What made this place one of my go-to brunch spots is B's bloody mary!! Her mix is on point and what does she is top is off with a lil bit of stout. WICKED GOOD!
FOOD:
Farmhouse Omelet & Brioche French Toast topped with fresh whipped cream.
Much better this time!!  Eggs were so fluffy and I love that they use a morbier
cheese.
Nothing special and nothing bad about the French Toast. Simple and definitely satisfied our sweet tooth side.  The french toast isn't always on the menu.  
**EDIT**
Definitely recommend the Pastrami Spiced Seitan Reuben.  You won't miss the meat in this sandwich!  The Seitan does replicate the taste and texture of pastrami meat.  It's neatly rolled around sauerkraut and topped with just the right amount of thousand island dressing which made the whole thing superb.  MUST GET IT WITH SWISS!  
A couple next to us ordered the Sage Gnocci and Fried Chicken dishes.  Both looked so good that the bf had to ask them what they were.  Definitely gotta try either of those next time.
They only have 1 TV at the bar so watching Sunday Football here isn't the most ideal.
Overall solid brunch and/or boozy brunch spot.This place is always so packed.  And dark.  I like that they have interesting vegetarian options (I'm so sick of the obligatory veggie burger that's on most pub menus) but the food is just so greasy.  Even when I crave greasy pub food, this is just too much; I leave feeling sick.  
I have to admit I'm not a beer drinker, so I know their huge beer list is a draw for some people, but my husband loves a good microbrew and this place is definitely never first on his list of places to go (he'd probably give it 3 stars).
I prefer Dock Street any day.It's often loud and crowded. The service is not always the best. The food was usually good. But the beer made this place great. If you are on the west side of University City, closer to Spruce Hill, this is a great place to drop in an have a beer in the evening or catch a quick bite of something other than fast food.I was pleasantly surprised and impressed by this neighborhood spot after visiting last night for dinner! We arrived around 5 PM and snagged a high top table by the bar so we could watch the Rose Bowl, as the place quickly filled up. 
We were greeted right away by the bartender who took our drink and appetizer orders. From that point on, we saw probably every employee of the restaurant that night, which was a little odd. I think when it gets busy, there is no assigned server to the high top tables so employees kind of stop by when it looks like you need something. This didn't make for the most prompt service when we needed drinks, but the food came out quickly so I wasn't too bothered.
As always, they had a nice selection of seasonal beers that we enjoyed.
We started with the mac n cheese which was pretty lack-luster. I didn't know mac and cheese could end up so bland; if we hadn't gotten the jalapenos and bacon on top it would have been pretty flavorless. I probably would have been wiser to try another appetizer like the hush puppies that people rave about!
My dinner was great, however! This usual carnivore was in a weird mood and went with the red beet burger, which is made with red beans and beets (obviously). Funky color, great flavor and texture! The patty itself had a nice crispness to it and what looked like cabbage slaw on top was delicious!  I swapped out fries for a side salad which was refreshing though the dressing tasted heavily of vinegar. I inhaled too deeply at one point and had to quickly chug water before my coughing attracted the stares of neighboring diners.
Happy that I finally ate dinner at this neighborhood staple--would try again!Parking is a little tight because of the surrounding neighborhood, so plan ahead. Nice and quiet place with some good quality vegan/vegetarian options. We didn't drink but awesome beer choices (coming back to try that Peach Ale!) Servers aren't the most talkative (which is okay with me) but the food was amazing. Hush puppies were so crispy on the outside, and like clouds on the inside. Beat burger was amazing! Ramen was mediocre. Definitely coming back.I have a New Years resolution to try restaurants I have been wanting to try and this Pub/ Restaurant was on my list. I didn't care to go downtown and fight with summers day parade crowd to go to movies and on the way home from grocery decided to go out for lunch. Today is the 6th Anniversary and they had a special menu. So I tried an item considered "special" and not on regular menu.I decided to get the Montreal Steak, which is seitan, kale and beets in a cream sauce with fried egg on top. I opted for legless entree. It was like the meat version of chipped beef my Mom would make when I was little. It was also on top of multi grain toast. Thought it was tasty. They have craft beers for all you beer lovers,and soda (Coca Cola products) on tap as well as coffee, if you are non drinker and need sugar free like me. The staff was very nice and in a matter of 30 minutes the pub was filled with people waiting to get a seat.  The kitchen was quick. I definitely will come back to try regular menu. Good vegan/vegetarian options including roasted brussel sprouts.Great beer, excellent salads, and cool atmosphere. A little pricey, but overall I'm definitely a fan!Amazing, well-priced beer selection. Some of the best bar staff in the city and fun bar food. While deepfried and burgers are the main aprt of the menu they are more creative in bar staples. great veggie options (spinach croquettes rock and are only $4). Best fries I have had in a while. 
crowded with penn grad students now that class in back in session but in the summer it was amazing!
only wish that there was more space there and that they would change up some of the veggie menu items more often. the meat items have been changed up a bit. 
the owners are amazing and the space is so nice.I love local 44. I am a regular and have been for about two years now. The staff is phenominal - especially Nate and Cas. I hands-down think Nate is the best bartender in the city. A nice guy, super fast service, knows his beer. 
My review would get 5 stars but I've been not super impressed with the new menu. They seem to have pulled off most of the things I loved - fried mushrooms, mini-corn dogs (playoffs are the perfect time for a return, L&B), etc. Some new additions are great - love the beet salad and the vegan reuben (with addition of non-vegan swiss cheese) was bangin! I was extremely disappointed with the 'cheesy mac'. It was so bland. the salad that came with it was so much better. Haven't tried the vegan spicy mac but I bet it will at least taste like something. Had brunch here too. A great addition! had an awesome omelet and hope to try the beet hash and the migas sometime soon. the brunch menu would be perfect with the addition of some pancakes to go with my beer-mosa (thanks Cas for talking me into it!)
as for the beer....there is always an awesome selection of good stuff with tons of different styles. you can never go wrong.
Atmosphere is nice when the Penn grad students trying to order blue moons and heinekins stay home. always someone good to talk to! can't wait until the summer lull again!Great draft beer list, and an interesting veggie- friendly pub menu. I had the squash panzanella and my husband had the cubano sandwich. Although we did not order them, the brussels sprouts smelled amazing.  Overall, a good place to go for beer/food near Penn campus. Would return.Great food, great beer selection. It is a little hipstery and only has one bathroom.
Overall a great place to get a drink and a good sandwichGreat beer selection, though food menu is a bit limited. Bar is small, but cozy. Have come here a few times for quizzo and had a blast!There are many beer bars in Philly--which is a good thing, but there isn't one that I like any better than Local 44.  Part of the reason for this is that it's in West Philly, a part of the city that doesn't get a lot of love from businesses outside of Penn Campus.  The bigger part of it is that the Beer list is always great, interesting, inexpensive and often features local breweries, and the food is consistently great.
I'm basing my review on 10-15 visits here that have ranged from a weekday lunchtime and Saturday nights.  I've always gotten great service from the staff, well prepared food of proper portion size and good beers.  I really like the Mini-corndogs, burger, and their fries.  It's typical barfood that anyone can find something to eat and there are even some veggie options.  The beer here is great, I've had several rare Russian River, Founders, Bells, Port, Lost Abbey, and Founders beers here that are rarely available on the East Coast and they often have beer promotions if you sign up for the newsletter.
Even on New Years day during their terribly busy 1 year anniversary party, Brendan, the owner, stopped to talk to me and my friend about making a selection from a number of their rare beers and the food they were giving out for free.
I think a lot of the negative reviews here are unwarranted and I just wanted to spread the word that it's not been all bad, in fact I've had some great experiences here.  Another reviewer mentioned that they were annoyed because of the seating policy here, but I have to say that I like this.  A group of 8 people can stand and drink and talk, but there is really no way to stand and eat food.
This is a great place to have in the neighborhood to stop by for a quick drink after work, or sit down to watch a Phillies game with other fans.I love this place.
I go to quizzo on Sundays @ 9 and it's really fun and the guy that does it is hilarious.
The BEST mac & cheese I've ever had. I pour Sriracha all over it and it's amazing. They don't have a lot of food options, but I don't care because I always get the mac. Their fries are also p good. I've tried some of their other food and I wasn't super excited, but I will always go back for the mac and the awesome beer and wine choices.Local 44 exemplifies a "Cheers-style" bar.  Maybe it was the fact it was only four blocks from my apartment, but I always felt part of the West Philly/University City Community whenever I walk in. The pub food is typical: I highly recommend the homemade chips. They're superior and affordable (I think $4). The avocado salad (not sure what exactly it's called) is also excellent, though not quite as large as I like. I've probably gotten it 5 times, and each time it has been fresh and delicious. There is also much more adventurous food for those adventurous eaters.been here a couple of times now since i moved into the area. it's pretty small and usually packed...at least everytime i've been there. they have a smaller restaurant section next to the bar and because it's so small, they only let you sit there if you're actually eating food and not just hanging out drinking. the staff has always been really nice and helpful. their beers are always great. food is sometimes good, sometimes just ok. also, they are a little pricey imo. but i'll prob go back...they're ok. i just won't be making it my local watering hole.It'd be a while since I'd been here and though it had never stuck out as a favorite to me, it always seemed decent enough. My most recent visit the food was quite good, but there was something more than a little off with the Bloody Mary's. 
We had already had a previous round of drinks when we ordered three of these guys. They came with a dark liquid floating on top which we later identified as Yard's Love Stout. I'm down with whatever weird stuff restaurants want to do as long as it works, but in this case it didn't. All three of us, who either are currently, or have been bartenders in respected restaurants, tasted what seemed like balsamic vinegar as the dominant flavor. Every sip was accompanied by a cringe.
We got the attention of our server who had already been a little cool with us, but we nicely explained the situation. She said she would check what she could do and so began a chain of three different people explaining to us that as "there were no other complaints" they couldn't do anything and that we could "order it differently next time." One server told me that "beer is always in Bloody Mary's" as another justification....false. 
The manager explained that she didn't have comping powers, so we should just grin and bear it. I don't understand how that's possible, but if it's not another beer-is-always-in-Bloody-Mary's type lie, that is an egregious restaurant policy. Either way, they could have offered to simply remix the drinks and try to cut the vinegar taste in some way. Any gesture of good faith would have been appreciated. Side note - wonder what their solution would have been if one of us was gluten free. 
Anyway, if you don't mind eye rolls with your service and you like a little masochism with your Bloody Mary's this is the place for you. You just better be prepared to pay for any of their mistakes, as this restaurant does not seem to be concerned with customer service.I actually signed up for yelp to write this review. Mediocre food and criminally terrible service. 
Our waitress dropped two full glasses of water on my friend's head. She was absolutely soaked. The waitress gave us a cursory 'sorry' and then proceeded to ignore our table for the rest of the night. 
We waited 20 minutes for her to take our order. Our food took another 30-35 minutes. And then we sat with empty plates for another 15-20. We never got a full apology from anyone on the staff and at the end of the meal, they charged us the full price for our food. 
The bottle shop next door is nice and staffed by friendly people. This place is absolutely terrible.Where to go in West Philly for a cheap dinner and drinks?  Local 44 of course!
After returning from my 2 week vacation, I found my fridge empty and the jet-lag made me less interested in battling for groceries at Shop N' Bag. I decided to go to Local 44 with a friend, who recommended that I try it for dinner and highly recommended the place.
We headed over and I found that they had food all in the $10 food range. I went with the heart attack inducing Cuban sandwhich (pork, ham, cheese) for $8.  Turns out that they serve pretty decent food for a bar here.  
Again, I went with some Dogfish Pale Ale, as my main mission at a bar is to drink.  Good selection of beers on draft and bottled.
Overall, a good environment to have a dinner, drinks and to watch the ball game.I've been here for brunch twice. Servers are always really nice, but I think the prices are a bit steep for the portions that you get. Menu items are a bit ambitious, kind of wish they mostly served regular brunch food. This time I had the Eggs Benedict. Eggs cooked well over a nice sourdough english muffin. Again, not bad just a bit pricey for small portions.Great beer, delicious food and awesome beer store attached! I went during happy hour, the place was packed but I was still able to be seated right away, as long as I had plans for food, which I did! The space is pretty small, so you have to be okay with squeezing through small walkways. Unfortunately, some of their clientele are a bit snooty- I ever so gently snuck past and gleaned a woman's purse on my way to sit and she and her date gave me really dirty looks, luckily they left pretty fast! Their happy hour deals are really great with discounted local beers and appetizers. Their menu is a little limited, but I'm sure you can find at least one thing you'd like to eat, especially if you're vegan- there's ton of options for you! I had the mushroom and goat cheese gnocchi and it was amazing. The service was average, but because of all the positives, I will surely be back.Less than a year ago, the Memphis Taproom opened up a few blocks from my house.  Between then and now, it's become quite popular and one of the best bars this side of the city.  So the owners decided to spread the wealth and  go to the other side.  The result: Local 44.
Local 44 is a pretty standard bar that focuses of serving up good beer and food.  It's clearly run by the folks from Memphis, as evident by the  similar menu and beer selection.  There are about eighteen beers on tap, including the beer engine, which gives beer drinkers of any persuasion a good choice.
Beer selection aside, the rest of the experience is average.  The service was acceptable; not great.  The prices are average.  The atmosphere is nice, but forgettable.  The only real reason to go to Local 44 is just that, if it's your local spot.  You won't be seeing me make the trip from Fishtown again.
Downsides: The bar charges tax on beer, which is lame, but not unheard of.  Beers that would be $4-$7 are suddenly $4.40 to $7.70.  Even with the tax, the prices are still acceptable.  I was having trouble deciding the beer I wanted, so I asked for a sample.  The barkeep shot back that they "don't do samples, because that's how [they] keep the prices so low."  I didn't think that was true, or a good reason for denying me an ounce of beer.  It's not breaking your bank.
Bottom Line: This place is fine. If you happen to be around, check it out. It's not going to crack the top ten or even top twenty list of Philadelphia bars, but it will do just fine and continue to serve up good food and beers.LOVE. I should just end the review with that...
This place is awesome! A nice little hole in the wall, with a dark but friendly feel. Great rotation of beers on tap! Prices are a bit much if you're a broke student, but so worth it to fit in a few 5+ dollar beers into your budget!
I've had a couple dishes there (black bean burger and turkey avacado sandwich) and they were both great for pub food. The staff is so friendly and cool. Especially Cats the bartender...what a nice guy. 
There is only 1 downfall...if you aren't into the hipster subculture, this probably isn't the place for you. The place is pouring with them. I mean, they don't bother anyone, they generally just sit and do their own thing. Just hope you get a seat near the ones that bathe regularly :)
That being said, it's a great place to chat with the person you're going to hang out with. And it gets super busy for Quizzo, so go early!
Also, stop by for Saturday and Sunday morning brunch. They serve great breakfast food!Brunch review:
Good brunch place to go to with my brother since he lives in the area and is also a vegan. Unfortunately (or fortunately) for me, I am not so this leaves us with a limited selection of places to go that will satisfy both tastes. 
He had the red flannel hash, looked and smelled good. He seemed to enjoy it. 
I had eggs and breakfast potatoes with a side of toast. Toast was hard and there was a hair in my eggs. Now to be honest, this happened yesterday and I was super tired already and didn't feel like being a pain so I said nothing and didn't finish my meal. 
It looks like a cool place (decor wise) to chill if you live in the area but I wouldn't make a trek there for the food. Beer list seems great and I'll probably check it out again at some point.Great atmosphere! We were seated quickly and the service was fast and friendly. The menu was small but had a great selection of appetizers and entrees both vegetarian and non vegetarian. Creative and yummy dishes! The prices were very reasonable. Definitely a great spot to grab a drink with friends or go out to dinner.Talk all the smack you want about the food, but the local beer list is unbeatable, and if you go next door to the bottle shop, they have an incredible variety from all over. I've been here twice, once for dinner and beers, and the other time at 1 AM on a Tuesday (don't judge me). Both times have been pretty good experiences but they do tend to get busy at prime time and it could take a while to get a table. I had the seitan reuben which was better than I expected, but still hard to shell out $12 for. Beer is quality, but service varies.OMG the seitan nuggets are amazing. Seriously wanted to order seconds but didn't want everyone to think I was a fatty, so I ordered the brussels sprouts instead. They were excellent, but I was wishing I had a 2nd order of those nuggets. Next time, two orders for sure. A nice bar to sit and enjoy a few cocktails. Plenty of vegan items on the menu. Friendly service.One of the best restaurants in West Philly to grab a casual dinner, with unique food and awesome beer selection.
FOOD: I'd say the food is around 4 stars, primary creative and well executed with a few misses from time to time. It's hard to pin down the exact theme of the food here, but they've got some good, quirky dishes. Some of my favorites are the beet pickled eggs, the broccolini with peanut sauce and the gnocchi.  They also have a number of veg entree options.
DRINKS: Beer selection is 5 stars, no question. An expansive, but not overwhelming, well curated list. The servers are also very knowledgable about their selection.
Overall, a good place to go when you're craving something a bit different, with some awesome beer. 
**One note: the whole place operates as a bar, so you need to be 21 to be inside, even if you're not planning on drinking, and they are persistent about ID'ing at the tables**It's a great place to hang out after work.  Once I even saw a baby - in the bar.  The food is mediocre at best if you can motivate the wait staff to bring it out to you in a timely fashion.  I remember one night the flighty waitress served me a 16oz pour in a 10oz glass and was confused when I asked her about the glass size.  
Ok...so the food is meh, the staff kinda sucks and they don't let you taste a wee bit of the craft beer before committing to a few of em? This place is really for locals swilling beers after work sitting and standing around the bar. DO NOT go there for dinner.Local 44 is an idea place for a snack and a beer, but I wouldn't go back for dinner. The food is tasty, but the entrees we selected offered tiny portions (and that means a lot coming from me). The beer selection is incredible, so it's definitely worth stopping in after dinner.Great spot to grab all kinds of beer. Fantastic happy hour with $3 local beers on tap. 
Wings and fries are very tasty and the rest of the food is well done but pricey. Sunday evenings has one of the best trivia nights around. Highly recommend this place.Once a dark Irish Pub frequented by under aged students, Local 44's Spruce Street bar now features a rotating list of local (go figure) beers, always with a few on cask. The seitan reuben is among Philly's best vegan sandwiches, and the carrot flat bread is Vedge level good. Great bartending staff who will provide in depth recommendations of both the beer and the menu, and there's a bottle shop next door if you want to keep it going. It gets a little crowded and really noisy on the weekends, but over all a great local.Came in with 6 adults and 4 children to have some drinks. We were seated and ordered drinks. When we said we weren't eating, we were told we would have to leave if someone came in and wanted to eat because we were taking up 4 two tops. The waitress then hastily took the menus, silverware, and condiments. 0/10 would recommend.I love Local 44!  It's a reliable neighborhood bar with an incredible selection of beers.  Last time I was there I had The Great Pumpkin....it was delicious!
The food has been hit or miss.  I will never forget the Irish Cheesesteak I had...it was PERFECTION!   But the French Toast for brunch didn't do it for me, and the last time I had dinner I asked for the Local 44 Cheesebuger with no pickles...which apparently translates to getting a sad burger with hardly any cheese and no condiments.  Astonishing.  
Still, Local 44 is very cozy and holds a sentimental place in my heart because that's where my boyfriend and I had our first date  :).  It's a nice place to relax with a beer and watch a game.I have to say that my favorite thing about Local 44 is what it isn't:  It *isn't* any of the crappy dives that preceded it in that location for many years:  My fellow 80s-era Penn alums will all remember the almost-deliberately-shitty Murphy's, and I for one was not a bit upset to see it go.
But Local 44 deserves praise on its own merits, for sure.  They made the space inviting and comfortable, and have a very good beer selection and some really good items on the menu (the tacos are especially good and authentic), although I think the menu could do with some "augmentation".
While the beer selection is definitely quite good and under a nice rotation, they really need to consider better placement for the chalk-board that carries that day's selections.  They don't do a printed list here each day (props to Devil's Den and others for doing that) so one is forced to order from the board, which is entirely invisible to about 3/4ths of the people in the place.  What's wit dat?
Parking in this neighborhood is always a challenge... a problem not particular to them but be forewarned.I was really pumped to visit Local 44 after hearing all these great things about the vegan spinach croquettes and some tofu tacos. I checked out their website, but alas, no menu!
Oh well. Sometimes you gotta LIVE ON THE EDGE (except that I read all the reviews on Yelp, so there's really nothing edgy about it BUT I SWEAR I live dangerously). So the boyf and I went for dinner at the end of this past June. 
We sat down, looked over the menus, but alas. No spinach croquettes or tofu tacos. SAD FACE. But happy face was around the corner in the form of chipotle hummus and a ginger and broccoli risotto. The waitress we had was super helpful and she found out which of the vegetarian marked entrees were in fact vegan friendly.
I loved my meal! But then I heard about another menu change.... I know people on here complain about that. I don't blame you. I WANT TO TRY THESE CROQUETTES. I REALLY LIKED THAT HUMMUS.
So I went last night to try the new menu (http://citypaper.net/blogs/mealticket/files/2010/08/Local44menu.jpg). BTW, they designate what is vegetarian AND vegan. Plus 100 points.
Zuccini fritters were freaking awesome. It's this wonderfully perfectly cooked fresh zucchini in this perfect breading. The queso dip was good, but the nutritional yeast based dip won't fool cheese lovers. Local 44 would be my new mecca if they added some cashew cream into it. But it's still really good and earthy and I liked it.
But the real winner is the new vegan reuben. To be fair, I never had a real reuben, even in the pre-vegan days. I also typically hate hate HATE ABSOLUTELY LOATHE CONDIMENTS OF ANY TYPE. But I've been making strides and I'm proud of myself for it and you only live once so I ordered the reuben, kraut and all.
Sisters and broskis, this is in my top three sandwiches I've ever had in Philadelphia. Also, dip the fries you get with the sandwich in your left over queso dip.
Also, our waiter last night was super nice and helpful. I told him "That sandwich was incredible and please please please never stop serving it" so DON'T WORRY GUYS. I let Local 44 know what's up.
They'll be adding a brunch menu next month, so I'm pumped.
My only gripes: Post a menu on the website!!! And keep a couple of fan favourites to stay, at the very least as a rotating weekly special or something.When we are stuck and trying to decide upon where to venture out to, we talk in circles, but always end up saying "let's just go to the local 44." I always know it's going to be a good time.  It's conveniently located in Spruce Hill/University City, and is always buzzing with a lively crowd.  I love their vast selection of beer.  Reasonable prices on booze and food.  Although, food service tends to be a bit slow (probably because it's always packed!) And, they have quizzo on Sundays...which I am always a fan of.Came here for brunch on a Sunday morning when I was starving and Rx had waaay to long a line.
I love the fact that this place is very vegetarian and vegan friendly. The portions are pretty good, and the food not overly greasy.
Heard great things about the beers on tap but haven't been out there to try 'em myself.I love Local 44. At one point in my life I was there so much I wished they had stock I could have invested in. The staff has been pretty consistent these past few years and each and every one of them could tell you exactly what beer to drink depending on what you're feeling. All the bartenders are really cool and easy to talk to, and if you go enough they always say what's up when you walk in. The ambiance is real laid back and cool and there are usually some good tunes on off one of the bartenders iPods. As for the food, the burgers are definitely the best bang for your buck. The appetizers are all good but the portions aren't that large, except for the fries which are massive. If you are in West Philly, I would say Local is a worthy stop.Excellent beer. Great service. Awesome food. Make sure you ask beforehand what size your beer comes in. I've gotten surprised with a less than pint-sized glass, some even for not high-ABV beers.