My initial thoughts of a seemingly lonely Friday night sans plans were brightened by an invite to Lolita.  I had heard good things about this Mexican BYO(T) and always wanted to check it out, so I brought the tequila and my friend brought the gift certificate.
My friend was told they don't do reservations on a Fri night so I was a little worried about getting a table at 8 pm, but luckily I only had to wait about 5 min. As I looked around the busy restaurant at the other tables, I felt like a cheap asshole since there were bottles of Patron on almost every table, but hey, times are tough, and the truth is I've never felt justified in spending 50 bucks on a bottle of liquor. Anyways, our friendly server promptly turned our bottle of Cuervo 1800 into a pitcher of margaritas-- not the best I've ever had, but still pretty good. 
I had a difficult time deciding what to order because I am an avid lover of Latin food in general and every item on the menu sounded extremely appealing. But I had been craving steak, so I went with the carne asada; My friend went with the vaca which was the braised shortrib dish and for an appetizer we got the chips and guac. The guac was good, though again not the best I've had, but I did appreciate the textural variation that the jicama added. However, our entrees were OUTSTANDING. I was very impressed. Everything about my dish was delicious and full of flavor. My steak was perfectly cooked also.  My friend's shortrib was equally as flavorful. I wanted him to try my dish so badly but due to his allergy to bananas, that yummy, creamy plantain sauce could have turned into an ER visit.
Overall service was great- our server was very friendly and attentive, prices to portion sizes were reasonable, atmosphere with exposed brick walls and closely spaced tables was mediocre, and food was excellent. I can't wait to come back and try more things on the menu.I had heard great things about this place so my husband and I decided to try it out on a Saturday nigtht.  The chips salsa and guacamole were great... although my husband did say he likes my guac better :)  The entrees were well made and VERY tasty!  Not your standard mexican fare... but true to the traditional flavors... can't wait to go again!Mmmmm, Lolita.  Light of my life, fire of my loins...
Okay, maybe that was an exaggeration, but I firmly believe the first paragraph of Lolita is one of the most magical things ever written and just wanted to share that.  Anyway, on with the review!
I went to Lolita for the second time last weekend with my boyfriend to meet his parents.  This is the sort of event that normally sends me into a nervous fit, but I kept my cool most of the day because I was so freaking excited to eat here!  Whether you want to call it Mexican or neo Mexican or Mexican influenced American, I don't care.  The food is seriously yummy.  We split some guacamole and fundido for an appetizer.  I would have eaten the guac with a spoon, but I was trying to make a good impression.  They all loved the fundido.  We also got a pitcher of blood orange margarita.  Boyfriend had the waitress bring me a glass with sugar and poured me some before adding tequila.  He said it would go really well with my meal.  At first I though a virgin margarita was kind of silly, but he was right.  Delicious.  It was such a good compliment to the spiciness of my salmon.  Everybody loved their meals.  The bittersweet chocolate pecan bread pudding I had for dessert was astoundingly good.  The flourless chocolate cake Boyfriend got was irrationally dry (seriously, there's no flour, how is it dry?). 
I would eat hear all the time if I could afford it, but I can't afford it.  At all.  Minus a star for price, Lolita.  My sin, my soul...BYOT, ftw. 
A friend's parent took us all out for dinner to Lolita, and we had an absolute blast. The margaritas weren't too strong when they made them for us, but we just added some more tequila after the pitcher was brought back to our table!
It's this tiny restaurant, where you sit, enjoy the food, and enjoy the company that you are with. Size doesn't seem an issue when the smells, atmosphere, and food offered at Lolita are at your leisure. My dish was so well-flavored, I couldn't stop eating it the whole time that we were there. I can safely say that the whole group had a great time; highly recommended for a fun and delicious night on the town.Wonderful from start to finish! This was my only dinner in Philly but it was handpicked by a very special someone so I know it must be good compared to a lot of other restaurants in the area.
We had the pera margaritas - delish, but hard to distinguish all the flavors.
To start, we had the traditional guac and 4-hour pork carnitas. The guac was solid, the carnitas were amazing. 
He had the carne asada, I had the tamarind short ribs. The carne asada was more like a thick steak than your traditional thinly sliced carne asada. The sauce was bright in both color and flavor, and the presentation was beautiful.
The short ribs were fantastic. So tender. You could literally just pull it apart with a fork. And again, beautiful presentation.
We didn't have room for dessert so I can't speak to that.
Service was great - no complaints there.
The only awful thing is that it's cash only - which makes no sense to me given their prices - but I'm sure they have their reasons.Food was pretty good and service was excellent.  Was very loud inside but we had an outdoor table which was much quieter and better for people watching. 
Had the blood orange margarita which was just OK. Too sweet for our taste. Maybe should have stuck with the traditional limeVery tender Carne Asada!  Well executed!  All the ingredients blended well without overpowering the flavor of the excellent tenderloin.
On a trip by myself so I didn't bring any tequila, but all the margarita mixes look great.
BYO and CASH only!oh, lolita... i just visited you for the first time on friday nite, and, much like the nabokov nymphet for which you are presumably named, i find myself smitten and longing to see you again. soon....i hope!
the guac? delish. the BYOT factor? love it. but what really sparked my love affair was how wonderfully vegetarian friendly lolita is. a glance at the menu will have anyone exclaiming "say what?!" but it's the little asterik @ the bottom declaring that 4 dishes can be made with a substitution of pan seared three chile tofu or grilled portobella. i opted for the tofu (duh) prepared a la duck - so it was served atop sweet & warm plantains in a sour cherry salsita (chock full of dried cherries) with a garnish of jicama orange slaw. "yum" would be an understatement. 
the thing is, it's not just about how tasty my particular entree was, it is the fact that i actually have more than 1 veg meal option combined with the fact that it's not just taking out the meat from a dish and charging me the same price or offering some mediocre pasta/risotto/beans+rice option. dining at lolita, i can actually order a protein-laden dish straight off the menu, with the same sauces and sides as my meat-eating companions!! you have no idea how appreciative i am of this....or if you are a veg, perhaps you do?
thank you, lolita. MWAH!This place was great! And EVERYTHING on the menu is gluten free! 
The boyfriend and I were walking around the city after a Phillies game looking for some late night food and drinks and happened to come across Lolita.  We were seated outside on the sidewalk, it was a little weird to be sitting about a foot away from someones car parked on the street but it didn't affect the experience.  
We ordered the Tradicional guacamole and salsa and the Carnitas y Panzo tacos, both of which were amazing! Rounded out the meal with 2 great margaritas, house and blood orange. 
We will definitely be returning!THE most amazing food! The service was great, the atmosphere was a romantics dream.  I sort of liked the BYOT, makes the whole event a little more personal. Cant wait to return... Ohh and the Mahi Mahi is Unbelievable!!Mmmm. I still dream about the meal I had at Lolita a few months ago. Enchiladas with shrimp and a delicious green sauce - the mixture of flavors was amazing. Being from DC, I was not aware of the BYOB trend that seems to have swept Philly, but the mixers here are first rate. Our table shared the traditional margarita and the blood orange and both were excellent. Our starter guac was also very tasty. Be warned though that this is a very small place, and incredibly popular, so the best thing to do is go an hour or so ahead of the time you want to eat, put your name on the last and go grab a drink somewhere. They will call your cell phone when your table is ready. It's worth having a drink or two because the place is so loud and crowded, having a nice little buzz going helps you concentrate on how good the food is.Just went to Lolita during restaurant week where only priced fixe menu was available.  I was  excited about the food but hesitant over service due to reading previous yelp reviews.  I'm a "foodie", from Chicago here in Philly on business, and dined with a table of 7.  The food was amazing and our server was VERY friendly and accommodating.  I had the gorditas to start, goat cheese and chile stuffed chicken and THE best tiramisu (that's right tiramisu at a "latino"restaurant ...don't judge, it was the lightest fluffiest tiramisu I've ever eaten.  I don't even typically like tiramisu!!).  Point being, you have to dine here bc it's delicious and reasonably priced since its BYOB.  yum!I've been wanting to go to Lolita ever since it opened yet somehow failed miserably at this seemingly simple mission. So when I arrived there last night to chow down for a good cause (Dining Out For Life), I was ready to make up for lost time. Lolita offered a fixed price, three-course menu for DOFL and I'm not sure if all the items we ate are on the regular menu. However, they were all delicious enough that I'm sure anything that comes out of that kitchen is worth trying. It was definitely among the more inventive Mexican cuisine I've tried: braised short ribs (which was actually more like pulled pork on tortilla chips with artfully sprinkled accoutrements), a tamarind-barbeque-glazed pork chop that was to die for, and tres leches cake with bittersweet chocolate pots de creme and toasted walnuts. The chunky salsa that came before the meal was seductively smoky but the accompanying guacamole was a bit watery. Of course, I've only recently started venturing into the land of avocado, so who am I to judge? And anyway, the real reason I was there (other than DOFL, of course) was the margaritas, which are legendary among my circle of friends. With the addition of our standard Cuervo Gold, the traditional lime and fresh blood orange-mint mixes came alive, and I couldn't stop sucking them down. This could be dangerous.Food was adequate.  Staff was unpleasant, slow and uninterested in providing service.  Not worth the money.
Also, cash only and BYOB.I loved this restaurant. I wouldn't necessarily call it a Mexican restaurant, as the food is mostly Mexican-American, but it's great either way. The Blood Orange Mint Margaritas were truly incredible, and went great with my Don Julio tequila. 
Unfortunately it's cash only, but that's still expected from most Philly BYOB's.We have eaten at Lolita several times over the years - although I feel like we ALWAYS forget they are cash only and BYOB! The inside can be a little cramped (I am always afraid I am going to run into a server with a tray of food), but the service is wonderful and the food is very good. The margarita pitchers are the way to go with a group of people. My favorite is always the Traditional. It can be very dangerous mixing your own tequila in... I love the guacamole as a starter - the plaintain chips are really good. Not as much of a fan of the queso. The shrimp enchiladas are delicious - love the cumin rice and the shiitake mushrooms. 
The real star is definitely the carne asada a la lolita. I am not kidding when I say my husband was completely silent while cleaning his plate!Definitely more New American with a Mexican flavour than actually Mexican. From the prix fixe menu: i had the tostaditas - they are basically smoked salmon with chips and some greenery. Not bad, but nothing particularly special. The enchiladas verdes was the highlight of the menu - the shrimp were perfectly cooked, the sauce was perfectly cheesy and green (but maybe a bit over salted). The desserts sounded better than they looked and had way too many nuts in all of them. It was actually a good meal, with some nice flavours and I would eat there again, but it doesn't fulfill my craving for a really excellent meal with strong flavours or interesting flavour combinations - especially considering the cost.I've been to Lolita two times and I still dream about it.  Definitely love the BYOT, we ordered the original marg and it was delicious: lots of fresh lime juice, not too much sugar, but still sweet. The carne asada and the shrimp enchiladas verde were both fantastic. The carne asada comes with a smoky cream sauce and it's the most tender steak you'll ever taste. I've also gotten the salmon, which came with delicious artichokes and a pickled beet and cilantro garnish. Food is definitely heavy, but fantastic.Have you read about this yet? BYOT...Bring Your Own Tequila. Yeah...
I know that's not original (see: every Lolita review), but the restaurant and BYOT? Definitely an original...
Living in Chicago, I'm spoiled by amazing Mexican/Latino/South American food (if you don't know why, check out our recent census...we're blessed with a robust population of those from South of the Border), but I was steered correctly to Lolita by Philadelphians in the know! An amazing dining experience...
Truthiness:
- The guacamole is amazing (but as good (Chicagoans) as the made-to-order cart at Adobo Grill next to Second CIty)
- The Margarita mixes are out of this world (esp the mango basil...mmm mmm good!)
- The "Beef tips" -- not on the menu -- ask for them by name...you won't be sorry!!!!!
- The Tiramisu (????) -- yeah, I know...at a Mexican joint...the tiramisu, with fluffy whipped cream and hazelnuts, is the best I've ever had. period.
Go on a week night at around 6-7 before it gets busy!!!I love love love tis place..its such a good place to bring out-of-towners to to really show off our city! Also a great place to start the evening off with..BYO tequila and so amazing..no reservation policy pretty much guarantees that ull have to wait for a table but just go over to el vez for a drink at their bar and lolita will call u when ur table is ready...The blood orange marg mix is deff the best..get it! the guacamole is awsome..we always start with it..but its not a huge portion so i wouldnt try to feed more than 2 or 3 ppl with it. I always get the porkchop and its ALWAYS amazing..the boy has gotten the duck..good but tiny..salmon is delish! and last time he got the shortrib and it was so good! service is decent but if they r really busy you cant just stay and drink when the meal is over...u can finish ur pitcher but they wont give you another one if ur done eating.
tip; always refresh the pitcher with tequilla as the waitstaff never puts enough!
ENJOY!It's really a shame this place is so tiny. Came here around 8 on a saturday armed with tequila and high hopes, since they don't take reservations on friday or saturday. We were disappointed to hear that they were no longer seating inside for groups of 6, so our only option was outside, and it was a pretty chilly night. We were already there, so we went for it.  We decided chugging tequila would be the best method of keeping warm, so we started off with a pitcher of guava margaritas (we actually ordered blood orange, but the mix-up turned out to be delicious). The mixes are AMAZING. So fresh and you could not taste the tequila at all, and we added a lot.
We ordered guacamole to split between 4 people, and it was enough as a small appetizer. It was good, but not really any better than other guac i've had and probably not as good as el vez. $9 is also a little steep for guac in my mind. We all ordered various entrees, and I had the hazelnut crusted duck breast. It was really good, and tender, and I probably would have enjoyed it a lot more if I wasn't focusing on how utterly cold it was outside. Others got the salmon, carne asada, enchiladas, and pork. Everyone loved their dish except the girl who got the pork for some reason. We decided to wrap up the meal with another pitcher, this time blood orange. It tasted similar to the guava, but more tart. 
Our bill came out to $211 for 6 entrees, 2 pitchers, and guacamole, so Lolita is pretty pricey. The server also automatically added 20% gratuity, which kind of bothered me since it's usually 18% and he really wasn't the best server. I wish I could come back here on a warm day to sit outside and drink endless BYOT pitchers of margaritas, but Lolita put a $18 food minimum in place to prevent this wonderful idea from happening. So, glad i tried it but I probably won't be going back, simply because I can't afford it.I should have known that "Midtown Row" would be crazy busy during Cinco de Mayo. Waves of people going to and fro, the noise level and all. My friend and I didn't get a table inside Lolita, so we sat outside on a relatively brisk early evening for trendy Mexican food. 
I hate sitting outside for many reasons, traffic, noise and pollutant from cars, good thing the street was blocked. But then the unpredictable weather elements is also an issue. (Yes, I'm a delicate flower, what can I tell ya?) Not only that, on a busy day like this day, if you're not sitting right next to the waitress your service will be a bit lacking. Good thing they distracted me with good food. 
We ordered the 4-hour carnitas which comes with some guac and warm tortillas and pineapple and cubed jicama. It's really tasty, the carnitas comes out sweet, I wish the pineapple is chunkier and riper but it's fun to make your own taco rolls. Not knowing about the guac in the carnitas (nobody told us), we also ordered a separate order of guac that comes with plantain, taro and regular chips. I love the fried plantain chips and the variety. Although for 2 of us big guys, 1 appetizer should be more than sufficient.
The entrees here are on the pricier side. I ordered the Carne Asada and my friend had the Chicken with pickled jicama and black beans. My Carne Asada came with one of those big plantain chips that I just had with the guacamole. The medium beef spiked with cumin was really tasty and perfectly cooked. I especially like the fried yucca for that steak-and-potato effect. The yucca absorb both the juice form the steak and the plantain crema and still remains a bit crispy. The chicken dish was good but forgettable. 
There were definitely multiple repetitions of elements in our meal but it was a pretty good meal, better if I known to bring my own tequila. Even when they are busy, the food still came out at a very nice pace. There was a homeless guy asking for change and he smelled, patrons who are waiting for tables yelling at ea-splitting levels, we also waited quite a long time for the server to get us our check but all in all, I liked it and will definitely go back if I can find a table inside.this place would get 5 stars if it accepted credit/debit cards.  what kind of establishment only takes cash??  lolita.
the food was excellent, as was the service.  and while we still didn't have a cheap meal, the fact that we were able to bring our own tequilla saved us a lot of $$$.
and i loved that you could sub tofu or portobellos for select meaty dishes.
i will definitely return!!Don't go here! It's too good and I don't want to have to start waiting for an hour to be seated. Please stay away and let my friends enjoy great food and service. BYOT premade margarita mixers are great!Dear Lolita, 
I love you. Now change up your menu - it's been years! Come on girl, it's time to put a new dress on that nice ass of yours.My favorite place to date! I love the appetizers, the entrees, the desserts, the margaritas (BYOT)!! The service is excellent!  The restaurant is located in a great part of the city!
Lolita is a great representation of what people are talking about when they say "Philadelphia has great restaurants!" - MUST GO HERE!
Warning: Lolita does not take reservations. I would say its a good place for no more than four, so you arent waiting a long time. its a small, popular place, so if you're with a group you might want to call ahead to see if they can accomendate you.  Any wait is worth it! you wont be disappointed.I ate at Lolita for the third time last night, and it was delicioso!  We ordered the traditional margaritas, and doctored them up to our liking.  Once we found a good booze-to-mix ratio, they were good.  We had the queso fundido, the braised short-rib with some spectacular smoked bacon-chayote-potato gratin and swiss chard.  We also got the coconut three milks cake - heaven.  
The reason I didn't give this place 5 stars was because of the two other times I've eaten here.  Two words: Meh, and 'tude.  The food has, in the past, been chewy and/or bland.  And the service has *always*-even last night- had a slight attitude problem.  So if this place could lose the subtle pretension and deliver food that is consistently great, five stars!  Until then, four stars...Both of us have been here before and had good experiences, so tonight was a (bad) surprise. The margaritas and appetizers were fine. 
We ordered the beef tenderloin - medium, and salmon. Both came very undercooked and were sent back. The beef came back still undercooked, and it was the same piece of meat that was cut into. Salmon was adequate.
We asked for the manager, who was also the hostess, and explained the situation. She told us, in an unpleasant tone, that medium meant red inside, and that the way it is cooked depended on how thick the cut of meat was (I guess if we saw the cut of meat before hand, we could have made a better decision?), and that next time, we should order it medium well if we want it pink. 
10 minutes later, she came back, and said "So, are we on the same page? Or do you want something else?" We just asked for the check at that point, as it was already a bad experience. They didn't take anything off the check or apologize for the bad experience. We definitely would not come back.I loved this place.  So cute and the food was delicious.  It is BYOB and cash only.  My server was friendly and I never felt rushed.  The guac was really good but the best thing I ate was the tiramisu. so so good.  Next time I am in town, plan to return.i just love the shrimp enchiladas.  Great place to chil  with friends.Just went here for the second time, during Center CIty Restaurant Week - for the second time as well. While I have never had the normal menu, the 4 hour pork carnitas are amazing! I've had the traditional and blood-orange margaritas, and I have to say the BYOT margs are pretty awesome - but the traditional is always better.
Also, the puerco a la parilla is excellent. 
However, BEWARE if you have a food allergy. Both times I've been here, they tried to serve my boyfriend apples, which he is allergic to. Luckily, once I pointed out the apples they accommodated the allergy - but it was pretty scary how close we came to an ER trip...They don't take reservations, which is a little annoying.  We went there with 10 people, so as you can imagine, it got a bit hectic in the beginning.  Fortunately, we were there early enough (6pm) to get a table that fit everybody.
The food was absolutely delicious and the tequila did not stop flowing!  We tried the orange flavored mix, which I hear is the best one and I don't doubt it cuz it was delic.  I don't remember what we got off the menu, but everything was delicious and if I remember correctly, we got pretty much everything.  It is a little pricey, but the servings are huge!  We didn't have room for dessert.  Will definitely go back (but with a smaller group next time).Went here for a bachelorette party of seven girls.  We arrived around 6:30 on a Saturday and got seated immediately, so I can't complain about the wait.
I was excited to try the blood orange margaritas, based on all of the reviews.  Our server recommended that we needed two pitchers so all seven of us could try some.  Unfortunately, we did not think the blood orange margarita mix was good, at all.  It tasted like weak limeade, hardly any orange flavor at all.  On top of that, the first pitcher was definitely enough for all seven of us, so here we were stuck with a full pitcher of margarita that we didn't want or need.  We would have tried another flavor if we hadn't been told we needed two of the blood orange pitchers.  Frustrating to say the least.  I've been to a few other BYOB margarita places where the mix is delicious and we get through an entire bottle of tequilla, here, we only used half a bottle.
Additionally, our server was not friendly at all.  She wasn't mean, just very short and not attentive.  We would seriously go 30 minutes without seeing her.  Not a huge fan of service like that.
BUT, the reason this place gets 4 stars, is the food.  We had the guacamole and chips to start, very good.  The chips were corn, plantain, and then probably yucca or taro, a nice mix.  The guacamole was delicious.  We also started with the pork carnitas, the flavor and slow-roasted taste of pork was outstanding.
For dinner I had the tenderloin over fried yucca.  The entire dish was delicious and I ate every last piece.  The sauce covering it was delicious as well, but I can't remember exactly what it was.
For dessert we had the chocolate flourless cake and the tres leches - both delicious and would order again.
Clearly the food was damn good to override the service and bad margaritas.  I definitely want to take my boyfriend here.strict Mexican this is not...but it is 100% delicious. everything we had was delicious. delicious. delicious. delicious. we started with the guac, very tasty, woulda been better for me if it were just a tad chunkier but that's just personal preference. the chips weren't overly oily and the salsa tasted very fresh. then we shared the goat cheese salad before moving on to the beef tenderloin and pork chop. both were tender and mouthwatering. the 3 of us left completely satisified and i'm even thinking about making a trip down here for my bday dinner since it's byob.  oh and did i say it was delicious?Food what deliciousness but the service was a little lacking.  I would go back if service was faster. Waiting for the dessert....maybe the tiramisu will help.Amazingly tasty and different. Fun atmosphere! Wish they'd get a credit card machine, easy to blow a hundred bucks for two people!  Great guac, great carna asada, great atmosphere.  Needs a better dessert menu..Mmm, blood orange drinks, birthdays, and vegetarian substitutions. I have found my Mexican love (te amo)!
Been here twice and both were enjoyable and tasty; got the enchiladas with pan-seared tofu instead of the shrimp. Also got the mango chipotle chips and this is the real deal. Everything tastes fresh and clean -- the green sauce with the enchiladas is just sublime. Thinking about it makes me hungry.
Definitely my favorite BYO in town.Went for Restaurant Week. Great service. Very accommodating. I didn't have a reservation and they found us a spot. Delicious food. BYOT is genius!! Fantastic margaritas. Great value. My only complaint is they don't take reservations online.Fresh and vibrant spin on old classics. Their dishes take authentic Mexican food and give it some subtle twists. The result is amazing food. The barbacoa is authentic and yet so much better than my abuelita's :) My only disappointment is the lack of beans and rice. All Mexican dishes need a side of refried beans and rice- without it, it simply isn't Mexican. I don't know if Lolita offers sides of beans and rice, but next time I go I will be asking for some on the side!My friends and I have been to Lolita before and had a decent experience. We headed here a couple weeks ago on a Saturday. We called ahead and were told that they couldn't accept any reservations on Saturdays and they can't seat parties larger than 6. OK - I've never heard of either of those rules before, but whatever. We already bought a bottle of tequila so we were committed to going there. So we arrived around 9 and were told it would be a 45 minute wait. That's fine. We went to another bar and they told us they'd call our cell when the table was ready. So we waited 60 minutes and headed back over there. Not one table had left since we put our name in and the hostess told us it would be another few minutes for people to finish up. So we continued to wait because there were several large tables (it should be noted there were 2 parties larger than 6 at the restaurant this evening) finishing their pitchers. We stood outside in the cold another 35-45 minutes. At this point, my friend asked the hostess if anything could be done. She responded "I never ask people to leave bc they'd hate me". So my friend opted to ask a party if they were wrapping up soon. The lady at the table responded rudely, so my friend responded in kind. A war of words ensued between the hostess, my friend, and the seated party. I fully realize we should have left an hour prior to this. We didn't. We stayed and the meal was fine. Just fine. Nothing special.  
The problem I have w/ Lolita is that they are a poorly-run business. What restaurant on the planet has people walk in off the street with magnum bottles of tequila and doesn't mind if they sit there and don't order anything for HOURS? No reservations at a restaurant is like having a wedding w no seating chart. It's 1% easier for the house and 99% more difficult for everyone involved. In my estimation, for a Saturday evening, they had about 1-1.5 services. I don't know how they stay open.If I were a restaurant, I would definitely be a BYOT. This place is awesome. Went here on a Friday night with a group of 4 at about 715 and were seated within a half hour. We proceeded to stay for over three hours and were not rushed at any point. 
Since we opted for a handle of Cuervo, we were able to sample all three flavors of margaritas (guava, classic, and blood orange). My personal favorite was the blood orange but all were fresh and delicious. Even with heavy handed pours, we could barely taste the tequila which was good but trouble.
The food was some of the better Mexican I have had. As others have mentioned the free chips and two kinds of salsa are a nice start and we complemented it with the Queso. The chorizo was smoky and delicious although there was not much of a kick like I had hoped. The cheeses were perfectly melted and went even better with the chips than the provided tortillas. I also had the lamb as an entree which was well cooked but not as flavorful as I had hoped and once again had no kick. The cojita cornbread was the highlight of the dish and worked well with the rest of the plate.
Great place, $200 with tip for the 4 of us isn't bad considering how much time we spent there. Lolitas is also convenient to Mcgillans around the corner to keep the party going, for better or for worse.We hit up Lolita during Restaurant Week and sat out side with along with our good friend Azul Tequilla.  
I have to say, this was an impressive meal.  I suppose mostly impressive because I don't hear that many people talking about the place.  Why the heck aren't you people talking about this place?!  
When going to a new restaurant, I usually half-heartedly ask the server what they recommend.  To my surprise, our super awesome waitress did a great job making some suggestions.  The food was very fresh and very well prepared.  The flavor combinations and textures were spot on.  You could see and taste the creativity their chef possesses.  
Yeah, it's been a couple weeks and I'm ready to go back for a full on meal here.  Score one for Restaurant Week and Lolita!
I wouldn't recommend sitting outside though.  There's a bunch of foot traffic on the sidewalk and if the restaurant has a wait you'll be crowded by the people waiting to get in.My family and I went to Lolita for the first time last week and really enjoyed our entire experience.  I have lurked yelp for quite a while now, and have used it plenty of times in order to find new places to dine or getting the inside scoop on different restaurants in the city.  My friend recommended Lolita and of course, I looked it up on yelp.
Wow.  What a slew of terrible one star rating reviews, and I am sure that the one star is because you have to choose at least one.  To say I became extremely apprehensive is an understatement, but since it seemed that all the bad reviews were from one party's experience, I decided to go ahead and give it a try.
My husband, daughter, and son in law went on saturday and due to Lolita not taking reservations on the weekends, had to wait a bit.  No problem, it was a nice night for the month of october and enjoyed walking around to pass the time.  The host was not rude nor incompetent.  If anything, he was very competent in my opinion.  He was handling a ton of customers who were all crowding the entrance and blocking the waitresses from getting in and out.  Imagine having to deal with all these people who are hungry and annoyed at having to wait longer than they wanted.  Come on people, its a friday night at a trendy center city restaurant.  Get over yourself, and give the guy a break.  Considering the difficulty of this job, I thought the host was pleasant and efficient.  
The reason I'm giving four starts is because of how tightly packed everyone is in this restaurant.  We were seated in between other tables with barely any room to get in and out to use the restroom.  Our waitress Becky was great.  She immediately greeted us with a big smile and friendly demeanor.  I hate going to "fine dining" restaurants where the waiters and waitresses are stuffy and stiff.  It makes me feel uncomfortable, and it was nice to have fun with our waitress.
The blood orange margarita mix is fresh tasting and all the food was excellent.  I love restaurants with open kitchens.  Our waitress checked back with us to see if we were enjoying each course and squeezed through to our table to keep our margarita glasses full.  My husband was pleased that she checked right after another waiter brought our food to the table to make sure his carne asada was cooked to how he requested.
I know this review is like a novel, but I wanted to clear Lolita's name after reading all the terrible reviews.  Reading them made me not want to try it, and I am so happy I did.  Do not let the bad reviews influence your decision to go to Lolita, try it and then decide.  The host is not a condescending nasty person and the waitresses are not money hungry nor inattentive.
We will absolutely be back again.So I'm new to Yelp and haven't been to Lolita in about a year... but it was FABULOUS. The food is gourmet mexican... it's tiny but they do take reservations - which is awesome. The marg mixes are heavenly - just bring a bottle of good tequila. The chorizio/cheese appetizer is BANGING! The prices are steep and I'm not giving it 5 stars bc they tell you at the beginning of the meal that "there is an 18$ minimum per person" rule... which is odd.. I mean duh! We are here to eat and spend money!Food: 4 stars
Ambiance: 3.5 stars
Price: 3.5 stars (Margarita Mixers are ridiculously overpriced)
Service: 4 stars
Location: 4 stars
Recommendations:  Lolita is more Mexican-Inspired than a Mexican food tribute restaurant.  They definitely pull from classic Mexican food dishes but the flavors don't jump out and scream authentic Mexican cuisine.  Nevertheless, the Carne Asada, Short Ribs, and Guacamole are well prepared and delicious.
This is a BYOT (Tequila).  The mixers are way over-priced.  My recommendation to you is not to let the waiter/waitress pour your tequila directly into the mixer.  Unless you have a big bottle of tequila, the Margaritas become too sweet and diluted.  I would recommend pouring the tequila in your own glass and adding the appropriate amount of mixer as you desire.  Definitely will get you drunk faster without having to drink a ton of heavy, sweet mixer.
Overall, another successful restaurant for Marcie Turney and Valerie Safran.
Overall: 4 starsWent with my cuz for restaurant week. We had a 6pm reservation but arrived at 5:40p. They accommodates us immediately and were friendly. I was surprised to see how empty is was at that time. We were seated next to the window; it was a pretty intimate seating arrangement. The waiter was friendly. We brought some Tequila (it's BYOT) and he offered us 3 different mixers for it. We went with the pear mix, which came out in a large pitcher. He was kind enough to mix the tequila for us and left the pitcher at our table to refill as needed. I loved the food (I love Mexican food). We tried each other's food and we both liked everything. Suffice to say, again, the food was really good, but I will just give a quick rundown of what we had:
Appetizers- Gorditas Con Carnitas and Tostaditas De Salmon Ahumado.
Entrees- Chuleta De Puerco Adobado and Pechuga De Pollo Con Recado Colorado
Dessert- Mexican Pot De Creme and Goat Cheese Cheesecake
Neither of us made it through our desserts as we were too full! I would definitely recommend this to people that love good food, love Mexican food,  and/or enjoy a BYOB spot to relax, eat and drink. 
It did eventually get somewhat packed by the time we left around 7:00. 
Again, it was restaurant week, but the bill only came to $90. $70 for the restaurant week specials, which included the apps, entrees and desserts. Then, we figured the mixer was maybe $10-$11 and the tax was $9-$10. 
I would definitely come back here on a non-restaurant week trip to try some of their other offerings.I came here for Taco Tuesday for $20:
I got the pork platter (it was a choice of 4 various plates, my friend got the salmon version and we shared) including rice, taco skins, and sauces!
I really enjoyed it and would come again.The food at lolita is good, but good food should be the norm at a restaurant especially when you are paying around $25+ per entree. There are other things about this restaurant that makes me not want to return:  
We arrived at the restaurant around 6pm when it was completely empty, except for 1 table. The servers and hostess clearly saw that we had entered the restaurant, but took all the time in the world to greet us. When we told them that we were a party of four and waiting for 2 more guests, the hostess told us that it was their "policy" they could not sit us until all members of the party arrived. So my husband and I stood amongst the empty tables, annoyed with the hostess's attitude. 
When we were finally seated and read the menu, we noticed that the restaurant also had a "policy" of $18 food minimum per guest. On top of everything else, this restaurant is cash only.  Considering that each entree was $20+, this policy was obviously not that difficult to meet. But what if a customer was not in the mood to order an entree and just wanted an appetizer? 
A good restaurant should not place restrictions on how a customer should spend their money.I hadn't been to Lolita in years so naturally it felt right to revisit on National Margarita day. 
There were three of us and we got there at the perfect time to get seated right away. Sometimes, I've waited a long time since they don't take reservations on the weekend. We then immediately got into their Margarita pitchers. I was thrilled to see the blood orange still on the menu so we tried that and a pear margarita. Both were great mixed with our bottle of tequilla. I just love the BYOT concept. 
We decided to share a bunch of appetizers which was a perfect way to eat AND make sure we were celebrating the special day. 
From what I can remember, we had the mango chipotle guacamole, the fundido con queso y chorizo, the pulled Turkey tamal and the smoked salmon tostaditas. All of them were delicious. The combination of the sweet mango and smokey chipotle in the guac was great. The tamal had great flavor and the corn masa was nice and moist inside. The fundido needs no explanation...I mean cheese and chorizo baked in a dish? Deliciousness. The salmon was also great but really tough to eat. I had to cut it up which was a bit awkward but the flavors were still very good. 
Lolita is a great place to go with some friends. Its BYOT, the atmosphere is bustling but not too crazy and the food is very good. I won't let my next visit be years later again!I was here a few weeks ago.  I was in search of a cool margarita on a hot night.  My server  (Megan?  she had a tattoo?)  was AMAZING.  She was very attentive and accommodating.  She even laughed at my lame joke about desperately needing patron!
Amazing service, even better food!  I can't wait to go back!Fantastic concept with the BYOT.  FYI, one bottle is usually enough... I once brought in two and got some funny looks from the staff.  We actually cracked into the second one, but the rest is hazy.  (Friendly note to Lolita: buy some shot or scotch glasses!)  Open kitchen and great decor creates a very lively but simultaneously warm atmosphere.  Never too crazy, never too calm -- great for groups or just the two of you -- well balanced all around.  
Don't miss the guac (standard or the special)... and the queso is delicious too.  On entrees, I want desperately to branch out and explore all that the Lolita menu has to offer me, but that infernal carne asada is just too damn good.  It calls to me every time I enter the restaurant, and I keep coming back like an addict.  But, having sampled just about everything else on that menu, I can say assuredly that you really can't go wrong.
Be prepared to wait on weekends, but relax, that just means it'll be good.  If you're there early, check out Open House a few doors down while you wait -- same owners, and they've got some cool stuff for the home.  In another city, Lolita might have to be four stars, but in Philly, where your only other decent mid-range Latin option is a restaurant named after a Mexican Elvis impersonator, Lolita gets the full five.  One of my favorites.Despite what everyone else says about this place, and the high ratings, I am not impressed. Last night was the fourth time I have been here, and same story.
To begin, there is always a long line. Usually 45 minutes to get a table, but the good thing is, you can give them your cell phone number and they'll call you as soon as your table is ready. This not the reason I'm giving them a 2.
The reason I am giving them a 2 is because I do not like the taste of their food. It's not Mexican style food. I love  Mexican, and you will not find the typical menu here. I've had their popular steak with the yellow cream sauce and did not like it. Great steak, just a nasty sauce, and everything is mixed with their nasty sauce (vegetables, mashed potatos). Last night I had the mahi mahi. It had a nasty sauce on it with Sausage. Who eats sausage with fish???
Anyways, the reason people like this place is because it's bring your own tequilla. You BYOT and then pay $15 for some type of punch to mix this with. You can go to any BYOB in phillly and bring Tequilla and bring your own Juice / Mixer so I don't know why this is so special. People probably just don't know.
I guess it's good to try it once to get the experience, but if I can, I will not go back to this place.OH MY!!  I have been to Lolita's many times.  First I can eat guacamole to my hearts content, AND I can bring my own tequila.  Their traditional pitcher is great, but don't miss their seasonal mixers of watermelon basil, or the blood orange.
This is not Mexican, and it's not Tex-mex, this place takes traditional Mexican flavors and puts them with Fillet, lamb, duck and does it with unmatched elegance.  Try the carnitas app, and guac, but be sure to save room for dinner.  Perfect portion size for the fillet with yucca; the smokiness of the sauce is wonderful.  Who would've thought Mexican duck would be so good?  I think it was the pecans with the fruity sauce.  Mole sauce for the pork was yummy.  We order family style a lot to give us the opportunity to try everything, and I've never had anything I haven't loved.  The only bad thing I can say is that sometimes the service can be a bit snotty, and they don't like to compromise.  We often like to order our apps first, drink, then order entrees.  No can do.  We forgive you!  Crowded and noisy but that is only because we are all so excited about the food!  It can be a bit pricey for a BYO, but it is well worth it.It was a really good experience. I've never been to a byot restaurant before! The bloody Mary Margarita was delicious!! The one thing I didn't like is that the restaurant don't take reservations, so its first come first serve. We went on a Friday night, luckily we were seated right away. The carne asada was well made. I want to try the chicken next.My Rating for Lolita has nothing to do with the food, ambiance or price .... just with absolutely terrible customer service. 
My sister and her boyfriend were down from NYC for the holiday weekend and wanted to go out to dinner on Friday night. After checking different options we decided to give Lolita a try because the reviews looked good and the BYO Tequila was intriguing. 
We called and tried to make a reservation figuring if we were heading to the city on a Friday night it was a better idea than going in without one. My wife called and was informed that they didn't take reservations for Friday or Saturday nights but the wait wouldn't be that bad if we came a little later. She asked what time and was told that the wait at 7:30 or 8 would be short. 
So Friday night we head down to the city with plans to meet up at Lolita around a quarter to 8. We park and head over to the restaurant. 
What do we find when we get there, a sign saying the restaurant is closed for a private party. 
That afternoon they told us when to show up even though they weren't open. 
So now we're in the city, 8pm on a Friday night with no reservation, just f-ing great ... 
Hopefully my sister decides to comment on this too ... a nice double barreled Elite smackdown is well deserved for a bush league move like that.This is a nice little spot in Center City Philly serving modern Mexican cuisine.  What was interesting to me was that I didn't see a single Mexican or anyone of Latino persuasion working or eating there.  But the food was damn good.
It's a small intimate place with perhaps 20 or 30 small tables.  This is not your everyday Mexican eatery.  This is upscale fare but doesn't hit the pocket too hard.  That could be because Lolita's is one of many BYOB joints in Philly.  They actually call it BYOT, for "bring your own tequila."  Not surprisingly, there's a spirit store right across the street, which--I'm told--may be affiliated with this and other byob's on this block.  I don't know if that's true, but I wouldn't doubt it.  Pennsylvania's got some pretty quirky liquor laws, so purveyors can get creative.  
So with a fifth of Jose, mixed with Lolita's special joy juice mixer, we had some great margaritas.  This go-round, I had one of the best, and thickest pork chops I've ever had; a dish called Pureco Pureco. It's an espresso-rubbed pork chop served with smoked bacon potatoes (WHAT!) and sautéed spinach.  I told you it is not your everyday Mexican eatery.  This chop was about two and a half inches thick with the bone in and seasoned quite nicely.  The smoked bacon potatoes were as heavenly as they sound.    
There are many other great things on the menu, plus the margaritas.  The downside?: The BYOB is somewhat of an issue for me, AND, this place only accepts cash!This place is great, and I think well priced. Even though its a BYOB, be sure to bring some tequila as they will mix it with their special and make it a drink to remember. Cash only which is why they are missing a star, but great food!Big surprise, another good review for Lolita. It sucks because we're pretty much SET UP to give it a good review. Any place that encourages you to bring your own tequila is asking for at the minimum an automatic 4 stars review because you won't be pissy that you spent $100 alone on drinks. 
I had the carne asada on the suggestion of my server and freak her because I came not especially hungry and scraped the entire dish clean. The sauce was amazing and it was perfectly cooked! I think she was trying to thwart my attempt to get obliterated on tequila. Which I am so thankful for.
I tried the boy's short ribs and had to tell myself that eating four forkfuls is no longer "tasting" somebody's dish. 
And my two other friends liked their dishes too. But I can't comment on them because they also licked their plates clean before I got to "taste" them.
We then shared a dessert-- cheesecake. Big mistake. It was like a race to the end. I don't think I swallowed at all-- I just kept stuffing my face before other people could. So greedy.
Anyway here are the things we all complain about even though we live in Philly and should be used to it: cash only, no reservations on friday and saturday nights, not that many vegetarian options. Ok I said it. But remember, I'm also saying that I loved it.My favorite restaurant in Philly for about 3-4 years running.  The food is very good and the menu is thoughtful and consistent.  My favorite dish is the carne asada which is a must have if you love beef and want something solid/hearty.  The service is great and the price points are reasonable. The ambiance is nice...dark but inviting and filled with diners having fun, drinking, eating, laughing. 
Pro Tip: You can order Budino dessert from next door Barbuzzo while you're at Lolita, BOOM!
Highlights: guac with the salsa, mango sides, carne asada, seafood
Cons: Cash only, hard to get a table on busy nights, desserts are so-soWent here w/ a group of friends, everybody seemed to enjoy themselves.  Steak was delicious, calamari appetizer - not so much.  Classic margarita mix was good, I would say that (w/ byob tequila) the resulting drink was better than a lot of margaritas in the city.  On the other hand, you are paying $10 for lime juice.  Heard a lot of rave reviews about the restaurant before coming here.  Afterward, not sure why it gets so much hype.  But, overall it was a good experience.
Food: 4/5
Drinks: 5/5 (BYOB)
Service: 3.5/5
Decor: 3/5
Bang 4 the $: 3/5
Will come back: YesExcellent food, even better drinks. The margarita mixes are out of this world! I'm completely willing to pay the slightly high prices and get there early for a table--for special occasions. I do, periodically, daydream about the skirt steak I had...mmmm.Excellent food more than offset by the incredibly snotty service. Their studied indifference to customers is amazingReally like the food here, and the mixes for tequila are great.   However, the service has really slipped.  Used to be fun and attentive.  Now it is somewhat condescending, unattentive and erratic.  Hopefully the place will focus on the issue so that I can go back to loving it, but that won't be anytime soon.You Need To Know:  Order the guacamole and chips. You won't be sorry. The chips are fresh and light. The guac is creamy and rich - and comes with jicama. Two other sauces are included. Very fine.
You May Need To Know:  The menu welcomes vegetarian substitution. Ditch the cholesterol and have a couple o' hunks of tofu. You'll be very satisfied.
You'll Be Glad To Know:  Lolita does wonderful things with plaintains. And if you don't use cumin in your everyday cooking, you might after eating at Lolita.
You Don't Need To Know:  My opinion of the margaritas, 'cause I don't drink. But the folks at tables around us were certainly, uh, enjoying them.
Be Prepared:  Lolita was 3/4 full when we were there and the volume level was barely tolerable. I'm from Seattle and maybe we're just overly polite. Or maybe people in Philly just like to scream. But there was screaming going on in Lolita and I think it was in effort to be heard.
What I Know:  I'll go back here again on my next visit, probably later in the evening to avoid the decibel assault.Lolita brings a twist to Philly's BYOB concept by inspiring BYOT (tequila). If you bring your own tequila they'll mix it into their special margarita mixes tableside for you. Obviously this is the perfect way to enjoy mexican food. While the margarita mixes are expenisve they're good and cheaper than pitchers you would pay for at other good Mexican places in Philly. 
The menu is pretty spartan compared to other Mexican places but has enough good stuff for anyone. The main appetizer they sell you on is their guacamole which is very creamy and fresh. I like mine a little more spiced up, but it's good. They serve it to you with two types of a salsa, tortilla chips, plantain chips and sweet potato chips (which there should be way more of). I've also had the tamales for an appetizer which are damn good. Entrees are a wide variety with fish, enchiladas, plenty of red meat choices, and nice spiced duck breast. I've had the enchiladas, pistacchio crusted duck, lamb loin with huatiloche stuffing, and red snapper. All were good though I'd say the duck and lamb were the best. The kitchen excels in the meat department and I would recommend those dishes. Though vegetarians should not despair since they do a tofu substitution for two of the dishes. 
I've never made it out of here trying their desserts since there's a gelato place across the street. It's a fun place for small groups, but be sure to bring cash since they don't accept cc's.The very rich and delicious Guacamole (very generous with the avocado) is a great way to start a meal with friends. I had a wonderful Walu for an entree and a bread pudding for dessert.  Everything was very delicious, and the BYOT to make Margaritas was a fun experience.  I highly recommend getting the blood orange or watermelon flavor when available for the Margaritas.  The restaurant has simple décor but a cozy, warm atmosphere.Wowowie! Finally got a chance to get to Lolita, and boy did I have a GREAT time! First off, I sat outside where conversation quickly sparked up between a couple from London to our left, and Jersey to our right. So, before looking at the menu I felt comfortable.
The menu was great. Tons of fresh takes on Mexican and Spanish classics. Not super hungry, I just ordered ceviche, plus their guacamole for the table which came out first. The guac was out of this world. Arguably the best that I have ever had. I loved the inclusion of fried plantains. 
The salmon and watermelon ceviche was also remarkable. A wonderfully healthy summer dish, that went perfectly on the warm evening. 
On the whole, I cannot find one problem with this meal and restaurant. I definitely will be back soon!I just returned home from an excellent Restaurant Week experience at Lolita! 
Compared to most Restaurant Week meals, the prix fixe menu at Lolita was generously portioned. I actually found myself filling up even before my main course arrived. I had the 4 hour carnitas first. They were excellent-- moist, flavorful, and well paired with guac and pear pieces. The stuffed chicken was deliciously tender and perfectly cooked, though a bit too salty. The black beans and fried plantains added a traditional touch, though I would have enjoyed a more modern twist to the dish. The caramel cheesecakes were delicious and, again, very well-portioned. Each plate came with two large cheesecake 'medallions'. The cake was rich but not over-sweet, partially owing to the chili pepper and oreo crust.
It is definitely worth noting that Lolita is BYOT. We got a pitcher each of pear, traditional (lemon/lime), and blood orange margarita. All were excellent.
The only caveat to dining at Lolita is that they only accept cash. This is somewhat tricky given the slightly higher prices. 
Overall, an enjoyable, very filling meal. Certainly one of my best Restaurant Week experiences.Lolita is one of my favorite spots in Philly that I would take my friends visiting me to go eat and drink. It's one of many shops/restauratns that Marcie Turney and Valerie Safran have opened on 13th street (which, once upon a time, was not so trendy before these ladies and other entrepreneurs came on the scene) that delivers an exceptional experience in Philly.
The good: the food is outstanding (the Carne Asada is so scrumptious that my entire table ordered it once) and the BYO tequila policy allows you to have cheap margaritas with delicious fresh mix (regular margarita and flavored variations, including a delicious blood orange and some hit-or-miss seasonal varieties).
The less desirable: Lolita takes absolutely no reservations on weekends (which sucks if you have people visiting from out of town who cannot make it during the week), it's cash only (but there are ATMs all over the block), it can get very loud inside very easily, and parties of 6 or more order for a fixed-price menu (like it or not!).
I recommend Lolita to anyone in Philly, but have a Plan B restaurant in case you can't bear the wait on a weekend, bring some tequila, and keep your party at a manageable size. The peeves I have about Lolita, and the food is so fantastic that I do not find them to be deal-breakers, but not 5-star worthy (unfortunately!).Love this place, not only because you can bring your own tequila but also because the food is very yummy.  It's definitely not cheap but totally worth it.  The Guacamole Con Totopos Mixtos is a must (it's not mixed tableside like at Rosa Mexicano or Dos Caminos in NY but still delicious) and our entrees were great as well.  I'm not a big margarita fan but this place made me actually like them for a night, and they put a sizeable portion of my Jose Cuervo in there but the drink still tasted great.  AWESOME.  This place definitely stands out.One of the best Mexcian BYOB's in center city!  They have amazing guacamole (even better then El Vez across the street) and have delicious entrees as well (Carne Asada is my favorite).  Definitely a great place to go and in a perfect location, tons of nightlife in that area!  If you haven't been here... it's a must if you love Mexican.  Just make sure you bring cash.... I hope one day they take credit!One of the best restaurants in Philly.  The guac is a must.  We also recommend the shrimp enchiladas and the braised short-rib.  My husband and I actually like these entrees so much, we have trouble ordering anything else when we visit.  All of the desserts are fabulous and the service is always stellar.I wish I had a Lolita in my neighborhood. Couldn't I have that as a birthday wish? No wonder why people move from NJ to Philly. It's places like Lolita that they fall in love with.
On a Monday at Lolita with warm weather, I had a killer good time and will no doubt, do it again. 4 of us sat outside with our tequila drinks (BYOT) and didn't hesitate to practically kill the bottle. We started with the guacamole con totopos mixtos ($9 guacamole, jicama, mixed chips of malanda de coco, plantain and corn). The app was simple, standard...nothing to rave about.
Entree: I had the enchiladas verdes con camarones enchipotlades ($18, shiitake and lancaster jack cheese enchiladas, salsa verde, chipotle marinated gulf shrimp, cumin rice and refried beans)...YUM. It was one of the best mexican dishes I've had in a really long time. The cheesiness blended well with the shiitake mushrooms and shrimp. Since the chef or server (who was as equally fantastic) goofed on holding the refried beans I had an extra entree. One would say that's luck more than mistake! The guys I was with ordered short rib and were not entirely full so the 'mistake entree' didn't even make it home. 
Looking back there were a few things new patrons should know:
-Cash only
-Short rib = small dish
-Reservations are suggested on the nights they allow them.
-Parties of 5 max will be okay, any more people and you're better off at EL Vez.
-Close to walk from/to subwayI had heard good things about Lolita, so when a friend came into the city last night, I thought this would be a great place to take her.  
When we entered, we were immediately greeted by a friendly hostess and seated in the back.  The restaurant is very tiny and the tables are basically on top of one another, so it was a little uncomfortable being so close to other diners.  They are a cash-only restaurant (which they let you know right up front), but for some reason, they have a bizarre $18 per person food minimum.  Do they make you wash dishes in the back if you don't meet the requirement?  I've never been to another place with this rule.  We brushed this off, though, and ordered the guacamole to start.  It came out quickly.  The bowl was a decent size, we had plenty of chips, and it came with two sides of salsa (red and green).
Our entrees, though, did take quite a bit of time to get to our table.  When they finally arrived, they looked strikingly similar, even though I had ordered a pork chop and my friend had gotten the chicken.  It took about 10 seconds for us to figure out if the correct plates were really in front of us.
My pork chop was okay, but for $22, I wasn't blown away by it.  It had a one-note spice to it and it was over-salted.  Even as I sit here today trying to eat the leftovers, I still find it too salty to really enjoy.  It came with a corn salsa on the side that was pretty tasty and I actually wish I had gotten more of that.  My friend seemed to enjoy her chicken dish and finished it in its entirety.  Perhaps I just picked the weaker dish on their menu.  I thought the food was on the expensive side, though, so I can't really see myself coming back here in the near future to try out more of their dishes.Bring your own tequila and get ready for a wonderful dinner.  Order a pitcher of margaritas and add your own booze. This is economical, and will leave you more money for food and dessert. 
Steak was AWESOME.  Choc. flourless cake was to die for. Don't eat too much guac.This is my new favorite restaurant. I went this past Friday night. I don't remember the name of the dish I had, but it was deeelish! The margarita was really tasty too. Oh and I am not a huge meat eater, but they let you substitue mushrooms or tofu. I had the mushrooms instead of shrimp and it was awesome! Pure awesomeness!Had dinner here with the BF and my sis last weekend. We were syked to get in with no wait after being turned away at Barbuzzo's around the corner.  BYO Tequila, cool concept.
We ordere the guac, which came with a salsa and green sauce as well. All tasted good, the red salsa was very savory. Also ordered the turkey albondigas (meatballs). Yum! Only 3 to an order, which was perfect for us, be beware 4-tops! 
I got the mahi mahi, sis got the short rib, BF got the chicken. We all licked our plates clean. Short rib was buttery tender, fish was light and flakey, came on a delicious hominy cake.  The BF finished off his chicken before we could try it, so I'm sure it was also bien rico ;) I'm definitely into modern mexican, if in NYC, try Suenos for a similar experience, but extensive tequila menu. 
Good service, cool atmosphere. Recommended!Best thing about this place is their homemade margarita mix - such as blood orange flavor margarita. This place is a BYOT so remember to bring a bottle of your favorite tequila. 
Their best main entree gotta be Carne Asada. Remember that this place only takes cash!LOVES IT! We have been here several times and have had everything on the menu. I love it all. My fav is beet salad, mango guac and the carne asada and lamb are a tie. We went here for a huge b-day dinner and ordered one of everything and shared. It has a great and friendly atmosphere. I don't know who thinks the service is bad. I haven't seen that. The only small thing I don't like is BYOB. The liquor store nearby was out of tequila on one visit so we didn't get margaritas. And I think the price of the mixers is a bit high for having to tote your own booze. But still worth it overall. Can't wait to go back. We plan ahead now. Make a reservation and buy tequila before heading over.I'm adding one star to my previous review of Lolita. After numerous dinners here the past few months, I have found the service to be exponentially better. No complaints here!
Even when it's a busy night, the mgmt staff seems on top of their game.Excellent Mexican food.   I would definitely come back.   
My wife and I shared 3 dishes and I recommend all of them. 
The Queso Fundido Setas was not like the normal nacho looking melted cheese plate that I'm used to.  That's why I normally do not order Queso Fundido.   But the charred corn, pickled onion, and mushrooms sold me.   It came with hot tortillas which I used to make cheese tacos.   This dish would be good for 4-5 people.
Mexican style corn.   It comes with 4 small pieces.  Great size appetizer for 2 people.   
Shrimp enchiladas (2 enchiladas).   The only downfall is that it was actually a cheese enchilada with 4 perfectly cooked shrimp on a skewer on top of the enchiladas.  The enchilada was excellent, but we wouldn't have ordered it with the Queso Fundido.We stopped in for late night happy hour. Very reasonable prices. One beer, one michelada, and two tacos for $15. The tacos were really really tasty! If you're out late check this place out!What an amazing place...
Got here a little bit before our reservation and we were seated almost immediately. The server was super nice and very attentive. 
The food was outstanding. You have to pay 5$ for chips and salsa, but well worth it. 
The wife got the shrimp tacos which being from California and having some killer tacos in the past, there were better than most if not all.
The brisket chilaquiles...holy cow (get it). They were down right the best ones I have ever had and one of the most flavorful and tasted Mexican dishes ever.  If you craving something really good and hearty, go here! 
Small so make a reservation.We started with a mango guacamole. The portion seemed a bit small $11 but was still good. I had the roasted beet salad as well. It was pretty plain except for the pistachio purée. My boyfriend and I shared the cholula fried chicken tacos and the grilled hanger steak tacos. Both were a bit spicy but pretty good. The tacos themselves were flimsy and tasteless. 
For drinks my boyfriend had the cucumber-jalapeño margarita which was delicious and our friends had the passion fruit margarita which was pretty good as well.
Dessert was AMAZING. Whatever they put in that coconut tres leches cake is unbelievable! You could taste the coconut in the cake  and with the melted marshmallow it was the perfect combination. 
The drinks and dessert were my favorites. Maybe next time I'll try something other then tacos and feel differently about the entrees.Hidden gems .. very good food and the dark gothic ambience makes it a fun hangout place .. Only thing that keeps it from getting the perfect 5 star is the fact that it is too small and table almost of top of another. Your date can almost become a double date if there is another couple sitting on the adjoining table . lol . Ofcourse, I went there in winter and I would love to go there again in summer and use the patio to enjoy their great food.This is hands down one of my go-to restaurants. When anyone is in town, I take them here. It's just so good!!  Prices are reasonable, food is tasty, and drinks are always a fun time! 
The food is fresh and delicious. Most times I come, I snag the Braised Short Rib nachos. It's listed as an appetizer but there is a LOT of food on that, and it is SO good. The sauce on top is my favorite, and their short rib is cooked so tenderly.  They also always have rotating tacos, which we like to try-- they have all been very good.  Chips and salsa are also a large portion with a variety of chips and different types of salsa- perfect for 2 to share before a meal! 
We've also come for their happy hours and late nights - both are excellent deals. Their margaritas are super tasty, and so are their sangrias.  Their pitchers are also at least a good 5 drinks, so they're great to grab when coming as a group! All in all, I can't say enough about how this has been and still is one of my favorite spots in Philly!A fantastic value at happy hour. Dishes like taquitos, albondigas, and tostaditas cost only $5 each. They're decently portioned (not bite sized) and reasonably authentic. You can easily make a meal or a nice group outing out of several of the dishes at once. Drinks are also quite inexpensive at happy hour, ranging from $3-6 for various options. 
The regular menu is far spendier, at least on the surface, but the range of options is far more varied, as are the ingredients. Service is engaging and personable, and the vibe is quite lively and social. One of many good options in this neighborhood.Great food. Service fabulous. Atmosphere is upscale city life. Gaucomole is a must. Chopped salad with steak is very flavorful. Desserts looked wonderful but too full to eat. Try the cucumber jalapeno margarita very destinct taste.Get the barbacoa nachos- amazing!!! Drinks were good. Service was good. Food was very good. Recommended.Enjoyed a meal here on a weeknight.  The restaurant has a nice ambiance, dimly lit by candles, though the tables are way too close together. This place was formerly a BYOB, but now has a full service bar.
On the plus side, the food was really tasty,  especially the fried plantains and the fried chicken tacos.  The blood orange margarita was delicious, if not very strong. For dessert, a pear and basil sorbet was delightfully refreshing and not too sweet.
On the minus side, I just hate when you order small plates and they come out in any random order. Our plantains came our first, then the side of red beans and rice came out 5 minutes before the tacos. Overall the service was somewhat "meh," our waitress was fairly disinterested, and its one of those places where different people bring your food out and they don't really know who ordered what.
So, some pluses and minuses, but overall a good tasting meal.Trying to think how to set this story up....6 years ago, my wife (who was pregnant at the time) and I were in Philly for a few nights.  We were staying at Lowes and walked around looking for a place to eat.  We came across a restaurant called Lolita and decided to give it a try.  Both of us ordered the Carne Asada, a la Lolita.  I'm not a huge steak person, but my wife is.  She said it was the best steak she's ever had in a restaurant.  We've been back to Philly numerous times since that first visit, but for whatever the reason, we haven't been back to Lolita.  They were undergoing renovations, we went to other restaurants, etc.  It just never worked out.  A few weeks back, we were in Philly for the night again...this time with our 5 yo daughter in tow.  We said we're going to make it a point to get back to Lolita to order those steaks again.  I really enjoyed mine, and my wife still maintains that it's the best steak she's ever had in a restaurant.  I love that they've maintained this level of consistency with their food after all these years.  In addition to the steaks, we also ordered the yucatan chicken chilaquiles, which are amazing.  The drinks are on point as well...Lolita is has some of the best Mexican food I've eaten in a restaurant.  Easy 5-stars.  Looking forward to going back again.This was our first time at Lolita and it was a nice experience. The 13th street area is hip and vibrant. Like Barbuzzo, Lolita is small and narrow and casual chic
Our party of  three of us shared 4 dishes. 
* Duck Fat Tamale
* Hanger Tips Taco
* Crispy Fish Tacos
* Enchiladas Verde with Chipotle  Shrimp
The 4 dishes did a nice job for us, but we were not overly hungry. The duck fat tamale was good, everything tasted fresh and the duck fat gave the tamale a unique flavor. The Enchiladas Verde was pretty good too, but not our favorite. The two taco dishes were outstanding, especially the crispy fish Mahi Mahi. Both had great flavors and a  just the right amount of heat.
For dessert we had the Coconut Tres Leches. This was surprisingly very good. I thought I was going to miss the typical Tres Leches but this was a great variation. The cake was moist and it was not overly sweet.
We did not have drinks, we had water and coffee with dessert. Our check was about $65.00 for the 4 dishes, 1 dessert and 2 coffees. Not too pricey for the quality of food.
All in all, a very good meal and a nice choice when in 13th street area.We had lunch here last Saturday. Food was fantastic and service was great!  We will be back!Delicious crispy fish tacos, street corn, guacamole. Chilaquiles had some delicious meat. Whole menu is gluten free. Margaritas were tasty, though a little weak for my taste buds. Great outdoor seating in a fun area. Will definitely go back!Very nice atmosphere and excellent margaritas! The steak tacos were very well prepared but not special.Mmmmm....Tamarind Sour...so good!. I've only ever eaten here at night, often in groups, and it's so dark in there, so I'm never really sure exactly what I'm eating. People just passing delicious food to me. It's all good! For sure, I know that the brisket thing that comes with a fried egg on top is great. And the octopus thing, too.... 
But it's not my place to tell you what to eat, you know what you like, All I know is that it's fun, casual, a tight squeeze when it's full, and noisy - in a good way. I am going to have lunch there someday so I know what's what.Modern mexican is a good description. We all had very flavorful and unique tacos. I had the special with pineapple and spit pork. Yum! What I really liked was the service; we were sat immediately outside (it was on the colder side) and the server really gave good advice on cocktails (I had the seasonal horchata martini and she told me what to expect and it was spot on). I added a star for that. This is a great date restaurant, even though we were there for work, I would go back if I lived here.Get the fish tacos!! Best ever!!! Other highlights include the guac with bacon, peas and cotija cheese as well as the Pina Collins cocktail. This place is a gem, do yourself a favor and get over here asap.The waitress we had was not friendly at all. She seemed terribly annoyed to serve our party of four. She did not introduce herself and was very short with us during our meal. The strawberry margarita was great. We ordered the bacon and pea guacamole and the mango guacamole. Both were good but not as good as other establishments . I ordered the shrimp enchiladas and the dish only came with 3 shrimp. It was a disappointment. Someone else at the table had the shrimp build your own tacos and it has plenty of shrimp. The others had chicken tacos which were good. The deserts were a flop. The food was a 3 and the service a 0.This is definitely my least favorite of the 13th street restaurant group's restaurant.  The menu looks amazing!  The ingredients and cuisine should be great...but ultimately we ended up with a lot of fried chips and toppings.  Now I will admit, this is partially our fault in terms of what we ordered but I still wasn't very impressed.  The guacamole is just OK, it should be amazing right?  We also ordered margarita pitchers and they were again, ok to below average.  I didn't taste even a dash of tequila.  The place was loud and our waiter was kind of rude.  Perhaps I am whining but it just didn't do it for me.  Especially when there are other unbelievably amazing restaurants just steps away!!I had a wonderful experience at Lolita. The food was great I really enjoy the variety of chips they give with their guacamole. I was also very fond of the plates. Each dish came out on a unique plate. It was an authentic and unique experience. I did not like how close we sat to the people seating next to us although, there is little space available for outside seating so I understand why it has to be that way.Best "farm-to-table" Mexican food in Philadelphia.  Heck, I dare say on the Eastern Seaboard (NY City doesn't have this style of Mexican restaurant).  Always hopping, get there on a random week day if you have to - because the food AND the drinks are worth writing home about.I came to Lolita for a date and I was a little nervous because of the close tables. Luckily we were placed secluded from most of the restaurant. 
We were given chips and salsa. We ordered guac to start. The salsas are really authentic and light. The guacamole is awesome. Chunky and fresh. I ordered the pork carnitas tacos, which I assumed would be amazing. And I was right. The carnitas were moist and flavorful. The corn tortillas were perfect. 
Personally I thought the prices were extremely reasonable for such great food and service. 
Skip El Vez and walk across the street.Simply outstanding. Everything everyone ate was splendid. Octopus appetizer and carne asada better than any other I can remember.Went here for lunch because we were in the mood for Mexican food. Host seated us promptly. The place is cozy with the tables fairly close to each other. We started out with the chips and salsa which were a great start. I had the carnitas tacos and thought they were great. My friend had the enchilada verde with shrimp and rated it 3.5 stars. The coffee was better than most restaurants. Service was a bit on the slow side. I would have tried the tres Leches cake but we were not offered to see dessert menus. They were good enough to warrant another try in the future.Went in expecting a tasty lunch and indeed found one with pork cheeks, pineapple and a lil' heat - Stompin on the Trompo! Will go back for a Happy Hour to see what it's all about.Came here on valentines day morning for lunch with two girl friends. Didn't know what to expect but walked out super satisfied! First off, the portions were definitely filling. We each ordered a dish to share and got mango guac for the table (AMAZING) and ended up boxing up one whole entree. You really can't go wrong here with the food. Overall a great experience. The tacos were delicious, the wood interior and table settings super chic, and the waitstaff friendly and helpful. Definitely coming back!Jonathan and I had our first date at Lolita.
I took a PATCO train and was ten minutes late. Maybe later. He sat waiting for me, facing the door as I ran in. He had gummy hearts. It was Valentine's Day. It was dark, small, and still a BYOT. We drank water. 
Now it's fancy and has a liquor license. It's still dark and small. The bar begins about where we sat in the middle rear of the restaurant the first time. I had a tasty blood orange margarita. 
Whatever.
Jonathan and I spend a lot of time at Distrito, in Philly and in Jersey. Everything we had at Lolita was good - if a little pretentious - but nothing was better than at our favorite fancy taqueria. I had the flank steak and Jon had carne asada. The Mexican street corn was delectable and the guacamole was seasoned nicely, but I could do without jicama (the weird additive trend o' the moment) garnish. 
It was a nice spot for dinner, even if I was feeling like a little more magic on a warm, breezy Saturday night in Philadelphia. Take a first date. Lolita is perfect for a first date.Lolita was trendy and on-point with its Mexican food. I would position the food halfway between authentic Mexican and fusion Mexican, depending on what you order. While my experience here was enjoyable, I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because the food was not amazing enough to write home about. When I typically eat Mexican food, I really look for the "Wow! That was super spicy and filling and finger-licking good and I've totally overeaten" factor. I didn't find that here but the good-enough food + stylish environment (although interior lighting is quite dim) was especially great for my girls lunch. 
*Chicken Arabes* taco - Chicken was grilled nicely but not spicy enough. Love that the taco came with cucumbers and jalapeno rather than your typical cilantro and onions mixture. Three small-sized tacos that were surprisingly filling!
One of my friends ordered the fish tacos and the other ordered a mushroom enchilada. Both were pleased with their food. 
*Tres Leches Cake* - Definitely share this with people! It's super rich and enjoyable with two different kinds of ice creams (?) on top of the bread and soaked in a liquid-y caramel sauce. It was just SO sweet, that after 3-4 bites, I couldn't eat it anymore.
I'd like to come back here and try some of the non-traditional, fusion Mexican items. Perhaps they will leave me more Wow'd!Normally Lolita is great, one of my favorites, and this was our 4th or 5th time here.  But tonight, it was just ok.  My food came out a good 5 minutes before my husband's, so it was cold by the time his came.  I hate to rate it this low, but the food was just ok this time too.  Not sure we'll be back...I loved Lolita at its last location, and happy to report that its new spot also delivers a delicious meal. My friend and I ordered the traditional guac with the grilled hanger steak tacos. 
The guacamole really hit the spot! We loved that plantain chips came along with the usual tortilla chips (there were many more chips than we needed for just the 2 of us, keep that in mind when ordering). The tacos were very tasty as well - the steak was grilled to perfection and succulent. The avocado and salsas complement the meat perfectly. I'm getting hungry again just writing this! 
In terms of decor, the lighting was weirdly dark for the middle of the day, it seemed as if there were no overhead lights. But that's just a small thing, overall we had a very positive experience at Lolita! 
P.S. Please bring back the guanabana margaritas that you had at the previous location!The food was good but when we sat down at the empty bar around 7:45 pm to eat our meals, the bartender gave us our check. I've served before and know this is not the move to take. We changed our mind on ordering more drinks/food after feeling as though they wanted to rush us out.We came here for dinner during our visit to Philly on a beautiful summer Sunday. The atmosphere is casual. The space is modern. We were given a table immediately. The waitress was friendly. The menu includes appetizers, tacos, sides, salads and mains. They have a drinks menu. As an appetizer we had the guac and chips. This was ok. We ordered the vegan tacos and the beef tacos. The vegan tacos were ok. A bit too spicy for my taste. My friend said the beef tacos were good. We also had a pitcher of the watermelon margarita. Not much alcohol which was nice. The food is ok, but pricey. The service is average.Stumbled into Lolita about a month ago for my 21st birthday. Pro tip (if you're just looking for a quick/filling bite): try their luscious blood orange margaritas and couple those drinks with some appetizers like 'tradicional' guacamole, smoked carrot tacos, and smoked chile grilled octopus. The appetizers I've listed meld together a variety of punchy Mexican flavors; these flavors work well individually, but are noticeably elevated when sipping on a sweet and citrusy, blood orange margarita.It was so busy b/c of restaurant week. It is understandable that service was lacking. However it takes little time to acknowledge the situation and customers to make them feel valued. Dinner took two hours. I would go again not during r/w. The food was really good.Drinks and food are delicious but customer service in terms of prioritizing is horrible. I showed up asking for a table for two (which takes up the same room as a table for one, obviously) and was told I have to wait for the other person to arrive even though there was only one outdoor table left (actually, one 2 seater, one 4 seater). 
When said person arrived, I was told there is no room outside even though there was a table for 4 free.  They could have separated the tables to make two tables for 2!  But no. Not happy.We really liked the food, and eventually the service. Were a little surprised to learn that we needed reservations on Friday early evening, and looking back, perhaps that was a good sign. Anyways, the hostess wasn't so warm when she suggested we sit in the bar in the back, and service was slow to receive our menus. After that, it was on. We ordered great cocktails, GREAT food, all the more appetizing cause we sat by the kitchen where we saw the chefs hooking it up. They were nothing short of artists. I hope to go back.Great Spot for lunch. relaxed atmosphere and great staff. Their bacon guacamole is out of this world its always a mandatory first ordered. I have had all the taco selections over my visits, there fish tacos are so damn tasty, always consider a 2nd order. Also have had their salads for lunch which are tasty and very large portion.SERVICE WAS SO FAST. Raw Tuna Tostaditas, Pork Carnitas Ahogada, French Margarita and mixed chips and salsa were $53 after tip and tax. Super friendly waiter, fresh food, perfect portion size for lunch. Overall, great experience -- would recommend for groups of 2-4. I would give it a 4.5 if I could, just wished portions were a little bigger, and I also think they forgot my jalapeño onion fries...Went here tonight for dinner. So many wonderful things to love about this place! It is situated in a really cool, young part of the city with little boutiques and restaurants everywhere! Dinner started out with the mango guacamole, which was a little strange but delicious, especially with the neat variety of chips (including plantain chips!). Also had a refreshing blood orange margarita and the verde enchiladas. Finished off with the flourless chocolate cake. Everything was so great and fresh! Atmosphere of the restaurant was really cool and trendy and we loved moving indoors to sit by the kitchen and watch them cook! All of the food is plated absolutely beautifully too.The ambiance at Lolita is wonderful, the food is AMAZING, and the drinks are delicious!Excellent!!! Great spot for lunch! We were able to be in and out under an hour which is great for a business lunch and the food was so good. You didn't feel like you have to compromise food for time. Very good Valeria's salad. The grilled chipotle shrimp was excellent. Definitely want to come back to try more menu items.Overall positive experience. dark interior and close tables. Plates were small, but filling. Great service. Split the chilaques app, Korean pork belly tostadas, and fish tacos. Fish tacos were very spicy.Just had a fabulous meal here. Super delicious upscale Mexican. I had the pork shoulder platter. Korean beef tacos were awesome too! Highly recommend this place.I just tried a few drinks during happy hour which were okay but they tasted really dilute.  The space at the bar was really small and they don't take reservations during happy hour.  A few people from our group ordered food from the happy hour menu which was extremely tiny.  I didn't like smelling like food for hours after leaving.  I probably won't come back in the future.Meh,  I expected alot more from this place the gauc was good everything else was so so. The menu is very limited I also didnt like the fact they said we couldnt sit where we were but a few seconds later someone sits there and it's ok. $15 bucks for nachos arent that good nope wont fo back hereI absolutely loved this place. We ordered shrimp enchiladas & tuna tostadas. Nice & cozy place with good food. Probably the best Mexican I have had since I am from CA.Extremely slow service. It took us more than an hour to get our food. And the server basically put zero effort into service possibly because he knew there was already 20% gratuity built in for a party of 5 or larger. Food was mediocre at best. I ordered fried chicken tacos and the chicken was extremely dry.Fantastic service, great ambiance and terrific food. Great place for Gluten Free diners!I love Lolita's. Great margaritas, street corn, guacamole, chicken and fish tacos. This was my first lunch experience and it was consistent with how great dinner is.My husband and I were visiting Philadelphia for the 4th of July and ended up at Lolita. We sat at the bar, the bartenders were great and we had the Ultimate Margaritas which were very good! We had the pork carnitas tacos with black beans and rice. All were very flavorful and not heavy. We also had the chips and salsa which comes with two salsas and both were good! The place has a nice vibe to it! Overall an excellent experience!Lunch with coworkers here was good, unfortunately we didn't try any alcoholic beverages but the blood orange soda was good We started off with the chips and guacamole- and like the reviews I read we were left wanting more plantain chips instead of tortilla chips but we would order it again. The queso  truffle was my favorite - but we all enjoyed our food. A few of us ordered the fish tacos, the salads were huge, and so were the burritos. Overall, everything was good, will certainly stop by again maybe for happy hour.Once again, Lolita did not disappoint! This time, I went for lunch, which has a slightly different menu than the dinner one. It was pretty empty when we went so we were seated right away!
This time, I ordered the vegetarian burrito since they don't have the cauliflower tacos (our server was nice enough to ask the kitchen if they could make it for lunch even though it's not on the menu; they were delicious the last time I came). Overall, the burrito was good! It comes with this awesome hot sauce on the side which was amazing. 
We also ordered the guacamole tradicional which was on point as always. Lolita's is still by far the best guac I've had in Philly.
If you still haven't gone to Lolita, what are you waiting for??Lolita is probably my favorite restaurant in center city.  Its located right in the gayborhood, along a bunch of other restaurants so the area is always upbeat.
The servers are always nice when I come here, and thought I havent been there since they have renovated, i would imagine the place is just as great. However, the loss of the BYOB part is disappointing, but hopefully now that they have a liqour license, their drinks start to be the reason I keep coming back.  
1.) their mango guac is the best! seriously the best guac I have ever had! and everyone I bring there, would agree.
2) Their Beef entree is amazing!! its cooked so well and complimented with yucca and this cream sauce.  I always suggest this meal, and I never had a disappointed guest.
3.) The Blood Orange Margaritas are simply heaven.  Mixed well, and always a favorite.
Other recommendations: Corn as a Side was super yum, and different from anything I've ever tasted, however skip the plantains (super soggy).
ENJOY!So I stumbled into this place by accident, and I must say I was very impressed with the decor and the food. The place has very nice exposed brick walls and dim intimate lighting which create a very nice conversational atmosphere.  
I ordered the Mexican Street Style Corn for starters and the Al Pastor Pork Tacos both which were well seasoned and quite tasty.  The corn was definitely the better of the two dishes not for any fault of the Tacos but the corn was lathered in a spicy but slightly sweet chipotle sauce which I absolutely could not get enough of.  I was almost tempted to order another round of corn to take home and had I not been absolutely stuff I most likely would have.
For dessert I had the Coconut Tres Leches cake which was also amazing. It was something sweet to end the meal and I'd definitely recommend it. 
All in all my experience with regard to the food was great.  I would say our server left more to be desired on his part as he was quite inattentive and seemed to be disinterested almost as if he would have rather been somewhere else on a Saturday night. I would definitely go back though as the food was well worth it and it was a great price.Great for lunch or dinner! Be sure to start with the guac! It's served with plantain and regular chips. Last night they had a spicy tuna guac on special that was fantastic!
I usually order a salad for my entree. I've had both the beet salad and the chopped. The beet salad is tiny but delicious (and plenty of food if you're like me and just can't stop hittin' the guac and chips).
They have outdoor seating which is fun for people watching on 13th or I recommend getting one of the window seats if you have a party of 2.I love the Philly food scene, but thought it lacked good Mexican food until I tried Lolita. I came here on a date and the ambiance was perfect for such occasion. I got the al pastor tacos which were flavorful and the meat was moist. I would have preferred it to have a little more of a kick to combat the sweetness, but it was very good. The chips and quac were also delicious.Small  hole in the wall with great food. The fish tacos were awesome everything went together great and especially with their hot sauce. Their bowl of guacamole is also something to try for that it comes with a bowl of different chips to choose from & great guacamoleNice quaint modern Mexican restaurant located in a prime spot of the city   
Service 10/10
Ambiance 10/10
Quality of food 7/10We went here as a group of 15 and they were so accommodating. At the time it was BYOB and we ordered margaritas and added our own liquor. The food was amazing. The restaurant is small so definitely make s reservation first.Really good. Loved Barbuzzo, and they have the same owners, so we thought we would give it a try! 
The passionfruit margarita was the best margarita I think I have ever had, but I'm a sucker for anything passionfruit. :)
Enjoyed the restaurant week menu, but to be honest...the chef's choice starter was the best part! So delicious! Also had the guacamole with brussels sprouts, bacon and cotija - loved the plantain and taro chips in with the tortilla chips, and absolutely the best guar I've had outside California! The Mexican Tiramisu was just ok, and while the tres leches cake wasn't as moist as I would have expected, the flavor was incredible!I'll admit I wasn't headed here for dinner but it must have been fate. A coworker and I were on our way to another restaurant nearby but stopped and looked into one of the storefronts next door. After seeing some of the plates that came out and looking on the menu and seeing watermelon margarita we decided to make this our dinner destination. We spoke to the hostess and they were all booked inside but had one 2 top available in their "bistro" seating. See fate. 
We split a pitcher of the AMAZING watermelon margarita. I had the chalupas and the street corn. My coworker had the Snapper and rice and beans. Everything was well seasoned and so flavorful. My coworkers snapper was so buttery. I will certainly be back. 
I would give this 5 full stars but I dinged it one because their outside seating area is on the sidewalk outside the restaurant. The sidewalk isn't really large and our seat was right beside the  kiosk where you buy a ticket to park on the street and at least 2 vehicles came and parked next to our table and bumped it a few times getting in and out their car.Love it! Great atmosphere, food, and service for the price point. The space is small so a reservation might be necessary given the day of week and time of day.The food ranged from very good to excellent. The short rib nachos as an app. was outstanding, they say you eat with your eyes first and it looked as good as it tasted. We also tried the queso fundido which was also very good. We all ordered tacos that night and although we all agreed the various fillings were awesome the soft shells seemed store bought and weren't on par with the food. I can't speak on their other drinks buy I can tell you their sangria was tasty, we tried the red. We capped off the night with their coconut tres leches cake and the mango lime tart. I'm not a sweets or desert person but we all agreed these two deserts may have been the best we have ever had out. The place is small and tight but the food is well worth coming for.When I first moved to Philadelphia, I remembered someone telling me about Lolita. They began with BYOT and I thought, yup, i'm there! Naturally, after they decided to renovate, put in a bar and change their menu...I was a bit disappointed. Once it reopened, I waited and waited until this past weekend and boy was I not disappointed! 
We started with the guac which was delicious. I love that you get fresh tortillas chips and plantain chips. 
Below is a list of everything else we shared:
Grilled Octopus tostadas- one of the winners! 
Duck fat tamal
braised shortrib chilaquiles- think nachos but a more toppings to chip ratio and wow, this was delicious!
pork carnitas tacos- the pork was just perfectly cooked. 
plantain crusted mahi tacos- a winner for me. Every just came together perfectly with all of the toppings!
Blood orange and original margaritas- both were really tasty! 
All and all, I was really impressed. The whole table really enjoyed everything we ate and honestly, I can't wait to go back! The only thing holding me back from a 5 star review is that our waiter had a bit of a bug up his butt BUT, it won't keep me from going back!Fabulous New Year's Day dinner! Nachos were amazing, they took awhile to come out, but were removed from our bill. Cucumber jalepeno margarita was also great. Will be back!Best meal that my family had while visiting Philly. There were 6 of us with varying tastes. All of us (my wife and 4 adult children ) all agreed this was our favorite meal.Hanger steak tacos and the Pear margaritas were great but the service at the bar from Erin was what made the so awesome!!Sidewalk table seating. Attentive service, good cocktails try the watermellon margarita or charred pineapple margarita. Enjoyed the guacamole, mixed chips & salas, nachos with braised brisket and fried chicken tacos. Recommend making reservations.Really enjoyed the food at Lolita. Came here with another vegetarian friend and we split two veggie dishes - the queso and a quesadilla. Both were delicious. Only complaint is the service was a bit slow - had to wait several minutes to ask for my check and to get my card back as well. But, it was a busy night and the food made it worth it!A nice overall experience but nothing out of this world. Guacamole, tuna tiradito and shrimp and fish tacos were good but nothing memorable. Plantains were yummy but could have been better. My favorite was actually the chopped salad. Service was fine. The location is great and the restaurant itself has a nice feel to it. I think it's a little bit expensive for what it is (especially, as others have commented, when it comes to the guac!) and with a slight improvement in the kitchen this place would be much more interesting.Other than the very loud atmosphere, and the somewhat snippy "you have no reservation, correct?" comment, this place is grew because of the amazing food. The Valeria's salad is quite possibly one of the best salads I've ever had.  Just wish they'd muted on the board that the ceviche is only available at dinner- I had my heart set on it. The watermelon margarita was deliciously tart.I had high expectations after going to Jamonera and hearing that many compare these two restaurants, and was pleasantly surprised with my expectations blown away. A friend and I came here for lunch on a Monday, and although we had made a reservation, we didn't need to do so since the restaurant was not crowded at all. I loved the wood decor as I walked in, with the bar giving off a very boozy vibe. 
We were treated promptly and courteously by our waiter, who made sure our waters were always filled (you would think that's a given, but I find that many waiters neglect you once they give you a bottle for the table). The waiter was also patient enough to explain items on the menu. Most items, except the burritos, are gluten-free, so I will certainly bring my boyfriend here next time! My friend and I shared the chips and guac to start, which came with a variety of plantains, corn chips, and tortilla chips with two different salsas and the most delectable guacamole I have ever tasted. The portions ate huge, so we had trouble finishing the whole thing.
My friend then ordered a vegetarian burrito (beware, the delicious vegetarian tacos are not offered for lunch) which was huge, expertly wrapped, and came with a side of salad. I ordered the fish tacos, and although they were pricey ($13 for 3), the sauces and combination of flavors melted in my mouth. Additionally, the fish was cooked perfectly and the taco wrap soft but did not fall apart.
I left feeling stuffed and only spent around $20 for a perfect, intimate friend lunch date. Would definitely come back for late night happy hours to try $2 tacos and their famous margaritas!!!I expected better based on other reviews. Came here on a Saturday night around 7pm with my boyfriend - didn't have a reservation but was able to get a seat at the bar without a problem. I'd recommend making a reservation because it's a pretty small spot and all the tables were filled. 
FOOD:
We ordered the guacamole and street corn to start. Guacamole was average - nothing wrong with it but I've had better in Philly. Street corn was the highlight of the meal - incredibly tasty. We split the pork carnitas taquizas (basically deconstructed tacos that you make yourself) and brussels sprouts. Taquizas were just ok - could have used more flavor and it seemed kind of a strange combo that the carnitas were served over a bed of brussels sprouts (wouldn't have also ordered a side of brussels if I had realized this). 
DRINKS:
This is where Lolita really fell short. I ordered the jalapeno cucumber margarita (which is my go-to whenever I see it on a menu) and it was very watery and not remotely spicy. Boyfriend ordered the house margarita which was one of the worst margaritas either of us have ever tasted. Not sure if it was just an off day for the bartender, but as a Mexican restaurant you've got to have your house margarita down. 
AMBIANCE
Really cute decor, intimate vibe, would be good for date night or girls night. 
SERVICE
Sat at the bar, but the food came out incredibly fast and the bartender was great about refilling our drinks.I heard it was byot, but it wasn't when I visited. Food is decent, drinks were great. But I really wanna byot.Wow. We walked in and grabbed a seat on a whim tonight. Could not have been more pleasantly surprised. Had the mixed chips and salsa to start. The verde was amazing. Wife had the chilaquethes (sp?), and I had the special tacos (pork al pastor). Both were excellent. We left stuffed and so glad we walked in.Chips and salsa are a must! Korean tostadas were perfection but the nachos and corn were average. Great atmosphere and will definitely be back :)The food was really good and the staff was courteous. The only drawback for which I took off one star was because we had ordered the yucatan chicken nachos and they served us nachos without chicken.I have been going to Lolita's for many years now. I go their for casual weekend dates or to celebrate other significant events in my life. The ambience and atmosphere is very nice. I used to love Lolita's when it was a BYOB. The quality of the food is the same since it reopened but the recipes that I fell in love with 7 years ago when I first moved to Philadelphia have changed. My favorite is the Enchiladas verde. Before they were served with tofu but with the reopening, they are now served with mushrooms. I love mushrooms so I don't mind it but I do miss the way they prepped the tofu. It was amazing. The BYOB Lolita used to have fresh fruit margarita pitcher mixers and you bring your own Tequilla. That has changed now but luckily they still offer some fresh fruit margarita pitchers that aren't loaded with sugar and you can actually taste the fruit. Lolita's will always be one of my favorite philly restaurants.The place was pretty cool looking and clean.
The staff was friendly.
I ordered spinnin on the trompo chicken tacos to go.
The order was ready fast.
The tacos were pretty small.
The price was 13.00.
The tacos were delicious.
Not too great for lunch unless you're willing to splurge.