Stopped in for lunch on Saturday. Staff was amazingly friendly and welcoming. We arrived after breakfast hours but they insisted it was no issue and we could order breakfast if we liked. We started with bruschetta. It was possibly the best I've ever had. Fresh and so flavorful. My boyfriend went with 2 eggs over easy,  scrapple, and hashbrowns. I took a bite of the hashbrowns which were wonderful and hot.  I had the Michaelangelo sandwich which I would highly recommend as it was perfect. We'll definitely be back.The food and atmosphere is amazing! Can't wait to get back there. It was certainly an experience to remember. We had a party of 15 and every single one of us was taken back by the excellence of the food. The owners are hands on and it feels like you went back to Ma's for dinner. A very inclusive environment.We are here for the first time this weekend.  The food was phenomenal.  I highly recommend the Chicken Angelina.   I couldn't finish mine and I can't wait to to eat it tonight.  The service was wonderful and the owners were awesome!  I wish I could give it more than five starsDinner tonight was EXCELLENT. Friendly staff, nice atmosphere. Cash only so please prepare.
Bruchetta just excellent, as was the fresh salad.
Rigatoni and Chicken Parmesan and Gravy was soooo good!Great place :) cute coffee shop with delicious food. So happy this little mom and pop restaurant opened in this area. My husband and I had a great experience couldn't have asked for better service and food. Go check it out and support the neighborhood.We were happy to see that someone else bought this place because the previous cafe was garbage. As soon as it opened, my husband went over to try out their coffee and breakfast. He used to roast coffee for a living and has pretty high standards. He raved about how great the coffee was and how delicious his breakfast sandwich was, and how nice the owners were and suggested we go there for dinner that weekend. I figured "why not?" And didn't get my hopes up for much since it's a tiny place but I figured it would be a nice night out for the family. 
We went on a Friday night about 2-3 weeks after they opened. We were greeted by Lisa and Michael who seemed so happy that we came in and made us feel like family right away. I was actually surprised how busy it was since the previous place never had a soul in it. As we sat down, I realized from looking at the other tables that I should have brought my own wine but never fear! Gianna and Lisa had plenty of wine! I was already happy as we ordered our entrees and they both made sure we were happy and well taken care of. The food was amazing and the meatballs and sauce tastes just like the old country. You can't get any closer to your Italian mom's cooking than this, even though it's done by the wonderful Michael, who is as cheerful and friendly as they come. 
We have since been back for another dinner, which was even better. Christina waited on us the second time and was an absolute delight. The bruschetta is so delicious. The chicken Angelina is wonderful, and the cannoli's are amazing. We've had breakfast a few times which is always great. The cappuccino is absolutely PERFECT. I want to drink them all day, even though I shouldn't lol. Definitely stop into this hidden gem in Tacony and you will be treated as part of the family and you will leave stuffed, hopefully tipsy (make sure you bring that whole bottle of wine!) and very happy. Can't speak more highly of these guys. They're doing an amazing job! Keep it up guys! We will definitely be back soon. Oh and make sure to bring enough cash because you will want to order everything!!!So I must say we found this place by pure destiny.  We had reservations at another restaurant, arrived and it was closed with a sign on the door ( no notification or anything). Thank goodness fate intervened and not only did we have an amazing meal, but felt like we had just visited family.  We were greeted with warm hospitality from Lisa and Christina and Mike prepared a spaghetti and clams dish that made me want to float on a piece of crusty bread through the delicious sauce.  The antipasto platter was delicious and for that little pocket of space left in our bellies, the cannoli and limoncello cake was heaven. The dinner was only complimented by the great conversation, laughter and warm friendly nature of this family.  This is definitely a gem that we stumbled upon and will be our go to from now on.   Thank you for our wonderful anniversary dinner!!!!!!Very small restaurant. You basically feel like family when you walk in. Complimentary bread. Bruschetta app tasted amazing. Ordered chicken parm which came with side of pasta, portion was huge. Everything tasted great.My husband and I have eaten here 2 times already. When our fav Italian restaurant closed almost two years ago, we have been searching ever since for a replacement. Well, our search is now over. You cannot go wrong with anything on their menu. This past Friday we had the chicken parm. To say it blew us away, does not even come close. Everything from soup, salad and the main course was so good. Their gravy/sauce is to die for. Each time we have been there we have had to take our dessert to go. Lisa, Michael and their girls are the friendliest hosts you ever want to come in contact with.The secret is out, this is the go to place in Tacony. I wish them nothing but the best and can't wait to return!!!!!Awesome food, large portions, super friendly service and hospitality, and very reasonable prices. What more can you ask for? Went for dinner last Saturday and we could not have had a better experience. After reading the raves about the meatballs I knew I had to have them - got them as an app and they definitely lived up to the praise. I had the shrimp and spaghetti fra diavolo and wife had penne and meatballs. Both excellent. My wife had a big enough portion leftover for another meal at home. Oh, and a very nice, fresh salad came with each meal. Great addition to the Northeast dining scene. We will be returning often!It's a great little place, the lunches are good. But, breakfast needs work. A few weeks ago I Had some take out French toast. Zero flavor. Not even a touch of cinnamon, it was plain egg batter.
I'll go back and try again.Great home cooking,we felt like we were at Lisa and Mikes home,great prices and plenty of food!!Went there tonite, had a reservation. I had the mussels marinara which was excellent!, Wife had chicken parmigiana, I had veal marsala, both were excellent! I highly recommend this place!  Their meatballs were very good too!.   BYOB.The food is amazing! Honestly it's the closest thing to our travels in Italy in Philadelphia. Everything is fresh, packed with flavor, and made to order-not prepped ahead of time sitting around. So it can take a bit if they are busy but the staff is super friendly and so are the patrons so bring some wine and enjoy! We can not wait to go back and have been talking about it ever since! Absolutely check it out if you love Italian!!Went to dinner with the hubby on a Wednesday night. 
Meatballs are incredible as mentioned in other reviews. 
We got them as an app with cheesy garlic bread and smashed those suckers on there. 
Hubby had chicken parm, a bit on the thicker side, but super tender. 
I had the chicken Angelina: chicken breast; roasted peppers; prosciutto; provolone; asparagus; light white wine sauce. It was light and delicious.
There was a bit of a wait time between courses for food to settle and grab dessert.  Not a horrible wait. Reason being per the chef was everything is made fresh to order. Understandable. If you want speedy food go to a chain. . 
 Limencello cake was great. 
4 stars because they didn't have soup (due to hot weather) or the chocolate cake that I originally wanted!!!
We will be returning and I suggest you go!
They do not serve soda which makes sense. It's too expensive for small businesses in Philadelphia anyway. Not missing anything. They have homemade ice tea. It's BYOB. 
Leftovers were just an awesome.If you love Italian food and love homemade Italian you have to try Lorenzo's! This cozy BYOB Italian restaurant did not disappoint. My man and I visited Lorenzo's on Thursday night and both ordered from the three course prefix menu, (that's truly four courses plus an after-dinner surprise). The meal started with fresh/warm Italian bread served with a small dish of herbs and cheese for you to add oil. Perfect way to start an Italian meal. Our salads came out quickly, a nicely sized garden salad with a house made dressing, (standard Oil/Vinegar/herbs perfectly balanced). Official first course: I ordered the mussels fra diavolo appetizer, which was large enough portion to be an entree. This is a staple for me when dining Italian, so I've ordered mussels from every spot in South Philly and I can honestly say that Lorenzo's mussels stand above the crowd. Mussels were cooked perfectly, not chewy whatsoever. And the gravy... all I can say is that I typically have to add crushed red pepper to my mussels. Not at Lorenzo's. If you love a really good fra diavolo you have to try it here! My only regret is that I do not have a phot to share because I enjoy the dish so much that I forgot to stop eating and take a picture! Beyond good... I literally sopped up whatever was left with bread and would have picked up the bowl to drink the rest if I wasn't in public! 
My man ordered the meatball appetizer, two medium-large, just like grandma used to make meatballs in gravy. Juicy and delicious. 
We both ordered the chicken parmigiana entree with penne. The chicken parmigiana is made fresh to order. Breaded, seasoned and fried (not oily whatsoever) finished oven baked with fresh mozzarella. The generous cutlets were tender just perfectly cooked. Not overly sauced, tender all the way. Generous portion of pasta along side with house made gravy. Again, like grandmas gravy that you grew up on enjoying every Sunday.  
Our meal ended with a cannoli each, served with a chocolate sauce to compliment the rich cannoli filling. Delicious! 
In addition to the food, the service you'll receive at Lorenzo's is unmatched! You seriously feel like you've been invited to a relatives house for dinner. The beyond attentive service in this intimate setting makes this dining experience exceptional! 
We will certainly be back!Excellent little place! Small restaurant serving great Italian food. Red sauce is top notch and the meatballs were great. Owner/chef made us feel like home and takes great pride in his food. My wife's chicken parm was excellent as well. If you are in the mood for homestyle Italian food, this is the place.We were dying to try this adorable little place not far from our home. We made a reservation for Friday night dinner and felt welcome and well taken care of from the minute we stepped in. Lisa and Michael and their daughter Gianna are just phenomenal. As is the food. My husband had the eggplant parm and spaghetti and I had the mixed Seafood over spaghetti and both of them were fantastic. The salad was perfectly made and the dessert and coffee were perfect. Enjoyed this experience from beginning to end. Can't wait to come back. Thank you for making us feel like we were in a family member's home. What a happy positive atmosphere! We wish you guys the best of luck for continued success and thank you for an excellent dining experience!We read the reviews and decided to check it out. Made reservations for a Friday at 6:30. It was still quiet when we first arrived, but the crowd started to pick up by the time we were leaving. My husband got the chicken parm and I got another chicken dish (I forget the name) and both were delicious!! The owners were both there, along with a server. Each one of them stopped by our table to make sure we were happy with our meal. And we were!! We also got dessert to go and didn't break the bank!! Overall it's a great local place for a nice meal that is reasonably priced. I'll definitely be going again!!Great place!  My husband and I came for date night dinner tonight and at the entrance we were greated right away with a smile. Service was excellent.  Food was delicious. I felt like I was eating dinner in my Nona colello's kitchen.  Definitely recommend this place.  We will be returning!Yes this place is so nice the food is also so good it's like eating in your grandma kitchen the staff is polite and this was my first time and I'm coming back with my hole family if u have not visited u must give this place a try the price is affordable and the food is fresh....... I want to rate this place higher than a 5 starA wonderful neighborhood "find". Not only is the food plentiful and delicious. The owners are like family. The good family. Lol.
I assure you, you won't be disappointed . Reservations are recommended.Went in with several friends going to lunch. Had fresh brushetta appetizer and my lunch platter was a grilled chicken ceasar hoagie. Everything I had was fresh ingredients and made with perfection and love. The owners are very nice and down to earth. Cute Italian restaurant for breakfast and lunch/early dinner. Cash onlyCute little place that we just stumbled upon... after trying a new church out of our neighborhood. 
It's a small neighborhood type coffee shop, that also serves breakfast and lunch. 
Our part my of 5 just came in for coffee and cakes. We ended up trying a few cappuccinos and some espresso. It all was topped with whipped cream and tasted delicious! 
The staff was friendly and very helpful. We hadnt realized that we came late and they were About to close- and the staff continued to be nice and suggested items for us to try.
We also ordered a few cakes to share and ordered a lemon cake And chocolate mousse cake. Prob the tastiest and moist cakes I've ever eaten. 
I know we found this little gem on accident and would definitely be returning when we come back down this way in the future.I was looking for a BYOB for my birthday dinner. I called and made a reservation & had no issues. The customer service & food were amazing from start to finish. The food was the same especially the dessert. FYI the lemoncello cake is amazing!!!!!
I would definitely come again!Went tonight with two old friends from our LF days.  The dinner was phenomenal.  You feel the vibe the minute you walk in.  Lisa and Mike and the entire staff cannot do enough for their customers.  This has been my second visit and I can't wait until my third!  The food is beyond amazing.
5 star folks who make 5 star food!Great family business. Lisa and Mike treat you like family. Food was excellent and highly recommend this restaraunt. We will be back time and time again.Simply delicious. Small BYOB.  Had the veal saltimbocca and hubby had the chicken Oscar - both were terrific.  Waitress and Chef (H/W?) were both pleasant.  Started with delicious Italian bread with some olive oil and grated cheese with spices for dipping. Small house salad with oil and vinegar based dressing. Tried the special appetizer of asparagus wrapped with priscutto in a delicious marsala wine sauce. After our meal, we shared our desserts--a cannoli and tiramisu--both delicious.  Thank you for an enjoyable evening!This restaurant is one of my favorites in Philadelphia. My girlfriend and I often come into philly for dinner and Lorenzo's is  a place we always keep in consideration. We come down from Bucks County! The food and service is always top notch and everything I ever had tasted homemade. 
I really enjoy the atmosphere with all the other patrons.. enjoying a meal here is like enjoying a meal with family and friends.. we came in for dinner last week and celebrated my birthday a few days in advance! ;) everything was great and can't wait to go back!!Good solid slice. Staple of the city. A lot of people describe this place as an after drinking go to but I think it's definitely up there as one of the bestFinally tried Lorenzo's for dinner. It was delicious and will definitely go go back again.This is  a great find. The Chef and the server are wonderful. They made us feel at home. There were a lot of locals inside so you know the food had to be good.  We had egg plant and veal Parmesan .  It was great. So was the bruschetta and expresso. We got dessert to go. To the lady in the restaurant that was going home to eat the rest of your food in your robe... what a great suggestion. I plan on doing that pretty soon when I eat my cannoli.Their food is always fresh and made to order. The owners are down to earth and its all family that runs the restaurant.Philly native family run restaurant/ espresso bar at its finest 
The atmosphere is authentic old school Philadelphia; music was perfect; friendly, on the spot service; the food was great and the espresso delicious. 
They took good care of us!Another AMAZING meal at my favorite Italian restaurant! You can never go wrong here. There is no such thing as wrong choice or a bad choice. No matter what I order here or how many times I have eaten here I always walk out satisfied and planning my next visit back. There are a few new dishes, appetizers and specials on the menu (please see other review for pictures). Don't hesitate to try Lorenzo's if you haven't been here before or if you have been here I know you'll keep going back like I do! Don't forget to stop and grab your favorite beverage of choice as it is BYOB!  The owners actually encourage you to bring in whatever you want to drink. Can't say enough about this authentic homemade Italian restaurant. Chicken Nonna was made to perfection! It was sautéed in a light sherry sauce with fresh roasted peppers, artichoke hearts and melted provolone cheese and served over spaghetti or penne (I chose penne)!! The portion was huge-I have enough for lunch and dinner for another 2 days. Thanks as always Lisa and Mike for your never ending hospitality.My boyfriend and I came here on Friday night and it was amazing.
The attentiveness from the server, as well as from the owner was nice. 
The bread they bring out is addicting as well. something so simple but so good!
I had the chicken parm and my boyfriend got the Sinatra. The chicken cutlet was nice and thin, and the sauce, which they call gravy, was tangy and sweet. The Sinatra was jam packed with crab meat and shrimp. I'm not a huge shrimp fan but my boyfriend loved it. The portions were large as well.
This is such a great spot for a dinner date, we enjoyed the food and loved the ambiance. My boyfriend also loved the Godfather/Goodfellas last supper photo they had on the wall, so much so that he googled it while we were eating!
TL;DR the food is great, the staff is wonderful Can't wait to come back.So glad I finally got to check this place out! We came with a party of eight on Mother's Day, and the food was amazing! The service was wonderful also. I got the veal Oscar, the veal was the most tender I've ever had and the crabmeat on top tasted like it just came straight from a crab, not that canned stuff.  Everybody was happy with their food. It was a little on the higher price I, but worth it. You get what you pay for and everything was homemade and fresh. The waitress even offered us a celebratory shot of sambuca which she took along with us which I thought was really cool.Awesome meal last night at Lorenzos! We started with the clams casino! Freaking amazing! Then we had the Mediterranean salad, so so good! I had The Sinatra, so much food, great shrimp and crab and the sauce was delish! I couldn't even finish because of how much food we had! The bread and olive oil dip is addicting, not to self, save room for dinner. Can't wait to go back, this will be our Thursday spot from now on. Mike and his family treat you like family as soon as you step thru the door! Thanks Mike, for an awesome night, amazing food and great company! See you guys soon!!!This place is perfect great staff unbelievable food probably the nicest waitress I ever hadThis place has been open for a few weeks and already there is a huge buzz around the neighborhood. After hearing that I "NEED to try it" for the 30th time, it was time to stop in for a visit. 
Hubby and I came for lunch at around 1 o'clock on a Saturday. They weren't very busy yet and we pretty much had the place to ourselves. The owner, Lisa, served us and was an absolute pleasure. She has a very warm disposition and has a knack for making people feel welcome. 
We'd heard a lot about their meatballs, so we ordered the meatball parmigiana. The Luciano's Sicilian Hoagie also looked tasty, so we decided to get both and split them. The meatballs definitely lived up to the hype. The texture was absolutely perfect - incredibly moist while still holding together very well. Anyone who's made meatballs before knows that this is a feat that not many can achieve. 
Surprisingly, the hoagie was the real star of the show. First of all, the meat is freshly cut for every sandwich. This makes such a huge difference and it saddens me that so many places sell themselves short by pre cutting their meat. The meats were also top quality, and it was served on a very tasty seeded roll (Liscio's I think). The best part of this sandwich was the balance. There wasn't too much or too little of any element, and it wasn't over thought or over done. It may possibly be the best hoagie in the Northeast. Yes, I'm serious. 
The prices are reasonable too. For the two  of us, the check was less than $20. We also stayed for a bit after we were done eating to chat with the owners, who are very nice and genuinely grateful for all the positive chatter about their establishment. 
They also open for dinner service on the weekends, and I had a chance to look over their dinner menu. They serve an assortment of Italian staples and the prices were reasonable (most entrees under $20). They are also BYOB, so bring your vino! 
I am so thrilled to have a place like this in the neighborhood, and I will absolutely be returning.AT Lorenzo's you are making a memory not just eating a meal. Food is prepared fresh to order-never premade, no microwaves, no freezers. That alone says it all. Generous portions always allow for a container to take home. Service is impeccable from Lisa and Mike, the Owners (who cook-prep-make desserts-they do everything) to the family who waits on you and caters to every need you may have. I had a surprise party for My Grandson last summer-they went above and beyond, this is the norm for them. The ambience is always wonderful from the Italian music playing as you can hear as you approach the door, the big welcoming hugs you get from the owners themselves-you are immediately transported to a cobblestone street in old world Italy or at the very least Sunday dinners with your great grandparents after Church. This quaint, BYOB restaurant is a charming hidden gem in the heart of Tacony. This has become my favorite restaurant to visit on or for any given occasion (Yes, they do catering and private parties too). I've been there at least a dozen times (actually much more) and never had a mediocre meal. I've always left there planning my next visit back. They were voted Best Meatballs of 2016 only a few months after opening. Their pride shows through in every nook and cranny of this establishment. I highly recommend this restaurant for breakfast, lunch or dinner. You will never be sorry to have stopped by (reservations are recommended but not necessary) as this place does fill up fast and they've have had to turn away tables because they are that good! Not many places can accomplish what they have in the short amount of time they have been open. Once you have eaten here you will know why. Don't wait one more time-plan your visit now. Grab a bottle of vino (or your favorite beverage) on the way-sit back, relax and enjoy the experience! This has quickly become the new hot spot to locals...cannot say enough about Lorenzo'sEverything super super fresh.  Family owned and operated made the service friendly and outstanding.  Awesome food, the gravy was perfect. Garlic bread was like the best I've ever had.  Chicken was tender and juicy.  Everything just perfect. We will definitely be back!!  
Glad we found this neighborhood gem! .Went to dinner with the hubby on a Wednesday night. 
Meatballs are incredible as mentioned in other reviews. 
We got them as an app with cheesy garlic bread and smashed those suckers on there. 
Hubby had chicken parm, a bit on the thicker side, but super tender. 
I had the chicken Angelina: chicken breast; roasted peppers; prosciutto; provolone; asparagus; light white wine sauce. It was light and delicious.
There was a bit of a wait time between courses for food to settle and grab dessert.  Not a horrible wait. Reason being per the chef was everything is made fresh to order. 
 Limencello cake was great. 
We will be returning and I suggest you go!Most delicious, friendly BYOB place you could ever find!  You are made to feel like family
Huge portions.. took half home with me!  Neighborhood gemVeal OscarExcellent.... ambiance is excellent, owners are so friendly and food was top notch. What else could you ask for???Amazing in ever way! Excellent service, the food is exceptional! From the Bread, to the salad and appetizers, The main course, to dessert. I can't Express how delicious everything was. A True Italian restaurant! We can't wait to go back. We highly recommend you come and try it. You will Love it!Tonight was my first time at Lorenzo's and it was amazing! It's like turning your Italian grandma's kitchen into a small restaurant. The people were so nice and the food was delicious. Definitely a hidden gem in the Northeast!Family owned restaurant
The food was fantastic and they really made you feel like family
A hidden gram.
Can't wait to go back !!!!My family was in the old neighborhood last weekend, so we decided to try out Lorenzo's based on its stellar yelp reviews. I'm absolutely stunned that this place can have a 5 star rating. In my old neighborhood of Tacony no less! Actually, I'm embarrassed that such an abomination could exist in a place with genuine Italian roots.
If you like soft pasta, go here.
If you like a menu that features mostly one item (chicken) with a few different sauces, go here.
If you like veal that is actually chicken, go here.
If you like frozen ravioli, go here.
I hate to do this, because the owners seem like genuinely nice people. If the yelp rating was in the 3 star range, I wouldn't bother to write a negative review, but I can't allow such crazy misinformation to continue.You have GOT to go eat at this quaint, family-owned Cafe in Tacony that served up an absolutely decadent dinner!!   The homemade meatballs and gravy (do NOT call it sauce; don't get it twisted lol!!!) alone were to die for but the rest of the meal was just as scrumptious:).   
It's a family affair = Mike created the magic meal, his wife, Lisa is the multitasker, his son assisted Mike and their daughter was our waitress!!   Chef Mike visited our table a few times to check in and made us feel like part of the Lorenzo family!!!
Ok seriously, do yourself a favor and go have a fantastic meal [BYOB including soda].   Oh, and make a reservation!!!!Great little spot in Tacony. Went with 6 people and sat comfortably in their little Italian shop. The pasta was fresh and the Gravy was great! I had Veal Parmigiana, was a great cut . The prices are  low too, the waitress was personable and the chefs(owners) came to our table to ask how things were. We will be back for sure!This is amazing place to go to get a cup of coffee, the owners are amazing they make every customer feel like family.  Their food is always made fresh to serve. Been so many times and why did I wait so long to write a review.  The portions are always perfect!Let me put it right out there, GO TO LORENZO'S!!!! I have been meaning to come here after friends have suggested it, but never did and I clearly have been missing out. I highly recommend making reservations since this is a very small restaurant and it is cash only and BYOB, so be prepared. Also think about going on a Thursday and trying the Preset menu for $25 which included an app, salad, entree and dessert. I will say this, EVERY ITEM I TASTED WAS DELICIOUS! I personally ordered the the Mussels in white wine, Chicken Saltimbocca (added mushrooms) and the cannoli and it was all really great. You can't go wrong with the menu choices. Finally the staff is incredibly outgoing and friendly, it is all family owned and you receive a warm welcome coming in the door, the chef will come out if he isn't super busy and check on how you liked everything. I seriously can't wait to come back and try more.Stopped in for a coffee before a long drive from visiting the in-laws. It was dinner time and it smelled amazing. Can't wait to go back for dinner. 
The cappuccinos were wonderful, with no pretense and the folks were super friendly when we asked for them to go. We had tried to stop by a year ago, when it was just a coffee shop but it had permanently closed - I guess they bought the place from the previous owner and are now a restaurant as well!
So glad the neighborhood still has family-owned businesses. Can't wait to move back here.This is you're little corner Cafe that has been open alittle round a month now. 
Its one of those nicer spots to drop by for a bite to eat. When I arrived there was alot of parking on the side street and the front of the cafe.
When walking in I was told to sit where ever I like. Was introduced by very nice server. Was handed the menu. As a new place to the neighborhood. The menu was not you're typical Diner menu. So think coming in there will be alot to choose from. The average breakfast menus are stuff like breakfast sandwiches, omelettes, eggs, homes fries, toast. Although that's about it, hopefully in the future they add more to the menu, the food they have is good, it's owned by the husband and wife, the wife serves the food and the husband Cooks the food, and they do get quite busy in the morning, prices are not bad, and it's Cash only!!! 
I look forward to coming back again for breakfast!!!This place is Amazing. Made to order food, made from scratch all of the time. The owners and staff are so friendly and make you feel at home all of the time. The atmosphere is so cool it feels like you are in a little Cafe in Italy. The food is so tasty and authentic and so fresh. We really love coming here. I can not Express enough how Great this place is. Go check it out for yourself. You will not be disappointedI have to be honest it pains me to write this review. I wanted to love it here. We called last night and made last minute reservations. With the high reviews we thought we'd hit gold, sadly we were underwhelmed.
First off a few things. One, it's an extremely small restaurant. Like really small! That not a bad thing but just be aware. Second the place seems very dirty and smells like smoke. I won't point out specifics but look around. Now, I will focus on the food.
We started with the eggplant caprese. That was the highlight of our meal. It was crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. The crunch was fanatic with the soft fresh mozzarella. It was almost a perfect appetizer. It did have a bit too much garlic and oregano for our liking. For entrees my wife went with the Sinatra and I went with the chicken parmigiana. Both entrees came with a house salad. The salad was fresh but boring. It was just lettuce, tomato and 1 cucumber. The vinegarette was watered down and also lacked flavor. Now I'm not Italian and I don't claim to be an Italian food expert. The food just wasn't anything to blow us away.  My chicken parmigiana was good, not great. The sauce was very good and had the right acidity. The chicken was also very soggy on the bottom. Neither dish had fresh pasta, it was boxed. The Sinatra was a good idea but lacked in execution. The sauce while good was too thick and heavy. There were a nice amount of shrimp though. At $25 it was way overpriced. 2 stars all night longThis place is so awesome, food is excellent, staff is so friendly and warm, just like being with family!!! Excellent service, excellent people and excellent food!!! I'd recommend this place to anyone!!!!Great food, incredible service, love that its walking distance from our home in Tacony, will definitely be back, the chickin was perfect, two great places in the same block, this for dinner and puddins for desert, love the new direction that tacony is going,The Culinary Adventures of Tom Coghlan
March 18, 2019  ·
I was doing some motorcycle business in Tacony when I realized I was a bit hungry. I googled "Restaurants near me" and one Restaurant caught my attention...It was just a few blocks away...Lorenzo's Cafe Espresso Ristorante Italiano. I arrived at the BYOB Restaurant at 4741 Princeton Ave. and was seated at a small table by my server, Christina... Lorenzos has a family oriented atmosphere and it seemed like everyone who entered knew each other. They all seemed happy to see each other and the Chef and Chistina welcomed them all individually ! The Chef even pulled up a chair to one table to welcome his friends...I felt at home here. A house salad came out with a house dressing and seasoned olive oil and bread that helped prepare me to order. I started with something new to me. Eggplant Caprese, fried eggplant topped with fresh mozzarella, tomato, roasted red pepper and basil. The three slices of eggplant were breaded fried and topped with roasted red pepper, fresh mozzarella and basil. The crispness of the warm eggplant contrasted well with the chilled mozzarella, roasted pepper and tomato...The fresh basil made it wonderful ! For my main course, I chose, The Sinatra... shrimp and lump crab meat tossed with penne and a lobster cream sauce. It was WONDERFUL ! It was loaded with shrimp and the cream sauce had plenty of lobster! When desert was offered, I had to decline... I was stuffed... The next week I was in the neighborhood and I had to stop in again ! Christina remembered my name and welcomed me back ! Lorenzo's is a place I will continue to explore !Love their meatballs and gravy  - best I have had ina long time. Super friendly and accommodating staffingFood was excellent and staff was very pleasant! I'd recommend to anyone! Will be visiting again!!!