I decided to check out Love & Honey after hearing that Questlove endorsed them. I grabbed my friend Myron who was visiting from out of town and we set off for Front Street. As a black woman whose family hails from the South, I'm genetically engineered to be skeptical of any fried chicken not prepared by someone's black grandmother or Aunt Johnnie Mae. I took a deep breath, crossed the threshold walked to the counter and placed my order. The chicken isn't prepared until you place your order so there's a bit of a wait. Fast forward to me digging into my box of chicken - this is actually good! The chicken was juicy and seasoned well. The skin was nice and crisp! The piece de resistance, however, was the cornbread with honey butter. It was damn good! Not slap yo mama good but when I see my mother this weekend we will have words. The only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because you can't choose all white or all dark meat. I detest chicken breast with every fiber of my being so this was almost a deal breaker for me. Luckily, Myron isn't picky about his chicken so he graciously traded his thigh for my breast. If you get the chance, do stop by, you'll be glad you did.Great Chicken!!!! Very clean and nicely run establishment. The people were super friendly and the chicken was crunchy and moist as can be! Then there was the Cookie. A must get!!!!I've been on the hunt for my favorite Philly fried chicken and I have to say I was fairly impressed here. Chicken was pretty good and it seemed as though they added a subtle yet noticable touch of honey to the batter for a very unique fried chicken flavor that didn't make me hate myself. Will definitely keep this in the top 5 fried chicken ranks for now.Chicken is done right - super crispy and delicious batter. Rivals the fried chicken at Lukoil (anyone who doesn't know, their chicken is out of sight, don't judge a book by its cover) Very friendly staff even though it was their hectic grand opening. A few cons - Mac and cheese was surprisingly lackluster. Go with pimento cheese spread instead. Also they ran out of cornbread which I'm chalking up to being a crazy grand opening.I found the food very good here!  Yes, the chicken was fantastic, as was cornbread, shells and cheese and collard greens.  I also had the banana pudding, which was rich and creamy.  I also tried the sweet potato pie, which was also very good.  Both desserts had fresh whipped cream.
Everything was homemade, fresh and tasty.  I hope they can maintain this high quality of food.First time coming here! I got a 6-piece chicken with every side they offer (except the coleslaw). The food was absolutely amazing. I could not have asked for a more authentic dining experience. I ordered using Caviar with a $10 off voucher, but would have paid full price if I knew how amazing the food was. I recommend this if you are looking for homemade comfort food! 
I've been using Caviar to get delivery from my favorite restaurants. Sign up with this link to get $10 off each of your next two orders in Philadelphia.: https://bnc.lt/W9Qc/c3aKuVuGyIThis food is life-changing. My wife works nearby and if I'm especially nice to her she'll grab me a 3 piece and cornbread. Also, the butter is more than likely fortified with narcotics because I'm most definitely addicted!The fried chicken was amazing! Fried chicken is hard to get right (not too greasy, not over cooked, consistent crunchiness of the coating)... well, they nailed it. The mac and cheese was also delicious. The banana pudding was a huge surprise (figured - how good could it be?) - Uh-mazing. This came as a recommendation / so I glad I took it. The restaurant has a cute layout - geared a little more to take out, but there are seats available. No beer/wine, but that may be a blessing given you won't have any room left!I don't know where it all went wrong, maybe it was a bad batch but this chicken is not good. There's was no flakiness, and it was poorly seasoned. All I taste is the overwhelming flavor of celery seed and white pepper. Couldn't even eat the skin...very disappointed...drove all the way from JerseyI had my first visit to love and honey and there is no way I won't be back. The Nashville hot chicken sandwich was the perfect mix of spicy and sweet! The portion was huge for that the price is and the toppings on the sandwich all complimented the chicken perfectly. Planning on bringing my whole family next time to try it!Hot. Crispy. Juicy. Flavorful. These are the four words that describe a great piece of fried chicken.  Listen I come from a lineage of great fried chicken makers and eaters. This was good. The breading was extra crunchy and very flavorful. The seasoning is a smidge different, there are quite a bit of herbs and spices but it wasn't overpowering but definitely different from your standard fried chicken. I am really sensitive to salt and this chicken was salted perfectly, honestly because the chicken is well seasoned the salt was there but not overpowering which is easy to do with fried chicken. They must brine their chicken prior to batter and frying it because the breast was ridiculously moist. The breast was huge and that usually that means the breast is going to be dry, the breast was so juicy and delicious. There seems to be a debate on here about whether they should have whole or split  chicken breast. The breast was huge and I wouldn't have minded if it was split but it didn't take from greatness of the chicken. Maybe they can have option of whole or split breasts for customers. Personally, it's not a huge deal for me but I can see why it might be for some. I think the chicken had honey drizzled on it, I could have used a smidge more, next time I will ask. 
The cornbread was good. 
Parking was fine, I went at a good time and parked right in front. The store is beautiful, bright, and well laid out. From the time I opened the door I was greeted. When I got to the counter I was greeted. The baker was baking and she spoke to me when she heard me contemplating dessert. The lady putting the order together had a convo with me, (may have been one of the owners). Saying all that to say service was super friendly. I went when it wasn't crowded which enhanced my experience.
$9.25 for three pieces of chicken is standard for this kind of chicken. Come on ppl if you want a meal for this price go to one of the fast food chicken places. You have to understand this is a different quality level, a independent business, so complaining about the price makes no sense. Now if it was $12-15 we might have a problem, lol. 
The chicken got three stars, it's very good but I'm super critical when it comes to fried chicken.  It's definitely worth a trip to taste it. 
The extra star comes because of the service and (insert slow clap and a pointed index finger) the SWEET POTATO PIE! OMG, I just took a bite and went to sweet potato heaven. I'm also a expert in sweet potato pie eating, been doing it since birth, and this is probably thee best (please don't tell my family) sweet potato pie I've had. 
Finally, I have a idea for a chicken sandwich. Cornbread toasted with honey butter, boneless fried chicken breast, drizzled with honey and hot sauce. You can call it The Gigi. It's sure to be a top seller.get the honey cornbread muffins!! everything else is just 10/10. Amazing food & service.Stopped by today for the wings. Definitely worth it. 8 whole wings were more than enough for me. Also grabbed some cornbread and a slice of pie. All delicious. Wings are cooked to order so I waited around 15 min. Staff was friendly and as others have mentioned the place is really clean. I'll be back.As a general rule, I do not eat fried chicken. Update: I NOW eat fried chicken--as long as it is Love & Honey Fried Chicken, which I can only describe as "perfect." I also eat greens with smoked turkey and the most amazing cornbread I have ever tasted (and I used to bake cornbread for a living). 'nuf said. PS: I hope you don't like it too much, because I hear they sell out frequently and that would be bad for me.This place is super super amazing. The chicken comes out hot and fresh and crunchy and DELICIOUS. I loved it! I only allow myself to have meat once a week so when I do, I want it to be AMAZING. This was totally what my weekend needed. Would return for sure.When in for lunch one day it took longer because they cook everything fresh to order but it was worth the wait have a chicken sandwich with the spicy coleslaw and it was oh so good I would highly recommendI've been waiting for this place to open since last summer - a place that sells my two of my favorite food groups, fried chicken and pies. After months of waiting, i checked instagram on a whim and voila! When I heard that the grand opening was Friday, I took a cripple and made our way to Front Street. The place was packed at 5:30 PM, only raising our hopes. When we walked in, we were invited by a very quaint, yet modern interior with seating for a handful via the "L" corner table. 
We glanced at the menu and we were pleasantly surprised by the cost, 19$ for 6 pieces of chicken 1 piece of cornbread? But everything is made from scratch and blah blah, so we were willing to deal with the cost. We moved to the pie section of the menu and saw that each slice of pie was $5. A slice of pie. $5. Again, opening day, new experiences, and high expectations made us reason that this was also acceptable..but in reality this was not true.
We ordered the 6 piece and a chocolate pie to share...and sadly we were disappointed. The breading from the chicken broke off immediately and we were greeted by bland chicken meat. We reasoned, maybe we were too used to the high salt of the average American diet, but nay. Every bite we took, we were disappointed because the flavors were there, but it just seemed 5% short on something. We could barely taste the honey in the breading, but thought of it more as a gimmick. We tasted more cooking oil in the breading than the honey or any spices to be completely honest. But it was their grand opening, so we are aware of the stress and things can go more wrong than right.
The cornbread was fantastic; if they had a restaurant that sold just the cornbread I would be all over it. But, I think it's a cardinal sin that the 3 piece and the six piece each only get 1 piece of cornbread. Double the chicken should equal double the cornbread. 
And now, the pies. First of all, there is no apple pie, the classic staple of America. Second, the chocolate pie we ordered didn't have enough chocolate taste. Each bite was like being given a hint of a chocolate, with a suggestion that there might be more chocolate if we dug deeper, but we were only given disappointments. 
Maybe this is why you don't meet your heroes. Maybe this is why you don't go to a restaurant on their grand opening. Maybe we're just picky and tired of the mediocrity that is the Philly food scene which is a lot of hype and lack of follow-through. We probably set our expectations too high, but we experienced a chicken that was too bland and fried a little too long, and a pie that felt like we were eating a chocolate substitute. 
If I could give them a 2.5/5, I would. It's not a 2 but not quite a 3, but it was the grand opening so a 3 is more appropriate considering the circumstances, but we probably won't be back.I don't know what Questlove and all these other reviewers are smoking because this place is not good. I had super high hopes, but what I got was bland, over-breaded chicken. Oddly sweet, with a strong flavor of celery seed, but no other discernible seasoning. They're frying it too hot and too fast so it's almost burned on the outside and flabby on the inside. No point taking 20 minutes frying every piece to order if your finished project isn't as good as a fast food joint. The collard greens were tough and stringy, they needed some more time on the stove. They were out of mac and cheese because they apparently don't know what every soul food restaurant does about how to make a big hotel pan full of goodness. Hint: it shouldn't be saucy. The banana pudding tasted like eggnog. I'm not even sure there was any banana in it at all. This is my worst culinary disappointment in years. Seriously, it's even worse than Wishbone.I wish there was a little more flavor to the chicken. This place is cool on the inside. The Mac and Cheese is okay. Would have loved the use of less creamy cheese. Wouldn't confuse it with southern mac and cheese but it could hold you over in a pinch. All my opinions but, wasn't really as good as the hype.I'll preface this by saying I'm from the South. I've only been in Philly 5 years. I've been impatiently waiting for this place to open and finally got to try it last night. Everything was on point. The fried chicken of course was fabulous but it was the cornbread (which came free with the chicken) that really blew my mind. Add the honey butter and it was simply unmatched by any I've had before. The pie was also excellent... crust was still crispy and chocolate filling wasn't overly sweet. Perfection! Needless to say, I'll be a regular customer. Thanks to the owners for taking such good care of our large group. Great job!On way back from peddlers village and on way to see city sights stopped for a bite 
Normal hard parking in this area 
Found a spot not far away
Fast friendly service tried fried chicken southern potato salad and corn muffin 
Juicy flavorful chicken great fresh potato salad and corn muffin looked longingly at dessert but was to full got very busy after we came in at about 6 worth the ride over the bridge seemed like a lot of nightlife in areaLove this place! The chicken was very crispy and delicious. The buttermilk ranch sauce paired very well with the chicken. Cornbread was also really good with the honey butter. I would definitely order from Love & Honey's again!Headed over to Love & Honey for a late lunch/early dinner and was blown away by how good it was. We ordered a 3 piece, corn bread with honey butter, mac'n cheese, the collard greens and the banana pudding.
Rundown on the food:
The chicken: Most fried chicken is all about the crust. Then after that it's dried out meat and overwhelming sadness. That is NOT the case at Love & Honey. The chicken looks great as we opened the box and it smelled great. The first bite had a great crunch to it, great savory flavor followed by a hint of sweetness from the the honey drizzle. But once I tasted the chicken itself I was blown away by the moist nature of the meat and the outstanding flavor. I could actually remove the skin and just eat the meat and be satisfied...but I'm not an animal. 
The sides: The mac'n cheese was great. Rich and creamy. The collard greens were the star of the two though. They were perfectly cooked and had a great smokey flavor to them...with chunks of smoked turkey. God, they were good!
The corn bread with honey butter: Pure heaven. The cornbread is so moist and flavorful it almost doesn't need the honey butter...but again, I'm not an animal and slathered it all over the corn bread and put it in my dumb mouth.
The banana pudding: So I brought this home and had it later. Good christ is it good. Just so yummy...a cup of creamy goodness.
A beautifully decorated spot with some truly awesome touches makes it stand out in the neighborhood. Everyone has to check out the bathroom which has an awesome mural of Rocky and Mick. Just check it out and don't make it weird. It doesn't have to be weird. 
The service was friendly and courteous. The team at L&H seem to really care about the customer and for me that goes a long way. I really got the feeling here that the customer comes first, something that seems to be a dying practice among some Fishtown business's. 
Anyway I'm definitely going back for more...my cardiologist and his family thank you Love & Honey.I had the Nashville chicken sandwich and was super impressed by the crispness and juiciness of the sandwich! The employees are welcoming and friendly...We will definitely be back and would recommend this place to others!Todd & Laura put the Love & Honey into every inch of Love & Honey Fried Chicken. 
Walking through the door to find friendly smiling faces and an easy to understand menu makes your dining experience that much sweeter. There is no fuss - just damn good Fried Chicken with a crunchy well seasoned crust drizzled with honey... add a little hot sauce for an extra punch.  The homemade slaw with ranch dressing and hint of dill along with the corn bread with honey butter balances your meal nicely. 
I shared a piece of the Apple Crumble Pie and hello, I died and went to heaven with the sweet moist apples layered with sugary and buttery crumble finished with a flakey crust and a dollop of whip cream!
There is no longer a need for the chain fried chicken restaurant... because Love & Honey is serving up the very best!The staff is incredibly friendly and personable. The food is fresh and tasty. There are daily specials including the newly introduced Wings Wednesday where you get 6 whole wings for $8. The blueberry pie is "smack your mama good"!  They're on Caviar delivery list. Place is clean. Lots of nearby parking. Laura spent a year perfecting the pie crust and it shows.I ordered the pound of chicken wings and so sorry i didn't get 2 lbs! My husband didn't get to taste them! Sooo good! The best fried chicken I've tasted! Don't miss out on trying this fresh, crispy, tasty chicken! You won't be disappointed!This was probably the worst fried chicken I've ever tasted. No flavor whatsoever. I'm from the South, and the North just doesn't do soul food, especially fried chicken like we do. I tasted a heavy taste of celery flakes which was not pleasant. All you need for good fried chicken is some seasoned salt and flour, so I'm not sure why they are going through all these changes using celery flakes and whatever else. The hot sauce shouldn't have to flavor your chicken, that should just be icing on the cake, but I had to have hot sauce to flavor every bite. The cornbread was delicious but that's about it. I won't be going back.The chicken and coconut pie were AMAZING! Highly recommend this place.  Some of the best fried chicken I've ever hadHello, this review is long overdue. The chicken that love and honey fried chicken makes is absolutely amazing, I don't care about the price because the chicken is so good. It's fresh chicken made to order and it doesn't sit under the heat lamp. I know you're saying well the price is too high, the price is just right, you wouldn't want A fowl chicken, coming here you get more than just great service you get great camaraderie from the owners and from the staff. I would recommend this place to anyone that loves good crunchy fried chicken. Don't keep it a secret let it be known.This place is awesome! The fried chicken is amazing and their cornbread is even better! Probably the best cornbread I've ever had. If you are hosting your own dinner, go by and pick up a loaf with the honey butter at a minimum. The sides aren't anything that great here but the chicken and cornbread is definitely worth the visit! Also, we had the blueberry pie with fresh whipped cream on top and it was AMAZING. Only thing I would wish for here would be amazing southern style biscuits... A fried chicken biscuit sandwich is something Philly is seriously lacking.Ordered through Caviar, so can't speak to the facility itself, but the chicken was on point. Crispy, crunchy, and not greasy. The taste was even better. Just the slightest touch of sweetness to the coating, really sets it apart, and the homemade ranch dressing is packed with flavor.Incredible from top to bottom. I have NEVER tasted chicken more fresh, juicy and tasty then their chicken. The potato salad was enough to share and incredibly tasty. The deserts are also tasty and home made. If you don't feel hungry after your meal, take it to go, you won't be disappointed.The chicken was really good. Cooked too order, crispy, tender, etc.  For me what makes the difference is knowing it comes from a good farm. I can get fried chicken a lot of places (not necessarily as good as this), but I'm tired of eating food that I actively try to ignore where it came from.
With that out of the way. The chicken was really good. The pickles and the bread, good. The Nashville hot, good. You should be noticing a trend here. It's all really good. And what's better than being a vegetarian? Creating a demand for humane products so that the price comes down enough for people who will never be vegetarians to end up buying the good stuff instead of factory stuff.This chicken is deee-licious! The coating is sublimely crispy with a slightly herbal flavor. The chicken inside is perfectly cooked and is very flavorful even without the skin. The cornbread -- also delicious with nothing else on it-- is served with honey butter. It is like dessert. The collard greens with chunks of smoked turkey is also fantastic. The smokiness of the turkey compliments the bitterness of the greens. Lastly, the owners are super nice and friendly.  If only fried chicken was low in fat and calories, I'd eat there every day.The best chicken ever. If you're in fishtown/northern liberties you NEED to try this stuff.We were there the other day to check out this place. Very excited to try the fried chicken and sides. Unfortunately, the fried chicken had no seasoning. We came home and had to doctor up the chicken, collard greens and potato salad. The sweet potato pie filling was good but the crust was burnt. The restaurant was very clean. We really wanted to like this place but with no seasoning at least salt which was much needed we can't give more than 2 stars.This is my first ever Yelp review... Which I think speaks volumes about this place. The owners and staff were warm and welcoming when we walked in, and the restaurant itself looks great. We got a 6 piece chicken w/cornbread, shells and cheese, and chipotle honey slaw. The chicken is perfectly crunchy and flavorful on the outside and juicy on the inside. The sides were delicious, and the cornbread with honey butter is a dessert itself! Haven't even tried the pie, too full from the amazing chicken. Dangerous that this place is literally steps from our front door!Just AMAZING. Simply no words for how good this place was. We weren't expecting much because there was nothing really around it, but the fried chicken was easily one of the bests I've EVER had in my whole lifeWOW loved this fried chicken! I got delivery and it came in under 30 min which is impressive in itself! Now the chicken! It was SOO crispy and steaming hot when we got it, juicy and delicious! Incredible, huge portions, and very well priced. I WILL be ordering again!! 
PS get extra honey butter for the cornbread ;)I saved up all my cheats for this occasion and it was way better then I expected. The chicken, crispy outside, dripping inside. The corn bread WTF just pop it in your mouth and swallow, add the honey butter, and forget about it. The onion dip was sweet and savory and those homemade chips were scrumptious!!!  Nice job Todd and Laura!!! Thanks for the awesome hospitality!!!!  I can not wait to share with others!!Not a big fan of pickles and ended up eating every single one. The Nashville hot chicken sandwich is the best chicken sandwich I have ever eaten. Will be back for sure.The best fried chicken I've ever eaten. And the hot sauce not only had heat but also had flavor.The chicken is good! The cornbread is delicious! The atmosphere is A1! Desserts are bomb! You can't go wrong coming here! Customer service top notch! Thanks staff for being awesome!Fried chicken perfection! (How did they keep fried breast meat chicken so moist?!?! I don't - or didn't, until now - even like breast meat!)
Potato salad perfection! Honey butter perfection! Get here now - before they sell out, again!First time in - first impressions.  Friendly staff - beautiful clean location.  Chicken portions - HUGE! And bigger was better, crunch crunch fried hard and beautiful moist meat inside.  Collards - delicious, now I don't have to go to Mt. Airy for my fav collards - coleslaw perfect.  Pickles - great accompaniment to the chicken.  and the OHMYGAWD coconut custard pie was probably my favorite of the sides - one is definitely a good share dessert.
The only criticism I have, and it's a light one - seasoning on the chicken is a little light.  I never add salt but I wanted a little brightness (salt type) to the chicken crunch.  Now, tip if you're like me - a little lime squeezed over did the trick.  Will definitely go back again.So. Good. I'm not sure what they added to the batter for the fried chicken, but it is to-die for. Slightly sweet, super crunchy, and the chicken is oh so juicy. May or may not have been the best fried chicken I've ever had. 
I also got one cornbread muffin, but I probably could have eaten like 5 more. So delicious. The consistency was almost like a cake. And let's not even get into the honey butter. I honestly wanted to lick it out of the container.  
I split a piece of the January pie "Elvis Pie" with my friend. It was, of course, amazing too. It is quite a large piece though - I was glad I split it with someone.
Overall, everything I tried was extremely flavorful and beyond yummy. Definitely introducing more people to this place and using that as an excuse to come here a million more times!
P.S. Everyone who works there is insanely nice and friendly too  The atmosphere is just really comfy and happy.I love fried chicken and I'm tired of settling for mediocre when I know my tastebuds deserve better. Love & Honey has the best fried chicken I've ever had the pleasure of consuming and is worth the "journey" from Center City. My group of 6 went in around 3:30pm on a Saturday afternoon. There's not much seating so we squeezed into what space was left at the counter seating along the window. I'm not really a breast woman, so instead of buying the three piece (breast, thigh, and leg with cornbread) I bought two legs and a thigh and cornbread. It turned out to be little pricier buying a la carte, but I know what I like and it's dark meat! The fried chicken is fried to order and it's delicious in every way you can imagine. Crispy, perfectly seasoned breading with a drizzle of honey on top. The cornbread and honey butter is also insanely delicious.  I can't wait to come back for more. 
One tiny wish: Substitutions for the the three piece breast, thigh, and leg combo for those of us who have preferences for white or dark meat.  I'd happily swap out a breast piece for another leg or thigh.This place is great! It's a small restaurant and they only make a few chicken-based dishes. I got the fried chicken sandwich (because I couldn't resist) and it was delicious. The skin was crispy, the meat was juicy, and the slaw was sweet and creamy. It was an amazing dish, but the portion size was on the smaller size (really it's probably fine - I'm just used to gigantic proportions). If I'm in the area - I'd love to come by to check it out again - maybe I'll get more friend chicken this time around.Love this place! The chicken and sandwiches are so good!! And the staff is awesome!!! The owners are so nice, too. I def recommend this place to anyone in the areaThis place is amazing! I try to avoid fried food but was feelin crazy today and my boyfriend suggested we try this place since we recently moved to the area. It seems like fried chicken places have disappointed us in the past, but not only did this place exceed our expectations, but it's one of our favorite places in the area. Incredibly nice staff too! Would absolutely recommend for your fried chicken desires. Corn bread was also fantastic! The chicken was drizzled with honey too and was seasoned very well. We left very very happy!My new favorite chicken spot.  Had it last night and will be back soon to try other sides.  Very friendly people.  I went in and ordered and was told it would be a 15-20 minute wait.  Gave me time to pick up other food for the family, and just like I was told,  was ready when I got back.  The wife "stole" the mac and cheese from me but it was delicious.  If I had one minor complaint it would be that I like my chicken slightly saltier (us latin people slather adobo on our chicken).  But that did not take away from the experience.  I'm more a dark meat eater but this breast,  with how juicy it was, is going to seriously make me question myself.  Best cornbread I ever had also.Literally JUST had my first taste ever.  This is a fantastic establishment that serves up some great fried chicken AND pie!
My only challenge was finding a spot to park but that wasn't going to deter me. Found a spot, walked around the corner and there I was. Upon entry I was warmly greated by one of the owners. The lovely woman behind the counter took my order: 3 piece and a slice of sweet potato pie with a La Croix water. She advised me that it would be about 15-20 minutes. PERFECT...that means made to order.
While I waited I had the pleasure of watching the woman who took my order torch the marshmallow topping (optional) on my pie. Nice.  Also got to see some other pies being made. They all looked good.
Now...the chicken: This chicken is perfectly done. The skin is crunchy with a superb blend of spices. The meat was certainly tasty and juicy! Came with a cornbread muffin and a special butter that was delectible. Next time I'll ask for a small to go container to put some of the sauce in. Several sauce bottles were available if eating in.
The pie was good also. A good sized piece for the price. Tasty. The crust was great as well. 
Looking forward to my next visit so I can sample some of the sides.  Great place with great service, friendly staff and delicious food. Well done.This was probably the best fried chicken I've ever had! Seriously delicious. There was a mild sweetness to the crunchy coating. Staff was cheerful and friendly. I'll make a point to visit again when I'm in the area.I'm so happy to finally meet the amazing owners @loveandhoneyfriedchicken ‍Todd & ‍Laura Lyons. Both of them are also @theculinaryinstituteofamerica alums too!!! The BEST fried chicken I've ever tasted in Philadelphia for sure. It's tender, juicy, moist(even the breast-hands up), and the batter has so much flavor and very very crunchy texture. Trust me.... I savor each biteAs soon as I bit into the meat and hear the crunch of the chicken I was in 9 The warm cornbread with honey butter- one word SUPERB!!! Three onion dip with fresh fried chips ooohhemmmgeee sooo good This won't be the last time you will see me because I will visit often!!! i HEART @loveandhoneyfriedchicken Let's give them the warmest welcome  1100 North Front Street 5pm-9pm or until it sells out#loveandhoneyfriedchicken #TravelwithChefCherryl #CulinaryInstituteofAmericaLove and honey is a great place for a quick pick me up! The staff and overall service is really fantastic. It pains me to give them 3 stars. I grew up eating fried chicken, I've also had fried chicken at some surrounding restaurants in the city and nearby. 
I think if you're into having more of a real honey taste in your chicken - this is perfect. I found the chicken to be too sweet and not crunchy enough for me. The Mac and cheese was good but it was hard not to think I could have made it on my own. 
Again, this is a great place for all the right reasons in regards to service and staff. They have great packaging and I even enjoy the great lengths they go to provide great cage free chicken. 
Good place. Just not the best I've taste in fried chicken.Bf and I have been hunting for our go to fried chicken spot, I think we've found it. 
After an impromptu date night we wanted to check out Love & Honey with our empty stomachs. We debated on ordering so close to closing time but we called and got our 6 piece cooking. 
Holy. Crap. Freshly made to order, perfect crisp, great seasoning. The dark meat had wonderful flavor, the white meat was just as juicy and tender as the thigh. Seriously great chicken. 
We didn't try anything else, yet, but we were very
Impressed with Love & Honey!Small but nice place with their own style of fried chicken, biscuits and a few other options. Not an extensive menu but what I ate was delicious!!! I recommend highly if your in the mood for a quality fried chicken dinner that tastes delicious.
The food tasted high quality and well made, the staff was extremely friendly,  and they told me 8-12 mins for my order and it was ready in 3!  Can't say the speed is always that way but I was impressed.
Try it and support a local business, it was definitely worth it.
Note: right on front street under the EL train, didn't notice a sign so keep your eyes sharp!This chicken is very juicy and the batter is super flakey and crunchy. What hit me immediately when I bit into it is how sweet it is. In addition, there seems to be quite a bit of celery salt. The meat itself is very tender, and I've read that they do an 8-hour brine that is definitely noticeable. 
Solid chicken, just very sweet and expensive. Considering that they source their chicken and make sure that it has no antibiotics and are cage-free, I'll pay for the extra mile.  
Their cornbread is unforgettable. It's sweet and has a moist texture. Make sure you top it with the house honey butter.Their food was great. I rarely say that fried chicken is delicious but it is. The sweet potato pie was delicious as well. And I love me some sweet potato pies. The atmosphere and service was great. I'm definitely going back.Everything was fantastic! Crunchy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Blueberry crumble was awesome! Planned part of my trip to be able to attend the restaurant. 5 stars!This is the best fried chicken place I've been to in Philadelphia. It's located in between northern liberties and fishtown, with plenty of free street parking around the area. The place doesn't have many spots for seating, about 10 bar seats, which is the only downside to the place. But that's it. Everything else is great. Starting from the staff, who's friendly and efficient. The chicken, now the chicken, it's chicken from heaven. The batter is on the thicker side (just to my liking) and is very crispy. Each bite is so crunchy AND juicy. The mac and cheese is also a must choose. The cornbread is moist, though a little crumbly, and the flavor is very good. With the butter they give you it's just the side for the delicious chicken. There are other sides that I'd like to try that was on the menu that all look and sound great. There is a wide selection of bottled drinks and sodas to complement the fried nature of the chicken and it's perfection. I will definitely visit this place again, whether for dine in or take out. If you love chicken, if you love fried chicken.... Go to this place!Was fortunate enough to come here the first day or two they were open. And it was probably the best fried chicken I've ever had. But yelp wants me to keep writing, so here we go. The employees were warm and friendly, and the service was only surpassed by the quality of the homemade pies (and the chicken. Of course.) There are so many fantastic restaurants in Philly, but I expect to find the time for a trip here every time I'm in town.This was by far THE BEST fried chicken I have ever had in Philly! The skin is very crispy and flavorful and soft and moist on the inside. Their corn bread muffins are also amazing topped with their honey butter. If you walk in and place an order, it will take some time before you get your order since they can be pretty busy. It is best to call it in ahead of time before you make your way there! I highly recommend this place and will be returning again.Let me start by being totally upfront with you. I am related to the couple that owns Love & Honey Fried Chicken. I am Laura Lyons' younger sister. But don't stop reading. If you have a sibling than you might understand that I would jump at the chance to criticize my big sister if I could. And while I can criticize her taste in music or the clothes she wears I can NOT find fault with her restaurant or the food she and her husband have created. I am filled with pride for Laura and Todd. I saw the time, energy and love they put into creating Love & Honey Fried Chicken and it was worth all the effort. 
Today I came to visit from Austin, TX - a place known for great fried chicken - to check out Love & Honey with the critical eye of a little sister. Here are a few highlights:
The fried chicken and chicken wings are the best I've ever had. They are juicy on the inside and so crunchy on the outside. The hint of honey made for a delightful flavor. I ate WAY too much of the chicken. Usually I'm a sides kind of gal but I could eat this chicken all day!
The mac & cheese was so creamy and delicious that I actually got angry that Laura and Todd had never made it for me before. 
The Key Lime Pie was so good. Tart in all the right places. I particularly liked the crust. 
I got to taste most everything and really it was all good. The slaw, potato salad, collard greens and of course the cornbread muffins. 
Really, it was all good?? Yes, it was. I couldn't find ANYTHING to criticize? No...and I really tried! I even love their selection of drinks in the cooler. Please check it out. Bring a friend or even your sibling!!Amazing!!!
Sooo this is the best fried chicken in the city in a very long time. Fried chicken drizzled with honey how could you not love that? I had the greens with slices of turkey and the shells and cheese and the potato salad in my opinion try them all!!!! Amelia (I hope that's how you spell it) you Rock girl it was nice meeting you. Ty Keep it going and don't change those recipes I will definitely be back ASAP!Got the 3 PIECE as takeout and it was delish! Came with 1 full breast, 1 thigh, 1 drum, cornbread muffin and honeybutter. My husband got the Nashville Hot Fried Chicken Sandwich and he loved it. He ranked it up there with Royals Hot Chicken in Kentucky. Next time I want to try their pies!!Ok, so I'm made it my personal mission to find the most delicious chicken sandwich in PHL this summer. I won't lie and say I've tried them all - although I've tried, but this bad boy here! Whew! 
The bun is perfectly toasted and buttered. The slaw has this tangy sweet dill thing going for it. The chicken breast is fried fresh, and is super crispy and juicy. Then it's topped with pickles. I usually go for the Nashville hot - it's got a nice kick to it.
they also have corn bread with honey butter.
 *pro-tip*: buy extra and keep them in the fridge for rolls, biscuits, whatever just do it you'll thank me later I promise.Love and honey is a great place for a quick pick me up! The staff and overall service is really fantastic. It pains me to give them 3 stars. I grew up eating fried chicken, I've also had fried chicken at some surrounding restaurants in the city and nearby. 
I think if you're into having more of a real honey taste in your chicken - this is perfect. I found the chicken to be too sweet and not crunchy enough for me. The Mac and cheese was good but it was hard not to think I could have made it on my own. 
Again, this is a great place for all the right reasons in regards to service and staff. They have great packaging and I even enjoy the great lengths they go to provide great cage free chicken. 
Good place. Just not the best I've taste in fried chicken.My first time to Love and Honey. The very first time I attempted to go they were all sold out of chicken and closed early, although discouraging I took it as a good sign that the chicken was just that good. However, upon actually getting the chance to sample the fare I was a bit underwhelmed. I got the three piece meal which came with a leg, thigh and breast and corn bread. The chicken portions were decently sized but I was a bit disappointed that the meal didn't come with at least one more side for the price. The chicken itself was just ok..lightly drizzled in honey it wasn't bad just nothing to write home about. My GF got some mac and cheese and to be honest it was almost completely devoid of flavor. The best thing I thought was the corn bread and the butter they provided. Pretty good. Also the seating really is sparse so if crowded good luck sitting down and they do require you to ask for a key to use the restroom which for that area of the city was a bit baffling to me. Overall I would not discourage anyone from coming here..its decent chicken just not super amazing or anything. Oh the customer service was very good though. Nice folks.***Must try!!!!!***
Don't hesitate to come the palace of fried chicken.  The hype is real here.  One of the best fried chicken I have ever had.  This place made me enjoy white meat!!!  Take a trip and taste the food, you will understand how I'm feeling.  
It's a small place. But the chicken is to die for. Fresh made to order chicken.  $10 for 3 pieces (breast, thigh and leg) and cornbread no substitutes.  The Chicken was done in about 15 min.  It was piping hot and fried to perfection.   The skin was so crispy and the flesh of the meat was so juicy as I broke it open the juice was flowing out.   The message was also very flavorful. U can tell this place puts love in the chicken.   I ate all three pieces plus half of the cornbread.  And I felt like a kid on Christmas day. So happy and satisfied with joy. That I found such a delicious piece of fried chicken. 
 The chicken is also drizzled with some honey.  I would tell them to put the honey on the side next time. I like my chicken salty.  But it was still delicious.  I will be coming back for more.  And they also Have chicken sandwiches that looked amazing as well.
They also have handmade pies. I haven't tried them out but they looked amazing!!!Maybe I got a burnt batch but I'd probably go 2 1/2 stars on the chicken. A little too dark for my tastes. I opted to not have the honey poured over it. My co-worker and I went together for takeout. He wasn't overwhelmed either. I'd probably pick Federal and Acme's pressure cooked chicken over them. The collard greens were very good and the chocolate cream pie was tasty as well. 
After looking at photos of their chicken on line I'm convinced I got a burnt batch-I'll have to be fair and try it again some time. I'll stay with a solid 3 for now.The fried chicken was good, but a little too sweet for my liking. It was crispy, which was a plus and the corn bread muffin was delicious.Kept hearing about this place, heard good things about the chicken and Mac and cheese. Got there and the cashier told me the Mac and cheese was took off the menu that's what I really came for! Chicken still was good. Just think they should bring back the Mac and cheese or add some type of hot side to the menu. Very nice staff tho, clean inside and super cute store!! Loved the chickenAll I wanted was mac and cheeses so I stopped in and I came out with the wings, potato salad and corn muffins. The mac is not offered right now. I am by far a fried chicken expert. In fact, I dont even eat meat regularly, but they mastered fried chicken in my book! The meat actually fell off the bone. I have never had fried chicken that did that. The breading was perfect and crispy. No noticeable "bald spots". That is what I call parts of the chicken where the breading fell off and it is naked. I didn't use any sauces, just the honey and that worked for me. My co-worker and I are now in a bet to see if this place is better than his favorite place.  This should be fun! 
Definitely plan to come back.i saw this place on uwishunu and talked my husband into taking the subway up to Girard, it was a very short walk from the station.  boy was it good.  best fried chicken I've ever had! and the pesto potato salad was good too.  we will have to remember this one for when friends are in town.  I would highly recommend seating is barstools in the windows but worked just file.Cornbread and honey butter was out of this world and the chicken was it's passenger on the ride.Great fried chicken and mac and cheese I would recommend this spot if your in the areaMy husband and I just love this place.
 Today we tasted the chicken sandwiches for the first time and they were wonderful.  Just the right combination of everything on it.  The potato salad is great too.
  We took home the sweet potato pie with the toasted marshmallow on top.  That was delicious. In the past we have had the banana cream and that was great too.
  Like we told the owner, as soon as we have been there we start planning a return visit !
  Everyone is super friendly and you will love everything they have !I really wanted to like this place but, its way to expensive for the food you get.  The fried chicken is legit.  Definitely ranks up there as high quality friend chicken but, at $5 sides that are "meh" at best is makes this place really disappointing.  I spent $20 on 3 pieces of chicken a large cornbread muffin and 2 sides.  I'm not saying I need a bucket of chicken but, the price is way too steep for most people.  The mac n' cheese while presented nicely, had a strange flavor to me, I wanted to like it only took a few bites.  And the collards, were extremely underwhelming especially if you know how collards "should taste."  Overall, I don't think I'll go back but, its always nice to try to support local when you can.