This place is pretty nice.  A little pretentious, but isn't just about any indie coffee shop these days. Here's why 3 stars.  THEY CLOSE AT 6PM. EVERYDAY! What?? Why??? You are telling me on 40th street in West Philly they don't see that they would have enough business to stay open later than 6??!?!!? Why??????? So obnoxious.I have only made one stop at Lovers and Madmen so far, but it provided me with an A-OK biscotti and cup of green tea while I killed some time before a meeting at UPenn.    The cafe was at low occupancy midafternoon, and the man at the counter was very friendly when taking my order.  I like the attention to detail in using different water temperatures for different types of tea.  It really makes a difference, and very few places do this.  The tea was awesome, the biscotti was good, I had room to spread out and review my papers, and the bathroom was clean.  It was everything I could have wanted for that particular hour of my life.  I'll happily stop in the next time I'm in the neighborhood, and I suspect I just might become a fan - Yay!
While I went with tea on my first visit, I was pleased to see that Counter Culture is their coffee supplier - delicious coffee with a side of social and environmental responsibility.3.5 stars.
The biggest appeal(s) for this place is their cozy colorful interiors- comfy couches and wifi! 
Coffee is ok, their quiche is good. The pre-made baked goods are fine too, but nothing too special.I guess they are making an effort, but the creaky tables make my (kind of small and pricey) cup of coffee spill.  It seems a little conflicted between being a hub for plastic people and trying to be a cool/comfortable place to chill out.  Maybe once it gets worn in a little more, it will have a better atmosphere, but right now it just feels too deliberate.
The hours are pretty weak as well.
Just another sub-par West Philly coffee shop.  Welcome to the club.With a staff that looks and sounds like they where taken straight from the scenes of Criminal Records, Lovers & Madmen is a place that has enough appeal to be the next Starbucks but is cool enough to stay local. With a helpful staff, couches, and great food this is the place you and your friends should hang out at to discuss the lyrical styling of Radiohead. However, you probably should just order and sit back and relax. By the way the coffee isn't bad either.I enjoyed their French press coffee and the space was always bright and clean. Sometimes the music wasn't my favorite but it was a really coffee shop. I'm sad that it is closed.S/O to the green haired barista with the bangin' latte art! Both cups of coffee that I had looked amazing and tasted great. I will definitely be going back soon.I could have sworn a wrote a review already for Lovers & Madmen, but it seems I must not have...
In any case, Lovers & Madmen is a great coffeeshop. It is definitely more of the 'sit and linger' than 'grab and go' as most of the people are sitting on laptops or quietly reading a book. In terms of the coffee itself, the mocha is the best I've ever tasted, and what I've compared every mocha since. Yes-it's expensive, but it's worth it.
As for the sandwiches, they're not super special but they're good if you just want a bite. A couple of people I know think they're insanely overpriced, but honestly, you know you'll be paying more for L&M when you walk in the door, so I truly don't think it's super expensive.I spent last summer in Seattle and one thing I missed dearly when coming back to Philly was damn good coffee. Luckily, Lovers and Madmen has exactly that: damn good coffee.
They have one of the best lattes in the area (I have yet to decide which is *the* best between L&M, Hub Bub, and Gia Pronto). They're a little pricey ($3.50 for a latte), but they use very high-quality ingredients and their coffee is extremely consistent. Plus I firmly believe you can taste the staff's love and passion in the coffee (or maybe that is the happy pills they add to the coffee grounds?). And they use those super cool double-walled Bodum cups that I wish I had myself!
The vibe at L&M is very warm, cozy, and friendly. The blue couches and trunk table make it feel homey and encourage communal conversation (or at least some juicy eavesdropping). The TV is usually playing Planet Earth or some other video that I use to distract myself from studying. I'm also a fan of the bathroom. White toilets are so mundane....their black toilet is a nice change from the everyday.
I like the staff at L&M. They are quirky - but not in the standoffish hipster way of some of the other neighborhood coffee shops. The baristas are very friendly and make a genuine effort to chat and get to know the customers. This week, I went in to study for a few hours and was observing a new barista getting trained. This really sold me on the place. The way the manager spoke to him about the coffee conveyed a tremendous respect for the artistry and finesse involved in making that perfect shot of espresso. Plus I am a serious sucker for latte art.
In terms of food, they have a good selection of made-to-order sandwiches. Their quiches are also great. And although I haven't tried them, the cookies look fabulous. I overheard the barista talking to someone about them and she said she wouldn't date anyone who wouldn't eat desserts because it meant they didn't have a sweet spot in their hearts. Ladies and gentlemen, that's pretty solid advice. Plus now I have an excuse to eat more cookies!great place to study and definitely a gem in west philly / penn area. it has character and it's quirky. the drip coffee is not really worth it though. pay the extra $1 and get their hand pour!Awesome soy latte and served with a smile. . This is a really nice coffee bar. I tend to order old school pour over or French press but today I wanted to be different and had never been there before. . Worth a visit back next time I'm in townNever stepped foot inside, but I gave then 5 stars ... Read the short story to find out why!
Me and a friend were yelping to find the hot reviews, so we chose this spot.  I failed to look at the hours -- come to find we arrive moments after closing.  In peaking inside, the waitress catches us and comes out saying.. "we're closed, but you guys look hungry.... how about some bagels on the house".  We looked at each other and were like... "are you serious", yeah... sure....   she went inside, and in less than 2 minutes, had a bag of goodies for us that were awesome!  
Bottomline - this is what good business is like.  This is what service is about, customer friendliness -- this is how you run a business.  Why?  Because of that little incident I now hold our weekly functions there bringing in 25 people, spending each 20 bucks -- guaranteed for a lifetime, not to mention all the word i pass around, and my trying to convince you yelpers that this is the place for great service, drinks, and food!I went into Lovers and Madmen the other day to sit down and get some coffee, and had not a single positive aspect to the experience. I sat down at a table before ordering to take off my jacket and text a friend. Less than a minute after sitting down, the barista came over with a foul and rude attitude, and told me that I had to buy something to sit at a table. It was apparently unacceptable to sit down for a second without giving them my money.
I then ordered a very overpriced tea, and the barista again gave me attitude. Look out for him: he is a rubenesque (fat) guy with a slight lisp. I had to wait 20 minutes for the tea even though there couldn't have been more than 5 people there. The jerk barista didn't really seem to be in a hurry; I heard him talking on his phone in the back while I waited. When it came, the tea was luke-warm. When I asked if I could have it hotter, the guy sighed dramatically and rolled his eyes.
I will not be going back again, mostly because of how rude the barista was.Lovers & Madmen is a great place to go and get some work done while having some coffee or tea or lunch. I love going here because undergrad Penn students generally stay away so I don't keep getting distracted by friends. They have couches if you want to be cozy or chairs and tables and plenty of outlets. I would recommend the turkey brie and cranberry sauce sandwich for lunch. They have nice seasonal drink specials and a good selection of teas but the only problem is that they are a bit overpriced. Also, they close at 6 so you can't go here for late night work even though I would much prefer this to a chain place like Starbucks.2 star only cuz cafe itself is nice little place with interesting decor! Only thing I didn't like is sanitary at this place and time u have to wait, until u get your coffee! it takes little while! 
 About sanitary, after finally getting your coffee u go straight to stand with milk and sugar! here u go flies buzzing around METAL spoon! used and clean almost looking the same! I decided not putting milk or sugar! after that picture over there! Need to improve little faster service and put away your metal spoons!Terrible service and quite possibly the worst cappuccino I've ever had. Walking in, instead of acknowledging the customer, I had to flag the barista down. When asked about their hand poured coffee, I was given the three bags if coffees they were offering. No suggestions, no description of each. The cappuccino was pulled for too long and there was no foam. It was basically a latte. What a bummer.I work right around the corner from this place, and I am grateful for that.  It's such a relief to have a cute local place to go when I am falling asleep at my desk.  There's a 5 dollar credit card minimum, so ( oh darn)  i HAD to get that raspberry scone... Let me tell you.  They warmed it up for me and I tried to control myself and save some for snack time later in the day.  To no avail.  It was really buttery and had whole fresh raspberries in it.  Sigh.  I wish I had the money and metabolism to support a daily trip here.  The art on the walls was really good, lots of natural light and the music was JUST the right volume- audible but quiet enough that those looking for a place to work will be able to hear themselves think.  I shall return.This place is nice. It's known to be crowded at times, but when I went at around 5 PM on a weekday to meet a friend, it really wasn't bad. The seating is comfortable and cozy, with couches and chairs to get your work done or just to sit and talk. The menu is not very extensive, but I enjoyed my iced coffee. (Side note: why is iced coffee always more expensive than regular? Isn't it just old coffee, chilled and mostly ice anyway?) My companion got some sort of fancy coffee beverage but she didn't like it. 
I hate to take off a star for this because it's not necessarily the fault of this cafe, but why isn't there an area coffeehouse that's open past 6? Some of us like to continue the caffeine-flow past senior citizen bedtime.Spent a rainy afternoon here.  Lots of light.  Pleasant staff.  Food's not bad.  Cafe seems comfy and chill, but I wish they had more couches.If I lived here, you bet your God-fearing tush I'd be here every day. The drinks are generously sized and cheap, the pastries and other nibbly things are delectable, and the music is great -- perfect volume for either paying attention or ignoring it to work. At first, I was thinking, "Elliott Smith in a coffee shop. How innovative." But then they put on Cat Power. Not that she's not predictable coffee shop tuneage, but it's a little more interesting (and less depressing) than good ol' Elliott. Clean, well-lit, and cozy. Perfect place to spend a morning... or afternoon... or both. My only gripe? They close at 6pm. A coffee shop closing at 6pm? It's not like it's in a small town; this is a freaking major city! And a coffee shop, for chrissakes!! Night owls need a place to perch! I guess it's just gotta be someplace else past dinner time.The coffee is good, the staff is friendly and the environment is peaceful. I just wish they had slightly longer hours.L&M serves some beautiful lattes and their collection of teas are lovely, but there is not a whole lot of variety in the menu, as far as food. Plus, I find it a bit overpriced for what it is. This is one of the nicest cafes close to UPENN and Drexel and it definitely has its own personality, missing from on campus cafes. But it is nothing overwhelmingly special and I can think of others in the area that offer better selection and value.Everytime I have ever been here, someone on staff has been exceptionally rude to me. I wonder, from where stems the deep pretention? I was thrown out for bringing in an almost empty to go cup from neighboring Green Line (superior in all aspects)
Boils down to overpriced and not worth the barista-tude.Loved this place! 
For a year, I went to school at the Jean Madeline across the street, making this coffee shop mighty convenient. I fell in love with the fact that they have tables and chairs in front of the window. There have been multiple occasions that I have studied for a test and people watched (totally not creepy at all!) I fell in love with their bagels too! However, their coffee is just okay. It gets you through the day but isn't something you crave on a regular basis.
I do agree with some helpers about the customer service. However, it really is dependent on who is working that day. For example, there is one woman there (tall, long brown hair) that is very nice. 
I would recommend this place to anyone that is in a rush for a quick breakfast or for a quick study session.Now that I've finally achieved Dukedom, I feel it's as appropriate a time as ever to write my review. Lovers & Madmen is a great coffee shop in an area surprisingly void of great coffee shops. You'd think being in an area surrounded by young, aspiring minds (see also: hipsters, coffee elitists) there be a larger pool to choose from.
Regardless, L&M is a solid place to get your caffeine fix. They use Counter Culture beans which I'll admit, is far from my favorite, but they find a way to brew it surprisingly well (french-pressed). Though they seem to get a lot of in-and-out traffic, there is a great seated area complete with about a half dozen two-chaired tables, and a cozy area in the center with three couches. It's not a surprise to see most of the seating filled with students hunched over their laptops or text books. When I find the time to slip away from work for more than a few minutes I'll grab a copy of PW and hang out with a pour over (one of the better I've had, and the only place this far west I can find a cup).
I've only had the chance to eat here once, but back in the day when I indulged in eggs (I'm not a vegan by choice, blame my mom for passing down high cholesterol) I had a slice of their quiche, and damn was it good. They even give you a small side salad. It's all made in house, and if I remember correctly was all-organic. When I've gone in with my friend in the past he's tried a small selection of the wraps and each time has walked away happily satisfied.
Overall this place is a god send to the UC area. Skip the Wawa and 7-11 crap, and pay a bit extra for some real coffee in a welcoming environment. You won't be disappointed.This is one of the first coffee shops I ever visited in Philadelphia and I wasn't terribly impressed at the time.  Now that I live nearby and walk by them every day to and from work I have stopped in several more time and been just as disappointed as the first.  It's cute.  The staff isn't exactly unfriendly, but I've never had a lot of warmth and you can wind up waiting a long time even without anyone in line in front of you.  They don't volunteer information about their products, and forget things like giving you a lid for your to go drink so that you have to stand there and ask for one (and sometimes it takes a while to get the attention of the one staff person even though they literally just gave you your drink).
Their espresso is way too expensive for the mediocre quality and the milk is always over steamed.  I would try their food more, except it's way too expensive.  I just can't afford it and the only time I did get a sandwich I actually thought it was pretty bad.  Kind of slimy lunchmeat and bland everything else.  The last time I stopped in just for a cup of coffee to escape the cold and wound up once again feeling like it was over priced and poor quality.  On top of all that it somehow manages to usually be annoying crowded.
I give two starts instead of one because I do still sometimes go here out of sheer convenience, but if it was out of my way out all I never would.The service here is so friendly that it is a joy to stop in on my way to work when I make the occasion. 
This is the only coffee shop in the area that has freshly brewed Chai tea. Get a Chai tea latte, you won't be sorry. The regular drip coffee is my favorite in West Philly by far. Soy milk is available upon request. 
It is cash only, and regular coffee is currently $2 for a small, $2.50 for a large.Had my first stop in here today. Cozy with lots of natural sun light and couches. 
A few things that would make this place even more awesome:
1. More tables. Couldn't get a table on a Friday morning. Bleh.
2. Better pastry options. Man those croissants and muffins looked sad... 
3. A clearer "special" coffee menu. I LOVE the fact that there are wacky drinks like the Milky Way (caramel, chocolate latte) but I had no idea what those were. I felt like a newb. 
Overall, the people were nice, the place was adorable, and my cutely decorated Milky Way drink was a delightful caffeine fix for a Friday. Woot.
Latte + chocolate croissant came out to about $6 + tax.
All in all a 3.5. Would be happy to give it a 4 star rating once I come back and try out something else!
Edit: Really unhappy that when I came here to get work done, a bunch of annoying hipsters took over the cafe for an hour to "film something". They took over my table (with my stuff on it!) and apologized saying it would take 10. I sure hope they're not college kids, because 10 min does not equal 60 minutes. Multiple people were trying to get tables, and the staff didn't seem to notice at all. Yeah. I don't want to be the tattle tale, but they shoudl've noticed and next time the staff should do something because it's just rude.Alright, so the coffee is good. I'm a sucker for gimmicky latte's so I've been drinking the Milky Way latte (why not, it's cute and I like cute things). I just edited this post to change what appear to be a drunk yelp review. Either way, you get my point. To compete with the only other coffee close to UPenn, one has to get creative and draw in new business. Give the fancy rich kids fancy coffee, so they don't all flee to the corporate chain coffee shops. 
The atmosphere is cute. Unlike the other coffee spots in the area, it offers couches, with plugs embedded in the floor. Smart idea, until someone trips over your plug. The food looks appetizing but I have to eat it. 
I'm just loyal the PV Greenline. :[Decent coffee place. Very relaxing. Take a book, take your laptop, take whatever you like, ask for a cup of coffee you like, maybe with some croissant, and enjoy a great afternoon:)This place is everything you want from the kind of coffee shop where you can sit and study/ have a cute date/ relax for an afternoon. 
Beautiful baristas. Awesome artwork. Lovely lattes. Comfy couches. Finger-lickin' good food. This is the best place to spend a few minutes or an entire day. 
Go here go here go here go here!This is not a real review, because I haven't really tried this place out yet.  I just wanted to post some notes.  Plus: Many, many electric outlets, some in the floor, carefully near the sofas.  This is a place that really wants you to come and sit around for hours with your laptop.  Minus: soggy raspberry scone costs $4.
Addendum 2009-06-29: I still haven't really been here, but I stopped in today while my wife got coffee.  The whole shop, including the bathroom, is spotlessly clean and beautiful.
Addendum 2009-08-24: Coffee's good.  Atmosphere is lovely.  But I wish they had more food and less expensive food.  I see that the scones went down to $3.75.  But City Paper described them as "soggy as a wet sponge", so I'm not the only one who thinks so.So it's a little pricey. You know why? They are brewing ACTUAL COFFEE! I'm a *huge* Counter Culture fan and they sure know how to make a cup of it. The coffee is always so strong and delicious and the people who work there are so nice. It takes a couple visits for them to get to know you but then they are so friendly. The food is pretty good but perhaps a tad expensive for what it is. 
Hands down the best iced coffee in University City (I say this after extensive research on the subject). 
Be sure to get a frequent visitor card - the 10th cup is free!Consistently understaffed and overpriced, and their hours are inconvenient. Their staff are friendly but there are never enough people working to handle the register, coffee, and the kitchen (there's usually one or two people). It earns a star for having a nice environment but most days I'm willing to walk a few blocks west for faster service at a better price.French pressed counter culture coffee and ample power outlets make this my favorite cafe in the area. Usually fairly quiet as well-- can occasionally be a problem to get a seat though, but it's nice as a meeting spot and the coffee makes working here a pleasure.I love lovers and madmen! Their coffee is excellent and the ambience is amazing. I usually like to set myself up by the windows and soak in the sun. Their food is also quite amazing - especially their quiche. They also carry some gluten free dessert options. The staff isn't super friendly, but that's not really a problem.It was about time that UCity got a non ubiquitous chain coffee shop closer to campus.  
Came here a lot when it first opened and they have really evolved beyond just a cafe with great espresso & pastries. 
Reasons to love Lovers & Madmen:
1. BAM! That espresso will definitely give you the spark you need! 
2. Baristas have consistently delivered some of the best foam in my cappuccino.
3. Four Worlds Croissants = HEAVEN. Actually all of their pastries are good but I'd do just about anything for those croissants. 
4. Their tea & tea lattes are surprisingly legit aka well-brewed & flavorful. I recommend their Vanilla Chai (Soy/Dairy are both good)
5. Great space & bright clean decor. Comfy couches that are great to snug up for a read. 
6. L&M has and have been proactive in trying to nurture a community culture vibe. They offer film nights & art exhibits/events. Not sure if they still do this but they used to have Latte Art Offs - where anybody who wanted to show off their Latte Art skills could compete. 
The only big issue I have with L&M is that their wifi is finicky / hates my Macbook.  It refuses to connect and I've done almost everything under the sun to try to work it out. Nothing to divorce over but we've separated a bit since ... 
They are a bit pricer but I'm willing to fork it over =)If you want the best latte around the University City area, this is where you should go.  A cup isn't cheap, but it's at a nice environment where you can hang out or study.Very cozy atmosphere and cute decorations! They have a very extensive menu of fresh, loose leaf teas, that can all be made into lattes and sweetened with sugar syrup. The seating is pretty limited and taken up primarily my college students, so you might have to wait a while or sit on stools before a table or couch opens up. It seems like a very nice place to study (good music choices)! I personally got the matcha tea latte and found it to be really good :) Service was great as well since the barista forgot to make my first drink with soymilk and quickly made me another. Would definitely come back!Lovers and Madmen has slowly become my go-to coffee shop whenever I need a nice place to read a book or get some work done.  
You have already seen that this place has a $$ rating, and this is accurate. The Lattes are a tad on the pricer side at 3.50 (edited as Megan P. below gave me the right price), but I would never recommend a latte here: the espresso quality is very high, so the capuccino, macchiato or espresso are the way to go.  They french press all their coffee, and their coffee is very nice.  
When it comes to staff, it doesn't get more entertaining or enjoyable than the standard staff.  They are personable, fun and playful.  You will regularly see them dancing to the music that they will have playing either via pandora or on one of their iPods.  You get a good understanding of what this place is from their music, play La Roux, Imogen Heap, Deathcab etc, they like their alternative, but are not ashamed/too elitist to play some pop or oldies.
The internet is typically good. Only a few friends of mine have had issues. Every once in a while, some jerk will hog the bandwidth and then the internet goes down, but it's very rare.  Overall it works really well.
Despite being one block away from the corner of Penn's campus, a majority of Penn undergraduates tend to stay at Saxby's, lending Lovers and Madmen freedom to achieve its own identity, filled with an eclectic group that is pretty friendly.
Only drawback I have is that it closes early at or around 7pm each day, so be sure to get there early if you have a collection of work that you need to get done.  Otherwise, go there, get a macchiato (2.50 give or take a quarter) sit down, and bang out a paper on your computer.  Oh, and if you're down for minute-long procrastination, the plasma tv always has some Planet Earth equivalent on for your to stare at a panda for a bit.This is a great space - beautiful interior, lots of natural light. There's free wifi and it's a good study environment. But the hours are lousy. I only found out after I got my drink that they close at 6, like they're in the suburbs or something.Agreed about the heat in this place, the AC wasn't running when I visited and it was starting to heat up. Not a good idea when there's coffee and laptops everywhere. Anyway, I just ordered a small Milky Way Latte with extra shot which was DELICIOUS but also cost me about $6.Passing Lovers & Madmen, I was eager to try out one of the cafes that were highly praised in the recent Inquirer list of Philadelphia coffee houses.  The fact that this "Coffee Lounge" serves Counter Culture roasts is an immediate plus (this Durham, NC roaster is one of the best in the country).  
Coming in, I felt like I entered an Apple computer store - all (ear-plugged) patrons were fully focused on their screens, a sole PC user was hiding in a corner, as if banned in shame for not owning an Apple.  This in itself was not bothersome, as a matter of fact, I enjoyed the library-like silence in the cafe - that is until the woman next to me skyped with a friend that must have been an extremely interesting conversation partner, judging from the shouting and braying that ensued at the next table.  
As for the coffee:  a double-shot cappuccino was served with so much milk, it tasted like a latte macchiato (this happens in half the coffee bars in Philadelphia).  I ordered a second one with a tenth of the milk - it was very good and served in those lovely heat-proof cups.   By that time, the shouting next to me had reached stentorian levels and I needed to leave, missing the chance to try some of the good-looking pastries.Nice spacious sitting area with plenty of tables, chairs and sofas/love seats. Their bacon & onion quiche was actually better than I expected and the drip coffee was pretty good too. It got a little warmer by the window as the day progressed but overall was a nice place to get a bite of breakfast, cup of coffee, and read a little. A little pricier than other coffee shops, but they definitely also have some more space (including sofas) than others in the city.I knew I would love this coffee shop the moment I walked by. It took a couple tries during my trip to finally make a visit, and it was the morning before my flight (phew!). 
I ordered an iced coffee and my friend ordered a latte that came in an awesome Bodum double-walled cup (totally made me regret not ordering a hot drink). Somewhat higher prices for their drinks, but it makes up for it in the quality & the vibe of the cafe. Very airy space, lots of tables for studying, but I just watched Animal Planet on TV as I chilled with my friend.
Seriously, this place is the epitome of what I like about independent coffee shops--wherever they are! Plus, how can you get any better than the name?Decent coffee shop.  Very cozy atmosphere!  Cash-only unless you spend enough money (I don't remember how much).  It was pretty crowded when a colleague and I stopped in for a quick coffee break, but it was still nice and quiet.Just spend the day here working and studying.  The environment is very chill and no one cares how long you sit here and take up space.  The middle of the day got a little busy and noisy, but it only lasted about half an hour.  Coffee is really good and refills are just $1.  The roasted veggie and goat cheese sandwich was also pretty tasty.  I'll definitely come back here again!Seems like they're settling in here, and I'm glad to see it.  
Coffee is quite good.  Cappuccinos are frothy-wonderful!  Not that I'm a big drinker, but clearly they know what they're about.  And don't I just feel like such a dandy sitting there.  I'm not the fanciest guy by any stretch, but the place feels really excellent.  Nice tall ceiling, tall windows, lots of light.  Not overrun by students.
I can really sit back at this place.  Alone or with another human is fine.
Sandwiches are very good.  Quiche is so nice.  Need more normal teas on the menu, however what they have is quite good.  For what you get, I'm happy with what I'm paying.I've passed this coffee shop daily for about 2 years and stopped in on Thursday morning. I wasn't pleased with the drink. I ordered a Latte that had so much milk that my drink was cold. In addition, more expensive then my normal Latte I get from another, bigger-named coffee spot. 
The store itself is nice. I doubt if I will go back if I HAVE to have coffee. The people that work there are nice, also.The best thing about Lovers and Madmen is that it has actually become a destination for crazy women, one of whom is already quite the surly morning fixture. I can only hope for her sake this influx will in turn attract more madmen and/or lovers.
I prefer early mornings for L&M. If you come later in the day you might find yourself competing for a table with boringly sane college students on laptops.
Decent coffee. Good croissants. Nice baristas.Lovers and Madmen is adorable. It can be crowded (usually folks working away on the free wi-fi), but I've almost always been able to find *somewhere* to sit.  It's really sunny inside during the day and they have outlets *in the floors,* both of which are awesome.
A few things I don't love: the food options are very limited unless you're interested in spending about $8 on a sandwich. The coffee is similarly expensive, although they will give you a discount on refills, which is cool. The service is also touch-and-go. Everyone has been friendly, but they seem to get backlogged pretty quickly and it takes a while for orders to be ready. 
All in all, atmosphere beats food and price. This would be a cute place for a "let's meet for coffee" first date, but it's not a place I'd go back to again and again.Good place. They serve different Counter Culture coffees and the baristas are very good. They also offer cookies, brownies, and what not. The atmosphere tends to be a bit claustrophobic and it's be nice if the hours were better.They have a 5 dollar min for credit card which was inconvenient. The baked goods are yummy. Staff weren't exactly that most amiable people but cant really discount them for that. The space is nice but the couches could be better..Nice placr, cool vibe, a selection of vegan eats (+)..however I felt very unwelcome upon entering ..it was like 745..2 other people ahead of me ( they were together)..i was not greeted upon entering , nor was I asked to wait a minute or anything..i was outright ignored until she finished their order. Then she said something to me and was so very nice and personable to me. While I was being waited on someone else came in; she ignored them just as she had done to me...very odd .. If I wasnt so desperate for caffeine I would have walked out.. extra star purely due to the free wifiI'm not sure how I didn't know this existed until today, but it's a really nice little coffee shop on 40th. I came here with a friend after eating out. 
We had great service and our coffee was fantastic. I got a soy latte and it was rich and nutty. We also tried the almond biscotti and it was pretty good.
The atmosphere is comfy, but I definitely recommend it more for studying than for chatting. We were the only people really talking, and so we kept our voices low. We probably should have chosen another café with more ambient noise so as not to disturb others. Sorry, everyone else who got the memo that this was the "quiet" café!
The above paragraph is not a criticism, but just FYI. I'd go back if I needed a place to work, but I'd choose another café to visit with a friend.Nice place -- lots of big open windows, comfy couches, a bunch of tables, no shortage of outlets, free internet/wifi, and delicious coffee (I had a redeye).  I only hope I have more occasion to be in University City in the morning so I can come back here!I pass this coffee shop everyday on my way to work. Whenever I have gone in I have ordered a small coffee (to get me through past midday). Their coffee is wonderful and strong. The employees are always so nice. And I got my first chocolate brownie (gluten free). It was delicious! Gooey, soft, and just plain awesome. Next up on my list- salad and a latte!I'd be back here. My brother and I sat and hung out here for a little bit one afternoon, they had a decent tea selection and the pastries looked pretty good. The prices were reasonable and the shop had a nice decor.Just tried this little neighborhood coffee shop--really cute and sweet, as are their staff. I didn't get to try the pastries, but they looked delicious--including the ginormous chocolate chip cookie the size of my head displayed. 
 I got the iced coffee--a little more expensive than Starbucks at $2.75 a glass, buuut it was tasty.We, a lover and a madman, had an opportunity to try exactly one place in Philadelphia before our flight. Cosmic coincidence drove us to try this establishment which clearly fit our personalities perfectly. We are glad we did!
Our quiches were the most fluffy and well made we've had in a long while. The espresso did its magic and we were energized for the flight ahead. 
We look forward to returning!Best cup of coffee you will get in West Philly. The counter girl flopped two bags of coffee on the counter and asked which one I wanted dripped. Doesn't get fresher than that.West Philly cafes, take note. Lovers & Madmen has the right recipe for chai. Loose chai is loving packed into a tea bag, then knotted and tossed into the milk frothing cup. After the milk (soy or moo, as you please) is hot, the cup is covered and the chai steeps into a glorious, mellow cup of creamy heaven. Now all L&M needs is a few gluten-free baked goods and I can bump them up to 5 stars!I try so hard to avoid Starbucks in favor of random trips to disappointing overpriced indie coffee shops, but Lovers and Madmen (with a name like that how could it not be good) totally delivers. And by that I mean its actually good! 
The coffee is delic, the baristas pull their shots and know how to foam milk, good tunes are always playing, and free wi-fi!! 
My only complaints- drinks are unpredictable- some baristas make the best iced mochas Ive had in the city, others not so much. Disappointing food- sandwiches are meh and cupcakes range from super awesome to super dry...And seats are kind of rough- Its hard to slip into a nice wooden chair. After a few hours of working on a paper here I felt like an arthritic 90 year old in serious need of ben gay and motrin...i still love this place and happily return time and again.Went here the other morning and was honestly excited to have a good cup of coffee. It was right around the corner from where I was staying do I went for breakfast on a Saturday morning. I ordered a regular coffee because I was not in a latte mood and a blueberry muffin. The wife got a tea and banana muffin. First, the barista was very rude and unattentive, she looked at us like we did not belong there. We ordered and got our stuff. I went over to the sugar and cream station where I had to remove the cream pots to get to the sugar because it was stuck underneath the shelf. The atmosphere is what you would expect from a coffee house, big old comfy chairs and little tables. It was missing something though, maybe it was too bright? That could just be my preference but I like when a coffee house is just a little darker than it is outside. As for the muffins we ordered, they were not good AT ALL. They seemed like they were taken right from a fairly cold fridge so they had an odd texture that I don't find desirable in baked goods. As for the coffee, I expected better. It was bitter but I'm not sure if bitter is the right word. Good coffee is bitter, this was acrid. It was like a pot of Dunkin Donuts coffee that had been sitting on the warmer for way too long. The tea my wife got was okay but not great. I spilled some coffee on the floor and the barista did not even offer to give me some napkins to clean it up.
All in all, I probably won't return but if I do I will get a latte or cappuccino instead to see if that is any betterGood coffee, served "traditional" (small cups) which is just how I like it. Service was nothing to write home about. Slow (deliberate?), neither friendly nor unfriendly.Lovers and madmen. Friendly service, great atmosphere, good place to study. This place has made me become all about counter culture coffee. I'm a fan of their coffee and their lattes. Not sure about their food though--don't think it's quite worth the price in my opinion. I've tried the hummus wrap and the mushroom/broccoli quiche... still not convinced. But my friend always gets their quiche and loves it.i frequently stop here on my way to work. the coffee is like rocket fuel! be careful. haha. lovers & madmen is very chill and they have free wifi. this is definitely one of my favorite coffee shops.Good coffee and decent pastries. Lots of outlets for phones and computers! Comfy couches as well as lots of tablesLoves and Madmen is an oasis on its block!  It is everything I love in a café - light and airy (there are huge windows everywhere) with friendly employees and a great drink selection.  While the drinks don't particularly stand out, they are made with great care and taste fine.  It's more the atmosphere that appeals to me.  It's a great study spot (free wireless) and feels like a community place (there are fliers for local events and the employees seem to know the customers).  Definitely my favorite Sunday morning study spot!In University City this is as good as it gets for cafes.  I absolutely love the quiche, which come with a little side salad.  The coffee is consistently good and never stale.  Overall it is a great place to hang out, study, have lunch with friends and pick-up coffee to go on my way to class.I go here to work regularly. The workers are friendly, it's not too expensive, and there's usually a spot to settle in. It's like the perfect distance from Penn.This is a very West Philly coffee shop. I'm having trouble defining what that means but if you know West Philly, you know what I mean. I stopped in around 10a on a Saturday and enjoyed half an hour of hanging out and chatting with a friend while drinking good iced coffee. It was busy but not packed, we easily found a seat. There were people working but we didn't feel awkward talking - it seems like a friendly kind of place where nobody is going to glare at you for interrupting their public "office space." Staff was friendly and service was quick. Thumbs up!Having passed by Lovers and Madmen a number of times after getting off the Blue Line at 40th Street, I had never had the chance to stop in, but one day after work, I was parched after handing out flyers in the heat and had some time to spare before hopping a train, so I stopped in and grabbed a bottle of "Give" water (that apparently benefits charity, so I was very happy my purchase went towards a worthy cause), plopped myself down on the couch, and read for a bit.  Friendly staff, low-key, laid-back atmosphere, couldn't ask for anything else!  I'm eager to try some of their other offerings, so I'll definitely be back.I think they put crack in the iced coffee, which is a major plus on my lack of sleep mornings. I take pleasure in knowing that I can trudge up the stairs at the 40th Street El stop and find solace just a few steps away. Even when my cat decides she's starved for attention at 4 a.m., two sips of a L&M iced coffee has me ready to go! go! go! with my day. 
The only problem is that since their coffee gets me super motivated, my poor boyfriend gets inundated with "you know what we should do?!" type text messages. All morning. The guy is a saint.This is the best coffee west of Penn and Drexel. If you want a good, rich cup of coffee, or a decent espresso drink go there.
That said, its hours are not very convenient, and it has some other significant issues.
Lovers & Madmen is smart enough to invest in good product (Counter Culture), but not concerned enough to live up to the roasts they use. I've been by to get beans for home and often found stale beans for sale. If you charge upwards of 10 dollars for 12 oz of coffee beans it needs to have been roasted within the last 7 days. Otherwise you are ripping people off. I have tried to buy from them twice and seen grounds 10-20 days from roasting. If such admittedly fussy things as roasting dates don't bother you, buy cheaper coffee. 
There also has been considerable turn-over in their baristas, which suggests to me that quality control issues comes from the management.I have been meaning to try this coffee shop for a while now, and thought it would be worth the trek to study at during finals. 
I was immediately disappointed by the service. My friend and I waited in "line" (there was no one around us) for about 5 minutes before someone behind the counter asked us what we wanted. After we ordered our teas, we waited an extra 5 or so minutes for our order... for tea.... There was also no apology or conversation with the baristas behind the counter.
I opted for the Chocolate Mint tea, which was good but nothing I'd want to come back for. The outlets are also on the ground but the seats fill up so fast, leaving the seats around the edges empty (with no access to the outlets). There is a cute couch/lounge area in the middle of the coffee shop which is nice, but who can do legitimate work without a table?
Overall, cute environment, but lackluster service. I'll definitely update my review if I try more of the items on their menu (baked goods, for example), but for now I'm staying at a 2.i love the name of this coffee house.
not that it's relevant, but i'm pretty sure that i'm equal parts lover and mad(wo)man.
my capuccinos have been excellent and included a pleasant froth design. the space is really attractive. there's rarely a gnarly and/or large crowd.  the teas are incredible. they have a giant mirror. they have smartwater. AND the lady baristas are very nice. 
things to improve on: more plentiful and fresh food options.I had just generally a really fail experience here today.  Will not be going back, ever if I can help it.
I came in and ordered a sandwich.  It took 20 minutes for them to make.  I was hungry.  This was not a busy restaurant -- there were maybe 3 people there tops.  To the guy's credit, he did apologize that he stood and talked for 15 minutes instead of seeing to it that my sandwich was made.  Whatever.  The sandwich was kind of an odd temperature -- the bread and cheese were warm and toasted, but the veggies inside were still cold, just out of the fridge I guess.
Later, I ordered an iced bancha tea.  It was very good, however, they have a $5 limit on using credit cards (which is fine), but I had only a 20 and got 17 dollars back in 1's.  Now I have a wad of cash that does not fit into my wallet.  Thanks.
The water from the pitcher was kinda disgustingly room-temperature too.  Most places put a bit of ice in for this reason.  Should have purchased bottled water.
At some point, they had me stand on my chair to reach up above their giant TV screen and push the play button for a DVD.  They claimed the remote was broken, but there was another chair, even closer to the DVD player, that was free to stand on.  Yet they suggested I do it?
And finally, this takes the cake: the wi-fi did not work.  From what I understand this is a temporary situation.  However, not having wifi available at a cafe is pretty unacceptable these days.  I go there to get work done and nibble on something.  I am currently sitting in a different cafe a few blocks away with completely functioning wi-fi.  Is wi-fi really so hard?  They claimed it'd be back tomorrow.  Tomorrow is too late, and at this point I don't really trust them anyway.
The iced tea also took way too long.  I know how long green tea takes to steep, it is not 5+ minutes.
Oh and there was zero AC, which is fine because I am comfy in warm temperatures, but I can see that a lot of people would be uncomfortable there on a summer day.Neat place ... sorda bad location.. mainly cuz it's out of my way. I always get lattes and their latte is smooth and strong with just enough foam. Everytime I go, I see no empty seats, but I always get it to go anyways. The only thing is, I wish they would fix the steps and front side of the place. I keep tripping on the uneven steps.I am sitting here now updating my review with their improved free wifi. Same friendly staff and casual open vibe.
Now pardon me as I enjoy my ice coffee and croissant!