I haven't eaten here yet, but love the beer selection and the drink called the pain killer with OJ, pineapple, rum and rum chatta.  YUM!Best place in all of Manayunk. Great food, great beer, and a friendly staff. Burgers and Dogs are the best in all of philly, and they have a great brunch menu as well. If you haven't tried this place, do yourself a favor and visit their Manayunk or Queen Village locations.Been living around here for two years now. This place is easily one of my favorites bars in the whole city. Staff, food, and beer is great.Amazing food and amazing service!! Nice little chill bar with great burgers and their tater tots are life changing!!!!Stopped in for a couple drinks last night. Had a great time. Thanks for being open on Thanksgiving!Not as bad as I feared it would be. It takes a lot for me to venture into a manayunk bar on a Saturday night. Imagine my surprise that the bartenders were actually cool. The patrons were ehh -- I later found out st joes kids returned to school the same night I was at lucky's.
The first floor was a bit narrow leading me to feel a bump each time someone moved past, but eventually I was able to sit at a two top and relax, people watch, whatever.
I look forward to returning on a low key evening -- non weekend night, and maybe trying some grub.My boyfriend, roommate and I checked this place out the first week it opened. Since then, there hasn't been a week we haven't stopped multiple times. The staff and management are welcoming and friendly. They all get to know you. The best part is they eventually are able to suggest new beers based on your specific taste (like I said, we go here a lot haha). I really love that they have been partnering up with other great businesses in manayunk like Volo and Sweet Elizabeth's. By far the best spot to go to to get around the typical "manayunk crowd".Great for a Sunday funday.  I hate saying that word but it's true.  The mac and cheese burger is definitely something you've got to try, trust me!Went last night and only had a hot dog with Mac n cheese. I've been sick all night with no end in sight. I'm sure the beer/drinks are fine but I will not be eating there again.great food and service, good beer selectionStill no update to the veggie burger...try a new recipe!! You can't keep the same one on the menu forever. Veggie lovers need variety too. And our money is real!
As always, service is pretty great. We love the bartenders here.. No complaints on the beer front. But please spice it up for vegetarians/vegans! (I'd spend more $$$)Excellent burger and the best tater tots I've had since I was 7!! Yummmm 
And the bartender is a doll and makes the BEST "painkiller" (a cocktail) 
So happy I stopped inGreat burgers! Fries are mediocre but the burgers make up for it. Nice melted cheese, soft bun, juicy patties, and toppings like Mac and Cheese make these among the best burgers Philadelphia has to offer. Pass on the interesting but dry PB and J burger.This place is great. Went the for the first time last night and will definitely return. The food is creative, the decor is original, the staff is competent and friendly, and the beer list is great. Next time I have a friend in from out of town that I want to impress with a local and unique place to get dinner, I'm taking them to Lucky's.Very friendly, welcoming atmosphere.  Owner is always there and he knows his excellent beer selection. The menue is not huge but is really interesting.  Peanut Butter  and jelly burger. Really? Don't knock it till you try it.  Great Hot Dogs, Mac & Cheese and Chilli. Nice alternative when cruising main street.Horrible, insulting service from the bartender.  I walked in with my husband and parents for an afternoon drink and snack. We immediately felt an overwhelming sense that we were not welcome. The Bartender looked annoyed at our presence, complained about having to clear our table, and then when I asked him to wipe off the dirty setting in front of me, he rolled his eyes and stomped off.   We left before he took our order. Will never go back and do not recommend.OMG the Buffalo Mac & Cheese !  Honestly everything was really good - burgers & the bun, fries and loved the onion straws.  I would, however, recommend ordering the double as the burger patties are on the small side & 1 was a lot of bun.  Dined at the bar - great service, fun atmosphere.  Can't wait to go back.This is one of my favorite bars in the Philadelphia area.  I normally order a hot dog and fries and what every beer the bartender recommends.  I never know what am drinking but i always like it,  The bartenders know their stuff.Best chill bar in the yunk! Great beer selections and servers and great!!  You MUST try the Mac attack burger- all burgers are great but this is the staple-  burger with delicious Mac and cheese on it :)
The upstairs is nice at night, usually a little less crowded if you're looking for that atmosphere!I've lived here in Manayunk for 6 years and just finally for the first time made it over to Luckys. Wow how disappointed I am of myself for not discovering this place sooner. My wife and I each got our own burgers, she got a standard cheeseburger and I got the breakfast Burger with Bacon and a Fried Egg (No Cheese). They were both fantastic! Neither one needed seasoning or even condiments like ketchup or mustard. Perfect as is. We also ordered the mac and cheese. (Let it be known im not a fan of homemade mac and cheese that comes out all stringy, I prefer creamy) This mac and cheese was all that I love in a good mac and cheese, thick but robust sauce with cream, cheese, and lots of flavor. Needed an extra shake of pepper but thats a personal preference. Onion straws were tasty too, peppery which was nice! Cannot wait to go back and try a hotdog. They do a special on Tuesdays, 2 hotdogs and fries for something like $6; Im so there!I'm a yunker - i have lived here for almost a decade and I have to say, throughout the years, my favorite place has been Tonic, then Yunkers, now Lucky's! 
The burgers are unique and delicious and the staff is friendly and knowledgeable on the beer & food menu.  The new decor looks amazing and totally changes whole atmosphere.  This isnt' your drunk college kid bar and I LOVE THAT!This is a polite bar so if you can't be nice then you shouldn't come here. I like nice people, especially when I'm being served. Anyway next topic the food...I haven't had everything on the menu but our choice of food the buffalo wing burger (I swapped the blue cheese for ranch) & the Mac stuffed grilled cheese (I forgot the name of it). The food and service was tremendous. It was so good that when the waiter ask my girlfriend how was it she started dancing lol...but actions speak louder than words right. I can't wait to return here. The kitchen is open until midnight which is a gift and a curse.Best place for a burger in Philadelphia.  Great low key locals spot to enjoy Manayunk.  Come for the burgers, fall in love with the hot dogs and local beers.Extremely pleasant bartenders who seem to be naturally happy people. The interesting PBnJ burger changed my life. Their cooks must be stoners bc that burger is magic. However their 8$ Mac and cheese looked and tasted cheap and the portion is too small. However, as said, the bartenders and burgers make his place truly worth the hike to Manayunk. Stay cool Lucky's !So the PB&J was really good. My friend got the guac burger and took one bite and could not eat anymore, it was tasteless. So I took a bite and felt the same. So waitress comes by and ask if everything is OK I say my burger is great but she took one bite of hers and doesn't like it. So she says would you like to buy something else. Now in my past experience as a waiter we take the plate away and bring something else out no questions, customer comes first. Bad service.Stop in on our way out. Service was quick and bartenders are really nice and they take care of youMy family and I went here when I was in town visiting. It was my sister's last meal as under 21 and they were well situated for bar hopping come midnight.
I want to first give major props to them for even letting us sit. As we were sitting, we realized our faux pas at sitting in the upstairs area that closed in 15 minutes. And we knew this wouldn't be a quick meal. We offered to move downstairs but they said not to worry.
Everyone at the table found a good menu option for them. I was debating the Inferno and the Greek burger. I like spicy and can handle quite a bit. Often times, you read these warnings and they are bogus. I once (in San Diego) had to sign a waiver before eating my spicy burger only to find it weak.
Well, when I asked the waiter which is better, he said that he too loves spicy but this burger is miserable. He really was adamant that I should rethink ordering it. Given that I had a long night of bar hopping with my soon-to-be-of-age little sister, I opted to be safe and skip it. But, I was intrigued so I asked for a side of the sauce. The waiter brought it with gloves. Firth thought in my head: gimmick.
I dipped a fry in it and suddenly my mouth was filled with instant regret. The heat did not hit right away nor did it smell spicy allowing you to take too much. And trust me, any of it is too much. That stuff was super, super hot.
Now, me being me, I still had some more (and regretted it the next morning but I won't go into that).
Other than that, the food was good. They were out of burger buns (and were up front about it) but they sub of Texas toast was certainly adequate. Everyone agreed the food was above par.
My only thing is that the menu was so burger focused that it limited the appeal. Actually 1/2 our party was vegetarian and while the black bean (I think) burger was fine, more options would have been niceAmazing customer service, even more amazing burgers. Delicious flavorful creations - I will always be a huge fan!Jalapeño tater tots w/ chicken (they were out of pork) , and the Incomparable Bacon Cheddar burger, sans-BBQ sauce.
Tater tots were crisp around the edges, and fluffy in the middle: perfection. Burger was HUGE, cooked just right w/ the ideal amount of cheese and onions.
GREAT FOOD. Decent beer list. Free WiFi.
While I do live in the exorbitantly priced San Francisco, I've got to say this place was a damn good deal.
While it may not be 5-stars, it's definitely more than 4. #fourandahalfOk so Luckys is reeeeeeally good. Great burger and great beer selection. Ok I gotta say, it's honestly not the best burger I have ever had... But it's good. It's consistently good which is awesome. Some things on the menu are really full flavored and can be too much for some people, like the buffalo Mac and cheese tastes like straight buffalo sauce. But this place gives the effort that every food establishment should. Love the pb and j cheese burger!Burgers are excellent and servers are always extremely friendly. I have friends who live in Manayunk and we always go there when I come to visit.The. Best. My stomach is starting to growl just writing this review. I've been here multiple times while living in Manayunk, and just recently made the trip over the bridge from South Jersey for my favorite burger. 
I always go with the Mak Attack (mac and cheese) burger which is phenomenal, and the last trip we made my boyfriend had the Bacon, Egg, n Cheese burger which he loved. I have many friends who have tried a variety of the burgers and they have all said nothing but positive things. The Main Street Fries are also a MUST. Amazing seasoning, old bay, and cheese...what is there not to love. 
The beer selection is also great, and the atmosphere is warm and welcoming. I've sat both at the bar and upstairs with great experiences all around.It is what it is. Come to Lucky's for a tasty local ale and the PB&J burger. This is a very unpretentious spot with good service and unique collage décor. Plenty of TVs if you are a sports aficionado. The bartenders are quick and very pleasant. Feel free to sample some brews before buying a glass. Also, Lucky's Manhattan is my favorite in the world. Hot dogs, burgers, beers, and good times to be had here.My husband and daughter went yesterday.  My
Husband is super picky and said prob one of his top 3 fav burgers ever. My daughter had the Mac and cheese and raved bout it.  Also said price was very reasonable.This place is the talk of the town for hot dog lovers (which doesn't include me). I decided to indulge my co-workers by having one and wasn't overly impressed. I expected a $8 hot dog to be a decent size and filling. You have to order a few if you are really hungry. They do have some creative toppings that makes the experience interesting, but if you're not a hot dog lover, this place won't impress you.i go every month to try the new special burger and i'm never disappointed. get onion straws on the side with extra sauce. you'll need it.Heaven on Main Street Manayunk
Top quality craft beers, best burgers as far as the eye can see, great selection of quality hotdogs, and terrific selection of brunch menu items including the donut' go breakin' my heart burger.
The donut' go breakin' my heart burger is a burger in the middle of a donut coupled with a fried egg, bacon, and amazing raspberry jam on the side. The donut itself is thin and glazed but it is on the top of the burger and bottom for the perfect amount of donut. Go for this menu item if you are jonesing for some sweet with your burger. I think this menu item is almost a life experience! I will not be ordering it again as with my burgers I do not want sweetness but for all the attributes of this burger on a luscious donut and amazing presentation along with delicious flavor I give it five stars. 
I frequent Lucky's last chance and a neat side note, Charles Barkley is known to stop in here when he is in the Manayunk area. More menu item reviews will follow but you truly cannot go wrong if you are looking for a burger in Manayunk.Visited here for a late lunch based on the reviews and a hunger for a good burger and wasn't disappointed. Ordered a Blu Burger and it was really good - double patty and good quality cheese and bun. Krinkle-cut fries were OK. Had a decent selection of beers and the waitress was knowledgeable and friendly. Definitely want to come back after work some night. Place had a nice vibe.Gotta say I really like this place. Came in on a Sunday around 11:58am and they don't start serving their regular menu until 12. No problem, well kinda there is. The burger I came for is the juicy Lucy. They spell it differently. Anyway, this burger takes a little more to put together, so originally they told me it wouldn't be available till 2pm. But then the manager comes over and says, it can be done. Hey, service is always a winner for me. The staff is cool. It's a small dive bar looking place, but it has....atmosphere. Oh yeah, that burger was GREAT. I mean, really good. This is a place I will frequent. Leave the kids at home though. I got a little one and he was messing up my vibe. Cute kid, but not the place for him. It's not a high chair friendly establishment. And that's OK!!!"You gonna eat your tots?" 
Lucky's is a small little joint located on Main Street in Manayunk. It is easily the best place around if you are looking for burgers and fries for dinner or in this case...TOTS. 
Lucky's has specialized burgers, french fries, and tater tots. If you are looking for something different than pairing your burger with french fries, I definitely recommend ordering the fancy tots. Tonight I ordered the Junkyard Tots and they are my absolute fav! 
The Junkyard Tots are covered in bacon, cheddar cheese, sour cream, and chives. Literally heaven in a dish. The tots are cooked to perfection and have just the right amount of toppings on top. The food is delicious and the staff are very attentive to each customer.The tater tots are soooooo good. Service is always good. I would give a 5 star but I don't like that they cook all burgers at the same temperature since I only like my medium rare.Last Friday night Feb 3rd, I called in an order for pick up a little after 930pm and I was told they aren't taking orders bc there is a wait for tables.  Confused, I just accepted it and moved on.  The next day, I called at 130pm to pickup, and they told me they don't take orders until 2pm.  Increasingly frustrated, I waited and ended up calling back at 330pm only to be told THEY AREN'T TAKING ORDERS AT THIS TIME.  
At this point, my GF and I are thinking they just lost customers.  What does having a wait for a table have to do with me calling in an order?  Nothing!  That's why take-out exists - so that you don't wait in/eat in the restaurant.  Mutually-exclusive concepts.
Almost a week goes by, and it is Friday Night again.  I'm feeling forgiving, and to boot, it is earlier at a safer 8pm,.  I cautiously call in for pick up and once a effing again, I am told they aren't taking order bc it is 'kind of busy.'   
RIDICULOUS AND UNPROFESSIONAL.  Pardon the obvious pun, but Lucky's had its last chance.Man this place is packed and popular. I definitely recommend going after brunch hours. It was pretty hard for my friend and me to find sitting. The food here is delicious and wonderful and miles away from being healthy. If you're looking for a side salad to go with your meal, you won't find that here. Instead you will be served with unique burgers that will blow your taste buds away. 
I've tried 4 of their burgers so far, my favorites are the joocy lucy and the mak attack. The joocy lucy takes longer to prepare so if you're hungry and want less wait time I would recommend getting the mak attack. The mak attack has mac and cheese in the burger. The cheese is wonderful and brings a great taste to the meal.
Lucky's is a good place to grab a drink with friends. The atmosphere is friendly and welcoming. It's a loud place, so you'll need to speak up to be heard.Came here tonight looking for a good post-workout meal after a particularly tiring session at the gym. I opted for the "Almost Inferno" (but with 3 patties instead of 2, and cheddar instead of American cheese). And damn...I'm already fantasizing about going back there. The Jalapeno Cheese Tots have left a hole in my heart that can only be filled by more jalapeno cheese tots.Fly to Philly to eat here!  
Main Street tots and chili tots are the bomb!  Chris is an awesome ambassador for Lucky's.  The tots are worth the visit before you even have the hamburgers.  We had peanut Butter bacon burger - the winner and then there was the incomparable bacon (add the siracha mayo) Burger, then the monthly special mucho mango burger (more chorizo than mango.)
Fabulous place. The best burger all year!Food is amazing. The Mac Attack burger is by far one of the best burgers I've ever had. The employees are extremely nice as well. Also, the manager Chris is very friendly and funny.Located on Main St. Manayunk this is a great bar for craft beer and burgers.  Their menu is burgers and dogs and macaroni and cheese.  The buffalo mac and cheese is AMAZING! The interior in funky and the atmosphere is chill.  Great place to drop in for a beer."Wow" is all my husband and I kept saying to each other as we ate here for the first time. He had the incomparable burger and I had the peanut butter and jelly burger. We shared with each other and not sure which one was better. Both of them were the best burgers I have ever had (honestly) and the beer selection, vibe and service really topped it off as one of the best lunches we have ever had.. thank you ! Can't wait to go back!Love this place. Amazing burgers.. totally recommend the pb&j burger. Chris makes amazing cosmopolitans!I live in New Jersey and I've been driving here on a weekly basis strictly for their food.
 It's actually that good. 
Must Order: 
- Deadwood
- Mak Attack
- Junkyard tots 
If you follow my instructions, prepare yourself for the best dining experience of your life, and gaining 10 lbs... but it's worth it. Between the chill atmosphere, friendly staff and surprisingly wide selection of hard ciders you could easily kill an afternoon here. Definitely my favorite burger place, hands down.Went last night because I had to try a burger after reading all the great reviews.  It definitely lived up to the hype!  I had the burger of the month, the Pumpkin Patty Melt, and it was awesome!  I can't wait to go back and try all of their burgers (and mac & cheese).  The beer selection is fantastic too, and the waiter said they change the tap options frequently.  This will be my new go-to spot in Manayunk for beer and eats.The burgers are seriously the best in the area. My favorite is the Mak Attack which is a burger with Mac and Cheese on it. The other burgers are phenomenal too.  The buns that they use are also delicious. The selection of beer is very decent and the staff are awesome.This place gets 5 stars for so many reasons...  The food is amazing, best burgers and the main st fries are highly addictive!  Bartenders are knowledgeable and super friendly, making this a comfortable and different atmosphere than most places on main st.Totally wasn't expecting much but was blown away!  I had the "almost inferno" burger with fried egg, and bacon... OMG it was SO good!  
Perfect amount of heat/spiciness and full of burger flavor.  Bacon was cooked to perfection, crispy and thick.  The burger patty was medium, juicy and meaty, egg was over easy and goo-ey and the bun did not get in the way of enjoying the burger creation.  SO GOOD.
The service was quick and attentive.  The place has its character and charm.  Totally coming back.DO NOT GO FOR BRUNCH. you will sit for an hour waiting for the tiniest biscuit and egg sandwich to come. And the price is not indicative of the size. There are no apologies for the kitchen and how inefficient things are run. Beware!I went recently to try one of the burgers I had heard much about.... I must admit that they did not disappoint at all.. I had one that was a specialty that is not always on the menu... a mushroom burger..  The quality of the roll and meat and toppings were excellent...  The beer selection is very good and its a nice rustic atmosphere inside... I don't give out many 5 stars.. but this place is darn close to one..I have lived in Manayunk for the past 3 years and Lucky's is hands down the best restaurant/bar on Main Street. The whole menu is great! Ultimate favorite is the PB and J burger, sounds funny but just trust it! My fiancé and I love Lucky's so much we did our engagement photos here. I would highly recommend.Bartenders were polite and friendly! Burgers are awesome but the tots are to die for!! Plus nothing beats a $6 dark n stormy ;)I walk past this place just about every day.  I never associated the steps up with a restaurant but it turned out it is.  Hot dogs and burgers on the menu and an average rating of 4.5.   Very intriguing.  I had the BEC burger which was very decent.  Service was good.  Likewise ambience of the place.  Now, if you are asking, are the burgers here better than at Barry's Steaks or others?  Probably not IMHO...  Still recommended.I live in manayunk area and whenever a friend visits this is my go to place to grab a few beers and some food. Arguably the best burgers in Philadelphia and the quality is always consistent.
Would suggest to anyoneWent in on a whim with a friend and had a great time. 
The bartender was really helpful when I wasn't too sure of what I wanted to drink. The atmosphere is like any bar I guess but overall it was a good night. 
Ended up ordering some burgers ("the classic") to go; really well made and a great price. 
Will be going back for sure!New name, same drinks, same music, same vibe, same drunk crowd... but now you can't smoke indoors.My favorite bar in Manayunk! The staff is super friendly and it's always a welcoming experience. The food is AMAZING....don't expect a Salad...they don't do salads... but if you like lots of cheese and mild regret this is the place to dine!!! I always get the voodoo with bacon. But recently I've been on the tot game, and you can't go wrong with TOTSAlways love this place. Good, creative, crazy burgers! The PBJ burger has won awards. 
Little bit of a hipster feel but it's not overwhelming. 
6 rotating craft taps as well as a good bottle / can selection. 
They don't have too many employees so it's really nice to see the same faces and great service every time :)My boyfriend loves this place. The food is definitely not good for you, but that's why it's so delicious. I wish they had more veggie-friendly options! The entire staff is terrific. Downstairs is great for a more social scene and upstairs is perfect for a more intimate hang-out spot. We'll be back!Definitely one of the best burgers in the city. I had the classic, a good old fashion burger. The meat was so perfectly seasoned and juicy I was sad when it was over. Onion strings and crinkle fries were delicious too and they had a great beer selection. All of that, coupled with the the most friendly and knowledgeable staff made this an unexpectedly perfect night out.Never knew that a peanut butter & jelly burger was a thing until walking into Lucky's.  I don't do burgers very often, but was pleased with the burgers at Lucky's.  Juicy double patties, good bun, very quick service with decent beer list (6 craft beers on tap).  Friendly staff and patrons.  Phillies game on tv.  Probably wouldn't get the pb&j again, but definitely interesting and no doubt will try some of the others.My other half and I have a never ending quest for amazing, unique burgers and fantastic brunches, so when we saw the epic brunch options and burgers (peanut butter bacon burger? Whuck?!),  it was written in the stars that we go here.
The first time we came,  I ended up getting a blue cheese burger, which was good, but not the best I've had.  My other half got the PB & bacon burger, which made me want to cry when I tried a bite!  The sweet and salty melted into the beef burger superbly!  I am allergic to pork, but that burger made me wonder if it it was worth getting and dealing with the sickness that would ensue? Alas no...but I can tell other people about it so they don't miss out on this phenomenon!  A must try!
Today we went for brunch, and I had the chicken biscuit w/ sausage gravy on the side.  I lived in South Carolina for years, so when they boasted that a "southerner would be proud" of this dish, I accepted the challenge.  Glad I did!  The chicken patty itself was flavorful and juicy, and the biscuit was one of the best that I've had outside of the South.  It was high, light, fluffy, and almost cake like in texture.  I've been to many places here in Philly that boast a dense, hard biscuit is the way to go so it doesn't get soggy under things like chicken or sausage gravy.  No one ever serves hard biscuits in the South, and I've never had a sausage gravy where I nor anyone at the table said, "gee, I wish there was a hard ass biscuit to go with all this gravy..."  Thank you Lucky's and Sweet Elizabeth's for nailing it!What an excellent find in Lucky's Last Chance.  Exactly as billed a great local place with cool beer selection and great service.  Lucky's great hot dogs and delicious assortment of tater tots are fun but clearly the winner is the outrageous and amazing burgers. We had the Big Fat Greek burger, the El Guapo and the most amazing of all, the award winning (deservedly so) PB and J Burger!  Yeah peanut butter on a burger? Crazy??? Like a fox - an amazing combination of flavors, that is the one to have! 
Lucky's is absolutely a high point in Manayunk.Stopped in yesterday with a girlfriend and Lucky's never disappoints. Amazing customer service, even more amazing burgers. Delicious flavorful creations - I will always be a huge fan!Christy D. enjoyed a Buffalo Bill hot dog and I chowed down on my El Guapo burger. We appreciate all beers and couldn't be more satisfied with Lucky's selection.  As we sipped away, we watched the girl next to us DEVOUR a PB and Bacon burger.  Although PB&J on a burger sounds absolutely disgusting, she seemed to be having such a five star time that I'm tempted to give it a chance.  Luck be with me, because I'm definitely coming back.Simply THE BEST STAFF hands down. The owner Chris is one of the most down to earth guys you will ever meet, and he hires people who are exactly the same - genuine and love what they do.
The beer selection is always fantastic - if you're stuck, bartender Chris gives solid beer recommendations 100% of the time. 
Definitely get Main Street Fries (sauce on the side!) = crinkle fries dipped in cheesy garlic heaven. They create a new burger every month ... they're always experimenting, having fun, and switching it up. Our top picks are the PB&J Bacon Burger (salty and sweet) and the Big Fat Greek Burger.
You can stop in for any reason - dressed up or after a run ... it's that kind of place. You're always welcome. Staple in Manayunk!This review is long overdue. Lucky's is my favorite place in the Manayunk/East Falls area to eat or drink. The atmosphere is so fun, welcoming, and relaxing, you immediately feel 'at home'. As someone thats "getting older" it also has less of a college bar vibe than some of the other places on Main Street. The food is amazing, the menu is not crazy or extravagant but everything on it that I've tried has been delicious. My go-to favorite is the "Peanut Butter Bacon" burger, which comes with a side of jelly. I rarely order anything else these days. Unless its November, in which case I am ALL about their Thanksgiving burger of the month. The staff is fantastic. We have never had bad service, the servers and bartenders are friendly, and it just adds to that "comfy" feel. I am not a beer drinker but my fiancé loves the carefully crafted draft selections, and usually he can find something new or fun to try. I am a cider drinker and Lucky's is one of the few places I have found that carries my favorite, Ciderboys, and if that isn't available there is almost always a different new cider for me to try. We are getting married next October and already have planned to stop in to Lucky's after the reception for a burger and a drink. When visitors are in town, its the first place we bring folks. If you want a fun, low-key, yummy stop in the Manayunk/Rox/East Falls area, then Lucky's is it.This place just so happens to rule. I was nervous about ordering the peanut butter, jelly and bacon cheeseburger but it was recently named the best burger in Philly. I loved it! Wow. If I go back it will be the Greek burger. Prices are also very fair for what you get. Also liked the atmosphere and the staff was nice. Hipster meets 50s diner.Fantastic service, awesome food (get the almost inferno or PB & Bacon burger with a side of Main Street tots) and dog-friendly outdoor seating.I was not impressed!!! They use the poorest quality of meat and the burgers have no flavor. Everything tastes like freezer burn. Their patrons must all be either bars flies or under 30 local residents who are happy with anything Manayunk just because they live there or just happy to be hanging in the area.I went to Lucky's Last Chance with my dad and 15 year old sister last night... we were in heaven! As a vegetarian I often have a hard time finding delicious veggie burgers; the El Guapo burger, though, (on which I substituted out the meat patty for a black bean veggie patty) was absolutely to die for... and my dad and sister were also so happy with their egg/bacon burger and hot dog with mac-n-cheese. It is such a shame that many people don't seem to know about this place (there was hardly anyone there)... hotdog/hamburger places don't get much better than this! (Oh and although it sounds gross, the butter and parmesan fries were also too good)When I think to myself "whats the best thing about this place"? I know the answer almost immediately. It's not the delicious food, it's not the wide selection of fancy drinks, it's gotta be something I noticed about the workers. The answer is their top notch beards, so thick and full, full of life! facial hair is frowned upon in certain uptight conformist corporations, But at this place, sick beards are a rite of passage. It Does not matter if the person is working the door, barbacking, bartending or managing, there are amazing beards doing it.
 I myself am Beard-disabled. It has just never been in the cards for me. My fuzzy Blondes (A barber once called them platinum colored) are thin and weak and barely existent. So when I stroll in, It's like walking into a "how to be a fucking man" museum and I admire them from my seat at the bar and order two fancy drinks in copper cups with a side of big fat juicy meat sandwich. for that brief moment in time, I have hope, That one day I can know what it's like to just open my door and scream to the world " HEY WORLD, I'M GOING TO CHOP DOWN A TREE AND BUILD A COFFEE TABLE TODAY, OR MAYBE I'LL KILL A DEER, AND EAT IT". But until that day, you can find me at Lucky's, surrounded by fantastic thick and dense beards.Outstanding burgers and a good beer selection, served by some of the friendliest folks I've come across in a business. Do yourself a favor and get some mac and cheese to go with your meal. I'll be coming back as frequently as my wallet allows.We live this place. Our kids loves this place. Get the peanut butter, jelly, and bacon burger. Trust me!!!I got the pb and banana burger here without peanut butter and it was very good! I dislike peanut butter but I imagine if I had had a bit butter in there I would have been even more impressed. The Mac attack burger was also very good. I recommend giving this place a shot!SO happy we finally have a solid burger joint within walking distance from Pennsport to satiate my ever-present burger and fries cravings and cure my hangovers.
Luckily we came this past weekend when the weather was unseasonably warm so they had the front windows open for some breeze. We opted for the window stool seats to people watch and soak in the sun. 
This place is super cute with bright blue paint so it doesn't feel as dingy and dark as its predecessor. Definitely a good day drinking bar (hopefully they add outdoor seating), but I would totally come here at night since it has a really chill, low-key vibe. Kinda felt like some pseudo-stoner/surfer bar. Plus, half the reason I'm giving them a 5 is their music selection. Rancid, Bad Religion, Alkaline Trio, Pennywise, etc. Very refreshing to not hear your basic top 40s.
Great craft beer and cider selection, plus this past Saturday they had $4 Helles Lager, which is awesome. Food = so good. FINALLY a decent burger in this damn neighborhood. You can opt for one patty (junior) or two patties (standard). Deff get the standard - they're smaller patties, Five Guys style, and you'll want two to crush together whatever cheese is all up in there.
BF got the special burger of the month: Greek burger, topped with lamb gyro meat, feta cheese, tzatziki and fresh tomato. Absolutely delicious and fresh and not skimpy on the feta.
To pair with my Down East Winter cider I got their classic bacon and cheddar which comes topped with their signature crispy onion straws, raw onions and bbq sauce. That sauce was SO good, sweet and tangy, and the raw onions were a nice touch. Bacon was super crispy.  Good buns on both burgers - held up nicely to the weight of food.
Fries were crinkle cut, not my personal favorite, but were fried to golden perfection (FYI, $2 upcharge for fries on the side).
I was stuffed to the brim after this so it's totally worth the price (and some of the other burgers and hotdogs are even more jam-packed with toppings). Would effin' love to try those loaded junkyard tater tots next time.
For two burgers, two sides of fries and five beers, the total was around $50 which isn't bad at all.
Service was great. Since we sat in the window, the bartenders were our servers and they were super friendly, really on point and never neglected us.
I will 100% visit back here next time I want a burger, which will most likely be very soon.Wonderful place  in the hood second and Christian. Great burgers and gluten free buns. PBJ burger is awesome. definitely will pass the word. Kelsey is the best bartender and Tim the manager is greatThis is a great neighborhood type bar with excellent burgers.  These ain't your average burgers and the patties are fresh and seasoned.  This place is worth the trip.  Excellent atmosphere and decor.  Service was great.   A perfect example of what Philadelphia has to offer.Friendly service, yummy drinks. Friday night around 8 pm was moderately busy but spots at the bar. Relaxing but fun vibeI only live a few blocks away from this place but I'm new to the area. A little about me- I LOVE burgers. With that said, this place has great burgers. I got the Gorgonzilla burger and was not at all disappointed. My boyfriend got burger that was on special that night which was like gyro meat on a burger with tzatziki sauce. Both were fantastic. We split the jalapeño cheese tots. They were outstanding. I mean, obviously cheesy tots are gonna be good, but these tasted even better than I expected. 
They have a really nice selection of beers and the staff all seem very knowledgeable of what they offer. On top of that it was like they all genuinely wanted us to enjoy everything. There was no pretension here. The place had kind of a "cool" vibe but no one is an asshole. Quite the opposite. I can't wait to go back. It was very comfortable and the staff was so friendly and the food was great.When I heard that they had a peanut butter jelly and bacon Burger I had to check this place out... It was everything I could have dreamed of and even more! I'm not one for a big fat juicy burger that everything slides off of it and their burgers are just the right thickness the bun was wonderful and of course peanut butter jelly and bacon need I say anymore... Chili and cheddar cheese tater tots to boot and a wonderful martini! The bartender Kelsey makes a mean drink very pleasant and the service is wonderful... Tim the manager very kind and came to make sure that everything was good and of course it was! See you soon Lucky's Last Chance, check it out it's really good!Luckys!!! So I lived in manayunk for about a year and a half right out of college and they had a Luckys there and it was my favorite restaurant hands down in manayunk. Fast forward two years and I'm walking down the street to my surprise they opened a luckys on 2nd st!!!  Hands down best burger selections in the city. They will always have a different burger of the month so make sure you try that. So many unique burgers makes this place a must try!This place had the best burger I've ever had in my life. Almost inferno big with the onion straws was amazing. Also, if a place sells tots, you know you better get them. I seriously cannot express how good my burger was...Drove from NYC and everywhere was out of food or not taking us without a reservation... Was looking through yelp and kept skimming through this place. Finally decided to look at the reviews and immediately thought, let's try it, anything is good at this point. It's such a dive that we almost missed it! Thank God we didn't because the food and service was amazing!!! The pb&j bacon burger was the weirdest combination but sooo good. Officially a bookmark on my yelp page and recommending to everyone!Any burger, dog, tot or fry is spot on! Beer selection is up to date.  Painkiller is exactly the taste you want with the rums!!I am not one to log on to Yelp and review a place, but this time I have to. Lucky's Last Chance has THE BEST gluten-free burger buns ever. It was so delicious, they are also getting a second dedicated fryer in a few weeks! Their food is outstanding as if their service. I am happy to live around the corner, I'll be going there...a lot. The only thing to make it even better would be gluten free beer, but I can't be greedy!!This was one of the best dining choices I've made in quite a while. The entire experience was fantastic. I had the PB and Bacon burger, and I couldn't believe how delicious it was. House made grape and berry jelly as a dipping sauce! Yum! Jalepeno and cheddar tots as a side. I am so full and proud of it! The only thing that could give the food a run for its money, was the staff. Kelsey is super personable and welcoming. From the moment we sat down we felt at home. Chris helped to keep that feeling going, saying hello and  chatting with us about our experience. Not only will we be back to try every burger and every hot dog, but also to enjoy the warmth of the great people who work there. Thanks!Nice addition to the neighborhood.  That locations always been tough but Lucky's has great food, good drinks, and an eager to please staff.This is our favorite junk-food-for-dinner spot! The service is always on point, they have a killer draft list, their cocktails are amazing ($5 dark and stormies!) and the food is absolutely delicious. We always get the tots with pulled pork on them - they really are a must-have. The pork is really smokey and pairs perfectly with the crispy tator tots. I have had the pleasure of having their dogs and burgers and honestly, you cannot go wrong either way. The dogs have an amazing snap which I love, and the burgers are cooked smash burger style, so the patties are thin, but it really works! (If you like a lot of meat on your burger, just opt for the double patty.) Also, do not miss the Mac and Cheese. Whichever flavor you choose, I guarantee you will love it, but my favorite is the tomato and bacon. As you can tell, this is definitely not a restaurant to take someone that is counting calories, but if you're looking for a casual place to drink and snack with friends, this is it!Got 2 great dogs and jalapeño cheese tots and onion strings service was really good and food was amazingCame here for the first time after having aa happy hour drink and snack around the corner. The space is quaint and nicely decorated. The bartender was friendly and efficient. The drinks are strong and inexpensive. Our bartender told as about the hh specials including buy 1 hotdog and get a 2 me free which is a great deal.  Since we were full we passed this time. Several other patrons at the bar got food and it looked and smelled delicious. Will definitely be back.Awesome place.  Their brunch is really great.  A special today with French toast stuffed with peach and pulled pork and a side of syrup.  Sounds crazy but it was really good.  The bacon, egg n' cheeseburger was amazing too with bacon, cheese, pancake (yes pancake) and burger.  Plenty of beers on tap and a nice vibeLove this place.Great bartenders, good food and a fun atmosphere. Prices are good, food is fresh and everyone seems to be there to have a good time while enjoying good food. The beer list is pretty good and they have drafts, bottles and cans. Service is prompt and friendly. Not fancy in the least but not meant to be.  Check it out if you want a decent draft and a good dog and/or burger. Never too crowded. Give it a shot!I'm glad something good has finally opened up in this spot! Actually the place has been open for a little while, but my husband and I just went a couple weeks ago. They are a burger, hot dogs, and fries kinda place. No fancy dishes but their burger was really good and my husband loved the dog. They have tons of different ways that spruce it up.  Y burger was stuffed with cheese, very moist and cooked perfectly. We will definitely go back. 
Their drink prices are also decent and they have a couple TVs so you can watch the game. Only thing I would suggest is to get a couple larger TVs.Quick and cheerful. Great burgers and tasty rotating cocktails. Nice selection on tap.This restaurant has burgers, dogs and tater tots 4 different ways. The burger was so good.  Atmosphere neighborhood casual bar type.  I will be going back.  Try it out well worth a try.A buddy of mine has been wanting me to come here for a long time, so had a chance one weekend to check it out. I get there and it has very relax gastro pub feel to it. The bartender was a cool guy and willing to chat as well, so customer service is pretty good. The beer list is pretty good with a lot of great craft beer options to choose from. The place is supposedly known for their burgers, so I decided to order one. I decided to try out a PB& J burger since that sounded interesting. It was a very juicy burger with a bit of sweetness from the peanut butter and the jelly. The jelly on the side was also a great dipping sauce for the fries! Awesome bar and I need to try the rest of the burgers there.Solid joint to hangout and grab some food. Everything was good, server and manager guy were cool and told us what to order.  No complaints at all.  Not the best burger I've had but again, solid.  We somehow managed to order just about every part of the menu.  Everyone thought it was good.  Nice change of pace if your in the mood for burgers or dogs and a beer or 2.This is hands down one of the BEST burger places in the city. Village Whiskey who? My fiancee and I discovered the Manayunk location a couple of years ago and since then we go pretty often. Burgers are juicy, tasty snd cooked to perfection. Their tots are pretty good as well. Definitely a MUST try.The waitstaff is so nice and attentive and the burgers are amazing. The El Guapo and the PB & Bacon burgers are SO GOOD. Tots are also great. Seems like you can't go wrong with this place.A nice little neighborhood bar.  We stopped in late on a Friday night.  It was pretty quiet, we were able to get a beer quickly.  They also had some interesting things on tap.  I'm not sure that there is a whole lot here that you wouldn't find at a bunch of other bars, but I would absolutely return. 
Servers were friendly and attentive.Great burger/craft beer bar!  Dined at Lucky's Saturday night with my 9-year old son.  What a gem in QC.  It is very casual dive/tavern.  It was a beautiful night and we sat at the front window counter which looked out onto the street.  The big windows were open which allowed for great people watching while we ate.  There is also seating outside on the sidewalk, at the bar or in booths in the back.  The staff were extremely friendly and treated us like regulars. 
I have the bacon cheddar burger with BBQ sauce and onion strings.  My son had the Bacon "mak & Cheese".  I also brought "My Boy Bleu" burger (bleu cheese, onion strings and diced tomato), a traditional Mak & Cheese and an order of fries for my wife an daughter.  everyone was very happy. 
The craft beer list was great too.  It was the end of Philly Beer week and they have several selections from Bear Republic and Victory on tap.  Had the BR Idaho #7 IPA which was refreshing.  
Definitely going back!Founders beer week brunch. Nice draft selections at reasonable prices. Had a junior classic burger with a side of tots. Burgers come medium to medium well. Kind of refreshing to get an old fashioned, quality burger in the times of $18 gourmet burgers that must be ordered med rare. Great bartenders and really friendly hands-on owner. They also offer limited outdoor seating. Great neighborhood spot for buyers, dogs and brews.Watch out Queen Village bars, you have competition for the local hot spot! Lucky's is awesome in every way. Their staff is super friendly and neighborly, the draft beer selection is thoughtful and impressive, and of course, their food is out of this world. Obviously, you can't go wrong with their renowned burgers, but don't overlook the other creative options on the menu! I'm so thankful this new location is only a few blocks away from my place, because I foresee myself visiting quite a bit!Pretty darn good, if I do say so myself. I live in the area and didn't know this place was where it is. I usually frequent For Pete's Sake for the Eagles game but it was way too crowded there so we decided to check out Lucky's. It wasn't packed, which was a plus, and they had the game on! We sat at the bar and ordered drinks and food. 
The service was pretty attentive and the bartenders engaged us, which was nice. 
They have craft beer, cocktails, and wine. I was impressed when they actually had my favorite wine! I had a few of those bad boys. 
The food was good not great. We ordered the burger with the peanut butter that came with jelly and bacon, and while it was absolutely delicious, it was a little overcooked. The thing that my mate and I liked best about it was the fact that it wasn't greasy. You know how sometimes you pick up a burger and squeeze it and grease drips out? This was not the case. Good job, Lucky's. I also got the hot dog with the sharp provolone and the mushrooms and now THAT was good. The hot dog was perfectly juicy and it came on a buttery garlicky bread. We also ordered the jalapeno cheese tots was were wildy unremarkable. The cheese sauce didn't have much flavor and the jalapenos were just diced up bits that sat on top of the tots, they weren't mixed in and the dish didn't have any jalapeno flavor. They were also a bit mushy and undercooked. I like a crispy tot. 
Overall, the food was good, the service was good, and the drinks were good. It's definitely a place to keep in mind, although I'll have to be mindful of time. It took a long time for all of our things to come out and it seemed as though a lot of people were waiting a bit for takeout.Can't speak to the food ... yet; although the menu is reasonably priced and interesting for bar food. But great beer selection, and great, friendly,  engaging bartenders. Looks to be a great neighborhood "jernt". Try it.We finally checked out their new location in QV last night - excellent burgers, awesome draft beer list, and super friendly staff.  Nice to see what they have done with the former Kennett location.  We will definitely be back.  Looking forward to expanded hours to include weekend brunch?We stopped by Lucky's with our puppy on a whim during a warm spring night in Philly... great choice!  From the moment we walked in, everyone was welcoming and courteous. They even gave our pup a bowl of water after we sat outside. 
The menu is impressive, and it took us a while to decide. We had the Almost Inferno and Incomparable Bacon Cheddar burgers.  The burgers were excellent and everything tasted and looked fresh/homemade. There are a lot of great burger/hot dog places around, but the combination of quality and variety at Lucky's makes it stand out. It is one of those restaurants you could easily fit into your "rotation" and never get bored.Wonderful spot with a solid beer list and GREAT food!!! The tots and fries were crispy, hot and flavorful. The beer cheese on the Main Street Tots was rich and so delicious. I went with the classic burger, the burger patties were so fresh and perfectly cooked. I will be back to try more of the burgers and hot dogs too!Wonderful bartender, server, and manager. Great food. Burgers of the month are amazing try the p&b, yes peanut butter and jelly burger. AMAZINGGreat food!! Amazing hostess and just a chill vibe. Felt like I was back in college in a cool chill bar.Solid spot for some burgers, fries, etc. good service and a lot of different beers. Good experienceI went into this with high hopes because of all the glowing reviews about the burgers.
My friend and I came around 5:30 for happy hour. There was a couple sitting outside, but no one in the restaurant itself. I mean no one. My friend and I were the only customers (three people came in around 6ish).
I wanted to try the "Lucky's Little J.A.W.N." collaboration with Neshaminy Creek because you can only get it here and at the one in Manayunk. They have a lot of ciders in bottles, too. Prices are average.
I had the Good Ol' Burger with Main Street Tots. The one bartender asked if I wanted one patty or two, but the other said it only comes with one because of the pulled pork ("one size fits all" = one patty). This made it sound like there was a mountain of pulled pork on top, but there wasn't. I've had Percy Street Barbecue before (the menu mentions this is the pork they use), so I expected/hoped it would be a lot of barbecue sauce-smothered pulled pork, but it wasn't. There was no sauce on the actual pulled pork. There was some kind of "mustard-style BBQ sauce" on the bottom (under the patty). It was really good. I just expected/hoped for a 1.5inch thick patty and a mountain of barbecue sauce-smother pork. It was filling (with tots), but I thought the burger would be bigger.
The patties are very thin. I think the "best burgers in Philadelphia" I've had are about twice as thick or more. You're better off getting a double.
The Main Street Tots were SO GOOD. They were crunchy and smothered in cheese and old bay. I could've done without the old bay, but they were the best thing about this meal.
My friend got the El Guapo and Garlic Butter Fries. She raved about the burger on the walk back to center city, but let me try a fry and although I loved Asiago, the fries were soft (I love crunchy fries/potatoes).
I  disagree with Justin who only made a Yelp account to give one star reviews, but I also don't think it's the best burger in the city. If I come back, I'd get something else with two patties. They're good, but the tots, atmosphere, and service make this a great place.
The bartenders were great and friendly. My water was filled a lot, and they didn't give us a hard time about ordering only one beer each.
My only "problems" are they only have one beer for happy hour for $4 (just do all your beers, or at least the 5-6% ones, like everyone else), and I think the full-size tots are the ones that are 1/2 off, the side orders are always around $3). Unless the side order is the full-size order, in which case, that's not chill. It was perfect for a side order, but I can't imagine paying ~$6 for that amount of fried potatoes and cheese. I hope it's not the full-size order because the fries have an "add to"/side price of 
It wasn't the best burger I've ever had (as I hoped), but it was pretty good. The tots were amazing (way better than the fries), and the bartenders were great, so I'd come back.Definitely lived up to the yelp hype.
I don't give out many 5 star reviews, but for the categories of gastropub/bar food/pub grub Lucky's is as good as it gets. 
This is the second time I've been there with GF. The first time I got a Classic Burger, Standard size. I didn't realize the standard was 2 patties. Delicious, but more than I needed. We split an order of Coney Tots, which have delicious chili & cheese on them. They were excellent. 
This second time, we got the Classic, Junior size. This is plenty, especially if you're getting a side. We got the Junkyard Tots, which were good too. Personally, I liked the Coney Tots better. 
The burgers are insanely good. I've had burgers from Standard Tap, Good Dog, Pour House in Westmont- all great, but I liked Lucky's burgers better. 
I'll have to try other things on the menu here. 
Beer selection is good, friendly service, clean atmosphere, nice people. 
I've been coming here for 20 years- since it was Strike 3. I've watched it change hands twice- Lyon's Den, then Kennett. I hope Lucky's stays, because there's always room for a great pub with superb food. 
I highly recommend this place.This was a wonderful American comfort food . Great ambiance, very friendly staff . Parking wasn't the easiest but you'll manage to find one if you can walk a couple blocks. It's a small and cozy setting which can be very intimate for a date or just hanging with friends. The music was great . Our booth even had a card game which we also enjoyed.My boyfriend and I come to Lucky's all the time. The staff recognize us every time we visit. It's usually pretty difficult for us to figure out what we want for sides, so we usually get a few . They have these crazy good variations of fries, tater tots, hot dogs, and mac & cheese. You should try this place. We love you guys!I was in the mood for a good burger and came across the reviews for Lucky's Last Chance. They surely did not disappoint!
We visited on a Saturday evening and the place was pretty empty. The staff were lovely and made us feel at home. They answered all of our questions and helped us narrow down our food order by recommending the Amal Attack and Incomparable Bacon Cheddar Burger. We also added an order of junkyard tots and onion strings. 
The burgers were juicy, well flavored, and were exactly what we were looking for. Add to that some amazingly crispy tots with toppings and it was even better. 
We'll definitely come back during our next trip to Philly.
To the owners, have you ever thought about opening a place in NYC? (A girl can dream)Great food and service. Tater tots are a must! Great place for the whole family. Kid friendly.One of the best restaurants in the area. Their Mac attack burger is the best. Their fries were amazing too. They have different choices. One thing I wish they had is dessert or milkshakes, but it still great. I would come again for sure.Great bar to have good beer, burgers and talk to people.  Bartenders are chill and attentive.  I may turn this into one of my regular spots.Actually really good!  I didn't like the veggie burger, it was too salty.  Everything else was really good!We just moved in to the neighborhood and had our first opportunity to check out Lucky's.  The burgers were great and the service was outstanding.  I am already looking forward to my next visit.New place that opened near my house. Came in on a Saturday night with a friend. There were a few people at the bar. Had a nice beer selection. We ordered two burgers and split them. One was the burger with peanut butter and bacon. It was recommended and my dining partner  really liked it. I am not sure if I would order again. We also had the blue cheese burger with a side of tater tots. The burgers were very good along with the service. I am looking forward to returning again to try more off the menu.Was craving a burger and the hubs and I were planning on heading to the Royal Tavern but I remembered how much I loved the Manayunk location so we decided to try somewhere new. 
This place is truly wonderful. Friendly staff, nice decor, great food. We got mac and cheese, chili cheese tots, and two burgers. Also they had the Austin Eastciders Blood Orange on draft, which has been super hard to find and that stuff is legit. Great beer list. 
We both work in the service industry and don't have much time off or together. Getting to go out to eat is really special for us, even if it's just to get burgers. I am truly thankful we picked this place for our night off together. We left super stuffed, Ubered home and fell asleep with our dog. Thanks Lucky's!Walked by, couldn't resist menu. Burgers are great, cute lil spot fosho! Not gourmet cusine but def a place I would return to!So I wanted a burger, which is rare fore me. Scrolled thru Yelp and Voila, this place.  The burger was thin, rare, thin, and mushy. I had two patties but, it didn't matter, they were too thin. Cost saving efforts, not good. Anyway, my visit was worth it for that tater tots alone!!!!First time here in Philly and this place is awesome! Burgers are great, they have some good local draft beers as well. I enjoyed my stuffed burger as well as my girlfriend who ate her bacon egg and cheese burger! Prices  are a bit higher but food and drinks are great! The music scene is also a great one with a great selection of tracks from the staff. Definitely will be coming back with many small games such as uno to play while you're hanging outLucky's Last Chance's new location is seriously awesome. They've brought all of the delicious noms, beers, and great music to the folks out in Queens Village. Although this location feels a bit more like a restaurant than the original we appreciated the extra leg room to get comfy. The burgers and fries were on point. All of their creations are great, but my personal favorites are the Mak attack and the PB & Bacon. Don't forget to top your fries (or tots!) with the Main Street cheese sauce. It's SO good. 
If you're in the area and looking for a great burger Lucky's will not disappoint.The burgers were huge and they were so juicy and seasoned plus the atmosphere of the rustic bar and the musicThis is a great casual venue to satiate a craving for bar bites. Their veg burger was delicious. The Cajun chicken Mac n cheese was incredibly flavorful. Staff was friendly. Very neighborhood feel. Great beer selection of cans and draft. We will definitely be back!Great service, went on a Saturday night and it was busy but we were greeted, seated and served quickly. BURGERS!!! They were amazing, I'm usually disappointed by burgers but I woke this morning with Lucky's on the brain. I want to go back to and get all of them.This place is everything you could ever want for a casual chill vibe. But not to undermine the mouth watering,rotating MTO burgers and LOCAL craft beer selection. 
What really sets this place apart is the service. Hands down, these folks want to make sure you are TRULY happy with your experience. 
Sam is a sweetheart (attentive AF) bartender and burger connoisseusse(?)!! I'd take her burger recs any day ; )
If you are "Lucky" enough to be there when Kelsey is working, you are in for a genuinely welcoming, laid back eating session but somehow also precise knowledge of the menu, asking about important ingredients that could totally make or break your burger experience! She is a gem lady wonderwoman! 
I wish I could shout out to everyone else there whose names I don't know but, the staff is universally awesome. I hope you get to meet them soon! And eat some burgers (did I mention the crazy add grilled cheese on brioche-ass crunchy bread?). Also- I've ordered take out after dining in on the same tab, twice. It's just so worth it!Honestly one of the worst burger places that I have ever been to in my entire life. The service was terrible, the waitress looked like she did now want to be there at all. She had terrible mannerism and was extremely rushed with serving us. We ordered and when the food came, we were in absolute shock. The burgers looked nothing like the photos that were being advertised online. I had ordered the Mac Stack and when it came out it was horrible. There was little to no mac and cheese and the burger patty was literally grey. My friend ordered the Juicy Lucy and there was only one tomato, with the patty being grey. It was absolute disgusting and the only thing good was the strawberry lemonade. I would never come back here and I suggest no one to come here.The brunch options are amazing. The cheese on the fries are so good!!! The cinnamon bun pancakes were perfect, I would recommend these for something sweet!I came in here with my boyfriend watch the Eagles game. We were looking for something low key. This place is really cute inside, great staff and the food yum. I had the Mac Attack. It was huge and incredibly good. Beware you will need a take out container. The mac and cheese and the two patty burger was cheese heaven, but not too over powering. The roll was perfect. We shared the junkyard tots which were too good. Really resonably priced and place and a fun crowd. Dan was really nice and I would definitely come back. They also had outdoor seating on a quiet street, which I wouldn't mind trying out. Nice Sunday afternoon place.Cool little dive bar in Queens Village / South Philly area. Felt nice to see some locals in here and get out of the hustle and bustle of CC. BURGERS ARE ON POINT! We ordered the Gargonzilla Burger and the Breakfast burger and both were great. Good priced beers in a very casual environment!  Only thing i personally didnt care for was their chili [ordered coney fries], but they replaced without a problemLucky's is consistently good every sing time. I am so happy a friend mentioned to come here one Sunday morning for Brunch. The burger menu is so impressive and the Buffalo Wing Burger is the jam. I haven't been able to get anything else on the menu because it's just so good. 
Service is always great and the staff are always friendly.Saw the photos of the food and my mouth instantly started to saliva. Haha. After seeing all the great reviews, I decided to eat here for dinner while on vacation!
Once I walked in, I felt welcomed. There's a bar immediately to your left and tables to your right and more towards the back. This establishment is a bit narrow, so not much opportunity for seating if they do get busy. Luckily, it wasn't too busy and we were able to get a booth. 
I don't remember the name of my burger, but it had guacamole in it!! Haha. I love guacamole. My absolute fave. It was yummy, but the patty wasn't too seasoned, which was honestly great because I ordered their main side tots, which was coated in old bay and special sauce, and it was salty. So combining the two gave it a great balance! 
Hubby ordered two types of hot dogs - I know one is called Voodoo (my favorite! So delicious!!!) and another one with 5-relish pepper and spicy mustard. He said the 5-relish one was alright, but loved the Voodoo dog!! Definitely get that one!! Overall, this place was delicious and we would definitely come back.I'm so LUCKY I found this place, I could honestly weep. In the search for a good burger, my trusty Yelpers led me to Queen Village. This is, by far, the best burger I've had since moving to Philadelphia two years ago. I've tried $30 burgers that the magazines swear by, but they don't hold a candle to the $10 burger I scarfed at Lucky's. 
There's every combination of toppings/ sauces/ flavors you can imagine, and even some you can't - like the PB & Bacon burger with a side of J. That's right: a cheeseburger with peanut butter and bacon and a side of raspberry jam. It's disgusting to think about, but if you close your eyes, you'll be amazed at how well all of the flavors work together. It's a very rich burger, but I can see why it's an award-winner. Must try at least once.
With that being said, the star of the show really is their juicy, flavor-packed burger patty - as it should be! I don't like my patties too thick, as I find they're usually drier, but I don't like them McDonald's-thin either. This was just the right amount of juicy, cheese-covered protein. The toasted bun really pushed it over the top. Most of their burgers, unless noted, come with the options of Junior vs. Standard: Junior being one patty, Standard being two. I really only ordered the Junior because I know my lack of self-control, and I knew I didn't need the extra calories of a second patty. That being said, I have no regrets. The Junior was perfect, but I'm sure I could have easily devoured the Standard without a second thought.
Ordered a side of the junkyard tots. Very nice selection of beers on tap and an interesting variety of fries and tots. Bartender was personable and hilarious, and service was chill and quick. Came in on a Saturday mid-afternoon with no wait and few other patrons. It was a great place to sip beer and hang. 
I'm already planning my next visit.This is a great place to go for a burger, fries and a drink.  The burgers are thin style like a Smash Burger or 5 Guys, but much better.  They are juicy and flavorful.  Awesome burger combinations.  
Can't wait for next time we can go!!Ok so I decided to give the 2nd location a shot and boy am I glad I did! The service here is AMAZING with all of the bartenders being super inviting, friendly, attentive and social! The minute we walked in they welcomed us and found us a seat at the bar. The menu is the same location to location so I knew I wanted to try the gorgonzilla Burger (last time at the other location I had the Joosey Loosey and wasn't that impressed) and fries instead of tots. WELL! This damn burger was AMAZING! It was packed with flavor and all of the amazing ingredients sang harmoniously together. The perfectly buttered and toasted bun was the perfect vessel to carry the 2 burger patties topped with the perfect amount of melty Gorgonzola cheese, crispy bacon, tender cremini mushrooms and the slather of garlic aioli! This burger is a MUST TRY! My BF has the buffalo chicken burger which was DYNAMITE but he was too hungry and didn't snap a pic of it before devouring it. I'm definitely trying that during our next visit. The coney fries were decent. The chili was a bit too dry for my liking and the cheese should've been melted wiz instead of shredded cheddar BUT the burgers were the star so the fries really didn't matter. OH and it was happy hour too so Dark & Stormys were $5!Was there for maybe an hour, had one round of shots & 4 beers for a group of seven then was told we were over served. Personally feel like we were discriminated against since we were one of few people in the bar. There's absolutely no reason for the 'over served' statement and we were basically being kicked out when we didn't even have two drinks per person. On top, the server was never pleasant to begin with. I would never recommend this bar.Wow, what an overall wonderful experience. I called ahead of my visit because I was looking for a place where I could have a drink and also do some work. I asked if they had available wifi and if any of their tables had outlets. I am so used to busy bartenders not having the time for those type of questions, so I was expected a short and abrupt "no, i dont know ," or something along those lines. Instead, he said "Yes, we have wifi.. and let me go check about the outlets." He literally left to go check for me. He came back, told me there was a table with outlets and some at the bar. 
I arrive, sit at the table and hook my (almost dead) computer up. He then comes over and asks me what I want to drink. I explain that I love IPA's but I'm unsure of what to get.... He proceeds to give me THREE samples of different beers and gives me time to choose.
What kind of service is this and why have I not been here before?! 
Their beverage menu is incredible, the food menu LOOKS great and the staff are A+.Service was great ! I came here to satisfy my mac and cheese craving and the buffalo Mac and cheese was absolutely amazing. Also there were so many burger options but I settled on the incomparable bacon bedder burger and it ranks top 5 on my best burgers list. 5/5 would recommend everyone!Wow. Just wow. The cubano sandwich was out of this world. Do yourself a favor and get the side portions of the tots/onion straws. The portions are HUGE. Highly recommend if you're looking for some comfort food or late night snacks.The best burger in the Philadelphia region, especially the mac attack burger. I had regular tavern burgers in my hometown a week after eating here and just couldn't stop thinking about how all other burgers in the suburbs suck so badly compared to this slice of heaven in the yunk.Perfect neighborhood spot. Friendly staff that will assist you with any questions you have. Burgers and dogs are amazing. Reasonably priced with good portions.The pickle monster burger is amazingly good. Staff is always so friendly. I honestly am glad I don't live close by I would be there every day. Always a nice crowd as well.As a first time visitor to Lucky's, I had a great time. The craft beer selections were plentiful, the bar staff was awesome, and the burgers/tots, &
Rings were great.  I'll make sure I make a return visit next time I'm in Philly.I was in the area on foot for an oil change so I decided to look up local restaurants.  I had seen some of the other reviews and the pictures that had been taken of the food.  After that I had read the menu and my curiosity had gotten the best of me.  I ordered the Pulled Pork Burger, buttery garlic fries and the Main Street Fries.  The overall vibe of the place is very hipsterish (in a good way) and the food and service was excellent.  It was my first time there but won't be my last.  Check this place out!This place is absolutely amazing. Great beer, diversified draft menu but not too many to make it hard to choose.. which is perfect for me. 
Literally the best burgers I've ever had.Oh, so lucky to have found this spot!  It's our favorite Sunday brunch hangout.  Great food and drinksGreat burger spot with a formidable beer selection! We waited for a table for about 30 minutes on a Friday night, but we were able to get a beer while we waited and received great service after we were seated. Highly recommend the peanut butter burger, GF had a great black bean burger. Fries were good, not great, but they have many fry options that I'm excited to try.I'm so glad this place opened in QV! You should know that Lucky's is what it is - a fun burger place with a great beer selection and some sides - the menu is not extensive, but what they do they do great! Some do's and don'ts for Lucky's: 
Do come hungry - the burgers are huge and so are the side portions. The burger of the month right now is the Passion of the Cheese, a burger between two grilled cheeses one with bacon and one with tomato, its huge and yes it is as good as it sounds. 
Don't be afraid to break out of your comfort zone - there are lots of really fun burgers you'll be remiss if you order a plain old burger. 
Don't expect to be allowed to order your burger less than med. they wont cook rare or mid-rare. 
Do take time to peruse the beer menu - they have a great selection of beers from nice easy ales to dark stouts so everyone should find something they can enjoy! 
Don't pass up the side options - they have lots of tot and french fry choices, but try the onion straws super crispy and delicious and they come with the best zesty/spicy dipping sauce. 
Do befriend the servers, everyone is super helpful and friendly! The service was quick but definitely not rushed. It's a good place to enjoy your night and your food. 
In short DO come try out one of the best burger places in the city!