Me and my wife were watching the game ordered the food at 4:30 p.m. Delivery guy didn't show up until 7pm, we cancelled the food we got our money back and order somewhere elsegreat food love the ribs. the sides are great the only thing that disappointed me was the cost.They have very tasty and tender ribs. I enjoyed the pork ribs and the beef ribs. The customer service is always excellent. I their sides are very good too.I love this place and honestly it looks a little suspect from the outside but lawd the food is absolutely amazing! Even the desert is great . The place is a small business but you can tell they care about the customers. They make sure the food is wrapped perfectly . we even had the cook deliver us food one time because we ordered so late and it was still fresh and delicious.  I love this place and the service I get from here . The greens are the best thing ever I swear !They get 2 stars because the ribs were great... I ordered two platters and 2 extra sides. Typically you get a nice amount of sides and a lil meat with platters. This was a LITTLE bit of everything. They sent me a half cup of Mac and cheese that was a greasy non-cheesy mess and the greens weren't much better. I also order mushy greasy fries and SWEET potato salad. I love potato salad, however this crap was HORRIBLE. 
If you go for ribs only you'll be fine. We only ate the ribs in our platters and I paid a whopping $51 and some change. I'm angry that I wasted my money!Great customer service. When they mess up, they fix it quick and fix it right. Overall, they are making excellent BBQ here and the sides are super well done also. I hate their storefront(awning), I missed out on this place thinking it was some cheap chicken takeout place like Crown Fried chicken. Glad I took a peak inside one day and saw bags of charcoal piled in the front. Now I am a regular.  Everything is good!! I get the chicken/rib combo with potato salad and greens.One of the best rib spots in Philly. The beef ribs were succulent, the whole chicken was juicy, and the bbq wings had just the right about of tang. It is a take-out place, with just some stools for seating, so be sure to order ahead.This is the kind of food that your grandmother hides the recipes for. The ones that she will take with her to the grave. It is hard to believe that people still cook like this, with such rich flavor and overall delicacy. This is what I call real soul food. I have ordered takeout from these people several times. I live in a very weird location and the delivery driver always called me and ever so politely found where I was. And when he finally meet me he was always so polite and enthusiastic. They always tell me that it's going to be the best meal on my life. And it always was. Literally every bite of every single thing that I have had from this restaurant has been nothing but delicious. I strongly urge you to try this restaurant. Don't be fooled by the goofy name; they are all about their business and making good good food!This place was a joke! After the website directs you to one place to order and after trying several unsuccessful times to process my order, I decided to call this dive. The guy (Luther somebody) tells me they no longer use that site to place orders, (EVEN THO they have it listed on their website)...and now they use Grubhub. so I placed my order there, b/c he cldnt take the order over the phone...smh... and then my husband went to pick the food up.
When he gets there they claim they don't have my order. after about one hour and 15 for PICKUP  my husband gets the food. it was MEDIOCRE AT BEST! Boiled/oven cooked ribs slathered in some pathmark bbq! Mac & Cheese was horrible!!!! NO taste, NO cheese! Omg it was the worst. The sweet potatoes, was like a pint of diabetes, and the ONLY THING that tasted good was the greens!
oh btw....don't waste ur time with the "FREE cake" it's a SLICE of store brought cake. please do NOT waste your time or money. I swear ppl are paid to post nice things abt this dump! NEVER AGAIN!!! I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!Just had 4 platters delivered to us for a late lunch. Three pork rib platters and one beef. The sauce is kind of strange looking, but extremely good. We all used forks to easily pull the meat off of the bones which was super easy to do. The Mac and cheese was good, the potato salad was the perfect consistency, and the fries were done well. The portions were pretty good too. I didn't even finish my platter and I was stuffed. The food came fast so I'm not sure what the problem was for everyone else. I called in because of the previous reviews to be sure they had my order and to see how long it would take to be delivered and it was already on its way! The young lady who answered the phone was super pleasant too. We even got a free 2 liter of Pepsi (which hopefully was intentional lol). And they didn't skip out on utensils either. Definitely ordering again soon. However, my co-workers and I all need a nap now from being overstuffed lol!Ribs were so small. Barely any meat on the bones. However, the greens and potato salad were amazing!!!! Ribs had good flavor, just wish there was more meat. Felt like leftovers.Ordered from this place on grub hub... When I say I ordered my food at 8:30PM called the store to confirm the order it's now 10:10PM and I still don't have my food. I have called the store multiple times.. And the owner is super nice... But what an inefficient delivery serviceI had the beef ribs platter with greens and potato salad....everything was delicious, the only complaint is that they give you a very small portion for your sidesI happened to be passing by RRU, so I stopped in (while parked illegally in this congested neighborhood) to check it out.  Meh, I was not impressed.  My local Chinese restaurant offers identical ribs at a lower price.  The greens I got with my meal were bitter bordering on the inedible.  Mind you, the gents at the helm of this hole-in-the-wall place work hard.  But contrary to most of the other reviewers, I don't think I shall be coming back here any time soon.The ribs here are wonderful. I love them. The greens tasted a bit funny. The mac and cheese and the yams were okHuge fan. This was my second order, and both times I was more than happy with what came. First of all, it was 25 minutes earlier than grubbhub said. Secondly, the ribs were falling off the bone and covered in sauce--which is my favorite. The corn and sweet potatoes were perfect. 
I just they didn't use Pepsi products. The worst. 
But the food reminds me of living back down south, and it's worth every cent. Will continue to order.The food was good, but the portions were very very meager for the price I paid. I ordered a platter and it looked like I ordered a sample dish. I wanted to try this place for a while. I was disappointed, will not order from here again.Great food, fall of the bone ribs mmm, awesome mac and cheese, 35 min between order placed n order delivered...overall 5 stars.the best ribs you have ever laid your lips on .......i have tried the roast chicken .....the beef ribs .....the pork ribs .........the collard greens ...the mac and cheese....all are amazing and nothing like you can find anywhere else .........Luther the owner is a personable and sweet ....and the portions are huge....and they deliver which is a great big plus ......after having ribs from Luthers ribs are us .........i will never get them any where else ............try them out ...you will be so satisfied ........................Found this place on Grub hub Today I ordered pork rib, buffalo wings mac cheese, sweet potato and fries. It was good I would have gave it five but I like some things more than others. The sweet potato was the best and the service was great. I would recommend this restaurant.We order from here for the first time and we enjoyed everything. The ribs were nice and tender, I personally prefer my BBQ sauce spread on my ribs a little thicker, but the flavors were great. So was the mac and cheese and potato salad.HORRIBLE. We placed an order around 8:10 pm. Food didn't get here until about 10:45 pm. We called twice in between to see what was going on and the lady was VERY short and impolite, no apologies or anything.  Food is luke warm, ribs have 1 nibble of meat and cornbread is ridiculously dry. My opinion, don't order from here.Omg,very hungry for tasty ribs,as I have been living with vegans for 3 months.I ordered 2 for 20.00$ ,and I got 3-4 beautiful,meaty pork ribs that were tender,and coated with rich,thick bbq sauce,grilled to perfection.Mouthwatering.And ample sides in lidded ind.cups.I got macch.,sweet pot.,ff,and slaw.Ill be ordering again when I come home to Philly.Service was ahead of scheduled time!!I thoroughly enjoyed my 2nd platter,as it heated up well in its foil wrap.Love the food,love the service 5I found this place through Grub Hub and I loved it! I ordered the beef ribs, macaroni, and cornbread-they were to die for! I would definitely recommend this place if you're a rib lover. The delivery driver was also really nice!they not lying when they said it's by far the best ribs in Philly! Meat falls right off the bone and the macaroni & cheese is to die for & the potato salad is not overpowering.. it's just right! Cornbread comes fresh out of the oven too!  They also deliver any orders that's $20+Absolutely love this place. Best ribs and potato salad in Philadelphia. Cornbread was awesome. The delivery guy was the absolute best. Also I called and talk to someone at Ribs R'US and he was very friendly. Thanks for a great experience - we will be returning!Really was in the mood for ribs so I got a grub hub delivery from here .. I know it was like an 80-90 minute wait but I was ok with that since I had a few errands to run . The food actually took a little over 2 HOURS to arrive so I already had low expectations .. I ordered a half rack of beef ribs /Mac n cheese/collard greens/ potato salad/corn bread .. Yes, I was hungry lol.. 
I'll start with the good.. The corn bread was ok.. Not sure if it's made in house , but it wasn't bad . The greens were good as well. Great balance of spice and tender greens .. Mac and cheese was ok. Nothing special , but edible ..
Now the not so good.. Potato salad was just gross.. Just had an off putting taste .. 1 forkful and I tossed the rest ..now the "ribs" . Where do I start ? When I think of a rib I think of something that u pick up with ur hands to eat.. These ribs were overcooked to the point of being mush .. No way to pick them up cause they weren't even on the bone.. They were overcooked so badly that the restaurant had to cover them in a really bad tasting sauce in order to serve them..  They actually looked like they were boiled possibly before grilling . It was literally a bunch of sauce poured over rib like mush.. Disgusting .. 
This place is not cheap and thats fine if the product they put out is good . It's clearly not... Will NEVER order from here again ... Gross ...Best place to get delivery from!
What can I say that hasn't already been said? The mac and cheese is probably the best I've EVER had (and much to my thighs' chagrin, I have tried MANY a mac). This is southern style barbeque at its finest. Want a fried fish sandwich? You'll get a few big honkin' pieces of flaky fish, and two slides of white bread. Like the Wonderbread variety. It's not for everyone, but I have to admit-- I dig their DIY attitude.
Great place. The delivery minimum is a little high, but if you're ordering from Ribs R Us, you're probably going to want to order at least that much anyway.I visited this place this past Sunday . A friend introduced me as being a new customer and the owner came out of the kitchen and gave me a sample two whole ribs in fact  . The staff was friendly and congenial. I did had to wait a bit as there were many orders before me . A lot of Phone ins and grub hubs . I try to avoid carbs so the prep cook gave be BBQ sauce on the side . I have their Collards , they are both sweet and hot.  The Ribs were fall offf the bone and had  the  pink center characteristic of slow cooked ribs.  I will try the Whole Chicken next . I may call ahead though . Street parking is available but limited .I would love to give this place 5 stars, cuz omg the food is usually amazing, but they are a huge let down with delivery. I've never ordered from this place and not had to wait for 90 minutes give or take. This last particular time I ordered from them the wait was over 2 hours. If youre wondering why i still order from them, its because i give the benefit of the doubt in that my address is a little far, and maybe they are short staffed, and in general they have great food. Still, the wait time makes it a toss up, you might feel like you'd be better off ordering elsewhere or making a drive to pick up some food. But if youve never ordered from here its definitely worth at least one try.
They're also a little expensive for my taste, expect to spend anywhere between 20(the minimum for delivery)-60 bucks depending on the size of your ordeing party.I ordered food for delivery from here via GrubHub. Both me and my friend ordered BBQ pork sandwiches. We were surprised to find that when we opened our boxes, we found 6-7 ribs laying over two slices of white bread. I also ordered corn bread and mac and cheese. I loved the corn bread, but there was something in the mac and cheese that just didn't appeal to me (despite the reviews I read). The seasoning and the sauce on the sandwich was delicious. Overall it was a pleasant experience and I would most likely order from here again.Found this place though Grub Hub and I'm very pleased we gave them a shot.
We ordered a slab of ribs, greens, sweet potatoes, mac n cheese, fries and a chicken finger platter with cornbread.
We were initially quoted 2 hours, which was crazy but we were willing to wait if it meant good ribs! 
Ruth called at about the hour and a half mark saying they were out of ribs and the next batch would be about 20-30 more minutes added to the wait time which was fine and they threw in a free 2 liter for the inconvenience
It actually ended up taking 3 hours to get our food (even a half hour longer than we were told) but the gentleman who made our delivery was super nice and apologetic... and they threw in an extra piece of cake for free. Can't complain about that!
The ribs were perfect... even better than my own, I hate to say!!
The Mac n cheese is the next best thing to my own as well.... same for the greens and sweet potatoes!
The chicken fingers and fries (good steak fries) made the cut with my autistic 3 year old who is incredibly picky. I tried it and they were both good lol.
We just know now to not order if we're starving.. this is one of those call before you're really hungry joints. That's no problem with us.Ribs were good. The fries were soggy...the biscuits were poor...the delivery was 2.5 hours. They stated it was due to Labor Day weekend...but 2.5 hours  for delivery is insaneThis is my second time ordering from here. It has been 2 hours and my food has not arrived, I ended up cancelling my order. It should not take 2 hours to deliver food when it is only 15 minutes or less away. What a waste of time and I am still hungry. They called me after order was canceled to say they were outside. Won't order from this place again. Plus, the mac and cheese is not as good as they make it seem. Yelp and eat24 need to start holding restaurants accountable for arriving late. At least call and say you are running late and give me a free meal to compensate.I wish I could give them zero stars. I ordered three platters from them, spent $40 and was shocked when an hour later the platters came with next to no food in them. I called them to see what happened, and was informed that management had changed the size. There was no indication of that on the menu or online so I told them that, and all I got was basically a brush off. Food was so so and needless to say, I will NOT be ordering from there again.Around the way place nothing fancy but I've ordered three times my stuff is always goodI got the pork ribs platter with two sides. I loved the mac and cheese -- a real winner. I had to have the ribs dry because of a tomato allergy and they were very tasty without sauce. A true test. I was no fan of the greens, but the serving size of the sides was excellent. Overall, I would order from them again.Amazing! Terrific food love it! Recommend to all! Had the rib and chicken combo and it is to die for people are amazing come here!I am a fan! I ordered based soley on the reviews I found here on YELP.
I am so glad I did. I ordered 2 platters online. 1. 1/2 Chicken with Mac & Cheese and Potato Salad. 1. Beef Ribs with String Beans and Greens. My food took less time than the 45 min to an hour estimate (for delivery). The hot food was extremely hot and the potato salad was extremely cold. The meat was very tender. I tried to use a fork and the meat fell right off the bone. The beef ribs had a little more fat than I prefer --but they were really good. We made short work of the ribs! The sides were also very good. The only reason they get four stars instead of five is --they delivered a pork rib platter and a beef rib platter. I ordered 1/2 chicken platter and Beef rib platter.  The sides were correct and tasty!! It was all really good. I will order from here again!  
You should definitely try it!Food is a bit pricey, but not overpriced for what you get. Ribs were very tasty, as well as, the chicken. Sides were also really delicious. Would definitely try them again!I have been on a Soul food kick lately and vowed to try every spot in my area.... I don't think I'll venture back here. nice portion size in combo, but I didn't get my other meat... and it was so tightly packaged with plastic wrap and bagged when they gave it to me I didn't bother to check. the mild sauce was good, the potato salad was wet and very sweet, the greens had a very strong flavor possibly liquid smoke added and they were sweet too. You have to ask for bread or a roll, so I didn't get one because i'm used getting bread with platter at other spots without asking. They were very polite the kitchen area was clean. I really would like to try some other sides and meats but afraid of being disappointed again. I didn't hate it, but cannot say I really enjoyed it either. Would prefer to try else where.I found this place by Yelping highest rated near my work, but people had their doubts because of fear of the unknown. Up to this moment, Sweet Lucy's had the best ribs I've ever had to give you a frame of reference.  We called ahead for a large pickup order for a birthday luncheon. It was actually for my birthday lunch so that's the only reason we went here. It was a large order that was almost ready as we got there. Luther came out front with a small plate of ribs for us to try. I felt like Frank Underwood in that split second wanting to make friends with my own "Freddie."  I've never had ribs that fell off the bone that fast and that sauce was to die for. That's the moment I regretted ordered half a chicken. The chicken was great, but it wasn't Luther's pork ribs. He asked if I eat pork assuming I might've been in the pen and recently converted. It was flattering. Luther and his staff were so kind and generous by hooking us up with two free 2L of soda since our order was so large and I paid with cash. Please don't let small businesses take the brunt of credit card fees. My only knock was that they didn't have cornbread today, but that's because we picked up literally a half hour after they opened. Everyone loved the sides such as collard greens, Mac & cheese. Save getting their biscuits as they are simply rolls.  I wish there was more of a seating area as the comfort food and family atmosphere is refreshing in today's hectic world. Thank you Luther and family for making my birthday lunch so memorable. You have us as customers for life.I found this restaurant through grub hub, the reviews were old nothing up to date so I decided to give the food a try. It took and hour and a half to recieve my delivery and I only live 6 blocks from the store. Next nothing taste fresh besides the Pepsi. Seriously the fish was frozen fish you can tell the difference, the Mac and cheese taste like cardboard and the yams had way too much cinnamon. For almost fifty bucks the food should have been better. I will never order from there againI ordered 3 more times since my first review. I promise their food gets better and better! Favorites: Whole BBQ chicken is tender, juicy, and hot (temperature) upon delivery. Greens well seasoned and great texture. Definitely not overcooked! Last order was pork ribs, whole chicken, greens, mac & cheese, and potato salad. Sauce was mild (spice) and very flavorful. I forgot to order the bread! I will remember next time. Delivery was quick!great ribs and chicken best in the area .TASTY !!!!!!!!!!! .. okay on the seafood and sides..delivery time is reasonable..you wont regret.......If my 13 year old says it's good, it's good.She ordered the pork ribs, Mac and cheese with yams. She has not put her fork down. I ordered the same with greens, but not hungry yet. I'm sure they are just as good as hers but I'll let you know.Just had our first delivery from ribs r us and we were pleasantly surprised.  Pork ribs do indeed fall off the bone.  Meaty, smokey wonderful ribs with a slight mustard Carolina style sauce.  Collard greens were very good as well, nice flavor and weren't mushy.  Mac and cheese appears homemade but lacked a little flavor and expected creaminess.  Overall great dinner.  Unbelievable that considering they are in Olney they deliver to us (Robbins and the boulevard).  Will be repeat customers and anxious to try other menu items.Great food! Everything was delicious. Definitely recommend. The greens were amazing, the ribs were perfect. The BBQ was not too sweet and had the right amount of tang.These people knows nothing about barbecue if you taste those ribs it like it cooked.on a stove in a pot ,real barbecue dint taste like that and if you turn it on the other side its white,not smokedThese were some of the best beef ribs I've ever had! The meat was so tender that it almost dissolved off the bone, and the flavor was the perfect combo of sweet, smoky, and tangy. The mac and cheese was top-notch too. I ordered off Grubhub, and had originally ordered cornbread but there was a mix-up and I was given spice cake. However, the spice cake was so good that I didn't even mind the mix-up!Since Mr. Lonnie passed over a year ago, I've been searching for a replacement. So, I came across this rib place and reluctantly went in, the counter person was pleasant & offered me a sample. To my surprise, it was amazing. Decor not so much plus menu pricing unprofessional. I'll be back for the ribs though!  Take out only!My first experience with Ribs R Us was about a year ago, and I have been ordering from them at least once a month since. 
Their meats are perfect. Beef ribs. Pork ribs. Chicken. All of it is perfectly seasoned and fall-off-the-bone tender, with a sauce that you will want to lick off your fingers, napkins be damned.
I'm not the biggest fan of any of the sides, but they're good. If you like down-home, well-seasoned soul food, you will love them, as the other reviewers have testified.
The desserts are perfect. I can be a bit of a sweets snob, as my family makes every kind of cakes, cookies and pies from scratch, but their sweet potato pie is the best I've ever had outside of my mom's kitchen.
As for the service, the staff has been just wonderful whether I order delivery or go in for pick-up (peep the ladies back there making the sides and desserts).My gf had a platter from here yesterday and all I can say is YUCK! The food here used to be so bomb. I don't know what happened. Maybe a new cook. Both The Mac and Cheese and yams were bland as hell! The beef ribs were just okay. Two stars is for the ribs!Should have followed my first instinct and kept  going ! Kind of over priced for no reason . The sides are straight from can / containers and doctored up some what nothing has that soul food appeal  , ribs taste more like they were boiled then baked, they don't have the bbq taste from the grill I was looking for & the shrimp are  frozen breaded shrimp that you can buy from ShopRite , I'll stick to Dwight's BbqTried this place for the first time today through GrubHub and I must say the food was pretty good. My husband and I had the 2 meats platter. We was satisfied with what we ordered. The only thing that I wasn't too crazy about was the greens. It was a bit too salty for me, but everything else was great! Will definately order from them again!I so want to give 5 Stars....but I can't and I won't. Here is why...
Food:
Absolutely delicious! I love trying seafood at BBQ spots because it let's me know if you pay attention to all the food or just the BBQ food. Let me say to whoever cooked/prepared/stuck their foot in today's food....WHAT! If I could slap my momma and survive to tell the story of it, I would! Everything was good. The seasoning used to fry the fish was on point....not too salty (which some places use too much of and call it seasoned) and cooked/fried perfectly. The greens and mac n cheese...what?! I actually drank the leftover juices from the greens...that good! Potato salad...a little too wet for me, but had a nice tang to it that I haven't experienced before.
I found this place on Grub Hub...and have seen them on there for a while, but never ordered. I'm mad that I waited so long.
Service:
Ordered online for delivery, so I can't give too much of a review on service. However, I ordered my food a little before 8PM and delivery wasn't until after 9:30PM. So I would say that needs improvement. However, I overlooked this because the food was so good.
Here is why I only gave 4 stars and not 5. After opening my platter of yummy-ness, I felt insulted at the small cups the sides of mac n cheese and greens came in. I don't know if this is normal practice, and there could be a reason why they put the sides in those small cups, but I felt cheated. ABSOLUTELY CHEATED! It makes me wonder, if the small cups are used for pick-up orders too. 
To get 5 Stars, I need and deserve a full portion of the sides that should come along with the platter. And I will update this review, when I go to the actual restaurant to compare the two. 
Overall:
If you want well cooked and well seasoned food, I would def say try them out. If you are really hungry, don't get delivery because of wait time and small sides. Deliciousness awaits!
P.S. I was so hungry I didn't take pics of the food, but I will the next time.The whole chicken was just amazing those ribs were absolutely freaking delicious. The mild sauce was perfect. It was like mashed potato - so smooth it required no chewing, which was a nice break after consuming so much meat. Crushed a chicken and a full rack. I haven't even got to the cake yet.  That was a fucking fantastic pile of meat. Even the driver was cool, maybe not cool, but definitely funny.  Ha ha. Good experience and even better food, cheersThe best once again. I have found my new rib spot. Will definitely be coming back and real soon . Staff was very friendly and allowed my friend to try ribs and mac and cheese before she brought it. Much respect to this business.Ordered beef ribs, pork ribs, chicken and some sides. The meat on the beef and chicken falls right off the bones, but the chicken was a bit dry. Pork ribs were okay and so were the sides. The reason I took off stars because I ordered an hour and 20 minutes prior and it took them forever.. and I live 10 minutes away from this place. :\ 
Regardless, I will give this place another try because the ribs were just that good.Mediocre rbs. Mediocre service. Small portion for the price. If you're starving and you find yourself in their front door, the food won't be too disappointing. But don't travel more than 10 minutes for this place.I love this place not only for their food but for their customer service. Use to work in the delivering area  and driver was always extremely courteous. I feel so sad because I no longer eat meat but when I did I would get the beef rib platter with Mac and cheese and string beans. 
Not being funny but the ribs were so tender you didn't need teeth, you pick hot, mild, or mixed sauce. Mac and cheese they use multiple types of noodles altogether it's a little odd but it doesn't change the taste. Now those string bean are so good and seasoned well also, although I wish they made them mild, some times they can be a bit spicy. Highly recommended:)I love this place it's like a little hole in the wall. They have the best potato salad! Their greens are delicious and the ribs are fall of the bone good  . We've been eating here for years. You won't regret trying this place.The guys I work with have ordered from her and go there often. I called today to place my first order. First... The guy Answering the phone and taking my order, Darrel. He has got to be the most professional, happy, friendly coolest gut I have ever ordered food from. I wish every person, and business, handled and spoke to other people and their customer like this guy dealt with me, The customer service was very literally the  best ordering experience possible. I have had their food before when others have placed the order for me. This was my first calling them. 
second, The food is absolutely awesome. These guys know what they are doing, they love what they do, and it shows in the flavor, perfection and delivery of their product. All BBQ joints are created equal, this one worked harder in pre season. in a 5 minute phone call, I ordered for 8 people, all separate, orders taken and labeled by name, with patience and beyond describable efficiency. 
  Between absolutely fantastic, remarkable deliciousness and amazing customer service, I have no reason to even entertain the idea of bothering to try someone elses BBQ. No point, I already know it wont be Darrel, or anyone that can even come close to his level, and I know the food wont be worthy of the dog dish compared to what Mr. Darrel will deliver to you. The only thing I cant figure out about this place and these people, is why are they short changing themselves and not charging double what they do. They should charge double, use the increase profits to market and advertise (like they even need it, their word of mouth referrals are huge), and then open up store after store. If they can maintain the service and quality of the food and employees at this place, these men would be millionaires. 
  towards the end of the conversation I told Mr. Darrel how awesome my experience with his company is and I thanked him. He immediately stopped me and said "no thank you", " without our customers, we would not exist. we appreciate you. Thank YOU.". 
 He then told me to have a great weekend and a great day, and that our food will be on its way as soon as possible. 
 Thank you Mr. Darrel. Please continue to provide the customer service that you provided me. Its at the level that I will say that the world needs friendliness and professionalism at this level. 
Obviously like many others, I will continue being a repeat and return customer, fully satisfied and eager to return. 
*Mr. Darrel, have a great weekend yourself, and Thank you for your superior customer service and friendliness in a world and a city where basic manners and respect has nearly dissolved and disappeared into a puddle of apathy and rudeness. 
  The food was ABSOLUTEY amazing. the guy who delivered my food. Mr. Luther, is actually the owner. Very, very nice gentleman, who clearly knows his business, and clearly has a talent in hiring quality, on point, friendly professionals that care about their business and the quality of what they offer. I will be a longtime customer due to both the customer service I was afforded, and the awesomely delicious food they make.  As I said, Their competitors BBQ isn't worthy of the dog dish compared to These guys product. 
Rick . 
Abington, 19001.It was really good!!! My only issue is it taken almost two hours to receive my order and they forgot my drinks.Like several others here, I decided to order after seeing them on Grub Hub a bunch of times and being sick of only pizza/cheesesteak joints and Chinese. I got two half-racks, one beef and one pork,  corn bread and potato salad. 
The ribs are very good - tender and well-seasoned. The sauce is fine,  nothing spectacular. The corn bread is delish - not too sweet, and moist. I'm going to have to throw out the potato salad - way too wet,  not enough potatoes, and sickly sweet. Not my scene at all. Should've tried the Mac or greens, I guess. 
The delivery timing was odd - they I initially said 90 mins right when I placed the order. Then confirmed it with a less-than-an-hour estimate. I was stoked. But then it ended up being 90+ anyway. If they'd just stayed firm on the original estimate, it would've been all good.
If I could give 3.5 I would,  but that potato salad is just too gross.This place is awesome. Found it on yelp and dropped in to get my son and husband some ribs and chicken. Absolutely fab, I smack ya momma fab. I mentioned the app I read about them on and was given free items. The only reason they don't get five stars is because I think the greens were canned. Everything else was awesome, fresh corn bread straight from the oven. 
Definitely going back!The food wasn't good at all...the Mac and cheese was nasty...the sweet potatoes tasted like sugar no flavor...I didn't even know you could mess up corn on the cob but it's possible...I was sooooo disappointed...it was no where near as good as it used to be...ugh! A waste of $38.Food ok. Nothing special. Sides doesn't compliment meats (ribs). Desserts are store brought.I read the reviews for this place and decided to give it a try let's just say I was disappointed. The ribs were ok decent amount of smoke flavor slightly too soft but not horrible, the Mac and cheese had absolutely no cheese flavor, the potato salad was way too sweet like they added sugar to it just gross, the collard greens were fine, the cornbread was sweet with a cinnamon flavor which was the highlight of the meal other than the ribs.I was so excited to order from this place but it just wasn't good. Sauce was literally just bottled sauce. Nothing added to it at all. No seasonings on anything, and I never got the rolls I ordered. I won't bother ordering from here againThe food is delicious & I'm always happy & satisfied. However, the customer service is really what stands out. I love how they pay attention to the small details. I always leave smiling!!Was  expecting a good meal but  I got dry brisket mix noodle Mac and cheese and glory greens definitely out of the canRibs R Us has great customer service. That was the best part of the experience for me. The food was decent, but not impressive. the sides and the cornbread were pretty inconsistent as far as flavor and texture. Of the three cornbread ordered, only 1 was moist and not dry. The bbq sauce was just all right. It had a certain level of sweetness but the vinegar was very prominent. This could have been what they were going for but it was not what I was expecting or seeking. 
I can't say I would not give them another chance, however, it would not be my first selection.Amazing! I got the pork ribs with greens and sweet potatoes. So bomb! Meat melts off the bones. My boyfriend got the brisket which also melted in ur mouth and potato salad which was amazing and mac and cheese which wasnt the greatest. Corn bread was also amazing! Would recommend to anyone and very cheap for what you get!Delivery Time Was Fast. It Came Faster Than The Estimated Time. Delivery  Guy Seemed Pleasant Also. But The Food, I Ordered Beef Ribs Mac & Cheese Collard Greens Nd Candied Yams With Chocolate Cake. I Paid $26 For Everything. The Portion Sizes Are Not Worth The Cost. The Ribs Were Really Good Very Tender Nd Seasoned Well Nd The Sauce Was Good Too But Just Wasn't Enough For The Cost. None Of The Sides Were Good To Me At All. The Cake Was $3 Which I Thought Would Be Bigger Nd It Wasn't The Chocolate Cake I Was Thinkn Of. I Kinda Thought It Would Be Homemade Or Have That Homemade Look Nd Taste But It Was Just Like A Bunt Cake. I Would Only Eat The Ribs Here Again They Were Very Very Good.I order the chicken and rib platter!!! I loved it with all those great sides greens yams mac and cheese and potato salad corn bread and triple chocolate cake lol i was hungry!! The food was great and so was the service delivery in a half an hour!! Not to mention i live across town from the location of the store!! Thanks guys i highly recommend!Best pork ribs in Philly. I've introduced these ribs to my friends and they now make the drive from south philly just to eat these ribs. The husband loves the potato salad and I love the sweet potatoes. Oh! Their cornbread is also a must get.Meal was good delivered earlier than time shown. Don't eat pork soliction limited other wise a 5.My daughter stopped by Ribs R Us and ordered me a ribs & chicken platter for delivery. Within an hour my food was delivered. Everything  was delicious. The ribs were tender and meaty and the chicken was very good. The string beans were flavorful and I love the cornbread. I already recommended them to friends and they ordered and are pleased. MMI ordered the Ribs and fried Shrimp platter and it arrived on time the Ribs were well seasoned and the sauce was very good I was licking my fingers the Mac and cheese was also very good and I had Potato salad I can say I will absolutely order again.