the food was delicious. the waitress- not very friendly.
the atmosphere is great for a sunny warm workday lunch. i would eat here again because of the food, not the service.Stopped in here n Wednesday with some friends after sips. They participate in Center City Sips but being that it was after 7, those specials had ended. Beers were in the $5-7 range it seemed. I got a glass of Pinot for $5. The bartender was friendly enough and answered our questions. We definitely weren't standing in a good spot as we kept having to move out of the way either for people to walk by or for people to use the small bathroom on the first floor. I've been here before and sat outside, which was nice. My biggest complaint would be the juke box. It was incredibly loud and unfortunately, I wasn't a huge fan of what people were selecting. But, that's not exactly the establishment's fault...Honestly love this place for a casual drink. It's a nice low key place in the heart of the city. Not the biggest selection of food so if you're looking for a hearty meal i probably wouldn't come here, but I've had a cheesesteak and quesadillas here and they were decent. It's really the atmosphere that i love, just a no frills bar which is my kind of place. Love the brick!Very disappointed.. Walked into the bar and the bartender asked my friends what we wanted... When we asked for a drink he told us to walk down the street.. Guess they don't care about losing businessCheap prices, warm atmosphere, upstairs dining room that feels a bit like being in a lighthouse (operating windows that offer a great view of the Parkway), outdoor seating in nice weather, decent Irish-y pub food, friendly service and a killer location. It's been here since 1978. Still going strong.Bartender was incredibly rude. Ten people walked in for some drinks on a snowy night after dinner and he gave us a dirty look and told us there was a bar down the street called city tap house that we should go to. Ten people who for a couple drinks each would have given him a lot of business. So we went to city tap house..and had a great time and we're glad we gave them the business rather than that little nothing smelly bar. Very smelly..like the inside of a moldy keg actually.Really nice local bar. Mike was my bartender and I couldn't have asked for a better one. He had jokes and passed newspapers around to everyone at the bar. I didn't try the food so my 4 stars is based on the service alone. I don't give many 5 stars.From the outside, this place looked like it was going to be awesome.  Reality?  EPIC FAIL.  The best beer they had on tap was yeungling?  Come on!     They could have done so much better with this place.
My dinner?    A grilled chicken sandwich with onions and american cheese.  Sounds awesome but the execution was not so awesome.  It was nice that it was so cheap, but my sandwich came out and was pretty much a gigantic mess of cheese onions and bread.   I could barely find the chicken.
When i went upstairs to the bathroom, i passed the kitchen.  It looked like what i would expect to see at a college dormroom.  it was seriously one guy with a deep fryer and a griddle.  I guess my cheesey chciken was all they could master with what they were given.
Definitely not worth a visitVi ho cenato in una pausa di un congresso.. era uno dei locali consigliati nei pressi dell'hotel, ma è stata una delusione.. Philadelphia Cheesesteak da rivedere.. decisamente poco saporita e troppo poco formaggio. Buona la guinness. Niente di che..minus the convenience of the bar by my house... nothing too great.
shrugs.We stumbled on this place late night and had a great time! Luckily we hit in before the kitchen closed so we had a turkey sandwich and cheese fries.  The sandwich was delicious! Good quality turkey and bacon. I'm trying to get used to the cheese wiz on things here in Philly, so the fries were good enough. 
The bartender (Gary) was a great time. Mixed that with some good music and other out of towners  and we had a super fun night!This place was AWESOME. We eat here every night we were in Philly. All the bartenders and servers treated us like family. It is a great place. Thanks for helping us to celebrate my Mom's 85th birthday with a piece of cheese cake and the entire bar singing Happy Birthday!!!Cheesesteak sandwiches are pretty good here. Service a bit slow but pleasant. Nice outdoor seating. Guinness on tap - oh yeah.This little dive bar was recommended by a Philly native in the industry that actually sat next to us at another bar and we were not disappointed that we gave it a try. And when I say "little", even the bathroom was doll house sized (ladies, back into it because you won't be able to turn around one the door is closed - ha)!
Bartender was serving draft beer from a red cooler  - just the trashy, dive-ness I would expect from this place. We sat at the bar between two characters that were amazing storytellers and even got invited to join a group celebrating a birthday. This is just a tiny, casual bar that that you might miss if you weren't looking for it, but is definitely worth a go.So my friend and I wandered in here Sunday morning in an attempt to avoid TGI Friday's as very little else was open (I'm sure the Embassy's $68 brunch across the street was great, but I'll work on marrying wealthy in the meantime and maybe I'll find out for myself someday). Not much here in the way of ambiance, so my personal bar was set pretty low as we perused the menu. Honestly, I expected very, very little when I ordered the broccoli and cheese quiche (it's the one thing I make really well), but I was pleasantly surprised. Very nice. Great cheese, nice crust. My friend ordered French toast, which was also surprisingly flavorful (she was delighted by the side of "actual ham" as well). Cheap as hell and nice servers, too.One of our favorite bars we stopped at. And it was the first one we stopped at. Right on the corner it is a smallish place with outdoor seating. We sat at the last two open seats in the bar and ordered our drinks. The bartender was very friendly and personable but he wasn't overbearing. The place was full of regulars. Everyone knew everyone's name (except for us) so it gives off that "cheers" vibe. The prices were fair. The neighborhood was nice. Had we of stayed in town one more night we would have gone back. Great location.This place is a nightmare.  I has here years ago and had a pleasant time.  Fast forward to tonight, when I brought my boyfriend and a best friend here....later on in the evening....after a wedding party.  We had not been drinking too much but thought we could catch one more drink to talk over before the end of the night.  The bartender informed us (at about 1: 20) that we would not be served a drink.  Fine.  We did not argue, just sat, somewhat disappointed but minding our own business.  We did not argue with the bartender......BUT something started to change.....people came up to us saying 'you should probably leave...."   We were like....What?  We were literally sipping on waters, not talking to anyone, two black guys and one white girl, and all of the sudden, shit got aggressive.  I was literally blown away.  It was almost like the people that worked there knew it would be a problem so they were warning us to get out before it got bad.  Obviously we were like, why are you kicking us out?  and by the time it was over.....the bouncer,this tall jerk of a guy, PUSHED me PHYSICALLY into a cab.  I yelled at him, because i was so upset, saying....why, did you just touch me????  And he claimed that I touched him first!   I did not touch this dude, just asked him why we were being hustled out.  Read the other comments....I would not have ever necessarily believed them, but I can't believe I just lived through it..  THank God for the amazing cab driver who literally got out of his cab at the curbside, ushered us in, while the employee was still being physically and verbally abusive, and drove away quickly.  I am deeply grateful to this thoughtful thoughtful guy.  
When I got home I was so upset, and my shoulder is bruised from being punched by the bouncer.  So I tried to call the police.  I didn't make it sound like an emergency, but they directed me to 911.  I finally go ahold of the police and literally just had a complaint filed.  It is on record.   I hope that no one ever has to to through this again.  I can't believe what happened, and I am a Yelp addict who has never posted.  True story....my boyfriend has always joked me for the amount of time i've spent on Yelp and never posted....tonight changed everything.  
If anyone else goes through this, please report to the police so that we can get these guys documented.  They do not deserve to be allowed to violate individuals's rights.If I could give this place more than 5 stars, I would. I was visiting from DC and we had this restaurant pointed out to us on a bus tour and my friend and I instantly knew we had to visit it. From the second we walked in, we fell in love. It is a small place and feels very homely. We met our bartender Tom who was very engaging throughout the night. We talked about the Philly area and he just made us feel at home. I'm not surprised as the first thing we noticed is that they had stockings on the wall for the staff and regulars (we went weekend before Christmas). The clientele were all friendly towards us and even though we left to go elsewhere, we ended the night right back where we were. It's definitely a place if you want to chat with the locals and just enjoy drinking the night away.I've been here once because the wait was too long for TGIFriday's. There are two floors, my boyfriend and I were seated upstairs. The good thing is that we were near a window, the bad thing was the condition of everything. The place needs renovating! Well, we were there for lunch, I think at night it must be some local dive on Parkway. I guess I was expecting a restaurant.
There was a table of 8 or so a couple of tables away. I think they were the reason why we waited for what seemed like an hour for our hot sandwiches. When it arrived, it was pretty sorry. I think I've had better at lunch trucks. 
I don't recommend this place if you're looking for a decent lunch. Works better as a dive.Ugh.  I kind of have a soft spot for old rickety places, but this place was just dirty. I put my elbows on the bar and they stuck there. The beer was lukewarm.  There is a really foul odor in the place - i could not imagine eating in there.  Lots of choices in the area - I really have no idea why I would ever go back.Super small Dive bar. Nice to sit outside during the summer days. I bet you haven't seen a tinier bathroom.Awesome young vibe on a drinking holiday. The bar tender gets drinks super quickly and turnover is high. 4$ beers and a patio outside, in a popular area of the city on Ben Franklin Blvd.This place was reminiscent of other Pennsylvania dive bars which will remain nameless.  I ordered the chili on the server's recommendation and it was pretty good, I must say.  Visited with a non-drinker so we didn't imbibe, but all the standard offerings were available.  The bar smelled like, well, a dive bar.  If you are good with that then check this place out.  The staff was limited during the after 10pm hours, which seemed weird.  The waitress was not the friendliest in town, but she warmed to become more Wisconsin and less Arctic circle after a bit.  (Apparently, according to my colleague with whom I was traveling, I gave her an unkind glance of my own, so I felt bad the rest of the evening and tried to make up for it by being overly pleasant lest my chili be made with the famous local rats.)
In all honesty, it's an okay place where you can get a decent meal after the rest of the town seems to roll-up on a weekday and the outdoor seating, complete with 26" TV from the 80's on a roll-up cart was actually pretty cool.  If you are an average Joe with a sense of humor, give this place a fair shake.Okay, so I actually love it here. I don't know if it's the location or what, but I have to be honest and say you can find me here quite often. 
Their specialty that I love which honestly isn't even friggin special is their $3 HH beers that are normally $4. Lol. It's Bud, so don't get too hype, but if your looking for a deal to get you drunk, then this is your spot. 
This dive is just a great place to come after work or late night after you go out, but before you head home. Way less crowded then the neighboring Con Murph's. It's literally right on the Parkway and there is outside seating and an upstairs with a great view.  I come here for special occasions like the Fourth of July, St. Patty's, and at least once a week for a casual beer with coworkers, lmao. 
The food is pretty decent as well - chicken cheesesteak and cheese fries are my go-to.Came here during a trip to Philly from NC.  I was on my way to the other Irish Pub on the block, and passed Mace's and stopped to check out the menu.  I decided to eat here and I think I made the right choice.  It was a Saturday around noon and there were a few folks at the bar and one other person at a table.  I was greeted promptly when I came in, and told I could sit wherever I liked.  The server was very pleasant and personable, and so was the bartender (I think his name was Kevin).  My only complaint was that there wasn't a full lunch menu, just brunch, but I still found a few good choices.  I went with the club sandwich (hold the tomato) and it was HUGE.  It was piled high with delicious turkey, and they didn't skimp on the bacon, either.  The lettuce was crisp and fresh, and the mayo, while a little more than I usually like, was still good.  The fries were cooked perfectly as well.
I will definitely eat here again.  Also, I ended up forgetting my debit card and when I went back for it, they'd placed it safely behind the bar; turns out my server tried to run after me, but I was gone. If you want a good little hole in the wall with tasty food and friendly staff, definitely swing by Mace's.I don't get what all the fuss is about.  The same people who would stand by a dumpster in July and snarf down a cheese steak with flies and pigeons all around are complaining that MacE's is a bit scruffy?  WTF?
OK, it's a bit on the dive side, but me like 'em dives.  The jukebox (customer operated) is always playing something interesting, depending on the crowd makeup.  Speaking of which, on the couple of evenings I was there, the demographics were across the board, but lots of 30-somethings, men and women.  There are a couple of TVs and sports is the mainstay for viewing.
I had the cheese steak.  It was just as good as anywhere else.  I didn't find the place "dirty" or "scummy".  More of a "scruffy", rough around the edges kind of place.  Yeah, it's a bit dark, like a good neighborhood pub should be. If you want bright lights and noise, go to TGIFridays, it's next door and much more expensive.  I tried another "Neighborhood Pub" a few blocks down and came running back to MacE's Crossing.We were searching for a small and quiet pub near our hotel.   There were a few with reviews ranging from 2-3 stars.  After an hour of free happy hour drinks included with our Embassy Suite perks we headed out to find these nearby pubs.
This tiny building was just a few steps from the hotel.  A quaint corner table was waiting for us.  They served up my hubby's fave bourbon so all was good.  The pours were generous and the price was exceptionally decent.   We also ordered a few snacks(wings and fries).  The food was hot and tasty.     
Service was unobtrusive but eager.  Our server was always there to keep my hubby's glass full.   We are glad we gave this pub a chance since it was just the thing we needed!Stopped into this bar twice on saturday, first for dinner mainly because it was only one block away from my room at the Embassy Suites. The waitress was very helpful and took good care of me even though it seemed pretty busy. The menu is what one would expect from a typical irish pub, I had the "south philly dinner", linguini and meatballs in a delicious red-sauce. Really hit the spot. Great Guinness here too.
Came back in around one o'clock. The bar was still pretty busy, it seemed like a heavy regular spot. The bartender Dennis is one of those bartenders you can have a good conversation with and doesn't just serve you and move on. Seemed like everyone knew each other but I had a good chat with a few people. Good welcoming atmosphere. If your staying over in philadelphia, I recommend maces, they'll take good care of you and you won't feel like an outsider. Really felt like I got to know "philly". The bartender kicked everyone out at 2:30, he must have had a long night because everyone was pretty drunk but it seemed all in good fun! Go here for a great time! i'll be back next time I visit philadelphia.Mace's Crossing is a Philadelphia Landmark. We've frequented there occasionally for lunch, happy hour, dinner or just cocktails over the past 25 years and it is consistently good, with great service, great food and a friendly atmosphere in a fabulous location. If the weather is nice, it's the perfect spot to sit outside on the patio, people watching while sipping a cold one. It is walking distance to the museums, cathedral, city hall, etc. Mace's sits right on the corner of the Parkway so it is a fabulous spot to view parades and other events on the Parkway. They have a room on the second floor that you can rent out (maybe around 20 people) for private parties and it is a perfect view of all of the parkway excitement without the crowds (and cold or heat depending on the time of year).I walked by Mace's on the way to the Franklin Institute and immediately loved the look of it.  I said "wow, doesn't that place look cool?  If we have time I want to stop in there."  Obviously not consulting Yelp was a mistake.  From the looks of it, I was expecting more of a gastro-pub, and was startled to see such low prices.  The highest priced item on the menu is $10.50!  We walk in and it feels like a cozy irish bar with a small downstairs area with a few booths and a couple TVs, and then an upstairs area.  I was excited, until I saw the very small and average beer list.  I opted for a Yuengling, one of the two most exotic brews they had.  Also ordered some fish 'n chips, hoping the food would outdo the beer selection.
The food came out and it looked not unlike something you'd find at McDonald's..  My "chips" were crinkle cut fries that probably came out of a big Ore Ida freezer bag, and the fish had that bizarre, tell-tale processed trapezoidal shape that you'd expect from Long John Silvers.  Michelle's "grilled chicken sandwich" was almost indistinguishable as a grilled chicken sandwich.  It was all white and gooey and had a couple tiny chunks on it.  It kinda looked like a patty of tartar sauce.
I appreciated the friendliness of our waitress, but the limited beer selection, and poor food was a turn-off.  A previous reviewer said that the reason for Mace's continued existence is how inexpensive it is compared to the rest of the area.  It certainly is cheap, but it doesn't feel like a good value to me.Between the two Irish Pubs on this block this was the better of the 2.
This is a bar lovers bar and the friendly service and regulars prove it.
They have only a few beer choices but plenty of spirits.Excellent cheesesteak and perfectly brown and crispy fries. These are the fries I always hope for. They've nailed it. The cheesesteak is not huge (not as long as some others) but it is stuffed FULL of perfectly cooked meat and plenty filling. Cannot go wrong with this one. 
Definitely a dive bar with a full selection of liquor. Maybe a limited selection of beers, but certainly all you need. 
Service is prompt and friendly. A small place, but there is outdoor patio seating, too. And because it's a dive, it hasn't been infiltrated by the trendy, hip crowd. Just a bunch of hungry, and mostly thirsty people (friendly people).Asked for the Deluxe Burger medium rare and got a medium-well burger with burnt toppings...the house salad was bland as well. Not impressedIn a word or two... slop-shop. 
I came to Philly for a party with some friends. We were looking to get some brunch on Sunday morning. Mace's has a sign in the window advertising brunch, so in we went.
Keep in mind the only customers in the building were one table of 2 and our group of 6. Our order was basic: a few breakfast plates, a burger, some fried things, and some bloody marys.
The burger was supposed to be medium well - it was burnt on the outside and deep pink throught... it obviously came directly out of the freezer, was burnt for about 5 minutes on high temp, and served.
Eggs benedict came out 20 minutes after the burger, which was ready about 15 minutes after the rest of us got breakfast.
Fried things turned out ok. The bloody marys were decent. The scrambled eggs weren't bad, but the toast was stale and the homefries weren't very good.
It took our waitress about 30 minutes to split the check; we informed her as soon as we sat down that we would be paying separately. Her "manager" reprimanded the entire group for failing to give proper notice. Seriously?! You're going to chew out paying customers for inconveniencing your service staff before we've paid you? I don't feel good doing this to any business, but this place was dingy, unorganized, and employs people who lack basic customer service skills.
Dear Yelp, please consider allowing us to put up 0 stars in the future.Excellent spot on the Parkway for drinks &  decent food. Very small but perfect for smaller groups 2 - 6 peeps. Great bar staff too! 
You can make any Suburban Station train in 5 minutes or less (if running for the last train of the night).  Bathroom is pretty much a closet under the stairs but adequate. There is a nicer one upstairs. 
Most perfect place to sit outside & people watch.Wow. Based on a lot of the reviews I read, I was expecting this place to be filthy & everyone who worked here would be rude. This was not the case AT ALL. Met up with the guy I'm seeing before heading to The Franklin Institute for The Art of the Brick. I had hard cider, he had beers. Bartender was friendly to us, as were the other patrons. Didn't even really have that dirty of a divey atmosphere. I didn't use the bathroom here because of the reviews, so I withhold judgment on them.This is the perfect spot to relax on a lazy Sunday... My girlfriends and I stumbled upon this place while walking down JFK after work.. It's so warm and cozy and the guiness is icy cold. If you're the type that analyzes bathroom fixtures, I dislike you, and this is not your place.Super friendly and charming spot. It seems like just a great neighborhood bar in a big city. Can't wait to come back again and again. I heard this is where servers and bartenders like to go on their days off.Decent Irish bar in the city. 
Be warned, this place is tiny inside. The bartenders are tough to warm up to, but once you do they are pleasant enough. 
Beer is cold and fairly priced for the city. 
Bathroom is the smallest I have ever seen. 
Check it out. Should be classified as a dive bar.I honestly don't know what all the complaining is about. This is a corner bar. The food is solid, not gourmet, but solid. The beers are cold. The crowd friendly. The service and prices, great. Judge it and accept it for what it is.Pretty good.  The cheesesteak was very good.  The French onion soup OK - a lot of cheese and broth.  We had the nachos which were good.  I would say it was nothing special but it gave us a warm place to eat on a Friday.  The private room with the fire upstairs was very cozy.  Service was friendly but a little absent.This is my go-to spot on the weekend when I know every other place in town is packed. We're always seated right away and the drinks are a good deal for the area. There are plenty of televisions and the food isn't half bad.  It's a good place to relax without being constantly bothered by staff - just wind down, have some drinks and some hangover food.Stopped by on our way  home from Mass and the weather was perfect. \
The hostess/waitress who seated us was super nice.  I thought the South Philly Sunday Dinner with home made tomato sauce would be perfect but alas when it arrived it was with a vinegary sauce that would never be on pasta in South Philly or anywhere else. It was as if someone had grabbed a jar of barbeque sauce and used it for "home made" pasta sauce.  My friend's roast beef sandwich was fine and most of the reviews seem to like the food so maybe my dish was just an an anomaly but it seemed so weird I couldn't help posting.I was brought here by a colleague who really likes to drink...hard core style. If that's what you're looking for then this place is for you. It's not what I was looking for and I felt a bit uncomfortable at this place. 
They have a few outdoor tables, not really a relaxing location tho, you feel like you're right in the traffic of the parkway. The bar inside is dirty with a few regulars who aren't interested in conversation. I can definitely say I'd never eat anything here. The bar bathroom is abysmal, it's the width of the toilet, it was flooding and there was a fruit fly convention going on the day I had the pleasure of using it. 
Won't be my regular place.Wow.. this place is kind of crappy.  I pass it every day on my way back and forth to work and I've never stopped in until last night, because I really had to use the bathroom and didn't feel like going to Friday's.  
Having experienced a fantastic dive that people complained about earlier this week, I had high hopes for Mace's Crossing.  blah. 
It smelled weird, the bathrooms weren't clean.  I lost my appetite when I walked in, which wasn't helped by the nasty french fries that I was served.    The bartender was nice and attentive and the regulars at the bar watching that 7 hour phillies game seemed to be nice and friendly as well.  
The best part of the evening was when this old hippie came in with a large knitted jester's hat and a stuffed monkey strapped to his waist and took 20 minutes in the men's room.  Dunno what that was about but it made me giggle. 
I might go back if I'm drinking or something but I wouldn't go back for the food at all.I've walked by here countless times and found it to be a cute looking establishment.  I've viewed this as a "neighborhood" type bar tucked into the hustle of the city.  Now that I've experienced it, I will be sure to keep viewing it from a distance!   The drinks were not bad, the customers and the bartender (although loud) were friendly hence the two stars.  But we should have caught on when the bartender ordered chinese delivery.. the food was FOUL and the servers were clueless.. .
If you like food out of bag and thrown into a microwave, then served by nincompoops...go to Mace's for a bite otherwise stick to the drinks.  If you are hungry, ask the bartender to include you in his delivery order or  pay a few bucks more and go around the corner to public house.Stumbled in late on a Saturday night in desperate need of snacks. The low prices on the menu gave us low expectations but they were far exceeded!  Great sandwiches, better bartender, Gary.  Good enough that we sought the place out on another weekend in Philly.It's a dive, but I like the cheeseburgers and onion rings, and how they have their twinkly colored Christmas lights on all year-round.
I don't love the lonely steep trip upstairs to use the ladies' room, but I guess they're working with what little space they have.
There's a smallish patio too, but you'll be subjected to cigarette smoke if you go outside.Cheap drinks and decent food.  I actually left a bag of concert memorabilia on my table Saturday night.  I figured I would never see it again.  I called the bar at 7:00 am, on a Sunday, and a man answered and told me my bag was there.  Honesty deserves a 5 star review.  Thank you so much.taste:      4 out of 5 (3 = middle, quality)
quantity: 4 out of 4 (3 = middle)
price :     0 out of 2 (1 = middle, depends on quantity and quality*)
service:  1 out of 2 (1=middle )
Interior:  1 out of 2 (1 = middle)
Total: 10 out of 15
Ordered: Draft Beer (Samuel, Guiness) and Fries
Taste: Draft beers' taste is good, fresh taste. Also the Fries is 3 kinds; you can choose one.
quantity: Beers are same size 16OZ, but amount of Fries are so big - it can cover your two beer.
Price: The draft beer is 5 buck for one 16OZ and the Fries is 4 dollar. and they charges 18 % tip automatically after tax.
service: But they serves you fine, He is familiar.
Interior: If you want to visit this place, I really recommend you to come alone or with small party at any sports night. This place is really good for enjoy the small group who loves watch sports at night time.Not completely awful, but - on balance - avoid this place.  I and 2 of my associates went in because the aesthetics of the building are amazing.  It stands in a cool contrast to the architecture of its surrounding buildings.  But our server was SURLY and was quite obviously disappointed when we told him that we wished to order food after we had ordered drinks.  His demeanor, then, was ENTIRELY perfunctory.  My mozzarella sticks were quite good but the sauce tasted like mostly water with a few drops of ketchup put in.  The bowl of chili I ordered was very good.  Then the server (who was also operating as the bartender) went off shift and was replaced by a gentleman who was *fantastic*.  Extremely attentive and responsive.  A mixed bag but under no circumstances would I return.  Avoid.This review might be a little unfair since I didn't order any food or drinks, but I couldn't even make it past the front door because it smelled like a CAT BOX!  My co-worker and I tried to go on our lunch break and we both just had to turn around and walk back out the door.Get the French Dip sandwich but ask for extra Au Jus...its amazing :)The only time I stopped at this bar was during a Center City Sips event. I liked that they did have veggie appetizers that were smaller portioned than I expected. For the drinks, I went with the cocktails. But the cocktails, but they seemed a little watered down. Overall, it was an okay time at a bar I'm not likely to ever go to again.Great little local bar.  Reasonable price drafts, great conversations with locals.  Fun place. Highly recommend.Ate here with friends, as we were at the Franklin on a Sunday, and desperately looking for some place to eat. Many places were closed and the only other place we could find was TGIF's - ugh. This place looks like a cozy neighborhood bar and it is. Typical greasy spoon type fare. It was very inexpensive and the onion rings were awesome. Potato skins were way to greasy for my taste. Guys said the burgers were good. So long story short - it was fine in a pinch but I wouldn't recommend it per se.Went there last week with coworkers.   Had terrible service by a rude blond.  I believe her name way Naomi or Nora.     She was ignorant.   She kept rolling her eyes at us and was very short and annoyed to help us.      Never again.    The places smells like fecal matter also.good place for decent drinks/pub food. small but can get louder at busy times (lunch, dinner, after work)... not too expensive, but you get what you pay for- in a good way.Location is awesome, especially on a beautiful day like today. That's why I took 3 of my coworkers (one from out of town) here for lunch, so we could sit outside. I apologize to the out-of-towner, as he had the worst experience. Now I can't say I did not have forewarning. The last time I ate here I brought another friend/coworker, and the service was slow, but seemingly acceptable (there were about 4 tables filled outside), up until the server (Deanna) came up and asked if we were "Good" and while my friend still had his fork in his hand, she took napkins and stuffed them into his chicken taco salad that was only half eaten. He vowed right there not to go back again. I did not want to make such a decision based on that one incident, as the food is pretty good, and the location is great for outdoor eating.
Today was a different situation altogether. We sat down, Deanna handed us one menu and said I will get you more, she took our drink order. She brought 2 more menus and the drinks back. Before she took our food order about 10 minutes later, she took drink orders and brought drinks back to 3 tables including a new table, for which she also took their food order. Now it is starting to be obvious that she is not capable of keeping a few tables going with food and drinks. She finally takes our food order and amazingly that takes only about 5-8 min and comes out, delivered by someone from the kitchen. The food looks great.. I ironically got the grilled chicken taco salad in memory of my coworker who denounced Mace's. A Cheeseburger, Salmon sandwich, and a french dip were also ordered and they all looked great. I will report the taco salad was OK, but I wouldn't order it again, too much salsa, and its pasty. The Salmon sandwich was good, so was the cheeseburger. So that brings us to the french dip. The "sandwich" did come out in a rather odd form. it was a half of a round loaf of bread, with the center barely scooped out and the roast beef stuffed in and the cheese melted from toasting on top. It came with a side of au jus and a container of horseradish. The "sandwich" was so large that he had to rip pieces of it off to dip in the small container of au jus it came with. He had gotten about 1/4 into the sandwich (most of which was bread) and ran out of au jus. He had asked for more and Deanna says "yeah I guess so". Before she came back, he said I cant eat anymore until I get some more juice because it's too dry. Deanna comes back to say we can't give you any more. My coworker (a very polite Midwestern gentleman) says "you can't?, well you should give more because that wasn't enough." (Trust me, it was not enough, he got maybe 3oz of au jus for a 1 cubic foot breadbowl of dry meat and cheese. My jaw dropped. You mean to tell me you can't even bring him some more and charge him for it? but we were all too shocked to say anything like that. 
Now of course she took her time bringing the checks, bringing the receipts back, so the whole lunch experience took us 1:15, way too long for light fare. We had no appetizers, only had one beverage each, and ordered sandwiches and salads.
The other problem is Deanna's attitude. Its not a horrible thing that she is slow or has bad communication (she does but...) the problem is that she is not apologetic or even aware of it at all. No "I'm sorry", No "I'm swamped today I really apologize for the wait", Nothing.. and the Au Jus situation is just unforgivable. 
If Deanna was my employee, I would have a very stern talk with her or I would show her the door. In this economy, there is NO EXCUSE for poor service.There are 25 people who would give their eye teeth to have her job. Please, let us see if they will do better at it!!!
I will return to Maces to drink, and I may return to eat, if they get rid of Deanna.Quintessential neighborhood pub verging on being a dive - and verging on being in a neighborhood, because it seems to be wedged around a lot of non-residential property.  But thye have a good group of regulars, as I could see even on a Sunday night.  I didn't try the food, and I doubt I ever would - but to hang out on the deck for a few pints - or inside to watch some baseball - it's not half bad.
And Lager for $3 a pint - sweet.
not rushing back - but happy I tried it out.meh. That's the best way to describe this place. Bartenders weren't that friendly but they were fast. This place is TINY and not just by Texas standards. They had Sam Adams seasonal on tap and that was a plus!Was sitting at the bar with my dad having some drinks when an older gentleman sitting next to me kept trying to talk to me about how he didn't like the black people at the other end of the bar. I'm white, but I was very offended by the repeated use of the N-word and the general derogatory nature of his conversation. Finally, I had enough and loudly and obnoxiously asked him to stop spewing racist comments into my ear, because I don't want to hear it. Well apparently this man was the brother or some other close relation to the owner/bartender, so I was subsequently kicked out of the bar!
I will never return to this place. The fact that I was removed from the establishment, when I was a paying customer minding my own business up until the point where someone was making me so uncomfortable with their ignorant racist comments that I finally had to speak up, and then to find out it's family of the ownership. Ownership which clearly subscribes to the same beliefs since this type of conversation is apparently appropriate for a place that advertises itself as family friendly. 
White, black, and every color in between, stay away from this place! If the ownership and regular patrons such as the owner's brother can't accept diversity in the City of Brotherly Love, there are plenty of other establishments where our money can be spent.Crass waitress, fast service and good food! What more do you want! Place rocked.Awful. Multliple mice
Sightings. I can drink bottled beer only ~ no food or
Draught beer because I saw so many
Mice. Avoid at all costsWent to Mace's with a group of friends last Saturday afternoon. Snagged a nice table outside, which was great for people watching. $3 Yuenglings, which was nice. I think the best surprise was the free sausage from their outdoor grill. Four different kinds. Free. Service was good - our waitress was very friendly & quick.
Is the bathroom sketchy? Yes. Is the ambiance weird? Of course. But for sitting outside, enjoying a few cheap beers, and free food, it's a nice spot.A typical pub. The drinks were good and the atmosphere fun. A nice stop for a cocktail or two.Went there once with some friends and they had an old guy doing standup. He told racist jokes while playing the accordian and everyone there thought it was hilarious. Screw this place.This place has really one Major thing going for it... LOCATION!  It's kind of McGillin's west, much smaller, and lets face it, less awesome.  But it serves its purpose in this city.  Eaten here just once (thinking it was a french dip?), but its really a place to hop in to grab a beer if you're in between destinations.Nothing special.  
Nice, small outdoor seating section.  
Loud, annoying crowd during my visit.
Nice Staff.I was in Philadelphia for a few days last week and stopped by here for some bar food and drinks when the TGI Friday's in the Embassy Suites across the street where I was staying was too crowded.  
I have to admit that I was jet-lagged, but I didn't notice half of the things that the other reviewers hated on this place about.  Yeah it's a dive but they make a stiff drink and decent chicken fingers, and they've got the baseball games going on the flat screens.  Prices were reasonable and the place was nearly full by the time I left late in the evening.  
If you're not too picky and are traveling without children give this place a shot, it gets the job done.Waitress took forever to get our drink order. The appetizer came out with our lunch. And worst of all my husband had a hair in his food. Uhhh not a experience at allStopped in this weekend while staying at a nearby hotel.  Our group had chicken fingers, fish and chips and sandwiches- all were great!  Staff was attentive and friendly.  Nice place to sit and relax.After several days in Center City I yearned for a bar with some character. I finally found it right under my nose. I wandered in to find a well worn bar with a wide selection of liquor and a small but highly serviceable selection of draft beer. 
I enjoyed a Yards and a beautifully poured Guinness followed by a Jameson's Black Barrel on the rocks. The patrons were real and I enjoyed some lively conversation with them and the bartender. I walked the three blocks back to hotel a happy man.Pros: cheap happy hour prices, BEER!, close enough to work that I can cartwheel there
Con: The ceiling dripped on me. I changed my location, and it dripped on me there too. Call me old fashioned, but no matter how much cheap beer an establishment throws in front of you, they should still strive to minimize their ceiling dripability factor.Stopped by here when I touched down for a conference.  Very simple menu - sandwich, chips, fries - but it does the trick if you want a quick bite.  Had the turkey club with a side salad.  Held me over until I got to some real food :)It's a dive bar. That's what you need to know. Everyone knows each other so get ready to get personal. The bar tables are a little sticky, but this place will have you coming back for more. 
Oddly enough, the food is pretty legit. We've stuck with the fried delicacies in life... chicken tenders... chili cheese fries...  it may be hard to mess these up, but at least you know you can get some food substance while you're hanging around. Know that the kitchen closes at 10pm. They do offer hamburgers and pasta dishes, but I don't think this is the place you want a full entree.First time here today but it won't be my last. I ate Grilled Cajun chicken sandwich on a Kaiser and BOY was it perfectly juicy, tender and delicious. The handsome mature aged bartender named Mike was great and made me a nice Dirty Martini. If I'm ever in Philly again I will be back. I felt like I was in Boston. I love this place. Usually I attend West African restaurants because that's where I was born but I really like this place.Great place if you are looking for cheap food and drinks. We came to Philly to explore- a HUGE
Plate of fries was only 3.50!  Cute small tavern feel, right on the street. Feels like a pub right out of Europe.We just walked by and saw Mace's Crossing.  Their store is quite small but the waitress is very nice.  We ordered some beer, cokes and some Philly cheesesteaks.  Well even the coke tastes very weird.  We came with eight friends but they only served us 5 plates... don't know why!  The salad is too salty but the cheese fries is yum.If you want to wait forever to get your food, you've found the right place. (I'm still waiting for the entrée as I write this review). We were told we would have our food in 45 minutes and it's been over an hour. Fortunately, we received our chips and salsa earlier; however, the chips were straight out of the grocery store and the "salsa" was a cup of soup. We got our cajun fries early too but almost choked on the cajun powder. I'm giving them 2 stars because I have hope for our main meals if we ever receive them. Also, the extra star is for the guy bussing tables because he's great. Take this review with a grain of salt, but I will not be returning to this restaurant.